 The dream began with me in a darkened room, only a small light next to the bed, casting a soft, warm light. The chair painted in white, a Regency style chair, red fabric on the back, seat and arms. The bed, double, large, with me viewing from the side, tan or yellow covers on it, difficult to see in the light. And bars at either end, but difficult to see exactly, not dark, just muted light. Unimportant in comparison to who was on the bed

She was there, naked, on all fours facing away from me, long red hair hanging over her shoulder onto the bed "Can you see my pussy clearly?" Her voice, tinted with an accent, and lust, dripping lust.

Leaning slightly to see more clearly, less than five feet away, but of course I can see clearly already, just a soft shadow in the way "Yes, very clearly."

"Mhhhhhhhmmm, does it look wet? It feels wet." her butt wiggling, back arching, stretching out on the bed without changing her position, her right shoulder dropping slightly as she lifts her hand. I can barely see it, cupping her breast for a moment, a soft little moan from her lips "I feel so naughty like this, with you watching. Do you like watching? Do you want to see me put my finger in my pussy for you?"

Shifting slightly on the chair, still fully dressed, jeans becoming tighter by the moment and increasingly uncomfortable "Yes, yes, put your finger in yourself for me."

Her hand still cupping her breast, pinching the nipple, making her gasp out, her back arching in the soft light. "Pussy, you have to call it my pussy or I wont do it." Her hand placed back on the cover again in front of her, waiting.

Another shift in my chair, I can only watch, can't touch her, can't get off the chair or it all ends. "Yes, please, put your finger in your pussy for me. Let me watch you do it."

The smile clear to hear in her voice. "Good, I like to hear things like that. Like to hear naughty, slutty things." Her hand coming back, missing her breast and reappearing on her thigh, sliding up it and cupping her pussy gently, rocking it back and forwards, her hips rocking with the motion. "Mhhhhhmmmmm, my pussy's soaked, I think it likes you." Middle finger slowly pushed inside, her head going back slightly, back arching to get her finger as deep as possible. Deeply she moans, lustful, pleasured. "Can you see it? My finger up my slutty pussy? It's so wet"

Less than five feet away, I'm mesmerised by her finger gliding into her neatly shaved pussy, lips parting to let the digit in. Barely remembering to speak. If I don't she'll stop, those were the agreed rules. "Yes, I can see it, I can see your finger deep into your pussy and it looks wonderful." Almost squirming on the chair. I'm to watch and watch only and remain fully clothed throughout. Perhaps I should have thought that through before I agreed to it, pure torture now.

Her finger twisting slightly, popping back out again. "Do you want to taste it? Just once, it's okay, I'll let you do it." Her finger pushed towards me, glistening in the warm light, so tempting, so enticing.

Unable to answer anything but a simple "Yes." Slipping off the chair and moving forward, licking at her finger, sweet, tangy, delicious. Opening my mouth and devouring it, sucking and licking all of her nectar from it, desperate for one more little drop, but she pulls it from my lips, pulling it back slightly.

"You want to watch me cum, you have to sit down again. Don't worry, if you're a good boy you'll get some more of my pussy juice later." A soft little giggle from her lips, plainly feeling naughty and enjoying what control she's managed to extract from me. 

Resigned, I sit back down on the red and white chair again, suddenly dawning on me that someone could be as easily tied to the chair as to that bed. With its padded arms and slightly extended legs, someone could be very easily tied to it. Luckily, no such restraints this time. Although, that might be more of a problem than a blessing. Nothing to stop me from getting off it. and then it all ends, stops, ruined. Torture in the sweetest possible way.

"Can you still see my naughty pussy? Is it wet? I can feel it, sooooo wet, so fucking horny. Do you want to watch me cum? Want to watch me shove my fuckslut fingers back up my pussy and make myself cum for you?" Hips squirming as she speaks, enjoying her torment of me, and she knows it. She can hear my rapid breathing, soft little sounds my lips are incapable of holding in. And she won't touch herself until I've spoken again.

Part of me wants to stifle my response, let her stay there, on all fours, exposed to my gaze for a while, waiting for me this time. But oh the temptation, the desire to see her push her fingers deep into that sweet tasty pussy again, watch her climax, drink in the sounds and sights of her pleasure. Needless to say I crack before she does "YES! Yes, put your fingers in your pussy and make yourself cum for me." Voice strained, jeans strained, composure slowly cracking.

"Not till you tell me what I am. What am I? Come on, you can say it, only us here. Look. See my fingers?" Gasp torn from her lips, fingers on either side of her clit and rubbing it up and down, trapped between her fingertips "So close, aren't they? Awwww fuck, that feels good. Come on, say it, naughty boy." Rubbing her clit back and forth, hips slowly undulating, back arching, little moans torn from her.

The sides of the chair gripped hard, head thrown back, torture. "Fuck, you're a slut, a fuckslut. Please, fuck yourself with your fingers, make yourself cum for me." Maybe, just maybe, when she's cum good and hard I'll be able to. Able to finally find release. Her feet overhanging the edge, her knees and the top of her shins still on it.

A deep groan of satisfaction and her fingers thrust into her. All the way into her succulent pussy, both of her middle fingers. Devoured by her greedy, wanting pussy. I can smell it now too, and it's making the torment worse. I've tasted it and want to again and it fills my senses to bursting. "Mmhhhhhmmm fuck, that feels so hot. I can feel you watching. You like it don't you? Is your cock hard? Is it? Does it want this sweet tight fuckslut pussy? Yes it does." Her fingers gliding back out again and pushing back in with a high, tight moan "Fuck, I'm gonna cum, so close already, want me to cum?"

Mesmerised, panting, hands gripping the sides of the chair, to stop myself from doing one of two things, both involving the increasingly painfully aroused cock trapped in my jeans. Remembering I'm supposed to be speaking too, she wants that. How the hell did I get myself into this position? Torturing myself, being tortured by her. Wanting, craving, urgently needing what I can't have. My frustration creeping out in my tone, "Yes, YES! Fuck yourself you slut, make yourself cum. Fuck that pussy with your fingers, cover them in your fuckslut cum!" Tone nearly harsh, frustration filling me to bursting, hands shaking from trying to contain it, contain the urge to just tear off my jeans and shove my cock in after her fingers.

Her head comes back, letting out a near growl of passion. "Fuck yeah, I'm such a fucking whore... I'm going to cum... for you. Cumming, cumming,CUMMING!" Her fingers thrusting as hard as they can, making obscene little wet sounds in her sweet pussy. Her body shaking with the force of it, her arm collapsing under her, dropping her torso and pushing her bum out higher, even less left to my imagination, everything shown to me. Over and over her fingers drive into her pussy, every thrust met with a little squeal of desire. A little trickle forming and running down the right side of her pussy and then down her leg. Her fingers finally stopping, buried deep within her, one final shuddering moan and she's still again, panting harshly, that trickle making its way down her inner thigh.

And I'm watching it closely, entranced by it, wanting it, desiring it, unable to touch it. Panting as harshly as she is, desire running deep and hot. Frustration running hotter. Should have thought more carefully about this before I decided to do it. But the temptation was far too great. Paying for my rashness now though, panting, craving, taut, strained.

"Mhhhmmmmm fuck that felt good, can you still see? Is that my cum running down my leg? Feels so slutty. I can feel it. Come on then, you've been good enough." Her fingers dragged free again, wet, glistening, sweet in the soft light of the room, wiggling, beckoning me closer. "And make sure you lick up that cum down my leg too, but don't touch my pussy yet. Not yet." Wiggling her naughty bum at me too. A test, obviously, plainly. A torturous one.

But her fingers are what I want, greedily sucking them clean, teeth closing over the bases, to stop her taking them back until l'm good and ready. Until they're sucked clean of that juicy tasty girlcum. A little giggle from her as she realises I won't let her have her fingers back yet. Finally releasing them again, licking my lips, she's delicious, everything I was hoping she'd be. Leaning down to lap up the succulent cum still slowly trickling down her thigh, lapping it up, her thigh glistening as I go. Licking up her inner thigh, stopping just short, a groan torn from my lips. I can smell her, filling my nose, taste her in my mouth and I'm so close. She can feel my breath, surely, hotly panting, wanting, needing.

A little naughty giggle. "You like that don't you, naughty boy? You like the taste of my pussy? No, I think you fucking love it. Okay, you can lick it, five times and no more, and then you have to return to the chair, okay? Five times and then back, and then you can watch me make myself cum with my toy. You'd like that wouldn't you? Dirty boy."

Too busy to answer, my tongue already on its way, catching her clit directly and then dragged upwards, trying to get all of her sweet nectar, every drop on the first pass. Her body giving a little shudder and a delicious moan, hands gripping the covers just a little. My tongue licking all the way up her juicy, wet pussy, depositing it in my mouth, and then doing it again, deeper, harder, trying to get every last little drop, a little coo of delight coming from her. And again from top to bottom or bottom to top I no longer care, tongue pushed into her pussy to scoop out more, her moan just a little deeper. And doing it again, deep, scooping her sweet cum right out of her pussy. And one last time, right from her clit, delving into her and scooping out my last little taste.

Her breathing still ragged, smile in her purring voice. "Awwwww fuck, you've done that before, haven't you? Okay, back on the chair, naughty boy, time for me to cum again. Don't worry, you've been a good naughty boy, you'll get a reward. You haven't even touched yourself have you?" Waiting, just relaxing for a moment after her release, a deep, fast hard climax. Waiting for me to tell her what she wants to hear

Fuck, but she tastes good, just what I've been needing. Savouring the taste of her still in my mouth, slowly parting my lips to purr, "Yes, I've done that before, and I'm on the chair and haven't touched myself, although I've wanted to. Do it, you naughty fuckslut, make yourself cum again for me." A taste to whet my appetites, slaking my thirst, but further awakening my hunger, my lusts, my desires.

Her bum wiggling again, "Mhhhmmm I feel so slutty, fucking love it. Okay, go to the drawer next to the bed, inside are three toys, pick one, push it into my pussy and I'll take it from there." Almost squirming, torso still on the bed, shoulders on it, bum in the air, on display for me to see.

There are three toys in the drawer, a slim one, dismissed quickly. Not likely, not after the torture I'm going through. And a large purple one, all ridges and bulging veins. No, not this one ether. Selecting the nice thick glass one, all swirls and bumps. Oh yes, this one will do. Tapping it in my hand as I approach that delectable bum again, pussy so obscenely displayed for me, waiting for the toy in my hand to be pushed into it. Putting the tip against her pussy, slowly twisting it, drawing a soft little moan from her, twisting it with just the tip in her. Making her impatiently push back against it, but no, not while I'm in such torment. Her hips giving little thrusts, trying to get the toy deeper, grunts of frustration ripping from her lips. Watching, waiting 'til her frustration builds, the tip of the glass toy twisted, lightly pushed and pulled quickly, making her want it. And at the moment she's about to lose some of her control, the whole length of the toy shoved in one deep, hard thrust as far as it will go into her waiting pussy.

Her shoulder comes up off the bed again, her head going back as she almost screams out her pleasure, gripping the bed sheets with both hands, a deep rich sound. Payback. Taking my torture seat again, leaving the toy deeply embedded in her, watching again. Her right hand reaching back between her legs, touching and feeling it, pushed all the way into her pussy. "Oh you naughty boy! You picked the glass one, I like this toy too. Always makes me cum nice and hard. Is your cock still hard? is it? Come on you can tell me." Slowly pulling the toy back out again and twisting it just a little to turn those twists in her, pushing it slowly back in again.

Still panting, my jeans a constant reminder, taut and comfortless. "Yes, you fucking slut, my cock's hard, has been since you started, it aches." It does, it so does, aches to be free, straining against its confines to be free. And it knows what it wants, it wants that succulent pussy, wants to thrust its way into it and fuck it good and hard. A soft, slow little groan torn from me. Suddenly remembering why I agreed to this. I love watching a hot, sensual woman play with herself. Delight in watching her bring herself pleasure. How easily the wicked are led astray.

"Don't touch it, leave it right where it is. We'll take care of that soon enough, IF you're a good boy and don't touch. It'll be worth it, I promise. This toy always makes me cum quickly. Can you see? Can you see up it right into my slutty pussy? Hmmmmm? Fuck I love the idea of that. Watch me, I'm just going to fuck myself until I cum. Sit back and enjoy, bad boy." And she does, wasting no time in shoving that toy back into her pussy and yanking it out again, shoving it back in again. Her shoulders drop back onto the bed, the fingers of her left hand rubbing over her clit in quick little circles, dragging more moans from her, happy, lust-filled moans.

Damn, but it's hard to sit in this fucking chair and just watch, panting, aching, unable to touch. Damn, but that looks so hot, and just for me, watching her fuck herself with that toy. So hot, so naughty, so primal.

Her hands both gripping the toy, holding it still as she thrusts her bum back onto it, yanking it back up again to do it again, a little groan with each thrust. Deep and urgent, becoming more so with every trust of that twisted glass toy. Letting go with her left hand and grabbing at her clit again, grinding her fingers against it, little grunts and words spilling from her lips "Fuck... slut... fuck... fuck... fuck..." Over and over again as her climax bumps closer.

Frustration spilling out again, damn her, sitting here watching her fuck herself with that thing and I'm so fucking horny I can barely see straight. Want her so bad I can taste it, fuck I can still taste her in my mouth. "Fuck it you slut, fuck that toy and cum all over it. You're a dirty fucking slut making me sit here and watch you. Fuck it, fuck it hard and cum for me, me watching you." Frustration so bad it makes my body shake to contain it, tightens my chest.

Her hands almost a blur, that toy making wet sucking noises as it's yanked out and almost squelching wet noises as it's shoved brutally back into her pussy again, over and over, her clit mangled by her fingers. A near squeal as her climax begins, growing in pitch and tone, becoming a full scream, her lust proclaimed to all who will listen. Her hands picking up pace impossibly, that glass dildo flying in and out of her pussy, obscene wet noises and loud passionate noises coming from her. Her succulent girlcum flowing from her pussy, cascading around the toy and erupting in a rush, running down her thighs again. Suddenly the toy stopping, her hands dropping to the bed, only the sound of her harsh breathing in the quiet room.

Watching her closely, wondering if she's okay, she seemed to cum very hard from that. Maybe the combination of the toy and me watching, who knows? Listening to make sure she's still breathing, wondering if I should sit and wait or if I should try to help her. But if I get up off this chair and touch her and she's okay, I end up walking out of here with a raging hard cock and a ball of sexual frustration that's growing by the second.

Still panting harshly, body wracked by little tremors that ripple up and down her spine "Bad boy...? You there...? Reward time... Off... your jeans... get them off... Free that cock of yours... done it?" 

Relief that she's okay, and a moment to realise what she means. What? Really? Not going to have to be asked twice, belt buckle flicked off with a skill born of years of practise. Had the same belt since I was about sixteen or so, the buckle anyways. A twist and push of the button and fumbling for the zipper, whipping it down. A deep little groan of release torn from me, pushing the jeans down to ease the discomfort of them, panting softly. "Yes, jeans are down."

"Mhhhhmmmmm good, now listen carefully. My slutty pussy wants cock. Your cock. You've been a good bad boy and now its time for your reward. Take that cock and shove it into my pussy. By now you're fucking horny and ready to give me one hell of a fucking. I want it. Don't cum in my pussy though, pull out, shoot your cum up my back and over my arse. I fucking love that." Wiggling that very bum at me, a stunned me. Is she serious? The deal was to watch her and no more, and here I'm being... ordered to take her. "You have ten seconds, bad boy to get this fucking dildo out of my cunt and your cock in it, or I fuck myself with it again."

Unfuckinglikely. Shorts shoved down my legs, jeans going with them, rushing over to the bed and yanking that toy out of her pussy, a little rush of her juices trickling out with it. The toy abandoned on the bed, tossed out of the way, no longer important. Shoving my jeans down further, my cock already hard, ridged, straining, leaking its desire freely. Panting for a moment. her last chance to change her mind... Fuckit. Too horny, too needy. The blunt tip, pressed against that tasty pussy and then, with no delay, shoved in to the base, a deep groan of satisfaction and lust ripped from deep in my chest. So fucking hot, feels like fire wrapped around me. And tight, sweet and tight.

Her hips giving a little wiggle moments before her pussy's filled for the third time tonight. "Come on, bad boy, take it, it's yours." Her head thrown back as my cock slams home, a short little screaming cry of pleasure torn from her, her shoulders coming back up, hands gripping the covers, grinding her bum back against my hips, trying to get that last little bit inside her. 

But not for long, too primal, lusts too far gone to worry about niceties now. Too tormented. My pussy and I intend to fuck it like the fuckslut pussy it is, yanking my cock back and shoving it back in, making her butt wobble from the force of it, yanking back and again, thrusting for all I'm worth. No more words now, only primal, lust-filled grunts from both of us. Lost in our fucking. And that's what it is, no tender lovemaking, just raw, animalistic fucking. Cock slammed into waiting, wet pussy and pulled back only to be slammed back in again. Over and over, wet skin slapping together, wet sounds of sex and grunts and cries of lust filling the room.
