 Taylor wrung her hands nervously as she sat in the reception area, waiting her turn to meet the man who could make or break her career. She was 15 minutes early to interview for a job as the personal assistant of Jerome Mills, the most high-powered executive in town, and she didn't want to mess it up.

She wore her hair down, with a grey jacket and pencil skirt that hugged her curves, tight enough to compliment her ass with a bright-colored low cut silk top that looked conservative enough for an interview but showed off her 36D chest.

Taylor liked looking professional and put together, but also wanted to look sexy, especially for Jerome—she'd been following his career ever since his photos first began appearing in newspapers and magazines years earlier, and was a great admirer of how he built up his business. She fantasized about learning from him and building a similar business of her own, and it was all she could ever talk about with her friends ... what she didn't tell them, though, is that she also thought he was incredibly hot, too.

As her mind drifted to Jerome's irresistible smile and how sexy he looked in the photos of him hung up around the office posing with various trend setters, the door to his office suddenly opened and the man himself came outside. Stay cool, Taylor, she reminded herself.

Jerome scanned the room until his eyes met hers, and her heart skipped a beat—this was it. And damn, it was going to be hard. How was she gonna stay professional if he was looking that good?

"You must be Taylor," he said, his eyes meeting hers for a long time. Was it her, or did his eyes move down her body? The way he took his time sizing her up, letting his gaze linger just a little bit longer at the little bit of cleavage exposed under her blouse, made her tingle. Damn, he's even sexier in person, she thought.

"Hi—yes, I'm Taylor. It's so nice to meet you, Mr. Mills," she said.

"Please, call me Jerome," he said with a laugh at her formality. "Don't let the suit fool you, we keep it real casual around here even though we do serious business."

Getting up from her seat, Taylor followed Jerome into his office, which was decorated with dark wood and featured an amazing view of the Manhattan skyline. The office smelled like a faint mix of leather, cigars and his aftershave, and it was turning her on.

"Please take a seat, Taylor," he said. "I apologize, I was tied up in a meeting this morning and am just looking over your resume more closely now."

Taylor nodded and looked on as he scanned the paper with her name at the top. When she saw the job ad for his company a week ago and realized it an opening to be his executive assistant, it had been a dream come true. She didn't have a lot of experience working as an assistant but she knew she just HAD to get the job, and that she would do anything to prove herself.

But now, sitting across from Jerome and seeing his muscular build, his commanding and yet easygoing demeanor and those sexy lips, he was looking so good she couldn't keep her mind on the job. The room felt hotter and hotter as she wondered how it would feel to be touched by the man she'd admired from a distance for so long.

"I'll be honest," Jerome said, looking up from her resume and fixing his gaze on her again. "My last assistant was a great manager, but she wasn't my type and I'm looking for someone who can fill a more ... robust role in my business; a personal assistant who thinks like me and can help me run this company, but who ... will really assist me with all of my needs."

Taylor was speechless.

Raising his eyebrows, Jerome said, "I understand if you're not interested, but looking at your resume and seeing you here now, I think you are exactly what I've been looking for and I really hope you'd still like the job."

It sounded like what Jerome wanted was an assistant ... with benefits. The idea of working for him and learning from but also connecting with him physically was like a fantasy, she felt her black lacey panties get damp as she got wet just from the thought of it. As she contemplated, Jerome leaned back in his leather chair and folded his hands over his crotch, where Taylor could see a growing bulge. It was as if he was confident in what her answer would be, like he already knew that underneath her polished appearance she was really a freak, just like him—it was so fucking sexy.

"Mr. Mi—I mean Jerome, I am a really hard worker and would be an asset to your company," Taylor said, trying to remember the pitch she'd worked on for hours in preparation of meeting him. But it was useless, she wanted him so badly she couldn't concentrate, so she gave in.

Taylor stood up from her chair and took slow, deliberate steps around Jerome's mahogany desk, her six-inch patent leather heels clicking on the floor as she unbuttoned her jacket and let it slip off her shoulders. "I mean will do ANYthing you need ..." she breathed, getting closer, now standing just inches away from the man of her dreams. "I think I can gain a lot from this experience, too."

Cocking her head to the side, she raised her eyebrow and asked, "What do you think?"

That was enough for Jerome. He shot up from his leather chair, grabbed Taylor by the waist and pushed her against the desk, their lips locking in an urgent, passionate kiss. She wrapped her arms around him and brought him closer, pushing her hard nipples into him to show him how turned on she was. She could feel his dick grow even harder under his pants, causing her to moan in anticipation.

"So you want to be my assistant?" he growled into her ear, hiking up her tight skirt. Moving her panties aside he felt the juices flowing from her and groaned. "Mmm...I think that means yes."

Jerome slid one finger into her tight pussy, then two, as Taylor could only throw her head back and moan a "Yessssss....I want to..." In agreement. His lips moved from her ear down to her neck, where he nibbled as his other hand unbuttoned her blouse and moved it aside, exposing her beautiful round breasts.

Pulling her bra down, Jerome's mouth then moved to her nipples, which he sucked mercilessly as he finger fucked Taylor. She was writhing as she leaned back on the edge of the desk, so close to cumming right there, just from his touch.

Before she could reach the edge of an orgasm Taylor pushed Jerome to step back and down so he sat in back in his chair. Removing her shirt, she sank to her knees between his legs and unzipped his pants, letting his cock spring free so she could lick him all the way from the base to the tip before putting all of it into her mouth. MMMMmmmm she thought ... he tasted so good, she began working her tough, swirling it as she sucked.

Jerome grabbed a handful of Taylor's hair and relished in the feel of her mouth going up and down his shaft, enjoying every sensation. This was exactly what he needed, but he would get more of later—he wanted to feel what it was like inside that pussy.

Without hesitation Taylor saw that Jerome wanted more and climbed onto him in the chair, her shaved pussy now dripping wet and ready for him to fill her. Her body melted onto his so naturally, her legs straddling him on both sides as she eased herself onto his dick slowly, savoring every inch as he entered her tight walls. He filled her so perfectly, it was like she was made for this very moment.

"Mmmmmmmmmm....Jerome...you're filling me up so deep..." she murmured as she impaled herself on his throbbing manhood.

"Fuuuuckkkkkkkk..." Jerome groaned as she sank down onto him. He let let her come down on him slowly, getting used to his size inch by inch, before grabbing her hips and thrusting up into her hot, wet folds, unable to hold back any longer. He needed to take her NOW.

Jerome leaned back in his chair, bracing himself as he fucked Taylor so hard her breasts bounced gloriously before his eyes, begging to be sucked. He continued thrusting into her, up and down, up and down as he took one nipple into his mouth, sucking it hard, then the other, sending her voice higher and higher.

"Shhhh...." he said, reminding his sexy new assistant--whose back was now arched as she bounced on top of him--that her escalated moans could be heard by others in the office. He'd been looking forward to a willing assistant, but hadn't prepared to find out in the interview just how willing she really was. He couldn't believe his luck, finding someone with such great professional credentials who was obviously as into sex as he was.

"MMMmmmm yea put it on me, baby," she said, now taking over the momentum and swiveling her hips and massaging his dick as it was buried deep inside her. "I'm...so......close......" she said, closing her eyes and throwing her long, black hair back, when suddenly he felt her spasms, like a flood of heat as she reached her first orgasm. It was a beautiful sight to behold.

But Jerome wasn't done yet. Getting up, he threw off the remaining pieces of clothing he was wearing and switched the positions of their bodies, which were now glistening with sweat, from enjoying each other. Getting behind his new assistant, he made her kneel on the chair she just rode him in. Taylor leaned onto the back of the chair, facing his floor-to-ceiling windows and his spectacular view of the city, and their faint reflection as he roughly entered her from behind and started pounding her perfectly shaped ass.

Sticking his finger in her mouth to muffle her cries of ecstasy, Jerome used his other hand to grab one of her tits as he pounded her over and over again, harder and deeper with each thrust, as they both watched their reflection in the window, with the backdrop of an almost-setting sun. Burying his cock all the way to the hilt, pulling out, then hitting it over and over....it felt so good he was close to exploding but wanting to hold on for just a few more moments of ecstasy as her tight pussy enveloped him.

Jerome then took his finger out of Taylor's mouth and grabbed her other tit for leverage so he could hit it harder and faster as she moaned..."Oh. God. I'm. Cumming....again.........ahhhhhhhh!" and he felt another rush as she came even harder than the first time, milking his dick inside her sweet pussy, her body spasming as she was hit by wave after wave of pleasure.

Just then, Jerome was ready too, and pulled out just in time to spray ropes of cum all over her back, getting some into her jet black hair. It was harder than he'd cum in a long time, and it kept cumming, even as Taylor turned around and took him into her mouth again, wrapping her lips around him and sucking hard like she wanted every drop, sucking with all her might until he collapsed on the chair beside her, completely spent. He watched as she swallowed it all and licked her lips, then licked his cock, cleaning every last drop off of him like it was a lollipop.

This would be the beginning of a beautiful working relationship.