 "The Dream"

'Inspired by a dream I had of a special man I know, and will always care for'.

Few times in life does a soul cross your path that impacts you in a deep and unexplainable way. Capturing your attention like a falling star on a dark night, lighting up your world a little more than before. Caressing your spirit and inciting your soul to imagine things you had never imagined before. That is what he was to me. 

I remember when I first meet him many years prior. He had come in for a haircut where I work. I have done many men's haircuts before but this one was different. He stuck with me for some reason which I could not explain. He continued coming in for haircut services for awhile and we always had nice small talk about the regular things in life. After a while he stopped coming. It happens, some clients move, some go elsewhere...no big deal.

Years later one day at the salon, the manager came to me and asked if I could take a man's cut...I replied, "of course I would". I approached the man waiting for his service and introduced myself. As I lead him back to my station it occurred to me that he seemed familiar...then it dawned on me! It was him. To verify, I asked him if he had come in to me a few years prior and he confirmed it. He went on to explain that he had been transferred for work and was now back. I quickly sent a silent prayer, thanking God for small miracles!! I remember him being very pleasant and respectful. A joy to converse with. A few things however struck me about him now that I had not observed the first go around. He seemed happier, freer, had more of a genuine smile, there was an air about him that was contagious, and a little part of me felt excitement growing as if I were a teenager again. I had never had this reaction before with a client. I wouldn't say it was magic, but it did feel exhilarating.

A few weeks later he called in and needed a haircut and I noticed I felt a little twinge of excitement and arousal inside me when he asked for an appointment. I was shocked at what I was feeling. It was out of the normal for me. We were trying to figure out a good time for him to come in for his cut. He started joking with me in a way that I had not expected so of course being the quick witted one that I am, I shot back with a fun reply. Before I knew it the night had gone by and we were sending messages back and forth joking about random things and talking about cars and places we would like to see...sharing our thoughts. This continued for awhile. I was having fun talking with him and fantasizing about what could be between us...however after the next haircut he delivered some news. He and his spouse had been in a separated state for nearly a year and talking divorce when he and I started connecting on a deeper level. But now they were going to work on it. Something had told me this was not a good thing...But I had to respect it.

I was very sad...

I understood as I had been there myself earlier on in life as far as going through the process of separation of emotions and love, trying to hold onto a broken marriage ultimately ending in divorce. Nonetheless he and I had been developing a friendship, talking, and having secret fantasies...I think we both knew there was more under the surface, but being the gentleman he is, he told me what was going on, which I respected and appreciated. I had a sense he was not happy about the reunion with his spouse but was going to try anyway. But for me, who was alone...It were as though I were a child who lost her favorite teddy bear. Not only had I become attracted to him but I also felt a special kindred friendship with him and I would miss being in touch with him. I was like a giddy girl when I would receive a message from him. But I had to drive him out of my mind...somehow, someway, I had to forget him. I saw in him, a wonderful and deep person who screamed passion underneath his cool calm collect...and I wanted to access that part of him. A few weeks earlier as we were getting to know each other he seemed so grounded and joyful...now he seemed lost in where he was in his life...and stuck between what is 'right' in societies eyes and what is right for him and his spirit. We had such an attraction and connection. 

Some things never can die. I knew he was doing what he thought he should despite what he wanted. I can honestly say that never have I had it where I am attracted and turned on by a man in so many ways...emotionally, intellectually, spiritual, mentally, and physically. The way he made me ache inside from desire was unbelievable...and the way he turned on my mind was uncanny...But...I put my big girl panties on, and as they say and I sucked it up...I told myself to move on...but that is so much easier said than done. When you find something or someone that energizes your soul, invigorates your mind, and makes you dream beyond your imagination, you don't want to let it go. You just can't turn something's off as if they were a light switch. 

Life goes on as they say, but in my dreams he remains. So many nights I would touch myself while thinking of him. Feeling my own breasts imagining it were him touching me. I get wet when I think of his touch. Many times I made myself orgasm to the thought of him helping me with my masturbation sessions. I had found my squirting ability and wanted so much to share it with him. I also had began to make myself climax more than one time in a session. These things I wanted him to know and to share with me...

Then...I dreamt of him one night. It was one of those dreams where when you wake up you have to check yourself and your surroundings because it felt so real. In my dream I could feel him, smell him, touch him, and talk with him. In my dream the time had finally come for us to act on our connection. It was finally right and we could be together and have the freedom to express ourselves. I was aware of his experience and sensitive to that. We had waited...only touching base from time to time. Teasing each other innocently at times. And now, he was here and near me. I felt his presence. His strong hands touch my face. He begins kissing my lips softly...and I kiss back. We indulge in this treasured moment we had waited so long for. He smells my hair, presses his lips to my neck, his breath tickles my skin. As he speaks into my ear, the vibration in his voice starts a avalanche of nerves that will not stop pulsing through my body! 

I can see his hardness growing...AHHHH...knowing he is aroused, I begin to swell and soon I feel the sweet moisture express from between my legs and within seconds begins to drip down the inside of my thigh. Like a predator sensing my wetness he reaches down to massage my vaginal area. He finds the wet spot and lets out a moan as he explores the reaches of my swollen vagina. He shares some of the wetness from inside me with my clit which makes it even more excited as it springs to attention with the touch of his fingers. I remove his clothing and there before me is the most gorgeous sight of a man I've ever seen. Raw, real, and ALL mine! FINALLY!! His hardness was tempting me...making me want him so deeply...he begins to undress me. I can feel his furry to finally be with me unleash and come alive! 

He handles me with such affection and gratitude. Fully nude and full of desire we continue to engage one another. His hands go on to explore other parts of my body like he had found a goldmine...his touch alone makes me want to orgasm! Soft moans of pleasure are shared and we can't get enough of one another. I venture down to his now fully erect cock and start my exploration of what he likes. I play with his cock, tracing the veins on his penis and feeling his delicious balls and their texture, enjoying every moment of our adventure. I listen to his moans and take note of what makes him feel good. Wetness drips from the tip of his hardness as I grip the base of him holding him firmly. Using my free hand to gently rub the wetness around the tip of his cock as I begin to massage him with my hand...up and down...twisting a little...squeezing here and tickling there...I take him into my moist mouth and combine his precum with my saliva swirling my tongue around him. I use both my hands to pleasure him while taking him inside my mouth. Taking him all the way in and spreading my saliva all the way down to the base of his hardness. I nearly choke but I love it as it causes me to salivate more making his cock more slippery and wet! I love his taste, his smell, his texture, and how he feels in my mouth. I take him to a point where he could almost release all that he has been holding inside...

Then we switch it up and I go down on my hands and knees and he cups my pussy from behind, holding my wet warm pussy in his hand and squeezing it, firmly applying pressure...this makes me so hot...he begins to kiss my back from behind and as he works his way down and around my bottom he reaches the spot between my two holes and begins to drive me mad with his kisses. His tongue plunges around and inside me as if it were on a chase! He puts his finger inside me while I play with my clit...the wetness from inside me is splashing around making a squishy noise with his every finger movement...he takes his wet fingers and uses them to draw little imaginary images on my inner thighs with my juices...hehehe...I then take his fingers and suck them, tasting myself and his skin together. He moans and grips himself and starts to massage his own cock! I love this, it makes me even more horny...and he knows this. He uses his cock as a loving weapon against my ass...a little smack here and little poke there...teasing me knowing I want him as much as he wants me.

He then inserts himself inside my pussy from behind. This starts to send me into euphoria. I love it more and more with every thrust he delivers. I can feel his balls hitting my clit as he goes deep inside me. I am filled with erotic pleasure...I want it to last forever. He moans saying things to me in a way that seems as if we have our own secret language that only we understand. His grip on my ass keeps me in position to receive each deep thrust he delivers...holding himself deep inside me every few thrusts reaching my core and making me more and more helpless to the approaching climax I can feel working up! Our hearts are racing and our desire for each other penetrates the universe making the moon turn the tides of the ocean. 

I begin to quiver and quake as I start lose myself to the building orgasm that sends me into convulsions! Every nerve in my body is on high alert awaiting this moment... As my pussy contracts and releases more and more liquid he continues to plunge his hardness in my already convulsing warm pussy...he begins to bring himself closer to reaching the state of euphoria I am in. As I reach the height of my orgasm he begins to orgasm with me and we share this feeling together! Moaning songs of love, lust and joy escape our mouths and free our spirits. Our sexual juices meet inside me as he deeply releases his cum which is then diluted with my squirting. Orgasmic delight floods our bodies and soul's. What was so long in waiting was now a reality. We lay there in each others arms fully relaxed and reminisce of our journey. 

I'm not sure that I've ever met a man that has inspired me the way that he has on so many levels...And he has no idea how I feel, as I've kept it to myself.