 I stood at the party sipping my drink wondering how I kept getting roped into this things. My idea of a good time has little to do with standing around talking shop with people in the business. 

As Furman prattled on about so-and-so's boss doing such-and-such, my mind drifted out the window where the moon shown brightly in the night sky. Suddenly, I caught a reflection in the window. It was a woman. A beautiful woman. I turned quickly back to the room, but there was no one there but the same tired old people that had been chatting all night. Maybe one of the new guys brought his girl friend, I thought to myself. God, if I brought my wife to another one of these fiascos, she'd probably divorce me. Had I become so jaded that I was now hallucinating? Or was this wine finally starting to dull my brain?

I began chatting with Saunders about his latest project, pretending to be interested in his description of the endless tribulations of working with Kaufmann. Out of the corner of my eye there she was again! A beautiful woman in a bright sun dress brisked in one entryway and quickly out another. What a delightful change from the drab attire of this pathetic crowd, I thought. My company's idea of business casual was more like business mortuary.

I interrupted Sanders and asked him if he knew who the woman in the sun dress was. He turned toward the direction I had been looking, but, of course, she had already left the room. Saunders shrugged his shoulders.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, I made up some lame excuse that I had to pick up my daughter from some imaginary activity and made my way up the stairs to pick up the jacket I had worn to the party. The hall light was on and as I made my way back to the bedroom where the coats were strewn across a bed, I heard a slight giggle emerge from behind the door adjacent to the bedroom. I think it was the bathroom. It was a woman's giggle. It was a sexy giggle.

I grabbed my jacket and started out the doorway. Just as I entered the hallway, the bathroom door opened and the woman in the sun dress emerged and ran right into me, giggling.

She looked at me with a big smile. "I'm sorry," she said. "I had to go so bad, I almost didn't make it." She giggled again. She was charming. And familiar looking.

This woman was stunning. The sun dress clung to the curves of her body in ways that ought to be illegal. She wore open-toed high heels that perfectly accented her marvelous legs.

"Think nothing of it," I said and motioned for her to go ahead of me down the hall. 7 "Why thank you, sweetie," she chirped and smiled broadly. She looked directly at me with her deadly beautiful, penetrating eyes. I stood there dumbfounded. This was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. And she was familiar to me somehow. I had seen those eyes before.

She turned and started down the hallway. Then it hit me. "Brooke, is that you?". I blurted it out like a teenage boy mooning over the captain of the cheerleading squad.

She stopped and turned to look at me. "Why, yes, I'm Brooke," she answered, looking a little surprised. "Do I know you?"

"Well, you've never seen me, but I've seen you. I'm a member of your site." 

Her eyes brightened and she smiled an even bigger smile. "How wonderful!" She started to move toward me. 

I gave her my name and extended my hand to her. She ignored my hand, saying "handshakes are for businessmen, kisses are for members" and she moved towards me to give me a kiss. I expected a little peck on the cheek, but she kissed me fully on the lips. It was as though a current of electricity shot through my body. I could feel the hair on the back of my neck stand on end. My body tensed from the shock and surprise. She stepped back from me, and she, too, had a surprised look on her face. "Wow!" she said.

By some magic the kiss had had the same effect on her as it had on me. I could see that her nipples had become erect and were pressing against the fabric of ther dress. And something of mine had become erect, as well, and was pressing against the fabric of my pants. We stood there for a moment, looking directly into one another's eyes. It was as if we could read each other's thoughts.

Brooke pushed me back into the bedroom and I tumbled back on top of the coats strewn across the bed. She fell on top of me and kissed me deeply, a passionate kiss took me back to my teenage years and the thrill of my first "make-out" session with my first love in the rec room of her house. 

Now my heart was beating a mile a minute. This couldn't possibly be happening to me, was the only thought in my reeling head. But it was. I was in a bedroom, atop a pile of coats, kissing the most beautiful and sexy woman on the internet!

I rolled over on top of her. My cock was now aching and I could see that she was as hot as I was. I quickly lifted her sun dress to see the white thong she was wearing. I looked down into those deeply penetrating eyes. Instinctively, I knew what Brooke wanted. I reached down and grabbed the sides of the thong. She raised her ass so I could pull the thong off more easily and I pulled it quickly along her luscious legs and then tossed it to the side. My god! This woman was beautiful!

I slipped off her heels and began kissing her feet. I moved up her ankles to her calves and kissed them gently, all the while holding her legs, one in each hand. As I moved up to her thighs, I could feel the tension in her legs increase, as she began to strain to spread her legs farther apart. Finally, I arrived at the sweetest, most luscious pussy imaginable. I looked at it for a moment and saw that it was quivering slightly. I couldn't stand it any longer. I had to kiss her pussy! As I inserted my tongue into Brooke's pussy and began licking her clit, she began a low moan. I could taste her wetness and it only served to heighten my desire for her. She wrapped her long legs around my neck and shoulders and began grabbing at my hair. I moved my hands beneath her ass and began massaging her ass and pussy as I fervently nibbled, kissed and sucked her now swollen and throbbing pussy.

Her moans became louder and more guttural. It was if I had tapped into some primordial part of her being. She writhed beneath my probing tongue and her legs now gripped my neck so tightly that I thought I might suffocate. Oh, but what a way to go, I thought. Finally, her body tensed, her hands pulled my head and tongue farther into her, and she came with a torrent of deep moans. These moans excited me to the point where I thought I might cum myself as my balls and cock were throbbing with desire. Brooke came in three waves of ecstasy, each more intense than the previous. Her body shuddered with each orgasm, until her body finally went limp and her legs relaxed around my neck.

I pushed myself up onto my elbows to look at her, my face dripping with her cum. She looked intently back at me. Yes, she had cum. But she wasn't done yet.

I rolled over on my back and she got up and moved to my crotch, quickly unbuckling my belt and practically ripping my pants and jockeys down. My cock was hard and at attention, a little pre-cum oozing out of the tip. Brooke saw it and immediately moved her mouth down to encompass the head of my cock. I nearly came as soon as her lips touched my cock, but by some miracle, I didn't. I watched as my cock disappeared into her mouth. Her tongue was magical as it caressed my shaft. Now it was my turn to moan. My toes twitched. My legs strained as I used them to push my ass up, pushing my cock more deeply into her mouth. I began to breath heavily and moan more loudly. Just as I was about to explode Brooke stopped sucking and looked over at me. "Oh, no you don't," she said devilishly. "I'm not gonna let you cum just yet."

With that she moved up to straddle my body, raising her dress so I could see as she inserted my cock into her pussy. She pulled the straps of her dress down over her shoulders and soon her breasts were fully exposed, her nipples erect. The sight aroused me to heights that I didn't know were attainable. Brooke began moving up and down on my cock, slowly at first, but then more quickly until she was pumping up and down like a woman possessed. She began to moan again and her moans soon turned to near screams as she worked her pussy up and down on my cock. I knew I couldn't last much longer, not with the sight of this gorgeous woman riding me. Not with the sound of her voices in the throes of passion. Not with the intense, almost indescribable ecstasy that was now coursing through my entire body.

Finally, I lost all self control. As she stroked downward on me, I came hard, not only my cum erupting into her, but my soul as well. I looked up and saw that Brooke, too, was cumming again. She clutched at her breasts and rolled her head back, her moan long and sustained.

When we were finished I raised myself up on my elbows to look at her as she pulled herself off of me. I could see my cum oozing out of her pussy and dripping down her leg. I was in heaven. I had never experienced anything like this before and probably never would experience anything like it again.

Suddenly, I felt a tapping on my shoulder. "Pardon me, but would you mind if I got my coat?" I was startled to my senses. As I stood by the bed, I turned to let Jenkins get his coat. Oh, no. The realization struck me. It was all just a dream! A fantasy! But it seemed so real! My shoulders sagged with disappointment.

Jenkins left the room with his coat and I stood there wondering what the hell had just happened to me. I could still feel my heart beating wildly and could feel the sweat dripping from my brow.

I grabbed my coat and entered the hallway. The adjacent bathroom door opened and a beautiful woman came rushing out giggling, running directly into me. She looked up at me. It was Brooke.