 Normally, the sound of my alarm in the morning was jarring. I despised waking early, and the prospect of having to attend a boring lecture made it all the more difficult. However, on Wednesdays and Fridays, the two days I worked, I welcomed the sound of the alarm. It indicated that in one short hour, I would walk into the office and see him.

At first, my focus was on trying to learn everything about my new job to pay attention to those around me. After about a month, when I had finally felt completely comfortable, I noticed him. One of the supervisors was extremely kind and helpful. He not only answered questions, but also explained everything patiently and thoroughly. 

I seized any opportunity to speak to him, in hopes that he would eventually take an interest. I found him extremely sexy with his tall, slender body, dark brown hair, and brown eyes. His tongue ring mesmerized me; I soon began to fantasize about what he could do to me with his tongue, and the how the metal rod would feel against my flesh.

After a couple of months, it seemed there was no hope. Though I became increasingly hot for him as time passed, I was also aware of the predicament sleeping with him might put both of us in. He was my supervisor, after all. Although that fact made him all the more attractive, it also made it harder to fulfill fantasies.

One Friday as I was closing up, I realized there was a large volume of work remaining. I went to my main supervisor and asked, "Jason, would you like me to stay later and help out?" Jason looked up from the paperwork he was surveying, smiled slightly and replied, "Wow, thanks for offering. I think we could use an extra hand. Why don't you ask Damien? He has the most work to get done." I felt my stomach tighten. Could it be possible that I would get to work at his side?

I tried to remain composed as I walked over to him and asked, "Damien, would you like some extra help?" He gave me his usual friendly smile and said, "That would be great! I really appreciate it. How late can you stay?" I did not care if I had to stay all night, as long as I got to be around him. "As long as you need me, don't worry. I'm all yours," I said with the smallest hint of flirtation in my voice. 

He nodded and motioned for me to take a seat next to him. It was a wonder I managed to grasp everything he explained to me, as I was lost in thoughts of ecstasy. Before I knew it, the office had emptied and the skies had darkened. Although it appeared to be much later, it was only 7pm.

"Looks like this is going to be a long night. I'm sorry I didn't realize this work would take so long. I don't want to keep you. You can go, you've been a big help to me already." I looked at the remaining workload and did not want to leave him buried underneath it. "Oh, don't worry. I really don't mind," daring to sound slightly more flirtatious than earlier. 

He looked up at me, the strangest expression on his face. His eyes narrowed a bit, though he did not look angry. Something in my tone of voice had to have given me away. Had I been too bold? Had he noted the lust in my gaze or voice? "Are you sure?" he asked quietly. I gave a small nod, paired with a smile.

As he turned away to continue working, I could not help but notice the most peculiar expression on his face. It seemed to be a mixture of confusion, interest, and satisfaction. After a few minutes of tension-filled silence, I noticed he had somehow gotten closer to me without my noticing. 

This not only made me feel hotter for him, but also increased the tension. I nervously cleared my throat and quietly asked, "What would you like me to do with these files?" I was pointing at the files I had finished compiling for him. He turned his body slightly toward me, and motioning with his head, he said, "On that cabinet." I realized I would have to squeeze between my chair and his body to get to the cabinet. My heart began to race. It was a tight fit, and he was turned toward me. 

This is the time to make a move without being overtly aggressive, I thought. As I stood up, I made sure to let my chest rise inconspicuously, and then reached over to pick up the files. I then turned, so my back was to him, and squeezed out of the narrow path, ensuring he had a good view of my round ass. I confidently walked over to the cabinet, feeling his gaze on me. 

As I neared my chair, I noticed he had turned fully toward my chair. It would be impossible not to graze his knees trying to get back in, but it was his slight smirk that caught my attention. I stopped and rested my hand on the back of my chair, unsure of what to do or say. He leaned forward and asked, very quietly, "Was there another reason you wanted to stay late?" I gulped. 

This was it.

I narrowed my eyes just a bit and responded, just as quietly, "What do you mean?" He sat back, smiled, and said, "I'm asking you." I hoped I was not misreading his body language, tone, and facial expressions. I hoped even more I was not about to make a terrible mistake. In a low, insinuating tone, I told him, "I wanted to help you with a few jobs." I chose my words carefully, making sure they could be taken literally. 

His smirk returned, eyes narrowed, and in a sultry tone, he said, "Well, then....I'll make sure to keep you busy." There was no mistaking it: he wanted me too. I moved closer to him. I stopped just a couple inches away from his leg.

Leaning forward, I said, "Good." He turned his chair to face me completely, so that I was between his legs, and looked me up and down. Then, making eye contact, he smiled. I couldn't hold back anymore, especially knowing he had on his mind what had been on mine for so long. I stepped forward, grabbed the back of his head, and began to kiss him.

I felt his hands on my hips, pulling me closer to him. I placed my legs on the outside of his, one at a time, and then went down until I was straddling him. We did not stop kissing the whole time, his magnificent tongue ring grazing my tongue. I felt his cock hardening. I, of course, was already dripping wet.

One of his hands wrapped around my waist, as the other ran up my side and then began to lightly rub my breasts. His kissing moved down to my neck, then cleavage. He stopped, and moved me off of him. As he got up and began to walk away, I became very confused. Without turning back, he gestured for me to follow him with his hand. I soon realized where we were headed: the conference room. Fuck, he's reading my mind.

He shut the conference room door behind me, and then shoved me onto the desk. He opened my legs, moved himself between them, and began to kiss me passionately. He stopped briefly, only to pull my shirt off. He wasted no time in getting my bra off, and before I knew it, his head was buried in my chest. I can't believe this is happening, I thought with exhilaration. I breathed rapidly and moaned lightly as I felt his tongue and tongue ring toying with my nipples. One hand remained on my waist, as the other ran up my thigh. Just as he reached the innermost part of my thigh, he ran it across to my hip. 

As his tongue-play on my chest intensified, I felt both of his hands undoing my jeans and pulling them off, along with my underwear. Once they were off, he pushed me back, so I was lying on the desk, legs spread. He kissed down from my breasts, to my torso, to my mound, until I finally felt his lips on my lower lips. He teased me first, only lightly kissing along my slit. 

After a pleasurably torturous minute or so, I finally felt my lips forced open with his tongue. He began darting it in and out, his tongue ring brushing against my clit every time. He lapped at my cunt, flicked my clit, and tongue fucked me until I was going crazy with pleasure. I felt his tongue and ring circling inside my sopping wet cunt, his finger circling and rubbing my clit, when I began to cum. I tried to contain my moans as much as possible, as I grabbed the back of his head and pressed his face against me. I could feel him lapping up my juices as I came. This is even more fucking mind-blowing than I imagined! 

He then slowly licked from the bottom of my slit up to my breasts, circled my nipples with his tongue, and continued licking upward. I could taste myself as he began to kiss me. I sat up, kissing him, and undid his shirt and pants. I couldn't wait to hold and stroke his marvelous cock. When he was undressed, I plunged my hand down and grabbed hold of his thick, hard cock. I stroked the shaft, up and down, as we kissed and his hands played with my breasts. I kissed his neck, then whispered, "I can't fucking wait to lick that cock." 

I pushed him forward, and then slid down to my knees. I marveled at his cock for a second, still in my hand, and then placed my lips on the head. I opened them slowly, and took in the head. I began to lick it up and down, and in circles, as I continued stroking his shaft. I then took my hand off and slowly slid the entire length of his cock into my mouth. I couldn't help but moan as I slid his hard cock in and out of my mouth, stopping every so often to play with the head. As I felt him growing even harder in my mouth, I knew I couldn't wait any longer to feel him inside me.

I stood up and sat on the desk. I then placed my feet at the edge of the desk so that my legs were open and I was ready. "Fuck me." It's finally happening!

He smiled, pure lust in his eyes as he saw my eager cunt, and moved forward. He grabbed my waist and then I felt his thick, rock-hard cock begin to slide into me. "Oooohhhh...." It just felt so damn good. He began to slide about half his cock in and out, very slowly. He then leaned forward to kiss me, and as he did, I felt his entire cock inside of me. He slid in and out of me at a slow pace at first, kissing me the whole while. 

As he picked up the pace, he moved one of his hands up to my breasts and began fondling them. I began to moan louder as his cock slid in and out of me faster and he pinched my nipples, his delicious lips against mine. My hips began to thrust in rhythm with his.

We both began to thrust, faster and faster. It became so intense we stopped kissing; we just breathed heavily and moaned into each other's ears. He pulled me closer to him, entering me deeper, fucking me harder and faster. "Oh, fuck. Oh, fuck!" I whimpered. His breathing got heavier by the second, and then I felt his hot cum shooting into me. When he was done, he took himself out of me but then proceeded to finger-fuck me. He whispered in my ear, "I want you to cum again," and then kissed me. I felt his thumb massaging my clit as he added a second-finger and continued finger fucking me. It didn't take long for me to cum again. 

He dropped into a chair, and I lay back on the desk. We were both panting, both extremely satisfied. After we collected ourselves, we got up and got dressed. As we were walking to his desk, I playfully said, "I better get paid time-and-a-half for all my hard work."