 Note: you will understand this story a lot better if you read Part One first.

***

Chapter Seventeen

Initially, it required a lot of concentration and focus to transport myself outside of my body but, with all of the practice I was getting, it became a great deal easier. When I first started, there were occasions where either I couldn't get where I wanted to before I ended up falling asleep or I'd get there and somehow lose focus so that I ended up back in my body prematurely. By the time I learned that I could transport someone along with me to another time or location, it was becoming second nature and I rarely had any issues with the process. I learned one afternoon that it may have become too easy and that I didn't necessarily have to be the one who selected the destination.

I was sitting on the light rail train, heading home from work and most definitely not thinking about leaving my body, when a woman that I frequently saw during my commute boarded and sat beside me. We'd made small talk on other occasions but I wouldn't have said that we were even acquaintances; just passengers with a common commute. She was a cute and friendly Latina with a nice figure but I'd never considered trying to visit her dreams. Our encounters were typically so brief that, by the time I got home, I'd typically forgotten that I'd seen her. On this occasion, though, our encounter was longer than either of us could have predicted.

"Oh, sorry," she said, having bumped me a little as she sat down. She simultaneously touched my bare arm and suddenly we were not on the train any longer. I had no complaint about where we ended up but I was definitely surprised since I had made no conscious effort to put us there. We were both sitting on loungers beside a pool, surrounded by palm trees and near a tall hotel. She was wearing a red bikini and looked stunning and, looking down, I realized I was wearing just a swimsuit, though fortunately it was not a Speedo.

"What the..." she said, trailing off, so I turned to her again and she raised her sunglasses, revealing very wide eyes.

"I think I know what happened," I said, "though I'm not sure I know how it happened."

"Apparently I've just lost my fucking mind," she replied, panic edging into her voice.

"No, no, no," I said, taking her hand, "you're fine. Physically, you're still on the train and I can get you back there. I think I somehow accidentally transported both of us to wherever here is."

"I was just thinking about being here," she replied, "We're by the pool at the Rio in Las Vegas but it's still impossible."

"You were thinking it and I accidentally transported us," I summarized, trying to grasp it, "Okay, let me take us back so you see that it isn't impossible."

It didn't really take any concentration and we were back on the train just as she had touched my arm.

"What the everloving fuck?" she whispered, her hand still on my arm.

"I don't know about you," I said, "but I liked the pool at the Rio better than this scenario."

"How?" she asked, "How can that have happened?"

"It's a long story and I wouldn't mind sitting by that pool with a cold drink in my hand as I'm telling it," I replied, "if you're up for returning."

"You promise I haven't lost my mind?" she asked.

"Promise," I assured her so, when she nodded, I took us back to poolside, though the details may not have been exactly the same. One notable difference was the tropical drink each of us was holding. Another was that her bikini covered a bit less this time. I didn't know if this was going to end up being a sexual thing but, if it didn't, I was going to be heading home with her after this when she got off the train, invisibly of course, so that I'd at least see her naked.

I explained about transcending our bodies, which were still on the train where no time was passing. I explained about not getting drunk on our tropical drinks or getting sunburned no matter how long we sat out there, about having whatever money we needed and eating without getting full or gaining weight.

"And you've done this kind of thing before?" she asked, no longer skeptical.

"Not in Vegas," I replied, "but, yeah, I call them daydreams. I consider them mental health breaks, even if you think it's totally crazy."

"What keeps you from just wanting to stay here forever?" she asked.

"It's tempting, for sure," I replied, "but I've got family and friends in the real world, plus it doesn't seem like a healthy thing to just avoid the real world."

"Yeah, I guess that makes sense," she said.

"Why were you thinking about this place and scenario when you sat down on the train?" I asked. She paused and took a drink while, I think, also blushing.

"Since we're actually here," she finally said, "I guess it makes sense that I explain why otherwise this whole experience is wasted. I saw you on the train as I boarded and I'd had this fantasy about the two of us taking off to Vegas, to here at the Rio, for a vacation together. When I saw you, it just popped into my mind."

"But why did you have this fantasy about me?" I asked.

"I'd seen you on the train a few times," she replied, "and this one time, I guess I was a little horny, because just seeing you really got my motor running. I went home and, as I was relieving some tension, I was thinking about you and this and about going up to our room and what would happen there. I came so hard, multiple times. Today was the first time I'd seen you after that night so, naturally, that popped right into my head."

"I didn't realize I could transport without meaning to until today," I said, "so I'll have to be more careful but I'm enjoying this happy accident. I'd be really interested in seeing how the rest of your fantasy goes if you don't mind sharing it."

"Really?" she asked with a big smile, "I'd love to experience it rather than just imagine it. And we'll actually be back exactly when we left?"

"Yep," I replied, "we can spend as much time as we want to here and we won't miss our stops."

"I love it," she said, "so let's go for a swim then head upstairs for a shower. That's all I'll tell you for now."

I took her hand and we got up from our loungers, walked to the steps into the pool and descended into the perfectly temperate water. We submerged ourselves and she wrapped her arms around my neck then we kissed. As our kissing became more passionate, she wrapped her legs around me and I supported her with my hands on her ass. My cock was stiffening so I made sure to lower her so that it was pressing against her pussy. I was subtly bouncing her up and down against my rigid tool as we continued making out, not that anyone was paying attention to us anyway. There were people around but no one was close to us and it was almost more like they were part of the background. Had this been my fantasy scenario, I probably would have extracted my cock, pulled her bikini bottom aside and slipped into her there in the pool. Instead, since she was steering this ship, I kept it in my pants and just enjoyed the moment.

"You know what?" she finally said, pulling her mouth from mine, "Fuck swimming, let's go take a shower."

We headed back to the steps and exited the pool, by swim trunks tented out in front of me. We used a couple of conveniently located towels to dry off then headed toward the hotel with nothing but our swimsuits and sunglasses. I'd never been to the Rio so I followed her and let her develop the environment. We went down a hall and through the casino before boarding an elevator. She hit the button for one of the higher floors then, since we were alone, we were in each other's arms again, making out. My hands went immediately to her ass again, massaging it through her bikini bottom as my cock was regaining the stiffness it'd had in the pool. Since it was a long elevator ride, I brought one hand around between us and ran it over her pussy through her swimsuit, causing her to moan into my mouth. Given how hard my cock was, I expected that her pussy was probably incredibly wet and I planned to devour it whether that was part of her fantasy or not.

When we reached the floor where our room apparently was, we exited the elevator into an empty hallway, which was probably good since my swim trunks were tented out again. She led us to a room and it turned out that I had a key card in the pocket of my swim trunks so I unlocked the door and held it open for her. I followed her in, not bothering to lock it behind me, then stepped up behind her as we surveyed the large room. One entire wall was windows, giving us a spectacular view toward The Strip. The bed was positioned to make the most of the view and was quite large. Before we headed toward it, though, I cupped her tits from behind as I kissed her neck. She cocked her head to the side to give me more access then I paused briefly to untie the back of her bikini top and, as I slipped my hands up under it to cup her bare tits, she cocked her head the other way and I kissed the other side of her neck.

Her tits weren't huge but they were on the bigger side of average. I caressed the soft, smooth flesh and brushed my hands over her hard nipples while continuing to kiss her neck. I ended up untying the top of her bikini top with my teeth then pulled it away from her tits and tossed it aside. I moved around in front of her and, after briefly admiring her tits, lowered my head to lick and suck her hard, dark nipples. She moaned and held my head while I started to untie the bows on her hips. I dropped down to my knees in front of her and peeled her bikini bottom away from her body, revealing a neatly groomed black bush above her pussy, which was waxed smooth otherwise. I kissed her hips and abdomen then briefly sat back on my heels while admiring her naked body before standing.

I led her to the bed and had her sit on the end then dropped to my knees before her. She leaned back, supporting herself on her elbows, as she parted her legs. I gazed at her naked body again before lowering my head toward her pussy. I ran my tongue along her smooth slit, tasting the pungent juices she was abundantly producing and causing her to moan. After slurping up her juicy slit, I slipped a finger into her, finding her pussy to be fairly snug, while licking and sucking her clit. She moaned even louder while flopping backwards so she could grab my head as I slid my finger in and out. I hadn't mentioned how much easier and more pleasurable orgasms seemed to be in dreams but it didn't appear that it was going to take her very long to find out. She was rocking her hips as I continued eating her and, when I glanced up, I saw her tits squeezed between her arms and knew immediately that I'd be fucking them at some point.

I was grateful for the unexpected opportunity to eat a pussy that I hadn't previously considered eating and to provide pleasure to someone I'd never expected to before. The discovery of these abilities and their development continued to surprise me and I'd yet to identify a downside. The longer I was eating her, the louder and longer she was moaning and the wetter and more engorged her pussy was becoming. As much as I was looking forward to slipping my cock into her (and between her tits), I wasn't trying to push her toward an orgasm faster. Since time was irrelevant, I knew we had whatever time we needed available to enjoy and pleasure ourselves and each other. When she started to tense up, obviously on the verge of cumming, I didn't vary my technique to draw out the pleasure or try to bring her orgasm on any faster. I continued what I'd been doing and, after briefly going completely rigid, she went limp then her body started shaking as she cried out.

While she was cumming, I continued to eat her but, when she'd finished riding out what appeared to be a long and intensely pleasurable orgasm, I raised my head and slipped my finger from her pussy. I stood as I gazed upon her body again while sucking her nectar off of my finger. My swim trunks were tented out in front of me but I didn't make a move to start removing them yet; I was still just checking out her physique.

"Was that part of your fantasy?" I asked, when she finally opened her eyes.

"I think I probably skipped over that part," she said, sitting up and reaching for the drawstring of my swimsuit, "but riding your cock was definitely part of it."

Once she'd untied the drawstring, she lowered my swim trunks and my rigid tool popped out. She pumped it briefly then turned and crawled up the bed, stopping near the middle and waiting on her knees for me to join her. I followed her and, since she'd mentioned riding my cock, I flopped onto my back beside her. She immediately straddled me and guided my cock between her smooth lips, slowly lowering herself onto it while we both moaned. Her pussy felt outstanding, both snug and incredibly slippery. As she started riding me, I reached up to caress her tits. Her areolas were large and dark and her nipples thick and hard. Feeling the soft, smooth flesh against my hands just made me want to fuck them even more. As she picked up the pace and was riding me harder and faster, her tits were bouncing and I eventually ended up moving my hands so that I could watch them. I ran my hands around to caress her ass while I watched her bouncing tits.

I'd definitely been planning to utilize my abilities later that evening for some recon, to see some nudity and, hopefully, to get myself laid but to experience two out of three before I even made it home was, well it wasn't going to change my plans, but it was definitely a welcome bonus. The way things were going, there was definite potential for this to become a routine commuting activity, which would be equally welcome. Hopefully, if she was so horny that she'd been fantasizing about me, she'd be interested in some consistent sexual daydreams, as well. It didn't even cross my mind initially that we could actually just get together in real life but, truthfully, the daydreams offered a lot more options precisely because they weren't real life.

I was pushing up into her each time she dropped down on me, giving her the maximum penetration that I could manage, while still admiring her bouncing tits. I was admiring her body in general, as well as her face; she was cute and had a nice figure which made this unplanned daydream even sweeter. Of course her snug, slippery pussy may have been the very sweetest thing of all, and I don't just mean that in response to eating it. The longer she was riding my cock, the hotter her pussy felt and, although I knew it was because she was getting close to cumming, it was also bringing on my own orgasm. Based on the way it felt, the way she was riding me and the noises she was making, I was certain that she'd be cumming again before I did. This was fine, of course, especially given that we wouldn't even be doing this if it hadn't been for her.

When she finally dropped down on my cock and just sat there for a moment, she was briefly silent before gasping as her body started to shake. I watched the look of pleasure on her face and, since her tits weren't bouncing any longer, I brought my hands back around to fondle them some more. She did move up and down a couple of random times as she was cumming but appeared to be more focused on the pleasure she was feeling. I was more than happy that her fantasy was not only more or less a reality now, but also that it was apparently living up to its original incarnation. When she finally finished cumming, she sat there on my cock, catching her breath while I continued to fondle her titties. Once she opened her eyes, she smiled down at me then leaned down and kissed me. We made out but she didn't start riding me again; instead, she began to kiss her way down my body, my cock slipping out of her.

"I didn't do this in my fantasy," she confessed on her way down, "but I also didn't cum so hard so I think you've more than earned this."

When she reached my cock and was on her stomach between my legs, she pumped it a few times before engulfing it in her hot mouth. I moaned then pulled a couple of pillows over to prop up my head so that I could watch her. As she continued to gently pump the base while sliding her mouth up and down my shaft, I knew that it wouldn't be long before I was blowing a load down her throat. There was no possible way that I was going to stop her so that I could fuck her tits, so I knew we wouldn't be heading back to the train immediately once I'd spewed. Her cocksucking was not only enthusiastic but skillful as well. I was also getting the impression that she was enjoying the act of sucking my cock, though I doubted that it was as enjoyable for her as it was for me. I knew without a doubt, however, that this would not be the only time I'd be indulging in her oral talents.

I couldn't take my eyes off of her as she sucked my cock because the visual was nearly as arousing as the actual cocksucking. Even as my cock grew thicker the closer I got to cumming, she maintained her pace and her enthusiasm. She didn't try to draw it out but seemed more focused on just providing the highest level of pleasure, at which she was absolutely succeeding. I savored the build-up but I didn't try to hold off my orgasm any more than she did because I was expecting it to be pretty awesome. When I finally started spewing into her mouth, my expectation was confirmed. She continued to suck me off while swallowing my load as I experienced a highly pleasurable orgasm. Only once I was completely spent did she let my cock fall from her mouth and crawl up to lie beside me as I watched her tits swinging.

"If we went back right now," she asked, "we'd still be exactly where we were when we left, even with how much time we've spent here?"

"Exactly," I replied, "the people around us wouldn't even know that anything had happened."

"Well, I hope you're not quite ready to go back yet," she said, "because I'm quite enjoying this."

"We haven't had our shower yet," I replied, "so I don't believe either of us is ready."

"True but my fantasy started with the shower," she explained, "so we're already off script."

"I don't mind ad-libbing," I replied, "as long as I get to soap up this body and these beauties."

As I fondled her tits, I leaned in to kiss her. Lying side-by-side, we were making out and caressing each other but, even in a daydream, I wasn't going to be ready to go again that quickly. It was okay, though, because we just relaxed and chatted and enjoyed the view as we were both recovering. She asked me about my experience with daydreams and leaving my body so I gave her the abridged version, leaving out that I'd mostly been using it to see women naked and have sex with them. I also gave her some pointers and suggestions to try it for herself since she was clearly open to it, though I didn't suggest that she try to visit me. I said that we could talk about her successes and other experiences when we see each other on the train but that we should have a plan before we try to go to either of our daydreams since I had no idea what would happen if we both tried to take us somewhere but they happened to be different destinations.

"Okay, enough shop talk," I finally said, starting to get up, "I'm ready to lather you up."

We climbed off of the bed and headed for the bathroom where there was a huge shower with multiple shower heads. I turned the water on and got the temperature adjusted while she grabbed the body wash provided by the hotel. We both stepped under the spray and, once we were thoroughly wet, we each took a handful of body wash, got a good lather going and started to spread it all over each other. As I focused most of my lathering on her tits, she did likewise with my cock, which was soon fully rigid.

"You want to fuck them, don't you?" she finally asked. I just nodded without even looking up so she dropped down to squat before me and squeezed her tits against my throbbing cock. I knew this also wasn't part of her original fantasy so I appreciated her indulging me and planned to make it worth her while before we were finished. I moaned as I started to slowly slide my soapy cock between her soapy tits, amazed at how incredible it felt. I realized that the position wasn't ideal for her so I wasn't planning to fuck them long enough to spew on them. Little did I realized that there was something else she was planning that would be equally, if not more, pleasurable.
