 I woke up the next morning with the sun shining through the window. I was somewhat disoriented and panicked, thinking that I was supposed to be in the office. I quickly recovered and remembered I was officially on vacation. I also remembered that JC was supposed to be lying next to me, but her side of the bed was empty. Oh well, what did I expect, a long term engagement? I had suspected her grandmother of setting us up and I guess she got what she needed. I lay in bed for a while. It was the first time in a very long time that I had done that. I looked out the window and just lost myself in the fact I had absolutely nothing to do. I was completely lost in my own mind when I heard "So, you finally decided to join the land of the living."

I looked over at the door and there was JC, wearing one of my shirts and sipping a hot cup of coffee. "I hope you don't mind, but it was either this or my dress from last night."

"Not at all. That's probably the best that shirt ever looked." And did it ever look good. It was one of my dress shirts and it hung just below her waist. She had only a couple of buttons done and the way she was standing I was able to get a great view of her side boob. 

"I hope you don't mind, but I helped myself to some coffee. You don't really have much else around to eat though. Just some toast and butter." I was so busy, I hadn't even done any shopping and was surprised I even had that much. 

"Sorry, I didn't really spend much time here the past few months. When I did, it was mostly to sleep. I'm surprised you found coffee." I was just lying there staring at her. It was just like the movies where the sexy starlet is standing in the door. She even had the pose perfect. She walked over to the side of the bed and sat down. 

"I had a great night last night. Better then I'd had in a long time. I thought about just leaving, but I remembered you saying you were getting some time off, so I thought maybe we could hang out together. What do you say?"

"I have no problem with that. I actually thought you had left and was just lying here. If I'd known you were still here I'd have gotten out of bed sooner."

"Oh, I didn't mean for you to get out of bed yet." And with that she put the mug down on the night stand, unbuttoned the few buttons on the shirt, dropped it to the floor and climbed under the sheets with me. "As a matter of fact, I fully expect you to stay in bed for the next several hours." She had reached down and grabbed my dick while she said that. Her eyes were glowing and they were back to that deep blue color again. She didn't waste any time. Since I was already hard from staring at her in the doorway, she felt it was time to start the activities. "I hope you don't mind, but I've got this itch I need scratched." She then swung her leg over me, positioned my dick at the entrance to her pussy and slid all the way down till I was fully buried inside her. Her pussy was steaming as it slid the length of my dick, but then she didn't move. "I love a hard dick first thing in the morning. Makes a girl feel alive." She was leaning over me and her tits were swinging just above my chest. I reached up and grabbed her head, pulled it down and kissed her savagely. Still she didn't move, just lay there with my dick buried inside her. I decided to let her make the move to continue, so I just kept kissing her. Her mouth was hot and her body started to move slowly. I ran my hands down her back, grabbed a handful of hair and then pulled back till I had her neck exposed. Then I started to kiss down her neck to her collarbone. This seemed to get her moving and her hips started to gyrate just enough to slide my dick in and out just a little. 

She was driving me crazy like that. She was moving just enough to give me a nice sensation, but not enough to drive me wild. But this seemed to work for her, so I let her go. I pulled her hair back further so that she was arching just a little and I was able to kiss further down so the top of her tits. With my free hand I started to play with her nipples. This caused her to let out little mewing noises. It also made her start to move even more on my dick. But I wanted more, so I let go of her hair and reached further down to grab her tight ass. This actually caused her to slow down. She was staring at me with a devilish grin. She knew what she was doing. "Are you going to ride me or do you need some encouragement?"

I got an almost evil grin at that. "What kind of encouragement are you talking about?" Suddenly I spanked her hard. This caused her to grunt, but she still didn't really start to move. This time I spanked her harder. She grunted again, but now came to a complete stop with me completely buried inside of her. "That's not very encouraging" she said.

I thought of trying to flip her over, but decided on another tactic. I grabbed each of her ass cheeks and spread them wide. Then with the middle finger of my right hand, I rubber her little rosebud. This is what she wanted. Now her hips started to move, so I slipped my finger into her ass. This time she arched her back and let out a low growl. Her pussy spasmed slightly and her hips really started to move. "I like that. Your finger feels so good." I slipped my finger in deeper and wiggled it around and now she was going. "Oh yeah, fuck my ass with your finger. I love it." I pulled it out so that just the finger tip was inside her and wiggled some more. Then I moved a second finger to her opening, then slid both fingers inside of her. "Ohhh, that's it. You're going to make me cum. I love having my ass filled like that, especially with your hard dick in my pussy. Ohhhh." She was now moving fast and really fucking my dick. "Make me cum on your dick. Make me squirt my cum all over. That's it, fuck my ass." She was almost screaming now and her ass was just flying all over my dick. Then I stuck a third finger into her ass and this time pinched one of her nipples. She was done. Her scream had to be heard out on the street and she just flooded my cock. She was out of control and just thrashing around. At some point my dick came out of her, but she didn't even notice. Then she grabbed my wrist of the fingers that were fucking her ass and pulled them away. Once she was free, she just rolled over and pulled me on top of her. 

She was breathing heavy and her eyes were wild. She reached between us, grabbed my dick and placed it at the entrance to her pussy. "Now fuck me and fuck me hard. My pussy is yours. Do what ever you want." I didn't need any other encouragement and just started to jackhammer into her. She was grunting with each stroke and urging me on. "Cum in me. Coat me with your cum. Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit. Give it to me." And she kept up like that for a while longer. Then she was just moaning. I was fucking her so hard hard now, our bodies were making slapping noises. "Harder. Fuck me harder, make me cum, I'm so close, fuck me harder." So now I started to fuck her like I was trying to go through her. I shifted my position just a little and suddenly I was close. I got up on my knees and knew I wasn't far. I reached down and rubbed her clit. That did it for her and she came again. Her pussy gripped me hard and that was all I could take. I came, grunting with each shot till I finally shot my last shot. 

Only then did I slow down. I was in a kneeling position, moving my hips so that my dick was moving in and out. I just watched for a bit, then saw my cum start to leak out of her. She was just lying there, her eyes closed and her head to one side. She was breathing heavy still and I could almost see her heart beating in her chest. I looked down again to where we were joined. It was a pretty incredible sight. Her pussy was still wrapped around my dick. Her lips were swollen and I could still see her clit poking out. I scanned up her body and saw that it was covered in just a slight sheen of sweat. Her tits actually looked bigger and her nipples were poking out. When I got to her face, I realized she'd been watching me.

"I don't think I've ever had a guy examine me like you just did. That was extremely sexy."

"Well, you're extremely sexy to examine."

"I bet you say that to all the girls you've just fucked into oblivion."

"I have to say, you may be the first." That got a smile out of her. She reached out to me and I moved over her. I leaned down and kissed her tenderly. "So, what's your plan for the rest of the day?"

"I was thinking about having a quick nap, then some more of this, then maybe some sort of food, then some more of this, then maybe some lunch." She gave me that devilish smile again. "Of course maybe a shower would be nice. And I should probably call Paula to tell her I'm OK."

I reached over for my phone and she called Paula. "Hi, its me." "Oh yeah, I'm great. I'm over at John's." "Nana, what kind of thing is that to say to your favorite granddaughter?" "NO, I'm not going to tell you that." "I feel great. I should have let you set me up sooner." "Oh, at some point today, I just don't know when." "OK, I will. Talk to you later. Bye"

"I never knew my Nana had such a dirty mind." She was blushing at whatever Paula had said. "So, I've changed my mind. Can we take a shower now, get something to eat, then come back to bed? Or where ever else you'd like to take advantage of me."

"Take advantage? I hardly think you were coerced in any way." 

She laughed at that. "No, not coerced. But you certainly took advantage of an extremely horny girl who'd had few glasses of wine. And really, really needed to get laid in the worst way."

"Way to make me feel good. And I thought you were with me because of my charm."

"Oh, believe me, the only type of guy that would get to take advantage of me was one that was worthy. And you certainly are worthy. Now where's that shower."

We made our way to the bathroom, I grabbed some towels and turned on the water. I knew it would take a few minutes to warm up. When I turned around, JC was staring at me. "So, how does a 40 year old guy that works eighty hours a week keep himself in shape?" 

"I learned a while back you had to take care of your body. I started to have back problems, went to a physical therapist who taught me you didn't need a gym membership to stay in shape. Most of what I do is body weight stuff and takes about thirty minutes a day. It's the first thing I do each morning, along with yoga."

She smiled at me. "So, does what we did just now count towards your workout?"

"Well, that was mostly cardio. I'll show you some body weight stuff later." She was starting to get to me again. We hadn't put any clothes on and she was just sitting on the counter with no clothes on. I walked over to her and just started kissing her. She had amazing lips and I just continued to suck on them. She actually gave a small little mew. I reached up and started to play with a nipple, then the other. Her eyes were closed and her head was tilted just a little bit. It was starting to get steamy in the bathroom now, so I walked over to the shower, turned the water down and stepped into the shower. I then held my hand out to her and she stepped in. It was a large shower with multiple heads, so we were both able to get under the water. We came together for a long, hot kiss, and now the bathroom was getting steamy for another reason. I felt her reach her hand down and grab my dick. It was already semi-hard and her stroking brought it back to full hardness. I reached down between her legs. She was still sopping wet from our sexcapades from just a few minutes ago. I made her turn around and put one foot on the edge of the ledge in the shower. We were actually facing out towards the sink and I was able to see her body in the mirror. Her tits were amazing to look at and when I pushed her to lean down, they barely moved at all. I lined my dick with her pussy and started to push into her. She grabbed the side to help her keep balance and then looked over her shoulder at me. Looking into her eyes almost made me cum right there. They were full of lust and burning with desire. I slowly pushed my way into her. I saw her wince just a litte.

"Are you OK?"

"Yeah, just a little sore. It's been a very long time since I've been really fucked, and you're much bigger then anyone else I've been with." I pushed in some more and she winced again. This time I just pulled out. "I'm sorry, I just need a little time to recover. I promise I'll be ready for more." Now her eyes were sad and I saw tears forming.

"It's OK. We have plenty of time." I turned her around to face me and gave her a huge kiss. This seemed to make her feel better. Her hand found my dick again and she started to stroke it. "I see your still ready to go. I do know one way to make it up to you." With that, she got on her knees, took my cock and deep throated me in one try. Then she pulled off and did it again. The whole time she was looking at me with those deep blue eyes. A few more sucks and I pulled her up. She looked confused, but I just kissed her. I pinned her against the wall and devoured her mouth. 

Now she was getting hot. Her body was moving against mine. I could feel her nipples rubbing my chest and her hips were pushing on mine. I reached down between us and found her pussy was dripping wet again. I kissed down her body, stopping briefly to give each tit a long kiss, then continued down her body. When I got down to her pussy, I lifted one leg and put it over my shoulder. This opened her up enough to give me good access to her pussy. Her lips were puffy and her clit was sticking out of its hood. I gave her clit some small kisses which caused her to dig her fingers into my shoulder and let out a long moan. Then I took her clit into my mouth and gave it a long suck while my tongue did circles. This time her moan was long and deep and her hips almost knocked me over. I could feel both the shower and her juices running down my face. I did this one more time and she pulled me to my feet, bent over, reached between her legs to grab my dick. She then lined it up with her pussy and pushed back hard. Instead of me going slowly, she was fucking me hard. No more wincing. My attention to her clit got her going enough to lubricate. But now she was doing the fucking. We were facing the mirrors again and she was looking over her shoulder. 

"And I thought this was for you" she said. 

"It is." I grabbed her hips and started to fuck her back. Her head went back and her mouth opened in to moan, but nothing came out. My hips were just pumping away and I was just fucking now. I leaned over and reached around her to tweak her clit. This caused her to moan again and then her hand replaced mine on her clit and she was rubbing. She looked back over her shoulder again, but her eyes were mostly shut. The noises coming from her mouth were just grunts, moans and purrs now. I was able to watch her tits bounce around with each stroke and saw that the nipples were sticking straight out. I reached up and grabbed some soap. Her ass was staring at me too and I had a real dirty thought.

"Have you ever been fucked in the ass?" She stopped moving and her eyes opened wide. I was still stroking in and out of her pussy and must have been rubbing a good spot. She tried to speak twice before finally say "No, but I want you to. Feeling your fingers before was the greatest feeling and I could only imagine what your dick in me would feel like. But not right now. When we're in the bed and I don't have to worry about falling. I promise."

I smiled. "OK, but I'm going to hold you to that." She just smiled at me. "OK, then finish fucking me now." With that, I picked up the speed and was soon getting close. "I'm almost there." She reached back, grabbed my balls and gave them a squeeze. That did it. "OH SHIT" I screamed as I shot one more load inside of her. I pumped a couple more times, then she slid off me, turned around and was crushing me against the wall.

"You really know how to make a woman feel like a woman." And she was covering my entire face with kisses. "You have no idea how long it's been since I've felt like this. I feel alive for the first time in years and all I want to do it keep it going."

"Believe me, you are all woman and you really know how to make a guy feel like a man." We kissed for a while longer, then soaped each other good. Once we were both satisfied with our cleaning, we stepped out of the shower, dried off. Back in my bedroom, I found some clothes for her to wear. The shirt wasn't much of a problem, but the pants were. I found an old pair of running shorts with a tie that she used. Even dressed in an over-large t-shirt and loose running shorts she was still stunning. She had her long hair in a pony tail and borrowed one of my hats. I always thought women in baseball caps were sexy and she didn't disappoint.

We were both starving now and decided the best thing to do was go somewhere extremely casual. There was a sub shop down the street, so we walked down, ordered some food and sat down. "So, why are you divorced?"

Boy, she really went for the jugular. "To put it simply, she was too self absorbed. Everything had to be about her. It didn't matter what we spoke about, did, ate, it had to be about her and I couldn't do that. Even our sex was all about her."

She didn't believe me. I could see it in her eyes. "Did you think our sex was about you or me?" I asked her.

"Neither, yet at times about you and times about me."

"Exactly. Sometimes I gave to you and sometimes you gave to me and sometimes it was about both. With my ex, it was always about her. I gave her oral, I touched her, I did everything to her. She never did for me except to lay back and let me finish. And she even made that about her. I'd get, 'At least I let you finish, shouldn't I get points for that?' all the time." She still didn't believe or understand what I was saying. I tried to explain some more. "When we were in the shower, and it started to hurt you, you turned around and at least started to give to me. My ex never would have done that. If it was uncomfortable, we stopped. We never had sex unless she was in the mood. Haven't you ever had sex, even though you weren't really interested at the moment?"

"I guess so. But I'll warn you now, there are very few times that I'm not interested. As a matter of fact, I'm ready to go right now." I just stared at her. She took a bite of her sandwich. Even that she made sexy. This girl was amazing. A live wet dream. 

"Think you'd ever get married again?"

"I have no idea. I wouldn't rule it out. I like having someone in my life, but at the same time, it's hard because of work. Of course, most of my projects aren't like this last one. I guess if the right person came around, I'd consider it again."

She was quiet after that, so I just finished my sandwich. The conversation actually made me a little nervous. That last question was a bit odd considering I'd only known her for less than a day. I was hoping it was just for conversation and not going to make me regret what we'd done. She seemed to pick up on my sudden nervousness.

"Oh, I'm sorry if me asking about marriage made you feel uneasy. It wasn't meant to make you think that I wanted to get married. I'm not some silly girl who thinks I have to marry the next guy that's nice to me. I was actually asking to get a feel for who you were. Obviously you came out of your marriage in one piece. That's not always the case with the guys I meet."

I took a deep breath of relief at that. At least she was conscious to the fact that it made me nervous. And she didn't seem to have some other motive in asking me. I felt much better suddenly. She was kind of lost in thought at that moment.

"Well, what about you? Did your ex kill your desire to get married?"

She just looked at me for a minute. Her eyes seemed distant, but then quickly refocused. "Yes. When I first broke up with him I was devastated. I'd given him seven good years of my life and the last five were promised to live happily ever after. But he never fulfilled that promise and it killed something inside me. Then to find out it had all been a joke hurt me deeply. For the last couple of months I was in a very dark, lonely place. I have no idea what made me come here this weekend. Something in what my Nana said about you sparked something, so I decided to take a chance. Now I'm glad I did. And I have to admit, being with you, even for one day, has rekindled my desire to be with someone." Her eyes were sparkling. She kind of left it open, but I understood the message. She lived several hours away and there was no way either of us could make it work. But at least we could have fun this weekend, and maybe other weekends to come. 
