 Note: you will understand this story a lot better if you read Part One first.

***

Chapter Eight

Fortunately, I didn't miss it when the day came that Debbie pulled that polka-dot dress from her closet and slipped into it for an afternoon out. I don't know if she had dreams in mind when she decided not to wear any undergarments or if that's just how she normally would wear it but I liked the dress even more when that was all she was wearing. It tied behind her neck so she'd have to have worn a strapless bra anyway and, once she decided to go braless, maybe forgoing the panties just made sense. Rather than following her around all day, I just checked in on her place occasionally and, when I found her home, I stuck around. She eventually parked herself on the couch so I just had to wait it out until the TV started putting her into a coma. This time I went with shorts again but no underwear, no zipper and no other fasteners; nothing but elastic.

When she started to doze, I reached over to caress her tits through her dress. It turned out that there was significant support provided by the dress so it was no wonder she'd skipped wearing a bra. Since I'd watched her put it on, I knew that, in addition to tying behind her neck, there was a short zipper in the back. She looked over at me and smiled as I was caressing her tits but, because the significant support utilized quite a bit of material, I could barely even feel her hard nipples through the dress so I decided to expose them. When I started to untie the strap behind her neck, Debbie leaned forward, knowing that I'd also need to unzip it. With both things done, I pulled the top of the dress down to expose her tits then lowered my head to lick and suck her nipples as I fondled them. She moaned and ran her fingers through my hair so I was assuming that her pussy, if not wet already, was getting there. I decided to change things up this time and not go down on her first.

I straightened up and slipped my shorts off, my rigid cock standing straight up. Debbie reached for it and was pumping it as I shed my t-shirt. Once I was naked, I had her straddle me, still half-wearing her dress. I guided my cock to her pussy strictly by sense of touch and she lowered herself onto it, both of us moaning. Her snug pussy was incredibly hot and wet and easily engulfed my tool as she sat on my lap. I went back to fondling her tits and, after a moment or two, she started to move up and down on my cock. Had she just remained seated there as I played with her tits, I'd still have been quite content but, feeling her pussy on my cock while I enjoyed them was just outstanding. Based on the sounds she was making and the expression on her face, she was thoroughly enjoying it, as well.

The longer she was riding my cock, the harder she was riding it so, when her titties started to bounce, I stopped fondling them and just watched, mesmerized. I reached under her dress and caressed her ass while she rode me, pushing up into her each time she dropped down on me. She was obviously on her way to an orgasm so I was glad that not eating her pussy first didn't impact the level of pleasure she was feeling. I wasn't sure if a second orgasm was typically easier for a woman to achieve than a first one but she seemed to be doing just as well fucking me as she had when I'd gone down on her. Of course, I still intended to eat her pussy again and I couldn't leave without fucking those luscious tits but I definitely wanted her to cum as much as possible.

She was getting louder and riding me harder, her pussy getting hotter and wetter, as she built up toward her orgasm while I just enjoyed the feel of her pussy and the visual of her bouncing tits. I kept up with her pace, continuing to push up into her until she dropped down on my cock and just sat there. She held her breath until, a moment later, she let out a cry and started shaking. I brought my hands back around to fondle her tits as she was cumming, wanting to take advantage of every opportunity, not knowing when the next one would be. She remained seated on my cock until she'd finished cumming and had caught her breath then stood and shimmied her dress over her hips, her tits bouncing again. As her dress dropped to her ankles and she kicked it aside, I gazed at both her tits and her trim, brown bush.

"I'm going to suck your cock now," she announced, in a voice sexy enough that it would have made my cock hard if it hadn't been already.

"Well I'm going to eat your pussy," I replied, "What do you think of that?"

"You saying that almost made me cum again," she nearly moaned, "Let's do this."

I got up so she could be on the bottom because it would be easier to straddle her and fuck her tits that way after I made her cum with my tongue. I positioned myself over her and, as I was admiring her trim, brown bush again, she engulfed my cock in her hot mouth, causing me to moan. Since she wasn't wasting any time, and I wanted her to cum first so I could fuck her tits, I ran my tongue along her slit, tasting the copious juices that were flowing from it. She moaned as I was lapping at her pussy but she moaned louder and longer when I slipped a finger into her and licked her clit. I didn't go full bore trying to make her cum quickly but I did focus on providing her with as much pleasure as I could manage. At the same time, of course, I was enjoying the feel of her hot mouth sliding up and down my cock. I wasn't getting close to cumming yet but it wouldn't take long with her oral skills.

Although I was obviously fascinated by Debbie's big boobs, her snug pussy and her talent for cocksucking were also noteworthy. Of course, being the fan of eating pussy that I was, I also liked getting my face down there, not just to pleasure her but for my own enjoyment, as well. As such, since I hadn't eaten her pussy yet during that visit, I wanted to indulge myself for a bit before she came and we moved on. I was slowly sliding my finger in and out while licking and sucking her clit as I continued to appreciate the skill with which she was sucking my cock. I didn't want to hold off her orgasm so, when it was clear that she was getting closer, I just kept up what I was doing and savored it while I could. I still wasn't quite close to cumming myself, which was good, and when she was about to cum, she stopped sucking my cock anyway, which helped. Her pussy was getting even wetter and more engorged just before she let out a cry and her body started shaking. I continued eating her, enjoying every second of it, but slipped my finger out once she'd gone still after another long and intense orgasm.

Before she went back to sucking my cock and tempted me to finish in her mouth, I got up and turned then straddled her, laying my cock between her luscious tits. She was still recovering so I squeezed her tits gently together against my cock and started to slowly fuck her cleavage. The feel of her soft, smooth skin against my throbbing cock was exceptional and I was absolutely glad I had made a point to enjoy it again. Of course feeling her tits in my hands was a treat, as well, so as I was fucking them I was also fondling them and brushing my thumbs over her hard nipples. She was watching my cock disappearing into and reappearing from her cleavage while my attention went from that to just admiring her freckled tits to checking out her expression. Her mouth would occasionally open slightly and her tongue would poke out which got me wondering whether I should cum on her chest or slip my cock into her mouth again and finish there. I definitely enjoyed her cocksucking and it would be less messy so, if I could bring myself to stop fucking her luscious tits, I decided I'd finish off with a blowjob.

I maintained a slow pace, savoring the building pleasure, but my orgasm was building up so I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. My cock was becoming thicker the closer I got to cumming but, before I was ready to start spewing onto her sternum, I somehow managed to release her tits and move forward, guiding my cock toward her mouth. She opened her mouth and accepted it as I moaned, feeling the hot wetness engulf my tool. I didn't really need to fuck her mouth because she was immediately sliding it up and down my shaft while pumping the base. My orgasm continued to build but even faster so I was savoring the last few moments because I knew I was just about done. The pleasure was intense, especially when I started spurting into her mouth. While I was moaning, she was swallowing my load and nursing every drop of cum out of me.

Once I was fully spent and starting to soften, I moved back and climbed off of her then helped her to sit up. I sat beside her on the couch but didn't try to get her back into her dress, nor did I get dressed myself.

"This doesn't feel like any dream I've ever experienced," she finally said, "and I am totally fine with that. I don't care what it is, whether it's a dream or not, I just want it to keep happening."

I was happy that she felt that way and, theoretically, I could come back every single night but I didn't really think that would be a good idea, as much as I was enjoying myself. First, it would obviously become clear that it wasn't a dream the longer it went on so that would have to be dealt with and, second, if she was getting her needs taken care of in her "dreams," she would never need to go out and actually interact with real people.

"I'll be back," I told her, "you couldn't keep me away, but I can't predict what will trigger my return. I think patience and not trying too hard will be key."

She was already starting to zone out again, whether because she was just tired, worn out from the sex or maybe it was just the power of suggestion that the dream was over, I don't know. That she was figuring out that something unusual was happening wasn't going to keep me away; I definitely intended to continue visiting her. There were still a lot of women on my list, however, so I would keep tabs on her but I also was still getting some useful information from my reconnaissance.

Chapter Nine

Maybe it was because of my age but it seemed like a lot of the women I was interested in visiting required quite a bit of recon because just about all of them were married with children. Even the single moms and divorced moms, in spite of kids' bedtimes, were not as carefree as Debbie; they were often worried about being interrupted. While it might have been tempting to avoid women with children and/or spouses, my urge was just too strong for some of these women once I started considering them. Of course, there were opportunities when the husband was not around that I carefully watched for and there were even occasions when the children were out of the picture.

An opportunity with Neha presented itself not because her husband was out of town for work but because he was going away with "the boys" for the weekend. They had kids, who would still be around, but the kids were also old enough to respect their parents' privacy and not need much supervision. Neha and I had gone to college together and she went from her long-term college boyfriend to her husband so I never got a chance to see if the flirting we did would ever amount to anything else. I figured a dream about me would determine that so, the night that her husband was gone, I waited until she was starting to doze while sitting in bed reading then appeared. I maintained my current appearance, which she'd recognize from social media even though we hadn't seen each other in years, but was dressed as I would have been back in college, which I thought would make me seem more dreamlike. I was pleasantly surprised by Neha's reaction when she saw me lying there beside her. She was confused for a moment but apparently then just decided to go with it.

"This must be a dream," she said as she set her magazine aside, "and it has been a long time coming."

She got up on her knees beside me, paused for a moment, then leaned down and kissed me. As our tongues soon entered each other's mouths, she reached down to massage the bulge in my acid-washed jeans. Feeling that I was already rigid, she straightened up and unfastened my jeans, extracting my cock easily since I wasn't wearing underwear. She pumped it, leaned down to lick and briefly suck it, then started working my jeans off. I slipped out of my t-shirt and, once I was naked, she whipped off her pajama top, exposing her brown breasts and dark nipples. Her tits were nicely sized and, though probably not as high and firm as they'd been back in college, I was still anxious to get my hands on them. She stood on the bed and dropped the pajama bottoms, revealing a well-groomed black bush, then straddled me and lowered herself onto my cock. We both moaned softly since there were kids in the house then she started to ride me.

I fondled her tits until her pace increased to where her tits were bouncing then switched to caressing her ass while watching them. Her pussy was very hot and wet so of course I was enjoying the feel of it moving up and down my cock but she was clearly enjoying the feel of my cock inside her, too. She rode me hard until her orgasm hit and she seemed to go temporarily into slow motion then she sat there on my cock as she recovered. Rather than going back to riding me, climbed off of my cock and turned around, straddling my head as she reached for my cock. I gazed up at her trim bush above me then raised my head and ran my tongue along her slit, causing her to moan. She responded by engulfing my cock in her mouth and sliding her lips up and down my shaft while pumping the base. I loved how this "dream" was going.

It didn't take much of her cocksucking before I was on the verge of cumming but it seemed like she was about there as well. I ended up cumming first, spurting into her mouth as she swallowed my load. I was sliding my finger in and out of her increasingly hotter and wetter pussy as I was cumming and, once I was spent, went back to licking and sucking her clit. With her focus solely on her own pleasure, it was just a moment later that she gasped and started shaking as she came. I continued to devour her pussy until she climbed off of me and lay beside me.

"This is the most realistic sex dream I've ever had," she said, "I'm going to have to get you into my subconscious more often."

"Whenever you need me," I replied, "I'll be happy to experience that again."

We chatted a bit more then she started dozing again and I made myself scarce soon after. I had a similar experience around the same time with another old friend who was married with kids. While her husband wasn't away, per se, he was camping out in the backyard with their two boys. I knew there was a chance that he or they could come back inside during Lisa's "dream" but I had to take a shot. We'd known each other for a long time and had fooled around a bit while we were in college but she'd never sucked my cock, I'd never fucked her big, succulent tits and we'd never gone all the way. I figured it was about time we experienced those things and I thought that she'd be into it in a dream, where it wouldn't be cheating.

When it seemed like her husband and the boys were pretty settled in out in the tent and would be sleeping soon, I went up to Lisa's bedroom and waited as she fiddled around on her tablet for a bit. She was in bed wearing a nightshirt that could barely contain her big tits so I was looking forward to having my hands on them again after so many years. She was a short but curvy girl and a bit of a late bloomer sexually, which is why we never quite got all the way to having sex together, though I had eaten her to a few orgasms. To my frustration, I'd only received a handy-j in return. I was looking forward to resolving that disparity.

When she was on the verge of dozing, with her tablet still active, I did like with Patti and put it to sleep then started fondling her tits as I lay beside her. Her nipples were immediately rigid and, when she opened her eyes, she seemed more confused by her tablet having gone to sleep than by me being next to her with my hand on her tit.

"Oh, I..." she started as she looked from her tablet to me. I leaned in and ran my tongue along her ear, causing her to suck in her breath, then dropped my hand down between her legs. She parted them for me and I lightly caressed her clit while she softly moaned. I don't know if she made a conscious decision to just go with it or not but she set her tablet aside then brought her lips to mine and we started making out. Dipping my finger into her pussy, she was clearly well worked up so it was time that we finally fucked. I pulled my lips away from hers as I got onto my knees, my shorts tented out in front of me and attracting her attention. I started pulling her nightshirt up so she sat up and raised her arms, letting me get her naked. Her bush was well-groomed but I wasn't expecting to bury my face in it, at least not on that visit.

I tossed her nightshirt aside then lay on my back beside her and started sliding my shorts down, once again with elastic only and no underwear. She got up onto her knees, my attention drawn to her bouncing tits, and took over sliding my shorts down, my rigid cock springing out. She slid them the rest of the way off, briefly pumped my cock then lowered her head and licked it before engulfing it in her hot mouth. She only sucked it for a moment but it was long enough to let me know that I'd want her to do it some more. She straightened up again and straddled me, still holding onto my cock, then guided it toward her trim, dark bush. Lining it up, she lowered herself onto it and we both moaned as my cock was engulfed in her hot, wet pussy.

As with pretty much everyone else I'd visited in their dreams, I fondled Lisa's succulent tits as she was riding my cock until her pace was such that her tits were bouncing. At that point, I moved my hands around to caress her ass while watching them. She rode me hard until she came, her orgasm apparently quite intensely pleasurable, but once she'd finished cumming, I rolled her to the side. With her on her back, I straddled her and lay my cock between her big tits. She held them together for me to fuck them and I savored the pleasure of the soft, smooth flesh against my throbbing cock. My orgasm had started building as she'd been fucking me and continued now as I fucked her tits. The level of pleasure that I was experiencing, as well as Lisa's enthusiasm, made me certain that this had been a great idea.

When I was pretty close to cumming, I slipped my cock from between her tits and moved forward, guiding it toward her mouth. She released her tits and reached for it, opening her mouth to engulf it once again. Again her enthusiasm showed as she sucked me off while pumping the base and cupping my balls. I relished her oral skill as my orgasm continued to build and my cock grew even thicker. Her efforts were not impacted and she continued to suck me off, even as I started spurting into her mouth. She swallowed my load and, once I was spent, I moved back then lay beside her.

"I wish I could dream like this every time I'm alone," she said, "I'll happily take some dream sex since it is so difficult to get any real sex with two young boys."

"I'll do whatever I can," I replied, "but don't be shy about trying to invite me into your subconscious when you know you're going to have some alone time."

"I'm not even sure how I'd do that," she replied.

"I bet some reminiscing with the real me wouldn't hurt," I suggested, "and maybe a little discussing of what might have been."

"You think you'd be open to that?" she asked.

"We've been friends forever, we fooled around back in the day," I replied, "there's no reason why I wouldn't still be interested in those aspects of our relationship just because we're older. In fact, I might be intrigued."
