 Imagine dreaming about a co-worker. It doesn't seem like that odd of an idea. But because of this co-worker my life has taken on a completely different characteristic. I'm to the point where I don't even know who I am anymore.

It started a year ago; I had just been hired to the IT Sales department. I was a young kid just out of college, looking for my way in life. My first day on the job I met a woman. She was wearing a pretty bland work-office uniform. Longer skirt, a white button up shirt, and suit jacket. I wouldn't have normally noticed her, but when I first saw her she was bent over grabbing a paper that had fallen from the office printer. As she bent over, I saw a light blue thong that suggested everything BUT being a regular office lady.

I went home that night, and could think of nothing but this woman. I didn't even know her name, but in my dreams she came to me. I would be lying in bed, half asleep and I'd hear a knock on the door. She'd push it open, wearing that business suit. Upon coming into my bedroom she would slowly strip; taking off her suit jacket, and then unbuttoning the shirt one button at a time while licking her lips. She would pull up her skirt teasingly to just below her panties, feeling her pussy through her skirt. 

Until the buttons were all undone, then she would play with her bra under her shirt. Finally she would completely take off the shirt, stepping closer to my bed, unzip her skirt and let it fall to the floor. Left in just her underwear, she would slowly unfasten her bra, teasing me as she uncovered just a small bit of her areola. Finally, she would drop her bra to the floor and begin playing with her pussy through her panties. 

Turning around I could see her cute ass, she would bend over showing me her asshole around her thong, asking to be fucked. Playing with her clit she would watch me through her open legs, her long blond hair hanging under her. She would turn around, place her knee on my bed; call my name as she stuck her hand into her underwear. I could hear her breathing deeply as she played with herself. 

Finally, she would cum at the foot of my bed, her light blue thong dripping with her wetness. Then I would wake up and it would be morning. It was very frustrating; as I just wanted to touch her, make her cum with my hands.

One morning, as I walked into work I spotted her in the break room. I ran in determined to find out her name. I walked straight up to her; her back was turned to me as she was getting a cup of coffee from the machine. "Umm," I called, trying to come up with the words to say to her.

"Hi," she turned around, smiling at my shyness. As she moved to walk around me, behind her shirt peered an uncovered nipple. I saw through the open space between buttons on her shirt. The perfect pink nipple stared up at me for an instant, asking to be licked. I couldn't believe what I had seen. As I sat there in contemplation she left the room, when I looked up to make conversation she was long gone. 

My dreams continued for weeks, barely changing. Every night would be the same thing, she would inch closer to me, removing piece after piece of clothing. Until she would get to my bed, get off, and then I would wake up. The longer this happened, I began waking up with such a hard on I would have to masturbate in the shower. Eyes closed I imagining her reaching out to my cock on her knees in the shower with me. Pulling it into her warm mouth as she wrapped her tongue around my head. Stroking back and forth she would bring me closer and closer to orgasm. Finally, I would explode cum spurting into her face, into her mouth, and onto her perfectly perky breasts. Then, when I'd open my eyes, I would be alone in the shower with cum on my feet. 

Going to work started to cause me physical pain, as I would see her in the hall my penis would leap through my pants at her. I had to relieve myself several times a day on average, just to keep my mind on the work at hand. As I began to make friends at work I would ask them who she was. No one really knew, she was quiet and reserved. 

Sitting in a meeting one Thursday, I was surprised as she pulled up the seat across from me. Throughout the whole meeting, my eyes kept flickering to her. Suddenly, I felt someone's bare feet rubbing up my leg under my pants. They had warm soft feet, in my mind I imagined her unzipping my pants under the table, pulling out my hard cock and sucking it into her mouth. Playing with my balls as she sucked and licked at me. 

"Mr. John," the director called my name. I returned to reality, her foot still massaging my leg, climbing higher and higher. 

"Yes sir, sorry," I said looking up to the Director.

"It was a complement. Keep up the good work," he smiled at me. The room applauded. Blushing I felt her foot reach my hard penis under the table, my eyes darted straight to her face as she felt my hard cock with her foot. If it was her, she didn't give any hint. She sat in her chair calmly listening to the meeting. Looking across the table I tried to investigate who else could be feeling me, coming up with no one.

As we left the meeting, she followed me out. Walking to the bathroom to deal with my erection I heard her footsteps behind me. I turned to look, and she was gone. "Damn," I said to myself as I walked into the bathroom stall. I pulled out my huge hard penis and started stroking. Suddenly, the door opened. I stopped instantly, listening. 

"What are you doing this weekend?" I heard a woman's voice in the hallway.

"Well, I'll be at Club Blue, maybe I'll see you there...Yeah... ok great." I was left in silence, my hard on begging to be released. I closed my eyes, imagining. 

She pulled the stall door open, coming in behind me. Her hand felt down my chest, my stomach, and my thighs. She reached her hand up my shirt, rubbing my muscled stomach. I could smell her perfume on the air, beautiful. I kept stroking, until her hand pushed mine aside. Her hand covered my cock, stroking me fast and hard. My head fell back, gasping as quietly as I could.

My knees started to twitch as she drew me closer to orgasm. Suddenly she turned me around, taking my hand she plunged it deep into her skirt. I felt her wet hot pussy between my fingers. My thumb found her clit as she pushed my index finger into herself. She humped my hand as she stroked my cock. I was going to cum, quickly, so was she. As I rubbed harder and harder with my thumb I fingered her harder and harder. Finding her G-Spot I put pressure on it knowing she was going to cum soon, I stuck my pinky in her asshole as I fingered her hard. She moaned, filled in all ways.

Her body pressed against mine, feeling her hard nipples through her shirt. My penis exploded in her hand all over her fingers, suddenly her pussy squirted all over. The sound of her cumming and squirting on the floor was enough to make me cum again. 

I opened my eyes, alone in the stall, alone in the bathroom. Suddenly, I heard high heels walking in the bathroom! To the door, and out. I shut my pants as quick as I could; running out after whom ever was in the bathroom, finding an empty hall. I finished the week strong, making good numbers. I didn't see her again until Friday night as we both left the building. 

Standing in the elevator together in silence. I couldn't help but stare at her breasts, wondering if they were uncovered in there again today. I heard a buzzing, as she reached for her cell phone in her purse I watched her beautiful face as she smiled at the message, wishing she could smile at me like that.

As the door opened she walked to it, suddenly her cell phone slipped from her grasp. I jumped down to catch it, making it just in time. I looked down at the screen, "10PM in the Blue Lady room, I'll be there waiting for you."

I handed the phone back to her, acting like I hadn't read the message.

"Thank you so much!" She exclaimed. "I'm such a klutz. You're new right? I'm Roxxana."

"Oh, hi," I stuttered. "I'm John but you can call me Val."

"Val? Isn't that a girls name?" She giggled.

"No, it's my last name. Valentine, I've always gone by Val."

"Oh, ok. Have a good weekend John Valentine," she walked down the hall and out the front door. 

My mouth hanging open in disbelief, I finally knew her name. "Roxxana," I repeated to myself, smiling. 

That night, I fought with myself. Considering whether or not I should try to find Roxxana. I was still unsure about where this 'Blue Lady Room' was. I decided to just go to bed early. Maybe she would visit me in my sleep...hopefully. Suddenly, I woke straight up out of a deep sleep; looking at the clock it was 9:30. I couldn't help it; I rushed to my dresser and threw on the most hip thing I could find. Then ran to my computer to look up the Blue Lady Room, only to find absolutely nothing. 

I had almost forgotten about the nightclub conversation I overheard, I looked up the address of Club Blue; if I left right then, I could make it just in time. I ran down to my cheap busted up car. Hoping it would start and get me to Club Blue without any problems. Luckily it started, and I flew. 

Pulling into the parking lot at Club Blue I looked down at the clock, 9:58. "Perfect," I smiled, getting out of the car. I was so nervous, my eyes darting around the crisp night, cold air biting at my face. There was a lit blue door on the building, no sign. But I could hear loud music coming from the building. I walked to the door hesitantly, ready to run to my car and leave quickly. 

Opening the door, there were no bouncers, no sign of people at all. As I walked down the dark blue-lit hallway leading away from the door I came to a large party hall. Booming loud music poured out the doorway at me. Just inside were two very well built bouncers. They turned to me as I walked in, nodding at me then allowing me to pass. 

I walked to the bar that was just to the left of the room. A blue light stretched around the bottom of the bar, lighting up the patrons feet. I asked for the strongest drink they had, hoping I could do away with my nerves. Out of the corner of my eye I saw someone with blond hair, my eyes darted to the person searching every inch of her. Amazing bottom, perfect silhouette, but she was turned away from me so I couldn't see her face. 

I downed the rest of my drink, paying the bartender. I followed this beautiful person, hoping it was Roxxana; she walked through a doorway, just inside was a curtain. I pulled the curtain aside, walking in after her. The hallway was pitch black, I couldn't hear anything and I couldn't see anything. I continued to walk straight, hands stretched out in front of me. 

My hands found a cold stone wall, listening intently for any sound; I heard talking and soft music from my left. Keeping my hands on the wall I inched toward the sound. I found another doorway. A hand reached out to me from inside, speaking softly.

"Come in, don't be afraid. You don't need to see while you're in here. Are you interested in acting or observing?" The soft woman's voice whispered in the darkness.

"Umm... I don't know, I've never been here before. What's going on?" I asked nervously.

"Well then this will be a very special night for you," she called turning around. "Everyone, we have a first timer." I heard a lot of shuffling, and suddenly I felt someone's hand in mine pulling me forward. "Don't worry, everything will be just fine. Enjoy yourself," the woman called from the door as I was led deeper into the room.

I was led to a soft couch, where my hand was led to the soft surface. 

"You can sit back here," a woman's voice called to me. I felt someone pulling at my shoes; I fought it for a minute, and then decided I was sick of being afraid. I let it happen, as I was slowly undressed. I found myself naked in the darkness soon after. A woman pressed me down on the couch, kissing my neck. I loved her warm breath on my collarbone as she licked and nibbled. I felt her breasts against my chest as she lay down against me. 

She inched her way down me, finding my penis with her warm hand. She pulled it to her mouth and started kissing it softly. Another woman began kissing me, tongue gently twisting in my mouth. She tasted like strawberry; I loved every minute of it, my hard penis in some stranger's mouth. 

Suddenly, who ever was sucking me off was gone. I felt someone hovering over me, the suddenly sat down in my lap. I moaned softly as my cock slid into someone's pussy. Feeling the warmth hug me, she began to rock and moan as my huge cock pressed deeper inside her. I reached my hand around, playing with her breasts I found her erect nipple and massaged it gently. My hand was ripped away, pressed to someone else's pussy, her hard clit pulsing against my palm as I rubbed hard and fast. 

The woman sitting on me cried out in pleasure as she reached orgasm, her cum dripped down my hard cock as she pulled me out of her. She bent over slipping my cock in her mouth. Pushing me down on the couch, she pulled her pussy to my mouth lying against me as she sucked.

My tongue tasted her cum, lapping at her clit, following her slit back to her asshole, I licked her so hard, my penis exploded in her face as she rocked back and forth on my mouth. "Oh GOD!" She exclaimed shuttering with pleasure. She squirted in my face as she rocked and jumped on top of me. 

She left me, alone in darkness again. Suddenly, there was another woman sucking on my penis, her breasts against my knees as she stroked my shaft. Her tongue licking my cum off my head. A light began to grow in the middle of the room, a spotlight. Very gentle blue light illuminated a woman lying in the middle of a bed. 

As I stared in disbelief I saw Roxxana lying completely naked as she had been in my imagination. Her wet pussy glistening in the soft blue light, she was blindfolded and couldn't see anything. Roxxana's snatch was waiting to be penetrated. As I stood watching, suddenly I was being led forward towards her. I fought against it; looking back I was being led by a naked woman. She smiled at me, knowingly. 

"Thank you," she smiled as she walked away from me, leaving me at the edge of Roxxana's bed. 

"So you're new here, huh?" She called to me from the middle of the bed.

"Uh huh," I said quietly, hoping she wouldn't recognize my voice. 

"Well tonight's your lucky night," she felt down to her wet pussy, rubbing her clit with her index finger. Suddenly, her knees bent, she spread her lips "Will you fuck me?" 

I was shoved, hard to the bed. Falling on top of her, my penis aimed itself perfectly and slit deeply inside her as she held herself open. "Oh GOD!" She screamed as I buried my cock in her. Her hands reached around me burying her nails in my back. "How are you so fucking big?!" She exclaimed, pulling her knees up higher. I fucked her hard for all my life was worth. She screamed, cried, moaned, and came. As I buried my cock in her time and time again I watched her writhe in pleasure under me. Smiling widely, I leaned down and sucked her nipple.

"Oh shit!" She cried as I played with her nipple, my warm tongue lapping at it furiously. My mouth found its way up to her neck, kissing, licking and sucking. Her breath became shallow, pussy tightening around my cock. I quickly gave her a hickey, wanting to mark her, hoping it would still be there next week. 

"Turn over," I demanded. As she did, three women walked up to the bed, one wearing a strap-on. I pulled her ass cheeks down and open, exposing her cute, tight, pink asshole. The woman with the strap-on got down under Roxxana, positioning the double-sided dildo strap-on perfectly so they would both enjoy the ride. 

The two other women sat down facing us on the bed; Roxxana's hands were pulled to their waiting pussies, fists buried inside. Roxxana started to buck as soon as the double-dildo was inside her, I spanked her hard, grabbing her ass and shoving my giant cock deep inside. She screamed loudly as my balls slapped her drenched pussy. 

As we all writhed in pleasure, me leading the fuck, another man walked up to us. Taking Roxxana's mouth, he stuck his penis in her. She deep throated him as he bucked forward, taking her head into his hands and forcing her down on him harder and faster. 

While I reamed her asshole, her hands were busy in two women, feeling around fucking them with her fists. Roxxana was screaming in pleasure, cumming and cumming again. Her pussy squirted on the other girl, then the other girl would squirt up and get both Roxxana and I wet. It was perfect, the cum lubricating my fuck as I bore down on her asshole, spanking her till her cheeks turned bright red. 

Finally, I pushed my penis deep inside her and spurted again and again. She moaned feeling me cumming inside her. She collapsed onto the bed, pulling the double-dildo out of her, and her hands out of the other two women. One of those women went with the man Roxxana was blowing and the two other women started fucking each other. 

For minutes, I laid there with blindfolded, sleeping Roxxana. Licking her nipples, feeling her breasts. Wishing I could have her for myself. Sleep too overcame me. When I woke, the sun coming through the windows lighted the room; Roxxana still blindfolded, deep in sleep, calling my name. 

As I gathered my clothes and left wondering if she knew it was I she was fucking. Or if she felt the same way about me as I did about her. The morning was beautiful, sun sprinkling the sky a bright pink. 

The rest of the weekend was quiet, just working on work. Monday morning, I walked into the office hoping to find Roxxana, though she never showed up. I asked the boss, worried about her. 

"She's sick, had probably stayed out too late partying over the weekend," he said to me. Smiling, "You like her, huh?" Entertained by my worry for her.

"I think she's cute, but we work together so that's all it will be," I lied.

"Sure sure," the boss laughed. "You know that's how I met my wife."

The next day, I was sitting in my office when I heard her walking. I looked up just in time to see Roxxana walking through my doorway. "Hey, how was your weekend?" She asked innocently.

"Good, quiet. What did you do?"

"Oh the same, just me alone in my apartment. Amsterdam is nice and all but I wish I could get out of the area some weekend."

"I was thinking about going home some weekend, my parents have been bugging me to visit," I said in response.

"Where's home?" She sat down at the chair opposite mine.

"Minnesota."

"Minnesota? Where is THAT?" She exclaimed.

"The States."

"You're an American?"

"I know, now I have to quit cuz everyone hates Americans," I joked.

"No no no, I have just never worked with an American, I wouldn't have guessed," she stood up to leave.

"So what did you really do this weekend?" I asked prying.

"Nothing, why?"

"The hickey," I said nervously, unsure if it was visible with what she was wearing.

"Damn, you saw that? That's why I was gone yesterday, hoping it would go away. My boyfriend can sometimes be a little rough." She lied quickly.

"I'll keep your secret," I defended her.

"Thanks, how did you see it?" 

"When you sat down."

"Oh, ok. Bye Val," she left my office, the smell of Vanilla in the air following her.

I couldn't help but think about her cumming all day. My hard cock pushing on my pants as I labored over sales reports all day. But finally, night came around. As I closed up all my work, turned off my computer and walked into the hallway. I saw one office with the light still on. I tiptoed down to it, knowing exactly whose office it was. Listening in I could hear her on the phone.

"Oh Nathan, it was amazing. I have no clue who it was, they were new to the club...yeah...he fucked me life I've never been fucked before...yeah...I had to fucking whack off FOUR times today because I can't get this guy outta my head." 
