 Sarah closed her eyes, laying perfectly still, breathing deeply. She did not want to drift off but she was so tired, so exhausted it was hard to focus on staying awake. It was almost as if she knew what was going to happen the minute she dozed off and her mind began to allow her to dream again. And although they were immensely pleasurable dreams, they were disturbing nonetheless and in the morning her body would ache from her actions in those dreams. 

Sarah realized her dreaming sequences at night for the past two months were related directly to stress. A new job, a new state, new apartment, everything surrounding her was strange to her and she was having a hard time coping with the change. Going from a small rural town in Kentucky to a megacity like Houston, Texas would cause anybody to go through some stress related actions.

She had made new friends, new acquaintances and twice she had encountered two men who seemed to be interested in her only to discover their true interest. Her body. Her five feet, six inch frame held more curves than some of the old county roads where she had grown up. Perfectly round and ample breasts accentuated her upper body flowing down to an almost tiny waistline, her hips slightly flaring and back down to uniformly shaped legs. Her long flowing blond hair, usually kept in a tight bun during the day, released only when she got on the elevator to come home, hang down nearly to her tight butt and glimmered like spun gold. 

Her face was almost angelic, with liquid blue eyes, a small, slightly turned up nose and full pouting lips, her skin an alabaster white, creamy, delicate and soft. Sarah Turner was an incredibly beautiful woman and men were going to be attracted to her, she knew that. What drove them absolutely insane however, was the fact that Sarah was not the typical curvaceous young woman they usually met. She was shy and sometimes withdrawn to the point they sometimes thought her a snob. 

The two men that she thought might be interested in her had both stormed away when she declined to have sex with them and although her body screamed with silent desire, she had chosen not to just hop in the sack with just anybody.

If she took on a lover, she had decided after a seriously rough breakup with Todd when she was in Kentucky, he was going to have to be someone incredibly special. No more just relying on the fact that he would be fantastic in bed, she had vowed. And she grimaced with the fact that she now knew that had been the only thing that had held Todd and herself together for nearly four years. 

Sarah's new lover slash boyfriend was going to have to be different, he would have to talk to her, share her interests and she his. He would have to want to have fun other than just a good romp in the hay and this time, Sarah had vowed, she wanted someone who was mysterious and dark. He would have to have dark colored hair, dark eyes that she could disappear inside their depth.

Sarah sighed softly, she was asking for too much, that much she knew, that was why she was having these dreams of hers. And even as she thought of the dreams, her body started to react. 

Her mind had created that perfect man for her but he only came in her dreams and the only talking they would do would be with their bodies except when she heard him call her name just before her dreaming, hazy mind could focus upon him moving across the room to her.

No sooner had she begun to think about her dreams than she had dozed off and they began again, always the same, always with the same results. "Sarah..." She heard the soft whisper of her name and her lips parted in a smile. He was coming again for her, she could feel the slight electrical charge heating up her body inside and soon it would ignite. Her dream lover would be the only way to put out her flame.

She felt the dampness between her legs just with a simple calling of her name, her body readying itself for what they would do in the dream. "Sarah..." He called to her again and her eyes slowly fluttered open, seeing him standing now at the foot of her bed, smiling seductively, his perfectly even white teeth showing past luxuriously rich and full lips. Lips that could make her scream out in torturous delight or melt like hot butter when they touched her.

He moved around the bed and slowly pulled the covering from her body, his smoldering gaze moving over every inch of her flesh as he exposed her nudity beneath. His eyes flashed with fire as she automatically parted her thighs, inviting him between them.

And then he was beside her, his dark clothing removed almost magically as he stretched out his incredibly muscled form beside her smaller frame. The heat of his body searing against hers as he held her gaze and when his hand moved over her belly, his fingertip tracing the outline of her navel, Sarah sucked in a breath at the sensation. Her pussy excreted her heavy lubrication for him, knowing how large he was, how incredibly filling he could be when he entered her and she would be ready. His hand moved up to one of her breasts, cupping it in his palm, his thumb raking over the hardening nipple. Sarah moaned in pleasure when she felt his hot breath close to her flesh. Straining upward, silently begging him to put his mouth over her quivering mound, Sarah gasped in rapture as his tongue flicked over her dusty pink nipple, making it even harder, extruding it further from the mound and he suckled deeply while his hand moved to the other side.

He was sucking so hard it was nearly painful but in an erotic painful way as she attempted to press upward, wanting to put one solid orb into his mouth yet knowing it was not possible. 

Her pussy was dripping now, she could feel the liquid slipping from inside her, following the trail that led to her anal opening. Sarah knew he could smell her desire, his body shook slightly with a laugh when he pulled in a deep breath. "Please, tell me your name this time." She begged huskily and his head lifted slightly and Sarah could feel those dark eyes burning into her and those incredible lips parted into a crooked smile. "What would you have it be, Sarah?" He ask, speaking for the first time in two months and her mouth dropped open at the sound of his voice. Deep, rich, enveloping her almost like a warm, velvet blanket on a cold night. "Michael..." She breathed on a sigh. "Then I am Michael." He whispered causing goose bumps to rise on her skin as he lowered his head again, shifting over to the other mound on her chest, giving it the same treatment as he had the other.

When he had her tits rock hard and aching for more, his leaned up, propping up his dark head with his hand, staring down at her with interest. His free hand moved from her breasts to her abdomen, again, a fingertip circling around her navel, her muscles quivered beneath his touch and then slowly, seductively his hand began to move downward, slipping between her thighs, feeling her heavy moisture.

Sarah arched her hips, thrusting her pussy into his hand, seeping heavily in lust. His finger slipped between her female folds, enflamed with passion now to retrieve some of her lubrication, moving it up and down against her slit, pressing against her swollen clit.

Moaning over and over again with pleasure, Sarah began undulating against his hand, wanting him to shove a finger deeply inside her, to stop the flame that was building igher and higher inside her.

"Please..." She begged breathlessly as he continued to torment her clit with his finger and then teased at her hole, the tip of his finger pressing slightly inside only to be pulled away again and again each time, feeling her secret more of her female juices until her entire pussy was completely saturated, her once bushy pubic hair now plastered against her skin.

With Sarah upon her back still, him to his side, he grasp her leg, pulling it up and over his muscular thigh and coming back, touching her again and deciding there was still not enough room. He pushed against her other leg, silently asking her to spread it wider and she obeyed. The hand came back, massing her screaming folds, feeling her heat rising with each movement of his hand upon her.

Sarah groaned in complete bliss as at last he drove one large finger inside her, almost causing her to cum instantly yet pulling back slightly when he felt her tighten. He gave her a good finger-fuck, driving his hand up roughly and then pulling back again and again, his arm holding her jerking leg against his thigh. "Michael, please, fuck me..." She begged, her breathing coming in pants now but obviously that was not his intent this time. He removed his hand and Sarah's eyes opened when she felt him move from her side. She though perhaps her request had upset him but as she saw him, her heart nearly stopped in her chest.

"I've never..." She started to tell him as he positioned himself between her legs, grabbing onto each one and shoving them up, her knees pressing against her tits. Those dark eyes flashed his fire again and she could see his dark head lowering, inhaling deeply of her lustful scent.

Sarah screamed out in complete shock and elation when his mouth opened over her, his tongue flicking over her opening and her hips shot upward. She had never felt anything like that in her life as currents of electricity shot from her pussy to her brain. Again and again he licked at her, staring with his tongue flat, pulling up over her hole, between her folds and over her bulging clit, feeling her shudder each time.

He then pressed her legs to her sides, opening her even wider and his mouth then worked exclusively on her clip, sucking, pushing with his tongue, moving it up, down, and from side to side, using his teeth and lips to pull it out from her body. Sarah was a bouncing mass of hot flesh and bones beneath him and when he rolled his tongue into a stiff spear and drove it inside her, she screamed out as an explosion rocked through her. Her body tensed painfully as she felt the muscles inside her pussy working, pushing out the heavy cream of her orgasm as his tongue now moved around inside her, scraping out every last drop of her hot spent passion.

And then he was moving again, sliding his body up her own, Sarah could feel this throbbing cock moving up her leg and then dropping heavily between them, feeling the pulsation of the blood pumping through it. She was almost purring beneath him as she lifted her arms to encircle his neck, pulling his head down so she could kiss him.

His lips feathered across her own and she could smell her own desire on him, igniting yet another fire inside her. Something inside her almost snapped as she pulled his head down roughly, locking her lips onto his, driving her tongue inside his mouth until he was giving just as good as he got from her. Her lust was out of control and both of them knew it.

Sarah's hands moved now, up and down the incredible width of his shoulders, feeling his muscles ripple beneath her palms, feeling almost as tight as that large, pulsating rod laying now against her belly, driving against her skin. She could feel the blood pumping through it, throbbing with every beat of his heart and it was huge, larger than she first thought and she wanted it, now.

Her hands moved on down his back to his lean waist and powerful hips, cupping his ass, gripping tightly before traveling around. As they ravaged each other's mouths, her hands asked him to lift his hips so that she could hold him and he did as her hand circled that burning steel rod, gasping slightly at the size now and knowing that soon he was going to ram it inside her.

Sarah suddenly had the urge to have it in her mouth, never doing such a thing before but that feeling, that heavy vibration in her hand was driving her insane. Her free hand came up, pressing against his shoulder and he shifted off her as if sensing what she was asking of him.

Their lips unlocked and with more bravado than she had ever experienced before, she pushed him onto his back, their eyes staring at one another. Those dark eyes flashed again as though he were reading her mind and Sarah smiled at him gently, already beginning to lower her body, slipping down, her breasts raking through that heavy dusting of hair on his chest, exciting her nipples again.

As she moved down, her lips trailed wet kisses over his flesh, her tongue dipping into his navel, teasing him just as he had teased her, hearing him suck in a deep breath. She took his rocket into her hand again, once more marveling at the size of it as it pulsated in her grip.

Sarah glanced up quickly, checking his reaction to what she was going to do and again, those black eyes flashed back at her. Closing her eyes, Sarah lowered her head and opened her mouth, instinctively guiding the bulbous head between her lips.

She groaned as soon as she had him inside, feeling the texture, soft but hard and she could taste his skin, salty but sweeter than anything she had ever put in her mouth. Sarah used her tongue, wrapping it around his circumference, pulling up and slipping back down, feeling the rippling moving through him as he enjoyed what she was doing. She positioned her head to where she could take him deeper into her mouth, feeling him hit the back of her throat yet knowing she only had three quarters of his length inside.

Almost gagging but determined, Sarah drove down, the thick head sliding past her tonsils, swallowing the gag reflex and felt him lift his hips slightly as the muscles in the back of her throat worked around him.

Suddenly filled with an abundance of bravado and insane lust, she moved her head, letting him slide in and out of the back of her throat until his hips began undulating with her, literally fucking her mouth. Sarah had never experienced such a sensation as feeling his dick sliding in and out of her mouth before. She was enjoying this just as much as he was, knowing that what she was doing was driving him just as mad as he had driven her. She gave a startled gasp when his large hand went to the back of her head, shoving her down around him as his hips thrust upward, driving him deeply down the back of her throat and in the next second she felt the hot cum of his spent passion bursting from his tip.

Sarah was completely surprised that she did not gag or spit as the hot semen filled her mouth, finding the taste highly erotic as she swallowed, enjoying the taste of his secret immensely. Yet she felt almost saddened that this massive dick wasn't between her legs when he lost his wad. Sarah continued to swallow the tiny spurts that erupted from his head until at last they stopped, but to her utter astonishment found that he was still hard. He sat up, his hands coming beneath her arms, hoisting her upward and flipping them over at the same time, his knees forcing apart her legs.

It was as if his dick needed no guidance to her hole and as he lowered himself down, ramming that massive cock into her, Sarah cried out both in pain and sheer bliss of having him back inside her. 

"Deeper, harder, Michael..." She panted beneath him and he gave her what she asked for. Pulling his hips back and slamming them down, ramming his full length into her hot cave, his size filling her cavity beyond its capability yet Sarah accepted it time and time again.

His thrusts brought her to three separate climaxes, each one more intense than the previous. Her last when he once again shot his load inside her with such force it had sent her careening over the edge of the cliff as well. Tiny white, blinding lights shot outward from behind her closed eyes, her body arching upward, taking him into her, her pussy muscles tightening and releasing as though her system was drinking in every last precious ounce of his semen.

Exhausted, spent, completely gratified, Sarah hugged him to her, the dampness of his flesh making his back slick and when he tried to move away, obviously fearful of his crushing weight. Sarah felt him chuckle softly as her arms tightened around him, her legs wrapped around his hips and she jerked him back down. Determined that this time, her dream lover was not going anywhere.

Sarah awoke as the alarm clock screamed insistently upon the bedside table. Her hand shot out, hitting the snooze button almost violently. She felt a weight lying atop her, her one arm and both legs wrapped around the comforting weight tightly as her eyes opened slowly, hopefully, her heart hammering inside her chest. 

Sarah's devastation was surreal as her eyes opened fully. Atop her was the massive body pillow her mother had given her before she had left Kentucky. It had all been a dream again and she started to cry softly, throwing off the pillow in violence and frustration.

Sarah arrived for work nearly an hour late, she simply could not muster the energy nor the enthusiasm to go to work. She had literally had to force herself from the bed this morning and grab a quick shower before getting dressed and making the long trek across town to get to the office.

Slamming down her briefcase, her secretary came through the door, cup of life-giving coffee in her hand, giving Sarah a woeful glance.

"You look like shit." She announced and Sarah grimaced but took the pro-offered coffee from the woman's hands. "You had a nine o'clock with the head of Taylor Enterprise, you're fifteen minutes late and he's steaming." The secretary announced and Sarah's eyes widened in fear. 

Taylor Enterprise was one of her new company's biggest clients, they kept Sarah's firm on over a three million dollar retainer fee each and every year and had for the past twenty-five years.

"Old man Taylor's probably having a seizure." Sarah stated, swallowing down the scalding coffee, already moving around her desk. "It's not old man Taylor, it's his son, Michael, and he seems to be a bit more high strung than the old man. Drop dead gorgeous but high strung." The secretary grinned.

Sarah snatched up her briefcase again, shoved the half empty mug back toward her secretary and raced toward the conference room, throwing open the conference room doors with more force than she had intended.

All eyes focused in her direction, all except one pair that was. A tall, broad-shouldered man stood facing the window, gazing out at the expanse of the city laid out beneath him. Sarah saw the dark hair immediately and her first thought was of her dream again last night. 

"Ms. Turner, you're late!" Her superior barked in anger and Sarah opened her mouth to speak but her eyes locked onto the man turning slowly from the window.

Sarah's chin dropped, it felt, to her knees as a pair of smoldering dark eyes met her own liquid blue and she could have sworn she saw shock register on his face before he spoke.

"Welcome, Ms. Turner, I'm glad you could make it." His voice sounded, just like her dream lover, like a warm blanket on a cold day and Sarah began to shake almost violently. "Sarah..." He stated in some concern and that was all she needed to hear, the same luscious voice from those same full, rich lips and she felt the floor coming up to meet her.

"Welcome back, Ms. Turner." Sarah heard the familiar voice state as she started to awaken and opening her eyes she met those dark pools again, his lips parting in a smile, showing even, white teeth.

"I..." She started, but clamped her lips tightly together in case her mouth before she made a fool of herself. The dark eyes above her stared down at her with interest, and one arched slightly.

"Ms. Turner, have we met before?" He asked suddenly and Sarah's heart flipped over in her chest.

"N...no, I don't think..." She started and suddenly his hands came up, reaching behind her head, pulling the clip from her hair. His sharp intake of breath as he saw her long, blond hair cascade down her back was unmistakable and the dark eyes began to smolder, just like in her dreams.
