 My first story! Should I write more? Tell me!

I'm stretched out on my bed, fast asleep in the dead of night. The summer breezes are cool and refreshing this eve, and so I am lying on top of the covers, clad only in dark maroon panties and an oversized nightshirt. Ensconced in my dreams, I am dead to the world, alive in the fantasies running through my mind.

You walk into the dimly lit room and are immediately aroused, my prone and scantily-clad form exciting you as you slowly approach the bed. You stand over me and simply watch as a silently shift amongst the bedding, my breath deep and relaxed as my head rolls gently towards you. For a moment you think that your entrance has awoken me, but it becomes obvious to you that I am still fast asleep. I seem to be having an intense dream, as I move around every minute or so, as if reacting to events transpiring within. 

You watch with growing fascination as one of my hands reached up and clutches at my breast, squeezing it through the night shirt momentarily before falling back at my side. It is now that you notice my erect nipples poking through the fabric, and you conclude that I must be in the throes of an erotic dream. This excites you even more, and you feel yourself becoming hard as you watch me go through me subtle motions, my dream world bleeding into the physical realms.

Deciding that there is no chance of me waking, you undo your pants and release your growing erection, rubbing it to attention as you stare transfixed at my actions. Occasionally a brief groan leaves my throat as my head rolls back and forth, my lips attempting to mouth words that my mind is saying elsewhere. You watch my mouth as you stroke your erection, obsessing on my full lips as they part and curl, occasionally grinning or going slack with what you interpret as desire. I lick my lips and sigh dreamily, and that is when you decide to become a part of the dream.

Leaning carefully over the bed, you take your stiff penis and hold it close to my face, allowing its presence to be known. The musky smell of your aroused sex assaults my nose, and expression belies my newfound desire. You bring it closer now, brushing the head ever so lightly against my lips, grazing them delicately. You do this repeatedly, teasing my mouth with brief glimpses of the silky smoothness of your manhood.

My mouth begins searching for its tormentor, lips parting, tongue pink and moist as it gingerly probes the air. You let my searching tongue make contact for a moment, and my body visibly shudders at the realization of its goal.

You are unable to resist any longer, and so you gently place it full on my lips, allowing it to the rest there as they eagerly part in response to its presence. My mouth accepts it, drawing it inside, moistening the head as it explores its ridges, drinking in the salty sweet taste of your precum.

My dream state a blur of sexual desires and images, my body begins to stretch and arch, as you carefully feed your rigid cock into my hungry mouth an inch at a time. I greedily devour it, my lips wrapping around it as my tongue runs along underneath as my mouth attempts to take it all, unwilling to let any of it go to waste. 

As my dreams become more fevered, so does my sucking, and my head starts to bob slightly in earnest. You respond to this is to help me, and you start moving your cock in and out of my mouth, fucking my face as I suck and lick feverishly.

You hold at for as long as you can, enjoying the feel of my moist and silky mouth as it takes you eagerly, but the sensations combined with the erotic situation prove to be too much for your will power. When you finally climaxes, I swallow your hot load willingly, guzzling it down silently as my body writhes in ecstasy, on fire with lust. I suck your cock dry, drinking deep your love juices, almost moaning with regret when you finally remove your waning erection from my mouth, leaving me alone and lost in the uncharted territories of my erotic dream world. You leave as silently as you entered, spent and satisfied, still overcome with the intensity of the moment. It is an encounter you will never forget.

When I awake the following morning, I remember nothing of our mutual episode, or of the dreams that accompanied it. All I can recall is the feeling of true release, of a sexual experience beyond my comprehension, yet I am content and fulfilled none the less, having unknowingly satisfied my hungers on so many levels.