 "It happened again, last night," Carol said in a whisper.

"No way."

"Whew," Carol said, brushing the dark hair from her eyes, touched her forehead with the back of her hand. "Very hot."

"In here?" Malyn glanced around. Few people frequented their favorite lounge this early in the afternoon. The room felt a little chilly to her, and wished she'd brought a sweater.

"Not here silly. Last night. Mind-blowing." She worried her drink with the little straw, took a sip.

"Tell me, tell me," Malyn said, leaning closer.

"Sooo intense."

"Okay, okay . . . tell me already, I'm dying here."

"The most incredible sex ever."

"Get to the good parts, dammit. Was he gentle, an animal . . . what?"

"Three orgasms, one right after the other, and he still wasn't through with me."

"Ohhh, my God, the takeover type. Just what you like."

"You know it."

"Who is he? I've got to know."

Carol's blue eyes sparkled. She tilted her head to the side, eyebrows flexed so that the skin crinkled across her forehead like tiny ripples over still water. 

"Wish I knew. In my dreams I never see his face."

She looked around to see if anyone was close enough to hear and whispered, "Took me places I've never been. Very oral."

"That's distracting . . . men who talk too much during sex," Malyn said. "I don't mind a few dirty words now and then, but–."

"Oral sex, silly."

"Ohhh."

"He had this little purple knot," Carol said, "right here." The point of a fingernail tapped the tip of an equally pink tongue.

"What's up with that?" 

"Damage from rubbing across the sharp surface of a chipped tooth. Could be surgically fixed, he said . . . hope he doesn't." She smiled and her eyebrows danced.

"Why wish that on the poor guy?"

"Come on!"

"Oh."


Malyn continued after a moment. "Well, you do like that sort of thing . . . so, I'm happy for you."

The overly harsh words shocked her, but they were out before Malyn could stop them. After being forced as a teenager to go down on an uncle, the idea of warm, slimy sperm spirting

into her mouth revolted her.

"I'm really sorry, that you've never been exposed to some good mouth to genital stimulation."


She shook her head. Carol didn't know the truth. "I don't go in for that."

"You'll never get a good man with straight sex."

"I have a good man," Malyn said, "and I don't need to do that."

"Girl, you've never even had a good orgasm," Carol countered. "I don't go down on my lover to feel wanted," she said, "it's a want to please him."

"Brad gets plenty of pleasure from regular sex."

"All men like oral . . . even your Brad. Ask him. Makes them feel really loved, especially when you swallow."

"Ohh, Gawd, Carol, that's gross. Brad's loved and knows it. I don't have to ask."

"Don't know what you're missing," Carol said, and got to her feet. "I have to get." She pulled her short skirt down, brushed out the wrinkles. "You ready?"

Outside, the girls hugged goodbye.

Malyn hailed a cab, and on the ride home pondered her friends whispered parting words.

Screw Carol . . . and her dream lover. What did the bitch know anyway? Some ghost who comes to her in a dream? What's up with that? Sex with Brad is enjoyable just the way it is, and just as soon as this silverware goes into the dishwasher, it's going to be another Friday, sizzle night.

Brad had mixed a couple of drinks, took them to the living room. She followed as he brought out the DVD he'd rented from the video store down the street. After they had watched thirty minutes or so of couples having sex on screen, they'd turn the room into their very own private stage. She glimpsed the video label as Brad slipped it into the machine, it glowed XXX, Going Down Thelma.

After viewing the intro, Malyn knew it was going to be another poorly acted serial, with lots of fake grunting and moaning. The predicable music bumped along with the grind of some actors hairy ass slamming up and down. The woman's mid-aged, shaved pussy clung to the man's cock, in a flurry of skin action.

Malyn gasped. That massive thing would rip me apart.

Fifteen minutes of ohhh's and ahhh's, and bodies writhing on screen, she got from the couch, intent on fixing another drink. She froze, dropped back to the cushioned lounger. The scene changed, and the brunette oozing into the room resembled Carol. Firm, big bust, narrow waist, long slim legs. Man's ultimate fantasy. The woman glided across the floor, abandoned clothes with each step until all she had on was the shaved Vee of her pubic hair. The woman's hips swayed in such a manner that Malyn could only hope to copy.

"Ever wish I was built like that?" she said.

"Huh?"

"You heard me."

A quick, hard knuckle ground into the nerves of Brad's shoulder.

"Hey!"

"Hey yourself. Stop lusting over this shitty video and listen."

The male lead sucked a large nipple into his mouth, ravaged the woman's breast, and wet with saliva the totem pole nipple stood erect like a smaller version of when Brad had a


hard-on.

Malyn fingered her C-size breasts through the fabric of the flimsy material, rolled a nipple between thumb and finger. "Would you like it better if I had larger breasts?

"You have gorgeous tits," he said, still staring at the screen. "So, no, never wished that either."

Was Carol correct about men? Has Brad ever wished she would . . . she swirled the ice cubes of her drink, took a final sip of the weakened liquid. 

"I'm going to have another. You want one?"

"Sure," he said, intent upon the screen action, "thanks."

When she returned, Malyn curled next to him. A male lead shoved his tongue into the twitching actress' twat. The Carol-look-alike bucked against him, her mouth a circle of pleasure, perfect teeth bit her bottom lip, eyes scrunched tight. The sounds generated didn't match the intense video action, and that music. Couldn't they find something, not so trashy, more in-tune with love and passion? She wished Brad would put his concentration where her fingers had just been. The actor's talented tongue brought a squeal from the female lead. The actor's large fingers left pinch marks across her ass cheeks.

"Are all men rough during oral?"

"She likes it," Brad said. "See her face."

"Looks like pain."

"Pain and pleasure, the Laurel and Hardy of sex."

"Have you ever wanted to do that?"

"I'd do anything to please you," he said, suddenly studying her. "Have you changed your mind?"

"Don't know . . . something my friend Carol said . . . about missing out." 

The couple on screen switched into a sixty-nine. The camera focused on a close up of the actress' full lips stretched around the thick man-meat, and Malyn thought any second that the actress' face might split. Loud sucking noises rippled through the room with moans male and female blending from the stereo speakers. 

Her own breathing was fast and raspy, the skirt pulled high, one hand worked 

on her soft spot through the fabric of the wet undies. Brad turned to watch.

"You're liking this," he said, his thin lips cocked into a grin. "Need help?"

The actor's tongue flicked around, over and into the woman's softness, the lip shaped folds of her vulva, swollen and bright pink.From the speakers, a woman's muffled scream, the

large cock trapped between the full lips slipped inside another three inches. The actress' eyes popped open, then closed in what Malyn felt, unbelievable ecstacy, and knew without a doubt that the actor just erupted into her waiting mouth. Sure enough, some translucent man-stuff dribble from the woman's lips. What a complete waste, Malyn thought. At that moment, she reached her peak, fingers working rapidly on her pleasure button. She exploded, stifled a groan.

Through half-closed eyes she watched the woman on screen begin a slow, deliberate oral manipulation of her partner's implement, the pink tongue wrapped around the heart shaped 

head, lavished it with the ultimate of kisses. She worked on the purple ejaculating head with lips and tongue, alternating with fast and slow intimacy.

Malyn trembled when the Carol-look-alike took all of him into her mouth, and the searching lips fluttered about the actors abdomen. The throat of the actress constricted, and Malyn shuttered inside at the act of swallowing.

"Thank you," the false Carol whispered, her pink tongue circled the cock head, caught what dribbled down the softening shaft, savored it.

"Ohhhhh," Malyn groaned, sank into the soft couch. "That was intense."

"Indeed," Brad said. "Never saw you masturbate."

Her eyes slitted open.

"Poor boy, you never came."

"You were busy."

"Enjoy what you saw?"

"Yes, but . . ."

"Now, you're horny and want some."

"I'd like what got," Brad said, indicating the large plasma television."


 For a second she recoiled, remembered how hot she became watching, thought, this video had really affected her. If she could retain that attitude . . . Brad's member pushed against his shorts like a mule in heat. If she couldn't take it orally, they could still fuck in the normal manner. 

"I'd try that sixty-nine position with me on top, as long as you tell me when you're going to come."

"Agreed," he said, "but first I'd like to taste you."

Shirt and shorts flew. He never undressed so fast, and knew it was imperative that he take his time with her. Bring her around so that she enjoyed every second. He thought of using his tongue on her every single day, wondering how he could broach the subject without offending her, and tonight she made the decision without coaxing. Nothing he did was going to break this spell.

Skin to skin, Brad was a park statue, his cock bigger than it had ever been, seething against her soft belly. Malyn trembled. Even lying down he loomed over her, bent to 


kiss her eyelids, both temples, little feather caresses over her nose to her saucy little mouth. Her lips pressed back, opened for him, their tongues touched in the gentlest manner. Shy little

animals experimenting for the first time. The kissing grew demanding and he touched her breasts, a finger circled each areola without contacting either nipple. She thrust against him, pushing the breasts he loved so much into his chest. He grabbed both nipples when she wiggled away, holding the stretched flesh, twisting the pink knobs until she moaned. 

Kisses between those ample sized mounds made her squirm. He moved down to the navel, his tongue an organ of desire, groped inside the button's well, across the little mound of her abdomen. He lingered, a hot kiss here, another on the other side. Her stomach contracted with pleasure. Minuscule blond hairs across her belly made love to his lips, the soft flesh a valve that turned up the fire of his need.   

His entire being wanted to rush to the prize, root into her with tongue and lips, but today was important and he wanted her to be at the peak of desire. Brad skipped the heat between her 

legs. Teasing down the inside of one thigh, across the calf, the foot where all the nerve endings resided. The wet warmth of his tongue trailed up the other leg. Malyn's torso heaved like she was being struck with sporadic bolts of electricity, her breath quick, breasts quaking on her chest.

"Please," she said, "don't make me beg."

It was more whimper than words.

Uncontrolled, she writhed on the couch, the perfume of her intoxicating his senses. Brad lost it, his entire mouth engulfed her, lip to lip, hungry, searching, his tongue alternating hard and soft, probing, consuming all she had.

"Ohhhh."

She stiffened.

"Ohhhh, shit, so soonnnn."

Brad's desire worked her softness with slow deliberate manipulations until he felt her relax into the couch. Pressing lips to her electric button, he hummed her favorite tune.

"Ohhh, honey . . . you've exhausted me . . . I don't think I cannn."

His mouth penis nibbled, rubbed along the length of her still hard clit. Slipped into the tangy taste of her, trolling his tongue around the inside of the silken wetness.

"Ummm, I was wrong," she whispered, her fingers caressing his head, pulling him into her sex.

Malyn knew at that moment Brad cared only for her pleasure alone, but that wasn't fair.

"Come up here," she said, "turn around."

She helped him miss her head with his knee.

"There. That's better."


On hands and knees, his log-hard manhood wavered inches from her face, clear, thick liquid seeped from the tiny slit in the pink head. What he was doing felt sooo good. Her hesitant tongue slipped out to meet the head of him. A shutter took hold of her at the pre-come's taste. Malyn thought she heard herself groan, dizziness swept through her like the first time she became inebriated. Her tongue ran down the underside length of him gate-crashing years of defensive posturing. This is someone else, she thought, not me.

Sex-drugged, Malyn kissed the hairy hanging friends, rubbed her nose in the fragrance, suckled one oval into her mouth. She teased the other, felt him tremble, took the length of him unhurriedly to the back of her throat. Brad's searching tongue defined her surrender. For every spark of pleasure received, she urged more from him, the inside of her cheeks against his manhood like a warm, wet pussy milking him.

He lavished her equally.

The vibration rammed through Brad's cock when she moaned, and she felt him stiffen. When he popped out, his disappointed groan filled the room.

"Come with me," she whispered, and locked her arms about his waist, tilted her head to meet his trembling shaft.

With greater urgency he brought her along.

They began to be a single entity.

Her tongue flashed up and down his expanded shaft, tight inside, doing that thing with cheeks and tongue that drove him toward the edge. 

The calves of her legs drew tight, the muscles of her thighs bunched as she pushed to meet those hungry lips massaging her little man-in-the-boat. Malyn clung tight to his waist, quaking, reached a crest, burst, another peak building over the first. Never this many, this strong, held captive by wave after wave of white-hot pleasure.

Normally stable, her mind in shambles ran in glitches. Hanging from my man's waist with his cock in my mouth, wishing it was a filling station. What's up with this? 

"Ummmmm." Her head swayed in abandonment, worked his shaft like a spastic animal.

A slow thrusting of Brad's hips pushed the back of her throat with his thickened tip.

Beyond herself, Malyn's head tilted back unbidden and he slid down past her tonsils, stretched lips groped the base of his penis like a frightened animal. She choked, couldn't breathe, fought it down. Pleasure too good to halt. She felt his beginning, the expansion in her mouth and she stormed to meet him at the precipice. 

Opening his mouth in warning, too late. The first eruption filled her consenting throat. Second and third gushers sprayed Malyn's teeth and tongue. Her breath hung between his 

release and her giant climax. Malyn's throat tugged against the head of his dick as she swallowed, not once, but twice in quick succession. 

Their huge twisting climax shook the very fabric of their beings. Every ounce of gratification absorbed.

They lay completely drained. Her head on his lower abdomen, content, held his softening member like a melting truffle. I was crazy to wait so long, she thought, this is much more than a bit of alright. She gave a final little suck, swished his soft cock around her mouth before allowing him release.


Malyn closed her eyes, the feeling of wanting to keep him trapped until he rehardened, gave her more of the same, evaporated into blissful volition. She sat and stretched, tongue running around her teeth, the taste of him lingered like a sweet tart. She didn't think she'd brush for a week. A hand reached around to caress a breast from behind, a kiss to the small of her back. A smile crossed her lips.

"That was fantastic," he whispered.

"Yesss," she answered, "it was," 

Well, I did it . . . found a perfectly wonderful way to spend a Friday night. This oral thing adds another sweet dimension to sex, and I have my very own live dream lover. 

                The end