 I have been aroused all day my nipples are burning; my clit is tingling with anticipation. I am tired of my own touch so tired that I am almost exhausted by it. I decide to take a quick fast hot shower hoping that it will exhaust some of the fire between my legs. I dry, quickly still somewhat wet, I lay down on the bed naked hoping if I again play with my self I can somewhat be satisfied till he comes home again. So I lie down and spread my legs so that my wet pussy is getting a cool breeze over it. I run my fingertips over my body, wishing it was someone other then my self at this point. I touch my nipples, my stomach, my thigh everywhere but never touching my pussy. Slow deep breaths I close my eyes and drift off to peacefully dreams. 

I dream of his tongue high up the inside of my thighs, I whimper and spread my legs further apart, knees bend but yet still in a deep sleep. Minutes pass I feel his soft touch flowing over my thighs, licking my skin, I tingling with every kiss. His lips, His mouth so close to me that I am grasping for air. His touch is teasing me unmercifully. My pussy is so swollen, so tight, so wet that it is pulsating, begging for some touch, any touch. "Yes that's it, Yes," Finally I get more of that, more of what I need and want. I am suddenly aware of his tongue against the tip of my clit. Soft, so soft and gently, an overwhelming gentleness that my stomachs muscles tighten as he moves his tongue back and forth, flickering delicately over me. Then suddenly gone, no touch. I hold my breath I cry out wanting, wanting more of his soft touch, wanting, Needing more then just kisses. Then once again I feel his small licks, teasing licks so close to my wet pussy, yet he never actually touch me there. I am still asleep, still in a dream. 

I want more kisses. I want to feel his tongue on my aching pussy; I need to feel his tongue deep inside me. Then he gives in to my desires. Slow at first then pulsating my wet hole with his tongue. His tongue goes slowly deep inside me, exploring me, he start sucking me soft, slow and gently savoring my juices. 

I start to roll my hips up subtle knowing what my body wants, he suck slightly harder. My lips are pink, swollen, and widely sensitive as I wait for his tongue to press even further inside me. Then he stops, I wait, seconds, then minutes pass, Your torturing me unmercifully. I moan, "Oh my god, Oh my god, Yes, Yes, Oh Yes," My legs are jerking, my stomach tightens, Now my breathing is getting faster, and faster, "OHHHHHHHHHHHHH AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH," I waked as I hit my first orgasm, yet my body is slow in waking, wanting to savor the feeling that I am having. Eyes still closed, is this dream or Fantasy, A dream that seems so real, too real. My body is again waiting for him to touch me. A light kiss on the edge of my pussy, another one moving up, kissing my thighs, my stomach, my skin is tingling. He move to my breasts, he surround them covering then but not everywhere. He teases, finally a nipple he finds, he sucks, his tongue slowly caressing, massaging, and then his teeth so slightly bit them. I arch my back. More kisses, he move to my neck. Suddenly his mouth is on my mouth, demanding, flooding my senses. His teeth bit my lip; his tongue is wild, exploring my mouth, demanding to suck the air out of me. I return his kisses; "OHHHHHHHHHHHHH" is all that escapes me. 

I feel so erotic, overwhelming my senesces, the ultimate touch, and his cock pushing against my soft wet skin. He opens me slowly, almost too slowly, almost torturing me, one inch, then two, then he stops, he backs out. I groan in frustration, begging him not to stop. Finally he goes in again this time deeper, deeper until finally I let out a deep sexual groan. "OHHHHHHHHHHHHH, that feels so good," I scream. I feel his cock throbbing twitching deep inside me; I wrap my legs around his warm body, squeezing his cock. I relax then squeeze again. My nipples are pressed into his chest, they are tingling wanting to feel his lips press and tease them again. 

I want more, I groan needing, begging him to go deeper and fill me. I plead with him; beg him to touch my nipples to bit then, to suck them. I plead with him; I need to be caressed fondled. I signal to him, he draws my legs up knees apart, he grab my butt, pulling my hips back, sliding his cock in and out, in and out. "OHHHHHHHH YAAAAAAAAA," my hips are now rocking up gently savoring, memorizing every small critical tingle. In and out deep inside completely out and then my swollen lips wrap around the head of his cock, sucking it inside me, pulling him inside me deeply, almost willing it inside me. So deep, deeper, my head is thrown back, neck exposed, fingers stretched out like a cat, gasping, groaning, and panting. 

My legs, my thighs suddenly start to tremble I can't control it. My body explodes, I grasp, I groan, I jerk. My muscles relaxing then contracting wildly. My body slams into his body. 

Suddenly I feel an almost mystic overwhelming sexual pleasure as my body goes into orgasm after orgasm. I literally cry from the intensity, One minute, two, three minutes my body goes into convolutions, I am exhausted, My body jerks and I feel like a rag doll. I am sweating, trembling, realizing your body is still in me. We roll over your cock still very deep inside me. I lay on top of you and once again drift into a peacefully sleep.

I awake later to wonder was it a dream or was he really there??