 "Right this way..." I say, my hand taking firm hold of the clasp in front of me. Turning it, I open the door and usher you inside a short, dim hallway which ends in a pool of light. Closing the door behind us, I join you and side-by-side we walk forward, the path brightening with each step of the way.

Footsteps echoing off the hard walls, ceiling, and floor, we come at last to a small round room punctuated by a short cushioned platform and pillows scented with lavender and eucalyptus. I've dreamt of bringing you to this place for a month of Sundays, and I admire the alluring swell and sway of your hips as you walk around the platform in front of me, feeling the fine linens and firm cushions there. 

Smiling, I take your hand in mine and look up, nudging my eyebrows up and down as if to point at the ceiling. You look up in response and notice the ceiling is really not a ceiling at all, but rather a circular shaft rising some 20 feet above our little room. Ending in some kind of viewing rotunda, you catch the fleeting glimpse of a dark shape moving quickly away from the edge of the balcony. I am tense with nervous excitement and something in the grip of your hand tells me you are experiencing a similar twinge. 

Turning you to face me, I take your face in my hands and pull you forward in a sensuous kiss, nibbling your bottom lip separately before trailing the tip of my tongue along the top. My heart is beating double-time like bebop jazz as you melt into my arms and our tongues intertwine in the heated dance of the moment.

Dropping our bathrobes into tidy pools of soft cloth around our feet, I take your body and draw it hungrily into mine. Your back arches and together we lean onto the cushioned platform behind you. My hands grasp your hips and back as we fold into the pillows strewn around this bed, and instinctively my mouth descends to caress and taste the warm flesh between your breasts.

Closing your eyes, you let yourself descend into the warm undertow of pleasure as the weight of my body presses fully against you. Your thighs part as if by magic, yielding the wetness of your desire to the probing shaft between my own legs. Slick with your juices, I slide my hips forward and thrust my glistening sex into yours, causing us both to gasp and inhale sharply with this sudden rush of pleasure. And then I am fucking you... pounding and grinding into your pussy with the torrid heat of a thousand monsoons. 

Arms and legs entwined. 

Tongues lashing out and dancing in the glow.

Fingers gripping and probing the soft, yielding curves of our bodies.

Suddenly there is a drop of wetness on us. Then another.... and another. Your eyes spring open and in the half-focused haze of our passion you can see one..... no, make that two (!) men standing above us, ejaculating down onto our sticky, writhing bodies. Cum, glorious cum, is raining down on us as we fuck like primordial beasts. Before you can say anything, there are 5 or 6 men all standing at the rotunda, grunting and moaning as they work to spray the warm rain of their seed down upon us.

For a split second I fear the look in your eyes may lead to protest. But just then a warm glob of cum lands right on my cheek, splattering onto your lips in the process. Without warning, you give way to the intoxicating scent of the moment and your naughty little tongue darts out to lick the cum from my face and your lips. 

Smiling at me, you pull my face tightly into yours so together we can taste the warm cream of this complete stranger. Then another.... and another..... Cum is now splashing on our arms and legs, in our hair, and down onto the sexual union of our bodies. The gooey mess is actually dripping from my ass down onto my balls and coating your pussy as I continue fucking your sweet hole as hard and deeply as I can.

At one point, I even move my body up to give myself room to massage your clit with a handful of juicy, assorted cum collected from your neck, breasts, and shoulders. You orgasm violently and shudder at the sensation of all that strange cream dripping down through your slit, and I too feel a huge climax building within me. 

You don't know the details, but I have arranged to have over 50 men show up and spend their passion upon us as we fuck – first for our pleasure and then for theirs. And with each of their orgasms we can hear a symphony of moans and groans above us as they cover us in the warm rain of their desire.

It is a huge turn-on to be the inspiration of their music, yet also knowing that they cannot touch us directly. They can only watch our glistening bodies slip and slide amidst load after load of their cum - their own personal lube - and we happily taste it and play with it to our heart's content as we fuck ourselves through several cresting waves of pleasure.

Finally, unable to hold on any longer, my hips flash and blur in frantic ecstasy as I tense up and drive my cock deep into your pussy. My muscles lock onto your body as my shaft spasms and shoots jet after jet of cum into your very core. At this same moment you crest into yet another shattering orgasm and dig your nails into my back. We moan. We cry out. We shiver and grind. And then........... we relax into nothingness - our minds and bodies numb with spent satisfaction.

Oh, little death!

Returning to the land of the living, and learning to breathe normally again, my cock slips out of your body and my own little river of cum pours out, joining all the other rivulets of anonymous cream coating us from head to toe. No one is around; they've left us all alone, as per my strict instructions.

As I reach to grab a big towel I smile and, looking deeply into your eyes, kiss you with everything I have.