 I am pumping my stiff, throbbing 18 year old cock into this beautiful mid 20's Farah Fawcett look-a-likes’ tight hot pussy. She’s leaning with her elbows on the kitchen counter in her Hilton Head beach house, talking on the phone to her husband in Indianapolis. Her young twins are sleeping in their room downstairs. Nap time.

Speaking of naps, that’s when I awoke from mine. I was with my family on what turned out to be our last family vacation together. My dad, mom, older brother and 2 younger sisters. Next fall I was off to college, (not for long as it turned out), and these family vacations no longer fit the bill as my favorite way to spend time. 

Not that looking at all these hot, bikini clad girls and women wasn’t enjoyable. After all, I was a hormone consumed teenage boy. It was having the family along for the ride that put a cramp in my style.

Someone else was giving me a cramp of an entirely different nature. The aforementioned Farah clone had been on the beach the first day we ventured onto the sand. It was not easy keeping from getting caught leering at this stunning beauty, clad in a pink and black criss-cross swimsuit. That suit accentuated both her waist and breasts in a way I found mesmerizing.

Fortunately, no one in my family noticed my ogling. But she did. And I as watched her sitting under her beach umbrella, conversing with another young couple, my imagination started to take over. Occasionally she would venture out into the sun to play with her sons or take a quick dip in the water, and I would catalogue for future use every curve of her body. The swell of her full breasts, every flex of her calves, her firm taught ass.

Lust consumed me, but reality constrained me. I was with my family. And although she appeared involved with her friends and family, she also seemed bored. So it was no surprise I interpreted her looks my way as an interest in me. Hey, young guys imaginations are prone to exaggeration. Finding the time to indulge my fantasy proved difficult in the midst of my family though.

The next day I managed to get to the beach by myself, making excuses to my sisters why they couldn’t tag along. The object of my constant craving showed up a short while later by herself. We struck up a conversation, and it turned out she and her kids were in a rental, waiting for the arrival of her husband who was back in Indiana working, but was due to arrive in a couple days. Her sister and brother-in-law also had a rental, and were looking after the boys off and on.

We arranged to go bike riding later that day. She was looking to pass the time until her husband arrived. And bike ride we did. I arrived at her house, and she appeared wearing short green shorts and a matching green spaghetti- strap tee shirt with red piping at the neck. I spent as much time as possible behind her, admiring her legs as they pumped the pedals, and her ass as it rocked from side to side. Visions of those sweet cheeks rocking on my mouth filled my head. I could only imagine the slickness of her pussy lips as they caressed that bike seat.

Alas, as they say, my reward for the bike ride was more fantasies and frustration- and an invitation to her house the next day. She greeted me at the door in the same outfit she wore on our bike ride, placing a finger to her lips to indicate the twins were asleep. We walked upstairs to the kitchen. She led the way, with her lovely bottom undulating hypnotically only inches away. She fixed us Cokes to drink. We chatted. She said she needed to call her husband to see when his plane arrived. He would be flying himself in, as he was also a pilot.

She picked up the phone and dialed, and leaned with her elbows on the counter top. Five feet behind her I leaned up against the cabinets opposite and let my eyes slowly run up the length of her legs, stopping at her outthrust bottom, the green shorts hugging her cunt lips tightly. I took in her bared waist, and the swell of her breasts, hanging captured by the thin fabric of her tee shirt.

As she talked to her husband, I walked up behind her, and rubbed my stiff member into the cleft between her ass cheeks. She pushed herself back into me, grinding her hips as she did so. I ran my hands around her waist, and slid them beneath the front of her shorts, caressing the front of her thighs before reaching her moist, warm tunnel of love. I rubbed one finger along the length of her pussy, and rubbed her stomach with my other hand.

Slowly I pushed her shorts down her legs, as she continued talking to her husband as if nothing was happening. Telling him about how hot it was, how the boys were enjoying themselves, and how bored she was without him there. And as she talked, I knelt and kissed and licked and sucked her pussy like a man having his last meal. I ate that sweet, musky dish until it turned to mush and her body shook and quaked. And I ate and drank. And she talked and talked.

Standing, I took my hard meat firmly in hand and placed the purple mushroom at the entrance to her fiery oven. As I slowly slipped in, she rammed herself back , impaling herself on me. With her free hand, she reached back and grabbed my butt and pulled me into her, urging me faster and deeper. And I slammed into her, feeling her tight, warm fist of love squeeze and massage my cock with every stroke. And she talked and drank Coke and fucked me senseless. As I felt my balls tighten and the sperm rising and my dick swelling, she looked back over her shoulder at me as she wrapped up her conversation with her husband. 

“I’m looking forward to you coming.” she said and grinned . And as she hung up the phone, I woke up from my nap. Again.