 The dream always goes like this:

For some reason, I'm in a locker room. It's hot. My heart is racing, and it feels like the blood is rushing out of my body. I'm not sure what I'm looking for, or if I'm even going to find it. All I know is that I shouldn't be here...

Just when I think that I'm completely alone, I hear him clearing his throat. I can't tell where it's coming from because somebody left the steam room door open and turned it up pretty high. It's so hot and sticky...I feel so dirty.

"What do you want?" I hear his rough, yet somewhat soft and soothing voice ask me.

"I don't know..." I whisper to myself, spinning around, trying to see a face in this forest of lockers and mist.

Suddenly I feel a hand clasped over my mouth. His palm is so soft, and I feel his long, tapering fingers against my skin.

"Don't scream...don't say anything," he says, voice scraping my ear like gravel.

All I can do is freeze and feel myself go limp at the same time as he drags me to a bench behind a row of lockers. I want to struggle, but the heat from the steam and the overpowering smell of chlorine makes me feel weak.

I feel myself collapse on top of him. I can barely hold my eyes open as his lips caressed my ear.

"Is this what you want?" he asks, lips traveling down my neck, nose nuzzling against my shoulder.

"I..." completely breathless, I am at a loss for words. 

All I can do was gasp as his hands wander down my body, clutching at the fabric of my clothes, now damp from the humidity of the locker room. His hands are so demanding, so forceful. I am afraid he will tear at my clothes, reducing them to rags and deepening my humiliation.

But it all feels so good...His tongue tasting my flesh, his hands roaming over and under the folds of fabric clinging to my body. I feel him pull away slightly, and I whimpered, not wanting him to pull away, but all he does is remove his shirt, help me remove mine and unhook my bra. The air feels a little cooler for a moment, but the humidity insured that I would still be in heat.

"There now, doesn't that feel nice?" he asked, planting kisses down my back.

All I can do is moan and emit sharp cries as he kneads my breasts with his soft palms and pulls on my nipples with his dexterous fingers. It hurts, but at the same time I don't want it to stop...

His hands continue wandering downward until he reaches the fly of my jeans. I help him by undoing the button and arching up slightly, spreading my legs and resting my weight on the soles of my feet. I feel his hard chest rise and fall into my back as he breathes heavily. He undoes the zipper slowly, almost relishing in the pain of my anticipation.

Sliding his hand in slowly, I hear him moan. I shift back onto his lap and I feel his hardness growing beneath me. I felt it throb, beckoning to me.

"You're ready for this, aren't you? So hot and wet..." his lips brushed against my ear again, voice like velvet in a hushed whisper.

I still can't say a word. With whatever remaining strength I have left, I reach around the back of his head with my right hand, running my fingers through his hair and pulling myself up to kiss him. I still can't open my eyes, but I feel like a heat-seeking missile. I just know where to go. I want to taste him so bad...

His soft lips accept the kiss eagerly. He gently slides his tongue between my lips. He tastes incredible and his right hand continues probing me again and again...left hand searching frantically for a hold to keep us steady.

Now it seems as if he is the one who can\'t say anything. We continue kissing and touching each other. I still can't see him when I open my eyes from the steam everywhere. I catch glimpses of him on occasion, eyes penetrating me, begging to be let in. I can still feel his need, his urge straining against the fabric of his jeans.

I straddle the leg where he has managed to uncomfortably tuck himself. I grind myself against it and his hand, enjoying the double sensation. I don't hesitate at all, not even for the possibility that I might be hurting him. Still, he doesn't seem to mind.

"Ride it..." I can barely make out his words, they were so guttural, primal.

This only excites me more and I push myself at breakneck speed, squeezing tightly against his long fingers. I feel the heat of his rapid breathing against my neck, even hotter than the steam around us. Right then and there I know, I know that it's about time. I feel the blood rushing back through my body as I abandon myself to the pleasure of his touch, his taste...He felt amazing...from his fingers to his mouth to his breathless sighs into my back.

I gasp and shudder violently against him, feeling the full wave washing over me. I am in full heat now, and so is he. He turns me around violently, pinning me to the bench and presses down on top of me. He removes his pants swiftly and so do I...

As he spreads my legs apart with his knees, ready to thrust inward and press every inch of his hard, sinewy flesh against me...

I wake up. This is right about where I usually wake up in a cold sweat wondering if this really happened.