 She lies in bed in a light but restful sleep, she thinks she hears something, but she still sleeps, so nothing comes of it. 

He snuggles into her sleeping body, in her dreams she sees him cuddling her. He kisses her ear and cheek as she breathes in her eyes still closed. He grabs her tits and caresses gently at first and licks and bites up her neck.

“Hmm,” she extends her neck out and he nips at her ear lobe. 

He lays his head on her neck and breathes in deeply his dick firmly planted on her ass. She pushes back a little still uncertain she is not dreaming. He wraps a hand around her neck and slides two fingers into her mouth, and she instinctively sucks on them. 

She sees herself run her hand up his masculine arm and bites at his fingers. He groans and bites her neck she opens her eyes for a second at the pain and closes them again enjoying the pleasure in it. She runs her hand down to her soaked box he follows her hand with his and drags her hand away. He runs his two fingers over her hole; she opens her legs a little as he has his legs wrapped around her calves so she can’t move too much. 

She sucks on his fingers like they were his cock. She had been told she gives a good blowjob, and in her mind she sees herself on her knees sucking back on his massive member. She thinks on how comfortable it feels to be in this position, like and old comfortable pair of jeans. She applies a little pressure with her lips and pulls her head back, letting her tongue drag lightly. She relaxes her throat now fully lost in the lust of it all, and gently pulls his fingers into her. She feels the energy build within her, the comfortable knowing of how to rock this man’s world. The power she feels the thought of what kind of pleasure she can instill. The soft moans escaping his lips, the look of total comfort on his body, as she slides his cock/ fingers back and forth.  She can’t help it her box is soaked by the thought of the act

He taps on her clit making it swell even more as he lays his fingers lightly on her nub and moves them back and forth making her jerk. She groans sweetly and he runs his hand up her neck pushing her face to his, they interlock lips and she turns around, eyes still closed, thoughts of is this real? Run through her cloudy mind. Her legs seem to move on their own, wrapping around him. He lets his swollen member slide in but doesn’t move. She stops for a minute and looks at him with her sleepy eyes, closes them as he kisses her deeply, she wonders if she is still dreaming.

Slowly he moves his hips and for a second she does not move, she lets her head fall back and he licks up her neck and bites at her chin. She groans, closes her eyes and her head swells into the abyss, he pushes into her and she moves her hips with him, her legs still wrapped around him their lips inter lock her arms wrapped around him, her grabs both her arms pushes them down onto the bed by her head and thrust deep into her, her back arches as she soars into her gasm. 

He smiles his beautiful sideways smile kisses her he pulls his cock out and shoves it into her pink lips his legs on her arms she lifts her head and relaxes her throat letting him fuck her face. He pulls his rod back and shoves it into her face; once again she lets her tongue drag back and sucks a little. She relaxes her throat and pushes in to the hilt, and she feels her nose pressed up against his stomach. He cums into the back of her throat his head tilted back. His back arched as a huge groans comes from his beautiful face. …

He throws his body next to her they kiss and wrap in each other’s arms she opens her eyes to make sure he is really there. 

“Good morning Doll.”

“Good morning sleepy baby.”

Nice to see you are really here.” He smiles at her 

“Why did you think you were dreaming?” She does not answer and just smiles as a soft pink hue comes over her. He chuckles, kisses her cheek and lays his head against her cheek. They snuggle into each other tightly wrapped and gently fall asleep.