 He grabbed my face between his two large hands as he thrust deep into me. So deep, hard. My eyes drifted closed as he moved inside me.

“No, don’t close your eyes,” he growled his hot breath on my face. “I want to see your eyes.”

My eyes opened at his command. My dark brown eyes stared into his clear blue ones. My back was against the wall; my legs wrapped around his waist. His weight and the wall were all that kept my limb body from dropping to the floor. I had already climaxed and yet he kept plunging into me. My inner walls gripped him tightly.

“Please,” I begged. “Oh, God, please,” I wasn’t sure what I was begging for, but I knew the pleasure was surely too much for a mere human.

“More,” he said pressing his body tight against mine. My breasts against his smooth chest; both of us were dripping with sweat. “Take more,” he said as he let go of my face and lifted my hips sliding deeper into me.

I was so close to another orgasm, so close, panting I began to move frantically against him. So very close now.

“Anna, get your ass out of bed and down here,” my roommate’s voice penetrated through the haze of slumber and lust.

Opening my eyes slowly, I looked around. I was indeed in my own house, in my own bedroom, and alone not up against a wall being fucked by a stranger with beautiful eyes. It was the third night in a row that the same dream had haunted my sleeping hours. Every time I woke up with my pillow hugged tightly to me my legs wrapped around it, my breasts aching, my nipples hard, and my pussy wet and throbbing with need. It seemed my subconscious was trying to let me know I should give up my self-imposed celibacy. With a shake of my head, I stood up from the bed my body still flushed from the dream. I showered and changed quickly before heading down the stairs.

My roommate was waiting at the door. She was dressed in her Sunday best although it was Saturday. She looked me up and down in disgust.

I looked down at my jeans and t-shirt, “What?”

“You forgot, didn’t you?”

“Forgot what?” It was obvious that I had.

“We’re supposed to have lunch with my family. Remember? My cousin Joshua finally got his doctorate so we’re having a family afternoon to celebrate.” Jennifer explained clearly annoyed.

“I forgot Jen. Why don’t you go on ahead? Apologize to your family for me, and I’ll join you all after lunch.”

Jennifer nodded before leaving me alone in the house we had shared since college graduation. Jennifer had been my best friend since our freshman year when we were stuck together as roommates. Her family had sort of adopted me somewhere during our college days, so I was always invited and expected to attend all family gatherings including a celebration for a cousin I had never met. I sat down on the sofa looking around the living room. It was small, but very comfortable like the rest of the house. Straight out of college Jen and I had agreed that we had had enough of apartment living, the small house was all we could afford at the time. Now, almost five years later the house was ours, and it suited our needs perfectly.

Sighing heavily, I rose to my feet and made my way back upstairs to change. I put on the only dress in my closet. I now knew better than to show up at a Lander family event in anything other than a dress or skirt. The dress was black, fell to right above my knees, and had quarter inch wide straps at the shoulders. It hugged my curves showing off the body that had taken me countless hours in the gym and the refusal of hundreds of desserts to acquire. I let my shoulder length dark brown hair loose, and decided against putting on any make-up. I slipped my feet into high heeled sandals, and left the house more than an hour after Jennifer. 

When I entered the Lander household, I was immediately engulfed by warm and the familiarity of Mrs. Lander’s disappointment at my tardiness.

I walked up to her and kissed her cheek, “I’m sorry I’m late. I overslept.”

“Hmmph, that’s the story of your life, Anna. I really don’t know how you manage to get to work on time everyday.”

“Three different alarm clocks,” I smiled as I moved toward the stove peering under lids and into empty pots.

“Did you think I would save you any food after you walk in an hour late?”

“I was hoping. Did I miss dessert, too?” I asked a bit sadly. Mrs. Lander made a killer cheesecake good enough for me to break my diet.

With a shake of the head, Mrs. Lander opened the fridge and handed me a slice of cheesecake covered in strawberries. I took it from her and placed another kiss on her cheek.

“Why don’t you go outside and eat that on the back porch?” She asked as I closed my eyes in pleasure at the first bite. “All the young people are out there.”

I nodded unable to speak with my mouth full as I walked out the back door. I sat at the round table and kicked Jen under the table to get her attention; she was in deep conversation with her younger sister. She looked up and smiled.

“Finally,” she said. “I was beginning to doubt you would show up.”

“I thought of blowing it off but then I closed my eyes and saw your mother’s face and your father’s finger waving in my face telling me how ungrateful I was.”

“They would never say that.”

“I know. In my mind the voices belonged to my parents. Since that is exactly what they say at every opportunity.”

Jennifer nodded, in all the years of our friendship she had only met my family once, and the impression had not been a good one.

“I’m glad you did decide to show up,” said Amy, Jennifer’s equally blonde, equally beautiful younger sister. “You get to meet Joshua. Jen was telling me that the two of you had never met. It seems rather impossible.”

“Yeah, we kept missing each other. So, where is this paragon of all that’s good and holy?”

Both Jen and Amy turned their attention toward the football game being played in their backyard.

“He’s the quarterback,” Amy said.

“The one without the shirt,” Jennifer qualified.

My eyes sought out who they were talking about and my mouth went dry. It had nothing to do with the half eaten cheesecake still on my plate. From this distance, Joshua looked good enough to replace the tasty dessert. His hair was blonde; it looked darker than his cousins’ but that might have been because of the sweat that ran down the sides of his face. His face was lean with high cheekbones like a Greek sculpture. He was trim, his shoulders broad, and his muscles well defined. As I stared at him, he looked up, the sides of his mouth lifting in a smile. My own lifted in response. With a quiet word to those around him, he started walking toward the table.

I slipped my gaze away from him and down to my cheesecake as he approached. I looked up and saw him greetings his cousins before turning toward me his hand out for a shake. “I finally get the pleasure,” he said.

I placed my hand in his, “Yeah,” was all I could manage. I moved my eyes up to his face, and was glad I was sitting. His eyes were the clear blue of my dreams. They were the eyes in my dreams glinting with humor and just a touch of danger. I removed my hand from his and tried desperately to control my breathing. In my mind I kept see his eyes as his body pressed into mine. I could hear his voice as he talked to his cousins; the same voice as my dream. Laughter drifted through the haze. 

“Don’t you have to go back to the game?” I asked. My voice unsteady it sound out of use; I wondered if anyone else noticed.

Joshua turned those eyes back to me, “Nah, they can finish the game without me.”

I nodded but said nothing. My ability to speak had deserted me. The cousins started speaking once more. I couldn’t concentrate enough to pay attention. My mind kept moving back to my dream. As impossible as it seemed Joshua was the man from my dreams. He had the same eyes, same voice, same smooth chest, and even his hair was cut in a similar style. In my mind I saw those clear blue eyes boring into mine as he plunged deeper and deeper into me. I could feel his hands at my hips pulling me closer to him, making me take him deeper inside.

“Anna?”

“What?” Eyes unfocused I looked toward Joshua.

“I was just saying how odd that we haven’t met sooner. I’ve heard about you for years, of course.”

“Where are Jen and Amy?” I asked noticing both sisters were no where to be since, and not wanting to get into a conversation with Joshua.

“Aunt Sophie called them. They went back in.”

I grabbed the excuse with both hands and started rising, “I guess I’ll go back in, too.”

His fingers wrapped themselves around my wrist gently but firmly. I wouldn’t be able to break his hold if he didn’t want me to. “Stay,” his voice was hard clearly a command. He gentled it before he continued, “I mean it’s nice to talk to someone who’s not related.”

I nodded and sank back into my chair. His hand was still at my wrist; I pulled on it ineffectually. I seemed I wasn’t going anywhere. “So, what did you get your PhD in?”

“Physics,” he answered. His thumb was making lazy circles on my wrist. My heart beat faster as I tried to catch my breath. I felt his thumb move up and down on my pulse.

“Let go of my wrist,” I said hating the plea in my voice.

He smiled at me then his teeth straight and white. “I don’t really want to. I find that I like touching you.”

His smile had disarmed me. His voice had been low, smooth, and warm like the hot sun caressing your skin on a summer day. I couldn’t think of anything to say.

“Do you like me touching you?” I shook my head, and he laughed. “I think you do. Your pulse is beating wildly against my thumb.” He moved closer to me and lowered his voice, “And it’s only my hand on your wrist, how will it beat when my hand caresses your breasts, or when I’m inside you.” I could feel the heat creep up my face. “Will you moan and pant for me when I taste you?”

I was saved from having to answer by Amy’s voice, “Anna, Jen left to go to Mark’s house, but I need to drop off Aunt Lou at her house. May I borrow your car?”

I tried to stand and turn toward her but the hand at my wrist tightened. I nodded weakly. “Sure.”

“Cool. I’ll be back in an hour or so.”

“You don’t have to hurry,” Joshua’s voice said beside me. He winked at me when I turned toward him. “I’ll give Anna a ride home if you take too long.”

Amy waved as she walked back inside the house. Joshua and I stayed in the backyard for several more minutes. Neither one of us spoke. He stood up and pulled me to my feet.

“Where are we going?”

“I’m driving you home,” he answered as we walked into the house.

We excused ourselves and left Joshua pulling on a t-shirt on the way out the front door. He opened the passenger door of a Jeep Cherokee. The ride to my house was silent. I couldn’t come up with a safe topic of conversation. As we neared the house, my breathing returned to normal and my pulse slowed down. I just needed to remain calm a few more minutes. A few more minutes without remembering that damn dream. I could do it. Joshua drove his car into the driveway beside the house. I barely waited for the car to completely stop before I turned to open the door.

“Thank you,” I mumbled as I stepped out of the car. He was waiting for me as I rounded the hood. “What are you doing?”

“I’m going to walk you to the door,” he replied taking my hand in his much larger one and began walking towards the front door. It was either follow him or be dragged. I followed him.

We got to the front door, I opened it, and turned back to him, “Uhm, as I said thank you.”

“What no kiss goodbye?” I was still shaking my head when his lips brushed against mine. His lips were impossibly soft. His mouth coaxed mine open and I was lost.

I took a step toward him and pressed my body against his. With the heels on, he was only a couple of inches taller than me. My body fit his perfectly. My mouth open under his I felt his tongue exploring it. He tasted the roof of my mouth, the insides of my cheeks, and then his tongue brushed mine. I whimpered into his mouth; my hands in his hair. His hands were on my waist and he was pressing me against him. I could feel his hardness on my abdomen. Moving his hands down, he lifted me up slightly until I cradled him at the juncture of my legs.

He moved us into the house closing the door behind him. He lifted his head and looked at me. My eyes couldn’t focus on him, my mouth was damp and slightly open, and my heartbeat echoed like a drum inside my head.

Joshua stepped away from me and began to slowly circle. I took a step back and bumped into the door. He stood in front of me. He raised his hand. His finger lightly trailed the curve of my cheek. I trembled.

“Do I make you nervous, Anna?”

Enough was enough, I thought as I stood straight the door no longer supporting me. “No, you don’t make me nervous. I just don’t appreciate your high handiness.” I was getting angry now. For the last hour all I had felt was raw lust for this man and worse yet the asshole knew it. It was just too much. His mocking voice had been enough so that my anger pushed aside the lust. “Who the hell do you think you are anyway? God’s gift to women?” I took a step toward him poking him in the shoulder with my index finger. It hurt that made me angrier. “Do you think you’re the goddamn king of the fucking world? That people will just fall at your feet to do your bidding?”

I was on a roll now and nothing was going to stop me from verbally venting out my frustration except a maybe a train plowing straight through me or his fingertips on my lips.

“You’re beautiful when your mad,” he said his voice low; it caressed my skin. “I mean you’re beautiful to begin with,” his fingers moved away from my mouth; he was tracing the slope of my forehead. “I bet you hear that a lot though,” his eyes were trailing behind his fingers, studying me, as they moved down the side of my nose, the curve of my cheek, “just looking at you is driving me insane,” the slope of my lips, down my chin, and arch of my throat, “I can just imagine being surrounded by you. Feeling your hands on my body. Your body underneath mine,” he smiled his fingers on my neck and shoulders moving slowly down my exposed upper chest, “or if you prefer above me.” He leaned into me pushing me once more against the door his hand finally cupping my breast through the dress, his thumb caressing the hard nipple that was poking through it. He leaned close to my ear to whisper as his other hand trailed up my leg underneath the dress, playing with the elastic of my panties, “I can just imagine my cock wrapped around your heat, your wetness. Because you are wet for me, aren’t you, Anna?” he asked as two of his fingers plunged into me.

There was no use denying what he could so obviously feel, so I said nothing. The rest of my body wasn’t as silent. My hips began moving against his fingers wordlessly begging for more. My nipples were hard and ached to be touched without the fabric between skin, and my clit screamed for just a little attention. Joshua moved his head down and took one of my breasts into his mouth, sucking on it through the dress. My back arched; I whimpered. His fingers were moving in and out of me; his thumb finally landed on my clit. He stroked it a couple of times, circling and then running his thumb over it. I moaned as the muscles of my pussy gripped his thrusting fingers tightly. My eyes had drifted closed, but I opened them when I no longer felt his mouth at my breast. He was looking at me his fingers still moved inside me. I was lost in waves of pleasure.

He was no longer smiling; his eyes had gone serious as he leaned into me to take my mouth in a kiss even as his fingers plunged into me one last time. The kiss was all heat and lust. Our tongues met and parried; we explored each others’ mouths, drinking from an overflowing cup. I felt him lift the skirt of my dress up to my waist and then lift me off the floor. He moved my panties to the side even as my legs wrapped themselves around his waist and he thrust into me. I moaned into his mouth. My body moved against his. He ended the kiss as he moved his hands up to my face. His fingers still damp with my juices.

“No,” Joshua growled, his hot breath on my face, “don’t close your eyes. I want to see them.”

I obeyed and kept my eyes open and on his clear blue ones as my body was frantic against his. The depths of those clear eyes made me tremble and then I began to beg. “Oh, God, please, please….” My voice trailed off into a moan as he continued to move in and out of me. Sliding his hot, thick shaft against my sensitive skin.

“More,” he commanded as he lifted my hips going deeper inside me that I ever thought possible, “Take more.”   

I was frantic now. I could feel the end coming. I was so very close, and so was he. His movements sped up, his grip on my waist became tighter, and I knew I would have bruises. Taking my mouth in his once more he plunged hard into me, my back up against the wall. I was panting and moaning loudly now not caring about anything but the pleasure that was waiting. So very close now, just a bit more. One of his hands moved between our bodies; his fingers finding my clit and stroking it. It was too much for me.

“Anna, get your ass out of bed and down here,” my roommate’s voice penetrated through the haze of slumber and lust.