 In the evenings about an hour or so before dusk comes on, I walk my trusty four-legged buddy into a park down the street from where I reside. It is a very large public park, with baseball fields, playgrounds, pools, a skatepark and many more recreational facilities. Up in the corner of the park where I live, are immense fields, nature paths, a winding stream and mostly forest. This area of the park closes at dusk.

Where I walk him is around a long circular path that surrounds a beautiful Gumbo Limbo stand. It's cool beneath these large shade trees. I usually let him loose to run under the trees. The ground is covered with dried up Gumbo Limbo leaves that snap underfoot. I can always keep an eye and an ear on him. About halfway through our walk, I sit on a well-lit park bench and wait for him to catch up to me. There, I pull out the thermos and give him a drink. Then I leash him and we begin our walk back before the park closes. This is our daily routine. It is a wonderful time of day, still warm but cooler in the trees. Occasionally, a runner passes me and we nod to each other. Other than runners, I rarely see anyone.

Tonight, though, I met a woman. She was casually jogging along the path when she stopped and asked the time. I told her that it was seven-thirty and that this part of the park would be closing soon. I asked her if she would like some water and handed the thermos over to her. I watched her as she drank and surveyed her body. Pretty good looking. She was about five foot six and maybe one hundred thirty-five pounds. With a nice head of black hair, she actually was quite attractive. Maybe she was about mid-thirties or forty. Her back and yellow spandex running pants showed a shapely butt and her matching sports bra held nice round thirty-four inch breasts. She observed that I was checking her out and made no mention of it. She sat down next to me to catch her breath.

"That is one beautiful dog," she said, "and very handsome."

"He surely is," I said. "We do this walk nearly every night. Do you run here regularly? I don't recall seeing you."

"No, I hardly jog anymore at all."

"So, what brought you out here to work out?"

"I...um...had a lot of...um...nervous energy. My name is Trish and who are you?"

"I'm Ray and this is Bingo."

"Do you live around here?"

"Yes, just down the block from the back entrance. As I said, we come down here about this time every night. And now, after a little rest, we're heading back."

"Yeah, me, too. I've had enough. I didn't expend my energy and so maybe it's time for a cold shower."

"A cold shower? No, Trish, take a long luxurious warm bath. That'll fix you up."

"That's a fine idea but it's not my fantasy." She let the thought linger.

There was silence. I thought that 'fantasy' was an odd word to use. I sensed that she was bubbling inside; tense, a bit nervous and yet wanting to reveal more. I stood up and said, "Time to go. The park will close in a few."

She got up and stretched which was a mighty fine sight. It was just the kind of eye candy I love. She rubbed her calf and groaned.

"I think what you also need is a good massage."

"I couldn't agree more."

"I know a couple of women and a guy who could fix you right up. They're licensed."

"Do they provide 'happy endings'? I could use on of those, too."

I was surprised that she provided that tidbit. I figured that she had little control over her brain-to-mouth functions.

"Honestly? I'd say that yes, they do. They are all bisexual."

"You sound like you know."

"I do. Each one provides the complete experience. And I give a healthy tip."

She laughed, "I bet you do."

"I have their numbers in the house. I'd be glad to give them to you and you could say that I recommended you, if you like."

Just then the Park cop came by to say that the park was closing so we started to head toward the exit.

"So where is all this nervous energy coming from? Work related?"

"Yeah, somewhat. I recently moved here to take this job and it's not living up to its expectations. I want to stay in the area but I've already started looking for a new job. So far, no bites."

"What do you do?"

"I'm a legal secretary. I work downtown. My boss is an asshole." We left the park and headed down the street. "This is good. I live just around the block."

"I'm right here. Come on in."

Bingo headed straight for his favorite curling-up space by the door. Actually, he has several favorites. I went into the kitchen where I had the masseuses numbers on the a refrigerator magnet and began to copy them for her. Trish walked around the living room. "So, you're a musician?" observing my guitars and keyboard.

"Used to be. Now, I mostly write."

"Really? What do you write about?"

"Mostly interviews with music people for a publication. Two thousand words. And on the side, I write some fiction."

"That's my salvation, too. Writing."

"Published anything?"

"Yes, some stories I've put online. No pay, just a lot of satisfaction. I love the feedback I receive." She looked outside into the backyard. "Oh, lucky you, you have a pool and hot tub. I wish I did."

I flipped on the lights and the pool lit up from within. I pressed a few buttons and the hot tub began to heat up. I turned up the bubbler. "You can use the tub in a few minutes, if you like."

"Oh, snap! I'd love to. Will you join me?"

"Sure. But first, how 'bout a glass of wine? I have a cold bottle of chardonnay."

"That would be nice. Thank you."

We sat outside and sipped the wine. "So what do you write about?"

"Lately, my outlet is to write about my fantasies...erotic fantasies."

Now, I laughed. "Isn't that something. When I'm between jobs, I have to write everyday so I, too, write erotica. I think it's a good release. It lets you flip to the other side of your brain quickly. It allows you to flow. I, too, publish on line."

She laughed a girlish giggle. "I'll have to check them out."

"I'll check yours, too. I like to think I get people off because I get myself off!"

"Are you saying that you get off on your stories? Me, too. I thought that was a little too narcissistic, though."

"Yes, I do get off and I don't care if it is narcissistic. It's a warm vision to me. And I think that if my story is good, it can get many people off. It's like I'm making them cum remotely. That's a very satisfying feeling."

"Interesting. I write just to get myself off. If others like it - and tell me about it - that's very satisfying and erotic to me. What's your sexual angle?"

"It runs the gamut: encounters, threesomes, group sex, bisexuality. Like that?"

"I write rape scenarios, taken by a stranger and bisex stories."

"I'd like to read some of them. So you still haven't told me where the root of your nervous energy is coming from. What's bothering you?"

"Um...I had a tough day...long and intense...and also, um, I was horny and wanted to work it out. Excuse me, may I use your bathroom?"

"Sure, it's in the hallway by the kitchen. The hot tub is almost ready. I'll turn on the bubbler and get my suit on."

She paused a moment. "Um...do we have to wear suits? I don't have one. I thought I would just wear my panties if that is okay with you."

"Indeed. Actually, I was just being polite. I never wear a suit."

"Good. That works ever better." She headed toward the bathroom. I refilled our glasses and placed them on a tray next to the tub. Then I stripped down and sank in. The tub was perfect and I exhaled a huge sigh. The bubbles were foaming and it masked my body.

She came back out in a few minutes still dressed but I was already as limp as a washrag. "Come on in," I said, "at any comfort level."

She thought for a minute and then said, "Are you naked?"

"Yes. Does that make you uncomfortable?"

"No, not really. Stand up and prove it."

I snickered. "You can't see me in the bubbles. I'm perfectly modest. And I'm sooo comfortable."

"Come on, stand up!" She said again, this time considerably more emphatic.

I got up and turned my tush toward her. "See?"

She snickered. "No turn around."

I turned to face her. My cock was all shriveled up and limp.

"Ooh, No hair! That looks cool. Okay, you can sit now."

I sat back down and watched her. "Okay. When in Rome..." With her back to me, she pulled of her sports bra and slipped off her spandex pants. She was wearing a black thong. She slowly shimmied them down and turned around, sliding into the tub.

Now, it was my turn to admire. Her breasts were perfect orbs with little pink nipples. Her vagina was shaved except for a small shock of black hair at the top of her slit. "My, oh my, oh my. You are magnificent." I let out a soft whistle.

"No, not magnificent. Decent, I think. I like my body."

"I don't blame you. I like it, too."

"You can look all you want but no fucking. Do you understand?"

"Sure but you can't stop me from masturbating when you leave."

"That goes for both of us."

We sat in the tub and melted. We passed idle chatter back and forth until she said, "So, what made you shave your pubes?"

"So several years ago, some friends shaved me. I've kept it shaved because I like the feeling...and my dates like it, too. Now, let me ask you. How come you're not attached? I can't believe some hunk hasn't snatched you?"

"I was married. For ten years...but it's a sad story."

"You don't have to tell me."

"No, I will. I met him in college and fell in love. I was so naive. We should have lived together first."

"What went wrong, may I ask?"

"After the wedding, things changed with him. He buried himself in work and had no time for me. Our sex went from every now and then to never. I tried to talk to him but he wouldn't talk to me about it. I tried counseling but it made him angry and defensive. The therapist suggested that he was hiding something and he exploded, vowing never to go back. Things got so bad with his temper that I finally moved out an sought a separation. He called me several times a day berating and yelling at me. I was so miserable, I cried most of the time. And then a month later, he killed himself. He hung himself in his old bedroom in his parents' house. And that is why I moved away and came here where no one knows me and I could start again."

"Wow. That's some story. I'm very sorry that you went through that."

"I've come to grips with it. If he was keeping things from me, he had other issues to deal or not deal with. Like maybe he was guy, I don't know. I'm kind of sorry that I fell in love with him at too young an age. I was naive and inexperienced and somewhat sheltered. I didn't have the tools to help him and I'm sorry for that. So no fucking, you hear?"

"Okay, okay. I hear you and I wasn't even thinking that. But you sure have nice tits." That made her laugh and lightened the mood. "So what do you do for sex?"

"Oh, I have plenty of sex. My palms hurt! Also, I keep running out of batteries! And I fantasize a lot."

"Right. When we were in the park, you told me that you went running because you had tension..."

"I was very horny."

"...and you said something about your fantasy. What was the scenario in your head?"

"I have this thing about being taken in the woods by a stranger and I was creating a story in my mind as I jogged."

"Oh. Good. So, a story is coming soon?"

"Yes. Of course. It's all done. Now I have to type it up."

"I want to read it first. I'll proofread for you,"

"Maybe I'll let you do that. But I have a few questions. Like what's your sex life like? And how old are you?"

Well, I'm about twenty or twenty-five years, probably thirty years older than you, I guess. That just means I've experienced more shit than you, that's all. As for my sex life, like my dick, it's all fits and starts."

"What does that mean? Also, were you ever married?"

Oh, yes, I was married...nearly thirty years. I have kids and a couple of grandchildren. My ex had an affair with my lawyer, stole all my assets and filed for divorce. I was devastated for a couple of years. I lost my house, my business and my life. When I finally recovered from that, I went on a tear. I satisfied every curiosity and indulged myself. I especially learned to love bisexual threesomes with couples. But, since a dear friend and partner passed away, I mostly jerk-off. And that's it in a nutshell."

"Hmm. Interesting." She winced and started to rub her calf.

"You hurt?"

"Just a little discomfort. I tripped while I was jogging."

"Let me massage it. Put your leg up on my thigh." Hesitantly, she did and I began to rub it. I felt a knot midway up her calf. "That's the place, right."

"Right. Not so hard."

I gently rolled the muscle and she began to slip further into the tub. She closed her eyes in bliss. Her breast were under the water but her nipples were just sticking out above the bubbles. I giggled.

Her eyes immediately opened. "What?"

"Can't help it but I love your nipples. They're cute"

"They are, right?" She pulled herself back up on the tub seat. "I love this tub. Can I have it? Please?"

"If you can pull it out of the ground, you can take it."

"I think I'm falling in love with this jet right here." She pointed to the jet directly under her ass.

"If you turn around and let it hit your clit, it will send you to heaven. I like to let it play on my dick and ass."

"It's doing wonders to my ass right now. How do I turn it on my pussy?"

"Turn around and face it. I'll hold you up." She turned around and pulled her legs to her chest. She leaned into the jet and gasped. I placed my hands under her butt and she leaned back on my chest.

"God, this is great. I'm vibrating, I swear. I'm going to come really soon." She gasped again and pushed back again. My dick was now hard and poking her tail bone. I pulled it back so I slipped along her back. She started to rock against the jet. Clearly, she was in love.

"Your cock...God!...I'm c-c-cumming. Oh, yes, yes. I'm going to cum...ahhhhhh." It sounded as though she was crying. Was it pleasure? She soon answered by rocking her head back and forth and mewling, she pressed her clit closer to the jet and began to shake. It was hard to hold her and my arm went around her just under her breasts. And then it was over. She stopped shaking and fell back on me, happily orgasmic. My dick was now wedged between her ass cheeks. She felt it and squeezed. I laughed.

"That was an amazing orgasm. Why didn't I ever know about this?" She reached down and stroked my cock. "Are you going to cum?"

"No, not now. Later..., when I write all this down and I'll jerk off."

"Don't do it later. I want to see you jerk off. I want to watch. I've never watched a guy jerk off before."

"Not even in porn?"

"That's not my taste in porn."

"Really?"

"Come on, let me watch you jerk off?"

"All right, I suppose. Let's get out of the tub first. I'm a prune."

I got out an offered her a towel. Wiping myself, I suggested that we go into the screened porch where it was a bit more intimate. I refilled the wine glasses. I offered her a deeply cushioned Adirondack Chair and took one opposite her.

"I want to ask you a question. You said that you had bisexual encounters, tell me about one while you jack it."

"Encounters with couples or groups. I don't meet men alone. Bisexual when in a group. Single men are not my thing."

"So tell me about one."

I began to tell her about my first time. (Authors Note: See "My First Bisexual Couple" or "Enjoying The Tour Guide". Same story, different sites) As I got to the first of his touching me, she raised her legs up onto the seat, spread them and began to touch herself. I was stroking myself as I told the story and this view hardened me up right away. She liked that and smiled. I sipped my wine and continued my story as we watched each other masturbate.

She got up and moved the chair closer to me. Now, I could stretch out my legs on each side of her. She raised her knees up and comfortably laid back on the chair, already dripping. She never took her eyes off my cock. "Go on."

I proceeded to tell her how I sixty-nined with her on top and him fucking her. How I felt animal when his balls dragged along my head. I was stroking faster by the time I got to her convincing me to put his cock in my mouth and how I did; how I immediately loved it and how I swallowed him. "I'm about to cum, Trish. I feel it boiling up my shaft. She leaned in close watching my cock intently. The first drop kind of dribbled out. I pumped my cock faster. A moment later, I shot several volleys into the space between us, landing on my chest, my thighs and her knee. Nice globby gum. I was panting, trying to catch my breath and settle down.

"That was amazing!" She lifted the cum off her knee and tasted her fingers. " And it doesn't taste bad, either!"

"Was that really the first time you ever watched a guy jerk off? Or tasted cum? Really?"

I never saw a guy do that. It was really, really neat to watch. But no, the guys I've had sex with would never jerk off for me. Never happen. Wham, bam, thank you, ma'am. And what I meant was that cum always tasted sour, salty and bleccch to me. I've never liked the taste of cum. But yours..." She wiped a glob that was on my thigh and put it on her tongue. She rolled it around and swallowed it. "No, you're cum is okay, I mean really. You must have a good diet or something." She leaned into me and wiped my chest with her fingers. She offered her fingers to me and I accepted. Taking her fingers into my mouth and cleaning my seed while sucking her fingers like a cock gave her shivers.

"You are a very sexy man, I mean that. So okay, Ray, you earned this. You want something very few men have ever had or treated well? Most guys wouldn't do it. Come over her and eat me. Lick me right, if you can. You wanna give Kitty a try?"

I got between her legs and lifted her knees up. She had one sweet looking orchid there. I dragged her ass closer and dipped the tip of my tongue although her slit, inside her lips and around her clit a few times. She gasped on the third circuit. "Hmmm, Yeah. Right. Good. Treat kitty nice."

I tapped her clit with my tongue a couple of times and then slowly slid down to her love passage. I stuck my tongue deeply into it and sucked the juices which were flowing freely. I pressed it against the roof of her vagina causing her to shudder and flex. I was going to give this woman the best I could. It was a delicious cunt, too, which encouraged me. I eased out and went back to sucking on her inner lips before I made into her clit hood. Her clit was like a small pearl with fleshy bits below it. I placed my lips over it and sucked on it. She began to shudder again. I could feel her rising, her body responding. I began to flick my tongue sideways across her clit and she grabbed my head and pushed it into her. She was a real firecracker. I increased my flicking with tapping and she was going nuts, bucking and pushing and squeezing my face. She assertively pushed up, arched her spine and came hard. I pressed my tongue flat against her clit and she was gurgling from her mouth producing a steady deep throaty growl. As she settled back down, I looked up at her. Her head was back, her eyes were closed and her nipples were pointing at the stars. I lifted my head, reached up and tweaked them. I couldn't help it.

She smiled. "Good job. Very good job. Thank you."

"Always my pleasure, especially to one so sexy. You taste like a cross between jelly beans and a potato knish. What a treat!"

She laughed. "A potato knish? A little deli, maybe?"

"Yeah, New York Kosher."

"You're silly...and old...and a superior carpet-muncher. I'll give you that. Better than any guy I've had before. Maybe not as good as a woman though, it's hard to say. In any event, that was the release I needed." She pushed me away and stood up. "I'm going now. I have things to do and now I feel energized." She began to get dressed.
