 I awoke and rolled over, my mind filled with thoughts of her. My cock felt a little sore and used...the kind of sore you feel after a good bout of fucking. Actually, my entire body did. That was one hell of a dream, I thought to myself.

I woke up and turned onto my side, pulling my pillow close to me as I recalled the dream I'd had. I reached a hand down and found myself sore, throbbing, and incredibly soaked. I smiled as I pulled the pillow against me and took a deep breath. After a few minutes, I grabbed my phone, noting the time. I sent him a message and settled back in my pillows to await his reply.

I sat up in bed and stretched. It was late for me, and probably a little early for her. No matter. I grabbed my phone, intent on sending her a message. I opened the messaging app and my phone vibrated in my hand. And just like that, there she was. The number of times that has happened of late has been uncanny, and I've told her so. I felt the smile spread across my face as I read her message.

"Can we talk for a few minutes?"

"Good morning, my love. Now? Yes. Go ahead and call me."

I reached for my phone and smiled when I saw his reply come right back to me. I settled back into my pillows and dialed his number. His voice made my heart leap in my chest, just as it always did."

"Hi, love. Did you have a good sleep?" I asked.

"I don't know about sleep, but I had a dream. It was so real; so vivid."

"Oh? Anything good?"

"Mmmmm," she replied, the sound so sexy it made my cock twitch. "More than good."

"Interesting," I said with a smile on my face. "I had a dream too. Why don't you tell me about yours and I'll tell you about mine."

"Okay. I was in my bed, just about to fall asleep. I heard a noise and looked up, and there you were. Standing at the foot of my bed, looking down at me. You walked over to the side of the bed and sat beside me. Without saying a word, you put a hand behind my head and had me sit up. Then you started kissing me. You grabbed a handful of my hair as you kissed me, taking control. I...I felt as if you were commanding me without words."

I sat in silence as I listened, picturing it in my mind. Her words were having a profound effect on me as she told her story. "Go on," was all I could muster at that moment.

"I...I guess at some point you'd had enough kissing. You stood up and looked down at me as you undid the front of your jeans and pushed them down. Your cock was hard and I could see it throb a little. I was staring at it when you grabbed me by the hair again. I knew what you wanted. I wanted it too. I leaned forward and took you into my mouth."

I was silent on the other end of the phone, and my cock was fully stiff as I listened. She paused, awaiting a response from me, but none came.

"Are you there, babe?" she asked.

"I'm here, love," I replied, breaking my silence. "I...I just need a moment," I replied.

I sat quietly for a moment, wondering if he was stroking his cock as I told the story. Finally, he began to speak.

"I watched your face as you slid your mouth up and down on my cock. I knew you needed me to take you, to show you. You needed me to be a man; I felt it coming off of your body. The truth is, I needed it as well. I needed to take you," he said. 

His words knocked the wind out of me. In that moment, the world seemed to have shifted in its axisjust a bit. I listened to him as he continued.

"I thought about having you finish me, but I didn't want that right then. I wanted to be inside you. I pulled you back by your hair, looking down at you. The moment of confusion you had didn't last, as you realized what I needed."

I felt as if I were in shock. I did. I knew what he needed, and I needed to let him take it from me. But how...how could he know? How?

I could tell from her silence that she had just realized what I already had. Rather than bring it up, I just continued.

"I needed to fuck you and fuck you hard, but first, I wanted to do something else. Still holding you by the hair, I stood you up and brought your face to mine so I could kiss you. I attacked you with my lips and tongue, my hunger like that of a starving man. My hand found its way between your legs, fingers slipping inside your already dripping pussy. I toyed with you for a while, loving the sounds I forced out from between your lips. By the time I touched your clit, you were trembling with need. I brought you along like that, kissing you and touching you."

"My god. You were just taking what you wanted from me," I said. "And then came that moment. You pulled my head back and looked into my eyes, victory written all over your face. Come for me, you said. Now. You...your words...I fell apart into a million pieces right at that moment, just as you knew I would. I have never in my life come with such intensity as I did right then. I have never felt anything like what I felt in that moment. I'd only dreamed about it."

"But I wasn't finished yet. I needed to be inside you. We ended up back on the bed, you on your knees with your ass in the air and face in the pillows..."

and you were behind me, rubbing your cock up and down my pussy, driving me mad with need...

"I might at times make you beg, make you ask...but then, I was taking whether you asked or not. I slipped the head of my cock inside you, easing..."

into me an inch at a time. Your cock was burning hot. I could feel its heat spreading through my body like wild fire."

"I started to fuck you, hard and fast, listening to you grunting as I slammed home at the end of every stroke."

I couldn't think of anything other than your cock inside me, making me yours, stroke after stroke, pounding into me. We were feral at that moment, the primal animals within us having taken control. You would have me because nature demanded it, and I succumbed willingly."

"I felt myself getting close and had no intention of stopping. I was going to mark you as mine. Grabbing hold of your hips, I fucked you harder than ever. I think I was growling, but I'm not really sure. I was a beast cognizant of only one thing,"

"I could hear you making sounds like I'd never before heard. I moved with you as best I could, waiting, waiting. I needed you to finish me by finishing in me. When it came, your growling filling the room, I felt each pulse as you filled my womb with your cum. I swear I could feel you branding me with it...branding me from the inside out as belonging to you. It was what I wanted...to be yours, and you had succeeded in doing it."

We went silent for a moment, both of us gathering our thoughts. Finally, I spoke first.

"How? How did we have that same dream at the same time on the same night? How?" I asked.

"I don't know my love. Maybe...maybe it isn't a dream. Maybe...it's a memory somehow."

"Maybe, I said. But I have to tell you. I felt very well fucked when I awoke this morning. As if all of that had just happened."

"So did I," I replied as I stood to go pee. When I did, the inside of my thighs became drenched with fluid that oozed out of me. It was more than just me; of that I was sure. I don't know how, but once again, magic had visited us in the night. And magic was beautiful.