 Let me tell you about a dream that I had the other night...

...I was with you, in your shower. Embracing you, our slippery bodies sliding hungrily against each other. You trailed kisses lightly down my neck, my chest, my stomach. I gasped as you took me into your mouth, clutching my balls in your hand. Slowly, softly your warm mouth traveled up and down the length of my shaft, stopping now and then to stroke it, sucking on the head. I was moaning in time with your movements, slowly and agonizingly sweet at first, then building. You squeezed my cock in your hand, and plunged your mouth over the swollen head. Soon, too soon for it was blissful, I felt myself building to an explosion. My hand was tangled in your hair from stroking and pulling, I guide your movements in the last few moments. As I felt the tension break over, I pulled my cock out of your mouth, and you stroked me with your hand, pulling and squeezing. I felt myself spilling semen onto your beautiful breasts, convulsing as I emptied myself for you, onto you.

I lifted you to your feet, turned you into the spray, and gently rinsed you clean. You bent to "get the soap", pressing you sweet little ass into my semi-hard erection. That was all it took to get me interested, I turned you away from the shower, pressed you against the wall, and began rubbing my body against yours. I slid the head of my cock against your clit, between your swollen labia, teasingly slipping away. I reached around to massage your nipple with one hand, and you clit with the other. I heard you gasp, and guided myself into you. Slowly, I pressed myself into you, overcome with the feeling of being enveloped in your warmth. Since the urgency of my passion had been relieved a bit, I was able sink deeply into you, pinching a nipple here, pressing into you clit, trying to bring all centers of passion together. I slipped into a strong, slow rhythm, each thrust slipping a bit more fully into you, and drawing soft gasps and moans from you. I could feel your peak building, rising to the first peak of a long weekend...

And I woke up...

As you can imagine, when I woke up, I wanted only to be in your arms, kissing you, filling you...I fell back asleep, stroking myself and thinking of you...

...I could look up and see you from between your parted thighs. You were all I knew, all I could taste, see, hear, smell, feel. I nibbled kisses down your leg, from your toes, trailing along your inner thigh. Moving close up to, but short of, the edge of your pubic hair. My lips brushed your clit as I moved across to your other leg. I bit down, and suck lightly on your thigh, you jumped, and tried to direct my lips closer to your warm and glistening pussy. I went eagerly, wanting to taste you. I slid my tongue slowly from your ass, slipping up between your pink folds, brushing, then flicking your clit. I slipped my tongue into you as far as I could, trying to fill you with it. My lips were mashed up against you, my tongue inside you, my hands gripped your thighs tightly. I lapped my tongue against you, then slid up and flicked your clit, before wrapping my lips around it. You sighed when I slipped a moistened finger into you, then bucked when I curled it. I then set upon you moist little pinkness, lapping and sucking, rubbing and squeezing. Your breathing increased, I could feel you muscled tightening around me. I loved the feeling of watching your legs quivering, your hips rising, squeezing your breasts and groaning. As you tightened your embrace around me, I could feel the tension build, peak, and start to subside. As you sank back into your pillow, I crawled my way up your body, planting kisses, here, biting a nipple there. You started to speak, but at that moment I slid my entire length into your sopping wet pussy. What you were going to say is lost in a gasp, and we wrap tightly around each other. I pulled your hips tight against me, grinding into you and filling you as much as I can. A moment later, we pulled back, and clenched each other again, and again, thrusting and grinding. I felt myself slipping smoothly in and out of you, warm and soft, moist and smooth. Our lips are grinding together with equal urgency, the tempo building. Overcome with pleasure I began thrusting madly into you, faster, stronger, building to a huge climax, pulling you along with me. Our orgasms roll over us simultaneously, we clench in a mad embrace, declaring our love, calling each others names, grunting and moaning. And as we fell back to the mattress...

I woke up again...

...this time, I feel I am cross (I don't know why). You cuddle up to me, asking if you can help. I tell you that yes, you can indeed. I instruct you to strip naked and lie on the bed. I move into the other room and rummage around for a moment. I come back with a cloth-lined collar with a leash attached to it. I tell you to get on your hands and knees, you comply. I fasten the collar around your neck, and turn you around by pulling lightly on your leash. You respond well. You bark playfully at me, and wiggle your cute little ass in the air. You have no idea what's coming...

I bind you in your current position, knees to elbows, so the only two positions you can assume are on your knees with your head down, or on your back, with arms and legs suspended above you. I slap you lightly on the rump, rubbing away the sting, and then again, a bit smarter. I smack each of your cheeks several time, making them rosy, then massaging them to make them sensitive. I slip my hand between your legs, finding you heating up. I massage your clit for a moment, them slap you again on the ass. I slide a finger into you, applying pressure here and there, stroking you from the inside. You moan a bit, and I withdraw my hand, and smack you again.

I've decided I am ready for you, so I turn you around so your ass is hanging off the side of the bed. I guide the tip of my cock in, then smack you twice, once on each side. You turn your head to comment, but I give a tug on the leash, and slide all the way into you. You moan as I pull it back out, completely. I reach down and rub against your clit for a moment, and as your hips begin to move, I slip back into you. Now I'm taking you. I thrust into you, reveling in the feeling of the delicious friction between us. We are both building, our movements becoming more urgent. I can feel my balls slapping your clit, can feel you muscles begin to quiver. But I beat you to it. In the last second, I pull out of you, and spray my juices on you from behind. You protest, and try to move back against me, wanting me inside you again. I get up, and leave you wanting. 

I return briefly, and towel you off a bit. I ask you if you would like me to continue, you respond in the affirmative. I roll you over onto your back, propping your legs up to relieve the pressure on your bindings. In this position, you are open to me. I kneel and begin to lap my tongue against your clit. I slip a finger into you, massaging you from inside, while my lips and tongue continue their assault on your lips and clit. You are close by now, but I vary the pace, keeping you just away from the edge. I continue in this manner, building you up, but always stopping you just short, I don't want you to cum yet. I retrieve your toy, and press its vibrating egg against you. In this position, I can slide my once-again-hard cock into you, and maintain the pressure of the vibe against your clit. I pull your feet high in the air, and begin pumping myself into you. I pull out suddenly, and take away the toy, leaving you empty and hungry.

I roll you over onto your side, gasping for the unreleased tension built up in you. I pull your face over to the edge of your bed, and slip my cock between your lips. You recoil at first, but I slap you again on your ass, and give another tug on your leash. I pull you close to me again, and again slip myself into your mouth. This time you take it down. I support your head, as your hands are bound, and slide my cock in and out of your warm mouth. I reach around to finger your sopping wet pussy, slipping one, then two fingers into you, then finding your clit. I slip in and out of your mouth, and your pussy, savoring the heat and wetness of both. I can't take much more, and neither can you. I pull my cock and fingers out of you, then prop you back up on your knees. I move up, and put the tip in again. You try to move back against me, drawing another slap, but you have no leverage, and can't really move. You feel me pouring a bit of lube over your ass, massaging it in, letting it dribble down your crack, and around my cock. I ease the tip of a finger into your ass. Back and forth a bit to make it slippery. I slip my cock slowly, inch by inch, back into you. I ease it back out, then in again. I reach down to massage your clit, then slip into you again, building a rhythm. The pent up tension is threatening to spill over as I bury your face in the pillow and fuck you from behind. As I feel your body tense, I pull all but the tip out, then ram it into you, sliding my finger halfway into your slippery ass. The foreign sensation is all you can take, and you begin bucking and writhing against me, calling my name...

I gently unbind you, massage your tender body, wrap you in a blanket, and tell you that I love you. I hold your quivering body until sleep takes us both, to my next dream...