 I woke up in my dream. It was so dark I couldn't tell the difference if my eyes were open or closed. But I'm not afraid of this dark, this kind of darkness means I'm about to arrive somewhere. It slowly began to get clear, I could see a tiny spot of yellow light, growing bigger and warmer. I could hear my heartbeat and then, beside me, I felt someone breathing. The breathing was fast paced, not slow like when someone is breathing in their sleep. I could see the shadow of a man kneeling next to me. Him again. 

Corpulent, imposing, bending over me. I see his face in the dim light, he was watching me sleep but his eyes pierced right through my dreams and pulled me into his own, I was now in his dream. There are no words, no hello, how are you? no introduction needed. We know who we are and why we are here. I look at him, take of my clothes, and lay down on my back. I wait for his move. He touches my hair, then slowly with the tips of his fingers, he caresses my face, down my neck, shoulders, breasts. He opens his hands and covers my breasts. His hands are big, I like that. My nipples get hard against the palm of his hands. He squeezes ever so lightly.

He continues his travel across my body, caressing my skin, I get goosebumps. He stops when he gets to my pussy, fingers playing with my clitoris. I begin to get wet. He opens my thighs, and dives in. I feel his warm, wet tongue playing with my lips and it's making me extremely hot and nervous, a laugh escaped me, I laugh when I'm nervous and excited. It's not a big laugh, just a timid reaction to something that feels so good. I'm lost, I don't know anything else but the feeling of warm waves over my skin, and his tongue running circles inside me. I am close.

I splash an orgasm, he licks it up and drinks me like a thirsty man in a desert. I finish with a loud exhaling breath. My body goes limp for a moment, he turns me on my stomach. I hear him undoing his belt, unzip his pants, my heart races with anticipation. He bends over me, I arch my back and reach for his lips. We kiss. His beard feels rough against my skin. I like that. His chest is against my back, I begin to feel the weight of his body. My heart beats faster, I feel the warmth of his skin and the tickle of chest hair. I like that, too. We both breath in each other, our hearts both beating together, my lips tremble under his burning kiss.

The trembling spreads to my breasts, my stomach and accumulates in pulses of my overflowing vagina. I am anxious for penetration. But he won't give it to me, not yet. I ask nicely, "please penetrate me". He answers, "wait". I wait, my breathing is getting shorter as he gets heavier. He reached with one hand for my neck, it feels weak and small under his grasp. He could so easily hurt me, but I know he won't, he is after all a gentleman. I wriggle under his body, it's hard for me to stay still. But he tightens his grip on my neck and orders with a commanding voice in my ear, stay still if you want me to penetrate you. I stop moving, I stop breathing.

With his free hand, he placed his cock between my legs, slightly open, just enough so he can enter my body. It's a tight fit but he forced himself slowly until the tip of his penis is just entering my pussy. I'm gasping for air, I ask again to be penetrated but he stops me, covering my mouth with his hand. He whispers, 'stop asking or you will not get what you want'. He slowly entered my pussy but I tighten my thighs trying to resist his penetration. He didn't like that. He grabbed my neck again and said loudly in my ear, "you dare resist me? Don't resist me". But I turn my head and whisper back in his ear, "I'll resist you if I want". He let go of my neck, with both hands he opened my thighs that I tried to keep closed, one strong push and he was deep inside me.Yes!

Yes! I beat him! I got penetrated just like I wanted. That pissed him off. He stayed deep inside my pussy but wasn't pushing in and out. I tighten my thighs and vagina trapping his penis so he couldn't come out. He grabs my hair, pulls it up and bites into the back of my neck. I push myself against him, moving my hips as best I can under him trying to penetrate myself but he presses me down letting his full weight fall on me. I can't breath. I try to get out from under him, but he overpowers me, he grabs my wrists and force me to stay. It's pointless trying to fight, he's so much bigger and stronger than me. I know the only way to win is to let him have his way. I let go. He straightens up, pulling me with him to a kneeling position, my back to his chest, still holding tight to my wrists, pressing them against my breasts. HIs cock is pulsing inside my pussy, I can feel his 10 ½ inches of hard dick coming in and out. 

I am like a rag doll, limp and useless in his arms, I have surrendered to him. He is my master. He drops my wrists and push me down until I'm bent down doggy style. Unexpectedly, he slaps my ass hard, it makes me scream, he covers my mouth. The pounding he's giving me is deep, relentless, and I can't hold myself up. He grabs my hips and keep me from falling over, penetrating me wildly and without mercy. I can scream freely now that his hands are busy with my hips, my pussy is ready to have an orgasm, he increases force and speed. I feel his cock engorged and ready to deliver. I finish first, a dripping, loud, exhausting orgasm just how he wanted. The hammering slows down, almost to a stop. I drop limp on the bed, exhausted, sweating and completely satisfied. But he was only getting started.

I rest for a few minutes, catching my breath, he's bending over me, still fully engorged. I turn to look at him, his chest is heaving. I sit up and kiss his lips softly. his hands caress my back, gently he lays me down again on my back. I am still weakened and very cooperative. He places my legs stretched out and crossed them. Again his dick has to push through my thighs to enter inside me. We are in a position he likes to call the missionary and the mermaid. He slips his huge cock inside me easily, my pussy being very wet and stretched. The pressure on my clit is making me go wild, I grab his ass and push him deeper inside, moving my hips in alternating circular, up and down movements like a mermaid. The arousal is maddening. We have reached a slow and decadent rhythm, enjoying each other's movements, rissing our bodies' temperature. I desire his orgasm, I ask him to give it to me. We are no longer playing any roles, who dominates who, it's just us, our heat, our sweat and our breathing. Breathing. Heaving, Gasping, Kissing. Penetrating. 

The long desired orgasm comes with a roar and a tremble, filling me with hot liquid. Pulsing, one, two, three...six..my pussy overflowing. His body, dripping from every pore, falls limp and heavy over me, bathing me with his perspiration, mixing it with mine, we embrace. Then he rolls over, bringing me on top. I am very tired, I nestle down with his arms still around me, and doze off. 

When I open my eyes, I'm in my own bed. Alone. But the feeling of being fantastically fucked lingers until after my third cup of coffee during breakfast...