 She is there standing before me. I see the sparkle in her eyes and realize that she is so alive. She has told me before that she does feel good in jeans but tonight she has dressed to kill for. I see her tight yet simple dress clinging to her body in the bar when she awaits me to pull her chair back and allow her to sit next to me.

It starts with small talk and how our day went but I can see we both are a littler nervous and looking to escape this bar and be together alone. We are drinking but not alcohol, not tonight for her she is wanting to feel everything just as it is. I ask her if she would like to go to my room and be alone with me and she tells me she would love to. So I pay the tab and off we go to the elevator. 

I hold her hand and feel her shaking a little not knowing what will happen in the next few hours but wanting so much to please her. We get to our floor and I open the door for her as she steps inside and scopes out the room. Champagne is waiting for us as I take her coat and notice she looks beautiful tonight, so vibrant and so fantastic. I ask her if she would like to have a drink and she tells me in a few minutes as she closes the gap between us and I feel her right up against me. She so exciting to have against me and I can feel my hardness rise and I have no doubt the she does as well. How could a lady standing so close and so tight against me not begin to feel my hardness grow.

And then the kiss, we kiss so passionate and so deeply. Our tongues are matching each other’s as if it were a wrestling match finding and forcing each other’s tongue to dance together. I can feel her responding to me now as her breasts crush against me. I can feel my lady tense as if she were cumming but yet I feel her driving hard to match our kissing as we take each other’s breath away. Her fingers are gently caressing my neck and shoulders and we continue to kiss as our passion rises. My hardness is fully pressed against her now and she responds by pushing harder against me.

Then my new lover pushes away, she is backing up a step so I may watch as she takes the clip out of her hair that she has wore up for this occasion and she slowly lets her hair fall around her shoulders. Her eyes have changed now, I can see the passion in them as she reaches behind her and unclasps her dress and in one swift motion it falls to the floor at her feet.

She sees my reaction as I see her beautiful, sensual body in front of me. I can’t help but love what I see and want her with animal instincts. My new lover has chosen not to wear a bar tonight and I love her breasts, so full and yet so tender, her nipples are almost hard as she stands before me for this brief minute. She has also chosen to wear a garter belt with thigh high stockings on this beautiful night. I can’t believe how beautiful this lady is so much more with only her high heels and stocking and garter belt, so sexy and so erotic.  

This lady doesn’t know it yet but I am sure she knows this evening will go on for quite a while. I am going to enjoy making love to her, taking her slowly and making sure she is satisfied and fully pleasured. Nothing will ruin this evening as I begin to take my shirt off in front of her. I can feel she wants to come close and crush my body once again but I whisper to her to please stand there and wait until I am ready. It is not long before I have taken my pants, shoes and socks off, as I stand in front of her. All that is left is my boxers and I decide to leave them on for now as I move towards her and once again kiss her deeply.

Only this time nothing separates us as our skin is against each other now and I feel her passion come on stronger than before. As we kiss I slowly caress her neck and shoulder and move my hands in front to cup her soft breasts. They are so large and so beautiful and I hear a moan escape her lips as I hold them. She feels my fingers firmly holding her nipples and I feel them grow quickly in my hands.

Now it is my turn to back away, to back up just enough to lower my mouth over each breast, one at a time and lick and suck each nipple into my hot mouth. I am still close enough to feel her reaction as I do. She has raised her head and tilted it backwards as I gently suck each nipple. Sucking it softly at first then harder as she presses any part of her body that she can against me. Her hands are now on my back trying so hard to pull me even closer to her. A slight moan escapes her once again as I suck hard enough to harden her nipples. I am also cupping and gently squeezing each of her beautiful breasts and unknown to her as of yet she will be glad she has worn no panties this evening and I use my fingers to explore lower now.

My new lover is still holding my body as tight as she can against her, and I am almost kneeling in front of her as my fingers find a very wet, very moist opening between her legs. I can feel her shutter as I gently caress her pussy now, she has tried so hard to stand still and allow me to explore but I can feel her gently pushing her wet pussy towards my fingers even harder.

I am gently licking her belly button and using my tongue as if it were a weapon to lick deep and swirl around in her. Her hands are now grasping my head even harder trying to push my head down farther as she slowly spreads her legs wider and I know she is ready to feel my pleasurable tongue inside her body. She is almost weeping as I use my fingers to spread her outer lips and my mouth now covers her opening. She is so ready, so hot!

“OH MY GOD” is all I hear as I felt her trembling and then a rush as her wetness started flowing into my mouth, she was cumming good and strong and she really didn’t know it was only the beginning of this evening. Her hands were digging into my hair as I felt her breathing shorten and I knew she was ready for yet another climax, so I raised my mouth a little finding her little bud and then I started to nibble a little on the hood as she came even harder and longer this time. 



My newfound lover could hardly stand anymore without my helping hands holding her upright. But then I allowed her to go to her knees with me, as I wanted to kiss her once again. This time she didn’t want to stop kissing me and I felt her hands wander for the first time as she reached for my hardness and I could feel her soft gasp as she found my manhood. She knew that I would fill her with all of my 9 inches this evening and she knew she would enjoy it so very much. 

She when crazy trying to stroke it and hold me, but I backed up once again and standing in front of her I lowered my boxes so she could finally get a good look at my cock. I could see her eyes fill with lust, the turned so cloudy and so determined a look in her face as she moved close taking the head into her open lips. 

Yes she was good; she was very good taking my sensitive head in and sucking as hard as she could on it. She knew the head was the most sensitive part of a man’s cock. This was not the first time my lover has sucked cock and I knew by her movements she was enjoying it as well. Each time she when down my shaft she was taking more and more in her mouth. I felt her inch downwards and then as if on cue I felt the head of my cock at her throat opening. 

She knew I was building and yet she kept her pace up. Tonight I was wondering if she was going to take me down her throat or just as much of my 9 inches she could handle but it didn’t take long for me to feel her throat open for me as she slid my cock into a very hot wet opening. Yes I felt my lover’s fingers caressing my balls and I knew it would not take long at this pace to build to a climax as I tensed and felt my juices filling my balls. My lover knew this and as she held my balls in her fingers I told her if she didn’t quit I would cum very soon, but all this did was excite her even more, she was very aggressive and started fucking my cock with her silky throat. I was done for now, I knew I would cum no matter what and all that was left was to enjoy it as she assaulted my cock with her throat. I didn’t even know if she got all of me inside her and didn’t care as the river started to flow.

Jolt after jolt I came, holding whatever I could with my hands to grip hard as I came. And as usual if I don’t cum for weeks I can very well continue to cum over and over as I felt the second wave hit and she was relentless taking more of my juices and then she must have heard me cry softly as she slowed her pace knowing that tonight would not end this way but yet there was much pleasure to give yet.

Dreams, Part one