 It was like a dream come true. The man you feel to be the best thing since sliced bread says in so many words that he wants to fuck you. Not the most romantic thing to say to a girl but when your feeling down then nothing quite touches those senses than to make you feel like a sex goddess (or a slut!). After a pint things seemed perfect, I couldn't have asked for anything more. 

After the initial shock and disbelief I felt very wary. After all he just said that was what he was after and you can't get any more blunt than that. I questioned him more and I was right that was all he was after but there was more to it than that, or was that what I hoped. He left it up to me to decide what I wanted, but that was difficult. I wanted to be with him and to make him mine, but if that meant lowering my standards, then I wasn't interested. I was going to see his attempts to seduce me knowing full well that I would say no. I might risk being called a prick tease but he needed to be brought down a peg or two. 

I went to his room and we talked for ages, the first real conversation that we really had. He was intelligent and really made me think. I began to wonder if there was more to this man I had previously thought shallow. He made me a coffee and we talked for what seemed hours, a real battle of wits. We were both trying to impress one another. I don’t know about him but it was working for me!

He got on to the subject of sex (surprising enough) and I began to see him in the light of a man who was in actual fact was trying to seduce me. He was talking about how to turn women on, how to give them the best sensations, make them have the best orgasms. I however was not so strong as before as he began to eat away at my hard exterior and found my weak spots inside. He was talking in a manor in which I had never been talked to before. He was using my most erogenous zone, my mind.

I was now very vulnerable and he knew. He began to talk so softly and move closer. He began to undress me with his words. He began to look straight at me, and this man I had wanted all year, had turned me on in his room, with out laying a finger on me. I wanted so much to say no to him as I had planned to. I wanted to walk out as I planned to. I wanted to show him I was not that easy. I wanted to fuck him as much as he wanted to fuck me. 

I decided I would do it for myself, after all I had had a limited sexual experience and he was, by the performance he had just given, a master of the highest level. He was giving me my cake on a platter but would I eat it?

Yes.

I looked at him and gave him a look which said come on then show me what you can do if you think your so good. Up till now we had not touched. He told me to drop my head and close my eyes. He moved closer and brushed my hair from the back of my neck. As soon as he touched my hair my heart leapt from its home to my mouth. It began to race as he breathed on my neck. His hot breath sent shivers down my spine and I was already throbbing. 

I could feel his whole body next to me and his presence filled my mind. He wasn’t even touching me, I felt like a sexual time bomb about to blow as soon as he did. He was teasing me with his lips, breathing on me so I knew how close he was with out touching me. He was sitting behind me now and I felt his arms go around me and pull my top out from my jeans. 

I could still feel his head close to mine. He brushed his cheek against mine and I turned towards him. He placed both hands round my head and turned my head back. I nearly melted to his touch his hand were warm and soft. I was at his mercy, I was putty in his hand, he could do what he wanted and I would probably let him.

He ran his hands down and stroked my neck with delicate brush of his fingers. He had found another of my erogenous zones and was stroking me to ecstasy. I couldn’t help but squirm in my seat. I was throbbing so much that I thought he would have to feel it. I wondered if he had an erection and if he was throbbing too. He was looking at me as though he was examining me, concentrating on every thing he did. 

He decided now would be a good time to kiss my neck and as he did I let out a gasp. My hot blood was rushing through my body. I was being kissed, nibbled, bitten and I loved it. I had never felt so much passion and desire. I just let myself go and closed my eyes to the rest of the world. I was in my own world now.

He was kissing up my neck and across my face. The trail he left with his lips was tingling. My breathing was getting faster and deeper. He was lifting my top over my head and I let him move my body to where he wanted, after all he initiated this so he could do all the work. He pushed me back on to the bed and placed my arms beside my head on the pillow. He then let his hand fall on to my chest and let them follow the contours of my breasts as he moved down to my jeans.

Every pop of the buttons on my flies made the throbbing in my now sodden cunt even stronger. In a second my shoes, socks and jeans were a crumpled heap on the floor. He looked at me again examining my body, the curves, the hair and colour of my skin. He traced a line around my knickers and bra and left a trail of burning skin. He slowly pushed my bra strap off my shoulders and kissed the top of my breast. I arched my back in pleasure and he put his arms under my back and pulled me up so he could undo my bra. 

He then pushed me back on the bed and rubbed me firmly from under my chin, down my neck, down my chest, in-between my breasts and down across my belly to my knickers. He hooked his fingers through them and slid them down over my legs. I was lying there naked and alive in front of this man who was about to ravish me. I was in sexual heaven with a master of the art. 

He crawled up between my legs and rubbed his hands up the inside of my thighs. He began to rub my lips and clit and I felt an orgasm well up inside me. He felt me pushing against him to feel his fingers in my cunt and so did the opposite. He was controlling every feeling I was experiencing and he was getting off on it. 

He stepped away from me and slowly began to undress; he never took his eyes off me. He did have an erection; the head on his dick was red and glistening. He knelt in-between my legs again and lent forward to kiss my nipples. I couldn’t stand being passive any more and I grabbed hold of his head and pulled him up to me to kiss him. We were a mess of arms, legs and bodies as we rolled around on the bed. He was kissing me as deeply and passionately as I had ever been kissed before. 

I was aching for him so much and longed for him to fill me up with his dick. He was pushing me away from him again on to the bed and grabbed his cock and started to pump in front of me. He placed the head to the entrance of my cunt and rubbed up and down, rubbing my clit in the process. He was also rubbing his dick with my juices and rubbing all over my lips and legs.

He was teasing me so much. He was placing the head of his dick at my cunt, pushing it in an inch then out again. He was moving very slowly and I wasn’t sure I could take any more. I told him I was about to come and he thrust as hard as he could, harder and faster with every stroke. I came with waves and waves of pleasure. My whole body was sweating and hot. I was throbbing from head to toe. 

I collapsed back on to the bed but he was far from finishing. My cunt was on fire, hot, wet and pulsating with every beat of my heart. He sat up still with his dick inside me and pulled me up with him. He held me so tightly between his arms and moved me up and down on his dick. I could rotate my hips to give him and myself the best feelings. I could use my cunt muscles and suck him up inside me with every stroke.

We were kissing passionately. I was stroking and scratching his back and he loved it. I was riding him with all the energy I had. He was rubbing his hands all over my back and down to my arse. He reached behind, wet his fingers with the juice oozing out of my cunt and went in search of my arsehole. When he found it I screamed with pleasure. He slowly moved his finger in and out and I could feel my second orgasm building up inside.

I began to moan again and he knew. He held me so tightly and began to fuck me harder and deeper. The sensation in my arse doubled the pleasure and when I came it was the best feeling I ever experienced. I felt it was never going to end. He came at the same time and pumped copious amounts of seed in to my greedy cunt. His whole body tensed and spasmed. He was as hot and sweating as I was.

The feeling after an orgasm is the best ever. Feeling so relaxed with the odd twinge of your cunt sending little reminders all over your body of the last orgasm. I had never been fucked so well and for the sheer lust of it. I didn’t care how he felt, as he had wanted it probably more than I did. I didn’t know if it would ever happen again and didn’t care. I had the orgasm to remember.