 That said, I believe that even in the most 'perfect' relationship, secrets are kept until the keeper is ready to set it free, if ever. I have secrets and, one day, I'll even let my husband know about them and I'll ask him to share his secrets, in return. Oh, I know he has them and, like him, I won't be angry at whatever he tells me, nor him with me. It's a good thing that we've had these past 25 years, and I wouldn't change a thing. Through these writings, I've decided to share...

Years ago, a few years after we had met and married (not a first for either of us), we began exploring sexual fantasies and joined a 'social club' (read: Swinger's Club). He and his ex were swingers. I wasn't but had always wanted to try it. We did and I loved it from the first meeting with another couple, quickly adding threesomes, gal-sex, and inter-racial sex to my playbook. It was all good. We usually participated as a couple but also, sometimes, as a single with others. Both of us did so. Most he knew about, some he didn't. What follows are the trysts I didn't tell him about.

We had moved to Arizona and I contracted with my employer to fly back and forth between my home and headquarters, training my replacements and overseeing an acquistion of a smaller competitor. I worked the first three weeks of the month, no weekends, the balance of a month, my own off-time. For this, they paid me an insane amount of money and picked up all expenses. Sweet!

The third month of the deal was crunch time with the acquisition and we put in long hours. My first line replacement was a gal named Peg. She was my age, 38, and somewhat similar in build. I'm 5'9 and 128 lbs., she was a bit shorter and about 120 or so. A hard working gal, to be sure, staying late as we got closer to closing the deal.

One night, we finished up at her desk around 8 or so, both of us whipped beyond belief. "That's it, I'm heading to the hotel and the mini-bar", I announced as I stretched and searched for my shoes. "Lucky you," Peg cracked, "I get to go home and feed my fucking cat," laughing afterwards.

"Follow me to the hotel and I'll give you some liquid courage and, besides, I really don't like to drink alone," slipping on my shoes as I said it.

"Best offer I've had in a long time," she smilingly replied.

"Hard to believe that," I commented, honestly, "I would have thought there would be a line of guys at your door."

"Yeah, well, guys?, not so much." she said as she looked for her glasses, "But, there's a couple of gals that are stalking me," laughing aloud after she said.

"Well, that's not all bad, at least it's one of the two recognized sexes," I quipped, "Hell, any port in a storm works for me."

Looking at me with a hint of mischief in her eyes, she smiled and simply said, "Still waters and all that, as they say."

On the drive to the hotel, with her following, I was thinking... I've been a good girl, I've been working hard, I haven't fucked anyone else in a long time, and another woman?, a really long time, and yeah, I know not to fuck the help but it happens. Finally, I decided, in for a penny, in for a pound.

Fixing us both some very strong Scotches and Waters, we kicked off our shoes, settling in on the couch in the sitting room of the suite.

Never one to beat around the bush (except with my tongue), I downed my drink in two gulps and said to Peg, "So, do you play in the sapphic waters?"

"Do you?", was her quick response.

"Me to know, you to find out," I teased.

"Nope, you're a player in girly-land," she retorted, "I can spot them a mile away."

"And how do you feel about that, if it were to be true?" I asked, looking at her intently.

"I guess it depends on how you feel about me," she answered, "I like non-committal sex, it's soul-freeing, I think."

"And the fact that I'm, technically, your boss?" I asked.

"Makes it even more tempting," she said with a smile spreading across her face.

Nodding my head slightly, I grabbed her glass and mine and mixed us a couple of fresh drinks. Handing Peg hers, I stood in front of her, just looking down to her. Clicking my glass to hers, we downed the drinks in one gulp. I pulled her up from the couch by her hands and kissed her, holding her hands by our sides. She responded eagerly, no games for this girl. Releasing her hands, I placed mine on her ass, pulling her hard against me. Our tongues dueled with each other in our mouths, taking turns as it were, her hands on my breasts now, squeezing, fondling with expert touches.

Breaking off the kiss, I led her to the bedroom, turning towards her as I disrobed. She followed suit, both of us eyeing the other as a lioness eyes a gazelle on the plains of Africa.

Her breasts were slightly larger than mine (I'm a 34C) but not much. Reaching out to her I cupped, first one, than the other, in my hands, loving how her nipples responded quickly to my touch. She moved closer until her lips were on mine once more, her hand on my trimmed bush, playing with my clit.

"You're very wet," she breathed into my ear, followed by her tongue, flicking over my lobe.

"Yes, I am," I replied as the fire grew hotter in my crotch, "You need to do something about that."

"Oh, I will," she said as she moved me towards the bed until I fell upon it, on my back, my feet still flat on the floor.

Kneeling between my legs, Peg lowered her head, slipping her tongue into my pussy, her fingers stretching the lips. Slipping her mouth over my 'little man', she sucked on it with such tenderness, I knew that I wouldn't be able to last very long before I climaxed.

Not always a bad thing, mind you.

As she sensed that I was nearing my orgasm, she pulled her head from between my legs and pulled me up onto the bed until both of our heads were on the pillows. Flippin over to a classic '69' position with her on the top, she lowered her head once more to continue eating me as I lifted my head to suck and tongue-fuck her shaved, sweet snatch.

She tasted unbelievably sweet, almost like honey, driving me even more insane with lust for her. Pressing my head back onto the pillow with her pussy, my tongue explored her honey-hole as she did the same to me. I could hold back no longer and let my climax explode, followed quickly by Peg's own orgasm, both of us shaking with delight.

We rested. We drank. We fucked again, and again, until both of us were red-faced with pussy juice. She spent the night, waking me in the morning with a very sweet orgasm using her expert hands and fingers. After I had gotten her off, in return, she left to go home and change for work.

I worked with the company for a year in my new position, and for a year, Peg and I would occasionally fuck each other's brains out. She even introduced me to her 'young thing', a college-aged gal that loved being dominated by an older woman. With her, Peg and I had some very kinky, wild threesomes.

I would also eventually wind up fucking some other people that hubby never knew about. Yes, we were swingers, but even so, there are some fucks that the spouse doesn't know about. He's had some, I know he did, but he doesn't know I know. Neither of us will be angry with the other, but both of us will want to hear the secrets of the other.