 As the crunch of tyres drifted in from the driveway, Chloe hurriedly smoothed her skirt and checked her reflection in the mirror. Her soft brown hair fell awkwardly over her eyes, accentuating her full, painted lips and her lightly freckled skin. Her breath quickened. She had been waiting for this day for well over a year. She checked the mirror once more, before giving herself a final spray of rose perfume.

Chloe had met Rob on the internet; despite the age difference, they had got on remarkably well. And as they were both single -- and feeling a little more than deprived - the conversation had soon turned to something more erotic. However, Rob wasn't comfortable taking things too far over the internet, so Chloe had suggested they meet. He couldn't be more pleased. He had a weakness for petite brunettes, and Chloe fitted the description perfectly.

"You look fine." Rob's voice floated in from the doorway. Chloe spun round from her place at the mirror, giving Rob an eyeful of her tight blouse and barely-there skirt. She caught her breath as she stared up at the strange man standing in her living room. He was taller than her by almost a foot and had dark, sweeping hair and lustful grey-green eyes, accentuated by a large nose and sharp cheekbones. He was exactly as she had imagined him; tall, dark and irresistibly sexy. He wore a casual suit and was carrying a bunch of oversized teal roses. She smiled when she saw them. "I know they're a bit much, but they're for you," he grinned.

Melting with desire, Chloe stepped forward into the light, allowing Rob to see her full form. She had deep brown, mid-length hair with a soft fringe and bright blue eyes that filled Rob with curiosity. Her full red lips parted slightly, causing him to moan softly under his breath. She was beautiful. His eyes swept downwards onto large, pert breasts, almost bulging out of a cute pink bra and a tight, scarcely buttoned see-through blouse. Although she was small, her curvaceous hips filled her black mini-skirt which stopped only inches below the tops of her thighs. Her legs ended in a pair of playful heels. 'I wish she would bend over', Rob thought with a mischievous smile.

"Thank you for the flowers. They're beautiful," Chloe replied quietly, knotting her hands and waiting for him to break the silence. Although she was generally a confident person, usually making the first move when it came to sex, just looking into Rob's eyes was enough to render her motionless. Her heart thudded against her ribcage. He was the most gorgeous creature she had ever seen; and all she could think about was wrapping her soft lips around his cock, giving him the pleasures that before, they had only talked about. Rob smiled inwardly.

"Can I have a drink?"

"Of course you can!" Chloe replied quickly, feeling embarrassed that she hadn't offered him one sooner. She reached for a glass on the table behind her; she had poured drinks earlier while waiting for his arrival. However, upon turning around she suddenly tripped, spilling a little of the drink onto Rob's shirt.

"I'm so sorry!" Chloe's hands flew to her mouth in mock surprise, although she was secretly pleased at having given Rob such an obvious opportunity. Her mind drifted back to a previous conversation; "I've always wanted to be spanked. I want to be a naughty girl". She could already feel her panties beginning to soak with her wet, hungry juices. She blushed furiously and anxiously smoothed out her skirt, glancing upwards to stare straight into Rob's lustful gaze. Her breath quickened.

Rob sat down on the leather sofa, his legs spread eagerly. A rush of heat stole across Chloe's cheeks upon seeing the discernible bulge in his pants, which he made no attempt to hide. She stood awkwardly in the centre of the room and lowered her head in private amusement. Rob thought she looked almost childlike against the mature furnishings, despite her full, gorgeous breasts and the encouraging glint in her eye. "Across my knees," he ordered sternly.

Chloe was only too happy to oblige. She lowered herself carefully onto Rob's lap, feeling the stab of his stiff manhood against her stomach. Her tiny black skirt rode uncomfortably above her waistline, revealing her small, tight ass and the soft pink panties that barely covered her gorgeous cheeks. Rob breathed in heavily. He felt his cock twitch against his waistline, hungry to be set free. Chloe adjusted herself slightly, her firm stomach pressing against his swell and sending ripples of pleasure throughout his entire body.

"You've been a very naughty girl, Chloe." His eager hands drifted across the soft skin of her ass, skimming the flimsy fabric of her panties and wondering when he could rip them off. She spread her legs slightly, revealing her soaking crotch and her soft thighs. Rob could make out the outline of her pussy lips and his fingers strayed closer, causing Chloe to moan softly. He smiled and delivered the first harsh, stinging slap.

She moaned louder this time, her delicate fingers gripping the fabric of Rob's trousers. He continued to spank her, reddening the pale skin of her cheeks as he pushed aside her panties to reach nearer the inside of her thighs. "Take them off," she moaned softly, and he pushed them down until they hung around her ankles. She spread her legs as wide as possible, giving Rob a perfect view of her hot, dripping pussy. He groaned and began to stroke the lips softly, occasionally delivering an ardent spank.

"You are so naughty," Rob murmured, his soft, Irish voice nibbling softly at Chloe's ears while his fingers teased themselves into her open pussy. He felt her muscles clench around his fingers as he lightly stroked her G spot. "You like that, you naughty girl?"

"Yes, yes I do," Chloe moaned breathlessly, pushing harder against Rob's stiff erection. He stopped and motioned her to get up, eager to be pressed against her warm, naked body. As soon as she was on her feet, he pressed his lips against hers, pushing his hungry tongue into her mouth as he pushed her body against the cold wall. The mixture of sensations sent chills of pleasure through Chloe's body as she allowed Rob's hands to explore underneath her clothes. She did the same, fervently pulling off his shirt as he ripped her blouse and bra from her swollen breasts. He dipped down and took her nipples in his mouth, feeling them quickly harden between his teeth. Chloe sighed with pleasure and pulled his head closer to her chest.

Understanding what she wanted, Rob sucked harder on her exposed nipples, circling them with his tongue before drawing it up against her chest and onto her neck. He pushed her hair aside and blew lightly into her ear, nibbling her earlobes playfully. Chloe continued to moan and run her fingers through Rob's hair, desperate to be touched by his teasing fingertips. "Touch me Rob," she whispered softly, feeling his fingers trace softly down her stomach as he obeyed her wish.

Tantalizingly slowly, Rob began to stroke Chloe's swollen clit with his fingertips. She moaned gently and arched her back against the wall. "I'm taking you upstairs," Rob whispered flirtatiously, wrapping her in his arms so that he could pick her up. Chloe giggled and permitted him to lift her. "Where's your bedroom?"

"Second on the right," she replied mischievously, feeling Rob's soft hands cupping her ass cheeks as he struggled up the small staircase. They eventually reached Chloe's bedroom, both laughing like children as they toppled onto the silky double bed. Rob looked down into her dazzling bright blue eyes as he rolled onto her, dipping down to kiss her soft lips as her arms enclosed him. Chloe sighed with pleasure. She had dreamt about this moment on the very same bed for over a year; she couldn't believe that her dreams were finally coming true.