 Kelvin Weaver, a young fit lawyer's apprentice, had watched Alisha Burroughs for months because she was everything he had ever dreamt that a woman should be and more. She was tall and willowy with long dark hair that was smoothed back from her forehead and cascaded down her back like a waterfall when she walked. She was graceful as she moved across the room and when she smiled, it was sincere with eyes that sparkled with life. He adored her as if she were some sort of goddess that had suddenly landed from some place out of this world. She smelled of sandalwood and spice and he fell drunk when he would get a whiff of the fragrance when she was near him. She was the perfect woman, a few years older than himself and his brother's wife.

When he first met Alisha, Kelvin was speechless fumbling over his words when his brother had introduced her to his family. She had giggled at his naïve attempt to be cool, but Kelvin had felt only embarrassment and quickly ran to his room to regain his composure. As the years passed and Alisha was in his presence more and more, he had all he could do to hide his erection for the tantalizing beauty and many were the times he had to relieve himself of the agony at night alone in his room. When their engagement was announced, Kelvin all but went mad with envy towards his brother who was about to marry the woman he adored.

The wedding was beautiful and so wasn't Alisha, who wearing her silky white wedding dress that clung to her body like a glove, sent Kelvin into such confusion of emotion that he barely made it through the ceremony as his brother's best man. The reality that the only woman he had ever wanted had married his brother was more than he could stand and when they left for their honeymoon, he thought his life was over. So when they returned and had rented an apartment nearby, it was torture for Kelvin to see her almost every day loving his brother and not him. 

When his brother couldn't find a job after being laid off, he enlisted in the army and went off to boot camp leaving Alisha alone, but before he left, he made Kelvin promise to check in on her from time to time to make sure she was alright. Kelvin jumped at the chance to be alone with Alisha and made excuses to drop by just to be in her presence. Weeks turned into months and Kelvin grew closer to his sister-in-law. He became her confidante and Kelvin in turn fell deeper in love. 

It wasn't long after, when his brother returned from the Army, that the arguments between the couple began to escalate. More and more they were grew apart and when Alisha found out that he had spent the night with another woman while on his first tour of duty, the perfect romance began to crumble and she immediately turned to Kelvin for comfort and support. On one cold and rainy night, Alisha called him in tears and he immediately ran to her rescue. When he entered the apartment, Alisha was standing at the window peering out at the rain wearing a tight pair of jeans and white sheer lace top and faced away from him. Kelvin wanted nothing more than to embrace her in his arms to comfort her, but he didn't. There were rules about those sort of things and he respected them even if they tore at his heart.

"Kelvin," she began her voice breaking. "He's gone for good."

Kelvin closed the door behind him and bit his lip not knowing what to say.

"He's gone to be with her," she added.

Kelvin walked up behind Alisha, but didn't touch her for fear that somehow she would break and he couldn't bear it.

"I'm sorry," was all he could muster.

"She wasn't the first you know," Alisha confessed.

"No, I didn't know."

"He said it was a weak moment. That it wouldn't happen again, but he lied."

Kelvin wanted to kill his brother for hurting Alisha. He wanted to punish anyone who hurt the woman that he had adored for so many years. He knew of his brother's philandering, yet he had hoped that when he met Alisha all that was behind him. Unfortunately it wasn't and now he blamed himself for not warning Alisha of his brother's tendencies, but he knew she wouldn't believe him so there was nothing he could do.

"I guess I knew all along that he wouldn't be faithful," Alisha sighed.

"He had no right to hurt you."

"I pushed him into a commitment because I thought that he would change."

"I should have said something before you two got married."

"It wouldn't have done any good."

There was an uncomfortable silence between the two. Alisha's shoulders were hunched and he could tell that she had been crying. She was a strong woman which was one of the things he loved about her, but no woman should have to endure what she was going through.

"Do you want me to go talk to him?" he asked. "Find out where he is and bring him home?"

"No."

"I don't know what else to do then," he said.

"I do," Alisha said turning to face him. 

Her eyes were soft, warm, and inviting. She tilted her head and gave him a small half smile. "I want you to make love to me."

Kelvin was stunned. For years, he had longed for her to say those words, but now when she finally did say them he hesitated.

"You're married. He's my brother," was all he could manage.

"I'm married only on paper. It's just paper Kelvin and I need you tonight," she pleaded.

Kelvin's breath came in short spurts. He didn't know what do and he didn't know what to say, but when Alisha put her arms around his waist and drew him into her and he could feel the warmth of her body against his the decision was made. If he had any guilt, he'd deal with it afterwards.

He held her close smelling the scent of her all too familiar perfume. The softness of her skin touching his pushed him further and further into wanting her. She tilted her face upwards to kiss him and he had all he could do not to devour her right there in the living room. He kissed her back while his tongue darted in and out of her mouth mingling with hers dancing to the escalated erotic sensations of their needs and desires. Yet, moments later she pulled away from him and took him by the hand squeezing it as she led him towards the bedroom. The same bedroom that she and his brother had shared.

"I don't think...I mean it's your bedroom," he protested.

"Yes, Kelvin. It's my bedroom now and I can have anyone I want in here and I want you with me."

Alisha drew him and flipped on the light on the nightstand illuminating the room in a soft buttery glow. She then turned to him and began to unbutton her blouse exposing the black lace bra that held the soft mounds that Kelvin had fantasized and masturbated to for so many nights alone in his room. Next she unhooked the bra and let it slide from her shoulders and onto the floor then cupped her breasts in her hands showing them to Kelvin.

"Do you like them?" she whispered smiling coyly.

Kelvin said nothing, but leaned down and kissed one breast then the other with his lips. The softness of her skin giving rise to his erection.

"I've dreamt of kissing these. They're beautiful," he hoarsely replied.

When she unzipped her jeans and slipped out of them the soft curls of her mound protruded out of the black bikini panties that she wore and Kelvin could barely breathe.

"You're not shaved. I love that," he began. "Just how I thought you would be."

"Do you want to touch it?" she asked.

Kelvin needed no further urging and fell to his knees in front of her running his tongue along the crotch of her panties nipping at the silky fabric while Alisha shivered at his touch. It drove him mad with desire for her. He pulled the panties aside with his fingers to inhale the musky scent of her pussy feeling the heat of her desire emanate from it. Instinctively he leaned forward and ran his tongue along her slit tasting her juices.

"It's so fucking good," he growled in a low voice.

"Do you want it?" she asked as her chest heaved.

"I want all of you," he said.

"Then take me," her voice trembled.

Without saying a word, Kelvin stood up, removed his shirt and unbuckled his jeans lowering them to his knees exposing his hard throbbing cock. She grabbed it with her hand and squeezed it.

"It's so big and hard," she choked. "God I want it inside of me so bad."

Kelvin stepped out of his jeans, threw them to the side and stood in front of her as a man to a woman about to consummate a long denied need. He pulled her to him and his cock pressed against her stomach while her breasts pushed against his chest as if they had made love to each other a hundred times before. But it was their first and he wanted it to mean something even if she decided she never wanted to see him again. He wanted her to know what she meant to him and he wanted the memory of having her as his own to last forever for both of them.

She pulled him towards the bed where she lay down exposing her body with her legs spread inviting him to come closer. Kelvin drank in her beauty as he stroked his cock. Nothing could stop him now from taking her. She was just the way he had always pictured she would be lying there wanting him and needing him inside of her. He climbed on the bed and straddled himself between her legs. His cock throbbed as he continued to stroke it. 

"Is this what you want?" he asked pumping his cock until it jerked at his touch.

"Yes," she breathed. "I want you and only you to be inside of me."

Kelvin needed no further urging. He leaned over her with his arms holding his body up and kissed her on the lips, then to her neck and to her shoulders. He could hear her breathing grow deep and when his lips touched the nipples of her breasts, he could hear her moan with desire. With the nubs tightening as his tongue flicked over it, he could feel his cock drip precum and knew he would have to have her soon. He cupped her breast with his hand and kneaded the mound. She writhed beneath him. Her own desire growing stronger with each touch. 

He went lower kissing her belly running his hand along the dip and a curve of her body. She was all the woman he could imagine. He leaned back to run his fingers through the curls of her pussy and felt the moistness of her swollen folds drench them. Slowly he slid his middle finger into her slit, spreading the protective folds to the inner sanctum of her womanhood. He penetrated deep inside of her and she bit her lip. He pushed his finger in and out and then used two fingers plunging deeper and spreading her more as he did. Alisha's hands gripped the sheets of the bed as her body responded to his thrusts.

"I need more," she moaned. "I need you."

Kelvin responded by withdrawing his fingers and positioning himself at her entrance. Slowly the head of his cock pushed through her wet folds and slid inside. He closed his eyes and moaned loudly as the feel of her pussy slid along the length of his shaft. Savoring the feeling, he held his cock inside of her until the need to pump her overcame him. He began with long slow strokes that pushed deeper and deeper inside of her. He couldn't get enough as he began to drive his cock into her pussy with his balls slamming against the base of her ass. He spread her legs lifting them until they were over his shoulders and her ass was slamming against his thighs. He knew he had all of her as he watched her moan, her eyes squeezed tightly shut, her breasts bobbing up and down with his every stroke. 

"It's getting close. Make me cum!" she cried. "Make me cum."

His hips jerked and thrust over and over again. His thighs tightened as he saw her face contort in sweet agony as he wrung the orgasm out of her listening to her squeal and cry out as she crested swelling around his cock and soaking it with her cum juice. He held her tight as he pumped her mindlessly racing towards his own orgasm and she begging for him to do so.

"Give it to me baby. Give it to me. I want you to cum inside of me," she cried.

He pumped her until his mind lost all sense of reality, but it was her final words that drove him over the edge.

"I want you to cum in me Kelvin. Make me yours."

Kelvin felt the cum move its way from his balls up the length of shaft until it erupted through the head of his cock with a huge load of thick white hot cream that filled her every fold. Another shot scrambled out of his cock and he lost control collapsing on top of her as it drained him. He couldn't breathe. He couldn't think. All he knew was that he had taken the woman he had always wanted and it was better than he could have ever imagined. She wrapped her arms around him as he wrung the last shudder of orgasm from his body. Together they laid as one until his cock finally having gone flaccid slipped out of her pussy and rolled over to lay at her side. He pulled her close with her head on his chest engulfing her in the crook of his arm and languished there until the reality of the world slowly came back to them both. For several moments they lay quiet, but he had ask her the question that he most dreaded knowing that it could be the last time he would ever be with her.

"Do you regret what we did?" he asked clearing his throat.

"No," she quickly replied.

"Are you sure?"

"I've wanted you longer than I can remember," she confessed. "You were always here for me Kelvin. You were the only one who stayed."

He squeezed her tightly against him and kissed the top of her head. "I could never leave you."

"I know that," she replied.

"So where do we go from here?"

"There is only now Kelvin. Just you and me. That's all I can give you," she said and he knew she meant it.

He looked down at the sleepy eyed woman who lay on his chest and vowed to himself that for however long this would last, he would cherish and love her.

"I'll take it," he said as he closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep with her.