 Dear readers, this is my very first story and it is meant to be a series.  

*All characters are over 18. Pure fiction work* 

***** 

Courtney bid goodbye to her family and friends in the morning. Her mother was visibly emotional as she knew that her baby would be far for a while traveling and seeing the world. Her father, on the other hand, was trying to hide his emotions not to burden Courtney before her departure. She tightly embraced both her parents before taking her travel backpack and walking off to the train. She only heard everyone wishing for her to have fun before leaving. 

Courtney found her seat and sat down, happy to see that she'd be alone for the ride as there was no one next to her. The excitement she felt was great, it was the first time she would be travelling so far and so long. She kept thinking of all the marvels and adventures she'd experience during that year in front of her. With those thoughts in mind and her imagination running, the short train ride was over quickly. 

Seeing the airport just a few minutes away, she jumped off her seat, grabbed her bag and headed out of the train. As she got out, two handsome men in their thirties turned their heads and admired her beauty. Courtney was a petite girl appearing to be in her early twenties, her long and full red hear was shining in the sun and although she had made no effort to emphasize on her body that day as she wore comfortable clothes for the travel, it was clear that she was beautiful. She smiled at the two men who were getting in the train and walked to the airport. 

After having passed through all lengthy and boring procedures, she was finally boarding the plane. She looked at her boarding pass once more: Los Angeles - Shanghai - Seat 36A. 

As she got to her seat she took note that her neighbour had yet to be here and sat near the window, the seat was comfortable, and the plane seemed quite new. Observing the queue of people, she noticed a guy in the line. He wasn't any Casanova, yet she found him some kind of unique charm, he seemed taller than her, but not by a large margin, a strong build, broad shoulders and what she imagined would be a very nice chest, short black hair. He seemed about the same age as her. The young man was quite some distance away and didn't notice her gaze. Courtney kept running her eyes through the crowd of people, but nothing picked her interest after that young man. 

A few moments later, the crew broadcasted a message asking for people to find their seat and sit down so the plane could take off on time. Courtney bend down to her feet to grab her phone in her bag, she then sent a message to her dad saying she was in the plane and it would take off anytime, she'd send a message when she got to her hotel but that would be after some 14 hours of flight. Her text sent, she switched her phone to airplane mode. 

"Hi." she heard from her right. 

Looking up, Courtney was surprised to see that it was exactly that young man she had seen just before. 

Her eyes lit up and she smiled "Hi." 

He was lifting his bag up to the overhead compartment when he saw her smile, he had noticed her striking red hair when he found his seat, but she was looking away and hadn't realized that his neighbour was such beauty. He blushed slightly but returned the smile. 

Courtney was actually equally surprised; she had missed the boy's eyes the first time, from a distance away she had not noticed his clear green eyes that radiated intelligence. She feigned calm and turned her gaze towards the seat in front yet she couldn't not think how sexy and cute at the same time that guy was, his strong manliness paired with that devastating pair of green eyes was definitely very attractive to Courtney and she liked how his eyes showed some kind of smart side to him. 

He finally sat down next to her, he seemed to look towards the other people in plane, but he kept throwing glances to the pretty petite girl that was seating next to him, he had rarely seen such beautiful hair, they had ample curves falling to her shoulders, her skin was fair and seemed like it would give the best smooth and soft feeling to the touch. She had stunning ocean blue eyes. Her face was definitely very pretty but the young man also couldn't help checking out her body, she was petite but with perfectly sized breasts from what he could imagine, probably a B cup he thought. 

The plane was soon taking off an ascending which took a few minutes. After some time, the flight attendants came to serve some drinks. 

One of them asked looking at Courtney "Hello, what would you like to drink?" 

"Do you have wine? White if possible." 

"We have two white wines one French Bourgogne and a Spanish one." 

"Ugh, I don't know, what do you suggest?" 

The attendant seemed hesitant, but it was Courtney's neighbour who answered with a smile: 

"Take the Bourgogne." 

It didn't make much difference to Courtney as she knew little about wine anyway, so she nodded to the attendant who then passed a small bottle and a glass to her. 

"What about you sir?" 

"I'll take the same, thank you." he got his bottle and filled his glass, then he turned to Courtney pointing his glass towards her. "Cheers?" 

She smiled "What are we toasting for? Any special occasion?" 

Smiling back, he said "There is nothing yet to toast for, but we might find a good excuse later, if not then we'll just say we celebrated traveling." 

Courtney laughed "Seems fine to me, I'm Courtney." 

"Nice to meet you Courtney, I'm Aiden. Cheers then!" 

"Cheers!" 

They both had a toast and drank some wine. 

"Thanks for the advice by the way, this wine is quite good." 

"Welcome. So, how long do you stay in Shanghai?" Aiden asked. 

"I don't really know yet, I'm gonna spend a few months in Asia probably traveling around and just stopping when I feel I found a nice place!" 

"Really?! That sounds quite like my plan actually! I'm probably staying around six months total." 

"Seems we both had the same idea!" 

The two kept on talking for about an hour, sharing the places they wanted to explore and what they had read in travel guides. 

"Do you want to try to find a hostel when we get to Shanghai then we can visit around together tomorrow?" Courtney asked as she thought Aiden would be great travel company. 

Aiden somewhat blushed for just a fragment of second yet the both had hit it off so well that he readily replied "Sure! It will be great to visit together." 

Chapter 1: First Adventure in China 

"I'm glad we're finally here." said Courtney as she sighed slightly. 

Although she was glad to have good company during the trip, she was exhausted from the jet lag and craved for nothing but a shower. 

"Yeah, let's try to grab a cab..." Aiden had similar thoughts, seeing the late hour, he suggested "shall we just try to get to that hostel we saw close to the airport?" 

"Let's just do that, we can find something better tomorrow." 

The two of them walked to outside the airport, where they found the Taxi line, it took awfully long and what seemed like inhuman effort for any driver to finally understand where they wished to go as none spoke a word of English. After about 20 minutes in the cab, the two travellers got to the hotel, they got their bags out of the trunk and went to reception as the cab left. The hotel seemed quite clean, but the neighbourhood seemed to be somewhat too calm for their idea of Shanghai despite the hour. 

"What do you want to do?" asked Aiden, visibly a bit embarrassed. 

Courtney and he had asked for two rooms at the hostel and after much effort from both our two friends and the receptionist, they understood that the hotel only had one last room remaining albeit luckily, one with two separates beds. 

"I don't wanna go out again and struggle with another cab, if we find one at this hour around here. We ain't even sure if the next hotel would have two rooms..." she looked at Aiden thinking, well at least there are two beds it should be fine. 

"Agreed; let's stay here and look for something else tomorrow." Aiden then took the key and they proceeded together to the room. 

They found the room all right, until Courtney caught sight of the bathroom; the separation wall between the room and the bathroom was a see-trough glass, although it wasn't transparent like a window it'd definitely be possible to see the shadow of the one showering from the room. 

Aiden looked at it and frowned slightly for a moment, he then turned to Courtney: "Ugh... if you want, I'll go first, and if you see that it's too transparent, I'll go out of the room for a while after, so you can shower." 

"You sure that's okay?" 

"No worries, it's fine" 

Well that's a gentleman! thought Courtney. 

Both of them got to a bed and started taking some stuff out of their bag. Courtney then laid down on her bed. Damn she thought as Aiden had just pulled up his shirt in fell swoop and was topless, Courtney was surprised but didn't miss the opportunity to seriously check him out. The man's back was facing her, it was so strong and chiselled, now that she saw him like that she also caught a glimpse of his ass which seemed otherworldly. A perfect muscly round ass Hot... he's ... soo Hot Then his blue jeans were also similarly pulled off and discarded before Aiden grabbed a towel and headed to the shower in his boxer. Oh God! Did he do it on purpose?? Fuck ... he's so sexy, that ASS mmm. The bathroom door closed, and she heard the water starting. Damn it, what am I even thinking and getting all aroused right now she was indeed feeling weird. A tiny little flame had been lit deep within her and that flame was only getting hotter and hotter warming her body from inside. Although that flame was not yet wild it was only growing in intensity and as it did, Courtney's thoughts were like freed from the shackles of her mind. We're in the same room for the night, ... he might try to take advantages... 

Or maybe I could... she giggled at this thought. She was now seeing the shadow of the strong sexy young man under the shower, he was washing his short black hair, although she didn't see much, she knew what he looked like, her imagination did the rest, his chiselled arms were running on his head, she imagined those arms grabbing her around the waist, it'd be effortless for him to lift her petite body up with those arms. His hands and fingers were massaging his head with the shampoo I'd love those for myself; Courtney reverted her attention downward to the outline of his shoulders, broad and tough, his chest, abs. She could distinguish the shape of his legs and ass, there was only one thing which she couldn't see, one thing left entirely to her imagination. Lost in those thoughts, the small flame had become a genuine fire, a burning sensation fuelled by lust and passion coursed through her body. 

Her mind jolted, I want him. 

Aiden in the meanwhile was unaware, he was wondering whether she'd be looking, and what she'd think, he had never been unconfident but also had never been very popular with the opposite gender. As he kept trying to guess the thoughts of his roommate for the night, he heard the door behind him. When the wall is already a see-through, the door of course wouldn't have any kind of lock. 

As he turned surprised by the noise, he gasped "Ugh..." 

She was there bare as bare can be, and she was stunning, he didn't react for some seconds lost in his admiration of her perfect body, his manhood was waking up and soon got as hard as rock. Now she finally saw it, what she had just been daydreaming of, it was maybe just under 7" but it was large, wide, that girth was adding to her burning lust. 

As she smiled at him, Aiden could see a myriad of emotions flicker through her eyes, there was excitement, a tinge of thrill and also lust, passion. He finally reacted, taking three long strides towards her, he reached out with one hand behind her back, just above her round butt, and pressed her against him, both could feel the contact of their body, Aiden's hard dick was pressed against Courtney's lower stomach. Her breasts were pressed just below his chest. Their eyes, blue on one side, green on the other were locked into each other, the last bits of shame and embarrassment both of them had still felt evaporated as they read the eyes of the person in front of them. 

Aiden felt -like Courtney moments ago in her bed- all his mental constraints break under the stunning charm of the petite redhead. His other hand on her neck, he pressed his lips on hers, and their tongues started dancing, interlacing, their lips sucking on each other's. Time slowed down for a moment as the flames of passion within both them quickly transformed into blazing fires. Aiden picked Courtney up and brought her under the running shower. 

Courtney had now laced her arms around his neck, grabbing his hair as if not allowing the contact between their bare skin and their lips to break. Aiden now had one hand grabbing her butt and one massaging her breasts, he pulled back from her lips and kissed his way slowly down her neck, where her red hair, wet from the shower laid ever so beautiful. 

When Courtney felt his first kiss on the neck, she felt the sensation run deep into her. 

She moaned, hard and long her eyes longing for more. Aiden heard her and threw a glance seeing it in her eyes, just like she saw his response to her desires: he would give her more, much more. 

Kiss after kiss, one sucking motion after another, he made his way slowly, giving attention to every inch of her skin on his way to her breasts. There his hands, lips and tongue worked together only to pleasure her. He sucked first gently then harder on her nipples, pinching it at times, nibbling at others. 

After some time, and plenty of moans, with no urgency but more and more longing, he kissed his way further down through her belly and navel. 

His hands had already started rubbing her labia slowly when his mouth got to her pussy. He first kissed the small patch of neatly trimmed hair, then the top of her hardened clit. He enjoyed feeling her movements, her bliss from each flick of his tongue, each sucking by his full lips, each gentle nibble, he loved that he was giving her pleasure. 

Courtney felt like tiny bolts of electricity running deep into her. She was coming close to her climax and to help her take the last step, Aiden inserted two fingers inside her, not slowly, not quickly, in one movement, he bent his fingers slightly into a hook and rubbed her insides stroke after stroke not stopping playing with her clit. 

That was it, Courtney moaned, let out a soft scream and gasped for air as her knees got week and she fell, Aiden grabbed her hold her in his arms. She looked at him bemused and she felt at peace in his protecting arms. 

He got back up, happy and a bit proud Courtney noticed, then she saw his little smirk. He lifted one of her leg up and presented the head of his cock on her pussy, rubbing slowly up and down. He locked his eyes into hers and pressed forward slowly, but he didn't stop at all until inch after inch, his whole shaft filled her to her deepest place. 

He stopped and seem to rest there for a moment while he embraced Courtney closer and kissed her passionately again. He gently started moving out until he was almost all out then again with one slow stroke moved his cock fully in. Stroke after stroke he increased slowly the pace but always in full in and out movements. Both of them being at the peak of excitement, they felt their climax quickly closing in after a moment, Aiden moved one hand to her clit to make her come for the second time, with him. They came, together moaning, she felt his cum flow in her pussy. Their juices mixed in, flowing down the shower. Overcame by exhaustion, Courtney was on verge of collapse, Aiden held her and cleaned her under the shower before he took her in his arms walking towards the bed. He laid her down, covered her with a blanket then got in next to her. She came squeeze her body to his and they fell asleep as the exhaustion from the long travel finally got to them. 

Author's Note: 

Please leave comments, or even better, send me your review. 

I hope that you like the first chapter of the story, Courtney and Aiden will have more adventures in the future if I see this story has some little success! 

More importantly and that might a bit unusual, I am looking for a woman to help me with the story. I'd like to co-author the story together with one to give more content for readers of both genders. As you all may know, men and women do not particularly get aroused and interested by the same writing, words, and actions, so I figured co-authoring could improve the story's quality and interests. It should also be a fun experience to build the story together! So, if you are interested please send me a message through my author profile. Hope to see you there to discuss it *wink*