 Ever since the first day that Sean began to work at the office, he had a deeply imbedded, wanton curiosity about the office Manager, Sally.

Sally always dressed professionally, and always wore business attire. Her skirts were usually mid thigh and her blouses were perfectly matched with her jacket and skirt. She was in her late thirties to early forties, and in very good physical condition. Her body was well proportioned, and she maintained all of the right curves in all the right places. Her face showed a few signs of her age, but her cosmetics were applied in a way that one couldn’t notice the small crows feet at the corners of her eyes. Her dark brown hair hung at the tops of her shoulders and always had a very soft scent to it. She either was naturally dark skinned or her tanning sessions were timed to the second to maintain her sensual warm, healthy glow.

Sean often wondered if she had been a model in her younger years, in fact, he sometimes caught himself fantasizing that she was. Sean was no slouch himself. His tender years of middle twenties helped him keep his physique toned with the chiseled look after his many hours he spends at the gym. Before he entered college, he often considered a career in bodybuilding or some sort of trainer at a spa. But after giving that idea some thought, he set his sights on a career in business management instead. His five feet, ten inch frame was one of the biggest reasons that he abandoned his thoughts of bodybuilding. He, like many other males, figured, if he couldn’t be the biggest, then why bother. 

This day found him in the company of his Manager, Sally. Being that he was a Junior Executive, Sally chose him to work with her, hand in hand, on a new project that their firm had been assigned. He was nervously happy when she had told him about their closer working relationship. He had hoped that he could keep his mind on the task at hand, and set aside his attraction to her. It wouldn’t be until a day later from a co-worker, that he would find out that Sally had just finalized her second, brutal and bitter divorce.

So, the new team of Sally and Sean began the new assignment on a Monday. Sean arrived a half an hour early to work, only to be surprised that Sally was already in her office and leaning over her desk, peering at some papers. When sally had sensed another life form, she glanced up, then smiled brightly at Sean. 

“Good morning, Sean.”

“Good Morning!”, he replied through his surprise. Sally’s soft perfume wafted through the air. Sean stood at the door and breathed in her wonderful aroma. He instantly noticed that Sally had already removed her jacket and managed a quick glance at her cleavage as the soft fluff of her white blouse accented her tanned breasts, while she leaned over her desk. “I. I'll be right back. I just need to...”, Sally cut him off and told him to relax and to come back after he settled in for work. His emotions were running wild. A new assignment, the first time he worked hand in hand with the boss, and to top it off, a raging hard on! 

By the time he made it back to Sally’s office, she was now sitting behind her desk with a cup of coffee, and appeared to be relaxing. She asked him if he would like to get a cup of coffee or tea. He opted for the tea, and went to the credenza and nervously proceeded to make a cup of Earl Grey tea. 

“So, how was your weekend?” she asked.

“It was Great! I went to the family cabin in the North Woods. Got in some good hiking and some kayaking on the Silver Dollar pond. It was very relaxing.” How was your weekend?” he replied.

Sally smiled, “Mine was the best I’ve had in a very long time. Since February, a year ago, I’ve been embroiled in my second divorce. It has been a very nasty one this time. But Friday, it was finalized. I spent the entire weekend purging my thoughts of it. I don’t think there was a single time from Friday, until this morning, that I wore a single stitch of clothing. I felt more free this weekend than I have in ten years, and that was my way of symbolizing my feelings.” 

Sally had noticed Sean’s glances in the past, and just couldn’t resist playing on them. She watched with glee as he squirmed in his chair when she told him about being nude. It had been a long time since she felt like dealing with the hunger of a males desire. And she was enjoying this play.

The two got busy on their new co-project and the time whizzed by. They had lunch together each day, and were virtually inseparable for the entire week while at work. Finally, Friday rolled around, and it was just after lunch. They were only an hour away from finishing the arduous work. 

The ensemble that Sally wore this Friday, was an outfit that she hadn’t worn in about a year. It was the same business type suit as were all of her others, but the cut was different. The skirt was about three inches higher than usual, placing the hem line at the high thigh area. Her blouse was a plain cut, sleeveless with a low vee front. Her ample breasts created a full, deep crevasse for cleavage. And her make up was impeccably applied, her hair with a beautiful healthy shine, and of course, her perfume dabbed on every pulse point. 

Sean had found himself having a great deal of difficulty in concentrating on their work because of his rampant desire. In fact, Sally had asked him a couple of times during the morning if he was okay. He would reply quickly, that he was fine and just fatigued from the grueling pace that they had kept all week. He may have thought she believed that, but he was wrong.

Sally walked to the window of her office and opened it partially. When she did, the papers on her desk, their project, began to blow onto the floor like confetti. She quickly pulled the window closed as Sean began to kneel and scramble around, collecting the scattered papers. Sally watched as Sean gathered them. She noticed the thick muscles work in his forearms, as the shirt sleeves were rolled about mid way up his forearms. She gazed at his neck muscles and his broad back while he collected the papers. It had been a very long time since she had been with a man, and she was becoming very aroused. His innocence, his age and his desire inflamed her depths. 

Sally waited for Sean to move to the last few papers on the floor while he was crawling around before she walked right up to the remaining pile. Sean retrieved the last clutch of papers at her feet, then slowly began to rise. Her shapely legs were an inch or two from his face. When he lifted up, slowly, he looked at every inch of those beautiful nylon covered legs. He was now at the hem line of her thigh high skirt, just several inches away from her womanhood. He noticed a shiny small streak at the inside thigh of her nylon on her leg. At that very instance, he knew what it was. It was excitement that had trickled from her punani onto her nylon. He breathed in deeply. He could smell her excitement! 

When he stood up, Sally smiled and said in a coy voice, “Oops”. Her face told him what he had hoped, as she was staring directly into his eyes. Her eyes were becoming almost iridescent with their coloring from her excitement, while his were almost glazed from his desire.

He was aware, but didn’t care that his rock hard erection was creating quite a bulge in his trousers. He thought through the quagmire of desire and lust that engulfed his mind and body before he spoke. He wanted so badly, to throw her down onto the desk and take her right then and there, as if they were doing a scene in a Hollywood movie. 

Instead, he offered her a weekend at the cabin in the North Woods. After all, it had been a very long and difficult week, and her look of enticement when he told her of his weekend there. He felt that if she accepted, then they could become perhaps, closer in a more relaxing atmosphere. 

He was elated when she accepted. But there was a catch. She asked him if he would accompany her to the parking garage to help her with her car. It seems that it has been not wanting to start and she didn’t want to be stranded. Of course he agreed to help. So they gathered the papers back onto the desk, and left the office. She told him to meet her at the Executive elevators after he gathered his Jacket. 

Because they left an hour or so earlier than the rest of the office, they were the only ones at the elevator doors, and because Sally headed there first while Sean gathered his belongings, no suspicions were raised. 

The elevator doors silently slid open, and the two of them entered the cube. The walls and ceiling were adorned with gold tinted mirrors, and soft jazz music played on the overhead speakers. The doors closed as silently as they had opened, then the car lurched ever so slightly as the car began to descend to the garage level. 

Sally went to the opposite side of the large cube from where Sean was leaning against the tinted wall. She had removed her jacket and had it draped over her arm along with her small purse. She kept direct eye contact with Sean. She then stood against the opposite wall, legs about shoulder width apart, then leaned backward. Her skirt rose as she leaned. She smiled at Sean as his eyes devoured every morsel of her exposed flesh. 

His eyes gleamed as he looked directly at her hem line. He could see now, why there was that little streak of moisture on her nylon. She had no panties! He licked his lips as he leered at hers. In the shadow of her skirt, he could see the curvature of her of her pouting lips as the blended back to her backside.

Sally motioned for him to come to her with her extended fore finger. He walked to her eagerly, and pressed his body against hers. Sally pulled the emergency stop button, causing the elevator to glide quickly to a halt. They breathed in each others intoxicating scents, as their bodies began to writhe against each others. Sean tugged upward at Sally’s skirt, while she adeptly yanked Sean’s trouser zipper down. His hand began to caress Sally’s wet hot pussy as her hand grabbed, then pulled his solid steel like cock from his boxers. Her leg lifted as he pressed forward. His throbbing cock entered her soft hot pussy, easily. They were completely coupled and he began to jab at her feverishly. Her hips bucked back at his onslaught as she wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him into her tightly. 

Within a minute or two, they both were releasing their energy of lust and passion from their bodies. Sean must have fired off four or five long hot bursts of cum deep inside of Sally. Sally’s pussy grasped at his cock, convulsing several times very hard and quickly, before subsiding into slower deep twitches, bathing his spewing cock shaft with her juices. They separated after holding this position for several minutes. 

As they regained composure and straightened their clothing, Sally pushed the stop button and the car began once again on its descent. 

Once at her car, Sally asked what time would he pick her up on Saturday to go to the cabin. Sean smiled and replied around ten. He then opened her door and made sure the car started before walking to his vehicle. Sally stopped as she rode past Sean. 

She smiled and asked,” Should I dress up for tomorrow?”, then sped away.

please give feedback, good or bad.