 Nine months later

Jenny gritted her teeth as she pushed with all her might as the sharp pain knifed through her middle, then she relaxed and took several deep breaths. Nick was hunched behind her supporting her weak body with his, her hands gripped at his. He murmured words of encouragement in her ears while the doctor worked between her raised knees.

She screamed in agony as another sharp pain gripped her making her clutch tightly at her husband's hands.

"One more push, Mrs. Kazan, I can see the head, now relax and take small short breaths, yes like that, now push, here we are. You have a perfect little boy" the doctor cut the cord he raised the baby to his parents' eyes before giving it to the nurse to clean and measure.

"Beautiful, is not he?" Jenny eyes welled with tears as she looked in wonder at her squirming son in the hands of the nurse.

"I think his looks will improve" Nick teased his wife

"How dare you say that about my son!" Jenny chided.

"Our son, Jenny. Our son" he corrected gently as he looked at both his wife and son as he felt overwhelmed with his emotion.

Suddenly Jenny body tensed in pain as she felt the need to push again.

"It seems that the other one is on the way" the doctor announced.

Nick and Jenny knew that she is carrying a twin, as the sonar showed in the early months of her pregnancy. They both were exhilarated about that.

The emerge of the second boy didn't took much time and soon the two squirming boys were placed in the arms of their doting parents.

Nick felt his heart is about to burst from happiness, as he looked down at both his wife and his newborn twin with pride.

"Thank you, love. You made me the happiest man on earth" he said as he gathered all three of them in his arms as he vowed to himself to do all in his powers to love and take care of them as long as he lived.

*******

It was three months since the twin were born. Jason and Antony they were a bliss, Jenny thought, but she was so tired for they took all her time, she barely has time for anything else even for Nick, she sighed in exhaustion as she got out of the nursery quietly trying not wake them up. 

Although Nick insisted on providing the babies with two nannies but she fussed over them all the time interfering with every small detail to Nick's irritation. 

Nick was very irritated at Jenny attitude towards the boys. She spent every waking hour with them and through the night too as she insisted on nursing them herself, which meant waking up every two hours to do so, they have no time to spend together at all.

He gritted on his teeth as he remembered the occasion when he tried to woo her to bed and when they were in the middle of it, one of the babies started crying soon joined by his twin brother making her jump out of the bed to see to them. Of course by the time she was back she was so tired she fell asleep.

He tried to convince her to go in a vacation, just the two of them together but she refused saying that the boys are so young to be left alone. He was so angry that he stormed out of the room slamming the door behind him.

Her obsession with the boys is driving her and him crazy and he has to do something about it before it gets out of hand, Nick thought determinedly.

******

Jenny drifted to a tired dreamless sleep once hear head touched the pillow. The day was so tiring, the boys didn't stop crying all day long, and whenever she succeeded in quieting one the second took over from where his twin stopped. She felt as if she was in a marathon.

She was startled from her sleep as something disturbed her, she looked around trying to find out what woke her up, but the room was dim and quiet. She sighed and tried to go back to sleep, but suddenly a strong hand was on mouth while the other pushed her on the bed, turning her quickly to her stomach.

Jenny's eyes widened in horror as she tried to struggle against her attacker, but she was not up to him as he shoved her on the bed. 

For a moment the hand was removed from her mouth, but before she had the chance to scream a piece of cloth was shoved inside her mouth and tied securely behind her head followed by a blindfold which made her frantic. Her hands were tied behind her back and her feet were secured together making her completely immobile.

It couldn't be happening, Jenny thought in fear as she felt her attacker carry her over his shoulder and moving out of the room and through the deserted house at that hour of the night.

Nick! She thought in despair. Where was he? She felt herself being deposited in what seemed like the backseat of a car, the door was closed as the man rounded the car to take his place in the driver seat. 

Where was he taking me? She thought as she felt the car moving. She tried to remove her bindings but they were so tight, she sagged in despair. 

Maybe he is not going to hurt her, maybe he will call for ransom and then she will be rescued. She thought of her babies and panicked, she didn't want to die and leave them while they still needed her. Her eyes primed with tears as she thought of her kids.

The car slowed down and he was out of the car, he pulled her door open and carried her gently in his arms. Jenny shivered as she felt the cool air of the night at her meager clad body.

She felt the ground move under her as he moved to what seemed to be a boat, she guessed. He sat her on a soft mattress before she heard his footsteps moving away and in seconds she felt the boat moving away.

Jenny was so frightened but the tiring day plus events of the past hour and the movement of the boat lulled her to sleep.

She woke up from her sleep as she felt the boat stop, a few minutes passed then she was carried again on that broad shoulder. She bit her teeth as her breasts hit against his back, they were full now and sensitive and she felt the milk starting to leak from them. 

He carried her for a short distance before she heard a door open and shut behind them. He moved again and she heard another door open before she felt herself lowered to a soft mattress.

Her hands where untied and before she could react they were cuffed to the bedposts followed by her feet, they were spread wide and secured to the foot bed. 

Gag and blindfold in place Jenny sucked in her breath as she felt her night gown being cut from her body. She thrashed and she made small noises behind her gag but her attempts were futile as she felt the gown being removed from her leaving her completely naked and helpless. She felt a rustling of clothes and sensed that he was taking his clothes off.

She felt the bed shift as her attacker moved then she felt his breath on her face as he pressed his lips to her check. She turned her face away trying to avoid his mouth but his lips followed insistently, brushing against her soft check before moving down her neck then to her collarbone. 

There was a short pause and Jenny imagined him looking at her body, she felt his hands on her tender breasts, he squeezed gently and she felt her milk trickling down her breasts and on his hands. She felt one hand leaving her breast and she heard a licking motion and she blushed as she imagined him liking her milk from his fingers.

She jolted from the bed as suddenly she felt his mouth closing on one engorged nipple feeling the milk rushing out as he suckled intently on her full breast. He kept on suckling and licking on her breast till the last drop then he moved to its twin relieving it from its heavy lade.

Something familiar bricked in the back of her brain, and with time she found herself relaxing. She knew those deft hands, for only one man could arouse her desire in the same mind dazzling way. She smiled behind her gag and enjoyed his caresses; it has been a long time since he made love to her, before the twin was born.

She moaned as she felt his hand moving over her torso, to her stomach and lower before it disappeared between her thighs to tease her clit, he rubbed his fingers between her pussy lips then he slipped his finger cautiously inside her making sure not to cause her any discomfort. 

Jenny writhed frantically under his hand as she pushed herself against him, the long suspense making her ready for him. As if sensing her despair he removed his fingers from her and replaced it with his throbbing shaft, pushing his way slowly inside her until he was embedded completely inside her folds, it didn't took them long before they reached their orgasm, it was so strong and explosive that it took their breaths away. 

He lied heavily on top of her with his face buried in her neck, his cock still buried within her warmth while she lied limply under him.

Nick moved his head reluctantly from its soft nest and raised his hand to remove her blindfold and gag; he looked down in her limpid eyes and lowered his head to kiss her softly on the mouth "Happy first anniversary Mrs. Kazan" he smiled down at her before he moved to free her hands and feet.

Once she was free she scrambled to her knees as she pushed him to his back and pressed him down on the bed, her eyes shot daggers at him.

"What is the hell is wrong with you Nickolas Kazan; you scared the hell out of me"

Nick placed his hands behind his head, his eyes slide to her jiggling breasts, he fought the urge to push her down on him and burry his face into those magnificent breasts.

He took a deep breath and placed a serious look on his face as he raised his eyes to her furious ones.

"I felt that you need a break, you were wearing yourself out that I was afraid that you will break down, I tried to convince you to take it easy but you wouldn't listen, so I thought it is better to take matters in my hands"

He paused before adding "We didn't have any time together since we brought these two little monsters home, I think seriously of offering them for adoption" he finished in a pout.

Jenny looked at him incredulously before she threw her head back and gave an amused high laugh. 

"You are jealous of your own sons" she managed to say as she chocked with laugher. 

"Yes I'm damn jealous of them having all your attention, I don't like to share you with anyone else even my babies, and maybe we don't have any more kids in future".

"Come on, don't you wish to have a little girl" Jenny said as she leaned against him, her breasts grazing at his chest.

He moaned as his hands moved to guide her legs around his hips, his penny perched at her entrance "You are a little devil. You have to work hard to convince me to change my mind" he said as he pushed the knob of his shaft inside her, his hands moved up to her breasts, then they were no chance to talk as desire took over.

Later they showered and lied huddled together under the covers with her back pressed against his front; his arm lied on her waist. Jenny was worried about the boys.

"Nick, we have to go back tomorrow. I'm worried about the boys" Jenny said as a frown creased her brows.

"No" he said firmly "The boys are well taken care of. I don't want them to grow to be Mama's boys". 

"But..."

"No buts" he said and turned her to face him "They had enough of you over the past months, I think seriously of keeping you here forever" he leant down and planted a firm kiss on her mouth. 

He raised his head at last" and it seems that I have grown a penchant for kidnapping you Mrs. Kazan". He grinned at her before his mouth took hers again to the place where nothing exists but their love.

The end.