 Disclaimer: All right, this story is not real. NOT REAL! Not to be read by anyone under the age of 18/21 yadda yadda yadda! I'd love to hear some feedback as per usual. please feel free to leave me a comment in the COMMENT Box at the end of the page. You see those big empty stars too? Maybe bump those up to five full ones? We wouldn't want them to be empty now would we? All alone like that? You're not a monster are you? 

This author would like to thank: TNP, Thee_Disciple, MaitreNuit and DarkLord Z for always being able to proof read my crap. 

*

"Oh thank you Batgirl!" I exclaimed, sitting down on my bed. She stood before me proudly, her long strawberry blonde hair flowing from underneath her cowl. She stood before me in her typical velvet deep purple fabric outfit, on the end of her arms and legs were the bright yellow gloves and boots. She also had on her short yellow cape that was flowing freely in the night's breeze, her breasts were covered by the yellow symbol for Batgirl. She had come in through the window and chased out the Joker's side kick, Harley Quinn. 

Smiling, she looked down at me. "Not a problem citizen! Oh, wait. Did Harley catch you earlier?"

Rubbing my neck where there was a small lipstick mark on my neck. "Yes, but just a little."

"Oh dear. That won't do. I'm afraid I'll have to help you with it." She said, bending down to sit next to me on the bed.

"Why, what does it do?" I asked, curious as to what Harley had infected me with.

"It's a toxin that will destroy your nervous system unless you can keep your heart beating quickly." Batgirl explained, hooking her arm around my shoulder, supporting me sweetly.

"So, how do I keep it from killing me? Do I have to go to the gym?"

"I'm afraid not, it doesn't work like that. You can't sweat it out. We need to get the toxin into someone who's already been cured. That way it kills it right there and then."

"Right, how is that going to work?" 

"I'm afraid we'll have to perform sexual acts to transfer the toxin. I, however, have been given a cure by Batman himself." She said with a sweet smile, placing her hand on mine.

"OK, I'll have to just keep my chin up for it." I said, looking distraught over it.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" She asked, squeezing my hand lightly.

"I do, but she's out of town right now."

"I see. Well, I'm sure she won't mind if we just get together for this one night." She said with a smile.

"OK... Should I start?" I asked, smiling slightly as we made eye contact.

"I don't mind citizen." She said smiling politely. 

Nodding, I put my hands on hers and held them. Leaning in, I planted my lips on hers and kissed her. Her lips tasted of peach, very sweet and juicy. Batgirl moved in closer to me and linked her fingers in between mine. Her small mouth opened and our tongues slid into each others mouths, she moaned lightly as my tongue wrapped around hers. Sucking on the organ lightly, she budged over to me and straddled my lap.

We unhooked our fingers and our hands moved independently. My arms slid around her delicate waist and hugged her tighter to me. Her arms moved up to my shoulder and she linked them around my shoulders. She hugged me closer to her, pulling her deeper into our kiss.

Batgirl's legs moved from being on either side of me to wrapping them around my waist. She hugged me tightly, with every appendage wrapped around me, she moaned as our tongues slapped against each other messily. 

Breaking the kiss, she looked down at my lap and saw that I wasn't quite erect. She looked up at me with her large blue eyes, she bit on her bottom lip. "Are you having a problem getting hard?" 

I looked away, almost ashamed. "I am, I love my girlfriend too much to be getting hard with you."

"Well, I'm sure she wouldn't want you to die because of this. I'm sure she'll understand. Should I give you a blowjob?" She asked, sliding off of me and onto her knees at the foot of the bed.

"I think that may help." I said, looking down at her smiling face.

"All right then, it's my job to defend the people of Gotham and you are a tax-paying citizen." She leant over and unzipped my flies, reaching into them and she tugged my dick out of my pants. She looked at the hardening member and smiled, jerking the bottom of the shaft she looked with amazement as it arose to the full seven inches. 

She opened her mouth and took the member inside her warm, wet mouth. She slowly bobbed up and down on my member, sliding up and down my shaft, she slowly tightened and loosened the seal around my shaft. Tightening her lip lock at the half way point, she applied pressure as she slid up and down. Whenever she hit the bottom of my dick's head, she moaned throatily and let her tongue bash against the head. Liberally coating the head with her warm spit, she looked up at me as she went to work.

Bobbing up and down, Batgirl moaned sexily as she loosened her lip lock and started to splash her tongue against my member. Her warm spit smacked against my shaft and trickled down, reaching a pool at my balls. As she bobbed down to my balls, she brought her gloved hand up and cupped my testicles, pushing them closer to her mouth. Then, she opened her mouth and let her tongue lap against my skin, capturing all of her spit.

Breaking her lip lock with my dick, she pushed herself up so she wasn't resting on her calves. Her breasts were level with my dick, she pushed herself forward so that my shaft was in between her tits. Pushing her tits together, she pumped her tits up and down. Her fleshy mammaries felt so good pumping my shaft and she seemed to be enjoying my dick as she looked up at me and smiled. 

"Are you going to cum soon?" She queried, looking up at me with her big blue eyes.

"Probably." I admitted, a thin film of sweat started to form on my body as she toyed with me.

"Well, my mask tells me that we haven't be going at it for long enough to transfer the toxin. We'll have to have actual intercourse!" Standing up, she unclipped her utility belt and tossed it to the floor. It was then that I saw that she was wearing a two piece suit. Her belt had covered up the thin patch of skin that was where the uniform broke apart. 

She put her fingers inside the tights and rolled them down her thighs, she revealed that she wasn't wearing any panties. Her pubic area was neatly trimmed with a thin patch of hair resting just above her vagina's lips. She smiled as she saw me ogling her, she then put her hands on the top and pulled the top off. Tossing them over her shoulder, they landed just over the room on my computer's desk.

Her breasts were a nice 32C and looked like a handful, her nipples were nice and pert. I pulled myself to the head of my bed and unbuckled my pants completely, lifting my ass up I slid them off and dropped them to the side of me. Sitting up, I pulled my shirt off as well and dropped it on top of them. 

"All right Batgirl, I'm ready." She smiled and nodded, crawling up on the bed she parted her legs and straddled my lap. Reaching behind her, she took my dick in her hand and positioned it at her wet opening.

Slowly, she brought herself down and let my dick enter her wet pussy. Her lips clung to my dick tightly and she let her head fall back as my member invaded her. Moaning, she put her hands on my chest and started to rock backwards and forwards. Lifting her hips up and down, she started to ride me. Her head fell back and she looked to the sky as she straightened her back and groaned. 

I brought my hands up to her chest and squeezed her breasts lightly as she groaned. Her small nipples were pressing up against my palms as she rode me, with my other hand I took her nipple in my hand and lightly twisted the nub. Batgirl groaned as I played with her tits, she looked down and kissed me on the lips. 

Squeezing her tits, I groaned as her hips started to make circles on my lap with my dick still in it. Her tongue licked at mine liberally, sliding out of my mouth and biting on my bottom lip. It slipped out of her mouth and she smiled happily, leaning in she kissed the bite mark and sucked on the lip. Putting her hands on my chest, she pushed me on my back. Putting her hands on my chest, she started to ride me.

She was truly a sight to see as she started to lift and drop her hips at an incredible rate. Her hair started bounce up and down almost independently, she looked like a phoenix as it whipped around. Her eyes were shut tight as she rode me, her hands pressed down on my stomach as her eyes shut tightly. Her hips were working like a piston as she pumped up and down milking my dick tightly.

Grinding her lap against mine, I groaned as her clit rubbed against mine. She hooked her arms around my neck and pulled me in tighter so I could suck on her breasts. Taking her right breast in my mouth, I looked up at her and smiled as her mouth had formed an open 'Oh' shape. Putting my hands on her ass, I squeezed her flesh tightly as she let out a throaty groan.

She ran her hands up her body and through her soft hair. I leant up and kissed her softly, she hooked her arms around my neck and pulled me into her lips. 

Sweat started to run down our bodies as she pushed her firm, tight body against me. Pushing against me, she grinned as she held my hands above my head and linked her fingers in mine. She groaned as she threw her head back and started to writhe on my dick. Grunting sexily, her voice became a sexy growl as she started to cum. Her warm lips hugged my dick as she shook and rushed towards an orgasm.

Leaning down, she kissed me on the chest as she came down from the high of the orgasm. She kissed from my left nipple to my right and stroked my chest hair, climbing off of me she climbed on all fours and waved her rear at me.

"Quick! Take me from behind!" 

Nodding, I climbed up and took hold of her hips. Moaning, Batgirl parted her vagina's lips and let my dick slide inside her. She lifted her head up and she groaned at the invasion. Looking over her shoulder, she growled at me to continue fucking her. Sliding my member in and out, I gripped her hips tightly.

Her head fell down and lay against the bed sheets that were now soaked with sweat. Panting heavily, she was moaning compliments to me as I slipped in and out of her. I felt my nuts start to tighten and realised I was going to cum soon.

"Batgirl! I'm going to cum soon."

"Quick! Cum inside me!"

With a few more sharp thrusts, I shot my load deep inside her. Groaning, I continued to pump in and out of her, making sure I got all of my seed inside her. Sighing, content with all of my sperm deep inside her, I pulled out and watched as she rolled onto her back and look at me.

"How was that citizen?"

"Heh. It was fantastic Erin."

My girlfriend, Erin lifted the velvet cowl off of her head and tossed it over with the outfit.

"I'm glad you had fun. Did I say the right stuff?"

"Heh, that stuff's not really important. It was a lot of fun pretending to fuck Batgirl!"

Erin curled up on my chest and wrapped her arms around my waist. Her head fell on my chest and she smiled as I hugged her tightly, kissing her on her head.

"So, do I get a turn next?" Erin kissed me on the lips and lightly planted them around them.

"Sure! Who do you want me to be?" I asked, matching her pattern of peppering her lips with kisses.

"I'd really like to get fucked by Superman." She said with a smile, turning away from me, almost embarrassed.

"That's fine. I'm sure I can find a suit somewhere. Do you have any ideas for a story? Or do you even want a story? Should I just fuck you?"

"Let's make something up on the night. Now, let's just sleep." Erin said with a smile, kissing me on the lips and resting on my chest. 

It was fun with Erin, our sex life needed spicing up and she suggested a role play event. We spoke with our buddy, Ian who worked at The Party Store in the middle of Los Angeles. I watched her sleep peacefully, my eyelids felt heavy and I soon fell asleep too.