 The organization's fundraising dinner/dance was tonight. I had been looking forward to getting all dressed up, for it wasn't something that I had the opportunity to do often. This year it would be different. I had been working out throughout the year toning up my body and I found a gown to accentuate my curves. I was normally a very conservative dresser, never wearing anything that showed much cleavage, but tonight I wanted to have fun and show a little skin.

I admired myself in the mirror with my black bra, panties, and black stockings. Too bad my gown wasn't see-through for those that I wanted it to be. My husband chose not to attend the event because he wasn't feeling that well. I was on my own. 

I slipped the sleeveless v-neck black gown over my head and swayed my hips back and forth until the skirt fell into place. Reaching behind, I zipped up the back and did a little twirl to watch the skirt flow around my body. The neckline showed off just a hint of cleavage, more than any of my colleagues had seen before. My breasts fit perfectly into the gown and it hugged me like a glove. I liked what I saw. In fact, the gown fit so well that I wondered if I could go without my bra tonight. 

I reached behind me and unzipped the dress. First pulling the material down over my shoulders and then unhooking my bra, I watched as I revealed my breasts in the mirror. God had been good to me, I thought. I lifted the front of the dress back over my breasts and adjusted each one to fit inside the formed cups in the material. It was perfect. 

I decided to wear my long light-brown hair down around my shoulders tonight. A few turns of the curling iron gave it the soft waves and curves that made it bounce. I leaned towards the mirror and outlined my full lips with my lip liner and then with some deep natural lipstick. I wanted my lips to look wet and inviting.... for whomever might be looking. There was something exciting about being wanted by other men, even if I couldn't have them. My motto was 'It's the invitation that counts, even if you don't join the party.'

I arrived at the front door of the restaurant and a kind, older gentleman opened the door for me. 

"All alone tonight?" he asked. 

"Sure am," I replied. 

"Well I hope we get a chance to talk," he commented as he watched me walk in. I smiled and proceeded to walk into the hall.

I immediately was greeted by a few women coworkers as they took my coat. Many people that I worked with had volunteered to help at the event. We laughed and chatted about how wonderful and elegant everyone looked. 

"Lisa, you look awesome tonight," one woman said to me.

"Wow!" mentioned another.

I was afraid it was all going to my head. I enjoyed the attention but there were only a few coworkers there that I really wanted to impress. 

After giving my coat, I worked my way further into the place. There he was in a tuxedo, looking so fine. "Mmmm baby," I thought to myself. 

Mike and I were close friends and colleagues. We worked together on several projects. He was my dear friend at the office and we knew how to relate to each other on many levels. It had always been a perfect working relationship...and personal friendship. The connection we had always amazed me, almost as if there were something psychic. If our personal situations had been different, I would have pursued him more, but we were both happily married with families of our own. But every so often I would have sexual dreams about him and would wake up so horny that my husband didn't know what hit me. Sometimes I wished that they weren't just dreams.

Mike glanced at me, and it seemed as if he didn't recognize me. Then he turned his head and looked again. A big smile appeared on his face and our eyes locked. He had such mesmerizing eyes and a sexy smile. As I walked up to him, I noticed he was checking me out, from head to toe.

"You look.... wow!" he said, almost as if he were out of breath. 

"Thanks, you look awesome yourself," I replied.

"Where's Carrie?" I asked, referring to his wife.

"She had to visit her parents tonight."

"When the cat's away....," I said with a grin and a devilish look in my eye.

He returned the look and said, "I'll talk to YOU later. I have to finish greeting the guests."

"I'll count on it," I said and I brushed against his hip as I sauntered off to the side with a smile.

As the evening progressed, I mingled with my coworkers and potential rich donors. I didn't get much chance to talk to Mike, for he was busy shmoozing with those that might give money to the foundation. Everytime I glanced his way, however, it was as if he could feel it, and our eyes would meet with a smile from across the room.

After dinner, we were able to relax a bit, so I found my way to the bar. 

"Black Russian, please," I asked the bartender.

"Sure you can handle it, lady?" a voice said softly from behind. I felt someone push up against me as I turned my head. It was Mike.

"I don't know, if I can't handle it, maybe you can handle me." I said, teasing.

"Don't make promises you can't keep," he said as he moved to stand beside me. 

A huge grin appeared on my face. He always had a way with flirty words, but we had an understanding that words would be all that we would exchange. I was afraid, however, that tonight it wouldn't stop with just the words. 

He invited me to sit at a table with some other coworkers that we were friendly with. We laughed and joked about silly topics and I decided to see what trouble I could get into. Mike was sitting to my right at the round table while he talked to Bill across from him. I kicked the shoe off my left foot and rotated my body slightly towards him. I lifted my foot slowly began moving it up and down his leg. With a sudden jerk, Mike turned his head and looked at me as if to say, "What the hell are you doing?" I just smiled and then participated in the conversation with Bill, as if nothing were happening. 

The tablecloth shielded the action that was about to take place. I felt Mike relax and open his legs a bit, and since he didn't push my foot away, he was fair game in my book.

My stocking-covered toes caressed his shin and slowly moved to his thighs. He was at the perfect angle for my foot to explore. I couldn't wait any longer and my toes reached his crotch. I found what I was hoping for, an awaiting hard bulge. There was no way that he was getting up from the table now. I continued to sip on my drink and nonchalantly talk to Mike and Bill, all the while massaging his restrained cock with my toes under the table. I could feel it responding to my touch. Mike was squirming and trying to adjust himself, as he pretended that nothing was happening. I was feeling evil and seductive. The games had begun.

"I need a refill," Bill said. "Anyone?"

"No thanks," we both answered. Bill got up from the table and walked to the bar. Mike turned is head to me and smiled. 

"You have talented toes," he whispered. 

"Just wanted to see if you liked what I was wearing," I flirted.

"I'd like it better if you weren't wearing it."

"I need to go to the ladies room," I said. "Meet me upstairs in 15 minutes."

"You can't leave me here like this." he joked.

"Watch me." And with that I withdrew my foot from his crotch, slipped my shoe on, and got up from the table. I glanced at him over my shoulder as I walked away and raised my eyebrows. Mike winked and took a sip from his drink.

The upstairs of the ballroom had a dark balcony and a bar that wasn't being used for the event. It was closed for the evening and there was only a hint of light coming from a few table lamps in the corners. I set my drink on the abandoned bar and waited. This would be the test. Did Mike want me as much as I wanted him? Should I even be doing this? Maybe I should just go back downstairs and stop it right now. 

I waited 20 minutes, all the while studying the bottle labels behind the bar and my mind waffled between waiting and leaving. When he didn't show up, I was disappointed and decided to get another drink. I decided it was for the best that we didn't do anything illicit--that way no one would get hurt. Just as I was about to turn, someone grabbed me around the waist from behind. I could tell by his clean, fresh scent that it was Mike. 

"Going somewhere?" he asked. 

"You lost your chance, Buddy," I said in a tantalizing tone.

"I got accosted by some old lady, but I'm here now. Trust me, I didn't even hear a word she said. I just wanted to find you up here."

"What were you hoping to find?" I teased.

"You can't walk in here wearing that, showing off your tits, playing with me, and think you are going to get away with it, you know." He threatened with a smile. With that he reached around for one of my breasts with his strong hand and squeezed it. He maneuvered his fingers under the material of my dress and found my bare nipple. I pushed my head back against his shoulder and exposed my neck. We didn't even need to tell each other what we wanted, he could read me like a book. 

From behind, he brought his mouth to my exposed neck and started softly kissing up and down, tracing my neck and shoulder. I felt a chill go through my body and I gasped. While one of his hands cupped my breast, the other reached for the zipper on my back. Our bodies were pressed together and the electricity was intense. I could feel on my ass that he was ready to bust out of his pants, so I reached behind me to feel just how aroused he was. I was pleased to feel him so hard. I don't know how often I made him hard in the past, but we had joked about pleasuring ourselves while thinking of each other. This was so much better than that.

His touch was intense and exhilarating, yet comforting at the same time. There was something very exciting and dangerous about not seeing him and only feeling him behind me. He bit my neck and I let out a whimper. 

"Shhhhh," he breathed in my ear. "Everybody's right downstairs... unless you want them to hear us?"

I giggled and closed my eyes, relishing in the movements and touch of his hands on my warm smooth body. He unzipped my dress and reached inside the opening from the back and around to my panties. He slowly but steadily started rubbing my pussy over the silky material. I couldn't help but open my legs further to his touch. I pushed my ass against his crotch and he started rubbing himself against me. 

"I wish that were a tongue down there," I mumbled between my quick short breaths. 

"In time, my dear," he said. He then slipped his hand underneath the waist of my panties and touched me so tenderly between my legs. A volt of intenseness shot through me and my legs weakened for a moment. He caught me and brought me back to my feet. All the muscles in my body were tingling; they almost hurt. 

He found my clit and circled it with his fingers. I was so wet I could almost hear the moistness, and I was afraid that everyone else could too. His fingers continued to play between my lips for a moment and then he reached in further and inserted two fingers into my hot, awaiting pussy. I moaned even louder when he found my G-spot. One hand on my breast and the other tickling my pussy...I thought I was going to lose it right there. 

I started to turn around to face him and he said, "Don't, I want you like this." 

I abided by his request and faced the back of the bar again. I noticed something in the mirror through the bottles behind the bar. As I opened my eyes wider to see in the dark, I saw that it was the bartender from downstairs. He was standing behind Mike, watching. How long had he been there? Should I say something... or just let him watch? He was standing motionless, just staring as our eyes met in the mirror. I thought that it might be fun to put on a little show for him, so I didn't tell Mike that he was there. Instead, I leaned forward on the barstool in front of me and pushed my ass into Mike even harder.

He removed his hand from my erect nipple and pulled the dress down over my shoulders to let it fall to the floor. I spread my legs as I bent over the stool, allowing him to fondle me more intensely. The bartender was going to enjoy this one.

I reached behind me and unzipped his pants, releasing his hard starving cock that was already covered in pre-cum. I spread the jellyness over his velvety head and then rubbed it on my ass. I thought about letting him enter me there, but I was too scared. So it only took a few nudges and he was deep inside my pussy. He fucked me with such desire, pumping in and out and breathing heavily but quietly. He had no idea that we were being watched. I rode his cock and squeezed it from inside, not wanting to let it go. 

My mouth, however, wanted more. I wanted to devour him... and I wanted to show our audience what a bad girl I could be. I pushed back with my ass and forced him out of me. Quickly I spun around gave him a quick kiss on the lips. He wasn't going to let it stop at that, however. He kissed me harder and deeper than I expected. Our tongues touched and I could feel my heart skip a beat. Then I pulled away to look at him.

"Anything wrong?" he asked.

"Oh nothing," I answered mischievously and laughed as I looked into his eyes and traced my lips with my wet tongue. I glanced at the bartender whom I could barely see in the darkness of the corner where he was lurking. 

Standing in nothing but panties and stockings, I reached down and grabbed Mike's eager hard cock. I bent over and brought my tongue to it, softly licking my juices off the glistening head. I was sweeter than I had expected. I rubbed his soft head all over my face--my cheeks, my chin, my nose and eyelids. I wanted to feel him with all of my senses. I gently filled my mouth with him and let my tongue go to work. I circled the ridge of his head and then teased the end, but I knew the most sensitive part was underneath. My tongue traced it back and forth and I could feel his cock pulsate with each stroke. He gently held the back of my head as he pumped his cock in and out of my mouth.

As he watched me devour him he said, "You look good with a cock in you mouth." I laughed inside with embarrassment but found that to be a huge compliment. I wondered if the bartender was thinking the same.

Mike's breathing got heavier and more rapid. I knew he was close to cumming. I wasn't going to stop him. I sucked him with so much hunger and he came with a force. I could feel the warmth hit the back of my throat as I swallowed. I usually didn't swallow, but I wanted to for Mike. Some of it dripped from the corner of my mouth and I wiped it with my hand. I cleaned him up with my tongue to get rid of all the evidence so we could return to the party.

Mike reluctantly zipped his pants and adjusted his tuxedo while I put my dress back on. He helped me zipper the back and leaned over to kiss my neck again. I didn't want him to stop, but knew that people would start wondering where we where. 

"What about you?" he said. "I want my turn with you."

"Later, my dear," I said as I turned and walked away towards the ladies room. I noticed that the bartender had disappeared. I'm sure he enjoyed the show.

The evening progressed, uneventfully. I occasionally caught Mike's attention from across the room and we would exchange mischievous smiles. It was fun but I was ready to go home. 

I walked over to Mike to say my goodbyes. 

"I was about to leave too. Do you need a ride?" he asked. 

"Sure," I said. 

We got our coats, said our goodbyes to our coworkers, and headed out the door. 

"Thanks," he said with a smile. I knew what he was talking about.

"Oh, it was truly my pleasure." I answered.

"We could go somewhere so we can talk...or whatever?" he asked.

"Talk?" I raised my eyebrows and told him that I'll follow if he leads.

After a short drive, we pulled into a motel parking lot. I waited in the car while he went to get a key. I didn't even dare ask what name he was putting down. I just knew that I felt nervous, like a teenager waiting for her first kiss.

He walked over to room 344, put the key in the door and pushed it open. I got out of the car and walked into the room containing a king sized bed, a bureau, and a small TV. He shut the door behind him and approached me,

"You drive me crazy," he said. "I'd like to take you right here on the floor." 

And with that he leaned forward and kissed me, quickly at first and then deeper and softer. We started to laugh as he tickled my side and made me jump and squirm. Then he put his arms around me and held me tight. He slowly lifted me up, and placed me down so I was sitting on the edge of the bed, and reaching to my back he easily unzipped my gown, letting it fall to my waist. He kissed my neck and then leaned over and tenderly kissed my exposed breasts, taking one into his mouth and sucking on it until the nipple became erect. I pushed his face into my breast as if to tell him not to stop. My body was full of excitement and desire. I wanted him to ravish me, to connect with me, to consummate our friendship.

He pulled away for a moment and I grabbed his tuxedo jacket, tugging it off his shoulders. Fast and furious, I unbuttoned his shirt and I kissed him on his slightly hairy chest. I ran my tongue around his nipples and licked them tenderly. I could see the lump in his pants so I rubbed it from the outside first, but then I had to release it. I unbuttoned and unzipped his pants, and pushed them down, revealing a wonderfully hard cock, just for me. I wrapped both hands around his shaft and proceeded to rub his soft, silky head over my cheeks. I closed my eyes and relished in his touch and smell. 

"Oh, I want you," I whispered. 

With that he gently pushed me back on the bed and kneeled down between my legs. He reached up to grab the sides of my panties and pulled them down over my hips, knees and ankles. I opened my legs to his touch and stretched out on the bed.

Closing my eyes, I felt his soft, warm tongue start exploring my wetness. When his tongue touched my clit my whole body jerked. It was so intense. His fingers added to the pleasure as he probed me around and in all my areas. I was going wild. He lingered for several minutes, running his tongue up and down the area right behind my button.

"You taste amazing," he stopped for a moment. 

"Don't stop," I begged.

He continued his magic tongue tricks as a rhythmic wave built up inside of me. He reached up with one hand and started stroking my breasts. Mike was a man of many talents and I was in ecstasy. I couldn't hold back any longer and let out a loud moan as I climaxed. I grabbed the back of his head and pushed it into my pussy as I rode the orgasm and his face. 

He wiped my juices off his cheeks and leaned over me for a soft kiss. 

"I'm not done with you yet," Mike warned lustfully. 

Like a prowling tiger, he climbed on the bed and straddled me. I opened my legs wider, and with ease and gentleness, yet vigor, he entered me with his hungry cock. I was so wet from his licking that it glided in effortlessly. It felt like none other. He filled me and I relished in his fullness. I closed my eyes and rocked my head back and forth, almost in disbelief. I had wanted him so badly for so long, but had restrained myself. The feeling was obviously mutual. His hands explored my body: my face, my neck, my breasts, my ass. His tongue licked my ears and my neck. He sent shivers down my entire being.

Wrapping his arms around me, we rolled over--he wanted me on top. I could feel him deep inside me, further than when I was underneath him. It almost hurt, but now I could control him. I lifted my ass up and down causing him to slide in and out of me. I squeezed him with my internal muscles and could feel him pulsating to my rhythm. My long hair draped down and tickled his face and chest as I rocked back and forth. I wanted to cum again. I rubbed my mound against the base of his cock until it tingled with fury. His fullness made it that much more intense. I moaned softly and just as my body collapsed on top of him, I felt a burning warmth fill me. He kissed my neck and ears and let out a long sigh. 
