 Chapter 3: Chelsea in the Morning

I've been MIA for a while, a little discouraged by the lack of feedback/votes for my other stories, though many thanks to those who did. But that uncontrollable urge to write burns on, doesn't it!? Please--WILL WRITE FOR VOTES/FEEDBACK!

* * * * *

"Yo! DreamWeavers. 'Tell us your dream and we'll make someone cream!' Simeon on the line--to do your dream phyne!"

"My name's Patrick. I'm 54. Wife died a while ago. I want a fantasy. I'm still in shape and not too bad-looking, but the years are showing. I ain't got a look from a missy in a while. Last woman to hit on me was an Alzheimer's victim in a Wal-Mart. Called me a stud. I didn't care about the Alzheimer's part. I could've given her some sex she might remember. I know I would. It's just that her 60-something-year-old daughter was leading her around! 'Mind if I take Mom to the Brer Rabbit motel for a quickie?' wasn't going to cut it."

"So, you want someone to hit on you?"

"Yes. But younger, no Alzheimer's, no one in college. Very sensual. One who gets off with just a little touching. Then goes crazy when things get serious." He pauses. "I don't want to fall in love, mind you. I still love Karen. Couldn't love anyone else but her. A nice sensual fling would be fine."

"Sex?

"Female."

"No, I got that. Do you have sex or just, you know, hit on each other? Touchy-feely stuff. Uh-huh. White or of color? Straight, a little edgy, way edgy? Leather? Sure, I usually include boots—at least on the women. Tell me what else I need to know." Patrick gives me details. This is going to be as easy as fucking an ass at the end of a gangbang! This story is writing itself as he talks!

"The pre-story is free. Two-ways in which you each cum once run about three-fifty. Would you be interested in our special this month? You can have a three-way with humans for only an extra hundred! That's a savings of almost three hundred and fifty dollars! Okay, maybe next time!

"With some character development, add another fifty. You're a guy, so I assume no afterglow shit, right? That crap is such a grind for me to write! Okay, good! Let's say four hundred and I'll throw in a poem for free! You want leather- or vinyl-bound? No, I mean the story! Sure, I'll email it to you tonight. If you like it, you can pick up the fine, Corinthian-leather version with the gold lettering next week."

