 My part time hobby job is photography. I had been doing family photos, engagement pictures and Year book photos. One day I got a call from a lady who wanted pictures of just herself. When I showed up it turned out she was a high end escort and wanted pictures for her website. She gave me a couple of referrals and business took off for my new secret side business. The ladies were a lot of fun and really liked my work. Then I had some lady friends who wanted to do lingerie photos for their husbands. Problem is not many women have sexy lingerie. Thus I decided to take some of my earnings and buy lingerie for women.

So here I am at Victoria's Secret trying to buy underwear. Yes, I am embarrassed. An attractive lady comes over who I guess to be in her mid 30s and says, "May I help you pick something out?"

"That would be great. I don't know much about this stuff."

"Great, what size does she wear?"

I go into telling her about my photography business and how I need a variety of sizes. I want lacy stuff in white, black and red.

"Oh boy, you have a lot of shopping to do and we close in 5 minutes."

"Okay, I will come back another day."

"No, no, no. I will help you. I am in charge of closing."

We go through picking out a 4 outfits in various sizes. The store is closed and we are the only ones left. She is also asking me about my business and getting personal with the questions. "Do these women ever hit on you?" 

I answer, "Yes. I have accepted a few offers." Do you get aroused while taking pictures?"

"Do you get aroused when taking the pictures?"

"No, I am concentrating on how everything looks. Speaking of looks, I wonder how these look on a woman. Do you have any mannequins wearing these?

"No we don't. But since you are used to seeing lots of women in lingerie I can model them for you."

"That would be great."

I follow her back to the dressing room and she goes into a dressing room and tells me she will be out in a bit.

She comes out in a black lacy one wearing a thong. She has a smoking body. I know she is wearing a 36 C bra from what she picked out. She turns slowly for me and she has a nice firm ass. No stretch marks and no tan lines. I can feel myself getting a bit hard. I tell her I like it.

She returns then comes out in Black with Red trim bra and panties. "I love that."

She comes out in a red bra and panties. "That works too."

Last outfit is lacy white. I can almost make out her nipples. She has long black hair dark brown eyes and tan. I like the contrast.

"I will take that too. There is one more I saw I would like to see on you if you don't mind."

"Sure, I have plenty of time."

I pick out a whit one that is sheer and see through bra. I hand it to her scrunched up. She goes into the changing room and I hear her giggle. After a bit she says, "We have security cameras in the hallway. No way am I stepping out of here wearing this. You have to come in here."

I step inside and oh my god what a thing of beauty. My cock is completely hard as I see her 50 cent size areolas and hard nipples showing through the thin material of the bra. I step up to her where I am only 2 feet away from her.

"Wow, that's all I can say is wow. You sure make this look gorgeous."

She looks down and sees my bulge in my pants. "I thought you don't get aroused?"

"I am not looking through the lens of a camera." I can't help myself and reached up and ran my finger across her hard nipple and said, "Someone else is aroused too."

She brought her left hand up and pinched her other nipple slightly and moaned. That is when I noticed she had a big stone on her wedding ring. I had not even noticed it before.

"Oh I am sorry. I didn't notice your wedding ring before. I started to lower my hand from her nipple.

"It's okay, it has been a long time since my husband has touched me. He is too busy with work."

While she said this her hand started to slide along my hard cock.

Her head tilted up and I leaned in and kissed her. The kiss turned deep and intimate right away. Our tongues danced together. As we kissed her hand moved up and undid my belt, then my button and finally my zipper. My pants dropped to the floor and I stepped out of them. Her hand slid down my boxers and pulled out my fully hard cock.

She broke the kiss and looked down at my cock. "Fuck you have a nice size cock."

As she gently played with my cock and balls we kissed some more. While kissing I was able to remove her bra. I moved my kissed to those gorgeous hard nipples. I cupped, fondled, kissed and sucked her breasts. I wanted to taste her like no other woman before.

I kissed my way down her body until I got to her panties. I could see they panties were already moist. I pulled them down to her ankles and she stepped out of the panties. Her pussy was a neat landing strip of black hair. I could smell the musk. I licked the outside of her pussy and I could already taste her sex. 

As I slid my tongue from her base to her clit she moaned. She held the back of my head with one hand and fondled her breast with the other.

I slid my tongue inside her and got a wonderful taste of her. My fingers replaced my tongue inside her as I gently licked her hard clit. It didn't take more than 30 seconds before I heard, "Ooooh fuckkkk I am coming."

As her body bucked against my mouth I sucked her clit hard into my mouth until her orgasm ended.

She was breathing heavy and I moved up and kissed her deeply giving her the pleasure of tasting her sex. While we kissed my hands played with her breast. I started to tug on her nipples. She moaned softly. 

I kissed her ear and whispered, "I want to fuck you from behind."

She turned around and bent over putting her hands on the little bench inside the dressing room. I guided my cock slowly into her tight wet pussy. It felt like silk. She pushed back until I was deep inside her. I reached up and took her long hair into my hand and gently pulled it with each thrust in. I must have been over excited because after a couple minutes of this I was ready to cum. I shot two hot ropes of cum inside her. 

It was like a premature deal as I was still hard and even hornier. I let go of her hair and grabbed her hips and started to fuck her harder and faster. I kept fucking her right through two orgasms. 

"Oh my god you know how to fuck a pussy."

"It's you, I haven't wanted someone as bad before."

"I know what you mean. I am not one for sucking cocks but I want to suck your cock and taste your cum."

That was all I needed. It sent me in over drive. I fucked her hard and fast until I was ready to cum.

I pulled out and she dropped to her knees and took my cock into her mouth. In two stokes I shot my first load into her mouth. She took my cock out of her mouth and gagged a bit then swallowed. My second load landed on the side of her face and the bra behind her on the floor. The third one hit a little on her breasts but then she had my cock back in her mouth and I finished that and my fourth in her mouth. 

She continued to suck me until I was done and starting to go soft. She wiped the cum from her face and breasts then put it in her mouth and swallowed. "I have never tasted a man before. It's not too bad!"

She stood up and we kissed for a few minutes. "Well I have to lock up and get home to my kids."

We got dressed and she rang me up at the till. She even gave me the employee discount. We walked together to the parking lot. Before we parted we shared a kiss.

"If you ever need more lingerie make sure you come Tuesdays or Thursdays. We close at 9 p.m."

My photo business has been going well. The local ladies spread the word of my private business. I sold two of the outfits I bought to customers. I guess I need to go shopping again.