 While Belinda was at work on Saturday morning, Carl sent her an erotic print postcard. It depicted a woman in a black corset that ended just under her ample breasts. She was also wearing thigh high black boots. The woman sat impaled on a man's stiff rod, facing his toes. Carl's message to Belinda read, "Please ride me like this. I need to fuck you again and again." 

Belinda had to work hard to pay attention to her clients the rest of the morning. All she could think about was Carl's postcard and how much she wanted to ride his magnificent cock. 

Unfortunately, there would be no time for fucking until much later in the day. Carl had a "must attend" black tie function at the University. He was taking Belinda as his date. She hoped neither of them would be too tired to fuck by the time they got back to Carl's place. 

Belinda got out of work a little early that day. As she drove to Carl's she hoped they could at least have a quick, lusty fuck before they showered to get ready for the evening. As she got out of the car, the cold early winter wind lapped at the wet spot between her legs that had soaked through her jeans. It felt like the wind would freeze her jeans in place if she didn't get out of the cold and into the warmth of Carl's embrace. 

To her surprise, Carl met her at the door having obviously already showered and mostly dressed for the evening. He was only missing his tie and jacket. His sleeves were rolled up a couple cuff lengths. He looked delectable. 

"Am I later than I thought?" she asked him a bit panicked. 

"Not at all," he said, as he opened the door and welcomed her in. "I just wanted you to have plenty of hot water, so I took my shower earlier." 

He leaned over and kissed her lightly. Then pulling back a bit, he saw the little pout on her face and smiled. "I can see you're a bit disappointed darling. But there really isn't enough time right now to fuck you properly. I want to watch you dress." He drew her in close again, and put his lips to hers, moving his tongue into her mouth to explore. "Come now, darling, I've drawn a bath for you." 

Carl, led her to the master bath where he had drawn a full bubble bath surrounded by candles. "Undress and get in. It should be just right," he said as he began to remove Belinda's clothes. She tried to put her hand down to his crotch and entice him, but he pulled away. "Not right now. We have to get you ready for this evening." 

"But I'm so horny after that postcard you sent! You look so hot. I just want to fuck you right here. I'm aching. I don't know if I can wait," she whined erotically. 

Carl just smiled and kissed her forehead. "Into the tub, my dear. I'll fuck you later. I promise. I can see from your panties and jeans that you need it. My, quite a wet spot you have here," he said as he brought her panties to his nose and inhaled the scent of her arousal. Then he lifted her jeans to his mouth and delicately licked the crotch. "Mmmmm....I love the smell and taste of your desire." 

Slowly she lowered herself into the tepid tub. It was luxuriously large and she laid back to soak. Carl turned on the jacuzzi jets and Belinda closed her eyes to enjoy. When she opened her eyes, Carl had put on a waterproof apron. 

He asked for her to place one foot out of the water in the towel he laid across his lap. After carefully drying her foot, he massaged it. Then pushed back the cuticles. Then with amazing precision he painted each toenail with his favorite "Vivacious Vixen" red polish and finished with a clear topcoat. "Your other foot, please, madam." And he repeated the entire process. She'd already had her fingernails done in exactly this color in anticipation of the evening. 

While massaging her feet, Carl had already checked Belinda's legs and discovered that there was no need to shave them. She must have taken care of that before work. However, he did ask if she could keep her feet out of the water and get her pussy out for him to check for stray hairs. Belinda discovered that all those weeks of practicing the bridge position in yoga were paying off. With ease she thrust her pelvis through the cloud of bubbles, resting her weight on her shoulders and legs. 

Swiftly, Carl lathered up an old fashion cup of shaving cream and applied it to Belinda's pussy as it was displayed for him. Then with a straight edge razor he expertly gave her the closest shave her pussy had ever had. Several times he had to tell her to quit thrusting her hips as in her horniness she tried to make contact with him. But he didn't want to accidently nick her with the blade and was afraid her wiggling might cause a slip. 

Carl washed her hair and then the rest of her body, lingering just slightly here and there to tease her. "Ok," he announced when he was done, "I think it's time to get you out and dressed." 

Carl gently toweled Belinda dry, then sensually applied body lotion to every inch of her body. He led her to the bedroom, where he'd laid out a large towel on the bed. "Lay down darling," he said. 

"But I need to get dressed. You said there wasn't time to...." 

Carl put a finger to her lips to silence her and told her again to lie down. From his pants pocket he took out the clit clip with the little bell she'd given to him for Sweetest Day that year. Without a word, he spread her legs wide. Belinda reached down and pulled open the lips of her labia to expose her clit to his full view and access. Holding her clit between the fingers of one hand, he slid the clip over the hood of her clit with the other and pulled it down. She moaned. "You'll want to keep this moist tonight, so it doesn't get irritated before we get home, darling. Please be sure to make opportunity for me to lick your pussy throughout the evening." Again, Carl smiled the smile of a man who was in total sexual control of his woman. 

Then Carl took Belinda's ben wa balls from the top of the dresser and inserted them deep into her pussy. While his fingers were inside her, she tried to thrust her hips to hump them, but he simply smiled and withdrew. After licking his fingers clean, he offered her his hand to get up. 

"I've laid out clothes for you darling." He began to wrap around her and fasten a black corset that was not only strapless, but cupless. He pulled stocking up her legs and fastened the garters to them. "You look lovely darling." 

"But I can't go to a function with my boobs hanging out like this, Carl." 

"Trust me, the dress will provide everything you need. Now let's go do your make up and hair." 

While Belinda stood in front of the mirror doing her hair, Carl dusted her body with a feathery brush coated in honey dust. When he was done, he leaned his hardness into her backside and caressed her boobs, while kissing her neck and tasting the dust. "You are delicious." 

But when she tried to grind her ass back against him, he unexpectedly let go of her boobs and swatted her behind. "Now that's enough! You have to finish dressing!" Then again he smiled, even as he examined his pants for any sign of her rubbing against him. 

Belinda applied her makeup while Carl watched. With Carl's prodding, she dared to go just a bit more intense than usual for her.

Carl slipped her rhinestone choker around her neck and fastened it, then helped her with her sexy matching earrings that dangled down her neck. Then she surprised him by pulling out of her makeup bag what appeared to be two more rhinestone earrings. One at a time she attached them to her nipples, making them stand out erect and sensitive and big. His smile widened and he treated her with a series of little kisses down her neck and shoulder. 

He had brought her shoes into the bathroom and she turned and stepped into them. As she lifted her foot to slip into her four inch heels, the bell on her clit clip quietly rang and Carl smiled. Out of the corner of her eye, Belinda was sure she saw Carl's pants twitch and the bulge of his manhood grow even larger. 

Carl grabbed his digital camera and posed Belinda for a few spicy shots before he'd let her finish dressing. This was exactly how he liked her and they'd make great shots for masturbation when she couldn't be with him. 

From the closet, Carl brought out a beautiful black dress that had a halter top, and empire waist and then a gentle flowing skirt that ended just far enough down Belinda's thighs to be respectable. He tied the halter for her and twirled her around. His eyes were twinkling. He was quite pleased with himself. "You are stunning! And oooooo...sooooooo...sexy," he purred. 

Belinda walked over to the mirror and she had to agree. She felt beautiful and sexy. "Thank you, Carl! It's lovely!" 

Carl held her velvet wrap for her to put around her shoulders and she picked up the little black bag she'd brought along for her lipstick. She could feel the ben-wa-balls, the clit clip, the nipple clips. She could feel her erect nipples against the luxurious fabric of the dress. She felt like a princess....a very horny princess. 

At the party, Carl introduced Belinda to his colleagues as a friend visiting from out of town who agreed to escort him to this event. She tingled every time he put his hand on the small of her back to guide her in a new direction or simply let her know he was there. Apparently a couple of his colleagues asked about their relationship, wanting to know if Belinda was just a friend: was she available? Carl just smiled. 

Throughout the evening, Carl would steal Belinda away into a private bathroom down the hall or a deserted corner outside and plunge under her dress to moisten her clit with his tongue. But each time he left her wanting more. As they danced throughout the evening, Carl's chest moving against hers would titillate her already erect nipples. When he pulled her in close, she could feel his wonderful cock, hard, and pressing into her.

They arrived back at Carl's a little after midnight. As they walked in the door, Carl untied the halter top that held Belinda's dress on and it fell to the floor. She stepped out of it and knelt to undo Carl's pants. She quickly freed his cock from his britches and began licking his shaft, caressing his balls, sucking his head. As she felt Carl's ass begin to tighten, she pulled away and led him to the bedroom where she finished stripping him. He laid on his back and she mounted him facing the mirror on the dresser. Carl put enough pillows under his head that he could see her reflecting in the mirror as she rode up and down on his manhood--so tight, so wet, so sensual and sexy. 

He smiled as she played with her breasts and clit, watching him watch her in the mirror. Up....and down...up and down...she rode until they were both bucking wildly and Carl's hot, sticky, cum filled her pussy with his lust.