 "I'll drive!" Marci told the group waiting downstairs as she took the keys from Nathan. He was used to her driving his car when they were together. In fact, he preferred it. She was also avoiding the remote possibility of ending up seated between the brothers. She'd have to literally sublime if that happened. Nathan gave her the key and walked to the passenger side of the car. Someone was already there but simply jumped back.

"Hello beautiful people, how goes summer?" she asked generally as she started the powerful sounding four wheel drive. She liked driving it, it made other drivers scared of her.

"Hey Marci." Tony or David the Third mumbled. She never got his name straight. The only part she was sure about was that he was the third person to be named that in his family. And to think, over a billion names to choose from. Go figure.

"Hey yourself, you look injured! Stella, Beatrice and guy asleep." Marci said quickly looking at the people in the back seat. The car moved well. It was a very short ride to Nathan's place. Drew was actually waiting outside the gate when they got there.

Marci's heart was two seconds away from bursting out of her chest cavity. No exaggeration. There was dangerousness about the new Drew she wasn't entirely comfortable with. He seemed the type to call bluffs, plough on pretending not to notice awkward moments and worse, he was terribly honest. There was no way he was going to let the incident from the other day slip. She just knew it.

"Hey Guys!" he said in a cheerful tone as he walked around to her side of the car. Marci's heart was beating to some grunge rock inside her. She fixed a warm smile on her face and turned to greet him. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see Nathan getting out of the car. Maybe he was coming out to slag both of them.

It was much worse though. He slipped into the back seat and left the front empty for his big brother. She'd have preferred the slagging. Drew touched her cheek briefly in greeting then rounded the bonnet into the passenger seat. Marci sighed deeply eliciting an eyebrow from Nathan who she could see in the rear view mirror.

It was going to be a long long ride.

* * *

"Do you want to drive!?" she snapped at Drew twenty minutes later. He was the co driver from hell. Granted Marci wasn't exactly ever going to ace Formula 1 but she could at the very least cause the car to move in the intended direction. He pointed, told her to slow down and just generally nagged until finally she contemplated running all of into a tree.

"No, you keep at it." He answered ignoring her harsh challenging tone. He actually smiled at her. 

"Relax Marci, he does that to all of us." Nathan put in from the back. He'd been listening to the two of them, waiting for her burst up. She was very easily baited when it came to driving.

"I am not "all of you" so can you tell him to stop." She replied. Staring hard at the road, her hands tightly gripping the steering wheel, she exhaled deeply. It was hot and humid, her emotions were a mess and she highly suspected a hangover was about to rear its ugly head. Half a bottle of wine from the night before was proving to be a really bad idea.

"I'm right here Marci." Drew protested at the remark

"I really wish you weren't." she again snapped. He chuckled. She lost it. Pulling suddenly onto the side of the road, she glared at him, and then glared at Nathan who looked perilously close to apoplexy. He was suppressing laugher.

"You drive. Nathan, get in front with Lewis Hamilton here. I'm going to quietly fume behind there." She said getting out of the driver's seat. The two men were looking at her like she was speaking twit. She probably was but she didn't really care.

Nathan refused to get into the front so Stella jumped forward instead. Sliding into the backseat between Nathan and Beatrice, she spared the guy in the boot having a nap. He was lucky; he was missing all the turmoil.

"You ok babes?" Nathan asked in concern when she leaned back and sighed yet again.

"I'll be fine. Brian will cheer me up." she told him. He didn't look convinced. She placed what she hoped was a reassuring kiss on his lips. He made it longer than she had intended but she appreciated the concern nonetheless. Leaning back into the seat after the brief but sweet kiss, her eyes collided very accidentally with Drew's in the rear view mirror. They were unreadable and yet she felt a slight chill run down her back. She smiled at him and tried to take a nap. Or pretended to try and take a nap in Nathan's arms.

"We're almost there." Drew called out to the back seat fifteen minutes later. His driving was heart stopping. Literally. Even the guy who had been asleep in the boot had woken up. The kind of driving that inspires silence. Traumatized silence. He turned into a driveway and drove down to their beach house. 

Brian was at the door before they were all out of the car. He rushed to hug her and she loved it. He was her best friend.

Before he went to say hi to the rest of the gang, he pulled her close to whisper in her ear.

"I thought you were done messing with Drew." 

Mouth gaping like a fish, she watched in not-so-well hidden terror as he exchanged greetings with the rest of the group. He hugged his brothers, was courteous to the two girls and worried about the still very sleepy guy. Marci made a mental note to ask about that, she had to stop referring to the guy as the "sleepy guy". He must have some sort of name.

After everyone had changed into swim suits and such, they all headed out to the beach front. It was a great day for the beach Marci acknowledged. She'd been trying to get Brian into a conversation for the last half hour. He was either avoiding her or maybe he was just preoccupied with his guests. The two girls certainly had his full attention Marci thought with a pout.

"Hey, let's go bond!" Brian said to her a few minutes later and she smiled uneasily at him. Drew was seated opposite her. He eyed both of them questioningly as she took Brian's proffered hand followed him down to the shore.

"So, is it going to be Nate or Drew?" Brian asked in his usual to-the-point manner.

"At this rate I am thinking neither. What was that about earlier? Me messing with Drew?" she asked not really wanting to know the answer because she suspected she wouldn't like it much.

"Come on Marci, I'm not that stupid and I'm the one who had to put up with both your fantasies." Brian replied easily.

"Both our fantasies? Drew had fantasies about me?" she asked with a slight smile. The smile was quickly wiped off her face when Brian shot her a warning glance. 

"Yes, I have no desire to play agony aunt to both of you all over again. I do have to tell you that if you mess up my brothers, it'll be really hard and awkward for me. I really don't want that." he said. 

She heard the warning in his voice. She nodded quietly and they walked back to the group.

"Goodnight people. I am exhausted from all that sun." Marci told the sleepy group in the car as they dropped her off at her gate. 

"I need to talk to you briefly about some legal stuff. Can you stay up say five minutes?" Drew asked as he also got out of the car and sent her a challenging look. He had no legal issues of that she was sure. 

"Tomorrow morning?" she asked hopefully.

"It won't take more than five minutes. Hey Nate, Brian, I'll see you guys later. Going to see Uncle John for a chat." He told his brothers. None of them looked like they believed him. 

There was however no way of saying this without making it a completely awkward situation. Marci opened her house door, showed Drew in and inhaled deeply before going through herself. Drew was already seated when she reached him.

"Make yourself comfortable won't you?' she told him and poured herself a tall drink from the other end of the room.

He chuckled and asked oh-so-innocently," Are you still mad at me about the driving?"

"Should I be?" she asked him expressionlessly.

"So, when did you acquire this sarcastic smart mouth personality?" he asked as he laughed at his own wittiness. She wanted to laugh as well but it wouldn't help her cold war cause so she held it in check.

"I thought I'd apologize for making you mad earlier." He told her when it was clear she wasn't going to help conversation wise.

"I thought you had a legal problem." 

"Please!" he dismissed and moved right along, "I thought I'd apologize. I hate seeing you so genuinely mad. It used to kill me when you were younger. Of course you seemed defenseless then. Right now I'm sure your mouth is all the defense any country would need in time of war."

"Didn't anyone teach how to apologize? You don't throw insults into an apology. It makes it seem like a double edged sword or more accurately, the polite alternative to a genuine insult."

"Semantics." He shrugged and stood up to walk towards her. She stood her ground. Even as he walked closer, she still held her ground. 

"I'm sorry I was a co-driver from hell." He told her slowly as he kissed her gently.

"I'm sorry I drove so badly."

"I'm sorry you seem to fear me so much."

"I'm sorry I make you so uneasy."

"I'm sorry I'm complicating your life."

"Most of all, I'm sorry I didn't come back sooner."

These were all punctuated by kisses. On her neck, on her lips, her forehead and her collar bones. He slipped her out of her clothes without a protest from her.

"I have been dying to do this all day." She surprised him by saying. Taking his shirt off him, she ran her fingers across his chest. The last time they had sex she hadn't gotten to touch him as much as she wanted. 

This time, she reasoned, if she was going to die of guilt, she might as well have a solid reason for doing so. He chuckled and twitched as she played gently with his nipples. His chest muscles moved as well and she was fascinated. Kissing him all over, she got to her knees to unzip him. 

"Come here." He told her as he helped her up and finished undressing himself in record speed. 

"You should be arrested young lady." He told her with a chuckle as he pushed her up against the wall.

"Me?" she asked innocently, batting her eyelashes at him even as she pushed her naked body against his and squirmed invitingly.

"Yes you! You make me think the most unbelievable things. And at the most inappropriate of times. You kissing Nathan in the car just near killed me. It should explain the erratic driving. I didn't want it happening again."

"Drew.....don't go there." She warned lightly but he was wise enough to know when not to push it.

Drew's touch became insistent as he pushed up against her, almost flattening her into the wall. He pressed his erection teasingly against her. She growled and his laugh was self-satisfied. Smug bastard.

"You want me just as badly as I want you." Drew whispered.

She closed her eyes, gasping for breath.

"Yes I do Drew. Stop with the torture or do you need help?" She told him eliciting another smug chuckle from him. He slipped his fingers into her pussy and found it wet and wanting. She moved against his fingers as he played most deliciously with her pussy. His fingers were strong as they slipped into her moist warmth.

"I could cum now Marci," he rasped into her ear.

"Then slide in and cum!" she insisted.

"That is something that I can absolutely do." He told her and placing his hard dick at the entrance of her cunt he slid in slowly but oh-so-surely. She inhaled deep as he stilled inside her. He kissed her neck, biting on a particular sensitive spot. She literally shook at his onslaught. She felt the tingles rise from her toes, spread through her pussy, course their way up her breasts and finally settle in her head with a bang. She couldn't stay up and he had to support her.

"You have to learn how to use a bed." She chided him teasingly as the orgasm washed through her while he watched her closely. He then put her on the floor and thrust inside her hard. She gasped for air.

"Gentle Drew, you're huge!"

"Sorry!" he said and thrust in even harder making her cry out.

"I love to hear you cry out for me." He told with a quick kiss then braced himself on either side of her and this time he thrust in shallow or fast. Her second orgasm couldn't wait for him either. She heard herself moan out his name loudly much to his obvious delight.

"Good God Marci.....do you know what that does to me?!" he exclaimed as he forgot his earlier gentleness and plunged deep into her.

"I have an idea." She managed to get out. He wasn't really listening anyway. He was practically growling as he came inside her. His cumming was punctuated by a couple of hard, long but very precise thrusts into her pussy. She felt the after orgasm threaten to become another orgasm. It did by the time he was done.

"You have to tell Nathan." He told her. She opened her mouth to protest on two levels. It was hardly the thing to say after mind blowing sex and second, she certainly wasn't going to tell her boyfriend she'd slept with his brother not once but twice.

"You are going to tell Nathan tomorrow. Sleep." He told her and walked off into the bathroom.