 "Hey Babes, didn't see you the other night at Barcode. Did you come in?" a very sleepy Marci heard a voice ask her. Turning in bed, she opened her eyes a fraction and looked up at her boyfriend. He was gorgeous. Looking very fresh and looking ready for a day of doing absolutely nothing. Well, nothing very productive anyway.

"I came, hang out with my pals for a bit then left after about an hour or so." She croaked. Smoking was definitely not a good thing she thought to herself as she sat up and pushed her hair out of her face. Nathan sat down on the edge of the bed and planted a warm kiss on her lips.

"You look great...almost as great as when we've just had sex." He said watching her light a cigarette. She offered him one and he declined. Dragging in deeply, she shook off the last vestiges of the intensely erotic dream she'd been having about Drew. This whole business was probably not going to end well at all. Such situations rarely did.

"I ran into Drew as well. Missed Brian though." She supplied when the silence was threatening to make her blurt out the transgressions of nights gone. Since her encounter with Drew at the bar, she had been under radar. She didn't know how he would react to knowing she was Nathan's girlfriend. Deep inside, she knew his reaction was bound to be more dramatic than Nathan's when he found out about her and his brother. A big brother he loved absolutely, adored even. Sighing, she inhaled deeply again and blew out slowly.

"You seem rather preoccupied for someone who's just woken up. Bad dream?" Nathan asked still looking at her intently.

"Not bad per se, just disturbing. You know how they say your dreams talk to you. I'm just wondering what mine was saying to me."

"Hopefully it was saying that you're spending today with me and the guys. I know you don't really like my friends but they adore you. And since you asked for small doses, it's been about a month since you last hang out with us." He said with a smirk. She laughed softly. True, Nathan's friends were like the Brat Pack. They were heirs with too much money and too little time. They scared her most of the time with their cavalier attitudes though deep inside she knew she was slightly intimidated by the blatant wealth they displayed. Today was not a good day to spend time with them; she'd get agitated and then take it out on Nathan. That didn't seem fair.

"Sweetie, I have plans. You should have told me yesterday." She chided softly, running a hand along his muscular arm. He seemed disappointed.

"How about I tag along with you?" he asked, pouting prettily. She melted. There was a reason they were together. Nathan got to her inner goody-goody side. She appreciated that. Growing up had made her a little more cynical than she liked and he tempered that cynicism very well with his otherwise more positive personality.

"I'll do one better. I'll cancel my plans and hang out with you guys. I've missed our local Rockefellers. I could use a day with the Rich and Famous!" she said jumping out of the bed. 

"Nice!" he said appreciatively as she pranced around looking for her towel. She found it next to her dressing table and gifted Nathan one of her brilliant sun shiny smiles. They hadn't had sex for about a week and she knew exactly where his head was at the moment. She typically slept in knickers and a vest. She couldn't handle sex with him right now. 

"Get your mind out of the gutter Nathan!" she giggled when he threw her another one of his smouldering looks.

"I've missed you. We're neighbours and I still have to show up at...."he glanced at his wrist watch," 7 fucking am if I want to catch you!" he complained walking towards her.

Relax, kiss him. Don't get all "weirded" out, she told herself as he enveloped her in his arms. She'd always liked his arms. Nathan was the biggest of the boys in the family. He was certainly the tallest at 6"3". Brown eyes, hair as dark as the night and magazine-cover-muscular. He was a catch alright. So why was she dreaming about the more reclusive and suspiciously antisocial Drew? She thought she'd outgrown that particular penchant. Perhaps not as much as she had thought.

Turning her attention back to her boyfriend, she kissed him back just as passionately as he was kissing her. She couldn't help but compare the brothers' kisses. They were different. She wasn't going to go into that right now. Instead, she pulled back slowly and asked him where they were going for the day.

"Kilifi. Hit the beach. The boat's there so we'll drive down. I think Brian took his pals there last night." He said with a snigger as he watched her walk into the bathroom.

"I'm coming in there Marci. I've really missed you." He said simultaneously stripping. There was no logical reason for her to refuse him. Smiling widely, she stripped herself and held the door for him. 

"God you look hot!" be breathed into her ear as he pushed her into the bathroom. Malindi was way too hot for hot showers but with Nathan, she knew it wasn't a shower he was after. Shower turned on, they were making out under the warm jets a few minutes later. No actual showering had taken place as of yet. 

"I love my girlfriend." He told her as he turned her around to face away from him. She opened her eyes with a start but she wasn't quick enough to catch his facial expression. He continued to touch her from behind, running his hands all over her front, as well as her back.

"Plus, I've missed you so much Marci." he whispered again, biting her earlobe. Turning her around again, he gripped her arms and lifted her. His strength was one of those things that really turned her on about him. On a purely shallow level based on nothing but primal instinct. She always felt protected when he was around. Where was he when she needed to be protected from Drew's deadly charm? She couldn't blame him when he was holding her so well though. She sighed into him and relaxed her body completely. 

The lift had succeeded in placing her now wet pussy right at the tip of his already hard dick. 

Lowering her slowly, he stopped for a bit, making her open her eyes.

"Yeah, open your eyes babe. I need to see you." he urged in a not-so-casual tone.

Sinking onto his dick was sweet pleasure. She had almost forgotten how good Nathan was at this. Holding her up by her hips, he braced her against the now warm bathroom wall and wrapped her legs around his waist. He then began to thrust properly.

It was slow, slick and great; she thought as he pushed his cock in deeper and nibbled her nipples in turn. He didn't pick up the pace even when she wriggled and tried to set in herself.

"Patience Marci, I need to enjoy this." he told her quietly and she looked at him. Really looked at him. There was a funny tone to his voice. I will not be paranoid; she told herself firmly. She tightened her arms around his neck and kissed him thoroughly. 

"Sorry....."He said pulling out and going under the shower for a second. 

A very paranoid Marci was calmed herself down when he took her hand and led her out of the bathroom onto the bed.

"I'm too horny for a bathroom fuck babes, needed you in bed." he explained as he delved between her legs and lapped immediately at her clit.

"Ah..!" Tore from her throat as she gasped at the contact. 

She'd expected him to tease her a little but clearly he wasn't in a teasing mood. He was going for the kill, no games. He knew what this did to her.

He licked her clit, sucked it and intermittently nibbled gently on it. His other hand was doing amazing things further down. Just one finger, cocked upwards and causing her body to go into frenzy. He was still not in hurry and Marci was writhing in impatience on the bed with an impending orgasm. 

"I love how you react to me Marci. You like that?" he almost growled as he flicked her clit faster and his finger found the rough pad inside her pussy. 

She let out a long breath, or was it a groan? She wasn't sure but it felt like a thousand small needles were causing her every nerve end sweet pain. She needed to cum but Nathan was intent on drawing it out.

When she thought she'd have to smack him on the head, he rose from between her legs and knelt over her. She knew this drill. He loved her to wet his cock for him before he entered her. 

Only this time he let her suck him longer than usual. Rocking his hips gently, he watched her as she laved his cock with oral attention. She took in the cock with her eyes then her mouth, trying to guess how long it actually was. Her measurement estimates were usually completely off. Six maybe seven inches of thick cock. She wasn't sure. One thing was clear though; she liked it. Cupping his balls lightly, she ran her tongue along the length and girth of his dick. It was hard and soft at the same time. She was getting herself wetter if it was possible. Reaching between her legs, she rubbed her clit as she sucked him.

"I don't want you cumming without me. I like making you cum." He told her and slid down her body. 

Inching her legs over his shoulders, he put just the head inside ever so slowly. She tried to move so as to accommodate more of him but he wouldn't indulge her. He teased her pussy with the head of his cock until she once again thought of hitting him into action.

"Look at me Marci." he commanded and she did. He was looking at her intensely, taking in her expressions. When her eyes were fixed on him, he then delved deep.

"Fuck Nathan!" she moaned out as the orgasm finally washed over her. Her pussy contracted around his thick cock and she felt him pick up his pace. Deep. Long strokes. Not quite fast yet. 

"Yes Marci?" he asked through his teeth as he continued to thrust into her at medium pace. Taking him by surprise, she managed to put her legs down and around his waist. She knew it got him.

And it did. 

Careful, slow sex was immediately transformed into frenetic sweaty sex. Nathan pounded into her with a purposefulness that would in time rouse her paranoia. At the moment however, she was too busy enjoying the sensations. The friction on her clit and the thick dick inside her once again made her cum.

He was also cumming. It was very "Mills and Boon". She almost giggled but managed to hold it in. On most other occasions, the two of them were comfortable enough to crack jokes in bed but it didn't seem like the right day to infuse the humor into sex.

"Wow...."she whispered when his breathing quietened down and he was propped on his elbows, watching her once again.

"So, what time is the boat thingy?" she asked, lighting two cigarettes and giving him one. He slid off her and took it. A long drag later, he answered.

"They are actually waiting in the car outside." He said easily and laughed at her shocked expression. They'd been having sex as his friends waited outside? What the fuck?! He was spared her outrage by his ringing phone. Finding it in the pocket of his earlier discarded shorts; he picked it up and placed a kiss on her lips before he answered.

"Hey Drew. What's up?"

Marci froze. Then unfroze when she realized what she was doing. Then froze again when Nathan turned to look at her with narrowed eyes. Was Drew telling him about the other night? She had to wonder a few more seconds.

"Yes big bro, I'm at my girlfriend's place. And no, I'm not smoking!" he chuckled into the phone and shot her an endearing look. Drew said something else that made Nathan laugh out loud. Marci nerves were on end. She didn't know the new Drew well enough to know what he was capable of. Maybe ten years had turned him into a total he-bitch. Or a saint. Ok, not a saint but maybe a tainted one, she thought to herself as images of them at the back of the bar flashed in her mind.

"Not really, we're going to Kilifi. Wanna come with? I'm picking Marci up. You must in fact join us. I won't have you mopping around the house or Mom telling me off for not "bonding" with you." He said into the phone and touched her cheek lightly. Leaning over as he listened to his big brother, he placed a kiss on her nipples and she involuntarily shuddered. He smiled warmly at her. She gave him a wane smile of her own and continued to smoke her cigarette.

"Yeah, she's not so "anti-sun" anymore." he laughed into the phone making her stick out her tongue at him. She wasn't a big sun lover. She liked the shade in the sun. No special or deep reasons for it either. 

"We'll come get you in say fifteen. Marci's just woken up. Has to shower. I'll hurry her up." He rang off with a chuckle.

"Drew huh?" she said in what she hopped was a flippant voice.

"Yeah," he answered lazily stumping out his cigarette on the bedside ashtray, "he's coming with us. You guys can catch up some more on the way. I know how much you got along back then. Did you get over your crush on him?" he asked

Marci once again thanked the gods, whoever they were, for making her dark skinned. She'd have blanched at the question. As it were, she took in a puff of the cigarette and used the time to compose herself a little.

"I was a teenager. I've grown up since Nate."

"Good. I'd hate to fight him for you." He answered giving her serious look and kissing her hard as he ushered her into the bathroom. 

"Violence is not the answer." She sang out to him as she entered the bathroom. 

Before she got in however, her phone also rang. She grabbed a towel and went to answer it. If it was her parents, she might as well tell them she wasn't going to make it for late lunch with them. It wasn't either of her parents.

"Hey Gorgeous......reassuring Nate?" Drew drawled down the line. For the umpteenth time that morning, her nerves were once again raw and on edge.

"Uhm....hi, how are you doing?" she asked casting a glance at Nathan who was leaning against the bathroom door, naked and waiting for her. She smiled apologetically at him.

"Ecstatic, what do you think?" he hissed down the line.

"You sound pissed." She said needlessly still looking at Nathan who was gesturing to inquire who it was.

"Mila" she told him forgetting to place her hand on the mouth piece. Satisfied, Nathan went into the bathroom and turned on the shower.

"Marci, Marci, Marci, what a tangled web.......see you in bit. This should be an extremely interesting day out. I'm so glad I took time off!" he said and rang off.

Marci replaced the phone and walked into the bathroom. Nathan had the hot water on but what she needed was a huge splash of preferably ice cold water.