 Sliding open the shower door I step in behind you, looking over your shoulder you see my naked body, standing, exposed. Narrowing the distance between us for each inch seems like a mile, I place my arms around you, hands firm against your chest. I start to kiss your shoulders, working my way across them my lips caress your wet skin as the heat from my mouth evaporates the tiny water droplets that refuse to run off your body. My hands start to glide over your chest, moving to a rhythm all their own, gently raking fingers through the hair, teasing your nipples as they pass by. They start their slow journey down toward your swelling penis, pausing every few inches to scrape a fingernail along your skin. My fingers reach their goal and slide along the length of your shaft, lightly caressing it as it grows in my hand. My grip tightening as it nears the base only to loosen so the tips of my nails just graze the sensitive head. 

I continue to kiss your back as my other hand cups your balls, squeezing gently causing you to moan. Without removing one hand, I slip around you to stand under the stream of water, tilting my head back enjoying the feel of the heat against my skin. You lower your head and start to kiss my neck, soft kisses, just long enough to heat the flesh below your lips before moving on to another spot, while your hands reach up to take possession of my breasts. The sensation of your hands running over my flesh is enough to let a gasp escape from my lips. I reach up to knot my hands in your hair, guiding your head lower so that I can feel your lips on my breasts as well. Your tongue darts in and out of your mouth teasing my nipples sending waves of desire through my body.

I want you, I need you...

Turning me around you gently push me up against the tiled wall forcing my hard nipples to touch the cool stone. You kiss the back of my neck as you raise my arms to lay my hands flat against the wall. Gliding your own hands down along my back you ask if I am ready for the pleasure you are about to instill on my body, I don't trust myself to speak; for I know what you can do to my body and many times it's more than I can take, so I just nod instead. You press your body against mine and I feel your penis hard against my back, your hand slides over my ass, round my hips and slips between my legs. Parting my shaved lips, your fingers journey to your treasure, my pearl. I let out a gasp at the first touch. You start to slowly caress it, gently pinching it between your thumb and finger, and as my breathing becomes more shallow your fingers become more insistent. 

Instinctively I reach out to grab onto something, anything, but I have nothing to hold onto as my legs start to tremble, betraying my lust. You increase your rhythmic plucking, playing me like a well-loved guitar, and my moans sing along to a song all our own. You whisper something in my ear but I am unable to hear you for the blood pumping through my body is as loud as an African drum. 

Turning me to face you once again, you lean me back against the wall and drop to your knees in front of me. In a daze I let my hands rest on your head to steady my self as you part my legs and start your oral possession of my most sensitive spot. The heat from your lips burns my bare flesh sending my desire soaring like adding another piece of dry wood to an already out of control bonfire. Your tongue, your magical, mystical, amazing tongue flicks out and caresses my swollen clit. I shudder involuntarily and your strong hands firmly grip my hips shifting my body ever so slightly to give yourself the ultimate view. 

My fingers curl in your hair as you suck my clit into your mouth, gently rolling it between your teeth. I almost stop breathing now for fear of this sensation escaping when I exhale. You slid your hands behind me, cupping my ass, and pull me closer while your tongue darts in and out of me, deeper and deeper with each flick. I grind against our face ,willing you in me deeper, wanting you in me deeper.

Now...

I pull back on your hair forcing you to stop, regretting it the moment your lips leave my flesh. Looking down at you through glazed eyes I smile at the sight of my juices glistening on your chin. Standing up you go to let the water wash over your face but I stop you. I cup your face in my hands and pull you down to me, our lips meet in a soft kiss, my tongue darts out to lick yours and the taste of my nectar on your lips sends a wild rush of desire through my entire body. My tongue becomes more insistent trying to extract every ounce of myself from your mouth. Our tongues meet in a duel, sparring with each other, one gaining ground while the other is forced back, only to reverse positions a moment later. We break away from the kiss, both of us gasping for breath. My hands come to rest on your chest, feeling your heart pounding against them, knowing mine almost beats to the same unsteady rhythm.

You lean me back up against the tiles and as the water flows over or bodies your hand slides down over my hips, along my thigh, to pull my leg up against yours. My hand eases down between us to grab your thick shaft and guide it to the opening of my aching sex. You slowly slide your penis in me, impaling me on your shaft. One hand reaches around my back to pull me closer as your other one braces yourself against the wall above my shoulder. I reach up to grab on to you, balancing myself on the toes of one foot as you start to thrust your hips driving yourself deeper only to pull back just leaving the tip of your head within me. I lean my head to the side as you lower yours to kiss my shoulder. I whisper your name while I still have breath to do it as you guide your mouth up the side of my neck, letting your tongue flick out to lick the water dripping down my skin. 

We move as one as you move inside me, our wild rocking like a primal dance. I hold you tighter, trying to force your body into mine so that we may become one, one body, one mind, one soul, sharing the same passion. Your lips travel up my neck to kiss me once more. Your hand against my back, fingers spread, holding me closer as we come closer to climax. Our only goal at this point is to come as one. I reach down between us to rub my clit in time with your thrusts, the sensation of you inside me and my own hand on me sends tiny lightning bolts through my entire body. As my fingers play with myself they lightly brush against your throbbing member increasing both our pleasure. 

My breathing quickens and my legs start to quake as I near my high, you take note and quicken your pace. Laying my head on your shoulder, lips pressed along your neck, hands tangled in your hair, I come, and as I tighten with convulsions you are unable to hold on and spend yourself within me. The feeling of your seed spilling in me enhances my climax and I let out a long deep moan. 

I lean against the wall and hold you close. We stand there under the water, not moving for what seems like an eternity, but in actuality only a few moments, until we are able to catch our breath. You pull out of me and before turning away you place a kiss on my forehead, letting your lips linger for a few seconds. You leave me alone in the shower, I stand under stream and let the water cool my burning flesh. When I am ready I turn off the water and slide open the shower door. Looking up I smile, I see you standing there, dripping wet, holding out a towel for me.