 Drew and Katie had been dating since the summer before her junior year in college. Both had a tendency toward over achievement in school, and this was the first long term relationship for either. Katie had long red hair and a short, curvy frame. Drew was very thin, and slightly taller than average. He was always a fan of a simple t-shirt with the name of an obscure band paired with some grotesquely over sized headphones, and she of the ankle-length skirt and sweaters or sweatshirts. He had graduated by now, and her own college career would be over in another month. They were together for a long time. There were fireworks at first, and the relationship was quickly approaching its 3rd anniversary. However, their interest in each other was waning, and frankly they only stayed together because each was too scared of being lonely and the childish hope that an anniversary would suddenly revitalize their interest.

While Katie continued with college, Drew had entered the working world and had an entry-level position punching numbers into a computer for a Fortune 500. He was living at home again and although the drive wasn't long, they didn't see each other as much. He did end up seeing a lot of his new coworkers though, including Tori. Tori was a secretary, and seeing as the only way he could see their boss in person was to talk to her first, the two became friends. She had a similar build to Katie, though a bit thinner and her hair was dark and worn short with highlights, put up in an artsy random arrangement. She was more outgoing than Katie, and although she was ambitious, it didn't keep her from having fun. They had very little in common: a shared attraction to Drew's shaggy hair and thin frame; an intangible "cuteness"; and a place in Drew's fantasies.

Of course, Drew didn't believe that Tori was interested in him, and since he had a girlfriend, he didn't consider dating her to be an option, although it must have been somewhere in his subconscious because he never mentioned Katie. In the meantime, two of them became good friends and as they moved from awkward small talk to deep conversation and real trust, the awkward geek in him was slowly killed and replaced by a functional human being. *** Needless to say, Drew's heart skipped a beat when Tori asked him during the lunch break chit-chat, "So are you doing anything tonight?" Drew was just thinking that because of Katie he had no choice to turn down a dinner with his secret crush when she continued, "I mean, I was asking because a bunch of us are going out for some drinks. It's just a group thing."

"Oh..uh, in that case I can go. I mean, I'd love to go. Not that...it's just I was thinking..."

"Don't worry babe, I'll have you back in one piece. But as long as you don't have plans, we'd all love it if you could come."

Drew responded, "Oh, it would be nice to finally get out a little. Lately, things have gotten kind of boring." Without speaking aloud, he continued unfairly, "it can get boring when you're always fighting with your bitchy girlfriend". Certainly, the relationship wasn't working, but they deserved equal blame.

"Awww, what's wrong?"she asked sincerely. She didn't get an answer. *** The coworkers sauntered into Jimmy's Pub, and Steve, a slightly overweight man with a little bit of muscle definition and dirty blond short hair, ordered a beer for everyone. All told, the group consisted of Rosa, a cute twenty-six year old of Hispanic descent with very large breasts and Jake, a barely older dark-haired, buzz-cut, male complete with six pack who was dating Rosa. They had been dating for some time and were hanging on each other when they walked in. Once Steve returned with the beer, they started things off with some casual office gossip. Eventually, Drew found out that the group first started coming here as a double date destination when Steve and Tina were going out. As their inhibitions faded, the group fell to story telling. Apparently, Steve had once walked in to the storage closet to find Rosa on top of Jake with her skirt hiked up. Rosa's rebuttal story was about the time that they saw a movie together and Tina, while returning to her seat tried to sneak up and lick the back of Steve's neck—only to find out that he had switched seats with Jake. "Don't you smile," Rosa said, and slapped Jake. Jake kissed her. 

As fun as it was to listen, Drew definitely felt out of place in the group; he couldn't really contribute. Tina must have heard him, because she inquired, "so what about you babe? Let's hear your deepest, darkest secrets."

"Yeah, we haven't heard anything from the new boyfriend yet," Rosa teased. Caught off guard, all Drew did was blush.

Tina defended his honor saying, "don't be mean to our new friend, you'll scare him away and he won't come back."

"I don't really have any good stories," he began, but after receiving disapproving glances he tried again, "I guess there is one. A few years ago, my girlfriend and I were in class, sitting apart from each other and we each sneaked out to mess around together."

"And...," Rosa said. She was only being playful, but clearly his audience was unimpressed.

"And....we met up and started making out, and then we find a quiet hallway and start going at it a little more. That's when the professor from the class walks out the back door of the lecture hall just a yard away from us."

Tina was shocked, Drew almost apologized, but then she said, "Wow...that is a lot more strange than I expected. You'll fit in just fine with us."

Rosa and Jake were still holding hands, but at some point their hands had slipped stealthily off the table and into his lap. Quite suddenly, Jake interrupted, "Sorry guys, but we better take off we're both feeling a little tired." The abruptness wasn't lost on their companions who saw the young couple leave each with a hand in the other's pocket.

As the couple left, Tina commented, "that wasn't too obvious. Pretty soon they'll just start fucking each other on the table right in front of us."

"I thought Steve pretty much proved that they were already past the point of fucking in front of you guys," Drew interjected.

"Nah, Steve was probably just trying to catch a glimpse of Rosa's tits. He would never go into the storage room himself just because he needed something.

"Hey, if you guys are just going to make fun of me all night, I'm leaving. Besides I have to get some sleep tonight. Oh and by the way, I was NOT trying to sneak a peek at her tits—but they were certainly worth it." With that, he walked out and Drew and Tina were alone together at the table. The rest of the bar was still somewhat crowded, but not in their corner.

Drew was the first to break the long silence, saying "Well considering all the teasing I received my story was more embarrassing then yours. I think that's kind of unfair, maybe you should tell another."

She mockingly imitated his stammering and mumbling, "...well...I...uh don't really have any."

Regardless of rather it was because of the last argument he had with Katie, or because Tina was so hot when her hair fell across her face, or because of all the alcohol they had that night, Drew said, "well do you care to make some new stories tonight?" Neither one of them was sure if he was joking or not.

"Sure." She reached down in between his legs, feeling around for his penis. She found it, and was pleased that it was already pretty firm. She squeezed the head with her finger tips through his pants, and then used her nails to scratch underneath it. She then scratched down the length of his cock, and in the trimmed hair at its base. Drew was already shuddering with enjoyment. "So what do you think?"

Drew glanced around at the other customers in the bar. He was about to say no, but he couldn't find the strength, he only moaned approvingly. With that, Tina unzipped his pants and reached in to grab the hard cock. She moaned, "wow, it's big." Although Drew wasn't huge he was above average, and he definitely enjoyed hearing that. Drew squirmed in his seat as she started rubbing his cock with a couple of finger tips. She licked her hand to moisten it and then reached down and grabbed the swollen head of his member and slowly began to stroke. With her other hand she scratched and teased his inner thighs. As she sped up her work on his cock, his breathing turn ragged.

Suddenly, Drew became aware that he had been lost in the pleasure. He was sure that someone would notice if they kept this up much longer. Everywhere he felt eyes on him. "Someone...might notice...better...stop," he whispered.

"Oh I will eventually, when I'm done." She put her leg in between his, over his lap and again increased the rate of her pleasureful assault. Drew made a half-hearted effort to pull away, only to think better of it. He slowly thrust in and out of Tori's hand. Clearly, much of the bar knew what was happening as he saw more and more eyes turned his way. His inhibitions faded away and he started to enjoy the attention. After all, he was quite proud of Tori's enthusiasm.

As Drew felt the orgasm build, he stopped his thrusting and whispered, "Fuck...I'm close...we better stop." Again Tori somehow tightened her grip and sped her stroking. She moved closer to him, rubbing against his lap. "Oh, fuck..." Drew exclaimed, and then a wave of fear passed through him before he throw his head back in ecstasy and parted with his load.

Tori smiled and whispered in artificially throaty voice, "all finished." Then she discretely removed her hand and licked it clean. Her smile grow exponentially as she saw a moist spot appear on Drew's pants. Drew was dumbfounded, and would have sat there staring into space had Tori not said, "so since it's so late, maybe you should walk me home."

"Afraid someone will take advantage of you sexually?"

"Actually, I'm hoping for it," she responded. With that, they walked out. Tori once again flashed that evil grin that had been so prevalent that night when she said, "well, I guess we out PDA'ed Rosa and Jake today. You know, you're a bad influence on me."

As Drew sobered up a little and calmed down sexually, he started to notice just how easy it is to talk to Tori, and that she brought out his adventurous side. Still caught up in the moment, he was able to ignore that there would be consequences for cheating and just appreciate the great repartee between the two of them, and how they were seemingly perfect for each other. "Yeah, I'm the bad influence, huh? If that's the case, then why is my underwear soaked?"

She laughed hysterically. "First, if that's the criteria, then my underwear is surely as wet as yours by now. Besides, I suggest that you stop trying to imply that I'm slutty for getting you off, otherwise it might not happen again."

"Ah, but there's nothing wrong with being slutty, as long as you're my slut. I intend to make my slut very happy." Tori hit him, but her eyes twinkled with a genuine smile. He pushed her lightly against the wall and tickled under her arms. She slipped by and ran around the corner while he chased her, both giggling hysterically. 

He knew he could catch her but as he rounded the corner and took a few steps, but stopped when he didn't see her anyway. As he staggered forward confused, he felt two hands go over his eyes. He heard Tori whisper, "your slut's apartment is back here." With that, she pulled him into a doorway. She unlocked the door, and the two lovers raced to the elevator and then into her tiny, studio apartment. 

Drew immediately threw her on to her bed, and pulled down the long skirt and tiny panties. He examined the thong underwear to find that it indeed was very wet. He smiled as he tossed the underwear away, and then began teasing the very edges of her slit with his finger. With that he kissed her slightly toned abs, and then her side, then right on her belly button. "Stop," she ordered and he did, "take your shirt off first." As he pulled it over his head, he revealed tone abs and surprising large muscles. She moaned approvingly, and started playing with his upper body with her finger nails. After that he became still more aggressive as he started to kiss the inside of her thighs.

As he worked, he glanced over at his objective. Her pussy was wet and glistening. He noticed that the surrounding flesh was smooth and so creamy that he could barely look away. The hair was neatly trimmed and shaved into a little feminine strip above her pubic bone further drawing attention to the irresistible, humid orifice. His cock bulged in his pants, and she noticed, but he ignored it. He grabbed her by each of her appealing hips. Raw desire rushed through their veins. Drew eased his head in between her legs and began licking all around her sex. From there, he began probing the outer portion of her pussy, inserting his tongue. Tori moaned hungrily. Drew turned his attention to her already engorged clitoris. As he licked, Tori twisted and squirmed below him with pleasure. He tightened his grip on her thighs only making her even more turned on with the sensation of being overpowered. He continued his relentless attack on her, moving his tongue over the organ rapidly.

His clit-licking had no predictability, each flick of his tongue was a pleasant surprise to Tori. She thought to herself that she never expected Drew to be so good at this. "Oooh, Drew...oh..god yes," Tori murmured. Drew flattened out his tongue to lick the entire clit a couple of times and then returned to his surgical stimulation using the tip of his tongue to address her microscopic nerves almost one at a time, rapidly yet precisely. As he continued, he inserted his middle finger into her warm pussy. Imagining his cock in that warm niche, drove him wild with desire.

As Tori felt the pleasure building up inside of her, she pulled Drew down on to the bed and then held her pussy over his face so he could continue. While he went to town on her, she unzipped his khaki pants and eventually managed to pull out his rock hard, very large cock. As she knelt with her wet cooch resting on his mouth, she took him in her mouth. She licked around his cock, and then inserted it almost completely through her mouth and into her throat. She went back and forth between this and holding the tip in her mouth and ravaging it with her tongue. She swirled and pulled it.

Drew, still with his mouth all over her clit began sucking on it now and reinserted his finger. Dragging the fingertip across the warm wet wall of her pussy, he made her shudder with pleasure with a lengthy come-hither motion.

She responded by dragging his cock lightly across her teeth, feeling him moan with approval as the vibrations washed over her own clit. As the lovers continued their passionate display, each felt a wave of pleasure washing over their heart, through their limbs and finally crashing down on their respective genitalia. Tori was compelled to scream out as the climax came. The moment she opened her mouth, orgasm came to Drew as well, spraying his cum on to her face and his crotch. She collapsed onto Drew, and he gave her wet slit one light kiss. 

The two would fall asleep spooning.