 This is an old story which I just found while clearing my floppy discs. Although I can remember what inspired it, it didn't come out as well as I had hoped but still, may as well add it to the other stories! Perhaps feed back will help me improve it  ;o)

They hadn’t been able to find a second to be alone this whole weekend and as it was now early Sunday evening there was little time left! This conference had seemed a good opportunity to finally see if the attraction that had been building up between them over months of casual banter and flirting in the office was going to go anywhere. When they had met up on Friday night in the hotel bar they had been surrounded by people the whole time and had both managed to chat fairly easily as part of the group, but it had become increasingly difficult for her to behave like a casual work colleague and by this morning she had been finding it difficult to talk at all, as everything she wanted to say…or more precisely do…could not to be shared in company!! 

They had just dropped off a couple of people at the station for the early trains back home and were at last alone in the car. Driving along the almost deserted roads over the moor towards the small village pub where they were meeting yet more people for dinner, they were finding it hard to break the silence with other than basic pleasantries. She had only asked to come along when she had overheard him offer to drop the others off at the local BR line because she knew that on the way back they would have a little time to themselves. Now they murmured politely to each other about the beauty of the landscape and the wonderful light as dusk began to fall over the distant hills, while she wondered if his mind was filled with the same thoughts and images as hers…. and whether he was reacting to her closeness as strongly as she was reacting to his!

She glanced over at him as he manoeuvred the car around some tricky bends, his left hand changing the gears, the fingers of his right resting on the top of the steering wheel as he guided the car along the empty road…. and imagined for the millionth time what they would feel like on her body. Feeling his eyes on her she glanced up at his face and in the few seconds before he looked back at the road ahead, she saw with relief and delight that he was very much aware of her nearness! 

Turning forward again she bit back a smile and pausing for a few moments she sighed dramatically before uncrossing her legs and spreading her knees slightly. Taking hold of the hem of the skirt of her short blue summer dress with one hand she began to waft it up and down to create a breeze, perfectly aware that she was exposing her upper thighs as she did so. Stretching out in her seat a little she kicked her shoes off and rubbed her throat and chest with her left hand, pushing it into the low rounded neck line of her dress and easing it down to expose more of her breasts, "it's so hot today…" she sighed, lowering her eyelashes and casting a quick side long look in his direction. 

He was watching the road ahead but he was smiling slightly and she knew he had noticed her actions…..and knew what she was doing! Suddenly they were both laughing and the awkwardness was finally banished as if a bubble had been burst. It now seemed so natural for her to slide her right hand onto his knee, digging her nails into his flesh gently as she breathed, "pull over somewhere!!" 

He flicked his eyes up to the rear view mirror, " …can't! Someone's behind us and the road is too narrow here anyway…… it'll widen up in a few miles". She felt the car surge forward as he pressed down on the accelerator a little, eager to reach somewhere they could stop. 

She released the seat belt and lowered her seat back a bit so that she had a little room to move before raising one hand to the buttons on her dress, undoing them slowly one at a time, stroking her skin as she did so. Her right hand pulled her skirt up higher and she spread her legs, lifting her left foot to place it on the dashboard, exposing her inner thighs. He was glancing back and forth between her and the road ahead, trying to keep his concentration on the driving and on finding somewhere they could pull over, but also wanting to watch her. She smiled over at him, "don’t mind me babe, pay attention to the road...I'm just making mysef comfy." 

As she spoke she was pulling her dress open to reveal her lacy, strapless bra and she let her fingers trace along the top of the fabric as she cupped her breasts with both hands and pushed them together, squeezing them upwards hard so that the nipples popped up over the edge of the lace and she could rub her thumbs over them for a few moments before unhooking the front fastenings and pulling the bra around her body and out of her dress, tossing it into the back seat. Her dress fell off her shoulders and down to her elbows leaving her upper body nearly bare. She shook the loose strands of hair that had escaped her clips away from her neck as she brought her hands back to her breasts, pinching her nipples tightly, then stroking them softly as she closed her eyes and stretched out in her seat. 

She sighed again as she dropped her left hand between her legs, trailing her fingers over her inner thighs and pulling her skirt up above her hips so he could see her run her palm over her damp panties, back and forth, feeling the ache start deep within her as she turned her head to look at him while he drove. He was concentrating on pushing the car around the country lanes, his gaze torn between her and scanning the road ahead for somewhere safe to pull over. 

She closed her eyes again, suddenly her body was trembling, wanting his hands, his mouth, needing him to touch her….or to touch him. Reaching out she ran her right hand up and over his thigh and into his crotch, feeling the outline of his cock under her fingers and pushing her hand down between his thighs to squeeze his balls. She stroked her hand over him in time with her own movements over the damp fabric covering her crotch. She wriggled further forward in her seat and waited until he glanced over at her again before she pushed two fingers beneath the lacy edge of her panties and between her smooth shaven lips to circle the entrance to her soaking pussy.

He watched them moving under the thin material as she teased herself, imagining his hands on her, his mouth, his cock inside her. She groaned and her right hand squeezed him almost painfully as she arched up out of her seat, panting as the need built inside her. She felt his fingers cover hers on the outside of her panties, stroking at her, feeling her movements. He kept withdrawing his hand to change gears on the winding and hilly country roads, then touching her again…… now on her panties, now on her thighs, now squeezing her breast and stroking down her chest and tummy. His hand felt strong and warm on her skin and was making her moan even more, she opened her eyes to see the road ahead….it was still narrow and shouldered by hedges…no where to stop! 

She pulled her fingers out of her panties, moving her hand from his crotch and twisting around to kneel up on her right knee in her seat facing him. Putting her left foot down on the floor to brace herself she raised her slippery fingers to brush them over his lips. He immediately opened his mouth and sucked on her fingertips as she reached over to kiss him, licking and biting gently at his lips and chin, his ear and neck, careful to keep out of his line of vision so he could still see the road. Suddenly she leaned forward and dropped her head into his lap, pushing her face as close to him as she could get, feeling the heat from his body and his hardening cock against her mouth and cheek. There was barely enough room for her between him and the steering wheel and she was leaning heavily across his left arm and hand as it rested on the gear stick. Taking a deep breath she opened her mouth wide over where she felt the head of his cock to be and moulding her lips to the now straining fabric of his jeans she breathed long and hard onto him, knowing he could feel the delicious warmth seeping through the denim. He inhaled loudly, " For Gods sake babe, I can’t drive with you doing that!! Wait a sec…the road’s getting broader!" 

She laughed and mumbled repentant noises but continued to kiss and bite at his cock and balls through his jeans. Her right arm was holding onto the back of his seat to keep her steady and she brought her left hand round from where it rested on his knee and pushed her fingers back into her panties to rub gently over her clit. The motion of the car, the scent of him, the heat from his body and her fingers were making her desperate for him and she was just considering unzipping his jeans so she could take him in her mouth when the car slowed and came to an abrupt halt. He clicked off the ignition and she heard him sigh as he relaxed back in his seat, pulling his left hand out from under her body and sliding it down her back to cup her ass, his right about to wind a handful of her hair around his fingers. Quickly she raised herself up, shaking free of his hands, and pushing open the car door she stepped out into the warm silence and the evening breeze, laughing as he moaned sharply at her sudden exit. 

They had stopped in a lay by that appeared to be at one of the highest points on the moor, the landscape rolled away from them in all directions, bathed in a warm golden glow as the sun dropped ever lower behind the far hills. The car that had been behind them for the last several miles zipped past and was soon disappearing into the distance, leaving them alone. He opened his own door and followed her out, sighing in mock annoyance. He knew from their MSN sessions that she loved to wind him up to a point where he was starting to loose patience...and then draw it out just a bit longer still…..Obviously it was going to be the same in RL! Not that he minded really, he knew she wanted him just as much as he wanted her, but she just couldn’t resist delaying the pleasure a little for them both and besides, she wasn’t 200 miles away now …she could only tease as long as he let her!! 

He grinned to himself as he moved around the car towards her, she was standing in the middle of the road, breathing in the scented air and she turned to face him. Her hair, which had been loosely pinned up, was beginning to fall down around her neck. She was barefoot, her thin linen dress barely skimming her knees, the top half still wide open, hanging low on her arms, her breasts bare, the erect nipples flushed dark red. She smiled at him, as he stood by the car, wanting to touch him, wanting to pull his shirt out of his waistband and push her hands under it, over his smooth chest, feeling the warmth of his skin.....but mostly she wanted to kiss him. 

She crossed the few feet between them and moved into his embrace, winding her arms up and around his neck, touching her lips to his. He slid his hands over her back and bottom, caressing her gently and pulling her tight against his body as they opened their mouths and thrust their tongues hungrily into each other. Tasting, rubbing, circling, wanting to get as far inside as possible, both of them unwilling to break the kiss, both of them prolonging it until they were desperate for breath. She moaned and he tried to pull back to let her get some air but she wouldn’t let him, she held him fast for a few more painful seconds before releasing him and allowing them both to gasp in air. They kept close together and she rubbed her cheek against his, pushing her breasts into his chest, feeling the friction as the sensitive nipples rubbed over his shirt. Dropping her hands to his waist she began to pull at the material, at the buttons, continuing until she had his shirt open and pushed back over his shoulders so she could rub her breasts against his bare chest. He was kissing her neck, his hands brushing the sides of her breasts where she was rubbing them against him, running up and down her spine and kneading her bottom as she slowly pushed him back against the side of the car. Her left hand caressed his cock through his jeans, squeezing him tightly as she kissed him again and again, her tongue darting across his chin and into his ear, her teeth nipping at the flesh of his throat as she moaned and squeezed his balls, telling him in shallow panting breaths how much she wanted him, wanted his cock in her mouth, wanted to taste him! She started to yank at his belt, dragging it undone and reaching for the zip of his jeans as she began to kneel in front of him. He groaned, watching her head start to descend down his body, he was so hard but he wasn't ready to finish this yet and he knew once she got a taste of him she wouldn't want to stop until she had drained him. 

Without warning he grabbed her arms and held her away from him, spinning her around and pushing her against the car. Her breasts pressed almost painfully into the cool glass of the back window and she cried out, more with lust than discomfort, and clutched at the roof of the car as she felt him kneel down in the road. Then he was running his hands up the backs of her thighs and over her ass, pushing her skirt up to her waist as he went. She moaned and pushed her hips back and spread her legs as she felt his teeth sink into her ass cheek. She brought her right hand back to wind her fingers into his hair and hold him close against her. He knew she wanted to feel his mouth, his tongue on her, but it was his turn to tease and he just ran his thumbs under the sides of her panties to pull her cheeks apart and kiss gently along her crease, pushing his mouth against her anus and breathing on her through the lacy fabric until her legs shook and she was whimpering with need. Arching his neck to get as far under her as possible and reach her pussy, he could feel her heat and smell her arousal so strongly as he brushed his mouth across her drenched panties. As she bent over further he could see that she was now so wet they were moulded to her and he could clearly see the outline of her swollen lips though the fabric.

Her fingers flexed in his hair and she thrust his head away from her and turned around, pulling him up to stand in front of her and using her other hand to open the back door of the car she pushed him towards the back seat, "Get in……" 

He climbed into the back seat, scooting into the middle and she waited until he looked up at her before she began to crawl in after him. Kneeling up on the seat next to him she reached behind her and hauled the door shut before turning to smile at him as she raised her arms to pull her hair free of the clips and shake it down. He ran his hand over her breasts and up around her neck to wind into her hair before easing her head down into his lap while he tugged at the zipper of his jeans. She caught his hand and dragged it away from his crotch before he could free himself from his boxers, once again leaning forward and pushing her face against his now rock hard cock as it strained against the fabric. She opened her mouth and moaned, letting him feel the warmth and vibrations as she rubbed her lips and cheeks over him, breathing in his scent. 

Still she made no move to suck him, although her mouth was almost watering in anticipation, but she was feeling playful again and didn't want to end this yet. They'd both be leaving for home soon enough and who knew when they might meet up again, she wanted to enjoy as much of him as possible before they had to part, although she was wondering how much more 'playing' he would let her get away with!! He was groaning, spreading his legs sideways so he could push his hips forward and stretch his body out so she could reach him more easily, his knees were digging into the seats in front as his fingers flexed in her hair. 

Pulling free of his hand she crawled forward and stretched out face down along the back seat to lie across his thighs, leaning on her forearms as she raised her feet up to point her toes at the roof of the car. She wriggled her bottom where it now lay in his lap, shifting about and parting her knees a little as she sighed and enjoyed the feeling of his cock trapped under her body, pressing against her tummy. 

He was chuckling now, running both his hands over her skin where she lay so open in front of him. Her dress was still around her waist and arms and with a little help from her he took a few moments to pull her arms free and haul the crushed blue linen down her body and over her calves and feet. As she settled back she laid her head down on the seat, her arms above her head as she began to tremble at the gentle movements of his hands. His left hand was sliding around her ankle and down her leg to her knee, his right had stroked her hair and was now brushing down her spine, making her shiver. Suddenly impatient she shifted and seemed to be about to get up. He held her still, smiling to himself, it was her turn to be teased! He raised his hand and slapped her hard on her arse saying, "lie still!" 

She inhaled sharply at the impact but then turned her head to give him a sly smile and a mummered, "yes Sir!".... before stretching out across his lap once again. Squeezing her ass cheeks hard, he slid his right hand between her legs, brushing the tips of his fingers lightly over the outside of her utterly drenched panties. He hooked one thumb into them and dragged them down to her thighs, his other hand still gently rubbing and stroking her ass. Then suddenly he pushed his hand roughly between her hot slippery lips and slid two fingers deep inside her pussy, immediately thrusting his wrist hard and fast. She bucked up, gasping and panting as she pushed back against his probing fingers. It felt so good, she was so hot and wet and as he spread his fingers inside her, stretching her walls, she moaned again. Her clit was aching and she wasn't going to last much longer. His fingers, and indeed most of his hand, were dripping from her juices as he moved them around inside her, pumping then in and out of her soaking pussy. Pulling them out he began to circle her arsehole with his middle finger, pressing gently as she started to whimper and then sliding it hard inside her, pushing his thumb into her pussy as he did so. Bringing his fingers together inside her he thrust them back and forth, slow and shallow at first but getting deeper and faster as she relaxed. She cried out again and bucked back harder against his fingers, his hands on her were moving so deliberately, so rhythmically and she was beginning to tremble now, desperate to climax. He knew she was close and as she lifted up onto her elbow to twist around and slide her hand down to her pussy to rub her clit he pulled his fingers out of her and dragged her off his lap, pushing her into a sitting position next to him. 

She was slightly dazed for a few moments and did little but groan in disappointment as she watched him shrug his shirt off. Shaking herself she moved back to him, he was lifting his hips to push his jeans and boxers down and she reached to help him, pulling them down to his knees to release his cock at last. She sighed as he wound his arm around her waist, pulling her close while she ran her hands over his thighs before lacing her fingers together and wrapping both hands around his hot, hard shaft. He was throbbing as she began to stroke him slowly, watching as the movement of her fingers pulled the skin tight over the head and a few drops of pre-cum appeared. "Hmmmmmmm....." she purred deep in her throat, before leaning forward to lick it up, her tongue circling his swollen head a few times before starting to lap at him with little darting movement as her fingers continued to pump him, picking up speed as she got into a rhythm. 

He was breathing loudly, his head lying back on the seat, his eyes closed as he ran his hands over her back and ass and into her hair. She was making little moaning sighs as she licked at him, pausing between swirling her tongue over his cockhead to tell him how she loved feeling his blood pulsing through him, how good his precum tasted, how much she wanted him. He was close and she was desperate to end this but suddenly she needed more, this was their first time together and she wanted him inside her, wanted to be facing him, to get as close to him as she could. 
