 This is my first submission, I hope it makes you hot! I wrote this for a friend who was driving out of state, and was told I should submit it. So this one is for you, Navy Boy, you do always give me just what I need! xo  Thank you very much to my editor Jeffwd02...you are kind, fast and very supportive. 

*

So we had just had a fight. I did something yet again to piss you off, but I didn't care anymore and I was tired of your silent treatment. 

"You know," I said, "This is going to be a very long drive if we aren't speaking to each other," smiling my sweetest smile, reaching over and kissing your cheek. You just gave me that pissed off look and turned the radio up. 

"Okay," I said, "I guess I'll just have to keep myself occupied over here." I started unbuttoning my blouse. "God, it's hot in here, don't you think?" 

Still no comment, but I could tell I had your attention. Looking around, there was very little traffic so I proceeded to pull my bra down and let loose the goods. 

"Mmmmmmm," I said, sticking my finger in my mouth, "That air feels good on my titties."

I took my wet finger and slowly traced my nipples, rewetting my finger over and over until my nipples were nice and wet and hard. Seeing that you were readjusting yourself in your seat, I smiled and started pulling and pinching my nipples, pulling them up one at a time to lick them and squeeze them tight. I took as much of each breast as I could in each hand, but they were just too big and I couldn't get my small hands around them. 

I slid over on the seat and kissed your cheek again, saying, "Baby don't be mad, I'll make it up to you," and started kissing and biting your neck, running my hand up and down your thigh. Running my hand up your leg again, I could feel the one part of you that wasn't mad at me! 

I lightly bit your earlobe and whispered, "Can your penis come out to play?" I wondered if you could drive and get off at the same time. I believe we were about to find out. 

I took my time, kissing your face and ear and neck over and over, gently rubbing your hard cock through your pants. I started unbuttoning your shirt, ducking under your arm to run my tongue up and down your chest, stopping to suck or bite here and there and smelling you...I stopped to whisper in your ear again how much I liked the way you tasted and how you smelled. 

You finally smiled and told me to stop fucking around and get to work. I kissed your lips and told you I had no idea what you were talking about! You said, "If I have to pull this truck over..." But you knew that wouldn't work, since I go out of my way to misbehave and earn spankings from you. 

Now things were getting interesting. I knelt on the seat and stuck my ass in the air, just to give you something to play with, if you liked. I slid my tongue down to the top of your pants, slowly unzipping your pants, stopping at that nice patch of hair, my favorite turn on to see that trail of hair disappear and try to imagine just where it leads to and what it will look like . . . 

Mmmmmmmmmmm. 

I could feel the heat from your cock as it strained to get out of your pants. I slid my hand in and slowly stroked just one finger from the base to the tip. It was so fucking hard it must have hurt, so I slowly pulled it free and gave it a nice kiss right on the tip. 

"Suck me!" You said in your sternest voice, "Right now!"

I tipped my head and looked up at you with my big, innocent eyes and whispered, "Yes sir." 

Licking my lips, I slowly pushed my mouth down your cock, keeping my lips as tight as I could as you disappeared inch by inch, until you hit the back of my throat. Running my tongue around as much as I could reach, I started sucking up and down, tasting your precum on my tongue. Cupping your balls with one hand, I reached back to play with my clit with the other. 

"Take your panties off," you said, and as I sat up to do so, I noticed the truck next to us was keeping pace, the couple inside grinning and watching us. I took my panties off and handed them to you, all wet from my pussy. You put them in your pocket and took my head and pushed me back down in your lap. 

"Stick your ass up in the air," you said, knowing the other truck was going to see my bare ass and my hot, wet pussy lips. I wasn't too sure about that, but I had a job to do and put it out of my mind and got to work. Already dry you were, so I let a big mouthful of hot, wet spit roll down your cock to your balls, catching it with my hand and coating you from top to bottom. 

Slowly at first, but gaining speed, I started stroking you, trying my best not to do it too tightly as I know how tender you are. But I sometimes forget, and I already had my fingers back on my pussy, stroking myself in time with stroking you, damn I'm talented! 

Taking the big head of your dick in my mouth, I started sucking and stroking it, moaning as I jacked you off and jacked myself off too, not even thinking about the show the other truck was getting. You were getting dry again with all the pulling, so I started licking your shaft up and down with my hot, pink, wet tongue, stopping to flick the tip over a few favorite spots, nipping and kissing along the way. 

"Are you okay driving?" I asked, "Maybe we should pull over . . ."

"No, keep going," you said, "I'm fine," and you reached over and started rubbing my ass, moving your fingers closer and closer to my pussy. 

I moved back down and reached for your balls, licking them while I rubbed your cock in my hair, running my hand up and down the length. You were rubbing your fingers between my lips slowly, rubbing them and making them puffy and wet. Pushing a finger inside me, you made me moan and rock back and forth, pussy juice running down my thighs. 

I took as much of your cock as I could down my throat, letting my motions slide you in and out of my throat, cutting off my air, but yum it tasted so good. Pulling back to swirl my tongue around the head and stick my tongue in the hole, I begged you please to pull over because I needed that big, hard cock in my pussy now. 

"Okay," you said, "But I have to find just the right spot, keep sucking until I do." 

Since you were going to give me what I needed, I eagerly went back down, hard to suck with a smile on my face. I spent some time stroking your hard cock, getting it wet and blowing on it, reaching out to run the tip of my tongue along it when I needed a taste, which was quite often. The precum was coming out quickly now, so I spent a lot of time lapping that up, licking the tip over and over until I finally felt you putting on the brakes . . . 

I felt the truck come to a stop and sat up, looking around. I don't know how, but you managed to find a completely private spot off the highway. Our watching friends from the other truck were gone, so I had you all to myself. 

I pulled you out from behind the steering wheel to the passenger seat, as I needed plenty of room to maneuver. I straddled your lap, rubbing my bare, wet pussy up and down your cock, pushing my clit hard against you. I grabbed your face and kissed you, moaning and sucking your tongue deep into my mouth, trying not to cum yet. I closed my eyes and threw my head back, sliding back and forth on your dick, getting wetter and wetter and louder and louder, and you weren't even in me yet! 

You pulled me closer and started rubbing your beard on my neck, soft at first then a bit harder, sucking on my neck and shoulders and giving me goose bumps. 

"Oh fuck yeah," I said, "make me cum!" 

I was just about there, so you started whispering nasty things in my ear, telling me what you were going to do to me, and biting my earlobe and neck and sending me over the edge. I came so hard I almost ripped your shirt, leaving huge dig marks in your shoulders from my nails. 

"Goddamn I love to fuck you!" I said with a grin, "You know exactly what I need!"

Still sliding up and down your hard cock, I had to catch my breath. You kept yourself occupied by playing with my titties, squeezing and licking them. 

"I need some beard," I said, so you proceeded to rub it over and over and around each breast, watching them turn pink from the friction. When I could function again, I lifted myself up high enough to get your ginormous cock in my pussy, sinking down onto it until you were buried all the way with your balls tight on my ass. 

"Ooooooooh," I said, "You fill me up with your big cock baby."

"You like that?" you asked, and I could only nod yes, as I was already busy purring with satisfaction, riding your dick and feeling every inch move in and out. I started riding you slowly, up and down, gripping the seat behind your head so as not to dig you anymore with my nails. I could feel myself getting wetter and wetter the faster I fucked you, sliding as high as I could and then taking every inch into my hot pussy, making sure to rub the whole length on my hard clit, until you were buried deep inside me. I took your face in my hands and kissed you again, sucking your tongue in time to our fucking. 

"Suck me now, baby," I said, "And don't stop until I tell you."

"Yes ma'am," was all you could say before your mouth was full of as much breast as you could take. The harder you sucked the faster and harder I fucked you, pussy juice running down your balls. I reached around to rub them, gently rolling them in my hand. You were doing a great job sucking and biting my nipple, so to reward you, I fed you the other one. 

"I'm going to cum again," I moaned, and you grabbed my ass with both hands and lifted me up and down faster, fucking me as hard as you could while I ground my pussy against you. 

Taking your mouth off of me, I licked your lips with the tip of my tongue and whispered into your mouth, "Cum with me baby, please. I want to feel you shoot load after load of that white hot cum deep into my pussy." Just the thought of it sent me over the edge and I could feel myself holding my breath, clenching every muscle around you until I came, jerking up and down your cock. The spasms were squeezing you until you finally exploded inside me, just like I wanted, and I could feel my pussy milking every last drop from you. 

Totally spent, I just sort of collapsed onto you, BIG shit-eating grin on my face. "There," I said, "Now you can't be mad at me anymore, not after that award-winning fuck!" You just laughed and kissed me and said, "Not mad anymore, but you are still getting a spanking!"