 Gina was trying to keep from screaming. She had one hand over her mouth, and the other was currently buried in the thick hair of the man deeply sucking on her clit.

Her driver's test had started out in a very routine way. A careful, yet surprisingly bumpy, path around the neighborhood, and finally the parallel parking section which was supposed to be taking place in the very back of the empty high school parking lot. Hidden between trees, she was in a huge black Cadillac with the tall and handsome Mr. Brian Cunningham. She giggled at the thought of his last name...since it seemed so close to what he was at this moment doing to her. It hadn't taken long for them to find themselves in their current situation.

After expressing her fear of parallel parking, Brian had been considerate enough to ease her worry by giving her a very sweet kiss on the lips. Strangely, she was so affected by it, that she found herself wanting more. Soon they were making out, and her huge breasts were being fondled and licked by her driving examiner. She had proceeded to do some examining of her own and delighted herself with giving him a very thorough blow job and titty fuck. After swallowing his warm cum, Gina had thought their interlude was coming to an end, however Brian had other plans.

"It's my turn now, Ms. Lanson. I want to show you the secret to parallel parking." 

Brian had laid Gina down on the long bench seat next to him and was leaning over her firm, and curvy body. He gave her big tits another squeeze and long lick before bringing his head down between her legs. He had lifted one foot onto the back of the seat, and placed the other on the dashboard. There was so plenty of room in a Caddy, after all.

Separating the light fuzz she had covering her mound, he used his two fingers to help him find her lovely pink clit. He lifted his eyes and watched her as he took the nub between his lips and darted his tongue over again and again. Gina bucked and let out a small squeal as he gently bit down. 

"Uhh..." she said shakily "I don't think I can take this. I've never really had a guy go down on me before. I'm pretty sensitive and ticklish."

Brian smiled, his head still buried in her pussy, and in a muffled voice said "It's alright Gina. You'll like this." He then proceeded to lick her pussy lips from bottom to top. Tasting her sweet juice on his tongue, lapping it up. He brought his other hand up and using a finger, gently pushed into her pussy. He continued licking her clit as he added another finger, and then a third. After a few pumps of his hand, he replaced his fingers with his tongue. He loved the way a woman tasted and smelled. Hot and thick, sweet like honey....it was a man's ambrosia. Fucking her with his mouth, he could hear Gina moaning. Moving up, Brian used the big part of his tongue to rub that hot pink button, circling it...then using the tip, flicked the nub. Hard and gentle, he alternated before affixing his mouth to her clit and hood, and let his tongue go crazy. Several moments and licks later, Gina had one hand in his hair and was grinding her hips upward...soaking his face with her juice. It aroused him even more to know that he was doing something to her that no one else had ever done. 

Her breathing strained, Gina rasped "I'm going to cum. I'm going to cum....I'm so close. Please don't... don't stop!"

She slapped both of her hands onto his head and with a scream arched her hips and pushed his head closer to her pussy as he furiously sucked and licked until a hot gush of fluid coated his chin. He licked and stroked her, while she was left shuddering.

Brian crawled up her body, kissing her stomach, and then lavishing her breasts with his tongue, much as he had her clit. Flicking and sucking, he soon had Gina awake to her lust again. She moaned and yanked his head up to her lips. Kissing deeply, she tasted her own sweetness on his mouth. It was arousing to know that she had allowed this perfect stranger to do things to her that no one else had ever done.

"Brian, I want you inside of me." Gina said against his mouth. 

"Well, I kind of was a few minutes ago." He said with a laugh.

"No, I mean I want this," reaching down she took his big cock in her hand, "inside of me."

He sat up and brought her with him until she was once again straddling his hips. "I think I can accommodate you. But first I want to ask you something. What did you learn about parallel parking?"

Gina shrugged, "To be honest, I really wasn't listening, so if you said something I missed it. I'm sorry. I was too busy feeling what you were doing to me, plus trying not freak out. Watching you enjoy yourself with my pussy was enthralling. I couldn't look away."

Brian smiled and leaned forward to kiss her gently. "Then you learned the secret to parallel parking. Don't freak out, and never take your eyes off the goal."

He lifted her then, and brought her down hard on his thick cock. She gasped in surprise as her pussy was stretched and filled with heat. So deeply was he inside of her that it bordered on pain. A delicious pain that made her push up with her legs and fall back onto him again, with a thump. It was Brian's turn to gasp. She was so tight and wet. The walls of her pussy were squeezing him and he wanted this moment to last forever.

"Oh God! You are so freaking...big." she said between clenched teeth, "This has to be a dream."

"Let's make it a wet dream." He grinned, and grabbing her sides, brought her double D tits to his mouth and suckled deeply. Head thrown back, Gina put her hands on his shoulders, and started to ride.

Up and down she went, her hips undulating, as she would lift up... the head of his cock brushing her pussy...then she lowered herself down slowly until he was once again buried deep. As Gina set the pace of their coupling, he was like a starved animal at her breasts, sucking and licking, tongue and lips hard at work. Brian let his hands roam until they rested on her big, warm ass. He squeezed the cheeks as she lifted and arched her back, and as she brought her breasts close to his mouth again, he nipped the edge with his teeth. She gave a scream which caused her pussy to clench on his cock. Delighted to find that she enjoyed biting, he proceed to bring her neck down towards his mouth. Licking her pulse point he waited until she was dropping down onto his thick shaft again, and gave her a hard bite. Not enough to draw blood, but enough to leave a mark, Gina's hips shot up and came down hard onto him again as she began to furiously pump her pussy onto his throbbing cock. Using her ponytail, he jerked her head to the side and bit down again, this time on her shoulder. Gina shuddered and began to grind her hips in circles as she kept pace with his hips. Hands stroking down her shoulders, and back, he once again found her ass. Lifting and squeezing, pumping his cock into her dripping pussy, he leaned back and watched as she lifted hands to her breasts and pushed the mounds together, kneading and pinching. His heavy cock was throbbing and he could feel his balls tightening up for orgasm. Since he was so close, Brian decided to make sure Gina was going to finish right along with him. He grabbed her hands away from her breasts and pulled them behind her back. Holding her that way caused her breasts to push forward, and as he hammered into her pussy, he latched on to her right breast...sucked as much into his mouth as he could....and when the walls of her sheath started to tighten....Brian clamped down, hard. 

Gina screamed. Her mind went numb, her body on fire. She could feel her pussy spasm as it milked the cum out of Brian's huge dick. Warm liquid gushed, and she felt a soothing sensation as she was utterly and completely filled. She gave one last shudder as Brian's cock twitched inside of her...still big, but softer. He lay back with a sigh and pulled her towards him, cuddling her against his chest as he kissed the top of her head.

"Wow."

"Yeah, wow." She laughed "I guess I still have to give parallel parking a try, huh?"

They both jerked in surprise as a knock sounded on the window. Turning to the side, their eyes met the mirrored sunglasses of a deputy, who at the moment was staring with interest at the two of them, entwined with each other, Brian's cock still buried in Gina's dripping pussy.....

To be continued......