 A fictional tale of a desperate husband trying to rekindle his marriage with his abusive cheating wife. They have a vacation in Paris, but their car breaks down. They seek help at a mansion. However, there is something off about the residents.

My first attempt at experimenting with detailed description of environment and erotic horror. Love it or hate it. In any case, Happy Halloween everyone!

***

 Introduction 

"Congratulations Mr. Clark! You've just won a trip for two at the Beau Cygne!"

The crowd cheered wildly as Mark Clark won his prize on a game show, the Spin of Fortune. He never expected such a turn of events. One moment, he was reluctant to even attend, the next, he was the one who was on top. He came out winning the grand prize: a trip for two at the Beau Cygne, a beautiful hotel in Paris. He could not wait to use that for his vacation. He would take his wife Cindy and they would spend some quality time together.

'Geez, I wonder what Cindy's thinking right now.' Mark looked for his wife, but she was not in the crowd. It was quite peculiar. He just did a mental shrug and said to himself, 'She must be in the bathroom or something.'

As Mark and the audience celebrated his victory on camera, Cindy was off with a show manager in a back room that read 'EMPLOYEES ONLY'. She moaned,

"Oh yeah! Give it to me!"

Cindy clung to the manager as he fucked her without a condom. He forced his cock up her wet pussy as much as he could. She checked the time and exclaimed,

"Oh my God! It's probably already over!"

"Hey beautiful, there's no need to rush. Don't you like this?"

"I do, it's just that I don't want my husband to get suspicious."

"Don't worry about it, I'm almost there. Also, you were pretty good. I'll give you a spot on T.V."

"Really?! Thank you!"

'Hehe, I knew if I gave him a little pussy, he'd give me a spot.' Cindy snickered in her head.

The manager continued to pump away at Cindy. His cock slid in, hitting her G-spot, then out. He repeated this pattern until he reached his peak. His cock could not last any longer.

"Oh baby, here it comes!"

"Shoot your fucking cum up my wet cunt you motherfucker!"

This sent the manager over the edge and he spurted his load inside Cindy's wet pussy. Cindy tensed her pussy, squeezing his cock. The manager pulled out and some of his cum leaked onto the floor. Cindy pushed and it all gushed out. She tried to empty her pussy as best as she could.

Once Cindy and the manager got dressed, she quickly left to go see who won the game show. She was rejoiced to find that it was her husband. Mark spotted her and quickly ran towards her to lift her. Mark could not wait to spend some time with Cindy, but Cindy could not wait for other things...

Mark and Cindy were driving home, both excited for the trip. Mark smiled as he drove and said to his wife,

"Honey, I can't wait until we get there. We'll..."

As his sentence faded out, he let his hands do the rest. He reached for Cindy's skirt and tried to rub his finger on her pussy. Cindy tried to avoid his hand and said,

"Hey you, keep your eyes on the road and both hands on the steering wheel."

"Oooh aaalright." he said as he smiled at her reaction.

He took it as Cindy's cute way of resisting. Playing hard to get. However, Cindy refused because of the cum inside her pussy. She had let that manager cum inside her without a condom. She did not want Mark sticking a finger inside and then putting it in his mouth. He would know that she was cheating again. That was how he caught her the last couple of times.

As they got home, Mark hugged Cindy from behind and started to kiss her neck. Cindy giggled as he affectionately kissed her. He pressed his erect cock against her ass. She knew immediately what he wanted. She turned her head to kiss him and said,

"Mmm, someone wants to come out and play."

"Mmm, don't you know it."

"I need to shower. I wanna clean up first before I  reward  my wonderful husband."

Mark kissed his wife and smiled at her responding,

"Okay."

As Mark undressed and waited for her on their bed, Cindy was doing what she could to get rid of the cum inside her pussy. She could not afford to let Mark find out she cheated again.

'Wash out all the cum. Make sure he doesn't end up tasting it like last time. I'll be damned if he thinks of a divorce again.'

After Cindy finished cleaning herself, she stuck a finger in her pussy and then put it in her mouth to check.

'I'm good.'

As Cindy left the bathroom, she saw Mark patiently waiting on the bed wearing nothing but his underwear. She could clearly see his erection. She was loving the sight of her sexy husband. She walked over to him seductively, swaying her hips back and forth. He was enjoying every minute of watching his sexy wife. She climbed onto the bed and sat on his groin. She notified him,

"Honey, my jaw hurts, I don't know why. Can I not give you head right now? I'll make up for it later."

"Oh, are you alright?"

"I'm fine. It just feels like I strained it for some reason. But can I just give it a break?"

"Of course, I'd never force you."

"Thanks honey, I love you."

"I love you too."

The two closed their eyes and kissed each other. Cindy was happy she could get out of that. She did not want to suck Mark off because she did strain her jaw, or at least, that was what it felt like to her. She strained it sucking off that manager in the back room. She was also just feeling lazy.

"Well, if you can't suck me off, then I guess we can just skip to the part where I eat you out."

That made Cindy wet. Most of her secret lovers would only fuck her or have her give them head. If they did eat her out, then they were not that great. Not as good as Mark. One of many reasons why she still stayed with him was the fact that he was so good in bed. That and he really knew how to treat a lady. He would always buy her expensive things like jewelry or electronics. What could she say? She had a husband who was good at spoiling her.

She also was still very attracted to him. Mark was tanned with short black hair, average height and build, blue eyes, and very well-toned. His muscles turned her on. He was not bulky, he was just ripped. There was a time when he gained a bit of  happy weight, but she quickly fixed that with 'drop the weight or I drop you.' To complete him, his cock was very thick and was ten inches long. She loved big dicks.

The one quality that pasted everything together was Mark being so naïve. No other man was easier to deceive than Mark. He was also too forgiving. She knew that her marriage with him was very stable because he was a hopeless romantic. Divorce was not even a last resort for him before they married. She was caught cheating three times. She had done that for such a long time because of his trusting nature. Once she was caught, he was forgiving after a few days. There was no other man that she knew that was that selfless. She was not willing to lose a man like that. 

To Cindy, Mark was a dream come true. To be married to a man who was always spoiling her, easy to cheat on, extremely faithful even after being caught cheating, super hot with a big cock, and beyond selfless.

"Mmm, honey. Yeah, lick my wet cunt. My pussy loves it when you lick it."

Mark stuck his pointer and middle finger into Cindy's pussy while he continued to lick her clitoris. Cindy played with her breasts while Mark gently massaged her clitoris with his tongue. He curved his fingers and felt around for her G-spot. He found it and fingered around the area just how Cindy loved it.

That was enough to finish Cindy. She cried out as she climaxed,

"Oh God! Yes! Fuck! Yes!"

Cindy's whole body spasmed with pleasure as she had her intense orgasm. She squirted her cum in Marks face. Once she recovered, she got up and kissed him. Mark was extremely turned on.

"I love it when you kiss me after I eat you. It's so hot."

"Yeah, well, I'm clean, so it's fine."

"You are the most beautiful woman in the world and I love you."

Cindy blushed. She loved when Mark kissed her ass like that. She honestly believed that she was below average. She was very insecure.

She was a blonde with a fit body, but it was equipped with B cups. She was never truly satisfied with her breast size. She wanted implants, but Mark was not exactly Bill Gates. She figured that she would let him make some more money for a year so she could ask for them for her birthday. Her ass was decent, but she did not mind a bit of enhancement for it too. Her face was very nice and she was satisfied with that. Everything else was average and she hated that, but Mark did not seem to mind. He had always called her perfect and she loved him for that, but it was just not enough for her.

"How much do you love me?" Cindy asked.

"No words would be enough to express how much I love you."

"Don't give me that! Here, I'll make it easy. What if I started getting warts on my face?"

"I'd still be with you."

"My boobs and ass went flat."

"I'd still worship them."

"I gain weight...three hundred more pounds."

"You better drop that or I drop you." Mark joked, obviously referring back to the time he had gained weight.

"That is  not  funny." Cindy pouted.

Mark chuckled. Cindy did not like what he just joked, so she decided to say something that would make him uncomfortable.

"What if I fucked someone else?"

"..."

"Well?"

"..."

"Tell me!"

"Please don't joke like that."

"It's your fault for bringing up a joke in the first place."

"..."

Mark had suddenly lost his arousal. He was very uncomfortable. He had caught Cindy cheating on three different occasions. The most recent one being four months ago. The first time, he forgave her and she was sincere, along with the second time. The third time, she seemed to be taking his forgiveness for granted a bit. That was when he was contemplating a divorce and suicide for the first time. He did not want tension like that again. After he had told her that he was considering a divorce, she became overly apologetic and would not stop trying to sway his decision. It was a hard time for him, especially because they had been married for five years. Cindy began to speak,

"Hey, look honey, I'm sorry alright."

"Just, don't joke like that again. I...I kinda lost my boner."

"Well, I guess I'll have to get you back up then."

Cindy smiled and reached for Mark's cock. He was completely limp—he was not kidding. She began to play with him and he did not seem to be getting hard. Mark's mind was elsewhere. He could not get his mind off of the pain she had caused him those three times. It was hard for him to get aroused. Cindy was getting impatient.

"Come on babe, get hard! I need this cock!"

"I...don't feel like it. Sorry honey." Mark sighed.

"What? Just because of a joke?! I was only joking and I already said sorry. What more do you want?!" Cindy responded angrily.

This made Mark angry. She had a complete lack of consideration for his feelings, more so than usual. He decided that the best way to not lose his temper was to just get up and leave. He did just that and Cindy raised her voice at him.

"I don't believe you! Fine! Just go then!"

Cindy faced away from him and laid herself on the bed. Mark could not look her in the eyes, so he never turned to look back. He was feeling extremely depressed so he decided to have some scotch that he got from his boss. A gift for being a good subordinate and friend. The label read 'Black Dog'. He never tried it before, but what better time than now he supposed. Scotch was his favorite drink after all. Mark had already run out of all the alcohol he bought in the past four months. It seemed like he drank more and more by each passing day.

He put some ice in his glass and poured some in. He took a swig and then took a few seconds to judge the taste.

"Not bad, not bad at all."

He took a bigger gulp. Before he knew it, he had a second serving, then a third...He decided to stop drinking after he finished almost half the bottle. By that time, he was already drunk. He was feeling much better now. He was thinking of things to say to Cindy. He figured to put the bottle away first. As he did so, he stared at it. He started thinking about one of his favorite Led Zeppelin songs. He began to drunkenly sing aloud,

"Hey, hey, mama, said the way you move, gonna make you sweat, gonna make you groove!"

He then attempted to imitate the guitar riff with his voice and continued on. Meanwhile, Cindy was lying on their bed, getting irritated. She could hear Mark drunk and singing 'Ah yeah, ah yeah.' She hated Black Sabbath, AC/DC, and especially Led Zeppelin. She did not even like Queen. To her, those bands were composed of 'untalented morons' that only idiots and children would like. Mark was finishing up, but wept as he sang the last verse,

"All I ask for when I pray, steady rollin' woman gonna come my way!"

He imitated the guitar riff again and continued to pour more tears.

"Need a woman gonna hold my hand, won't tell me no lies, make me a happy man!"

Mark wept without even realizing the exact source of his unhappiness. He had always sung this song before and during the days when he dated Cindy. He always believed that this song was referring to her, but for some reason, he was not happy. While Mark was singing and weeping, Cindy decided she could not take it anymore. She marched outside their bedroom and walked up to Mark. She slapped him across the face.

SLAP!

"Shut up! It's annoying! And also, you ain't happy?! Huh?!"

Mark was about to yell back, but Cindy turned away from him and went back to their bedroom. He was hoping that the trip to Paris would help strengthen their bond. Would it work?...No! It will! It has to!

 Chapter I: Crushed Hopes 

Once the day had come for the trip, Mark and Cindy were extremely anxious. Mark had high hopes for rekindling the fire with his wife. A factor that increased Mark's hopes was him blue balling. He had been denied sex since that night he got drunk. Cindy, however, had been contacting a couple of secret lovers to fulfill her sexual needs. She was excited for the trip to Paris, not for rekindling, but for sex with a man from Europe. It was always something she wanted to try. 

The couple had left home, boarded the plane, and was on their way to Paris. They sat there excited for what was to come. Mark took Cindy's hand and smiled at her. She smiled back, pretending that she was looking forward to spending time with him. Unfortunately, Mark took her smile as a sincere one.

Once they got off the plane, they headed for the Hotel. The place was beautiful and the staff was courteous. As they got to their room, they were amazed by the view that it offered and the décor. The place had nothing but white cloth and shiny gold color on whatever was made of metal. Even the phone was gold. This of course was not real gold, but the two enjoyed the scenery nonetheless. Cindy jumped on the bed and enjoyed the soft touch of its comforter and pillows. Mark joined her by lying next to her. He put his arm over her and smiled as he said,

"I love you."

"I love you too honey."

Mark was excited. He wanted to order room service and have a romantic dinner with his wife. It would be just the two of them. He kissed his wife and she gave a gentle peck back. It was actually almost time for dinner and he asked her,

"Are you hungry?"

"Yeah! I'm famished. I looked up restaurants and found out that there's a nice one close by. It's actually walking distance."

"Oh...I was hoping to dine here. Just the two of us."

Cindy did not like that. There would be no way for her to meet anyone if she stayed in the hotel with Mark. She responded,

"Oh come on honey, don't be antisocial."

"Oh no, I'm not trying to be antisocial, it's just—"

"Good, then we're going to the restaurant." 

Mark did not want to mess things up now. He knew Cindy would be angry if he tried to sway her decision. So, he just went with it. He thought to himself,

'Well, it would be nice to explore around...yeah, why not, what's the harm in going to a restaurant instead?'

The two changed into dressier clothes and left their hotel suite. They walked according to the directions Cindy's phone was giving them. Mark grabbed Cindy's hand and held it firmly. She looked back to confirm what she was feeling on her hand and then quickly returned her eyes to her phone.

Cindy was more concerned about the restaurant than spending time with Mark. He could see it, but he took it as her being excited to try the place. Cindy stopped looking at the phone and looked forward. It said that her destination was right in front of her. She smiled as she exclaimed,

"I found you!"

The couple walked in and were greeted by the hostess,

"Bonsoir! Do you have a reservation?"

"Clark, table for two."

'She made reservations?' Mark thought. 'She must have planned this one. I guess she never intended to eat in the hotel.'

The hostess checked and confirmed. She showed them to their table. Mark did not appreciate Cindy's one sided decision. However, he supposed it was the same thing as a man making reservations and surprising his woman. This was just the reverse. Sadly, Mark could not have been further from the truth.

Cindy looked at the menu and Mark did the same. Once he had found something he liked, he closed the menu and looked towards his wife. He smiled at her, admiring her beauty. Cindy noticed him looking at her and smiled back at him. She gave him a casual smile, but it soon turned to a smile of lust the moment their waiter came. A man with a short black ponytail greeted them,

"Bonsoir! Monsieur, Madame, my name is Alexandre. I'll be your waiter tonight. How may I serve you?"

Cindy ordered wine and Mark ordered some water. Wine was not his thing. However, Alexandre began to jokingly call him a lightweight and compliment Cindy on her tolerance. Most men would take offense, but Mark did not. He just took it as the waiter joking around. What Mark did  not  approve of was Cindy's flirtatious behavior towards Alexandre. He let it slide just this once, not wanting to make a scene.

Although Mark had put up with that, Cindy continued to flirt with Alexandre while they ordered their food. What made matters worse was when he started to flirt back. Alexandre took their orders and left. Mark studied Cindy's body language and speech patterns while he said,

"Alexandre is a cool guy."

"Yeah, he sure is." Cindy said with a smile.

Cindy was not even looking at him while saying that. She was staring at Alexandre's butt.

"Cindy...CINDY!"

Cindy jumped at Mark's sudden increase of volume in his voice and yelled,

"What?!"

"I love you honey."

"Love you." Cindy said in a  half-assed  tone.

Mark was feeling very uncomfortable. It was clear that Cindy was not here for him. She was here for Alexandre. He began to lose his cool and asked Cindy in a distrustful tone,

"Do you mean it?"

Cindy turned to him and got angry. She replied,

"What is that supposed to mean?"

"Exactly what it sounds like!"

"What? Do you wanna hear me say no?!"

"I want you to be honest!"

"It doesn't fucking matter! You're gonna get mad either way!"

"I see the way you look at him!"

"Here's an idea, why don't I fuck him and you can go fuck yourself!"

Mark slammed his palms on the table. The sound of the plates and utensils shaking were given off. He almost yelled in the restaurant.

"FFFFFUU—"

People in their proximity looked towards them. Cindy turned away from him and said,

"Oh yeah, real mature..."

That made Mark even angrier. Could she not understand that they still had trust issues? Mark wanted to leave, but he did not want to abandon his wife. So he decided to excuse himself to the bathroom. He could not be around her right now. Cindy mumbled,
