 Gina was worried. In all of her 28 years of life, she had never dreaded a test as much as she dreaded this one. Who knew getting a driver's license would be so difficult? She shouldn't have waited this long , but when you lived in the city, you didn't really need anything except cab fare or a bus pass. Now that her new job had taken her to a smaller town, she was forced to get a license.

"I can do this." she said with confidence. "Just relax and remember everything that you've studied."

Just as her heart slowed down to comfortable rhythm, she turned around and saw the car. It was a monstrous contraption, complete with tinted windows and a glossy black finish. The door opened and a handsome man in his late 30's stepped out, and smiled at her. He was about 6 feet tall, with reddish brown hair and sparkling blue eyes. His blue shirt and tan pants covered a nicely built body. 

"Ms. Lanson?" he asked. At her nod, he came forward and introduced himself,"I'm Brian Cunningham, and I'll be administering your driver's test today. Are we all set?"

Gina nodded again, smiling, and without saying a word, started towards the car.

"Um, Ms. Lenson? Part of the test is for you to inspect the vehicle and make sure that everything is in good condition prior to operating it." Brian said. 

He chuckled at her while she again nodded and silently started walking around the car. 

He took a long look at her while she was concentrating on the details of the vehicle. Her thick hair was tied back in a sensible ponytail, which allowed him to see her slender shoulders in the black tank top that she wore. His gaze traveled lower to her large breasts, which were currently swaying as she bent down to inspect the tires. She had a firm waist, and wide hips, that were encased in snug blue jeans. There was a hole in the backside of her pants that showed him the white panties underneath. The thought of them made his mouth water. Something about white panties always got him excited. 

As she finished her walk around, she softly said to him "Everything looks okay to me. Did I miss anything?"

"Did you look under the hood?" he asked with a laugh.

"No, I'm sorry. I didn't realize I had to do that either." Gina said, blushing.

"It's alright, we'll just pretend you did. We can get started now." Brian offered while opening the driver's door for her.

As she slid in, Brian took a peek down her tank top and was shocked to see that she wasn't wearing a bra. He was pleased that for once a woman was proud to show off her ample curves and not torture herself with restrictions. It also meant that he would get to witness to some excellent jiggling. The path that was designated for the driving test would just have to be altered a bit.

Gina smiled at Brian as slid onto the other side of the big front seat, and asked "What kind of car is this?" 

"It's a Caddy. Nice isn't it?" he said, with obvious pride in his voice, "I've had her for three years, and she just keeps getting better and better. Don't tell me you've never been in a Cadillac before?"

Gina shrugged, "This is my first time in one, actually. It's really plush and comfortable." 

"Oh yeah. There are all sorts of things that you can do in this car. That's why I love it." Brian said with a gleam in his eyes. "For now, we'll see how well she drives for you. Start it up, and let's take her for a spin."

The route was easy, Gina thought, if a bit bumpy at times. Brian didn't say much but when he did it was to praise her skills, and give her an encouraging squeeze on the leg. After the third pass of the same high school, Gina asked "Am I going to have to parallel park?" 

"That's correct," he said "turn into the school parking lot, and drive to the very back by the trees. We can use them for this part of the test."

After following his instructions, Gina put the car in park, and turned to Brian with a grimace. "I'm really worried about this part. I've never had to parallel park, and I don't know if I can do it."

He gave her a lopsided grin and said "Close your eyes."

When she did, he leaned over and kissed her on the lips. When her eyes stayed closed, he took that as a good sign, and did it again. "Mmmm...that's definitely helping my nerves" she said with a groan.

"Well, then allow me to help you relax completely" Brian said, while sliding closing to her.

He put his arms around Gina and gave her a much deeper kiss. Tongues and lips danced and sucked greedily as their breathing grew heavy. His hands wandered down and caressed her breasts, as her fingers threaded through his thick hair. Brian started to move his head down as he trailed kisses along her neck, licking at her pulse point and sucking at her earlobe. Gina shivered and lost her concentration as she attempted to unbutton his shirt. 

His shoulders are massive, she thought with a smile, and she always loved a man with wide shoulders. It meant he could handle a big girl like her. As she thought it, Brian yanked at her hips and brought her leg over, so that she was straddling him. He lowered the seat a bit and was able to recline as he looked up at her. Face pink with heat, and lips swollen from kissing, she looked amazing. Reaching for the bottom of her tank top he pulled it up, and watched as her double D tits lifted and bounced down into his face. Huge dark nipples stared at him, and with something close to a snarl, he grabbed the mounds and started to suckle. They were massive, and he wanted to taste every inch of them. 

He squeezed and licked, and sucked at the nipples so hard, Gina threw her head back and moaned "Oh God, yes! Like that, just like that." Her hips were moving up and down, grinding her jeans into his huge erection. She had felt his instant hard-on the second he got a look at her huge tits. There were plenty of men who didn't like thick women, and t.v. ads was always telling her that skinny women with no chests were what was desirable. However, this man was obviously a fan of thick and big. The driver's test was definitely turning out better than she had hoped for.

Brian could have died happy just then. He had a gorgeous and round woman grinding on top of him, and a mouthful of the most delicious breasts he had ever gotten his hands on. Better still, he was in his Caddy, behind tinted windows, in the cover of trees and not an interruption in site. He was going to take advantage of this situation....and of the woman currently dry humping him.

Lifting Gina briefly and setting her further back on his legs allowed him to undo his shirt and pants as Gina began to wiggle out of her jeans. When she had only her little white panties on, and he was bare for her to play with, Gina knelt down between his legs. She loved a good, thick, cock...and Brian definitely had one. She lowered her head and watched as he held his breath, expecting her to take his cock in her mouth. Gina surprised him when she dipped her head down and licked his balls instead. Sweat and the smell of musk greeted her as she sucked his balls into her mouth. Gently tonguing the sacs, she laved them with attention, rolling them in her mouth. They were just as important as the cock...and she had always felt they deserved just as much attention. After Brian's many groans, she lifted her head and smiled at him, before descending again. 

The throbbing red tip bobbed to his heartbeat as she gently licked from the bottom all the way to the top, before opening her swollen lips and sucking him in. Brian's head fell back as Gina began moving her head up and down, making delightful slurping noises. His hands tangled into her ponytail and he began pumping his hips up and down into her mouth. She took him almost all the way down her throat and could feel her pussy getting wet at the thought of his length and thickness pounding into her. 

Brian could feel the pressure building, but was not ready to blow his load just yet. With tug to her hair, she looked up at him with a pout "I wasn't done yet." 

"You're right. But now I want those tits. I'm going to fuck them for a while." he said, as he lowered her mouth to his cock again "spit on my dick, and lube it up really good."

Gina showered his cock with as much saliva as she could muster, and then giggled as he lifted her gigantic tits and settled them onto either side of his large cock. Brian squeezed them together and marveled at how good they felt and how wicked they looked. Gina leaned over and licked the head of his cock, as Brian once again started to pump his hips up and down, squeezing her tits together. Heavenly, he thought, it felt so good to have his cock smashed between two slicked up and warm breasts. His thrusts became harder as Gina started sucking the head of his dick. Up and down he went, and soon the pressure was too much.

"I'm gonna cum!" he gasped "Open wide Gina, and take all of it." When she closed her mouth firmly over his cock and started sucking, he grabbed her hair and pushed her all the way down, her breasts covering her face as he pumped into her once, twice, on the third time shooting a stream of hot cum down her throat. Gina swallowed quickly over and over again, until there was nothing left. She licked his cock clean and looked up at Brian. 

"That was quite load, Mr. Cunningham. Are we done with that portion of the test?"

"Yes, Ms. Lansen, and I'd say that you passed with flying colors. But as you can see, there are still some areas that require your attention." he said, pointing.

When she glanced back down she was amazed to see that he was still fully erect and hard as rock. She gave a little yelp as he lifted her up set her down on his knees, once again straddling him. Hi massive erection was pressed against them as he leaned forward and began licking her nipples. He used his hands to mound them together and took his time laving them with his tongue. Up and down, back and forth, he licked and suckled, as Gina began to whimper. She squirmed against his cock, rubbing it against her, until he reached down and ripped the sides of her panties, pulling them free with a tug. Gina pushed up with her legs, hoping to come down on his cock, when he suddenly twisted to the side, and laid her down next to him......

To Be Continued...