 On the wooden floor of my office, a young Asian coed lies face-down in utter sexual exhaustion. Her straight jet-black hair clings to her sweat-covered innocent face and petite naked body. The bikini lines on her golden-tanned skin contrast with the scarlet palmprints that cover her rounded buttocks and the backs of her upper thighs. From her dilated anus, my recently deposited semen lazily seeps to mingle with her sexual juices from her sweet little love box. Her name is Ivy, and she is my student assistant - and more specifically, my teenage fuck-slut.

Ironically our unique relationship began about three months ago when I became the Sex Equity Compliance Director for the State's community college system. Because my work involved a lot of confidential complaints, investigations, and report writing, I was provided with a converted grounds keeper's cottage that was secluded in the far corner of the system headquarters' sprawling grounds. While within walking distance from the main compound, my place provided privacy, allowed me to come and go as I pleased, and to burn the midnight oil to meet reporting deadlines and other contingencies.

Another perk of my position was that I was allowed one student assistant to help with the general clerical duties and light custodial functions. Carole, the assistant that I had inherited from my predecessor, informed me soon after I assumed my position that she would be graduating in a month and that if I didn't mind, she'd begin interviewing for and training her replacement. 

I was so consumed with settling into the new job that I gave Carole free rein in selecting her successor. I just told her to pick a "keeper" who would follow orders and be in it for the long haul. I was nevertheless surprised when I was introduced to Ivy a week later.

"Cute as a button" popped into my mind when I first lay eyes on Ivy. She was an eighteen-year-old Japanese-American who was petite with large twinkling almond eyes behind her funky granny-glasses and a toothy grin that spoke volumes of her bubbly eagerness. Standing at four-feet-ten-inches in height, Ivy had a trim figure as readily seen in her flat stomach, trim waist, narrow hips, firm buns, and shapely legs. However, what immediately stood out (literally and figuratively) about Ivy was her enormous breasts that dwarfed her diminutive frame.

Ivy's unbelievable 32D boobs were an erotic blend of youthful firmness, sensual softness, and jaw-dropping fullness. Her globular mounds jiggled enticingly and sorely stretched the thin material of her thin top. Each was capped with a puffy dark pink areola from which a thick cylindrical nipple jutted up and out to give Ivy's breasts that sexy upturned look. 

I discovered this when shortly after our introduction Ivy bent over in front of me to file some reports given to her and amply demonstrated that she loved to go braless. There before my startled eyes were her mouthwatering mammary delights, obscenely dangling and swaying with their burgundy nipples fully extended. It went without saying that this sight of blatant sexuality was indelibly burnt into my memory as I struggled to maintain a wavering cool, calm and collected demeanor.

The semester quickly ended and Carole soon graduated, leaving Ivy and me to get to know each other better over the course of the long hot summer. Since the temperatures soared in our poorly airconditioned cottage, we took to dressing quite casually and comfortably, keeping an extra set of clothes on the side just in case there was some official business that had to be conducted. 

For Ivy, her normal attire consisted of extremely thin tight tops that clung obscenely to her massive but seemingly gravity-defying tits. Her short shorts barely hid her crotch and failed miserably to cover the lower curve of her butt cheeks. Although Ivy didn't appear to be flaunting her physical charms, her massive bosom, tantalizing nipple bumps, scantily-covered crotch, and displayed buttock cheeks were terrible distractions as we worked side by side in our cramp cottage. I never knew whether the heat that I felt was due to the summer temperature in our cabin or from the friction caused by me frequently popping a boner in my loose slacks. 

As we worked together, we freely shared our personal lives and experiences. I griped about my recent divorce settlement with my "blood-sucking" ex-wife and how I was so destitute that I could only manage to afford a small rental not far from the system headquarters. Given my total lack of any kind of social life and all-consuming professional demands, I bemoaned having to pay rent since I spent more time at work in my office cottage than at home. 

"Hmmm, Jim, if you don't mind me asking, what was the reason for your divorce?"

"Ha! My wife, that uptight frigid bitch, said that my 'sadistic kinkiness' was too much for her to handle," I flippantly but honestly replied. I was surprised when Ivy instead of being shocked, just looked at me in a new way that I couldn't quite place at the time.

Ivy, it seemed, had relationship problems of her own. "Don't tell anyone, Jim, but although I have a steady boyfriend, he isn't 'up to par.' When I asked what she meant, Ivy coolly said, "Shaun is constantly complaining that I'm...over-sexed...since I got on the pill. He claims that my constant sexual demands are taking him away from his friends and distracting him from playing his video games with them..."

"What a blithering idiot!" blurted out of my mouth before I knew it. "Why don't you just dump the loser?"

"I've been thinking about doing that. However, I won't do so until I've found a good sexual partner." Realizing what she had just said, Ivy looked at me defensively before uttering, "Hey, I know I sound like some nympho, but this girl has some basic needs. I mean that I need to get laid every so often - even if it's only halfway decent fuck. Shaun says I am too bossy - but - when I know what I want, I'm just used to getting it. You know what I mean?"

New lewd and lascivious thoughts about my student assistant were added to the powder keg of my mind and that between my legs. Although I didn't want to admit it as I struggled to hide my bulging erection, the situation was primed and just waiting for the right spark to set it off one hell of an explosion.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

That spark came on the Fourth of July fireworks celebration that took place over the city. Ivy convinced me that the best vantage point to watch the show was on top of our cottage's roof. In the ambient light of the city and the bursts of the frequent aerials, we kicked back on a blanket, relaxing with wine, cheese, and more wine in what started out as an innocent evening. 

However, the air was still and muggy without any hope for a cooling breeze. Perspiration beaded and dripped from us, making your clothes cling miserably to our already over-heated bodies. The wine we consumed, the invisibility of our rooftop perch, and the surrounding darkness quickly served to loosen our spirits, our inhibitions, and then our clothing. 

In several swift moves, Ivy took off her glasses, pulled off her sweat-drenched cotton t-shirt, and then shimmied out her shorts to reveal in the dim light a flimsy string-bikini that struggled mightily to cover and contain her bountiful boobs and spongy butt. When she saw my astonished look, Ivy giggled, "What, Jim? You've never seen a girl in a bikini? Hey, why are you still dressed?" 

When I said that I didn't have my swimming trunks under my clothes, Ivy laughed even more as she pulled off my shirt and began to unbuckle my pants, "It's too hot to be fully dressed. Let's get you cool, Jim. Look, it's so dark up here that no one can see us from below. Hmmm...I tell you what...I'll take off all my clothes if you take off yours." 

With that Ivy reached behind her and with two sharp yanks, undid and stripped off her bikini top. A burst of fireworks in the sky highlighted her bodacious tatas that surged free once released, swaying and quivering before my startled but hungry eyes. 

"Jim, let's not play these silly games," Ivy purred with a smug grin on her lips. "When you hired me, I was immediately drawn to you. However, I didn't know if you thought that I was just a kid...I am after all much younger than you...but, I suspected that deep down inside you were a dirty old man. 

"Oh, come on, Jim, don't deny it! Don't tell me that I didn't get your undivided attention when I flashed my boobies that first day when Carole wasn't looking? I wanted to see how you'd respond...and boy, I wasn't disappointed. Do you really think you hid your hard-ons whenever I just happened to dangle my big titties before your eyes, or flash you a crotch shot, or wiggle my butt when I bend over? Jeez, how I loved deliberately teasing you while acting oh so innocent," Ivy snickered as she began unbuckling my belt, "I love getting a 'rise' out of you."

"Do you think I 'suggested' that we climb up on this damn roof tonight just to watch the fireworks? Hell, no! I wanted to 'get it on with you and make some fireworks of our own.' And before you ask, no, I'm not really this loose with guys, especially older ones. But I've wanted you, Jim, from the moment that I laid eyes on you...and I will have you...tonight."

Having tugged my jeans halfway down my lap, Ivy boldly reached for the waistline of my tented boxers. But before she could touch my pride-and-joy, I snapped out of my paralysis and grabbed her hands. Crossing them at the wrist, I pushed them above her head and in a quick move, forced an astonished Ivy on her back against the blanket. I enjoyed her gasp of surprise and decided that it was time that I took charge of the situation and Ivy. 

"You know that you're a naughty little cock-teaser," I murmured before I sensuously kissed her delectable lips, and then let my tongue blaze a lazy wet path down her exposed throat to her breasts. Ivy squealed when I grabbed the objects of my office fantasies and squeezing her incredibly soft spongy tits until her meaty nipples popped in painful rigidity. Smashing her boobs together to that her cylindrical tips touched, my mouth engulfed them as I madly sucked them. 

"You're such a sneaky and teasing bitch," I uttered as I released her rock-hard nipples from my lips, "such a damn conniving Jap cunt!" Ivy cried out as I inhaled a fat teat, before catching it between my teeth and pulling it slowly pulled from her heaving chest. It was only when Ivy whimpered pitifully while thrusting her tits into my face that I released her meaty tip to whisper, "You're so damn evil to coyishly paraded these babies before my startled eyes like some goddamn cheap little whore."

"Ooh, I love it when you call me by those horrible names and talk trash to me! It's so filthy, disgusting, and vulgar! But, oh my god, they really turn me on and get my juices flowing," Ivy whined, trembling so violently in building anticipation that her big boobs to quiver like obscene mounds of Jell-O.

"Oh, shit, yeah, Jim! I kept waiting for you to jump my bones and fuck the living daylights out of me," Ivy snapped passionately before grabbing my head to kiss me hotly. "But, no, you had to be 'Mr. Sex Equity' who is above taking advantage of and having affairs with his willing student assistant. Hmmph, you didn't want to be accused of sexually harassing your sweet barely-legal student assistant."

"God, I can't believe that you're nothing but a little slant-eyed cock-teaser! You're just a horny cum-dump who's just looking for a good fuck!"

"Oh, fuck yes, talk dirty to me! That's me. I love fucking...but I really love being fucked...good and hard. And all those...wicked names...are really me. None of my pussy-whipped boyfriends had the guts to 'call me out'...only you. What a turn on it is to finally be called such nasty names... yeah...I'm nothing but a goddamn fuck-slut!" 

"Well, tonight is your lucky night, bitch, because I've had enough of your teasing way. However, before you're taught a lesson as to how things are going to be, you need to tell me...no, beg me... to make you mine. I don't want to be accused later of sexually harassing you when I give you what you deserve...what you want...what you need. So, do you want me, Ivy, or are you just some skanky little bitch? Tell me!" 

"Ooh, fuck Jim, what do I have to do to show you how badly I want you. Shit, give it to me good, hard, and fast. Make me you cheap little Jap cum-dump, Jim! I've waited for this for so long. Please!"

Ivy gasped as with two sharp tugs, I undid her bikini bottom to reveal a neatly trimmed patch of pubic hair on top of a hairless camel-toe quim. Before she could say anything, I plunged my face between her inner thighs. I ate her pussy like there was no tomorrow, feasting on her engorged pussy lips and her stiff throbbing clit while slurping her sopping wet snatch. 

Ivy whined and jerked violently when I suddenly shoved my fat thumb up her love hole while worming a middle finger well-lubricated with her pussy juices into her puckered asshole. A strangled scream ripped from her lips as I vigorously strummed her stiff little clit with my other hand while relentlessly fingering her nether orifices. Her petite body tossed and violently shook under my oral assault and my double-digit penetration. Suddenly the night sky erupted with a massive explosion over us, but it paled when compared to Ivy's mind-blowing orgasm of the very young night.

As spasms of her climax aftermath coursed through Ivy, I slithered up her shuddering young body to whisper in her ear, "Ivy, I'm not one of your pimple-faced teenage boyfriends who you can pussy-whip around. You will do what I say and please me...and you...on and off the job. If not, you can find another job and go back to your wimpy boyfriend who doesn't appreciate what a fine piece of ass you are." 

I squished her boobs until her erect nipples popped to an incredible length and thickness. Flicking and swirled my tongue on her stiff teats until she cried our childishly, I then muttered, "So what is it going to be, Ivy? Begging your boyfriend to fuck you, or getting fucked by me and having all the orgasms you want? Well, which is it to be?"

"Ooh, Jim, you of course! You know that I wanted you oh so badly!"

"Talk is cheap, Ivy, but a man in my position can't afford to be accused of sexually harassing, much less assaulting, his student assistant. Why don't you show me just how willing you are?"

And with that said, I rolled on my back and gently nudged my student assistant's head towards my crotch. I was pleased when Ivy immediately caught the hint and after quickly stripping off my pants completely, proceeded to attack my throbbing boner like a sex-starved bitch in heat. 

"Oh fuck," I thought, "this little Jap co-ed is a fucking keeper! She's sucking on my dong like a polished professional and is doing it not because I told her to, but because she loves giving fucking head. Shit, if I were to shoot my load in her sweet sucking mouth, I bet Ivy would swallow it without any hesitation and then lick my cock and balls clean. Hmmm, while that's really tempting, let's see just how horny this little bitch is."

Grasping her drenched hair, I regretfully pulled Ivy away from her oral ministration and made her get on top of me with her legs straddling my hips. With my cock head plowing her slippery pussy slit, I urged, "Fuck yourself on my cock. Do it! Show me that you really want it, you little bitch! Do it now!"

A large toothy grin appeared on Ivy's face as she knelt and reached between her thighs to grasp my throbbing shaft. "Oh, shit yeah," Ivy chanted as she slowly gyrated her hips and worked me into her sizzling, wet-velvet, tight twat. "You're so big...filling me up... stretching my small pussy out...oh my god!" 

As her hips gyrated sensuously, my eighteen-year-old student assistant slowly eased my full erection into her little twat until a shudder consumed her as her pussy ground against my groin. Panting breathlessly, Ivy froze, savoring the sensation of a man's rock-hard cock buried in her churning bodily depths.

My palm landed sharply on her spongy bus, and startled Ivy yelped as she was sharply brought out of her trance. "Ride me, you fucking nympho! Ride my big fat cock that crammed up your little tight snatch." Another stinging slap caused to buck as she frantically pumped up and down, her huge tits lewdly bouncing and gyrating with each stroke of her hips. I swatted her buns repeatedly, and with each slap, Ivy increased the tempo of the feverish grinding of her hairless vulva against my groin. 

Suddenly Ivy convulsed as gut-wrenching convulsions consumed her petite body. Her tiny love box squeezed my dick repeatedly, milking me like crazy. Before I knew it, I exploded two clenched balls of spunk into her twisting twat as a deep guttural groan escaped my clenched lips. "

Oh, yeah... oh, fuck yeah," Ivy gasped before she limply collapsed on my chest, "I really needed that!" 

I held Ivy as my hands slid down her sweat-covered back to grip and squeeze he firm little butt. My spent dick throbbed lazily in her snug little twat as it exuded the last bit of my cum. Overhead the exploding pyrotechnics lit up the night sky, but I knew that they were nothing compared to the explosions that would happen between Ivy's splayed legs in the days to come. 

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 

After that night, we were extremely careful around work to maintain the appearance of an effective supervisor-student employee team. However, when we were alone and not likely to have uninvited visitors, our little cottage and my place became our dens of iniquity. If Ivy thought that she was over-sexed, she had a crash course in what it would be like working for a depraved supervisor like me. 

Ivy quickly learned the true meaning of "sadistic kinkiness" when she screwed up on the data for the System's annual civil rights compliance report. As a result, we ended up working an entire three-day weekend to correct her error and I virtually had to rewrite the entire report. 

Knowing that I was pissed, Ivy tried to make amends by cozying up to me as I sat working at my desk. In a cute little girl's voice that she knew turned me on, she hugged me and reach to fondle my crotch as she asked, "Does Big Jim wanted some "dickie-poo suck-suck?"

Ivy underestimated my anger and quickly discovered the error of her way - swiftly and painfully. Before she knew it, Ivy found herself immediately bent over the edge of my desk, her shorts and panties yanked from her, and firmly rounded buns being spanked with thunderous swats. She screamed, thrashing and kicking as she sought to escape, but this only resulted in me slapping her butt and thighs harder and faster. 

Once Ivy had been reduced to a blubbering mess, I dropped to my knees behind her and proceeded to lick and kiss her inflamed flesh. Soon her whimpers were replaced with soft moans as my tongue tip worked its way between her quivering buns, lazily circled and probed her puckered asshole. Then with a nod of my head, I slipped down and let my rasping tongue drill into her dripping wet pussy hole which brought Ivy to her tippy-toes.

Hastily shedding my pants and boxers, I stood and grasped my naughty student assistant's swishing hips. Without any hesitation or reservation, I mounted her and shoved my rock-hard hard-on into her churning twat. Ivy cried out at my sudden invasion as I turned the table and sneered teasingly, "Does little Ivy want some dickie-poo fuck-fuck?" 

I didn't wait for her to respond to my taunt as I took her with long hard measured strokes, sinking deep into her twisting depths. Ivy whimpered with each thrust, but her pussy juices sloshed and slurped when churned by my pistoning cock. Her copious sexual excitement gushed and drenched her brown rosebud before running down her inner thighs.
