 The morning sun was barely over the horizon as I looked out the windshield of the old truck as it was taking me away from the city. It loomed behind me, the city and the sun as I hit the interstate westward. I was tired of the smog, the overcrowding and throngs of people scurrying about wasting their lives away. The bed of the pickup was filled with everything I owned barely piled over the sides, covered with a silver tarp as I headed to who knows what. I didn't know and for that matter, I didn't care. All I knew is I was leaving what I known for forty years I lived in a city that was filled with self-centered, narcissistic, and psychotics. Drugs reigned the low life world, money reigned the higher class. The people in the middle were stuck, trying to crawl out of the squalor of existence.

I was sure of one thing, a friend I had known since I was a kid had joined the Army and had gotten stationed in Colorado somewhere. He told me the mountains were fantastic, and the air was clean. He said, "You can breathe without gagging at the disgusting smells." So west I headed, waiting to see mountains and clean air. He told me you could see for miles, to the east, plains. The west was the Great Divide, mountains that stretched out for hundreds of miles. I saved for three years, squirreling away as much money as I could, I had saved plenty. I sold my car, a Lexus that was only a year old and bought this old pickup. I had the engine worked on and got it running good, fresh oil, coolant, battery and belts. Soon as I took care of everything I left not looking back. I only looked forward.

When I got to Chicago, I pulled into a truck stop, filled up the gas and ate a late night meal that tasted like a mix of cardboard and ketchup. There was a couple a few booths over from where I was seated and the waitresses, which was it. I was drinking my third cup of newspaper filtered coffee, when I heard the couple start arguing. My back was facing them so I couldn't see them but they were arguing about what I took as the guy was giving the woman a ride and I guessed was expecting her to put out for gas. When she began yelling at him, he grabbed her arm and she screamed out in pain. I tossed a twenty on the table, stood and walked back to the table where they were. I grabbed his arm and twisted it back hearing a pop come from his elbow. As he winched in pain, he released her arm and she immediately stood from the booth and came behind me. I watched her as she moved around me, she was in her thirties and strawberry blonde hair just shorter than me. I looked back at the guy, his arms was turning blue and his face was redder with anger. I figured he was going to do something and the only way to get out of there was to knock the asshole out. I drew back and nailed him right in the face, he fell back nose starting to bleed but unconscious.

I turned to the woman. She smiled at me. "You need a ride?" I asked.

"Yup! Just have to get my things from his car." She said as we high tailed it out of the café. We stopped at a Lexus, yeah I know. The doors were locked. I wrapped my hand in my coat, drew back and punched the glass out with shards shattering flying everywhere. She screeched then leaned in getting a duffle bag out of the back seat. We ran to my truck and she got in the passenger side, tossing the duffle in the back. I got in the driver's seat and started the truck, both of us looking back at the café and the waitress waving her hand at us to get the hell out of there. I headed out back onto the interstate as fast as I could, not spinning any tires and driving safe as I could. I didn't want him to have anyway to figure out which way we went. Once we got to speed, I levelled off, maybe five miles an hour over trying to put as many miles between us and the asshole.

We were silent for a long time. Then I asked, "Are you okay?"

She smiled, "Yeah, thanks."

"My name is Carl, I hope you are going west?" I asked.

She laughed, she had a nice laugh, an honest one. "My name is Jennifer, I am now."

"Which way were you headed?"

She leaned against the back of the seat stretching her jean clad long legs out, "was headed south, I am coming from Minneapolis. How about you?"

"New York." I said with a sneer.

"Hmmm, where you heading?" She asked, I replied, "Colorado."

"Oh nice!" She paused a moment, "Mind if I tag along?"

"No, not at all..." I thought for a second, "and I will pay for the gas."

She laughed again and I laughed with her. She hadn't realized I heard most their conversation.

"That jerk picked me up in Rochester and said her was heading to Dallas." She thought for a second, "I think he was some kind of salesman."

"That figures. He was going that way anyway but thought he had a chance at some free pussy." I said.

"OH yeah, that's exactly what her thought. He stunk and was a low life piece of shit." She opened the window a little bit as I drove on.

We rode in silence till we the Iowa border, the sun coming up behind again. She offered to drive for a while, "You look tired, I can drive."

"I can make it till Des Moines. We do have to stop for some coffee though." She agreed.

A couple exits later we saw another truck stop so I exited, pulled in straight to the pumps. "I am going to fill up here again. Gives us enough miles on the tank." I handed her twenty dollars and she started leaving, then stopped and turned around, "How do you take your coffee?"

"Black." I said as she turned and walked inside. The gas clicked of and I squeezed a few more times, getting in as much as I could. I placed the handle back and got my receipt then climbed back in just as she came running out a worried look on her face. The door flew open and she jumped in with two coffees in one hand. I looked at her questionably.

"I thought you were going to pull off and leave me." She said almost out of breath.

I looked at her, she was sweating and I glanced down at a bead roll down her neck in between the 'V' of her shirt. It was then I noticed that her breasts were not so big but very firm and nicely shaped. I looked back at her face, "Why would I do that? You're the best looking person I have had in the seat."

This brought a shy smile across her lips, "I don't know. I wasn't really sure you wanted me tagging along."

I thought about what she said as we pulled back on the interstate. No I was sure I was enjoying the company. "Nope, I said I didn't mind and I say what I mean and mean what I say."

"Are you sure you are from New York?" she asked tilting her head slightly.

"Yeah, I know. But what good does it do to lie?" I said as I looked at her.

"True, I just have met so many that lie through their teeth lately, that's why I am getting away from the Twin Cities."

We chatted for a while, about our lives about why she was leaving Minnesota and why I was leaving New York. I told her about my friend that was stationed in Colorado and how he told me of the mountains and the clean air. She seemed more at ease the longer we talked and she actually rested her hand on my arm. She slowly crept her hand down into my hand and held it there. Her actions drew silence from me and her as well. Her hand was warm and felt good to hold as we drove on into morning. We had made it to Des Moines and I was getting really tired. I asked her if she was okay to drive and she said yes. We stopped at a rest area when she said she had to pee. I went in as well, when I came back out, she hadn't come out yet, so I stood guard outside the women's bathroom.

She came out and saw me standing there, "You standing guard?" Jennifer said.

"Yes Ma'am." I replied motioning as if I were tipping my hat to her.

"Why, thank you kind sir." She said with a fake southern drawl.

We laughed and headed to the truck, I handed her the keys and got in the passenger side. As we hit the road again, I fell asleep quickly and she drove on. I slept facing her with a pillow I pulled from behind the seat and leaned back stretching me legs out to the top of the transmission tunnel, my feet close to hers. I don't know how long I was asleep but I suddenly felt the truck swerve suddenly which caused me to wake up with startled. I looked at her and she had both hands gripping the steering wheel, her eyes looking straight forward like she had seen a ghost.

"What's wrong?" I asked frantically.

She looked at me, then front, then back again at me with a weird look on her face.

"What is it?" I looked out the back window thinking maybe asshole had shown up. "Jennifer?" I looked back at her in time to see her looking down. I followed her gaze and realized the bulge in my jeans. She looked back at the road. "Oh, sorry." I said as I put the pillow in my lap covering myself.

"For what?" she said nervously.

"I must have been dreaming a good looking woman was driving me someplace." I was trying to make her laugh again. She halfhearted smiled at me then turned her attention back to the road in front of the truck.

"Don't worry, I won't try anything Jennifer." I said trying to relax her.

"Uhm..." she paused, "actually..." pause again.

"What?" I asked.

"Well, I uh..." she was nervous, "Hmm, it's not that." She finally said.

"What?" I asked again.

"Nothing." More nervousness.

I was confused to say the least. I took it at that, I rolled back over and went back to sleep after telling her we needed to stop for gas soon. I was woken up as the truck made its way off the interstate to another truck stop. After refueling and a quick bite to eat we got back out on the road. She was small enough to curl up on the seat and her head was by my right hip. She had raised her right hand up and put it on my thigh. I looked down figuring she had fallen asleep and her hand naturally came to rest on my leg.

The sun had begun to set and the sun was in my eyes, I dropped the visor down and was squinting to see. Then I felt a finger thump on the inside seam of my jeans. She must have just been moving her hands I thought, then I felt it again. Then her finger started moving back and forth on the inside of my thigh. This was having an effect on my dick as I felt it become slightly erect. I felt it pointing towards her inside my jeans and knew if her hand kept going, my dick would be hard in no time only an inch or two from her head.

Then her entire hand moved and squeezed the inside of my thigh and move upwards until the side of her hand and thumb came in contact with my balls. I knew she had to be awake. The feeling if her hand was quickly making my dick hard, I decided to let her take it where she wanted, adjusted in my seat and her hand followed. Soon I felt her hand move up to the base of my dick, her fingers gauging the width then slowly slide up the length to stroke the head with her thumb. Asleep or not, she was making me feel good.

She moved her body slightly and looked up at me as I looked down at her. Eyes wide awake and a smile written on her face. Her hand moved to my belt and I quickly moved my hand on top of hers stopping her. Raising up she looked at me.

"Why don't you let me?" she asked.

"I don't want you thinking you have to." I said holding my hand on hers.

"When you were sleeping, I saw the bulge in your jeans, how nice it was. I hadn't really decided until we were back on the road. I wanted to feel it." Her hand moving underneath mine, stroking me with her fingers. She kept undoing the buckle, then brushed my hand away.

She moved so both her hands could continue as I moved my hand back to the steering wheel. "You sure?" I asked her.

"Yes. That ass back in the diner I wouldn't have thought about refusing. You are nice looking and you are, from what I can tell, honest and would not force me to do anything I didn't want to." Having said that my buckle opened and her hands went to work undoing the zipper. She looked on out the windshield as one of her hands made its way into the opening, her fingers gently stroking up to the head thumbing the underside of my dick. She reached further in with her hand and began pulling my dick out of my jeans. Once she had it free it kept hardening fully erect. She looked down at it, with both hands she was lightly trailing her fingertips up and down the length touching it like a feather.

She wrapped one hand around the base pointing it out as I felt the steering wheel hit it. I reached down and released the seat sliding it further back. Once it locked, she moved over to lick the head with her tongue sending shivers up my spine. She attentively licked around the head and down the shaft a little, her head moving between me and the wheel. I looked down at the back of her head, I wanted to place my hand to feel her strawberry blonde hair but kept them on the wheel. Slowly she sucked the head into her mouth, the heat and wetness feeling magnificent. She rested her head with about half of me inside the wetness of her mouth as she began to swirl her tongue around the slickened head. The sensation made me moan my approval. Her tongue made its way to the tip of my dick and the thin slit. She licked with her tongue, pushing the tip of her tongue into it. She withdrew my dick from her mouth as she kissed the very tip and moaned.

"Tastes kind of salty and sweet." She said to it and sucked it back into her mouth.

She began again in earnest between sucking me in to licking as much as she could. I wanted to close my eyes, god knows I was enjoying what she was doing to me, but the road was passing before us. I looked at my speed and saw the needle resting at 90 mph. I let off the gas and let it coast back down to the speed limit and set the cruise control.

She kept sucking me, picking up her pace then when she would feel me getting close, she would ease up only to start again. The more she did this, the closer I got to cumming the more she sucked my dick in. then I felt close to cumming, only this time she didn't stop as the cum began building pressure deep inside. Her mouth and tongue continued when I felt my balls pulling up tight and the pressure became too much for me to bare.

I pushed my ass off the seat as she engulfed more of me when I started cumming in her hot mouth. Shot after shot of cum erupted into her mouth, her swallowing as much as she could with only a little bit running down from the corner of her mouth. 

When I finished cumming, she pulled her mouth off me and licked anything that escaped. She sat up and wiped a finger through the cum on her mouth then licking it clean. Smiling at me, she licked her lips seductively making sure there was nothing left, her hand still holding my dick.

Sweat had formed across my forehead, she sat there looking at me with a Cheshire smile. "Yum." Was the only thing she had said.

I wiped the sweat off my forehead, "I'm glad you liked it."

She looked at me still smiling and said, "Colorado is going to be fun. You still don't mind me tagging along?"

"No, no, not at all."

I will never look at that stretch of highway again without remembering a blowjob as I headed west.

The rest of the drive will be for another time.