 Lucy had taken her driving lessons a little later than most of her friends. She was eighteen and just about to go to university. That day was a sweltering day, the middle of a long, hot summer. Lucy was wearing as little as possible but was still sweating. She was shy and wasn't used to wearing short skirts and little tops but it was far too hot to be modest. The car was crawling through slow traffic in the high street when her instructor advised her to manoeuvre into the left lane and turn off. Lucy followed instructions and they found themselves on quieter roads.

"Nice to be out of that traffic, isn't it?" Her instructor, Ken, said. Lucy nodded and smiled and glanced over at him. It only took a glance to see that he was watching her carefully. Lucy was well aware that Ken enjoyed having young women as his students. 'Though it usually embarrassed her, today she found that she didn't care. He could watch, she knew that her young, lithe body looked good today.

They found a very quiet back street and Ken told her to execute a three point turn and then pull over, which Lucy did somewhat slowly but perfectly.

"Well done." Ken said and patted her on the thigh, leaving his hand there longer than needed. Whether it was the heat or not, Lucy would never be sure but she smiled at him, put her hand on his and squeezed. A look of pleasant surprise crossed Ken's face. Hesitantly he moved his fingers towards her inner thigh and began to stroke her leg. Lucy smiled again and made a purring noise in her throat. It felt good. Lucy's shyness, which had abandoned her for the moment, meant that she hadn't had much to do with boys. She wasn't a virgin any more but had only had awkward encounters with clumsy boys, as shy as she was. It was nice to feel an experienced man's hands on her. She took her own hand away as Ken's got closer to the hem of her skirt. His fingers began to explore underneath the fabric of her skirt, inching towards her most secret place.

"Are you alright?" Ken asked, softly.

"Yes!" Lucy breathed, willing his fingers to touch her where she was beginning to tingle. Ken watched as she tilted her head back and closed her eyes, enjoying the sensation of his fingers stroking her thigh. As his thumb stroked gently across her panties he heard her catch her breath and felt that she was already beginning to get wet. Lucy felt a tiny shock run through her even though it was only the lightest of touches to her groin. Ken again let his fingers lightly run over her panties, Lucy laughed softly at the electric sensation and ran her hands over her own breasts, noting that her nipples were solid and erect. Ken noticed as well. He pulled his hand out from under her skirt. Lucy opened her eyes and frowned. Ken was staring out the windscreen.

"Thank you, Miss Knowles. You can pull away now." Lucy, her hands shaking slightly did as she was asked. Ken's crisp directions took them to the edge of town. Lucy could feel her cheeks burning. She must have somehow upset him, or he didn't like her enough to do more. She felt certain she wouldn't have stopped him however far he wanted to go. She had been gagging for him to touch her everywhere, and she thought she had made that obvious, which made her feel like a horrible person but also had made her wetter than she'd ever been before.

By the time Ken told her to pull into a side road in Lillians Wood Lucy was beginning to believe that perhaps she'd imagined the whole thing, it was very hot and heat did funny things to your mind. Ken told her to turn the engine off, she did so and before the hum of the engine had even died down, Ken had ripped off his seat belt, plunged one hand under her skirt and the other under her top. Lucy yelped with surprise and then groaned with pleasure as his hand pulled and twisted her nipples while his other yanked her panties over her hips and threw them into the foot-well. Ken tugged her top up so he could see her young, firm breasts being massaged fiercely. He couldn't help himself but reached down and took one of her nipples between his teeth, pleased that she hissed at the pain and groaned at the pleasure all at the same time. Lucy pinned in her seat, couldn't believe how much she was enjoying this dirty little encounter.

"What would you like me to do, Miss Knowles?" Ken asked, his voice just as level and calm as it had been during her driving lesson, if slightly muffled by her breasts.

"Touch me." She panted.

"I am already touching you." He pointed out, tugging at her nipple to demonstrate.

"Touch me there." She requested.

"Tell me where." Ken told her, "Tell me precisely, Miss Knowles."

"Down there." His hand was already on her thigh again, but he refused to move it up. He wanted to hear a dirty word in that clean, innocent young mouth.

"Not enough. Ask nicely where you would like me to touch you." Ken instructed her.

"Please will you touch my fanny?" She asked, Ken's hand didn't move, "Please, sir, won't you touch my fanny?" She repeated, his hand still didn't move but he did begin to nibble at her tits again, "Please, touch my cunt. Please, touch it." She begged. And then his hand moved. She yelped again as his hand cradled her already wet pussy. His fingers stroked over her making her groan, then yelp again as he thrust his thumb inside her. Ken sat up and watched as she began to pant and whimper as he pulled his thumb in and out of her tight, wet hole. He retracted his thumb and slowly shoved three of his fingers inside her. She groaned again and her breathing began to quicken. This young woman was pressing her hips against his hand, wanting him to make her cum. It was what he'd always fantasised about. Lucy was moving her hips now, wanting his fingers inside her more and more as she moaned and writhed in her seat, still strapped in by her seat belt. She felt like a whore but she was so turned on by it and could feel a wave of hot energy building up from her groin and up through her body.

Ken could see she was close to orgasm and he didn't want her to, just yet. Here by the side of the road was a waste of this slim young body. He removed his fingers and heard her make a noise of disappointment in her throat.

"Not yet." He told her, "Soon." He clicked her seat belt and it slid over her body. He gave her a few seconds to recover as he unzipped his pants, releasing a stiff erection, "Now I don't know if you've ever done this before but I'd like you to suck my cock." She glanced at him.

"I haven't..." She said.

"That's alright. Take your time." He assured her as if he was asking her to parallel park. He slipped his hand around the back of her neck and urged her towards him. She didn't need much encouragement. Slightly bashfully at first she slipped her mouth over his dick sucking noisily. He kept his hand on the back of her neck, guiding her to slowly and gradually take more of him into her mouth. He was pleased to hear that after a while even she was beginning to groan and moan. Feeling this young, hot mouth around his penis was making him grunt and he realised that he was going to cum very soon. He guided her to slide up and down faster and faster, but instinct had taken over and she was already sucking and gobbling at his cock urgently. When the explosion began inside him he grabbed her neck and pulled her up cumming all over her face with a shout. He let her go and sat back, tucking himself in. She sat back too and went to wipe her face.

"No, Miss Knowles, I'd like you to stay like that for the moment. You can put your underwear back on though" She nodded, dropped her hand and wriggled back into her knickers, "Now, we're going to continue this somewhere else if that's okay with you?" Lucy nodded. Ken stepped out of the car and walked around the bonnet watching the eighteen year old watch him, he was old enough to be her father but he knew she wanted him to make her cum like thunder. He opened her door, "I'll drive." He told her. He watched as she stepped out, her long, tanned legs shaking slightly. He couldn't resist grabbing her as she straightened and locking his lips on to hers, exploring her mouth with his tongue. He reached around and grabbed her arse pulling her against him roughly and pressing harder against her mouth. When he let her go she was shaking even more, "Get in, then." She nodded, wordlessly and walked around the car.

He drove away as soon as she was in her seat. They drove in silence for a while, then Ken thought he should double check that he wasn't taking advantage of the girl.

"You know what's going to happen next, don't you, Miss Knowles?" He asked her.

"Yes." She replied.

"What's going to happen next?"

"Are you going to shag me?" Ken laughed softly, at her nervousness.

"Would you mind that?" She shook her head, "Are you a virgin?" She shook her head again, "Did you enjoy it before?" She shrugged. Ken remembered his first few sexual encounters, they hadn't been as erotic as he'd always envisioned, probably the same was true of Lucy, "Well, I've got good news for you, Miss Knowles." She raised her eyebrows questioningly, "I'm going to fuck you senseless." He laughed again as she blushed. It didn't take long until he was pulling into his driveway. He pressed the remote, opened the garage and drove inside. He wasn't keen for his neighbours to see him escort one of his students inside. He had no significant other to worry about but his neighbours would talk and he preferred to keep his business to himself. He turned off the engine, walked around the car and opened Lucy's door. He held out his hand to help her out, which she accepted bashfully.

"It's going to be fine." He assured her.

"I know." She agreed.

He led her into the house through the kitchen, offered her a glass of wine which she declined. He got as far as the hallway and couldn't restrain himself any longer. He pushed her up against the wall and shoved his tongue down her throat, running his hands over her, feeling her hips and breasts and stomach. He grabbed her hair and pulled her head backwards so he could see her. He ran his finger down her cheek feeling his cum dried on her face.

"You dirty little girl." He whispered to her, "Cum on your face." She smiled, "Do you like being called a dirty little girl, Miss Knowles?" He asked.

"Yes." She whispered.

"Then I will treat you like one." He told her, then yanked her top over her head, releasing her tits and taking a moment to savour them before grabbing her wrist and pulling her towards the stairs, she kicked off her sandals at the bottom step as he urged her up the stairs ahead of him. He stopped her halfway up them and told her to bend over. She did so and he lifted her skirt up over her back and pulled her knickers down to her ankles. With the girl on a higher step than he was, her rounded arse was at eye level. He grabbed it in both hands, enjoying the view then slapped her a few times, hearing her yelps and seeing wetness start to run down from her thighs.

"You want it don't you, Miss Knowles?"

"Yes." She replied, already panting with pleasure. Ken smiled, she was going to beg for it, he just knew it. He pushed her onwards up the stairs, watching the long legs step out of her pants. She clambered into the bedroom at the top of the stairs and turned around to wait for him. He entered more slowly undoing his belt and unzipping his trousers.

"You're keen." He said, approvingly. She smiled and, as if to prove it, removed her skirt so she stood naked in front of him. He let his eyes drift over her supple young body, dropping his trousers and stepping out of them, "What do you want, Miss Knowles?" He asked.

"You know." She said, starting to blush again. Ken was delighted to see that the blush continued down to her chest.

"Yes, I know." He agreed, removing his t-shirt, "But I want you to tell me what you want."

"I want you to shag me." She said. He pulled her towards him, holding her naked body against his and kissing her neck.

"Not good enough." He whispered, "Tell me what you want."

"I want you to..." She groaned as his hands ran down towards her butt, "I want a fuck."

"Go on." He urged her. He wanted to hear her beg for it and she knew it.

"Please fuck me." She panted, "I want you to fuck me."

"Get on the bed, Miss Knowles." He instructed her. Eagerly, she climbed on to the bed and was disappointed to see that he didn't immediately follow. She knew that she had to beg more, play the act that she was relishing.

"Please, sir." She continued, "I want you inside me." He nodded encouragingly, stroking his cock absent-mindedly, "Please, fuck me."

Her pussy was throbbing with anticipation, had been ever since he'd first touched her. She wanted to be fucked so badly, she was happy to act desperate and horny and dirty. It didn't take much acting, she felt dirty, she'd never felt more horny and she was desperate to feel a cock inside her. She said as much to Ken and he took a step towards the bed, instructing her to continue, "I want you to fill me up, please, sir. I want you in my pussy." Ken smiled and leaned over the bed, looming over her, forcing her to lie back.

"Go on." He said.

"Please, fuck me, please." Lucy really was begging now, she could feel fluid dripping on to her thighs, "I want your cock in me, please." Ken nodded, hooked his arms under her knees and pushed her legs up, looking down at her pussy spread before him, dripping wet. He raised her eyebrows at her and she carried on begging for it. She wanted it bad, she wanted him to fuck her like the dirty little girl she was, she was almost visibly trembling with horniness.

"Please," Lucy begged, "Please fuck me, please, fuck me, please." She continued repeating it, like a mantra, closing her eyes and resting her head back. Ken figured she'd pleaded for a fuck enough and gave it to her. He guided the tip of his cock towards her hole and Lucy continued her mantra but her voice tightened and increased in volume. He stroked her pussy with his cock, hearing her gasp and stutter her mantra as he caught her swollen g-spots. Then in one swift movement he was inside her. Lucy yelled wordlessly and then continued to beg him to fuck her harder and faster. Ken was now willing to do as she begged, feeling her tightness around his cock. Lucy was overcome with the sensation of a dick filling her and a man masterfully fucking her. Ken began to groan as Lucy's mantra tumbled into wordlessness and a hot wave started to build and flow through her. His balls banged against her arse and he grunted and urged her on as she writhed and shouted beneath him. Lucy could barely breathe as the orgasm crashed and swelled around her and she gasped as Ken slammed his cock into her hard a few more times as she trembled in the moment and then pulled out and came all over her stomach. Ken collapsed on top of her while they both caught their breath. Lucy had never felt anything like that and wanted to feel it again and again. Ken must have read her mind because he raised himself on to his elbows and grinned at her.

"If you're a good girl and ask nicely maybe we'll do that again."