 "Are you sure you have my present?" I heard from the bedroom behind me as I carried my suitcase out to the car.

"Yes, dear," I replied pretending irritation, "I have checked 3 times this morning, and the box has been in the same place I put it last night each time." 

"Sorry, I just don't want you to forget it," Jackie answered as she followed me out with her own suitcase. 

The present she referred to was the pair of diamond earrings I had bought for her 2 weeks previously when we were on our island vacation. I had told her then to consider them a Christmas gift, and now that Christmas was only 2 days away, I had told her that they would need to be wrapped and placed under the tree to make them an official gift. Jackie had protested a bit, but in the end she relented. 

"I will feel naked without them." she had claimed.

"I remember you naked with them." I replied, "It will only be a couple of days." 

We were going to her parent's home in Wilmington for the Christmas holidays, and I told her that she would get the gift on Christmas morning. She would need to look sufficiently surprised when she opened the box in front of her parents. I was really just giving her a hard time, I knew she had not taken them out except for a couple of cleanings since the day I got them for her. She played along, but really did want to get them back into her ears as soon as possible. 

I had decided that I would go with her, not that I really had a choice. I did not let Jackie know that I had made the decision shortly after she first asked me, I let her 'convince' me with a few extra blow jobs, some quality time in the shower together, really just things we might do anyway, but it was all part of the game. My own parents had committed to spending Christmas in upstate New York with my sister and her family. I loved my family, but spending a week or more with the 7 of them while possibly snowbound was not something I looked forward to. I would catch up with them sometime in the near future, just like every other year. 

We finished loading the car, and got started. I was driving the challenger and was looking forward to a nice road trip. I had owned the car for almost 2 years, but with the first year dedicated to restoration and the next just local driving, this would be the first chance I had to get it out on the open road. The forecast had been for chilly temperatures, but mostly sunny conditions across the state. The 300 or so miles would take about 6 hours, so I decided to take the first shift behind the wheel, then Jackie would drive the final segment to her parents home. Once I cleared the town proper, the highway was lightly congested and I was able to pick up the pace. Coming to a long, straight section, I took a quick look around for local law enforcement, and then opened up the engine, giving those 3 carburetors the full benefit of cool air and fuel. The speed quickly passed the century mark and we were fast passing any few slower cars in the right lane. Jackie and I each enjoyed the feeling of power, and this was fun. Maybe that 6 hour estimate might be a bit much. 

I did decide that prudence dictated a more modest speed and we were back to 10 over the posted limit shortly. The ride was going well and we spent time talking about memories of Christmas past. Occasionally, a car would come up and the occupants would look, wave or give thumbs up as they checked out the car. Some would rev their engine, hoping for a speed contest, but those we ignored, choosing to obey the laws. About 4 hours into the trip, the gas tank and our own stomachs were getting empty, so we got off the highway and found a place to eat. Once the growling in our stomachs was satisfied, the car received its own fill, then Jackie took over driving duties and we continued on. I kidded that I did not mind more seat time, but Jackie told me any seat time for me would be on the passenger side. As we got closer to our destination, Jackie was more familiar with the roads that she had ridden on growing up, so perhaps it was good that she was driving. The lunch stop had added another hour to our estimate, and we arrived at her parent's home shortly before 4. 

Jackie pulled into the driveway and shut off the engine. We got out, stretched a bit, and then turned to face her parents who had come out to greet us when they saw us arrive. Jackie's father was a big man, not really tall, but solid and muscular. He owned a small construction company, and had spent most of his life outside doing physical labor. Her mother was shorter and petite, but Jackie told me not to let her size and appearance fool me, she was tough as nails and could swear like a truck driver if necessary. She did the bookkeeping and office duties for the construction company. Jackie gave her mother a hug, then her father before introducing me to Davis and Antoinette, Dave and Toni to their friends. Before she could speak, her father looked at the car and commented, "This doesn't look like that piece of crap you were driving last time you were here." 

Toni turned to him and said, "Don't start teasing her, Dave. You know how much she loves that car." 

Jackie piped up, "the car is in the garage, and Steve will be painting it in a few weeks." 

Her father looked at me, and then said, "So, you work in a body shop? Jackie said you were in computers." 

Jackie was ready to jump in and defend me, but before she could speak, and why I said it I don't know, I responded, "Actually, I'm a gigolo. Jackie just keeps me around as her boy toy." 

Dave cracked up at this, and Jackie stood there with a look on her face that said "I don't believe you just said that!" 

Toni again chastised her husband, "Dave, you shouldn't be teasing them" 

Dave responded "Me? He started it." 

With my rapier like wit, I countered, "Did not!" 

Her father stopped laughing long enough to answer "Did so!" 

We were both standing there laughing like crazy, Jackie trying to say something, but the words would not come out. Her mother moved next to her and putting her arm around Jackie's shoulder, said, "Jacqueline honey, you are in trouble. If he is this much like your father already, you are in big trouble!" She continued rubbing Jackie's shoulder, but with a big smile on her face. 

Soon things calmed down enough for Toni to suggest we get our things and go inside. My initial concern about meeting her parents had been that we might not get along until they knew me better, but that concern had disappeared now. Jackie had once again found the ability to speak, and was telling her parents about the trip and asking about goings on in their lives. As I brought our bags in, Toni directed me to put them into Jackie's old room, settling another concern we both had. One of my questions before agreeing to this trip had been sleeping arrangements. We had been living, and sleeping, together for about 5 months, but even Jackie wasn't sure how they would react, and would we have to sleep in separate bedrooms. Now the question was answered, and we could relax in that knowledge. Not sleeping together, whether sleeping or something more personal, neither of us liked being apart for any length of time. We really did not want to have to sneak around into each other's room at night if her parents separated us. 

After things had settled down, we sat in the living room to talk. The Christmas tree was decorated and there were some presents beneath it already. Toni plugged it in and the lights made a nice impression in the room as the outside light was fading fast. Dave asked us if we would like something to drink, and each chose a beer, as did he. Toni got herself a glass of apple cider and we talked about our lives for the next hour. By that time, we were getting hungry and the smell of food that had been cooking was starting to fill the house. Toni asked Jackie to help her in the kitchen, so I was left with Dave to keep me company. We did not have a lot in common to talk about, but found enough to keep things from getting too uncomfortable. Soon we were called to dinner, and went into the dining room to eat. 

Toni had cooked roast beef, mashed potatoes, rolls and various vegetables. Starting to eat, I discovered where Jackie had gotten her cooking talents, the food was really good. Our conversation had slowed as we ate, but I took the time to compliment Jackie's mother on an excellent meal. Jackie added her own congratulations, saying she had forgotten just how good home cooking could be. Toni beamed at the compliments, and told us to fill our plates again. I guess all mothers must feel obligated to have their children overeat. 

After coffee and some homemade apple pie, we again retired to the living room to talk for a bit. Tomorrow was Christmas Eve day but we had no particular plans. However, since we had been up early and on the road for a long time, Jackie and I decided to call it an early evening and excused ourselves for bed. Toni added that she and Jackie's father would not be far behind. 

Inside Jackie's childhood bedroom, we stripped down, me to my boxers and Jackie to the bikini panties she favored, then climbed into bed. The bed was a queen, slightly smaller than the king we had at home, but moving close together, we had plenty of room. Jackie whispered, "I think they like you!" 

"That takes a load off my mind." I kidded. 

"I really wanted them to like you. I was worried that they might think you were going to steal me away from them." 

"Me? If they are worried, I can let them have you back any time." making Jackie laugh. 

We heard them moving toward their own room and Jackie shushed me, saying that she didn't want them to hear us. Lying there quietly, I pulled Jackie up onto me, and then started kissing her. 

"What are you doing??" 

"The same thing we do every night. Have you forgotten so quickly?" 

"What if they hear us?" 

I answered, "I guess they have figured out we might be fooling around, we have been living together for a while now." 

Jackie seemed embarrassed, saying "I just don't want them to hear us doing it." 

"OK, don't make any noise!" I kissed her again, stifling any further objections. Jackie was still hesitant, but started to warm up as time passed and we didn't hear any more movement in the house. One of our concerns before coming here had been not being able to make love and that was something neither of us wanted to face. Now, Jackie was worrying that we might be found out. 

I had bounced on the bed a bit as we got in, and didn't hear any strange squeaks, so felt that some care would be needed, but no other reason not to have some fun existed. I scooted down until I could reach far enough to remove her panties and then turned to get my face into position to eat her pussy. I knew she still had some reservations, but as I started probing with my tongue, I felt them melt away. She was humping my face with her pussy, it had been a full 24 hours since we had done this. She had also removed my boxers and was putting her mouth to good use, drawing my cock into it and giving me a good feel of her tongue and lips. I pushed the pleasurable feelings of my cock into the back of my mind, a talent I had developed in order to give most of my attention to making Jackie feel every bit of her own pleasure. I started with small licks and kisses, moving my mouth over her entire pussy, and then closing in on the lips, then the clit. This was the spot that gave her the most sensitive stimulation, and I knew from experience that working that little bud would bring her off faster than anything else I could do. I really was not in a hurry, but I wanted to make her feel good, then once the initial sexual release had passed, we could fuck slowly and take our time. That was my plan, but things never seem to go the way one wants. 

Jackie was softly moaning and sighing, but I noticed she seemed to be holding back. I guessed she still had concerns about doing this with her parents in the next room. I wondered about her apprehensions, especially with some of the wilder things I had seen from her in the past months. This nervousness was making her climax take longer to arrive, although that might not be a bad thing. She was moaning as I continued my attention to her clit, my cock in her mouth helping to stifle the sounds of her pleasure. I worked on that hard clit for some time, and I was starting to wonder if she could actually come like this, worrying about mom and dad in the next room, although that concern did not seem to affect the way she was sucking my cock. 

After much longer than I would have expected, I felt the tensing of her legs around my head and knew her orgasm was on its way. I wasn't worried about her crying out, she had never been able to vocalize her pleasure with anything other than a primal, deep in the diaphragm scream that was almost soundless. I continued my attention to her clit as I felt the trembling in her body, and realized she had stopped sucking on me, but I was still firmly encased in that warm, wet mouth. I slowed my tongue action, moving more slowly and letting her climax run its course and then bring her slowly back to earth. She had started sucking again as soon as she found the energy, and I was just lying there feeling the touch of her tongue running up and down my rod. 

I pulled out of her mouth, a small sigh of protest as I removed my cock, then turned and got on top of her, preparing to enter. Jackie stopped me with "What are you doing?" They will certainly hear us." 

"What the hell?" You want to leave me here with an unsatisfied boner after I get you off?" 

Jackie thought a minute, and then offered, "Sorry. How about if you move up here, I will suck you off and you can come on my tits." 

It sounded like a good idea, but I couldn't see why that would be any different from pumping her pussy. I would be doing the same thing, just using another orifice. Well, finishing the blow job was better than nothing I thought as I moved into position. Jackie started with the tongue action right where she had left off, and soon I was pumping her face with abandon. I did try to contain my enthusiasm, not wanting to diminish her efforts with concerns that we might be making too much noise. I guess she started feeling guilty about almost leaving me hanging, she started sucking with enough suction I felt that she would draw the semen right out of me even if I did not climax. Soon, I stopped wondering if that would happen, I knew the end was in sight. I could feel the warm liquid quickly moving up my cock, still buried deep in Jackie's mouth. I knew she did not like the taste, and I also knew just how much she liked me coming all over her tits. I let her know the moment was near, and waiting until the last possible second, told her to grab hold and then my own climax was in full force as Jackie took my spurting cock and directed the hot jets first onto one tit then the other. She kept jacking me, milking every drop out and more. I could not take it much longer, but I had lost the ability to tell her that. Finally she let me go, and I dropped down onto the sticky wetness that covered her very nice breasts. Jackie asked if that was good enough, and I could only shake my head yes. She held me like that for a while, and then we parted, pulling our bodies apart that had become cemented together by my ejaculate. Sleep took over, and we both drifted off, tomorrow would be another day. 

*****

We awoke early, our normal 6 AM wake-up alarm now in our heads rather than on the table next to the bed. Jackie's parents were also early risers, we heard them moving around before we got out of bed. Jackie gave me a good morning kiss, and then again thanked me for agreeing to come with her for this visit. We needed showers, but separately. I am not sure how much hot water they had in this house, but Jackie was still nervous about showing any signs of sexual activity that her parents might pick up on. She took her shower first, and then I went in for mine. We dressed, and then went out to see what was for breakfast. Jackie had put on an old t-shirt and jeans, but I was still trying to impress, a little at least, so wore a button down shirt and khakis. Toni was working on a large pan full of bacon and eggs, but my eyes were drawn to the coffee brewing on the counter. I said I was first in line for a cup, and Jackie quickly claimed the second. The coffee finished shortly before the food, and we each had half a cup down by the time we got food on our plates. 

Toni asked if we had slept well, and Jackie jumped in almost immediately, "We slept like logs. I went out as soon as my head hit the pillow." 

I resisted the urge to call her a liar, but I just nodded in agreement. I saw her unobtrusively watching her mother for any signs she might have thought otherwise, but none was presented. Jackie appeared relieved at this, and soon we were eating and talking about plans for the day. Once again, the food was great and we left the table with our stomachs filled to capacity, Toni asking if we were sure we didn't want any more. 

Dave and Toni said they did not have any specific plans for today, so Jackie decided that she would take some time to show me around town, maybe stop to see an old friend or 2. We promised to be back before dinner, then Jackie took the keys and we headed out. 

Our first stop was the gas station. The car still had a bit under half a tank, but since today was Christmas Eve, I was unsure about getting gas later today or tomorrow if we needed to. Jackie pulled up to the pump and I got out to fill the tank. The young guy inside came out and whistling, said "Nice Car!" I thanked him for the compliment, but noticing his gaze, I realized that the car was a ploy to come out and get a better look at Jackie. She was still sitting in the car, checking her hair and make-up in the mirror, and did not notice the attention she was getting. I finished my task, and paid, getting into the car and smiling to myself as the station jockey looked sad to see us leave so soon. I had gotten used to the attention Jackie attracted, and it no longer bothered me that others checked her out. I knew she would come home to me each day, so a little jealousy wasn't doing anyone any good. 

Jackie drove around town, showing me the elementary school she attended, then the high school. We drove through the streets and saw the remnants of the last storm to hit, some of the buildings not yet repaired or torn down. I hadn't really thought about it, but located this close to the coast, storms were a real concern here. Jackie had not lived through a really bad one, but both her parents had been here for some pretty serious weather events. After a couple hours of rather random meandering, we ended up at the ocean. The weather today was nice, although cold. Still, the difference between what we watched in front of us now and what we had experienced several weeks earlier in the islands was quite dramatic. There the sea looked calm and inviting, here it was cold and foreboding. We just sat in the car for a while talking and reliving the island time. We left the beach and stopped for burgers and fries (must be a throwback to our original meeting) before heading back to Jackie's parents home. 

When we got back, the house was filled with the smell of freshly baked pumpkin pie and the sounds of Christmas carols from the stereo. I also noticed a few more gifts lying under the tree, but not expecting anything myself, didn't investigate who they might be for. Toni and Dave asked about our day, then we spent time reminiscing about holidays past. The rest of the afternoon passed quickly, and then Dave told us he was taking us out to dinner at an Italian restaurant owned by a good friend of his. Jackie went to change into something more appropriate for an evening out and we left for what ended up being a very nice dinner on Christmas Eve. Once dinner was done, Dave and Toni took us on a guided tour of some of the more decorated homes in town. 
