 The vibrator wasn't enough. The porn wasn't enough. Frustrated, Heidi closed her eyes and imagined the perfect man standing over her, his hard cock in position between her legs. He kissed her deeply, begging for entry. Finally, unable to control herself, Heidi wrapped one leg around his hips and she felt his—

The phone rang just then. Heidi groaned, annoyed.

She answered snappily, "Hello?"

"Hi. Is this Heidi?"

"Yeah." She recognized the deep, sexy baritone, but couldn't place who it was.

"It's Tyler. I live down the hall from you...?"

"Oh, hi!" said Heidi in a perkier voice. She regretted her earlier tone. She liked Tyler. Ever since he moved in two months ago, she wanted nothing more than a few minutes alone with him. 

"Hey," Tyler said, sounding relieved. "Am I interrupting you? I know it's kind of late."

"No, I'm not really doing anything. Just relaxing." Heidi turned away from her laptop and vibrator. "What's up?"

"Well, uh, I have a bottle of wine that I really want to open, but I didn't want to drink it by myself."

"Oh." 

"You said to drop by anytime, so I was wondering if this is a good enough excuse."

Heidi's smile stretched from ear to ear. When Tyler flirted, it was hard to say no.

"I think it's a great excuse," she said, already getting off the couch to clean up. "I've got wineglasses, so come by whenever you're ready."

"Great, I'll see you in a few."

Heidi managed to change her underwear, brush her hair, and put on some tinted lip balm just before Tyler knocked. She had hoped she'd get a chance to change into something sexier and classier, so she was almost embarrassed to answer the door wearing her nightgown, which only just about covered most of her lady-parts.

"Hi," she said with a smile when she opened the door. "Come in. I'm not really dressed for a visitor, so if you can wait for a couple of minutes..."

"No, you look great. I'm not either," Tyler said as he stepped in.

He wasn't being modest. Clad in a t-shirt and sweatpants, there was absolutely no hint that he had a rock hard body underneath. But then she gulped when she saw the faint outline of a bulge in his pants. She managed to drag her eyes up to his. There was a look of mischief in them. 

"Let me get the glasses," she said as she closed the door. "Set yourself up on the couch."

"Sure, after I get the wine open," he said, showing her a bottle of red and following her to the kitchen. 

As Heidi reached into a cupboard, Tyler came up behind her and casually touched her lower back, sending chills up her spine and down to her mound. 

"Is there a special occasion?" Heidi asked him as he worked on the bottle.

"Nah," Tyler answered with a smile and glanced sideways at her. "Do I need one to drink with a beautiful girl?"

Flattered, Heidi bit her lip to keep from grinning. "No, I guess not. Are you much of a wine drinker?"

"Not really, but I'm planning to get into it. There are classes and stuff. How about you?" He took the two glasses and filled them halfway.

"Not really. I'm more into beer and mixed drinks." Heidi secretly checked out his arms. They were veiny and muscular. She imagined his forearms pinning hers over her head while his other hand worked their way south and hovered just above her privates, teasing her. 

"I know my kind of drinks are low brow," she laughed lightly.

"Then we can be low brow together," Tyler said, winking at her as he handed her a glass. "A toast. To a memorable night?" 

Heidi's breath caught in her throat. There was only one way to interpret that.

She smiled the sexiest way she knew how and tossed her hair over her shoulder. "To a memorable night." 

They clinked glasses and took their first sip. The wine was sweeter than she expected. It went down smoothly and warmed her stomach right away.

"That's some good stuff," Heidi said, swishing her drink.

Tyler agreed. "Let's sit down?"

"Yeah, we should." Heidi put a little sway in her walk as she led him to the couch, knowing that he would be looking. Her silk nightgown hugged her curves in the right way. But it was also short. She suspected that a hint of her ass cheeks in her panties might be visible already. 

Tyler settled himself on one end of the couch, his package more visible after sitting down. Heidi sat in the middle seat.

"So what music do you like?" Heidi asked him. She grabbed the remote for her docking station as she folded her legs under her. 

"Rock. Seventies and eighties era. Like Black Sabbath and Aerosmith. You know those guys?"

"I've heard of them," Heidi said, "but I don't keep them on my playlist, sorry." She grinned as she put on slow, sexy R&B. "This is more my type."

Tyler cocked his ear to listen to the sensual intro and raised an eyebrow to mean he approved. "This is very suggestive, Miss Stream."

Heidi lifted her up her shoulders and smiled cutely. "If you don't like it, Mister Harmon, we can put on Broadway musicals. Or classical music, maybe? These are your only choices."

"I didn't say suggestive was bad. But you can't blame me if I get excited." Tyler gestured towards his lap, where there was now the unmistakeable outline of his hard-on. He was longer and thicker than Heidi had ever imagined.

"I want you to get excited," Heidi said as she slapped his thigh playfully. She pretended to adjust her position as she arched her back and thrust her breasts out, her large nipples outlined on her nightgown. She sighed almost dramatically while rotating her right shoulder.

"Everything okay?" Tyler asked her.

"I have a crick on my shoulder. Desk jobs," she lamented. 

"Ah." Tyler took Heidi's drink from her and put their glasses on the table. "Turn around. I know a thing or two about smoothing out cricks."

She did as told. "Really? How?"

"I'm a sports therapist," he said as he moved closer to her.

"So you're a doctor?"

"My patients do call me that," he answered as he gathered her long hair and put it over her left shoulder. His touch was electric and gave Heidi goosebumps.

"You nervous?" he teased her as he ran a finger along the back of her neck. 

"No," Heidi lied. She was slightly worried about doing or saying anything to turn him off. But all her concerns went out the door when he started to massage her shoulder. 

"That feels really good, doctor," she said.

"'Doctor'?" Tyler laughed. "Are we being formal now?"

"You don't like it, doctor?" 

"I really kind of don't. Feels wrong to be touching a patient like this." He hooked a finger under one of her nightgown straps and pulled it down. 

Heidi's privates started to throb. She glanced at him over her bared shoulder. "I don't think doctors are supposed to do that."

"There's a long list of things I'm not supposed to do to patients." Tyler pulled down the other strap. "By the way, this is going to cost you."

That snapped Heidi out of it. "Is it? How much?" 

Tyler's hands found their way under her nightgown and around her waist. As one moved around to her stomach, the other cupped one of her breasts. "I want the rest of the night," he whispered in her ear.

Heidi inhaled sharply. "Mm-hmm." 

"And," Tyler moved his hand lower to her clit, "I want to do anything to you." 

Heidi gasped. Without thinking about it, she grinded against his fingers. Tyler nibbled on her earlobe as he circled her throbbing button. 

"You're really fucking wet," he said as he pulled away completely.

"No, don't stop," Heidi protested. She turned to see him getting up from the couch, trying and failing to look innocent. His wicked smile was too visible.

"I'm going to get water. Do you want some—" 

Heidi didn't wait for him to finish. She grabbed his waistband with one hand and grabbed his dick with the other, loving its turgidity and the way it was lay against his body. Tyler swore under his breath loud enough for Heidi to hear.

"Shirt. Off," Heidi commanded him. 

Wordlessly, Tyler obeyed, revealing a body that looked like it was carved out of marble: wide shoulders and a narrow waist, with arms that could wrestle her onto any position he wanted. He had small areolas, light brown and topped with small, hardened nipples. They looked perfect for licking.

The thought of being pinned under his body sent shivers through Heidi. 

"Let's go somewhere more comfortable," she said. 

She took him by the hand and led him to her bedroom. But before they reached it, Tyler pushed her up against the wall and kissed her deeply, his tongue forcing entry rather than asking for it. Heidi met him thrust for thrust and was so intent on dominating that she didn't notice her nightgown had been pulled down to a pool around her feet, leaving her full, perky breasts exposed to his hands. He palmed them possessively, running both thumbs across her hardened nipples. Heidi yelped when he pinched one of them, partly from the pain and partly from the pleasure that shot down to her crotch.

His hands wandered down her sides, grasped her tiny waist, and continued down to her hips. He caressed them briefly before moving on towards her butt. After cupping her cheeks, he pulled them apart, making Heidi moan in anticipation. Encouraged, Tyler pulled one of her legs around him and aligned himself with her. 

"Bed," Heidi said, breaking their kiss. 

"Why not here?" Tyler asked. He rubbed the sensitive spot just under her ass, at the very top of her thighs. It tickled and aroused Heidi at the same time. 

"If you insist." 

Heidi unwrapped herself around him and forced Tyler against the wall in her stead. As she knelt before him, she pulled down his sweatpants and underwear in one go, revealing the thickest cock Heidi had ever seen. 

"Fuck," was all she could say. Although Tyler was of average length, she didn't think she could fit him in her mouth with that girth. But she would try.

He was already purple at the tip, so Heidi gave him a lick there, tasting the salty precum that had already gathered. Tyler moaned as he watched her through hooded eyes. Heidi could just barely wrap her hand around his cock. She pumped him once to see how he would react. His hand twitched as if to grab her, either by the hair to pull her closer or by the arm to stand up and fuck, but he stopped himself. 

Satisfied, Heidi licked and sucked his balls enthusiastically as she jacked him off. She ran the tip of her tongue from the base to the tip before swallowing his head, enjoying the feel of something so warm and hard in her mouth. 

"I like it wet," Tyler said. "I don't care about being clean."

Heidi looked at him, eyes crinkled into the best smile she could manage. She hated being clean with blowjobs. 

One, two, three times Heidi took him in her mouth, an inch more than before, and she kept at it until his cock reached the back of her throat and made her gag. She barely made it halfway.

"Um," she said. "I don't think..."

"I don't care if I hear you gag," Tyler said. He grabbed all her hair behind her head. "But use your hands if it's easier."

Heidi nodded. She used her saliva on his dick to lube up the rest of him with her hand. Then she sucked him repeatedly until he ended up taking control and fucking her mouth. Her hands tightened around his cock to keep some form of control. 

Just when she could feel his entire length pulsating, he pulled out of her hand completely. 

"Bed," Tyler said, pulling Heidi up by her arms. 

He followed her into the bedroom, watching the way her heart-shaped ass moved when she walked. Ever since they first met, he wondered how she looked without clothes on. It turned out the real thing was better than his imagination. Her skin was smooth and supple, with a sprinkle of freckles on her shoulders and back where the sun had been on her. Even her legs were longer than he thought. Now he wondered how tightly they would wrap around him when the time came.

As soon as they entered the bedroom, he was on her. He couldn't resist kissing her lips, now red and plump from working on him so much. His hands were everywhere—her hair, her shoulders, her breasts, her waist, her thighs. He lay her on the bed and pulled off her panties, revealing a shaved mound, her swollen clit peeking out from between her lips. It made him pause.

While he rubbed himself one hand, he parted her slit with the other, which made Heidi squirm and try to close her legs. 

"No," he said, gently prying her open. Heidi bit her lip and spread her legs farther apart. She could feel her warm juices flowing down to her ass.

He bent down over her sex and inhaled deeply, her scent so sweet and primal. He licked her from her pussy to her clit, flicking her twice at the top. She even tasted sweet. 

Heidi gasped a little and moved closer to Tyler's mouth. His tongue felt good—rough, but soft, and it hit just the spot that made all her privates ache in a good way. She wanted him to keep doing that forever. 

But Tyler had other things in mind. With both hands, he spread her lips and observed how smooth and pink she was, her wetness making everything glisten by her bedside lamp. To think that the same stuff would soon cover him, too...

He licked her once more, then dove his tongue right into her opening. She was small and tight even now. He tongue-fucked her for a few seconds before pulling out. Then using his index and middle fingers, he went right back in. Involuntarily, Heidi cried out of pleasure and bucked against him. 

Tyler watched her face, taken in by how visibly aroused she was. He put his tongue against her clit and started rubbing her very lightly while fucking her with his fingers. 

Heidi swore under her breath. His touch was so light, yet it spread heat all over her. 

"More," she said. "Put in three."

So Tyler did. As Heidi moaned, he could feel more of her wetness surrounding his fingers and dripping down to her bed. He had to have her.

"Harder," Heidi said.

"No," Tyler told her, pulling out. 

"'No'?" 

He climbed on top of her then, nudging her legs farther apart with his knees. Heidi was almost quivering, partly from fear of his size and partly from her need to orgasm. 

"It's okay, baby," he said, aligning himself with her opening. He kissed her just before he entered, hoping to distract her.

Heidi felt herself stretched beyond her limit—and it was only his head. It was enough to make her tear up and groan through Tyler's kisses. The worst part was that, despite it all, it felt really good. 

Tyler lifted up her right leg and wrapped it around him to make it easier for her. He kissed her neck and ears instead, knowing she was more sensitive there. He entered her slowly and only a little at a time, coating himself with her wetness. Each thrust made Heidi cry out, but by the fifth time, she was doing it purely out of pleasure. Soon, he was sliding in and out of her with ease and he had to do everything in his power to keep from finishing.

"Harder," Heidi begged him. 

"I'll come too soon." He kissed her.

"I don't care. We have the rest of the night, don't we?"

Tyler looked at her then, surprised that she would hold him to it. Not that he was complaining.

"What if I said I want to take my time?"

"Screw that," Heidi said, and she pushed him away from her. Then she got on her elbows and knees and looked at him from behind. "Do me this way."

Tyler took in the most sensual sight he'd seen in a long time. It was all soft curves and exposed flesh just waiting for him to take, but there was something about the vulgarity of her legs spread apart and the gaping hole his dick left in her pussy that made his animal instinct stronger than anything else. 

Without a second thought, Tyler grabbed her by the hips and plunged in. Heidi clenched around him tighter than she did before, causing Tyler to pause for a second. When he started pumping, his balls slapped her clit and his pubis pounded her asshole. Heidi was in high heaven. All she could do was cry out as he repeatedly impaled her on him. She hardly heard the smacking sounds they made against each other.

Tyler reached for her left shoulder as he cupped her right breast. He pinched and pulled her nipples. Suddenly, he was right on top of her, his left hand supporting himself while a finger on his other hand roughly rubbed her. It wasn't long before Heidi felt that familiar sucking motion inside her, a kind of wave that began in her clit and moved towards her pussy—insistent, urgent, and unstoppable. Tyler groaned when he felt her tighten around his cock again and pulled out to cum all over her back as he watched her pussy contract, seemingly empty and hungry.

Heidi collapsed onto her bed with a heavy, satisfied sigh. Tyler laughed. 

"Sorry about your back," he said. "Let me get you a towel." 

"No, don't," Heidi said. "Shower. You're coming with me."