 It was a glorious summer day, white iris' everywhere, ribbons and balloons. The golden ball of light in the sky was sparkling in the pool reflecting over everyone's faces. The birds were chirping, and there was a slight breeze dancing in the trees, playing with everyone's hair. Today was a day of love and romance for it was the wedding of our good friends Leah and Troy.

Rick had invited Stacy, his old high school flame years ago, to enjoy this wonderful event. Rick and Stacy had reunited last year and became good friends over the Internet and phone with the occasional flirting, but nothing too serious, at least not that they let on. Secretly, Stacy was extremely attracted to Rick, and wanted to pursue a more than platonic relationship. However, she has a fear that whoever she gets too serious with, she will loose. Her attraction to him was too magnetic, her stomach flitted with butterflies every time she would sneak a peak at Rick, or brush her skin against his nice body.

The day was turning into evening, the sun resting in the hills, setting a nice toasted sky. Rick and Stacy had been dancing all day, listening to their own music playing in their head. She would look up to Rick's hazel eyes, and become intoxicated by his beauty. His lips begged to be kissed, but she had not done that in years, and she was afraid if she did, she would be unable to stop there. For the rest of the evening, she had her arms wrapped around his waste, head leaning on his chest, with her eyes closed. There could have been air raid sirens going off and she would not have known. 

The reception was dying off and they were the last ones left, oblivious to their surroundings, when Leah comes up and taps them on the shoulder "Hey guys, uh, the club is closing and we kind of need to leave." 

Startled, Rick replies, "Oh sure, I'm sorry, I did not realize how late it was." 

Leah just smiled at the two, and whispered into Stacy's ear, "You know that he really likes you, and you guys make a cute couple, why don't you come to the hotel with us, and then you could have the limo for the night." 

Stacy's face just lit up and agreed. Rick thought this was a great idea and followed along, excited at the chance to be alone for once with Stacy.

The four of them enjoyed the luxury of the limo, drinking champagne and seeing the city, but the newlyweds were all over each other, making Rick and Stacy a little uncomfortable and full of sexual tension. The happy couple said their good byes, and now they were left alone, just them, the champagne, and a limo. 

"It is nice to see them so happy, I hope they make it work out, love can be so wonderful, wouldn't you agree Rick?"

"Yes, they do look happy, I miss that feeling, remember how we were back when we were young and in love, oooh the good old days."

Stacy smiled in reflection of their past memories, hours of kissing and holding each other, sitting out at night, just staring at the stars in each others arms while time swept by. "I Wanna Know", by Joe started playing on the radio, and Rick and Stacy just glared at each other, in their memories of this song. Rick poured another glass of champagne for Stacy and she decided to be bold and scoot over and sit in Rick's strong arms. This was nice and comfortable. But her body was starting to tingle all over again at being so close to his body again. She could smell his alluring cologne, Pleasures. She was starting to get turned on. Her legs curled up under her feet, making her black dress ride up to mid thigh. Rick was a little shocked to when he noticed that she was wearing black stockings with a garter belt. This turned him on. 

He jokingly told her, "I see London, I see France, I see Stacy's underpants." 

This embarrassed her a little bit, but she came back with a wicked smile "What, you afraid of a little leg, I thought you had control, remember?" 

"I do, I have control, there's nothing you can do that would make me loose it either." He raspily replied in a joking voice.

"Oh reallllyyy," she says in a seductive voice, "well I bet you five bucks that I can make you loose yourself tonight."

"Just make sure you have the money honey!" he laughs.

Stacy snuggles in a little closer and places her hand on his left thigh. The smooth material of his tux makes it easy to glide along. Stacy is bit bubbly from the champagne, but that doesn't ruin her determination. She starts softly kissing the back of his neck, tracing her tongue over his ear, with some playful biting. 

She moans into his ear, "I know we have always talked about doing this on the computer, but now it's all coming true, and I am more excited at the thought of sucking your cock." 

This immediately sent shivers down his body, awakening his cock. Her hand starts to roam and explore more of his masculine body; she brings one leg over his, and gently starts to grind back and forth. By now his hands are taking over, and he slips his hands up her dress, realizing that she is wearing no panties. She lets out another moan as his hands find their way up her thigh. Now they are rocking back and forth to the rhythm of the slow music in the background. Without his realizing it, Stacy had unzipped his pants to free his pulsing cock; there was a little bit of pre-cum glistening it. Her thumb gently rubs over the cum and spreads it over his head making it all moist and sticky.

In a hungry voice, she begs him to touch her breast. His hand slips down her dress and starts massaging her milky white breast. They are not that big, but not too small, about a C cup he is guessing. He tilts his head down and flicks his tongue over her little pink nubs until they get hard. Her hands are starting to massage his cock. He glazes into her beautiful face studying the whisper of freckles covering her skin, the lights of the stars sparkling in her hazel eyes. They know there is no use trying to hold back. Their lips come together in a romantic embrace. The memories start flooding back; she has not been kissed like that since they last kissed, nine years ago. What was starting out to be a simple sexual bet, was turning into more passion. They decide by now to roll up the window so the driver will not see them.

Stacy starts unbuttoning his shirt to view his chest. Her fingers ran through his chest hair, circling around his nipples, tasting them with her wet mouth. He pulls his neck back in pleasure, looking down to see her auburn hair next to his chest. 

Oh man does he want her, but he must resist, not because of the five bucks, but because he doesn't want to make her feel bad when she can't make him cum. No woman has ever been able to satisfy his thick 8 ½ cock without fucking it. He knew it wouldn't happen. But it was so tempting to let her try. He decided to enjoy this just a little bit longer before he stopped her.

Stacy kisses her way down to his stomach, kissing his belly and plays with the hairs that lead beneath his silk boxers. She can smell his aroma of manhood and she is hungry for it. But she will hold out for a little bit longer; she climbs out of his arms and sits on her knees on the floor of the limo. She gazes up to his eyes from between his legs, grabs his pants with her teeth, and pulls them down.

Her soft pink tongue kisses the inside of his thighs, sucking on the sensitive skin while her hands are playing with his nipples. His rod is getting harder and his head is getting bigger. Her hands again start to massage around his cock, making special attention not to touch it. She goes in deeper and licks his balls getting them nice and wet, and gently blows her hot breath on them. Lifting them up, she starts to lick the skin below. Rick's body tenses up as waves of pleasure take over his body. 

"Relax" she tells him, "I won't hurt you." I only want to make you feel good, you deserve to feel this pleasure for once."

He submits himself to her now, not wanting to hold back anymore. Her tongue licks up from under his balls, over them and all the way up his shaft to his head. It was as if she was sucking on one big lollipop. Her hot mouth felt so good on it. It had been over a year since a woman has sucked his cock. He had forgotten how good it could feel. She grabbed the base of his rod, her fingers not even touching over his thickness. Her mouth stretches over his large head and her tongue starts roaming under the lips of his head while her head turns in circles. 

Rick frees her red hair from its clip and it cascades over his legs. Her hair is so soft and smells of cherry almond. He takes a nice whiff of it, and he can also smell how wet her pussy is. He plays with her head as she is sucking and groping his cock, occasionally forcing her down a little deeper. She switches back and forth between sucking and pumping his cock, to kissing him and playing with his body.

Her hand slides down between her legs and finds their way to her clit. Rick can hear how wet she is and wants to feel for himself, but is unable to move, her mouth has him paralyzed in ecstasy. Knowing that he wants in on the action, she sticks her fingers in her pussy and brings them to his lips. Slowly he devours her fingers, tasting the sweet nectar, he wanted more…..needed more….and was going to get more. 

Things are going so fast and her head is spinning with lovely intoxication, she decides to stop for a while, to compose herself and stands up in the limo, sticking her head and arms out of the sunroof. This is his grand opportunity to return the torture she was doing to him.

His hands caress their way up her black stockings, over the garters finding her pussy covered in short red curly hair. His thumb rubs over her pussy, getting her juices and running it over her clit. Her pussy lips are swollen with desire, begging to be teased. His fingers massage her clit and his other hand massages her round plump ass. 

Stacy is in utter desire, her legs are wobbly and she can not stand, but damn it feels so good. She has had a few guys eat her pussy, but never like this, not with such delicacy, love and skill. He sucks on her clit still it gets hard and sticks his long fingers into her pussy trying to find that nice little g-spot. Still standing, she opens her legs little bit more to grant him more access. Her body is starting to slip out of control and starts grinding into his tongue. His large tongue was like silk over her clit, taking her into another world. He can feel her spasiming inside and feels the gush of her juices all over his hand, she is starting to shake and moan very loudly. 

She drops to the floor, pushes him into the seat, and greedily devours his cock. Her mouth is sucking him off something fierce, pumping him wildly. Her hand cupping his balls, gently squeezing them. She feels them getting fuller and his head getting larger, knowing he is bout to shoot his load. Her hand tightens the grip at the base of his cock to prolong his orgasm; she is not done with him yet. 

Her free hand grabs the bucket of champagne and pours it over his throbbing cock…. "OOOh that's cold!" he cries, as his body tenses up.

Her pouty mouth licks it all of, warming it up again. She again grabs the bucket, knowing what is to come, he closes his eyes awaiting the champagne. But to his amazement, she has placed an ice cube in her mouth and started to suck his cock again. The combination of cold and hot drives him nuts, his body is starting to jerk, sounds of pleasure and agony are escaping his mouth, and finally, yes finally, he feels the pressure again in his balls. He starts fucking her face, his hips grinding as fast as he can. Oh Stacey is enjoying this. She knows he is about to cum and this time she lets him, so she pumps him faster and faster, and tightens her mouth on him. The first squirt of cum hits the back of her throat causing her to gag a little, there is so much that she opens her mouth and some of it spills out onto her naked breast. His body is quivering from orgasm and needs to stop. She milks his balls for the last bit of his delicious cum and eats it.

After she is done, he cleans her off with his shirt, and hands her a glass of champagne. She cuddles up to him and he they kiss slowly and passionately. Yet he is still so horny and wants to pleasure her. He favors her and they end up making love until they pass out in each other's arms in the back of limo.