 Chapter 03: Assisting a Patient.

Over one hour late for work, how was she going to explain that? After leaving the lab Stacey went straight to the locker room and into the attached restrooms. Looking in the mirror she noticed how her face and neck were covered with a dried up mixture of cum and sweat. Hoping no one would walk in, she stripped off her top and bra to find that most parts of her upper body were in this disgusting state. With some wet tissue she cleaned herself up as good as possible. 

No way she could wear that dirty bra again, which was still wet from her sweating and she could smell that it also had gotten a fair share of cum on it. The strong scent of sex coming from underneath her skirt made her realize that her panties were soaked too. There was nothing else she could do, then to take them off as well and wipe her pussy clean with some more tissue and hot water. Luckily she had a clean spare top in her locker, which she threw on over her naked body. Walking up to her ward she almost broke out in a sweat again. This time it was from worrying. 

"Would any body be able to notice that I am not wearing any thing under my uniform?" she thought to herself. "Or even worse, could they tell I have been having dirty sex at work? 

"How am I going to lie about my late arrival and what about keeping all this from John? 

"Why have I become like this, where do these sudden sexual desires come from and am I unable to control them?" 

Walking in deep thought she was not paying attention to where she was going and almost walked straight into Suzanne. When Stacey had started her job at the hospital, Suzanne was the nurse who she was teamed up with for the first month to learn every thing about the way things worked around the hospital and the daily running of their ward. At only two years older then her, they got on very well from the start and had soon become very best friends. 

That made it even more difficult to lie about her absence, when Suzanne asked why she was an hour late. She had no time to make up some good lie and quickly she replied that she had to meet some one unexpectedly. Suzanne looked at her a bit questioning and told her that she better have a more convincing story for the head nurse. 

"She had noticed your absence this afternoon and asked me if I knew where you were," Suzanne explained to Stacey. "I had to make up an excuse to cover for you." 

Stacey could tell that the least she expected was to hear the truth from her where she had been, but all she could do was to thank her and excuse herself for not being able to tell her more. 

"I am sorry Suzanne, but I can't tell you where I was right now."

The first thing on Stacey's mind was to clear with the head nurse why she was late. She found her at her desk and after she apologised for being late, she got the full run down on the company policy on doctor's visits. How they are supposed to be scheduled on non working days or that you should book a 1/2 day off for it. Arriving late wit out notice was totally unacceptable. This made it clear to her, that Suzanne must have told the head nurse she was at the doctors, so she continued her excuses and told her that she had had this stomach ache all night and that she just wanted to have it checked before going to work. 

It had completely slipped her mind to call it in before she had left the house and because she did not have the hospitals number, she had passed the message to Suzanne. The head nurse just looked at her and told her not to let it happen again. She also instructed her that she should stay on an extra hour to make up for her lost time. To make things worse, after visiting hour, her late shift duty was to clean out some room they had been using for linen storage on the fifth floor. Apparently it was going to be made available for rent to a third party to give the hospital some extra income. 

Stacey didn't dare to protest to any of it and was glad the head nurse didn't question the lie she had given as alibi for being late. Relieved she went back to work. Her first job on the roster was to wash and change some patients. Not one of the nicer jobs to do, unless a young hunky football player with a broken leg or fractured knee is on your list. On the way to her first patient, Stacey became more and more aware of her nakedness under her uniform and the effect that it had on her. The cotton material brushed against her bare nipples, making them harder with each step she took. 

Not only was this causing them to be clearly outlined through her top, but it started to arouse her again, to what she had no control over. Continues sensation prickles travelled from the tips of her nipples down her stomach and she could feel her pussy moisten again. In quite a horny state she arrived in the room where she was to clean Mr. Clements. There were four beds in the room, the first two were occupied by woman, in the third was an old man and in the last bed near the window was a middle aged guy. Picking up the chart of the old man she read, Mr. J. Brooke, which meant the last guy was the one. 

Stacey closed the curtain walking around his bed and picked up his chart at the same time. Mr. Clements was listed as 45 year old, who had received a full knee reconstruction after he had fractured it during a surfing accident. She introduced herself and told him she was going to clean his bandages, help him get washed and changed in some clean cloths. It was clear he was paying more attention to her breast then to what she was saying. Off course this was not the first time a patient would stare at her attractive looks, but this time however, with her hard nipples displayed against her uniform, she could almost feel his gaze burn a hole through the cotton around them. 

Quickly she turned around facing his legs. With her back towards his head, she was now obscuring his vision on her breast. Never had she felt so nervous and afraid to clean and help a patient get washed. Not even when she had to fully wash a man for the first time had she been in such a state. To face the nakedness of the male autonomy, sometimes even seeing and feeling a penis get stiff, did not use to affect her while she was doing her duties as a nurse, but now she was afraid of just that. 

"What if this guy would get a hard on, would I be able to resist these inner urges?" she thought and nervously pulled away his bed sheets.

She was hoping that concentrating on the task of taking off his bandages would calm her down and ease her sexual desires. His hospital gown was loosely tied to the sides, half revealing the black briefs he was wearing. He was not in bad shape, and her eyes travelled up his muscular legs towards his crotch. Luckily no sign of a hard on, the only problem was that she was standing on the wrong side of the bed. It was his right leg that was bandaged, so she walked around the bed to take them off. 

She could feel him staring at her tits again while she slowly started to un-wrap the bandage from his leg. His gown moved, each time she lifted his leg to run the bandage underneath, bringing more and more of his briefs visible to her curious eye. Not only that, but she had gone past his operated knee now and noticed his penis stir inside of them while un-strapping the last bid of bandage from around his upper thigh. 

She didn't remove the taped on mash that covered the cuts of his operation. She told Mr. Clements to go sit up with his legs hanging from the bed while she would get the wheelchair and a plastic type bag to seal his leg around the fresh wounds. She opened the curtain slightly and went over to the cupboard to get the seal. On her way back she pulled the wheelchair from the far end, and returned to find Mr. Clements still lying in bed in the same position.

He smiled at her and said, "I have tried to move my leg over but I am afraid I require some help." 

Although she had a suspicion that he asked for help just so he could see her a bit closer, she had no choice then to follow his request. Reaching out she grabbed both his wrist and in one big tug she raised him up from the bed. Only did he move to far and his upper body fell sideways into her arms. If this wasn't done on purpose, brushing both his hands over her breast when he moved himself straight up surely was. She should have been annoyed by this and tell him off, but she was unable to do so. The feeling of his fingers run past her hard nipples was exactly what her body was waiting for.

*

Mr. Clements was pleasantly surprised by a sexy young nurse closing the curtain around his hospital bed. As she introduced herself, he could not help noticing the large hard nipples of her well formed breast, which looked like they could tare through her uniform at any second. 

"What was she saying about helping him get washed and into some clean cloths?" he tried to recall, as he was silently thanking the doctor to keep him in the hospital for one more day.

He would not have had the pleasure of being treated by such a gorgeous nurse, or even better have her help him in the shower if he would have been relieved from hospital this morning. She had turned and now was blocking his view on those lovely tits, but he was glad to see that her ass was in fine shape as well. After she pulled back the sheets, she had to move around the bed to get to his operated leg, which gave him once again a glimpse on her breasts while she started to take of his bandages. 

He was trying hard not to get too exited, at least, not until he would be alone with her in the bathroom, but while she unwrapped the bandage from around his thighs, he could feel his blood surge to his loins. She had asked him to get up straight with his legs over the edge, while she was going to get some bag thingy and a wheelchair. Just as he had raised himself up, he thought that he should just lay back again so he could enjoy the most of the assistance this lovely girl was here to give him. It worked out perfect, just as he had expected she was most kind to help him up, allowing him the perfect chance to overshoot her tugging motion and fall right into her arms. 

He could feel her hard nipples pierce through the fabric against his chest and could not resist brushing his hands past her lovely globes and over those hard bullets that stuck out against her uniform. To feel those intimate parts of her sexy body on his fingers, and the thought that he had just felt up a nurse who was only performing her profession, made his cock swell. Instead of receiving a slap in the face from this hottie, she just continued her job like nothing had happened. First getting his legs over the edge, followed by kneeling down at his feet to put this bag over his leg to protect the wound. His legs slightly apart and most of the hospital gown pushed up his thighs, he was sure she must have had a clear view of the rather large bulge now showing in his black briefs. 

"Oh yes you sexy hot little nurse, reach up my legs a bit more and pull my swelling cock from its restraints," he was silently wishing. 

He had already made the first daring move and risking a heavy lawsuit for sexual harassment by touching her lovely tits. It would now be up to her to take the next step to show she would not mind taking things a bit further. But nothing what he was thinking of in his mind happened. She stayed courteous and professional, helping him into the chair and bringing him to the bathroom. This by itself, made him want her even more. If his actions or the sight of his physical state had not pursued her to some closer attention, maybe his words could.

"Stacey, you know you are incredibly sexy, and your uniform makes your hot looking body even more radiant." he said after she had closed the door. Then continued by adding, "I hope my physical state won't embarrass you, but I just can't stop myself from imagining you naked"

*

Stacey tried hard to ignore the arousing effect that his touch on her breasts and nipples had caused. She quickly moved on, pretending nothing out of the ordinary had happened. She helped him lift his right leg over the edge of the bed followed by the left one. She kneeled down to put on the seal around his operated leg. With a clear view along his slightly parted legs, it became obvious that she was not the only one that was getting excited. 

She would have loved to pull his briefs down right there and then, to expose his large hardened cock and suck her lips down onto his love tool. But she was still a nurse, she should not even be thinking about doing such a thing. It would surely get her into serious trouble. But it was him who had started this after all. Just by rubbing her tits she could get him in just as much trouble for that alone. 

"Why think about what should, could or would," Stacey thought to her self. "Just act normal and see where he wants to take this." 

With that in mind she had helped him into the wheelchair, this time without any of his wavering hands. When she had rolled him into the bathroom and had closed the door he addressed her. His compliments echoing in her head, making her even feel hotter inside. 

"Am I really looking, as he put it, radiant?" she thought. "Could he tell I am longing for sex, or could he have smelled my sex scent coming from my wet pussy?" 

But then again, he had also showed his concern about embarrassing her because he had gotten a hard on and admitted he was thinking of her naked, so maybe it was best to play along his game. 

"Well thank you for your complements, it makes me flattered," she told him. "As a nurse I have helped many patients in the shower, who experienced the same problem as you."

Letting him know that nothing could embarrass her, followed by adding, "It is probably more likely that you would embarrass yourself, if I have to roll you back out to the ward with your big hard cock making a tent out of your hospital gown." 

It had seemed to have shut him up and she continued to explain how the shower and all worked. The bath room floor including the shower is all level, so the patient can be rolled in to the shower. It has a plastic seat and some handrails attached to the wall, so most patients with a bad leg can sit down and wash themselves. After she had helped him onto the seat, 

Stacey rolled the wheelchair out of the shower area and closed the shower curtain, telling him, "You can take off your gown and briefs and pass them through.

"If you require some help washing certain areas you can't reach, I could assist you, if you want. But remember to turn of the shower before I can come in." she instructed as he passed his gown and briefs through the slit in the curtain. 

*

Mr. Clements did not know what to make of the choice of words Stacey used to talk to him. 

"Was she still being professional, or was she teasing him?" he was mulling over in his head. 

Instead of erection, she had described his hard on as a big hard cock. But she did not follow through with this type of conversation. Instead she continued by explaining the boring details of how to operate the shower. Once more did her body come close to his, as she helped him onto the plastic seat in the shower. Confused by his own horny thoughts, he was sure he could feel the heat coming from her body, but was still not sure if he safely could make another move on her. 

After she had closed the curtain, he followed her instruction to take off his gown and briefs and passed them onto her. Just as he thought that things were not going to be like he had hoped for, she made one more comment. Turning that thought 180 degrees around again, as she told him that when needed she could come in to wash those difficult to reach areas, as long as he made sure to turn the shower off first. It was the way her words sounded from her mouth, soft and sexy, that told him he had not just been imagining that she was as horny as he was and he was sure she was meaning something more. 

The idea by it self was enough to fill his cock even more up with blood, making his rather large manhood stand up proudly from his groin. He was about to call her straight in for her services, but then thought that it would make him look to eager. If he would start showering first, he could play into the little game she had created. After setting a comfortable temperature he let the warm water splash across his body. It certainly wasn't the easiest way to shower, sitting on a plastic chair, but he managed to wash his hair with the shampoo that was provided by a dispenser on the wall. 

He rinsed out his hair and started to unwrap the plastic packaging of the bar of soap that Stacey had given him. With his mind continuously on the things to come, he could feel his cock throbbing with every heartbeat. The drops of water that fell on its exposed purple head were gently stimulating his needs. Still trying to get the soap out of its wrapping, he could not resist grabbing his shaft firmly with one hand and giving it a few tugs. Right then the soap popped out from the last bit of plastic and slid across the shower floor. 

"This is the perfect excuse to call for Stacey," he thought to himself and he turned off the tab.

"I seem to have dropped the soap, could you come in to get it for me...?" he then asked with a slyish tone.

*

Stacey could not believe how she had become so horny again. It had only been just over an hour since she had been impaled on Paul's big cock, bringing her to two big orgasms. She had a hard time ignoring that longing feeling inside of her and had to try her very best to remain professional. But she could not resist that last sexy comment she made to Mr. Clements. Surely if any guy would have been given the chance to be washed by a sexy hot nurse, like herself, they would jump to the opportunity. 

As she heard the shower staring to run she started to think, "Maybe I am mistaken and he does not have any indecent intentions. 

"After all it is only natural for a men's penis to become erect, especially when imagining a sexy nurse naked." she continued to linger. 

Then actually caught herself, starting to imagine him naked, sitting under the shower with a big hard-on. Unable to control her feelings and the naughty thoughts that ran through her head, her hands started to have taken on a mind of their own. She was way beyond any kind of self control and soon she was leaning against the wall with her skirt up high and three fingers vividly fucking her hot pussy. She needed to feel a cock inside her so badly and was hoping that after she would have brought herself to climax, the danger of storming in on this innocent patient to jump his bones would be gone. 

But in her mind she had already committed this act, driving her fingers in and out between her swollen pussy lips, she pictured it was his cock. Just as she was getting very close to the edge of an exploding climax, the shower stopped. Quickly she removed her hand from under her skirt, as Mr. Clements asked her if she could come in to pickup the bar of soap that he had dropped. With her face glowing due to the intense pleasure she had been giving herself, Stacey went in. 

Expecting to find him turned away from her to protect his integrity, she was very pleased to see him actual sitting facing her with a rock hard sex pole standing right up. By the sight of his arousal, she was now sure of it, that he wanted to fuck as much as she did. Bending down she reached for the soap that was on the floor, making sure he got a good view up her cleavage. 

She walked towards him and with a husky voice said, "I might as well give you a hand washing your back, now that I am in here any way and have the soap." 

She raised her skirt halfway up and stood over his lap, with his hard cock between her legs, only inches away from her waiting pussy. She did not think he was aware of her nakedness and was about to give him a surprise to remember for a lifetime. She pulled him forward and reached her arms around him. Pretending to prepare for washing his back, but purposely pushing his face and mouth against her tits. Holding the bar of soap in between her right hand and against his back, she slowly started to move down. 
