 CH.04 Morning Surprise For Husband

John had got home around 9:30pm after a very long day in the office. If it had not been for Linda, the new temp who was hired a few weeks back, he would have still been there. That girl has a lot going for her, besides being a very good looking brunette she is also extremely talented and ambitious. At 23 years old she is in her final year for her bachelor's degree in chemistry. She had applied for the job as general assistant at the Pharmaceutical Company he was working for. 

Being one of the directors there, he often was making the selections for job applicants and she had been one of the five candidates he had selected three weeks ago for an interview. Afterwards, it was clear that she out summed the others in every angle including her physical appearance, but with all the sexual claims flying around he was not sure if he should hire her. Instead, maybe he should pick his number two, also a 'to be graduate' but the complete opposite of the attractive Linda. 

He had arranged a second interview for them both, to be conducted by HR, who he had told he could not make his mind up between the two. In the end, they must have liked Linda too, who was hired for part time assistance on Monday, Wednesday and Friday Afternoons. Most of the time she just helps out with administrable items, but she also spends some time helping in the lab. Her young brain acts like a spring day among the older chemistry professors in the lab and one of her ideas actually spread some new light on an almost dying development. 

Today he had requested her to assist him to put together a new presentation and she was more than happy to stay on a few more hours to get it finished before the weekend. John knew she was mainly doing it for the money. Besides the cost of a graduate student, she also was a girl with a taste for nice cloths and looked the kind a girl that goes out a lot to have a good time. After they finished at 9pm he thanked her for all her help. He told her that being a married man, he could not take her out for dinner to show his appreciation, but instead he ensured her that she would get paid double for all the hours she had worked. 

On the way home he had dropped by the local Chinese takeaway to get something for his supper. He finished eating it on the couch in front of the TV, watching another cheap movie. He was thinking that maybe he should have taken Linda out for a meal after all. It would have been a whole lot better then wasting his time getting squared eyes. At a quarter past 11 the movie had finished and he made his way to bed. He had not thought about what had happened last night up till now, but while he was trying to go to sleep he remembered how Stacey had returned home late. 

In a flashback he recalled the image of her undressing and how this revealed that she was wearing no panties. He started to wonder if she would be wearing any today and for how long she had been dressing like this for work. Her nursing uniform always turned him on, sometimes even at inappropriate moments. Leaving him with an embarrassing bulge in his pants because he could not stop himself from getting a hard on. These thoughts of her being commando underneath that sexy uniform made him horny and soon he had a rock hard cock poking the duvet. 

First he tried to ignore it, but as it kept him from sleeping he gave in at the end and started to beat himself off. Slowly at first, thinking of Stacey lifting her skirt to reveal her bare naked pussy to him. The pre-cum oozing from his cock ran down his hard shaft and lubricated his fingers. His slippery cock slid easily between the ring shape he had formed with his thumb and index finger. Moving it up and down over the entire length of his cock, collecting more pre-cum from the tip with each upward motion. 

His movements became faster as he imagined her riding his cock in the waiting room of the hospital. He could not hold back any longer and grabbed his cock with his full hand just under the sensitive spot at the bottom of his cock head. Squeezing tight he stroked himself with a short fast motion and sensed the pressure building up in his balls. He finished himself off like this, picturing Stacey bent over the chair, with her uniform hiked up and he taking her hard from behind. 

In the urge of his orgasm he failed to cup his hand in front of his erupting cock head and shot load after load of his hot cum onto his stomach and chest. When he was spend, he went to clean up in the en-suite bathroom. After returning to bed it took only a few seconds before he fell asleep.

*

In the dopy state she was in, Stacey completely forgot to be quiet and try not to wake John. The garage door opened with a loud squeaking noise when she remembered, but it was too late by then. 

"Surely this would have woken him up you silly cow," she thought and drove her jeep into the garage. 

Why should she worry anyway? So she had cheated on her husband and experienced the most amazing satisfying orgasms. But no one knows about her sexual mischief of today and she was now sure of it, not to tell any one. Today had been a one of, an eye opener of how sex could make her feel. She had past the guilt trips. Her mind was now set on improving the sex with her loving husband and ensuring to get to the same highs as earlier today. After turning on the hall lights she went upstairs. 

The bedroom door was open and she noticed John was fast asleep, lying sideways on her side of the bed. She turned on the lights in the en-suite bathroom, lighting up most of the bedroom as well. While walking back to the landing, to turn off the hall lights, she started to undress. Just before reaching the door, she pulled her half unbuttoned top over her head and threw it in the wash hamper standing in the corner. Her skirt followed on the way back to the bed room and stark naked she went into the en-suite to take a shower. 

Unlike yesterday, she had left the door to the en-suite fully open, allowing a ray of light to shine into the bedroom. While lathering up all of her body with soap under the splashing stream of water, she once more recalled her experiences of today, and started to think up a good plan to seduce her hubby for some passionate sex. After drying up she did not bother to put anything on, and hoping the light would have woken up John, she joint him in the bed. 

Hugging him from behind with her naked body tightly pressed against his, she sensual whispered in his ear, "Are you awake darling?"

After a small stir of his upper body she continued, "I am so horny. I want to feel your big cock so badly. Feel you slide into my hot pussy."

In the mean time her hand was tracing up his leg and thigh, accompanied with some more erotic pleading in her soft horse tone. A twitch of his leg was the only reaction she got, but John did not wake up. 

Disappointed she gave up her efforts and went to sleep. 

"Tomorrow I will have a very horny surprise for you, which will make you want to fuck my brains out," was the last thing she thought, not knowing that she was actually talking into herself.

*

John was startled from his deep sleep by the noise of the opening garage door. He turned onto his side and with one eye half open he looked at the clock.

"One fifteen." he thought, still half asleep. "Was Stacey late again?"

But his eyes were heavy and fell shut. He was on his way back to sleep till a bright light shined right on his face. Squinting with one eye, he noticed it was from the en-suite light, which Stacey had turned on. She was walking back to the landing, and he watched in amazement how her bare breast came to view from underneath her top when she pulled it over her head. They voluptuously jutted as she threw the garment into the hamper with an overhead basketball shot. 

"No bra today," he muddled while still half asleep. "Or had she been completely naked under her uniform today?"

The answer to that did not take long. When Stacey had returned from turning of the light on the landing, her skirt had dropped to the floor. Stepping out of them she turned around to pick them up. Both his eyes were fully open now to gulp at the perfect ass of his wife, while she bended over. The thick folds of her sex mount clearly visible between her slightly parted legs. The sight of her pussy covered by her blond bush made his cock fill with blood and he almost forgot to shot his eyes again when his wife headed towards the en-suite. 

Not even sure himself why he pretended to be asleep, because he would have loved to surprise her with his hard manhood and get her to mount him on top. But it must have been because of his tiredness, as minutes after he heard her get into the shower he drifted back to sleep. Dreaming of his beautiful wife seducing him with dirty talk. 

*

Stacey woke up late in the morning as John was getting out of bed. Still with her eyes closed she listened how he quietly went downstairs. Followed by some noise from the kitchen, which could only mean he was preparing breakfast. Then she remembered that she had made a promise to herself. She was supposed to come up with something sexy to surprise and seduce her husband. Be less timid and more open sexually, so she could enjoy better sex with him. 

"What would be the one thing I can do, that could capture all this by itself?" she was thinking, while trying to come up with something.

Then she remembered the man's magazine she had once found under his side of the bed. It was not porn of such, but was full of pictures of naked girls exposing themselves. Some of the pages were kind of stuck together, indicating John had cum on them. Though it had been a while back, Stacey remembered the girl that was on one of those pages. She was blonde, mid twenties looking. But the thing she remembered today was that her pussy was clean shaven. And it was clear that John had liked this, due to the messy looking pages.

"That was it," she thought, jumping out of bed. "I am going to shave my self and surprise him with a completely bare pussy!"

The thought by it self had made her instantly horny. Aiming the hot water stream from the showerhead onto her pussy even intensified this feeling. But that was nothing compared to the feeling of John's cool shaving cream on her delicate bits, which she applied afterwards. Her clit was tinkling from the cooling sensation of the cream, giving her Goosebumps even though she was standing under a hot shower. 

"Hmmm, this feels so good," she mumbled, circling her index finger over her swelling clit. "Why did I never try this before?" 

With John's razor she started to shave of her v-shaped trimmed bikini line above her pussy. That was the easy part and nervously she started to make her way down to the outer sides of her pussy lips. With a leg raised against the wall she cleared all her hair from one side, followed by the other side after changing position with her other leg raised against the wall. Her legs were trembling as she kneeled down with her legs spread apart so she could remove the last few remaining pubic hairs at the top of where her lips came together, covering her clit. 

The excitement had made it swell to maximum proportions and she had to be extremely careful not to cut it with the razorblade. She washed off the remaining bit of shaving cream by aiming the shower to spray straight up between her legs. The stimulation of the powerful jet of hot water together with her hand rubbing over the entire length of her now completely smooth pussy, send her over the edge to experience her first major orgasm of the day. Waves of ecstasy rippled once more through her entire body. Not that has taken any drugs before, but it was just like getting high, a sex high.

"Could that be?" she wondered, as her orgasm slowly ebbed away. "Could this sudden discovery of sexual pleasure have made me addicted to cumming?"

She couldn't remember ever having such a high number of orgasms in such a short space of time, or having any in the same magnitude of the one's she had since yesterday. But there was no time to linger on that thought now. John probably would have finished preparing breakfast and it was time for his surprise. After drying herself up she walked up to the chest of drawers in the bedroom bare naked. She noticed her reflection in the big mirror above it and stood still for a minute to admire the new look of her pussy. 

"This certainly will drive him mad," she chuckled, spreading her legs partially to reveal all of her smooth bare folds. 

Besides being swollen, they appeared to be brightest pink of color. Probably caused by a light irritation of the shaving cream and the razor, or because she had rubbed it so franticly to reach her climax. They had always been pretty much covered by her blonde bush, so she wasn't even sure herself what their true color should be. 

Kneeling down to open the bottom draw, she could not resist applying her hands once more to the silky smooth folds of her pussy. Which due to her kneeled position were slightly spread apart to leave her still swollen clit fully exposed to her fingers. She was still so horny and wet and used the palm of her hand to smear her creamy juice over her entire pussy. The feeling of her fingers gently rubbing her newly shaved bits was so amazing, that she had to force herself to stop, before she would end up in another finger fuck frenzy. 

From the draw she picked a red silk chemise which John had once bought for her. The day he had given it to her as a present was the only time she had worn it. She had found it way to exposing and sexy, but that was exactly what she was after this morning. The silk garment slid over her head and fell snug against her body. The front had a deep v cut, barely covering her breast. The spaghetti straps reached a long way down her back, leaving most of it bare. The lower half was tailored just right to fit her waist, then flannelling out, just down far enough to cover her ass cheeks. Before heading downstairs, she did a fashion spin in front of the mirror, causing the chemise to rise up and revealing her bare ass and pussy one last time. 

*

John had finished preparing breakfast ages ago and was wondering what took his wife so long to come down. He had heard her run a shower, which did not make sense to him either. 

"Didn't she take one yesterday night after she got home?" he thought. "Maybe I have not been awake at all and it had all been part of that horny dream I was having?"

He could not figure it out. He knew for sure that the day before yesterday he had not been dreaming, when he found out she had been commando under her skirt. But yesterday, he had been masturbating to the idea of this, after which he had fallen asleep. 

"Now, did I or didn't I wake up when she got home?" he continued to ponder on. "I could swear I saw her strip naked. No bra or panties under that uniform. She had gone to take a shower, and when she was in bed with me, she was talking dirty to me. No that wasn't right either. That was a dream, Stacey never uses such words."

He had been so tired last night, there was no way he could be absolutely sure about what had been real or not. The only way to find out was to ask Stacey directly. Even that was not the right thing to do as a trusting loving husband and in the end he decided to forget all about it and just enjoy a lovely breakfast together.

At that point he heard her footsteps coming down the stairs. He was seated on a chair at the big wooden kitchen table, which he had set for a full breakfast to surprise his wife. He had outdone himself preparing scrambled eggs, pancakes, fresh fruit and much more. Even a bottle of champagne was standing on ice in the cooler. He almost fell of his chair when he watched her walk into the kitchen. She was looking breath taking. The red chemise that was only just covering all the important bits looked stunning on her. 

He remembered she had worn it that day he had bought it for her. Then it had made her look shy and uncomfortable, but now she was wearing it proudly, walking towards him like a woman on the catwalk. Her breast proudly jutting behind the silk fabric with each step she took. The long blond hair falling across her shoulders. Her bright blue eyes locked on to him with a seductive look. His wife always looks gorgeous but this morning she was just looking straight darn horny. This was surely no dream, but he just had to pinch himself in the flesh to be absolutely sure. 

"Uhhh, I, hmm, prepared a nice breakfast for, uhhh, you this morning," he stuttered. 

Just barely able to make a sentence while Stacey bent over to kiss him near his ear and replied with a sensual voice, "I have prepared something for you to enjoy for breakfast too."

The sexy tone of her words softly rolling from her lips and the sight of her swaying breast almost dropping out from their tiny triangular shaped restrains, made his cock grow rock hard. Stacey raised her upper body back up and went to stand between him and the table. John did not know where to look, every inch of her looked so sexy. Her legs tall, the chemise draped over her small curved hips then tightened around her toned waist. 

His eyes just kept wondering up and down her body. Her breast so firm but also so soft, her eyes big and sky blue. He was completely lost, up till the point she had raised her self on the edge of the table and parted her legs to rest on either side of his chair. His eyes were now fixed on what he could only describe as the horniest looking pussy he had ever seen. 

Two thick, pink colored and completely smooth shaven pussy lips were staring him in the face. They were covered by a glistening sheen of moist. He always had been a sucker for shaven pussies. Sometimes even jacked off, on pictures in men's magazines with women displaying their bald pussies. But never had he seen one as horny looking as this. It was the thing she said that made his wildest dream come true.

"How would you like to eat my freshly shaved pussy for breakfast?" she said, using the same sexy voice.

He did not even thought about answering that question and instantly knelled down between her wide open legs. He brought his head close towards her bald pussy and used his tongue to trace the outlines of her smooth lips. He could smell her musky sex and the sweetness of her juices stimulated the taste buds on his tongue. It was irresistible and he wanted more. With the full length of his tongue he lapped both her lips from the bottom to the top, causing Stacey to let out a long deep sigh.

"Ahhhhhhhhhhh, yes, lick it baby," she said and leaned back on the table using her elbows as rest.

John did not need any encouragement and his tongue went back down to lick all of her silk pussy from bottom to top again. This time he used a bit more pressure, which caused her lips to part. The full extend of how horny she was, became clear as her juices flowed from between her lips onto his rising tongue. Her clit was swollen and was rewarded with a full lick of his soft and wet tongue, causing another gasp to fall from her mouth.

"Ohhhhhhhh, baby, that feels so good.

Hmmmmmm, you like to tongue fuck my shaved pussy huh?" she moaned. 

He could barely make out what she was saying, but it sounded like she was enjoying what he was doing as much as he did. So he continued to lick her slit up and down. His tongue probing between her tight inner lips, entering her love pot. His mouth was completely over her pussy and he started to slide his tongue in and out of her. Juices were running over his chin while he continued his oral assault on her pussy. Her breathing became heavier and she started to buck her hips. Pushing his head with both hands firmly between her legs, she literally was fucking his face. 

"Suck it baby, ohhhhh, suck my clit and make me cum!" she shouted.
