 Chapter 02: Paul Catches Stacey Before Her Shift.

It was just past midnight, John was lying in bed watching the end of some movie. Not much longer and his lovely wife would be home from her late shift at the local hospital. He had met Stacey 6 years ago during a company promotion he was conducting at the university where she was studying to become a nurse. At twenty-one she certainly did not look the kind of girl to go into this kind of work of hard labor and little money. With a 5'10 perfect body and a cute blue eyed face to match, she could have easily made it to become the next super model. 

Almost 10 years her senior, he had doubts at first, if he should try to get a date with her. But he felt as strongly then as he still does till this day, that she was the one for him. After some convincing talk he managed to take her out to the movies and it all went on from there. He quickly learned that behind the sexy body and seductive smile was a very lovely and caring girl, though sexually she was very timid and shy. 

It was not till after dating her for almost year till he tried to have sexual intercourse with her for the first time. Only to discover she was still a virgin. At that moment he knew he wanted to marry her and instead of proceeding to have sex and break her hymen, he popped the question. Stacey accepted without hesitation. One more year, he found release of his sexual desires by jacking off and her occasional performance of oral sex, till they finally got married. 

That was the night they actually made love for the first time. At first he thought it was her lack of sexual experience but Stacey's sexual variety remained on a plain level. Over the past four years of marriage they might have added two other positions besides missionary. This and a blow or hand job every once in a while still keeps John satisfied, though he always wishes that she would become a bit more adventures. 

It was half past twelve when he started to think why she was not home yet. Then he thought she probably had been asked to stay a bit longer to cover for one of the other girls and fell asleep soon after.

*

Luckily no one had missed Stacey. Well, there was no sign that any of the patients had pressed their call button or were in need of any thing. So all she needed to do was complete a full round of checking that each patient was still alright and make up an excuse for finishing late when she reports over to the night shift. In the end it was past 1am by the time she got to her car and drove home. 

Behind the wheel of her soft-top Wrangler, Stacey could not stop thinking of what to tell John. She hardly could explain herself what had happened and even the slightest thought of what she had been up to made her embarrassed. Never to have had any sexual experience like that, it also gave her a feel of satisfaction and deep inside she still had this warm horny feeling. 

But she also felt guilty, because she knew that it was the effect of this guy Paul, that had made her feel this way. No way was she going to tell all this to John, it would be better to deny it ever happened. Hopefully John would be asleep, so she could quietly take a shower. Have a good night sleep before she had to make up her lies when answering any of his questions about her late return from work. 

When driving onto the drive, she was glad to see all the lights were off in the house. The garage door makes this loud squeak which could wake up John. So instead of parking inside of it, she decided to leave the car on the drive. Trying not to make any noise she went inside and gently shut the door. After carefully getting up stairs she turned on the small light on the landing. 

Through the open bedroom door, she looked at John lying fast asleep in the middle of their king size bed. Slowly walking past the bed on the way to the en-suite shower she started to take off her uniform. It only took a few buttons to drop her top, followed by her skirt. Just before reaching the shower her unclasped bra dropped from her shoulders into her hands. 

Still avoiding waking John, she did not turn on the light till after shutting the bathroom door. The multi head shower reached a comfortable temperature in seconds, at which point Stacey got in and started to thoroughly wash herself. She could not deny that the touch of her hands rubbing soap over her breast gave this great sensation and it felt even better running them over her inner thighs and further up between her legs. 

She was fighting the temptation of giving in to these desires. Spreading her arms, each hand reaching and pushing against one side of the shower wall, she just let the water wash down her soapy body. The water sprays, from the 8 little showerheads, pulsating from different angles against her skin, was by itself almost enough to start her up again. 

Surely this had nothing to do with her meeting Paul this evening. He was not even on her mind this time. A few more minutes she allowed for the warm water to stimulate her body, before turning off the shower. 

All dried up she put on some clean pj's and after brushing her teeth she quietly got into the bed. Snuggled up close against John, she muddled over some thoughts about her new discovered desires and why she got them, but after a couple of minutes she was fast asleep.

*

John had woken up from hearing Stacey's car drive up onto the drive. But the expected sound of the garage door did not follow. Instead he heard her enter the front door and quietly making her way up the stairs. She must think he was asleep and did not want to wake him. So he closed his eyes again and pretended he was. 

As she walked into the bedroom he opened one of them, just enough to enable him to watch Stacey, without her noticing he was awake. He witnessed her undress with a soft ray of light from the landing falling on her gorgeous silhouette. First her top, followed by her skirt while she walked towards the en-suite bathroom. That was when he noticed something very odd. 

Stacey was wearing no panties. She came to only a few inches away from his face with only a blue laced bra hugging her C-cup breast. The look at her blonde bush and the thought that it had been exposed all day under her uniform almost started to give him a hard on. He could smell her sweet pussy scent as she passed him. Just as she got to the en-suite bathroom, her bra also came off, giving him just a glimpse of her firm boobs. 

While he listened to her showering, he started to wonder about the fact she had not been wearing panties. Such an erotic thing was so much not like Stacey. Sure, she wears sexy outfits that compliment her good figure, but they always would be respectable. Nothing that would have too much skin exposed or at any way could be perceived slutty. Wearing no panties certainly could. As far as he can remember she never done anything like this. She even hardly wears the sexy undies or extravagant lingerie, which he buys her every now and again. 

Ten minutes later, Stacey came out of the shower, dressed in her casual pj shorts and shirt. Still pretending to be asleep, he casually turned around as she got into the bed. The feeling of her perky breast pushed against his side while she cuddled up next to him, was the last thing he remembered before truly falling asleep. 

*

By the time Stacey woke up, John had already left. In a way she was glad she did not need to face him yet, but at the same time she was longing for him to hold her. To be able to come clean about her experience and explore her new feelings together. 

"Would I actually be able to do it though?" she thought to herself. "Would I tell him I have been screwing myself in a frenzy in the toilets at work and even have used a deodorant can to satisfy my desires? 

"What would happen if I meet this Paul dude at work again?" shot through her mind as more and more questions came to her for which she had no answer to.

Stacey decided to go for a run on the beach so she could try and clear her mind of all these thoughts. She put on a white stretch Nike t-shirt with matching shorts and went to the beach. It was a hot day and even the normal quiet south end of Huntington Beach was packed. Lots of young sexy teenaged girl's in skimpy bikinis, hanging around, waiting to seduce the next surfer dude to emerge from the ocean. 

Their legs were long and slim accentuated by the high cut bikini bottoms, which did not cover much of their tight bum cheeks. They had full curvy breast, only just covered by a small triangle of bikini cloth. Not only did Stacey get hot by running in the burning sun, but she also started to get this warm feeling inside her again. 

"Was this really happening?" she worried. "Am I now getting aroused by seeing these hot looking women?"

It was time for her to head home and take a cold shower. The cold water splashing onto her hot naked skin was only bearable for a few minutes but it seemed to have its effect. Clear headed she could get ready for work. She grabbed a comfy bra, the white cotton full cup type, with matching panties. After putting them on she sat in front of the mirror and did her hair. Like usual twisting it into a knot with a spring clip holding it tight. A bit of make-up and she was almost done, just a clean uniform to put on. 

Before leaving for work, she also had a bite to eat, but still arrived way too early. 12.40 with still 20 minutes to kill before she had to start her shift. 

*

Paul always was more of an evening person. He never did seem to function that well in the morning and his concentration and work performance has always been best later in the day. Therefore he usually never makes it into the lab before mid day. 

Today was different, he was anxious to find out what effects his drugs had caused on this Stacey girl. He wanted to be absolutely sure he would meet her again. Off course he knew he had told her he would be in the rest area around the same time as yesterday. But she never actually had acknowledged she was going to be there as well. What if her shift would have changed or something like that?

He needed to find out who she was and where she worked so he could plan ahead and make sure they would bump into each other again. Besides that, from the minute they had met yesterday, he had been obsessed with the idea that she was the one to experiment his drug on. Which also meant that they would end up having sex together, to allow him to fully test the drug pro's and con's.

This particular bit had been on his mind all night long, having sex with this blonde bombshell. He had witnessed the effect of the 5mg doses he had slipped in her tea. The hardening of her nipples after drinking her tea was a clear sign the drug was working on humans. But how much would be needed for this girl to drop all her inhabitations and simply bent over with legs spread begging to be fucked. Well that was kind of the thing he had been thinking of when he was jerking off his rod last night. He blew his wad imagining shoving the entire length of his cock all the way up her horny cunt.

Paul arrived at the hospital at nine. After making some clever inquiries he had found out that Stacey Mary Jones was her full name and he also managed to obtain her full shift roster for the coming three months. Today and Saturday she would still be on the late shift, which starts at 1pm. She would be off for four days before starting four nights on Thursday, followed by another four days off and then four early shifts. 

Paul quite liked this shift routine. He could experiment on her for four days followed by a four day rest period, during which he could study and investigate her behavior and see if the drug taken regularly was only for a short term arousal or the changes carried on for a longer time without any drug intake. Plus he could study if she developed any side effects. 

First he had to make sure they would meet again today and slip her another doses of the drug. Being a well experienced scientist, he knows for well the dangers involved with any kind of drug over doses, but against his better knowledge he planned to give her double the amount of yesterday. He also needed more time with her then the ten minutes they spend together yesterday. So he would be able to study all the effects it would have on Stacey. 

Paul knew that the earlier they met the better and by twelve o'clock he was roaming around the hospital in the hope to catch her before the start of her shift. He checked between the staff entrance at the back, the canteen on the ground floor, the locker and changing room on her ward and the rest area where he had met her yesterday on the 4th floor. But no sign of Stacey. 

"How am I going to get her some where quiet any way?" he thought to himself and slowly started to worry this had been a bad idea from the start. "How was Stacey supposed to explain her absence from her shift every time? What if something went wrong or if she would find out I have been using the drug on her?" 

But his worries were washed away the moment he spotted her walking to the canteen. The view of her uniform hugged tight around her firm rounded butt caused his blood to serge from his brains to his loins. Over the past years, his mind has become clouded by his growing obsession about sex. His actions are a clear sign of thinking with his cock rather then his brains. He followed her into the canteen and got close behind her at the vending machine. 

Just as she was about to throw her 25 cents into the machine, he said, "Allow me, a tea, am I right?" He could see the look of surprise on her face and repeated his question, "Can I get you a tea?"

She finally stepped aside and answered with a sexy smile, "You can buy me tea any time.

*

Trying to avoid walking into Paul, Stacey decided to stay away from the rest area on the 4th floor and went straight to the ground floor cafeteria for a cup of tea. She was afraid she would get this horny feeling again if she did meet him. Not so much for the feeling, but more the thoughts he had brought up in her mind. She actually had been imagining having sex with this guy and clearly remembered how close she had been to offer herself to him yesterday. 

Working in the same building, avoiding him was not something she had control of. But as long as they were not alone, the chance of her giving into the desires he stirred up inside of her, was a lot slimmer. But the inevitable happened sooner then she had thought, just as she was about to get her tea from the vending machine, she was startled by his voice. 

He was right behind her and just like yesterday he offered to get her a tea. Feeling embarrassed of the thoughts she just had about him, she could feel her own heartbeat getting faster, rushing her blood through her body. A bit shocked, she remained still for a few seconds and felt like she was unable to move any muscle.

He had to ask her again before she stepped aside and with making a sleazy comment, allowed him to buy her a drink. She did not even know herself where it came from or why she felt so excited to see him this soon again. 

As soon as he had handed her the brown plastic cup with tea, she took a few sips in the hope that this would calm her nerves a bit. Which it did, but at the same time, she also started to get horny again. Her nipples were getting hard and started to push against her bra and uniform. She even could feel her pussy getting wet. Like it had done yesterday it started to drench her cotton panties. 

While Paul was getting a tea for himself, she just stared at him and looked straight down at his crotch, thinking, "How would I be able to get somewhere alone with him?" 

Just as he turned away from the vending machine she remembered he had told her he was always working alone in his lab and after taking one more sip from her tea she said with a sexy and demanding voice, "Take me to your lab Paul!"

*

Paul could hardly believe what he saw or what he heard her say. With his tea in his hand he looked at her and noticed how she had already consumed half of hers. Which, obviously was the cause of her hardened nipples. They looked like they could pierce through her uniform any second. But her tone of voice had changed as well and she wanted to go to his lab. This was more promising then he had thought and maybe doubling the doses had not been such a good idea after all. 

But why think about that now, it was working so he was better off to do as she asked and replied, "Sure why not." 

The staff lift is the slowest lift ever. Before they had even past the first floor, Stacey had already completely finished her tea. Straight afterwards she was all over him, telling him how she had wanted him since they had met yesterday. She even told him how horny she had gotten. 

"I ended up fucking myself in the toilet," she said with that sexy voice. "I fucked my pussy using a small deodorant can." 

He felt his cock growing rapidly, while Stacey leaned close against him and continued to tell him all the raunchy details of her own sexual exploitation. Before the lift doors opened her hands were rubbing over the bulge it had caused in his trousers. It jumped even more into live after hearing the next words that rolled from her sensual mouth.

"I could really do with something big like this right now and feel it slide inside my horny pussy." She said while giving him a wink.

On the way to his lab he had to fight her off him as she kept tugging at his pants. While he was opening the door she managed to open his zipper and pulled his half hardened cock out. 

"Holy shitt, can't you even wait till we are safe inside?" he mumbled.

*

Stacey finished of her cup of tea on the way up, after which she was totally overwhelmed with the urge for sex. The feeling of guilt towards her husband John for wanting sex with another man had long gone. It was Paul that made her feel like this and so it was his hose she wanted to put out the fire it had started inside her. What else could she do, then just to tell him how she had felt.

"I have wanted you since you walked into the rest area yesterday," she said, looking at him with her longing blue eyes. "I got so horny, I had to leave before I would jump you.

Without further hesitation she threw her arms around his neck, and told him about her fucking spree with the deodorant can. As the lift slowly crept up to the fourth floor she continued her dirty talk, trying to seduce him.

"My pussy was so wet I had to keep licking my cum from my fingers. There was so much of it, I smeared it all out over my tits as well and had two amazing orgasms"

Her efforts in trying to make him horny paid off. Just before reaching the fourth floor his cock was obviously getting harder, causing his pants to bulge. She touched the semi hard shaft through his pants and was amazed by how big it felt. That was exactly what she wanted right there and then. A huge cock filling her pussy and she told him exactly that as the doors opened at the fourth floor. She felt like she could not wait any longer and tried to undress him on the way down to his lab. 

While he was busy unlocking the door, she seized the moment and managed to get her hands down his zipper. Grabbing straight for his large semi hard on, pulling it from his pants, just before he had undone the top and last lock. He mumbled something to her, but she did not even hear what he was saying. All that was important now, was to get him rock hard so she could ride him like a wild bull. 

After pushing him into his lab, Stacey kicked the door back into its lock. In a flash she was down on her knees, engulfing the large pink head with her lips. Her hands un-done the remaining buttons of his pants and pulled them, including his white briefs, down to his ankles. She traced her hands back up over his toned legs until they had reached his groin. With one of them she started to play with his balls and used the other one to grab around the base of his stiffening cock. 
