 Here she was again, alone in her room studying, on a Friday night. She had just got out of the shower, releasing some of her tension with her fingers. Her mother and father were going at it again, the third time tonight, like rabbits. How she didn't have any siblings she will never understand. Her parents were always pouncing on each other like teenagers on spring break. She didn't want to be home but she didn't have a choice in the matter. Drucilla had broken up with her last boyfriend, for the same reason as all the others; she was tired of the constant groping sessions and begging for sex. It's not that she was a prude, she wasn't of course. She was however a virgin looking for real man to take her virginity. 

The young men just didn't do anything for her. She knew she wasn't gay because, she had an experience with a friend but Drucilla stopped what was going on before it went to far. It was not what she was looking for even though the experience still made her wet when she thought back on it. Dru had been felt up on a couple of occasions and she did enjoy that but to quickly it turned into something she wasn't ready for, at least not so quickly. She wanted something more than a quickie in the backseat of a car after a little bit of fingering and a giving some guy head. She didn't think it was so bad wanting something special. 

Her first orgasm had taken her by surprise, at the tender age of sixteen; she had pleased herself with her fingers on several occasions since. Now at twenty she was what any man and quite a few women would give an arm and a leg just for taste. She had long chestnut brown hair, which had big bouncy curls that danced across the top of her backside. Her figure was anything other than stunning. She was tall but not too much so. She stood at around five foot seven inches. She had a slim waist with a large chest that was firm yet yielding to the touch, with thick nipples that were meant to be sucked for hours at a time. Drucilla's face was perfection, not a blemish or a mark to be found with deep green eyes and long brown lashes. She was as smart as she was beautiful.

Dru had refused to let this weekend go by without having a little fun. She put her books up and headed for a club her friend Meta, told her about. She put on one of her sexiest outfits, a ruby red velvet corset, a silk skirt that rides low on the hips of the same color, with two slits that almost come up to her hips. To top it all off her ruby "come fuck me" five-inch pumps. Her hair was in an upsweep with a few pieces hanging down. She was dressed to kill and she knew it. She planned on doing something different tonight. Showing off the goods may be just the start she needed.

When Dru got to the club, she saw a few of her girlfriends. They all sat at table not too far away from the dance floor, right next her best friend Meta. Everyone told her how great she looked and she blushed with her thanks. After ordering quite a few drinks, all the girls got up and danced for a while. Drucilla was having more of a good time then she thought she would. She flirted with a few men and let herself loosen up a lot. She even found herself thrusting up against one of her dance partners. When she felt his erection on her ass, she claimed to be tired and needed to sit down, and cool off. 

Everyone was back at the table, feeling pretty good. They joked with Dru, telling her she was going to give every guy in the place blue balls. Right about that time a waitress came over with a glass for each girl. 

"Ladies an adios motherfucker, from the gentleman in the high right corner," said the waitress. 

The girls all looked up, and saw the gentleman whom the waitress referred too. Every mouth at that table hung open for a few seconds before turning into huge smiles. He was tall and handsome without a doubt, chiseled facial features, beautiful white smile, and thick wavy hair. He stood out from the rest of the men there, this was indeed a man that could make any woman wet with desire with just a whisper.

Any one of those girls would have him in her bed in a heartbeat that included Drucilla. Never had a man captured her attention like that. None of the girls could stop them selves from looking up at him during the next few minutes. Each one hoping that they were the one that captured his eye. Soon it was clear to everyone there to who had his attention was for. As soon as the first drinks were gone, along came another round.

"Ladies it's swamp things this round and the gentleman would like to know if you would care to join him in our private room?" Asked the waitress.

The waitress received her answer as the girls quickly gathered up their things and started to make their way up to him. Drucilla wasn't at all sure about it; this man made her nervous. She could see the want in his eyes and she felt that same need. The girls did everything but drag her up the stairs. When they got up there, the man in question had the whole v.i.p. section for a private party. 

It turned out that he was out celebrating one of his son's birthdays whom was around the same age as Drucilla and her friends. The other members of his party were out and about in the club. By the time the others came up stairs, Dru knew this man was twenty years her senior, and a divorced. When they other men came up everyone was introduced. Aden was his name, and Drucilla loved the way her name rolled off his tongue. It was an equal match of men to women and everyone was enjoying himself or herself. Pretty soon they seem to partner up with each other for dancing and whatever else for the night. Aden managed to maneuver himself to be Drucilla's partner for the night and Dru wouldn't have had it any other way. 

A slow song came on and everyone went down stairs to dance, which left Dru alone with Aden. 

"Care to dance with me?" He asked.

"I...sure," she barely whispered.

Aden placed her hand in his as his arm went around her waist. His hand left a burning on her skin, when he held her close. Aden thought she felt good in his embrace as if she was made just for him. She molded perfectly into his muscular frame. Drucilla's head lay on his chest while her hair tickled his fingers. She seemed so comfortable in his embrace.

Drucilla loved the feel of being surrounded by Aden's warmth. She felt so small compared to his size but protected. As he twirled her around the private room, she felt a flutter in her stomach, something she had never experienced before. She knew it was silly since she had just met him but she felt as if she knew him and that this man would be the one who can take her to new sexual heights. She wanted this man like she wanted no other. 

"Drucilla," he whispered into her ear. "I must let you know I want you more than any one has wanted anything since the beginning of time. Will you give me the chance to please you?" 

Dru looked up into Aden's eyes and saw his sincerity. She couldn't help herself, she needed this man. She wanted this man in so many ways, none of which she could have expressed.

"Yes of course," was all she could say.

Aden bent his head to kiss her. His tongue licked at her lips and both felt the electricity run through their bodies. The music had switched to a slow heavy drumbeat, almost jungle as their kiss deepened. He touched her face as he kissed her, letting his fingers tease her ears and neck, as his tongue slide inside her mouth. His hands pulled at her loose curls, then to her shoulders and down her back. Aden held onto Drucilla by her hips, as his mouth gently played with hers. His fingers made a tiny pattern on her hips, awakening her senses. His kisses felt so right, so warm and his tongue did the most amazing things in her mouth. She melted into his body as his hands slid ever so slowly around her hips to her ass.

"I want to feel you, may I?" He asked.

She didn't understand what he meant but she nodded yes so he wouldn't stop what he was doing to her. She felt his hands move from her ass down to her thighs, then between her slits on her skirt. His touch was an inferno to her skin. He led her into a darkened corner of the room away from preying eyes. 

Once in the corner he unlaced a few strings on her corset and fingered both nipples. He bent to take a nipple into his mouth as he slowly caressed her outer thighs. His fingers probed deeper between her legs. He found her lace French cut panties, which had started to become wet. He kneeled down and took them off, placing them in his jacket pocket. 

Drucilla couldn't believe what she was letting this man do to her. Never would she have given any man this much leeway but then again Aden wasn't your ordinary man. He was making her so very hot and extremely wet. She would have done anything that he wanted of her, no matter where they were.

He walked away from her and got a chair. He placed the chair in front of her and sat down. He raised up the front of her dress and sat her on his lap. He looked into her eyes as his hands rubbed across her luscious ass. He pulled her close to him and began to lick and kiss her neck working his way back down to her tender nipples. His fingers slide down her back, then between her ass until he felt the wetness of her sweet young pussy.

Aden got his fingers wet from her juices and began to play with her pussy. Drucilla fell forward almost smothering him with her tits. She had no idea a man's hand could do such wonderful things to any woman. She wrapped her arms around his neck while his fingers glided across her slick pussy.

Aden loved the feel of her hot pussy. He knew he had to wait before he could taste her and feel his fingers engulfed in her heat. This would have to do for now and he loved the response she was giving him. She was to the point of turning wild, hearing her growl deep in her throat.

The tip his finger slid inside her slowly sinking in inch by agonizing inch. He had his index finger in as deep as it could go for the moment. She was so tight and she kept clamping down around his finger. His left hand came up between them and he started to flick her clit with his thumb. She grounded down on his finger as a small orgasm took them both by surprise. 

She was wetter now so he added a finger trying to give her more pleasure. That's when he felt it, her virginal barrier. He stopped what he was doing not believing what his fingers had found. This beautiful and seductive woman could not possible be a virgin. She was to hot, too wild, and to uninhibited.

She knew what had happened so she whispered in his ear, "Please don't stop, I really want this more than you know. I crave the feelings that you are bring me"

"But love, this is not how your first time should be. Let me make it special for you?"

"Fine... what ever you want just don't stop." She begged. "Please Aden don't ever stop."

Aden began again. He slowly circling her clit as two fingers began to move inside her from behind. She began to ride up and down his fingers loving the feeling. He gave her exactly what she craved. He mad her stomach do flips while her pussy pumped on his fingers, then an orgasm that made her see shooting stars. 

It seemed as though she was just coming down from her high when Aden moved her off his lap and away from him. She quickly felt cold as Aden pulled away. She looked scared and sad. She wanted this man and hoped he still felt the same way about her.

"Sorry they are on the way back up and I didn't want to embarrass you like that," he said.

Sure enough the group was making lots of noise on the way back up the stairs. How could she have not heard the laughter and talking? A few minutes sooner and she wouldn't have cared who saw her riding his fingers through a mind-blowing orgasm.

"This is not the place for us anyway. I will need time to discovery your every desire. Say you will spend the day with me tomorrow, please?" He begged her.

"Yes," was all she could say as she looked into his deep set brown eyes. "I would love to."

He grabbed her hand and headed for the stairs, explaining to the group that they felt like dancing for a bit. He led her to the bathrooms explaining that they both needed to freshen up. They did dance that night before heading back up with the group. Everyone partied until the club closed but they did not get any more alone time together. But everyone in the room could see the sparks as they looked at each other.

Everyone exchanged numbers with their partner of the night and as hugs and kisses were being given out, Aden walked over to Drucilla and gave her a special hug. Without any one realizing it he had slipped his phone number and address down the front of her corset and had given her ass a quick squeeze.

Dru smiled the whole way home. She tried to avoid questions from Meta but she couldn't. She told her everything and all Meta could do was sit with her mouth open. 

"Oh shit Dru, you have to go. If he makes you feel like that let him fuck you until you can't see straight." She giggled. 

She was going to let him do just that, no doubt about it. The first chance she could she would, hopefully with her legs spread screaming in bliss. That weekend would be one she would always remember, she could feel it in her soul.

Early Saturday morning, Drucilla phoned Aden and he said he would be waiting for her. Dru started to get ready for her big day. She showered and picked out a simple plaid summer dress that was short and had spaghetti straps. She then put on a pair of socks and high heeled tennis shoes. She had washed and conditioned her hair and put it in two ponytails, which flowed, down her back. She even packed an overnight bag, just in case, and left a note for her parents. They had started fucking again, early that morning. They wouldn't mind her staying over at a friend's house this weekend. That meant they would be able to run around the house naked and fuck all day. She didn't understand why they tried to fuck each other senseless all the time.

She pulled up to Aden's gate, her heart was pounding as she rang the buzzer and the gate opened up. The driveway twisted to the right through the huge yard. It was like being enveloped into a manicured forest. He was standing outside waiting for her with a big smile on his face and naked as the day he was born. Aden looked delicious...muscular, bronzed, and thick. She had no idea seeing a penis could make her mouth water. His was long hanging down between his thighs and thick. Thicker than any sausage she had seen and he wasn't even hard. No penis was the word for it, that was a dick. Truly this was a dick for the ages. He could have easily sat atop Mount Olympus, a very fine specimen of manhood, no mistaking that.

He poked his head through the window, as soon as she stopped and gave her a kiss that made her tinkle from the roots of her hair to the tips of her toes. His hand slid the strap of her dress down off her shoulder. Aden's fingers pushed down the front of her dress and grabbed a bra less breast. He circled her nipple until it puckered and hardened. He pinched her nipple and Dru whimpered her delight. He kissed her as if he had been starving for her mouth. His hand cupped her breast as he pulled his mouth away from her.

"Good morning beautiful one, welcome," he said. "You know in an outfit like that you will drive men mad lusting after you."

"Thank you," she laughed. Her nipple still tingled from his playfulness. 

Aden had her pull around to the back of the house. When she parked he grabbed her hand and led her around to the back yard and down some steps, to the pool. The pool was surrounded by a thick, lush garden. Palm trees and fragrant flowers were every where.

" I thought we might talk, while we enjoy ourselves at the pool."

"I didn't bring a suit," she said shyly. 

"Suits, we don't need no stinking suits," he laughed "You will not need one love, No one here but us."

She wasn't sure about this but after last night being shy didn't really seem to be an option. She turned her back to him and undressed as quickly as she could. When she was about to remove her dress, she heard splash. That was something she wasn't expecting. She expected him to sit and watch her in all her glory. She finished undressing and turned around. He was swimming away from her, so she hopped right in.

The water felt so cool against her skin. It was like having her body lick all over by little tongues. This aroused her and had her nipples stiff. Aden swam up to her and kissed her gently. He grabbed her legs and lifted her up so that she straddled his waist while he floated on his back. Her pussy lips opened up and seem to wrap themselves around his hardening manhood and her clit was rubbing against his cock. He didn't do anything sexual to her just floated around the pool in that fashion and they chatted.

They got out of the water after about twenty minutes of talking and laughing. Aden took a huge fluffy towel and dried off Drucilla. He then had her lay on a lounge chair and proceeded to rub sunscreen on her. He moved her hair out of the way and slowly rubbed every inch of her flesh from her neck to her feet. He did pay some extra attention to her ass, all the while talking to her about his life. His finger slid between her globes and he oiled between them. He even circled her puckered hole, sending a new shockwave of passion through her. She even felt herself bouncing her ass up to meet his finger.

He had her flip over so he could do her front as well. She had never been naked in front of a man but felt they had been doing this together for years. He started at her neck even getting her ears. He worked his way down to each one of her fingers, paying special attention to each one then back up again. Over her chest around her bountiful breasts. He added extra oil to her nipples and slowly massaged it in. This treatment went on for a very long time, causing Dru to moan with desire and make her pussy wetter by the second. He covered every inch of her skin, working his way down from her shoulders to her flat stomach, missing her thighs and pussy, going down to her feet. His finger slide in and out from between her toes making sure each toe got special attention. She didn't know her feet could be so sensitive. He touched every part of her feet then went back up over her legs. His fingers kneaded her flesh from her knees and to her thighs.

Aden added lots more oil onto her legs making sure not to get any into or around her pussy. He rubbed and caressed her inner thighs bringing moans of joy from Drucilla. When she was about to ask him to stop teasing her, he suddenly got up. She just knew that man could read her mind.

"I'll be right back. I need to get a few things."

She couldn't stand this it was like torture. She would take this kind of torture any time of the day. 

Aden knew exactly what he was doing. He wanted her to want this more than she thought she could. He wanted to build up her pleasure and take her to the heavens. First he had a little surprise for her, something they would both enjoy.

After what seemed like a lifetime, he returned to her. She had a chance to cool down, but her fire for him was still there. He brought out a tray with some cool drinks and a box. She wasn't sure what to expect from him but she was willing to try anything for him. He sat down at a table near her and asked her to join him. She jumped to her feet and went to sit in his lap feeling his dick press up against her back.

"No love I need you to lay across the table with your legs open, wide open please?"

She looked at him with such confusion in her eyes but she did it anyway. She was spread open to his gaze. He kissed her fully on her pussy lips. He licked at her hair slit, dipping his tongue to her clit, making tiny circles around it.

"I like to eat a bare pussy, I think you will enjoy the feeling as well." 
