 On the surface it might seem ordinary enough, a kiss. A kiss that started with a hug... 

As our arms relaxed the pressure slightly our faces tilted together and our lips met. Intoxicated by the scent of you my tongue darted out to caress your mouth, and my hands slid down to your butt... it seemed that each time I inhaled more of your scent filled me, and the next thing I knew both hands were cradling your jaw lightly as the kiss stretched. 

After running my hands over your ears to find your hair surrounding my fingers, they took on a sense of their own. I unbuttoned your blouse as that same kiss wandered down to the delicate, hot skin of your neck. I felt your fingers move to my hair while my lips held me connected to you. Unwilling, but also unable to break the contact as I slid your blouse over your shoulders and it dropped to the floor, my hands began to roam the smoothness curves of your back while my mouth sought yours once more, leaving a damp trace back across your cheeks.

No, baby, this was no ordinary kiss. I listened to you drawing deeper and deeper and it reminded me of how gorgeous your breasts are as they rise and fall, and so my lips led me lower, kissing and licking down your neck, my fingernails scraping your sides and back as my whiskers tickled your skin and hot breath escaped my nose to create a contrast of warmth and coolness along the damp path to your nipples. Sucking one in deep and fast my fingers teased their way inside the waist of your slacks and I delighted in the sound of your voice reminding me of your ardor, your arousal swelling and blossoming... and the kiss went on.

Holding your nipple gently between my lips I let my tongue flick the tip in speedy little caresses. My hands slid down your hips, around the sides... they broke contact briefly, though my mouth would not, for this kiss had taken on a life of its own, and my mouth was nothing more than a means to convey my desire for you, to incite yours for me. Breathing deeply I licked from that first nipple to your other, lips and whiskers grazing your skin all the way. Licking a lazy circle outside your nipple and loving the feel of your hands in my hair I reached as low as I could, turned my palms toward your thighs, then scraped my nails firmly on them through the denim, drawing parallel lines of intent up the front of both legs... stopping only when I reached the point they join the torso. I knew you were feeling each somewhat differently...

Allowing my lips to tug your nipple in gently, I repeated the tongue flicks I had so recently lavished your other breast... then, with my hands all but forgotten for the moment, I took this nipple between my teeth and leaned my head back, allowing the nipple to slowly scrape and slip almost free as I tugged. Just before I might lose my tenuous grip I reversed, drawing as much of your breast into my mouth as possible, sucking hard, drawing you deep, and brought both hands to your inner thigh, creeping to your crotch to repeat the scraping-through-denim along your lips and clit, noting that the jeans were already quite damp. Oh the sound of your voice calling my name, urging me, needing me, loving me... I looked up and saw your head rolled back, your face to the ceiling, and my mouth needed yours... never leaving your hot skin, my kiss stretched back up your chest and neck, questing as I tasted, so that in time my lips met yours. I was startled at the heat of those lips as my tongue probed your mouth. I released the waist and zipper on your jeans.

I reveled in the gasp that escaped you directly into my mouth. Standing in front of you I slid just a trifle to my left, feeling the heat of your breast through the cotton of my shirt. I slid my right hand slowly inside your jeans, matching the way your hips wriggled side to side, one hip pressed firmly to my crotch... and such things you were saying... oh you urged me to fuck you now as my kiss smothered your words and my hand slid down toward your twat... you were having trouble standing as I invaded your tight clothes. My fingers found the top of your slippery pussy, and slid right down over your clit. With my index and ring fingers pressing, wrapping your lips around your swollen clit, the tip of my middle finger slipped up inside you. My palm pressed firmly to your clit as you rocked your hips toward me, rocked your head back... one hand in my hair the other grabbing my cock through my pants you gasped my name right into my mouth, our tongues dancing as you came within our long, slow, loving kiss.