 At the parking lot for the train, the rain was heaving down. The volume on the roof was nearly enough to drown out Jenn's moans and screams as I thrust in and out of her. The heavily fogged windows provided the perfect cover from the would-be prying eyes of other commuters.

Jenn's black pants were off one leg and on the other. Her shirt unsnapped and her tits overflowing the top of her white bra. She had gained about 25 pounds in the four weeks we'd been together and none of her clothes seemed to fit right. Perhaps it was because of the fringe benefits of working at Wendy's or maybe I'd been cooking too many romantic pasta dinners. But it seemed that since we'd began our relationship her weight had increased dramatically.

To tell the truth, a lot of things had intensified over the past month besides her weight. She'd become more clingy and needy but also more moody as well. A simple comment could cause either a fight or a dark cloud where she wouldn't speak to me for hours. Always followed by a teary apology and great make-up sex but the ups and downs were stressful and began to take their toll on me. There were times I regretted that first day helping her move with all the problems it caused.

For instance, during a conversation with one of her former classmate, Jenn revealed that she had "hooked up" with me. Well, in a small community like that word spreads quickly and I was quickly asked to turn in my resignation from the group home. Not that I had done anything illegal - Jenn was eighteen after all, and free to make her own decision - but the appearance of having a thirty-eight-year-old man lusting after girls old enough to be his daughter would have too many consequences for the agency that employed me. This left me jobless with about a month in savings and two months left paid on my apartment.

Additionally, Jenn in her clinginess had taken to calling herself "my little girl" in bed. That was just a short step to calling me "daddy" and I wasn't sure I wanted that to be the direction the relationship took. Join that with her moodiness and the unpredictable fighting and it was the perfect recipe for second thoughts. As good as the sex was and as beautiful as she was, I was about ready to call it quits and I think she might have been thinking the same.

So it was a welcome announcement when Jenn said she wanted me to drive her to the train station. She wanted to visit her father in Connecticut for three days as her own parents had just split up and then her friend Jamie for a "little girl time." While it was unusual that she would want to see her dad, as they have never been close, I was excited for some uninterrupted time myself.

Which brings us to the train station. Jenn's bag was in the back and we had about 45 minutes until the next train came. The small glass waiting booth was filled with huddled commuters bracing the raw wetness of the pissing rain. She told me to drop her off and that she didn't mind the weather. I told her she was just being stubborn and that she should at least kiss me good-bye.

Our relationship, as volatile as it was, was grounded in good kissing. Her full lips joined mine and our tongues danced. What started out as a delicate exploration of the petal-softness of her plump lips evolved into hungry and passionate violation of her innocent mouth.

She readjusted herself in the passenger seat and I released the seat lock at her side letting the back glide downward. My hands moved instinctively to her oversized breast. What were once D-cups had become DDD's and I welcomed the change. None of her shirts could contain them now and often buttons would be missing from her uniform from popping off. The seams of the pants she wore as part of her Wendy's uniform were straining from the new girth of her rear and hips and that was the last pair she had left.

Contemplating the wealth of curves she presented left my heart weak and my cock hard. I unsnapped her shirt and suckled at the abundance of flesh spilling over her tight bra. 

Jenn looked at her watch and said, "We're gonna have to make this quick if I'm gonna catch the train."

Not needing further encouragement, I fumbled with the black plastic button fastening her pants. It popped off in my hands and she sighed in resignation, or perhaps disappointment about her weight. I unzipped her and we both struggled to move the tight fabric below the equator of her ample wide ass. As the waistband of her black Rayon pants relinquished its resistance, she drew up one meaty thigh and removed it from the confines of both pants and panties, leaving her right leg clothed "in case someone comes."

Whatever the logic, I didn't care. I unzipped my own jeans and let my ten-inch prong stand at attention. Jenn was beautiful and sexy and delicious. Her round face, almond eyes, and olive skin made my heart melt inside. I positioned myself at the hot wet gate of her womanhood and rubbed the head of my cock against her swollen clit, a move I knew drove her wild.

"Quit teasing. you know what that does to me!" she cooed in my ear. I wasn't about to be rushed or forced. I continued jilling her off with the tip of my shaft. Faster -then slower - then faster again - watching the contentrd expression on my baby's face. Looking down I could see it glistening with the slick juice of her pussy.

"I know what that does to you. It makes you cum. Doesn't my little girl want to cum." As weird as I knew it was, I wanted her to call me daddy before she went to see her own father. I was determined not to stop teasing until I got my wish.

"I do. But I want to cum with you inside me. Oh, this is too much, lover. I need you in me," she whimpered.

"Does this feel good?" I asked as I brought my overlubed tip to the entrance of her ass. 

"Yes. You know it does. Please I want you in me."

Jenn had never let me in her ass. We'd talked about it and the willingness was there I suppose - as she didn't mind a finger in her from behind - or my tongue, if I was going down on her. But surprisingly, the subject hadn't presented itself in any real way until now.

"It feels good. But I don't think I can take it. I don't want to hurt. I promise when I get back you can fuck me however you want."

As she said that, I pushed the tip of my cock into her ass, just letting her get used to the feeling.

"Please no. Oh God, It's too much!!!"

"You don't like it? Tell me what my little girl wants." I eased out a bit letting her breathe.

"When I get back, I want you to take me in every hole. But not today. I don't want to hurt for this train ride. I promise, I'll even let you fuck my ass while I have a dildo in my pussy. I'm your slutty little girl. Anything you want baby. Anything."

"Call me Daddy." I said.

With that, her look softened and the power shifted. her hand moved from my back to my cock which she brought to her sopping slit.

"Is Daddy ready to take his baby?" she said. The hint of a tear streamed from her eye as I slid into her tight hole.

It didn't take long for either of us to reach a buildup.

Jenn whispered in my ear, "I'm close Daddy. You can cum inside me. It's okay. Your baby will never tell. Give me that cum. Make your little girl your cumwhore!"

As she ground her cunt around my shaft, her breath quickened and tears were making her mascara run. I used my forearms to spread her fat thighs further apart as I pounded my meat into her. In one final thrust, I buried as much of my prong as I could into her.

"That's it Daddy. Yes! That's it. I'm gonna cum! I'm cumming, oh I'm cumming!"

She clenched her body and seized into a climax as I felt the white heat of my loins erupt. Spasm after spasm burst forth into my little girls honeypot. 

"I'm cumming!" we both cried together. Reeling from the aftershock, we kissed frantically as we lay together. My hard sweating form in contrast to her soft round curves.

As I pulled my cock from her a last spray of sticky fluid landed on her belly. I moved to the drivers seat. She quickly got dressed and looked at her watch.

I exited the car and grabbed her bag. The rain had let up a little and I walked her to the yellow line of the platform.

After a long, soft, wet kiss Jenn whispered, "I love you Daddy."

"I love you too, baby"