 The night out with friends started out quietly but relaxing. I needed to let out the steam of the week, or the month more likely, and I luckily had the supportive friends perfect for this.

Stephen was gathering opinions to pick a pub for the night. 

"Samantha?" he inquired.

"Me? I like our regular pub, you know it, it has the best beer."

"Right, you wanna drink tonight huh?" he grinned, always being the one to push for some out-of-the-rules fun.

I laughed. "No, not really, I gotta drive, just a quick drink."

"Jenny and Joey can take you home, you girls live close." He pushed.

"Nah... I can't live the car here Stephen, and I gotta study tomorrow." I gestured him to let it go and he did, knowing I would gladly drink if I could.

That's when my phone rang, and I looked at the screen to find my boyfriend's brother's caller ID coming up. Weird, he never called me.

"Hey guys wait up." I called as I stopped walking and answered the call.

"Harry? What's up?" I asked worriedly, thinking something had happened.

"Samantha... I'm really sorry. I had to call you, I can't watch this anymore."

"What? What's happening Harry?"

"It's Dave." My boyfriend. My heart shrunk. It's true we haven't been talking much in the last weeks, maybe we were falling apart, but if something happened to him I would still be crushed, we had been together more than two years.

"What is it? Just tell me already!" I almost screamed in the speaker, my friend looking worriedly at me.

"He's... here with me at this pub and... he's got his hands all over this girl and... I'm really sorry Samantha, I should have told you earlier, but this is not the first time I see her around him, she's been coming at the house recently, but I didn't think..."

I couldn't speak. I was mortified. Dave? Cheating? He wouldn't... he would first tell me we weren't going well, he would.

"You're not fooling me Harry are you?" I almost hoped it was a cruel joke of his.

"No Sam, I'm really sorry... I... I took a picture if you want, I thought you needed proof to believe me, but maybe you shouldn't see it."

"Send it."

"Sam maybe..."

"I said send it Harry." I realized my tone was harsh and I should have been kinder to him who took the bother to tell on his own brother, but I was just so angry...

"Sent."

I turned the phone to see the screen and made the picture pop up. 

It shattered my heart. 

There he was, my Dave, his arms sneaking under the waist of some girl dressed in such a way... there was no mistake, it was him, and it was tonight, I knew the pub, I knew the band playing in the background was there tonight. And I knew Dave, if he got to this, there was no chance for us to ever get back together, it meant he didn't love me anymore, he would have never done this if he did. And I was angry, more than I was hurt. Maybe my love was fading as well, the picture sure helped. 

"Sam? You still there?"

I picked up the call. "Yes. Make me a favor Harry, don't tell Dave, I'll do this."

"Sure. I... I'm sorry Sam, you guys were so good together..."

"Bye Harry, Thanks." I closed the call.

"Sammy?" My friend Joey came close. "What's going on."

I showed her, Jenny and Marie the picture and they all gasped and swore and told me I should send him to fuck off. 

But I felt nothing, I only felt hurt, and angry, and fucked over. 

We hadn't had sex for a month, I knew something was up given how he usually wanted to fuck every moment possible, but I never thought it was this bad. I was obviously wrong.

Angrily, I got hold of my phone again, and as the guys of the group came closer and were filled in by the girls, I did what gave me most satisfaction in the last month.

I posted the picture on face-book, tagged him, his closest friends and relatives. They should all know what a bastard he was, what a son of a bitch I had the luck to stay with for two years. No that wasn't fair, his mother was lovely. I untagged her and promised myself I'd call her later, or tomorrow.

Philipp was now holding my phone, as Leo and Mark avoided my eyes. The girls kept insulting Dave thinking to make me feel better. And maybe it would have, but not right away. I still couldn't think badly of him. I had loved him for a long time, even if not so much recently.

Only Fred and Stephen wrapped the arms around my shoulders and waist, and I appreciated that the most. Their silence, and their presence.

"Stephen?"

"Yes?"

"I think I'm going to drink now, a lot."

His face was worried, but he nodded. "I'll take you home if you want or need me to."

"Yeah, or Philipp and I could." Said Fred. "You'll get home somehow, don't worry about a thing okay?"

It was kind of them, I really appreciated it, but I couldn't bring myself to smile sincerely. I shrugged, and let them guide me to my favorite pub.

It was hours later, and an undefined number of beers later. I was on a stool at the pub's counter, downing my third shot of tequila. I can hold my alcohol, but I was more than just tipsy by now. 

As the music thumped in my ears, I got the urge to dance, as I usually did when drunk.

Without thinking, I dragged the closest one of my friends on the dance floor. Mark followed without resistance, and pretty soon all of us were dancing and laughing at my stumbling as I was too drunk to keep on the heels and kept falling over Stephen or Mark, who promptly held me up. I really ought to thank the, for all they were doing for me. And drunk me even tried, but they didn't take me seriously, my words were a bit sloshed. 

Jenny and Mary took me back to the counter when I couldn't stand on my hurting feet anymore. I was at the point where I had to make a choice. Keep drinking to avoid feeling the tiredness and the pain, both in my feet and in my heart, or stop, go home, and cry myself to sleep.

I picked the first, I always did.

I downed a couple more shots, rested my feet, talked with Mary and Jenny of all the times Dave had been a jerk and tried to laugh my pain off.

"Sammy, your phone."

"Huh?"

"Your phone's ringing."

"Oh!" with the loud music and the dizziness in my head I didn't hear it. I had blocked Dave's number earlier, when I got tired of turning down his calls, so it couldn't be him.

I looked at the screen and for the second time that night I was shocked.

David. As in my best childhood friend who had a permanent crush on me since I was 14 and he was 18, six years ago. We only hung out rarely since I was with Dave, and it seemed fair to me not to lead him on further.

Now, why on earth was he calling, on a Saturday night at 1 a.m.?

Joey was approaching, and from her angle she could clearly see the screen, and the sheer grin on my face.

"Sammy, no."

"Why not?"

"Don't, you'll regret it. You're friends."

"He likes me, he always has."

"But you don't like him!"

"Who told you that? I mean I always thought he was attractive, and we get along perfectly, that's evident." The phone was still buzzing in my hand. "First I wanna know why he's calling." I smirked, and picked up.

"David!" my greeting was way too enthusiastic to be the girl who had found out her boyfriend cheating that night.

"Sammy? Are you okay? I saw the photo on face-book" Oh right, the picture, everyone knew.

"Mmmh... better now, but that might be because I'm drunk." I giggled.

"You're drunk? How are you getting home?"

"I have no idea" I laughed. "Someone will take me, I'll ask nicely." My voice was kind of husky, maybe let on my intentions on how I could gain a ride home that night. Only I didn't mean with anyone, I meant him.

"Yeah right, I don't wanna picture that." He sighed. "Where are you? I hear music."

"The usual pub, my favorite." He knew it, he took me here the first time.

"Ok, I'll be there in ten."

"Whoa David! I don't wanna go home! I'm just getting started!" I pouted even though he couldn't see me. Joey rolled her eyes and I suppressed a laugh. 

"Fine, then I'll be there and watch over you until you are ready to go home." He sighed. Damn he was really the best friend ever.

"How about you come over here and dance with me a little and take my mind off things?" I asked playfully. Joey and Jenny widened their eyes, hearing he would come over, and Mary chocked on her drink.

"Sounds good." His voice was strained now, it seemed, or was it just drunk me imagining things?

"Perfect!" I squealed. "I'll be here." Obviously.

"See you in a few." He hung up.

Smirking I put my phone back in the purse.

"Sammy what the hell?" Jenny asked.

"David is coming here." 

"We heard!" they all said in unison. "Why?"

"He wanted to! I only suggested he danced with me instead of, his words, watching over me." I smiled faking innocence.

Joey laughed, as always at last partner in my schemes. Mary shook her head and Jenny just looked at me weird and grabbed my arm. "Come on, let's dance, maybe you'll wear off some alcohol before you do something stupid."

It was Leo to tap my shoulder when David got there. I turned to see what he wanted and he just pointed at the door, smirking. "You called him?"

"He called me. He saw the picture."

"Right, and you so discouraged him to come here." He grinned.

Smiling a winked at him. "You know I didn't." I ran off to greet David and as soon as he saw me he smiled and walked over to me. But I just threw my arms around his neck and let him hold me up.

"You're here! I'm so glad you are." I kept giggling like a little girl.

"You're so drunk Sammy." He smiled. "I had to come and keep you off troubles." He held me under my armpit.

"Or maybe you just put me in bigger troubles." I winked, and not letting him think about it, I dragged him to dance. "Come."

We were all dancing in circle for a while, all friends dancing with each other, a part from Fred and Jenny, who were together.

But as the night grew older, the music changed, and we divided in smaller groups, until it was just me and David dancing in front of each other, but still not touching.

The mood was definitely changed between us, I was aware of it, and even David eyed me suspiciously, unsure of what I was doing. Hell, even I didn't know.

I started dancing closer to him, brushing my hair back, my hand on his arm, swaying my behind at him every time I did a twirl.

Until he caught my hand, pulled me towards him, and slid his hand on my shoulders, then my side. We danced like that for a while, his hands on my sides, my eyes burning into his, telling him I wanted him. Because I did. I could feel the heat of his hands irradiate from my sides and go deeper, lower, where I ached to be touched, had been for a month, but just now, alcohol helping, I was really, unbelievably horny.

I brushed my body on his, shortly at first, as if by mistake, gazing up at him from time to time, only to see him staring down at me and... down my shirt! Gotcha! I smirked as I caught his gaze and pressed myself on him shamelessly, his arms sneaking up around my waist, holding me close as I steadied myself holding onto his shoulders.

I breathed in his scent, I always liked how he smelled but this close... it was different, intoxicating. I inhaled deeply and squeezed his shoulders, my head rising to meet his gaze, curious to see how he was effected by this. 

But his finger under my chin brought my head up faster, and with no warning I felt his soft lips press on mine, his hand holding my head in place. I opened my mouth for him and enjoyed his fresh, new taste. His lips molded onto mine perfectly, and his tongue tasted every bit of my mouth, as if he couldn't get enough. I sure couldn't.

I gripped my hands tighter on his neck and shoulders, and felt his hand squeeze my side. I moaned into the kiss, but he probably didn't hear me, over the music.

He pulled away just enough to look in my eyes and smile, shaking his head. His lips neared my ear and I heard him whisper. "I can't take my hands off you if you look at me like that."

I giggled and pressed my body on his chest, closing my own lips on his earlobe. "Then don't."

I distinctively heard him groan, right before he grabbed my hand and pulled us out of the dance floor. We met Fred, Jenny, Joey and Stephen on the way, with look of various degrees of shock on their faces. I just grinned and let David take me to a quieter corner of the pub, waving at them. Only Stephen caught my arm. "I'm guessing we don't need to take you home?"

I grinned again and shook my head, running off.

As soon as we were out of the crowd, in a side corridor of the pub, David pushed me against the wall and crushed his lips on mine, with a rush I understood came from years of longing and watching from afar. I had been really unfair to him.

"Sammy..." he moaned on my lips squeezing my sides in his strong hands. He ground his hips on mine, and either he was carrying a gun, or he was so fucking hard I couldn't wait to touch him.

I moaned, loudly. "David..." I clasped my hand on the front of his shirt, and brought my lips to his neck, slowly kissing him up and down, from his jaw to the collar bone, nibbling every now and then.

"Sammy... just tell me one thing before I pick you up and drag you in my car." He placed his forehead on mine. "Are you doing this just for revenge? Could it be anyone, and I'm just here by chance?"

I scoffed. "No, idiot. You're here because you called, you cared, and I always cared about you, I always knew you cared, and there was something unsolved between us. now it's just the perfect chance." I rolled my eyes. "And yes, I'm hurt, I need not to think, but I also feel free, finally, and relieved I can do this and not feel guilty." And this was the kiss I gave him, thrusting my tongue past his lips to get back the taste I had been missing on all these years. I knew he believed me as soon as his lips caught my lower lip and pulled.

I saw him grinning. "You're coming home with me."

"Hope so, I told Stephen he didn't need to drive me home." 

"Oh so you did have someone o take you home!"

I smirked. "You think my friends would have just left me here? Of course I would have found a safe lift home."

"And you still made me come here." But he was smiling.

And I was too. "I told you, it had to be you."

He swiftly kissed my lips again and took my hand, dragging me outside. The cold night air hit my bare back and arms, left exposed by the electric-blue halter top.

"My car is right here, you'll be warm soon." He grinned, fully knowing the meaning of his words.

Once I was seated in the passenger seat, David didn't lose any time and started straight for his house. But I couldn't stay still. 

I rested my hand on his tight, slid it over to his inner tight and when he shook his head chuckling, catching on my intentions, I finally slid over his erection, gripping it as I could over the jeans, squeezing lightly and rubbing.

He took a deep breath and I felt the car speed up.

His house was less than 10 minutes away, and he parked so swiftly I couldn't believe he didn't wreck a tire on the sidewalk. As soon as the car was still and off he dragged me over his lap, taking me by the hips. I was straddling him now, my bare legs left exposed by my black leather shorts brushing on his jeans.

Our crotches were close, but still separated by too many layers of clothes.

I kissed him hard and clutched my hand on his hair, pulling a bit.

"God Sammy..." he groaned. "Let's go inside." Luckily, he lived alone.

We honestly ran up the stairs, and once at the door I was unceremoniously smashed onto it, my hands pinned above my head. Not that I minded, it had been so much time since I felt this kind of passion end excitement, I was craving for his skin to touch mine at that point.

I didn't see him unlock the door, and we stumbled him with me almost falling backwards. Chuckling, David picked me up and carried me to his bedroom, where I'd been many times, watching movies or playing some videogames when we were younger.

The light was off but the moon lit the room up just enough to see each other. He set me on my feet, and took my face in his hands, kissing me, invading my mouth. I brought my hands up to his shirt's buttons and started undoing them, one by one, kissing my way down his chest as I went, as soon as he let me break the kiss.

As I got to the last button I was now on my knees, looking up at him, in the dark, with his shirt open, his eyes hungry... he was so hot. Never leaving his gaze, I undid his belt, his zipper, and let the jeans fall. With the palm of my hand I rubbed the erection tenting the boxers underneath, and slowly, watching him, I hooked the waistband with my teeth and dragged it down, exposing him.

I had him all in front of me now, naked, and hot, and fucking huge. And I was so damn horny.

I wrapped my hand around him and at the same time licked the head of his cock, still staring in his eyes. 

He groaned, and as I took him deeper in my mouth, down my throat, as deep as I could go without gagging, he fisted his hand on my hair and guided me up and down, my tongue drawing patterns on the underside of his cock, circling the head and feeling him twitch and engorge with blood even more.

"God Sammy..." He panted and lifted me. "If you'd know how much I dreamed of you doing that..."

I grinned. "I think I have an idea." The thought of him masturbating thinking of me always turned me on, made me... proud maybe, even when I was with Dave.

He smirked and pushed me on the bed. I shuffled up on the center and motioned my finger for him to come to me.

"I feel overdressed here."

"I'll fix that."

He undid the button on my shorts and pulled them down my legs in a second, then climbed on the bed, hovering on me, staring in my eyes. His weight on his elbows, he slid my top over my head, and I was left in my lacey blue bra and matching G-string. 

He groaned and quickly discarded those too, only to gawk at me, mouth open, once he was done.

I blushed and averted my gaze.

"Always knew you'd be beautiful..." he whispered, and kissed my belly, tracing a line going south. "And shaved, I suspected you shaved." He groaned. "God you're wet."

I couldn't say anything. He licked the length of my slit and I shivered, overwhelmed. He tortured my clit with the flat of his tongue, holding my legs on his shoulders with his hands. I was shaking, on the verge and yet so far, I couldn't seem to keep my mind clear enough to come.

His tongue drove past my lips and drew a louder moan out of me. I was quivering, my mind holding back my body because it still didn't feel right. He must have sensed it.

"Let it go Sammy... Cum for me baby, come on, relax." He pumped his fingers into me, sending me a tad bit closer. "For me Sammy, I'm here, I'll be here as long as you want." And I knew I could believe him, he had been there, all this time, even when he knew he couldn't have me, and was still here when I needed him. I knew I could trust him.

His finger arched and hit my special spot, and I lost it, right there. "Fuck... Oh David..." I moaned, my muscles clenching, my back arching.

"Please... come here... inside me." I breathed, eyes closed. I felt him shift, move over me, and I spread my legs to make room for him.

His mouth was on mine again, in a lustful kiss where I could taste myself. "I want you Sammy." He groaned.

"I want you too, David... take me... please."

He looked worried for a second. "Sammy I don't have a condom."

I smiled. "I'm on the pill, come here, please."

"Oh thank God! As you wish baby."

He positioned himself and staring in my eyes, pushed inside in a single, slow move that sent my head back, my eyes wide and my mouth panting.

He groaned when he reached the deepest he could go and started ramming back and forth, hitting the right spot every time. His hands clasped on my hips, his mouth hungrily biting at my neck.
