 Her hair cascaded down to hit the floor as she arched her back thrusting her breasts forward to the caressing eyes of her audience. She was on her knees, legs spread, in only a lacy pink thong. She had anklets which jingled as she danced and bracelets that matched. An elaborate gold necklace laid between her breasts. She ran her fingers over her breasts, grazing the hard nipples as she swayed to the rhythm of the drums.

The men gazed at her, longingly. Their eyes as powerful as the touch of a man's hands. She rose to her feet and swayed her hips as her hand slid down over her stomach and on to her panties. She traced her fingers over the delicious wet spot and rubbed as her pelvis told the story she was dancing. She lifted her hands above her head in an Arabic pose, lifting her breasts and causing a jingle of the bracelets that complimented the music.

She thrust her hips from side to side and front to back, seducing the men. She wanted them. They wanted her. There was nothing else. She untied the bows at her hips and slid the wet panties from her body and tossed them to an attractive man, sipping a martini. Their eyes connected as she sunk to the floor, and he inhaled her fragrance. Her nipples stood straighter, and juices of arousal were beginning to drip down the inside of her leg. She doubled over backwards, her palms flat on the floor and she thrust her pelvis towards him as if he had just thrust into her. She moaned throatily and the men were silent. The music had ended, but she continued in her dance, thrusting her hips forwards and back in imitation of the oldest dance known to man.

She could feel his eyes touching her, taking her to new heights. She was intoxicated by his gaze. She ran her hand over her arched stomach and down to her swollen lips to caress herself. She straightened and drew her fingers up her body to her mouth, leaving a trail of wet. She locked her eyes on his and licked her arousal from her fingers. She closed her eyes and moaned, telling him, yes, I do taste good. He stood near the stage now, and she offered her hand to him. He sucked two fingers into his mouth and she cried out, audibly. 

The men at the party had no idea that they would be getting such a show, but she was overwhelmed with need and lust. He kissed her deeply as her hips ground into him, pressing her wet against the silk of his suit. He pressed his finger into her pussy and she danced against it. He curled his finger so that he brushed the tender skin inside. She jumped with surprise. He was sliding two fingers in and out of her now, and all the men were watching with amazement. He picked her up, and lay her in the middle of the room on a table and kneeled to push his tongue inside her. No one else touched her, though there were many naked cocks being stroked. She came with the force of lightening, and arched her back. She felt her body being sprayed with their cum. She ran her hands over her body, rubbing it in.

He was inside her now, gently. He was swiveling his hips with each thrust causing her to climb back up to that delicious height yet again. She danced on his cock, erotically, sensuously as he made a rhythm of his own thrusting in and out of her wanting pussy. She moaned and cried out, wanting and needing more. He gave her more.

He was thrusting hard and deep and fast now, and she could feel more cum hit her body. She arched her back and everything inside her exploded and her pussy convulsed on his cock. He pulled his cock out of her pussy and moved to her mouth, which he prodded open with little suggestion. He stroked his cock a few more times, and the white sticky liquid burned and sweetened in her mouth. She swallowed lovingly and he rubbed the tip over her mouth. She kissed the tip, and he put it back in his pants. She rose from the table and kissed him before going back to change. 

She came back out to find the party had left. On the table was a large sum of money...much more than she had asked for. She picked it up and walked out the door. She whistled for a taxi and felt a hand on her ass. "May I come home with you?" She looked at him and kissed him gently. "Yes, please do."