 I had to drop off some clothes that needed dry cleaned. There is a place not too far from where I work so I went there. I pulled up and went inside and I got a pleasant surprise. There was Cindy, a girl that I went to high school with. 

"Nick, I haven't seen you in ages," she said to me.

Cindy was this hot brunette in high school. Unfortunately, we ran in different circles so I never went out with her. I handed her my clothes. She told me to come back behind the counter with her. I didn't know what she wanted to show me. It was late and there weren't any customers other than me. She led me to the back of the store. When we got there she turned around and put her arms around my neck. 

All of a sudden we were kissing each other.

"I always wanted to go out with you in school," she said to me.

Before you knew it we were groping each other. I had a hand on one of her breasts, the other hand was down on her crotch. I rubbed the outside of her pants as Cindy moved her hips against my fingers. This didn't last very long. The bell rang that said someone entered the sore. Cindy had to compose herself and see what this person wanted. When she came back she said we should get together sometime.

Cindy quickly wrote down her phone number and address for me. I only wished we could have continued our brief fun. The next evening I was thinking about Cindy and decided to call her. When she answered I could hear a voice in the background.

"Oh hey, how are you doing?" She said to me.

I said I was calling to see if she wanted to get together sometime soon.

"Yeah, we can do that. How about if I get back to you?" She replied.

I could swear I heard a man's voice. I got the impression that she might be having sex and I interrupting something. I forgot about hooking up with Cindy. Why would she even want to see me if she was fucking some other guy? I put it all out of my mind when a couple days later Cindy called. She wanted to see me. I told her I heard another man when I called.

She sheepishly told me that was her old boyfriend. He just happened to stop by. I said it sounded like more than a friendly visit by the old boyfriend. She said not to worry. He was in the past. I got a bad feeling in my gut but I took Cindy up on her offer. I would stop by on Friday night and we would go out.

I arrived at the proper time. Cindy wasn't even dressed to go out. She had a t-shirt and shorts on. Once again she wrapped her arms around me and kissed me with her tongue this time. I figured we wouldn't be eating out tonight. It started all over again. We were stripping each other out of our clothes. I finally got to see those ripe tits of hers. They were the size of grapefruits and her pussy was shaved clean.

My cock was twitching, just wanting to get at Cindy. She led me back to her bed and she pushed me onto my back. Cindy climbed on top of me. She began to rub her pussy lips up and down my shaft. It didn't take long before I was hard as a baseball bat. Cindy lifted up and she slowly lowered herself onto my dick.

"I always wanted you in high school," she told me.

I guess I was stupid for never making a play at Cindy. We got into a fucking rhythm. I would shove my cock up into her belly as Cindy lowered her wet pussy onto my staff. I had to touch those tits. I reached up and cupped each one in a hand. I milked each one as Cindy rode my prick. 

"You're so fucking big Nick!" Cindy screamed out loud. "Give it to me hard."

I drove my rod in the whole way. Our pubic bones touched each time Cindy dropped down onto my cock. I fucked her like it was the first time I ever had a woman. We went at it for close to a half hour I imagine. Cindy started to cry out. She was having her orgasms.

"Don't think about pulling out. I want you to cum in me," she said.

That was okay by me. I kept slamming my hard meat into her belly. It wasn't that long until I felt myself ready to blow. I slid into Cindy's tunnel and then I squirted my cream into her pussy. Cindy's body started to thrash about. Her head went back and she let out this loud moan. This got me worked up even more. I fired one rope after another into her tummy. Thankfully I had a large load stored up. 

I took my hands from her tits and I placed them on her hips. I was holding Cindy down onto my dick. It must have taken fifteen minutes before Cindy got herself calmed down some. Once she did calm down she lifted herself up and ran into the bathroom. When she returned she was in a bathrobe. 

"That was fantastic! We'll have to do it again sometime."

Just like that we were finished. Nothing more for that night. I got my clothes on and Cindy walked me to the door. She kissed me and I was on my way. Fantastic sex and then shown to the door. I was pissed. I got in my car and I sat there for awhile. Sure enough I saw a car pull up and some man walks up to Cindy's door. He rings the bell and she answers the door and lets him in.

Damn, She was going to fuck two different guys that night. I couldn't believe it. Needless to say I didn't call her to rearrange another meeting. Three days passed and I got a call from Cindy.

"Why haven't you called me?" She asked.

"Maybe it's because you got rid of me so you could have your other lover later that night," I told her.

The other end of the phone got quiet. 

"What are you talking about?"

I told her I sat out in the parking lot. I saw her other lover come to the door and I saw her kissing him. 

"You weren't supposed to see that," she told me.

She quickly said that her boyfriend and her were going through a rough patch. She didn't know if they would stay together or not. I said I really didn't want to hear her lame excuses and I hung up on her. I was really mad on how things ended. Cindy was one hell of a fuck. I could get used to that on a regular basis. The only pisser was I still had to pick up my clothing.

I hoped Cindy wouldn't be there when I arrived but no such luck. I gave her my ticket and Cindy came with my clothes.

"I guess it wouldn't help if I said I was sorry," she told me.

I said I really couldn't trust her. I am not the type who is going to share. Just like that I was out the door. I thought I might weaken and tell her everything was okay by me. Maybe a week went by and then my phone rang. I should have seen who it was first but I answered. You guessed it. It was Cindy. She want to apologize once more. She said the old boyfriend was now out of the picture for good. We could still see each other if I wanted.

I surprised myself. I said I would need some time to think about things. I would get back to her if I wanted to continue with her. The thing was, I was so horny right then. I wanted to go over and fuck Cindy hard. I took a chance and drove over to her apartment. The boyfriend's car wasn't there. I rang the doorbell and Cindy answered.

"I'm going to trust you this one more time," I said.

It took us all of thirty seconds to get back to her bed. We were soon naked and I had Cindy get on all fours. I pulled her ass up and then I fitted my mushroom to her gash. I drove into her hard and fast. Oh yes, she screamed as I was going to punish her for fucking around with me. My hands went to her waist and I pounded Cindy like she was some cheap slut. This thing was, Cindy loved it all. She begged me to use her as hard as I could. 

I leaned over her back and I found each of those beautiful tits. I squeezed each one as I pushed my piston into her greedy hole. I took Cindy much longer than our first time together. 

"You're mine now!" I practically screamed at her.

Whether I believe it or not, Cindy said she wanted to be mine completely. She just pleaded with me not to pull out. I was just supposed to keep fucking her. That is exactly what I did. We did switch positions. Cindy got on her back. I took hold of her legs and brought them onto my shoulders. I straighten out and pushed in as deep as I could.

Cindy cried out and begged for my cock. She said she never felt anything like it before. I didn't know what to think but I was going to make sure she got the fucking of a lifetime from me. Cindy's pussy was clutching my cock tightly. She told me she needed my love batter in her tummy. I gave her what she needed. My cum came pouring from the tip of my dick. I shot wads of hot seed deep inside her body. 

It took a long time for us to get calmed down. There was no running to the bathroom and then ushering me out the door. I stayed the night and in the morning I took Cindy again. I am cautiously hoping this will work out for me. I do know if I catch Cindy going back to the old lover this will be it for me. I just plan on giving her cock for as long as the good times last.