 She looked like cherry pie. 

That was my first thought. My second thought was, what the hell was a woman like that doing stumbling around a dark street on a Friday night?

"Excuse me, miss..." I started, trying to stop her as she wobbled near the edge of the sidewalk.

"Fuck off," she said, soliciting a picket fence for support. Her blonde hair had tumbled out of whatever had been holding it together, one strap of the dress was hanging precariously off her shoulder and she had a small smudge of mascara across her left cheek. Her lipstick matched the short red dress she was wearing and the sky high heels she was just barely managing to stand on. 

She swayed a little, digging through her purse looking for something. A few tubes of something clattered to the ground as she pulled out her phone and look at it in confusion.

Ace, my German Shepherd, glanced up at me and whined a small sound of distress. 

"It's okay buddy. Look," I took a step towards her, "it's a little cold out here, why don't you let me help you get home? Where do you live?"

She looked up at me with a scowl. 

"Here."

I glanced around, at the restaurants and bars lining the street.

"Hmm," was my comment.

Unimpressed, she moved to strut past me, then her shoe caught on something and she stumbled. Reflexively, I reached out to steady her. Ace barked.

"I'm fine," she said, but held onto me.

"What's your name?"

"Charissa," she said, sniffing.

I pulled off my jacket and wrapped it around her shoulders.

"Okay, Charissa. How about we go inside for a second?"

She looked around, as if seeing her surroundings for the first time. Then, as if just realizing she'd lost track of where she was, seemed to acquiesce.

"All right."

------------

He had nice eyes. That's all I could think, when I finally got a decent look at his face. Deep brown, with crinkles at the corners. One of his eyebrows had a break in it, I was trying to decide if it was because of a scar or if he'd maybe done something to it to make it look that way on purpose when I missed half of what he was saying.

"-on your ID?"

"Huh?" was my undignified reply.

"Is that your current address?" he clarified, motioning towards my driver's license sitting on the countertop. I'd ordered another glass of wine, disregarding the looks from him and the bartender, and against my own better judgment. I knew I was a mess. I didn't care. I'd recently lost my job, so I figured I was entitled.

"Uh huh," I leaned into him. Or more accurately, he helped prop me up on the bar stool so I didn't go toppling off. 

"Mind if I...?" he motioned for me to give it to him.

I became preoccupied with the light smattering of freckles across his nose. Why should that be so sexy? I reached out a fingertip to trace from the tip of his nose, down to the corner of his mouth, which had quirked into a half-smile.

"Ah..." he grabbed my hand, gently pushed it away. "Listen, why don't I call you a ride?"

I nodded, his voice was a pleasant rumble as the room started to swirl a little again. Butterflies bloomed in my stomach and I felt his arms come around my shoulders snugly. Something wet brushed my hand and glanced down towards the floor. The dog glanced up at me and whined again.

"Hey, pal, we ain't really supposed to have dogs in here," I heard the bartender say in a low voice.

"We're leaving soon. Give us a sec?"

I felt myself being pulled upright and struggled to get my legs under me. I giggled, leaning into the male smell of leather and spice. My head, heavy at this point, dropped to his shoulder.

"Take me home?" I murmured to him. 

In response, his arm tightened around me. The ground tilted. 

"You sure?"

"Mmmhmm," I nibbled on his ear. What was wrong with me? Then again...why not. I breathed in his smell, letting my nose trail his neck. Yum.

How we got from the bar to my apartment became a blur. In what seemed like only seconds, we were at the front door to my apartment. At least I recognized it.

I fumbled with my keys and he helped me push the door open.

"Come on in," I heard myself say.

-----------------

Technically, she'd invited me in. Was she capable of making sound decisions at this point? Probably not, I admitted. Then again, I had a beautiful woman in my arms so who was I to argue. Doubting my resolve, I hitched her up against me and we made our way through the dark apartment.

"Ace, go lay down," I ordered. He gave me a somber stare, then padded across the living room and settled himself in the corner.

"Good boy."

"Good boy," she echoed, giggling again, her tongue busy once more by my ear. God, help me.

Thankfully, the bedroom was not hard to find. Figuring it would be easiest, I picked her up and laid her in the center of the bed. Her hands fisted on my shirt and I hesitated.

"Stay," those big blue eyes pleaded. She cleared her throat. "I want you to stay."

Well, that was pretty damn coherent.

"Okay. Just a minute," I left her for a second to try to go clear my head. 

Luckily her apartment was a one level, I got a glass and filled it with some water, fumbled around in her bathroom medicine cabinet for some Tylenol.

When I went to set the pills on her bedside table, she'd kicked off her heels and was in the process of unzipping her dress.

"Can you help me?" she pouted with full, red lips. A black lacy bra adorning full breasts spilled out of the dress. 

I sat on the edge of her bed, not quite touching her. She must have sensed my hesitation, even half smashed. 

"Come here," she said, tugging on the front of my shirt. "I want you to."

I finally gave in as her lips met mine, firm and persistent. Vaguely and somewhat guiltily, I heard myself think, you might as well give the lady what she wants. I never claimed to be a saint.

Somehow, she slithered her way onto my lap, straddling me, and proceeded to whisper in my ear.

"Touch me. Take off my dress."

Automatically my hands lifted to stroke up her back. She clasped her arms behind my neck and, throwing her head back, started a tantalizing sway of her hips, gently grinding against me. Slowly, I unzipped her dress and peeled it down her torso. I leaned forward as she pulled me closer, and burying my face in between the tops of her breasts. Her skinned smelled fantastic, something fruity and sweet.

My hands roamed up her legs, sliding the dress higher as well, until they reached her hips. I gripped them tightly, stopping her movements, my thumbs slipping under the thin string of her panties.

"Oh," she moaned. "Yes."

I smiled against her skin, kissing my way up her neck. I bit the soft skin there and was rewarded with another sound of female pleasure. I kneaded the attractively full flesh of her ass-God she was hot-and she encouraged me with another scorching kiss, her tongue probing deep. 

I gave one of her breasts a squeeze, the other unclasping her bra, then let it slip from her body. She had incredible breasts, and I took turns giving them my undivided attention, suckling them to stiffness, loving all the sounds she made.

"Fuck me. I want you to fuck me," she growled, gripping my hair. One hand reached down my back, her nails raking against my skin.

I stood up, taking her with me, and her legs instinctively wrapped around my hips.

"Are you sure that's what you want?"

She nodded slowly several times, all that tousled golden hair falling across her face sexily.

Leveraging her against the wall, I reached into my back pocket for my wallet and managed to shake out a condom. I unzipped, tore it with my teeth, slipped it on and yanked her underwear aside.

Slowly, agonizingly, I let her sink onto me. She had her arms and legs viced around me, her breath heavy in my ear. She moaned.

"Mmmm," she sucked on my earlobe. "Fill me up, baby."

Pushing her against the wall, I began to thrust slowly, teasingly. She clenched around me, squirmed.

"More," she demanded.

I kept up my slow, tantalizing pace, taking my time pulling out and gently easing back in.

"Oh, God, please," she begged. I felt her nipples harden against my chest. Her breath heaved faster.

I pulled out completely and she protested, I spun her around, my hands gripping her breasts as I pressed her back against my chest. She ground her hips back against me in response, a frustrated noise escaping her lips.

Keeping a grip on her hips, I pushed her towards the bed. She caught herself with her hands, bent over, her glorious upturned ass making two perfect globes. The two little dimples on her low back had me suppressing a groan. 

I gave her ass a spank. She responded with a startled "ah!" then I reached around and dipped my hand down the front of her panties. With one finger, I teased between her folds, felt how wet she had become. Pulling her hips back against me, I teased her again, my hard length sliding between her thighs, scraping my teeth along her shoulder.

"Tell me what you want."

"Ah," she groaned, arching her back and pushing her hips back more. "Fuck me. Fuck me hard."

Undone, spreading her legs wider, I ripped her underwear aside and thrust hard inside her. She cried out, a primal sound, as I continued to pump in and out. My fingers dug into her hips, pulling her back against me to create a satisfying slap of skin with each stroke. I slapped her ass again, once, twice, as I felt her begin to tighten around me.

"Oh God, oh God," I watched her back muscles flex, felt her tense.

"That's it, baby," I heard myself grunt with another thrust, watching her ass ripple against the onslaught, fucking her harder. I teased her asshole, pressing my thumb against her tight bud and penetrating just slightly. "Come for me."

I continued to give her what she wanted, occasionally spilling a few dirty words. She screamed, shuddering and I felt her climax. Impossibly tight, I continued to drive into her slick, warm tunnel. Then, finally, I let myself go.

...later that night, while she slept naked and sprawled on the bed, I wrote her a note and left it by the Tylenol. Praying, hoping, that I'd hear from her again.