 (Thanks to my editor 'larryinseattle' for again turning my simple tale in a story worth reading.) 

***** 

Two weeks passed. Two of the slowest, longest, most frustrating weeks of my life. Each morning I'd get up, shower and dress, eat breakfast, and then go to work. When I returned home, I'd make dinner, watch some TV or work on my computer, and go to bed. 

Not that I slept. Each night was filled with dreams and fantasies of my step-mother, Dani, her beautiful, lush body and what it had felt to make love to her. Or I'd dream of the mystery woman who'd started the whole chain of events and brought me to this point when she'd turned me down at the bar and said I was 'dumb as a stump'. Or worse yet, I'd dream about my mother in bed with another woman or a young man because of what Dani'd said to me. 

It didn't make a difference, the results were always the same. I'd wake up just as tired as when I'd gone to bed with either a raging hard-on or a wet spot on my sheets. 

I wondered if other 20 year olds had the same problem but quickly realized it didn't matter since I wasn't like most other 20 year olds. I'd been told since I'd been very young that I was 'gifted' and 'far beyond my years'. By the time I was 14, I'd graduated from high school. I had accumulated 4 Bachelor Degrees, 2 Master's Degrees, and a PhD by time I was 20. The only problem was that the topic of women and sex had been completely forgotten along the way. 

That's what had driven me to go back home for a visit a month ago. A lot had changed since the last time I'd been there though. My mom and dad had divorced and my mom had moved to California. My brother had married his high school girlfriend and they were expecting a baby but the most shocking was that my dad had remarried. 

Danielle, Dani, his new wife and I ran into each other, literally, within the first few minutes after I arrived home. She'd been coming out to the bathroom while I'd been heading for my bedroom, the result was me sitting on the floor and her, completely naked, standing over me. 

She was gorgeous; 5-foot, 9-inches tall with dark brown hair that was highlighted with streaks of auburn, blue-gray eyes, and a deeply-tanned, 34DDD-26-34, body. 

As usual, when I was around a woman, I stuttered and stumbled my way through our brief talk and almost ran to my bedroom. When my dad got home that night he'd told me about how he and Dani had gotten together while Dani let it slip that she knew my mother and about her new life style. It was too much to handle and I ended up making a fool of myself when I had a fight with my sister-in-law later in the evening after I'd had too much to drink. Needless to say, dad wasn't in the mood to talk about my problem when I told him about it the next day and simply said I'd 'grow out of it'. 

Dani had other plans. Instead of ignoring my problem, she was waiting for me in my room later that day. She told me how her body had developed at a young age and so she understood what it meant to be different. She also said she'd decided to help me with my problem. For the next few days, she showed up in my room and each time she'd teach me something new about making love to a woman. The first time she taught me about a woman's breasts and how to get a woman turned on by playing with them. The second time, she taught me about a woman's erogenous zones. She also taught me how to lick a pussy and how to kiss a woman. And the third time, she taught me how to make love to a woman, including how it felt to cum inside her. 

Our last time together had been the day I'd left. I'd found her in the laundry room. We had a 'quickie' with her bent over the dryer and another load of my cum deep inside of her. 

That had been two weeks ago and now I was going crazy. I thought about going back home again but realized that might make the rest of the family suspicious. Then I considered going to visit my mom but the idea of finding her with a young guy or woman wasn't something I was ready to deal with. That left only one option. After work, I went home, got washed up and dressed. Gone were the checked shirts, corduroy pants, and tennis shoes. Instead, I dressed in a navy-blue, contoured, polo shirt, comfortable jeans, and black shoes. 

The bouncer didn't even ask for my ID. I walked into the bar and got myself a glass of sour soda with a lemon; a trick Dani had taught me. I walked around for a little while and then noticed the woman who'd told me off the last time I'd been there. 

I walked up to her confidently. "Hi." 

"Hi," she said, a smile on her face. 

"Do you remember me?" 

She had a confused look. "I ... I don't think so." 

I leaned closer and whispered into her ear what had happened that last time we'd met. 

"Ohmigod!! I did that??" 

"Yep." 

"I'm so sorry. That night was a friend's bachelorette party. I got pretty wasted." 

"No problem," I said. "But I'll tell you what. What would you say if I asked if I could buy you a drink to make up for it?" 

I caught her looking me up and down before she answered, "Sure why not." 

I took a seat next to her and put everything Dani had taught me about seducing a woman to work. 

The first thing I did was swivel in the stool so I was looking directly at her. When she did the same, I knew that step one had been accomplished. To the rest of the bar it now looked like were together. I also moved my leg so it was between hers. Though 'innocent' in many ways, it also implies that we're comfortable and open to each other. It was only natural that we quickly fell into a conversation. 

I found out her name was Gail and she was 28 years old. I was surprised to find that she was a computer programmer at a large company and had actually worked on several projects similar to one's I'd been working one. 

When she asked what I did for a job I told her I worked for the government and gave her the old line about having to kill her if I told her any more. She looked at me cynically and asked how old I was. I was honest and told her I was just about to turn 21. From the look on her face, I could tell she was both shocked and intrigued so I pulled out my ID and showed it to her to prove I was telling the truth. "Is there a problem because I'm younger?" 

She once again gave me the 'once over' with her eyes before replying, "Not really. To be honest, I prefer younger men, they're ... mmmm ... much more athletic and they recuperate much faster." 

From the blush on her face, I knew that she was fully aware of the sexual innuendo of her comment. A few moments later, I 'accidentally' spilled some of my drink. When I stood, I lightly brushed my hand across her arm as I reached for some napkins. At the same time, my leg brushed against her inner thigh and I whispered, "I'm sorry," into her ear, so that my breath flowed over the sensitive skin of her ear and neck. 

Her upper lip trembled as she exhaled a deep sigh. "That's okay." 

We sat there for the next half-an-hour talking and laughing. Occasionally, I asked her to dance, usually to a slow dance, mumbling that I wasn't a very good dancer. She'd laugh and tease me about it but never pulled away as our body's rubbed against each other. After one dance, I noticed her rubbing her shoulders and neck, and I offered to massage them for her. 

"Here?" 

"Sure, why not? It's not like I was going to undress you or anything." A brief look of disappointment flowed over her face and I knew that for that instant she'd thought about what it might be like to be naked with me. 

I guided us back to our stools and had her turn her back to me. Lightly, I brushed her hair aside revealing her long, sculptured neck and the barest hint of brunette roots to her golden-blonde tresses. I didn't say a thing as I gently began rubbing her shoulders, including her neck, paying special attention to the area around her ears and hairline. 

"Mmmmmm ... that feel good." 

"Glad to hear it," I replied as I leaned forward and again whispered into her ear. This time I saw her shiver from the feel of my hands and breath on her body. 

"Could you do my back too?" she asked. 

"I don't think I have enough room. What do you think of finding a booth?" 

She turned back towards me; her eyes glazed and her upper lip quivered. She licked her lips, seductively, before replying, "I think I'd like that." 

It took a few moments but we did find a booth, fortunately, towards the back of the bar. I had her slide in first and then sat next to her. She, immediately, turned so her back was towards me again. This time my hands pressed harder, rolling and kneading the skin of her neck, shoulders, and upper back. I felt the straps of her bra and cursed under my breath that they were in the way. 

It was as if she was reading my mind when she looked over her shoulder, past me and at the rest of the bar, before softly saying, "Let me take care of that." In an instant she reached inside the front of her top and I felt her bra loosen. "The advantage of a front snap," she teased. 

"I'll have to remember that," I joked in return. 

The moment I started to massaged her back again I heard her moan. 

"Are you okay?" 

"Oh yeah," she blushed. "It just feels so good." 

I reached out gently, barely touching her with my fingertips. "So you like this?" 

"Yessss. In fact, I was wondering if you'd ...," she paused as she looked over her shoulder again to make sure no once as watching us as she lifted the back of her top reveling the bare skin of her lower back. "A disadvantage of sitting at a desk all day long." 

"It would be my pleasure," I said as I gently began to rub the exposed skin. Ripples and tremors ran up and down her spine. I could see a delicate coating of sweat building on her neck as her breathing changed and became irregular. 

Then, suddenly, she pulled away. "I think we better stop." 

"Okay," I replied nonchalantly. 

We continued sitting in the booth, our body's brushing against each other. As if by some unspoken command, we turned towards each other. She leaned towards me just as I leaned towards her. Our lips met and the world around us evaporated. Her arms slid around my neck as mine slid around her waist, finding themselves under her top, lightly caressing her back. 

Then, we were suddenly pulled back into reality as the lights came on and the bartender called out that it was time to close. 

We broke apart, breathlessly. She looked at me, saying, "I don't understand?" 

"Understand what?" 

"This," she indicated by pointing first at me and then at herself. 

"What's to understand?" 

"I ... I don't know how to say it without seeming like I'm some kid of slu ..." 

"Hey, just say whatever it is you want to say," I interrupted, in a soft, gentle voice. 

She hesitated, "I think I better leave." 

"If that's what you want," I replied, inwardly disappointed. 

When she stood up, she looked around the bar. "Shit!" 

"What's wrong?" 

"It looks like my friends left without me." 

"Ahhhhh," I replied, pausing before I continued. "I can give you a ride." 

She stared at me and I could sense the battle going on inside her. Then she moved closer, her mouth against my ear. "I'll warn you now, if I leave here with you I'm going to be the one giving you a ride." She finished by sliding her hand down and cupping the growing bulge in the front of my pants. 

"Then let's go riding," I said, as I slid my arm around her waist. 

As we walked through the bar, I got my first really good look at her. She was beautiful. She stood just about as tall as me but I could hear her high-heels so figured she was actually about 5-foot, 6-inches tall. Her skin was lightly tanned which highlighted her green eyes and 'blonde' hair. She walked with the grace of a dancer, balanced on long, toned legs. 

We walked to my car, arm-in-arm, and when we got there, I opened the door for her. Just as she turned to sit down I asked, "Your place or mine?" 

Her answer was to throw her arms around my neck and kiss me, passionately. Our tongues were soon twisting and twirling against each other. It wasn't until we heard someone yell, "Get a room," that we finally broke apart. 

"I have a roommate and she's probably got her boyfriend with her since I didn't leave with them so I guess it's either your place or ..." she glanced at the rear seat of the car. 

My hormones went into overdrive as I thought about throwing her in the back seat and fucking her until neither of us could move but something else told me that wouldn't be the best option with her. 

Instead, I pulled her close, and whispered, "Maybe another time. Besides, I'm not sure what might happen if we got caught. The one thing I am sure of is I don't want to try and explain why we were arrested for indecent exposure and fornicating in a public place to my boss," I laughed at the technical name for fucking. 

"Me either," she giggled, "So guess that means your place." 

"Guess so," I answered as I held the door for her as she slid in. 

As soon as I closed the car door, I ran around the car and jumped into the driver's seat. It hardly seemed like seconds before we pulled into the parking lot beneath my apartment. "Are you sure about this?" I asked giving her a chance to change her mind. 

"Too late to turn back now," she purred, as she slid from her seat. 

I quickly joined her at the elevator door. The moment it opened, we stepped in and before it closed, we were wrapped in each other's arms again. 

"I've needed this for so long," she sighed. 

What?" 

"This," she answered as she hugged me tighter. "It's been over a year since I've had a man ... well ... hug me. I've 'been with' a few men in that time but all they wanted to do was get in bed and fuck. With you ... it's somehow different. I mean, I'm not sure what my feelings are right now but this somehow feels 'right'. Does that sound crazy?" 

"No," I replied, knowing exactly what she was talking about as I wrapped my arms around her and hugged her closer. I'm not sure what anyone might have thought if the elevator door had opened and I didn't care. 

When we got off on my floor, I led the way. "Last chance," I said again as I put the key in. 

Her answer was to push me aside, unlock the door, and step in. "You coming in or what?" she teased. 

I laughed as I stepped into my own apartment. This was definitely not how I had thought things would work out for the evening. They were even better. "Want something to drink?" I asked. 

"No, but I could use the bathroom," she replied as she looked at the various pictures, diplomas and awards I had up on my wall. 

"Down the hall, first door on the left," I called out. It was amazing how relaxed we were with each other. It was as if we both knew that there was no need to hurry because we'd be spending a lot more time together. 

I made myself a glass of iced tea and was just coming out of the kitchen when I saw her coming down the hallway. She was wearing my white terry-cloth robe. 

"Hope you don't mind. My dress was getting a little uncomfortable." 

"Not at all," I answered, as I put my glass down. 

We walked towards each other and met at the couch. We wrapped each other in our arms and seemed to naturally lie down on the top of the soft, spongy cushions. My ... her robe fell open, partially exposing the black, lace bra she wore underneath but I was in no hurry. 

We kissed again, my lips pressed against hers. She moaned from the feeling of my weight on top of her, covering her entire body. I began by kissing her neck, lightly licking and nibbling at the exposed flesh. 

Her arms reached up and wrapped around my back, pressing herself against me as she pulled us closer. "Don't stop," she murmured into my ear. 

I continued to gently kiss her as I held her in my arms. Suddenly, I heard a sob and a tear slid across my cheek. I pulled away and looked up at her. Her eyes filled with tears. "Are you ...?" 

"Shhhhhhhh," she silenced me before she continued, her voice soft and muted. "Two years ago my husband, the only man I'd ever loved, was killed in an accident. That night, something died inside of me. Since then I've had a couple of one-night stands but ... but ...," she didn't finish, the sobs coming from deep within her. 

I moved, crawling up over her and then rolling us onto our sides so we could both lay on the couch. I slid my arm under her head and held her sobbing body in my arms, gently stroking her hair. "I'm here." 

"That's what I'm talking about?" 

I had no idea what she was talking about and the look on my face obviously showed it. 

"You're being such a ... a ... I guess the word is gentleman. You could have had me in the car or as soon as we walked into your apartment but instead ...," she stopped again, obviously searching for the right words. 

"Instead you've made me feel things I haven't felt since I was with him. Things I thought had died along with him and that I'd never feel again. I feel things here," she lightly touched her chest, "and here," she moved her hand lower to glide over her stomach, "and here," she finished with her hand nestled between her legs. "When I met you the first time I thought you were a joke that one of my girlfriends had tried to set me up with. Then tonight when you came up to me I realized that I was wrong and ... well ... I took a good look at you and thought 'What the fuck? Why not.' I decided to go with you and hopefully forget about the past, at least for a little while but now ... now I don't want to forget and I don't want to just get fucked. Tonight, I want to remember what it's like to make love to someone again." 

I continued laying there, stroking her hair and face as she revealed her deepest secrets to me. I knew I could take her to bed and fuck her but that wasn't what she wanted ... and, suddenly I realized, neither did I. I shifted, raising up on my elbow, before crawling over her. When I stood up, I held out my hand. "I that case, what do you say we go to the bedroom. The couch is for fucking. The bedroom is for making love." 

The smile that appeared on her face seemed almost as bright as a ray of sunlight. "Lead the way," she whispered. 

I led the way down the hallway and to my bedroom. Fortunately, one of the things about me is that I'm a 'neat freak' in addition to everything else so my room was clean and everything was put away. 

"Nice," she said as she slowly turned, looking at everything, until her eyes settled on the bed. "Queen size?" 

I shrugged, "I was always hoping to share it with someone." 

"No more hoping," she said as she gently pushed me backwards onto the bed. 

I stretched out staring back at her as she slowly untied the belt around 'our' robe. Then she turned around so that her back was towards me. Slowly, she slid the robe off one shoulder as she looked over the same shoulder at me. Our eyes locked and I felt my heart quicken. 

'Dani had never said anything about this,' I thought. 

She lowered the robe further revealing the tawny colored skin of her arm, and then, in a flash, she pulled her arm completely from the robe. Her shoulder and back were now partially exposed along with a black lace strap from her bra. 

"Nice," I said, softly. 

"I'm glad you like," she replied. "You see there's something you should know about me." 

"Another secret?" 

"Kind of." 

"Okay." 

She answered by spinning around, the rest of the robe slipping from her and falling to the floor. 

All she was wearing was a black, lace half-bra and a pair of matching panties, along with a black and red garter belt, black hose and her black high-heels. 

"Wow." 

"So you like?" 

"Definitely! So what's your big secret?" 

Her eyes lashes fluttered as she blushed. "This is all I ever wear under my clothes. It doesn't matter if it's a party dress, something formal, or even a top and a pair of jeans." 
