 "What do you want me to do to you?" he asked, his eyes filled with passion, his breath soft and warm, his hands gently holding her face.

"I want you to make love to me, make me cum, be mine forever." She said as she looked deep into his eyes for a moment, then moved her head, and eyes, away.

"I am yours forever," he replied, his hand under her chin, bringing her eyes back to his, looking at her intently, "You should know that by now."

She kissed his neck, her tongue traced the skin at the hollow of his neck to just underneath his earlobe, barely touching the skin of his ear; his breathing quickened as he moaned in response to her touch.

He stood up from the sofa, pulled her up to him, his head coming down to hers, his lips landing on the hollow of her shoulder, his kisses sweet and gentle, his arms around her.

She moved back slightly, her hand coming around to unbutton his polo shirt and pull it off over his head. She ran her hands over his chest, her fingers playing in the hair as her hands rose to his shoulders to caress his warm skin. 

She kissed his chest, licked teasingly at his nipples, a sharp intake of breath letting her know she'd hit a good spot. She took one of his nipples into her mouth, gently bit it and listened to him moan as she sucked it further into her mouth.

"Oh, God, that's wonderful." He said as he put his hands to her head, gently guiding her to the other nipple. As she sucked and gently bit the other nipple, her hands found his belt buckle, easily undone. She unfastened and unzipped his pants, put both her hands inside and pushed them to the floor, a puddle of fabric at his feet.

She let his nipple come out of her mouth and licked her way down to the waistband of his underwear. She felt the cotton all the way around his middle, caressed his ass through the fabric, bringing her hands around to the front and feeling the strain of his engorged cock against the material. She snaked her hand between his legs, lightly grazing his balls through the material.

"Ooooh." He said.

"Do you like that?" She asked playfully as she touched his balls again lightly.

"Oh, yeah. Very much."

She took his hand in hers, helped him to step out of the puddle and kick off his shoes. She turned him to sit back down on the couch, slipped her hands into his underwear at both sides then pulled them down to his ankles, his cock free of its prison.

She sat him down on the sofa, kneeled between his legs, and spread them to allow her inside. She looked up at him, their eyes locking, gazing intensely, both of them smiling.

She continued to look at him, held his cock firmly with one hand, the tip of her tongue placed just under the ridge of his cockhead. She watched as he closed his eyes slowly and leaned his head back on the cushions. She grasped his cock in her hand then, starting at the very base of his balls, slid her tongue over the sensitive flesh, enjoying the saltiness of his skin. She licked all the way to the very tip of his cock, then slowly, gently, placed the head into her mouth. She heard his breathing change pace a bit but kept on with what she enjoyed doing to him. She let go of him just long enough to lick her palm, get it really wet, then grasped him again, slowly sliding his cock in and out of her hand, and into her mouth. She did this for a few minutes, noticing his breathing became as hard as his cock; his hands gripped the sofa and she knew he was close to orgasm. She stopped, instead gently licking the inside of his thighs with the tip of her tongue.

"God, you had me so close. Just one or two more strokes and I'd have been done." He laughed.

She just smiled.

"I want to taste you." He said as he put his hands under her arms to pull her to him. 

He took her sweater off over her head, her hot skin goosebumped from the change in temperature. She felt her nipples harden immediately. She reached back to unhook her bra.

"No, let me see if I can still do this." He said as he put his hand on her back and with one twist of his wrist, all hooks were unhooked and her bra was off.

"Yep, I still got it." He said as he smiled then lowered his mouth to one of her breasts, taking the hard nipple between his teeth, biting gently. He sucked her further into his mouth. 

He bit her nipple a little harder this time, enough to make her wince, but when he released his teeth the rush she got from the release of pressure and the blood flow starting again was immense. She moaned as he continued to do this for a bit as he pinched the other nipple with his fingers.

She could feel his erect cock poking her in the belly and reached for him, lightly sliding her hand up and down the length of his shaft. His fingers left her nipple only to be replaced by his mouth as he repeated the biting and sucking as he'd done on the other side. His free hand found the button on her jeans, unbuttoned then slowly unzipped them.

He kept her nipple between his teeth the entire time, biting firmly as he used his hands to push down her jeans, revealing her satiny thong. He let go of her nipple, kissed his way down her soft belly to her panties. He took the waistband in his teeth and pulled it, his hand helping push down the back of the thong. Soon her clothes were in a clump around her ankles and he was on his knees, his hands moving over her calves, up to her thighs, around to her tender inner thighs. He brought his hands up between her legs, pushed them wider apart, his fingertips grazed the soft skin of her shaved pussy lips.

"Ahh" she said as he touched her.

"So you like that?" he asked as he continued to gently touch the soft skin.

She spread her legs wider to allow him greater access. "Yes, I love that."

He leaned into her, the tip of his tongue touching the delicate skin of her inner thigh, his hands wrapped around her upper thighs, just under her ass cheeks. He playfully kissed her thighs, his mouth coming oh so close to her lips. She could smell her wetness growing and ached for his touch.

He let go of her legs and stood up, trailing his tongue along her belly, chest, and neck then kissing her slowly, deeply, passionately; their now nude bodies pressed together. He broke their kiss, took her hand and led her back to her bedroom.

LATE FRIDAY NIGHT

"I've never known someone who shaved their, um, area like that." He said as they walked into her room. "I mean, I've seen it on movies and such, but never in real life. Why do you do that?"

"The first time it was a lark– I'd seen it in a porn flick and thought it looked cool. And it was. God, the sensations you feel when there's no hair – you can feel when someone's breath is hot, the touch of fingertips on your skin." She answered. "Then I just continued to do it even when I wasn't involved with anyone. It's very comfortable to feel the softness of fabric and very stimulating with the roughness of the seam of denim jeans."

"Ok then. I know I want to see it again." he said as he backed her up to her bed and pushed her backwards.

She scooted back on the bed and spread her legs to let him see what he wanted. He lay on the bed on his belly, his fingers exploring her smooth, shaved pussy.

"Ooooh," she said, "that's wonderful. You have a great touch." 

"You know," he started, "I haven't done anything like this in a really long time. I'm probably pretty rusty and certainly not "up" on what to do. So if you want me to do something in particular, tell me. Otherwise, I'll just do what I want."

"Ok. You do what you want and I'll let you know how you're doing." She said as she laughed.

He pulled her pussy lips apart slightly, her wetness spilled out from the inside. He touched the tip of his tongue to one side then the other, then into the middle, just grazing her clit.

"OK, you're doing fine. Just keep doing." She said breathlessly.

"Are you sure? I mean," he licked her pussy from bottom to top, "it's been a really long time since I've done anything like this." He continued to run his tongue along her wet lips.

"Oh yeah, doing very well." She said as she adjusted her hips.

He pulled her lips a little further apart, pressed downward to pop her clit out from under its hood. He touched his tongue to that sweet, sensitive organ and she jumped, but he didn't let her go, he brought his tongue down on her clit again. Quicker and harder.

Her hands grabbed the bed coverings, her hips rose to meet his tongue, her moans louder each time he licked her.

"How's your back? Is everything ok?" he asked.

She raised up her head, looked at him, her wetness outlining his lips.

"Just shut up and kiss me." She said with a giggle recalling the country song that line was from as she lay her head back down.

"Yes m'am." He said. He continued to lick and suck her pussy lips and her clit until he felt she was close to cumming.

"Are you going to cum for me?" he asked.

"Who, me?" she asked breathlessly as she pulled his head back to her pussy.

He licked harder and faster, then slowed, then harder and faster. Her hands grasped the bed covers again, her hips pushed into his face, she stopped breathing, but he did not stop.

"Holy God." She shouted as she came moments later, her juices coming out of her in a rush. He continued to lap them up until she pushed his head away from her.

He slid up her body, her legs still open, his cock throbbing noticeably.

"Let's change positions." She said as she turned over onto her stomach, bringing herself to a hands and knees position.

"My knees aren't going to take that." He said.

"Ok, stand at the edge of the bed and I'll come over to you."

He got off the bed and stood at the side, his cock straight out. She backed up to him and impaled herself, slowly, smoothly, onto his hard dick.

"Oh, God." He said as he grabbed her hips and brought her fully onto him.

He rocked back and forth, his cock sliding in and out of her like a hand in and out of a glove. The fit was tight but good. She leaned on her shoulders, putting a hand through her legs to reach back and touch his balls as he rocked in and out of her.

"Holy fuck." He said the first time she touched his balls.

"Oh, do you not like it?" she teased.

"Just shut up and touch me." He said with a laugh.

He went in and out of her faster and faster. She no longer touched his balls, but rubbed her swollen clit as he rocked on. The faster he rocked, the faster she rubbed.

"God," he said, "I'm going to cum." He said as he pulled on her hips tighter, pounding into her over and over again.

"Go on," she said, "I'm right behind you."

They both screamed "Oh God" at the same time, his load shot into the depths of her; her muscles contracted over and over again, milking his cock of all its juice.

He stopped moving, held onto her hips to keep her from moving, but her contractions and his aftershocks continued. He fell over onto her, his head resting on the small of her back.

"Holy shit," she said as he rested on her back. "Going down . . ." She said as she lowered her legs and pushed them back through his to leave her flat on the bed with him curled over her.

He remained on her back for several minutes then raised himself off of her and climbed back onto the bed. She pulled herself up and crawled under the covers.

"What's this?" he asked as she got under the covers.

"Shit, honey, I'm cold. It happens that way when I get really hot then start to cool off. I mean, really, really hot." She giggled. "Come on in if you'd like to."

"Yeah, that'd be nice." He replied as he got under the covers too.

"Nice sheets," he said as he got comfortable.

"Like those? I love them. They're something like 500 thread count. Expensive as all hell, but worth every penny."

He got comfortable in the bed, his head propped up with pillows. She moved over towards him, laid her head on his chest and fell asleep.

VERY EARLY SATURDAY MORNING

He lay there half asleep, listening to her breathe as her head lay on his chest. He couldn't believe he was where he was and that he'd done what he'd done. What they had done. 

He'd always thought that being with her would be good, but he didn't expect it to be this good. It was apparent she enjoyed every aspect of sex. He knew there'd been a reason he sensed a heat about her when they started working together. Wow. What a heat.

"Yeah, what a heat." He said to himself as she continued to sleep, his hand mindlessly played with her hair.

"This is what it's all about." He thought as he drifted off to sleep.

She awoke a few hours after she'd nodded off with her head on his chest. She woke up facing the opposite direction with him snugged up behind her, his arm on her hip.

She smiled as she thought about what had happened and who it had happened with. She felt so many emotions all at once, something that hadn't happened in a very long time. She also felt a tear fall from the corner of her eye. She wasn't sad – she was very happy. 

"This is what it's all about." She thought as she thanked God for all the good in her life and drifted off to sleep again.