 I woke up pretty late the next morning, about 10 A.M. As usual, I was naked. Mary wouldn't be home until about 6 P.M. so I had to find something to do until then. Soaking in the hot tub sounded like a good idea, so I grabbed a towel and a bottle of water from my refrigerator and headed out back.

It didn't take long for the water to heat up, so I was able to climb in and relax in just a few minutes. Standing there in the backyard, about to climb into the hot tub naked, I shook my head at how everything turned out that first time I did this. It seemed strange how I was so humiliated being caught naked by Mary that first time and now I couldn't imagine being embarrassed at all spending every minute undressed with her.

I heard a doorbell ring. At first I wasn't sure whose door it was, mine or Mary's. I figured out it was my doorbell, so I got out, dried off and went inside. I put on a pair of sweatpants and pulled on a t-shirt. Opening the door, I was surprised to see Helen from the property management company I'd hired. Like everyone else, she was taller than my 5'1" but only by a few inches and nowhere as close to Mary's height. She was, as they say, a "pleasantly plump" brunette in her late 20's. She wore a beige skirt and a light blue knit shirt with the property management company's logo on the front.

"Hi, Helen," I greeted her. "Come in."

"Thank you, Jason," she said, stepping inside. "I have some final paperwork that needs your signature."

She handed me some papers. Reading them over, I saw they were just some recent property assessments. I did a quick calculation in my head and found the new numbers acceptable. As I was signing the forms, I felt Helen staring at me.

When I looked up at her, a grin crossed her face, "How are you feeling today?"

"Fine," I said. I handed her back the signed paperwork. "I had a head cold last week, but fine now."

This caused her grin to break into a wide smile. "Seems like you had just the opposite last night!" She couldn't contain herself and stood there laughing.

Confused, I asked her, "What do you mean?"

"Oh," she said, "I was just happening by last night when I heard a naughty boy getting his ass whipped with a belt."

I froze. The room was suddenly ice cold. "I... I... don't know what you mean."

"I think you do," she said, "since I saw through the curtains that naughty boy was you."

A wave of panic swept over me. I didn't know Helen very well. She was nice when I'd met her in the past at the office, but she'd also told me she'd had a bad divorce a few years ago. I didn't know what this would mean for Mary and I. What we had was a secret between us. What if Helen told everyone? I was scared more for Mary than for myself. I was self-sufficient. If I had to hide for the next few years, I could but Mary had to work, go out in public. I was truly scared for this woman who'd become such a powerful maternal figure in my life. I didn't want to lose her.

"So," Helen said after a long moment of silence, "who was she?"

I paused. "What?"

"I could see you clearly but I couldn't see much of her."

She hadn't seen it was Mary. Even though she knew my terrible secret, it made me feel better that she didn't know about Mary.

"She was someone I met online," I lied.

"There are so many pervy people online," she said. "You better be careful and keep it down so the old bitty next door won't find out."

I was kind of mad she called Mary an "old bitty" but I didn't say anything.

"I want to see," she said. When I asked her what she meant, she said, "I want to see your ass!"

I didn't know what to do. I could tell her to get out of my house, but then what would she say to the other people at the property management office? 

"Come on," she said, "I've never seen a whipped ass before and I've always wanted to."

I slowly turned around. Reaching into the waistband of my sweatpants, I pushed them down to my thighs and held them there. I felt Helen lift up my shirt so she could see my entire naked bottom.

"No bruises, but those are some mean looking pink stripes," she said. "I thought a belt would tear up the skin and leave you bloody."

I thought she'd had a pretty good look, so I started to pull my sweatpants back up.

"No way, spanky boy," Helen said, laughing again. "Don't you dare hide that cute little ass from me. In fact, why don't you just slip off those sweatpants and that shirt."

Shocked, I turned to look at her. "What?"

"You heard me, spanky boy," she said, reaching for my shirt and pulling it over my head. "I want to see you naked again, just like last night and I don't want any curtains blocking my full view."

She already had me half naked, so I let go of my sweatpants and let them fall to the floor. Lifting my feet one at a time, I stepped out of the sweatpants gathered at my ankles and finally stood completely naked before her.

"Aren't you the cutest little thing," she said. Her hands touched my face then slid down to my shoulders and then my torso. When her hands touched my hips, I got excited. With her right hand she grasped my erection and held it tight. Her hand was warm and soft. "I think someone likes this."

Using her other hand, Helen reached around me and pulled me close to her. She positioned me so that I was standing sideways to her. While her right hand started to stroke my erection, her left had swung around and smacked me in the center of my bare bottom.

I jumped, yelping.

She laughed. "I can feel your cock pulse when I smack that little ass." 

It was true. Each time she spanked me, my erection would pulse in her hand. This was a completely different spanking than when Mary did it. With Mary it was a release, a deserved punishment that brought us closer together. It was maternal. This was all about sex and Helen was in control.

Putting her mouth right next to my ear, she whispered, "You're making me so fucking wet!" Helen kneeled down and took my erection in her mouth. Using her mouth and the fingers of her hand, she sucked me and stroked me. After only a few seconds, I came in her mouth and she swallowed all of it.

"My turn," she said, pushing me down on my back on the floor. She stood over me facing my feet and raised her skirt. She wasn't wearing any panties. Unlike Mary who was naturally hairy, Helen was completely shaved. She got on all fours over me, her pussy right in my face. "Lick, spanky boy, lick me!"

Her pussy was already soaking wet before my tongue even touched her. She ground her hips into my face, sometimes making it hard for me to breathe. I licked the outside of her pussy, then the inside. I used my tongue to penetrate her. This made her grind even harder and faster. Finally, I locked my mouth on her clitoris and sucked hard, using my tongue to softly caress the little bump. Helen came hard, her pussy soaking my face with a wave of juices.

In between labored breathes, she said, "You may be a little guy but damn you can eat pussy."

We got up off the floor. She pushed her skirt back down and fixed her shirt. I thought about getting dressed again, too, but then I realized there was no point. I wasn't going anywhere and Helen had already seen plenty of me naked.

I poured her a glass of ice tea and sat at my kitchen table with her. There was one question burning in my mind that I had to ask her.

"Helen, um, you're not going to tell anyone about last night, are you?"

She smiled, pulled me forward and kissed me deeply, her tongue pushing into my mouth. "Of course not," she said. "You have my word on that. People around here are so judgmental and prude. I like you, Jason. I was in a bad marriage where he'd only fuck me with the lights off. It made me feel ugly and worthless. The way you just licked my pussy made me feel very special. I've always wanted someone that was open to new things. There are so many things I've been thinking about, so many things I want to do and try besides spanking. That is, if you want to."

I was confused. On the one hand, I loved Mary and didn't want to ruin what we had by sharing myself with anyone else. On the other hand, Helen was closer to my own age and excited me in a way completely different than Mary. I was feeling a little guilty by what I'd just done with Helen but I could tell myself I did it to keep her from telling anyone what she'd seen the night before. Now with her promise not to tell anyone, I really couldn't use that as an excuse to continue.

"I have to get back to work," Helen said. "Why don't you think about it for a couple of days? I have Friday off and will see you then."

"Ok," I said, still feeling conflicted inside. "I'll see you Friday."

Helen pulled me in for another tight embrace then kissed me again. I kissed her back. I opened my front door for her, holding it so that I could hide behind it. As she was leaving, she slapped me on my naked bottom again. It didn't hurt, just gave me another erection. 

She smiled. "Keep that thought until Friday, spanky boy."

I nodded and closed the door. Kneeling down right there on the floor, I grabbed my erection and stroked myself off. Replaying Helen's visit in my head, I came quickly. 

After cleaning up my mess on the floor, I decided to follow my original plan that day. Grabbing a towel, I went back out to the backyard and climbed into the hot tub again. Closing my eyes, I tried to figure out what to do next. There were so many thoughts in my head, so many of them conflicting with what I was feeling.

I had three days until Helen would come back. Mary would be home in a few hours. What was I going to tell Mary about Helen? What should I say? Should I say anything at all? The last thing I wanted to do was hurt Mary. She had become so important in my life. I guess I'd have to make a decision by dinner time. 

My life has just gotten a lot more complicated.