  The Dueling Duets SeriesDueling Duets (One): Don's EruditionDueling Duets (Two): Lisa's HobbyDueling Duets (Three): Dave's EducationDueling Duets (Four): Judy's Revenge The Dueling Duets (Three):

Dave's Education

This story is copyright ©1999 by Adam Gunn. All rights reserved. MeatloafParadise by the Dashboard Lights

Here I was, forty-seven years old, and never been laid!

Okay, that wasn't technically true. I'd been married for twenty-six years, and had three children. Sex with my wife was something I experienced on a regular basis in the early years, and even now I could stick it in her if I really wanted to. Except that she had never, ever made it worthwhile.

In high school, I was a geek. Blue ribbon in the science fair, straight A's in all mathematics, that kind of thing. Perhaps if the good looking girls could have done quadrilateral expressions, my life might have turned out differently. All my teachers told me I should go to Carnegie Mellon and get a real education, but the only thing my parents could afford was the state university.

I was sitting in the second English class of my freshman year, and the professor looked at me and asked me what a sonnet was. Why me? There were a hundred kids in that classroom, and he had to pick on me. Surprisingly, the correct answer just popped out of my mouth. (A fourteen line verse with regular rhyming. Satisfied, smarty?) I heard a voice behind me say, "Neat!" I turned around to see this rather plain girl with hair down to the middle of her back.

Before the next class, she came up to me and asked me if I was going to the freshman mixer that night. I told her that I supposed so, and she told me her name was Judy. I told her my name was Dave, and then split. She was alright, I guess, but nothing special. I went over to this 'party,' and Judy was there. Before I could even get a coke, she attached herself to me. Yes, that's how I met my wife. Like I said, I wasn't the type of guy that attracted the sorority sisters. So if this girl wanted to hang with me, that was fine. We both came from the same city a couple of hours away, and she invited me to come over to her house over Christmas break. When I got there, the whole family was waiting.

Through our sophomore and junior years, we became an 'item.' When my fellow engineering students asked me what I saw in her, I told them that she was just a friend. Oh sure, we kissed some, and I even tried some petting, but it was just form. I wasn't that disappointed when I didn't make it past first base.

As the summer before our senior year was coming to an end, we both had a day off so I picked her up at her house. We drove an hour north to a lake where we went swimming, and didn't start back until sunset. As we were coming home in the dark, she had me turn off the road into a church campgrounds. We crossed over a small bridge, and then turned the car around to face the water. We started messing around, and one more time, just for something to do, I tried for second base, and I'll be damned if she didn't let me play with her boobs! We were fooling around and I was getting sort of excited and she asked, "David, do you think we'll ever get married?" I said sure. I really did think that we'd get married; I just didn't think it would be to each other. We played around, and I even got her blouse open and her bra off. she said, "Let's get in the back seat where there's more room." As soon as we got back there, she reached over and unzipped my jeans, and touched my hard-on. Now this was something she'd never done before and I was going crazy. She reached down, scrunched her skirt up, and took off her panties. Then she said, "Okay, David, I know you want it, go ahead." I pushed it in, and she gave a little gasp of pain. It didn't take me two minutes before I spurted all over. We just sat there together for a little while, and then she put her panties on. "Was it good, David?" I told her it was.

When I got her back home, she kissed me and said, "I love you."

Two days later, we drove back to the campgrounds at night, and she let me have it again. This time, we had brought two things that we needed: a blanket to put on the ground, and rubbers. Don't get me wrong, she wouldn't let me undress her, but I could take off her panties and put it into her as much as I wanted. We did it a couple more times up there before school began again.

The three weeks after the term started, we didn't see much of each other; I was just too busy with my class work. On a Saturday night in September, she came over to my dorm room and told me that she had reserved a motel room for that night. I said okay, and we drove over to this ramshackle place. I stopped on the way and got some Trojans. Yes, I checked in as Mr. & Mrs. Smith. When we got into the room, she turned off the lights, undressed and got under the covers. I had her naked for the first time. She let me have her three or four times, with me on top each time.

In mid-October, she came over to my dorm room, and sat down on my bed. My roommate was out computing electrical capacitance or something. She started crying, and then told me she had missed her period.

Oh, shit! She was Catholic, so I knew that there was no chance of an abortion, even if we could find a doctor who was willing to perform the illegal act. I knew I was trapped. So I just went over to her, held her, and told her I'd take care of her. The next weekend, we drove down to the city to tell the folks. My mom and dad were cool about it, but her parents raised a ruckus. I got kicked out of the house after they had yelled at me for about half an hour. Sunday afternoon, when I stopped over at Judy's house to pick her up for the drive back to school, her dad called me in.

"Well, are you planning to marry her?"

"I guess so, sir."

And with that, I was formally engaged. Her parents gave us some money so that we could drive down to West Virginia and get married. Our honeymoon turned out to be one night in that same motel Judy took me to in September. The only difference was that this time, we got the 'bridal suite.' It had a mirror on the ceiling. Not that it made any difference, Judy made sure she had the lights off before I could touch her.

Judy's parents turned out to be okay after I made her an honest woman. They even gave us some money so that we could get a small off-campus apartment, and continued to pay their daughter's tuition. Before the baby came, Judy let me have her fairly often, but she always made me get on top; she had read that it was better for the baby that way.

Judy was so big when late May came around that she didn't go to graduation to get her degree in education. I wanted to go, but she made such a fuss that I just forgot it. Two weeks later, we had our first daughter!

I graduated with honors in engineering and even more important, I had a high draft number, so I was able to get a fairly decent job with an agricultural concern. We moved to their headquarters about three hours from our home city, and I was able to get quite a bit of satisfaction out of my job. Judy stayed home and took care of the baby. A couple of times I hinted that she might want to use her education and start a career, but she felt that her place was in the home with the children. Since I had a decent job, we could afford it if we scraped. When we started having marital relations again, Judy wouldn't let me use rubbers; she had turned religious, and the Catholic Church forbid contraceptives. Of course, she was pregnant again in no time, and our two daughters were only thirteen months apart. When Judy got pregnant again a year later, I had had enough. A month after our son was born, I got a bonus check for a productivity suggestion I made. I spent it on my vasectomy. I tried to get her to do some different things in bed. She'd let me kiss her vagina once in a while, and she'd take my penis in her mouth, but when I started to come she would always pull her mouth away and let me ejaculate into the air.

I worked for my company for ten years, and then I quit. We'd saved some money, and I had an idea that I could figure out a new way to package fresh vegetables. I got the patent, and set up a company. The prototypes were successful, and within three months, I got a large order from one of the big farming coops. Life was looking good. Sixteen months later, I had sold 200% of what I had projected, and I was stone broke. I was a good engineer, but I wasn't much of a businessman. I sold the patent for whatever I could get, and then declared bankruptcy.

Throughout all of this, Judy was as supportive as any woman could have been. She was always there with an encouraging word, she never let the kids be a hassle, she never complained that I didn't spend enough time with her or the children, and somehow she managed to feed us during the three months that there was no money at all. Judy and her mother insisted that we move back to their house and live with her to save money. Her dad was already gone, so at least there was quite a bit of room. Luckily, I was able to pick up a job pretty quickly. A few months after we moved in, her mom had a heart attack, and we inherited the house.

I licked my wounds, and then started planning for my next business venture. I knew I could refine the equipment more than the company that had bought my patent. I got took some business classes at the local college, and found a guy who was a manager at a large company I could trust. Two and a half years after I had failed, he and I started another company with a new patent three weeks after our fifteenth wedding anniversary.

This time, it took right off. We had to scrape for a couple of years, of course, but there was never a doubt. Twenty seven months after we started, we had paid off all of our start up costs, and we were turning a profit.

I played with my kids when I was home while all this was going on, and if they had a real important event, like a high school graduation, I was there, but mostly I was trying to keep the business going so that they could eat the next day. If I came home from the plant at 11:00, and I was real keyed up, Judy let me climb on top of her, but most of the time neither one of us was much interested in sex. I was getting real tired of her and the whole situation. When the song "Paradise by the Dashboard Lights" came out, I bought the album and played it around the house constantly for the next month or so. The kids thought it was cool, but I don't think Judy ever connected it with our situation. A few weeks later, the record disappeared; I figured one of the kids had taken it to a party and lost it.

On the rare occasions that Judy would let me make love to her (she continued to lie on her back while I was above her,) I fantasized about other women in this bed. It seemed better for me that way.

A couple of years later, my share of the profits was $783,000. I had fulfilled all of my ambitions, and it was time to make things the way they should be. We were able to put our two daughters into the college of their choice, and we sold off the old family house and bought a big new house out in the suburbs. Somebody told me that I should take up golf, so we joined a country club. Life was good. Two years later when Dave Jr. went off to a private college, I gave Judy a Visa card with a $3,000 spending limit. I told her that she could spend as much of that as she wanted each month.

I was a little surprised that Judy didn't use it much. Judy just walked around our house cleaning up after kids that weren't there. She did start taking advantage of the facilities at the club, such as the steambath and swimming pool, and she met some friends who she played cards with. She got season tickets to the dancing and opera. I went with her a couple of times, and then I suggested that she take her friends with her. Most nights, she read a book or watched TV.

I figured that what Judy and I needed was a chance to get to know each other again. I took her to a vacation at a top-flight resort in the desert. When we got there, I gave her a present of some real pretty lingerie. She thanked me, and then put it back in the box. While we were out there, she let me have her three nights in a row, but you could tell that she wasn't into it. I tried to take her on a few more trips, suggesting that she might like to go to Paris, but she didn't seem interested. Judy did enjoy going to the dances and dinners at the club, however, so I took her every chance I got, even though the couples we sat with weren't all that interesting.

Soon after, I got myself into a group of guys at the club and played the game every chance I got. Golf became my recreation and relaxation. I never did get good at it (I never practiced enough,) but it did keep me off the streets. I tried to get Judy into the game, but she decided after watching it once on TV that it was a stupid game, and wouldn't have anything to do with it.

A year after our son got into college, I was at work and my secretary announced that our long-distance telephone salesgirl wanted to talk to me. I'd met her a couple times before, but she was supposed to work with our facilities manager. The funny thing about managing a company is that the better it does and the bigger it gets, the less the top management needs to be involved in the day to day activities; I was bored, so I invited her in. Sue came in and closed the door behind her. This girl was a real knock-out, a couple of years older than my elder daughter and she had real big knockers. She started to speak to me about her new rates, and then she crossed her legs so that I had a good view of her thighs while they were open. I took a good look, and she uncrossed her legs and kept them slightly apart. She had to ask me three times if I wanted her to do an analysis. I finally looked up, and said sure. She told me she'd bring the results in two days.

A couple of days later, she was back with the figures, and this time she was wearing a low cut blouse. As she leaned over my desk to point out the figures, I got a real good view of her tits. In a little while, she was over on my side of the desk, and before too long we were kissing. I grabbed for her tits, and she pushed them right at me. We broke it off, and she let me know in no uncertain terms that if I wanted to meet her later, she was all mine. Just give her a call. Then she left me with her proposal.

That night I thought about it. I realized that I was a married man who had never messed around, and that If I started now, I'd probably have to get divorced. It wasn't fair to my daughter and son who were still in college, and I decided I wouldn't take her up on it. The next day, when I took the proposal into the facilities manager, he showed me that he already had a copy of it, and one from their competitors that was 14% less expensive! He was ready to give the business the other company. I told him to go ahead.

Over the next couple of years, there were a few more incidents like that. The girls looked and smelled so sweet, but when I looked at the ulterior motives, they weren't so nice anymore.

Another time, I was out of town with some of our clients and their wives. Somehow, it came out that since we had started the company, my share of the profits was more than eight million dollars. That night as I was in my hotel room, there was a knock on the door, and one of the young wives was standing there. She came in and started kissing me. I opened up the door and told her thanks, but no thanks. I found out later that she and her husband were getting a divorce.

I'm not trying to tell you I wasn't horny; it's just that the price that I would have had to pay for taking these women simply wasn't worth the goods I would have received.

One August morning after Dave, Jr. had graduated from college, I had a meeting with a team that was making some engineering changes to the plant. They wanted to do this one way, and I was convinced it should be another. One young idiot and I got into a little yelling match. After that, the Plant Director stayed behind and tried to convince me that I should take it easy on him, as he was an up-and-comer. I was mad enough to spit nails.

I didn't have anything to do that afternoon that couldn't wait, so I stomped out, telling my secretary that I was going over to the country club. I had a sandwich and a couple of drinks for lunch (I rarely drink during the day,) and cooled down. Then I decided I might as well get a round in if anybody was there too play with. None of the guys were around, and I was just putzing around on the practice green when Lisa came up and started getting ready to play by herself.

I recognized Lisa; she was always the girl that everyone looked at. She was of medium height and had beautiful dark red hair. Although her face and her body weren't knockouts, she always wore wonderful clothes and made herself up very well. At many a dance, I had looked across the floor to see her in some provocative outfit with her husband, Don, laughing and joking with the other couples, and I wondered why Judy couldn't be more like Lisa.

I wandered over, told her I was looking for a game, and asked if I could join her. She told me she was just practicing for the Women's Championship, and told me to come along. After we had hit our tee shots, we drove off on the cart. Lisa is an excellent conversationalist. Before too long, I was talking to her as if she was an old friend. She told me a little joke that would have gone over in the men's grillroom, and I told her one of mine. When we made the turn, she let me buy her a beverage and we went out for the second nine.

As we were getting off the 11th tee, she put her hand on my arm and told me what a great tee shot I'd had. Over the next few holes, her leg was bumping up against mine in the cart, and when we went to get our clubs out for the tee shot on the short 16th, she slipped a little bit and her tit rubbed up against my arm. All of this was very innocent, I doubt that she would even remember it, but I was getting very excited. As we dropped our bags off at the clubhouse, she gave me a little hug and a kiss on the cheek, and told me that she hoped that we'd play golf again soon.

That night, I tried to get it on with Judy, but she wasn't interested at all. I finally went down to my office, and thought about what I was doing. I had promised to Judy and myself that I would love her and take care of the babies. I'd done that; one of our girls was now married, and all of our kids were pursuing successful careers. As far as material goods went, Judy could have anything she wanted. I'd kept my vows, and done what a man should do. But now, I began to think that I should have a turn. If I found a woman who was willing to have some happy sex with me, I decided I was going to let it happen. Not those tarts who were throwing themselves at me to advance themselves, but a mature woman who just wanted to have a good time with me. If it cost me a divorce, I was willing to accept it; I could easily pay for it by this time. How could I start something like this, though? Lisa was married to a great guy at the club, and I knew she wouldn't be having an affair with me. But I thought she might be able to give me some pointers, let me know what women liked. Then I thought about Lisa's laughing voice, and the way her breast had felt on my arm, and I jerked off.
