 Dyana remained totally pissed off with her soon-to-be-ex husband. Not that she didn't have a million or so previous reasons to be pissed off at him, but this was the latest in the series.

She fumed, ranted and raved to any of her friends who would listen to her. Dyana hadn't asked for alimony, all she had wanted was for him to take care of the credit card debts. He hadn't even done that. In fact, after the split, he and his pretty girlfriend / teenybopper / slut had gone on a vacation to Aruba and run up an even larger debt. Hell, Dyana couldn't even afford a trip to Buffalo. 

Dyana got dressed in her favorite pink & tight short skirt and brushed her ash-blonde hair till it sparkled. She did her makeup carefully, not overdoing it, but taking the time to look a little "vampy". She accentuated her green eyes and looked in the mirror, pleased with the results. As she was a tall girl, she pondered "heels or no heels', but as most men seemed to like her long legs, she went with heels.

It was hard for her to consider that Stephen, the dickweed, had left her in this mess. He hadn't always been a total fuckwad, she fumed. Dyana had married him right out of High School, head over heels in love and blinded with lust. She'd ignored her family's warnings, the warnings of her best friend Kim who had told her "A good fuck does not necessarily make for a good husband" and even her own common sense. The first time Stephen had fucked her near-virginal pussy (only one horrible experience before him) she'd come like her girlfriends and Kim had told her she would. Quite a few of them [ she wasn't sure about Kim though, she giggled ] had sampled the star quarterback's massive tool.

Upon reflection, should have been her Dyana's first clue. Stephen's best talent was fucking. He didn't have many others.

Stephen's football career was behind him and he, like TV character Al Bundy, seemed to fail in his attempts to succeed. He ended up working in a local garage, never rising much above second mechanic. He'd come home late at night, beer breath strong and fall asleep after dinner. Her hot pussy was lucky if she got to feel his cock even twice a week. And his amazing sexual prowess had dwindled to "Wham Bam, it's over Ma'am!" in less than 5 years.

Dyana wasn't surprised when she found out Stephen was sleeping with Kelly, the barmaid at the local watering hole. Kelly was his boss' niece, and kind of appealing, in a nymphet kind of fashion. Dyana was surprised when he ran off with her.

Shit, 5 years of her life, down the toilet. If Stephen had been smart, he would have stuck around. Her job as Store Manager of the local Dollar Store had promoted her 3 times, and she was quite willing to try new things. She would have shared him with Kelly, had he the brains to ask. Dyana wasn't adverse to fucking with women, Kim had suggested it a few times, made a few none-too-subtle passes, and Dyana was intrigued by the idea. Fuckwad, she thought inward. His loss.

As Dyana pulled into the office of the Credit Card company, eager to re-negotiate her credit payments, she wasn't in the best of moods. Adding to the fact that she hadn't been fucked in over 5 weeks, she was also horny.

Unbeknownst to Dyana, her horniness was about to change.

Dyana sat in the lobby, told by the receptionist that Tracey would see her shortly. "Oh great, bet she'll be a pain to deal with, the way my world is going!", Dyana mused. She could not have been more wrong.

She was escorted into the Credit Agent's office, where Dyana got a very pleasant surprise.

"Tracey" was a man - "Tracy" - a very cute, hot and fuckable man. He extended his hand and Dyana felt instant heat.

Tracy was that cute, college-student looking guy, the kind she'd never dated but been curious about. Cute, freckled face, nice build, strawberry blonde hair with a warm, inviting smile. Dyana was going to flirt outrageously with this man. He was likely a few years her junior, but she figured that was to her advantage, it'd give her the upper hand.

The two of them talked about her Credit Card debt, Dyana showed him proof that her husband had bought much of this after their legal separation. Tracy nodded and listened sympathetically. She showed him the legal papers that proved he'd been willing to accept the debts. He smiled at Dyana, clicked a few buttons and it was all over. Dyana wished she could see Stephen's idiot face when he was served with the papers from the Collection Agency.

Tracy invited her to lunch and Dyana accepted. She put a little extra bounce in her walk as they walked to the nearby diner. Dyana barely remembered what she ate, she was so into this younger stud. She giggled, she flirted, she leaned in close so he could get a good look at her ample cleavage. This man, she decided, was going to be her first post-separation fuck. And her second. And, if he was good enough, probably her third, she giggled.

Instead of the gentile Dyana, this one just leaned over and said, quietly "Can you get the rest of the day off so we can go somewhere and fuck?"

Tracy nearly choked on his coffee, but regained his composure long enough to dial his Cell and call the office, telling them he was feeling ill and wouldn't be back. "I have fuck fever!", he said, taking Dyana's hand. She laughed at his easy sense of humor.

There was a nice hotel nearby and they checked in, even splurging on a little champagne. After all, Tracy had just saved her thousands of dollars, why the heck not? It was nice and quenched her thirst, but her thirst for hard cock remained unsatiated.

She started removing her outfit, pleased with the obvious lust in Tracy's eyes. She pirouetted around in front of him, glad she'd worn the heels. He didn't seem to be intimidated by her at all, his eyes followed her every move. As Tracy removed his own clothes, Dyana took in his own chiseled body and liked what she saw.

After a few drinks, Tracy poured the champagne over Dyana's now-naked body and licked it off.  The foreplay was brief, neither of them wanted to make love - they were here to fuck and they both knew it! She took his hard cock and wrapped her slim fist around it, guiding it deep into her pussy.

Dyana matched his hard pounding, arching her pussy up to meet his massive, veiny tool. It throbbed inside her, her juices making it glide in and out of her cunt with ease. She gripped it with her well-educated pussy muscles and he grunted in approval, fucking harder. Dyana had no idea fucking could be this good, Tracy's cock was taking her places she'd never been before. His cock was wonderful, filling her and rubbing the walls of her pussy and stimulating her and thrilling her like never before.

This was the kind of wild, savage, uninhibited fuck Dyana had never had with her husband. He ravaged her body, she fucked him back with intensity. The heat of his hard cock inside her dripping cunt was wonderful, lovemaking was great, but Dyana had needed a good, hot fucking and this is what Tracy was giving her. His eyes were nearly shut, intent on fucking her, throwing himself hard into the chore of making this beautiful woman cum and cum hard!

Tracy's cock pounded and jabbed inside her heated pussy, gliding in and out, her wetness lubricating it and making it easy to work its magic. Harder and harder, faster and faster, the younger man fucked his new lover, harder and harder, Dyana fucked him back.

The climax, when it came, was better than anything she'd had in years. For a brief second, she literally saw colors she'd never seen before, her mind wandered into new arenas. She snuggled into him after his cum followed her own, just lazing in the moment.

Dyana smiled at Tracy. "Seconds?" she asked. He nodded.

******************************

This had been a great day, Dyana thought, as she left the hotel. She and Tracy were going to see each other again. Her credit problems were over. She felt happy and well fucked. What could make it better?

Dyana got into her car and headed to Dairy Queen. A Hot Fudge Sundae was waiting for her!