 "Big Tits, Big Dicks, Fantasy Fucking"

(o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o)

Dweeb was studying in the library when he felt some thing soft and large press again his back. At the same time his eyes were covered from behind.

"Guess who?" a sultry female voice asked. The weight on his back shifted back and forth.

"Um, Billie Jean?" He ventured.

"Do these feel like Billie Jean?" The pressure spread as she leaned harder against him.

"No, I guess not," he admitted. "Those feel, um, ah..."

"Larger?"

"Yeah, larger. Bigger. Um..."

"Damn right, bigger! Much bigger, you know! Much bigger!" She wiggled left and right against his back. 

"Um..." he had no idea what to say.

"It's me, stupid!" The hands were removed and Barb Fulman stepped around to face him. She was wearing one of her trademark sweaters that was pushed to it's limits by her big, fat titties. Her nipples were evident under the sweater and bra she had on.

"Oh, hi, Barb! How you doing?" He tried to make eye contact with her but that massive shelf of breasts made it hard. In so many ways!

"I haven't heard from you," she pointed out. "When are we going to, um, get together?"

"I'm ready when you are," was his come back.

"I can see that," she cooed. She reached out to stroke the bulge in his groin. In leaning forward she was now pushing her boob against his shoulder. "This part of you certainly seems ready!" she giggled.

"Well how do you expect me to react when a pretty girl with the biggest rack in school pushes herself up against me? I am a male you know."

"Oh, I'm not sure I'm the BIGGEST in school." Her tone made it clear that she did indeed think she had the largest breasts in school. But she didn't want to sound like a braggart.

She leaned closer to whisper in his ear, "They are only 44 inches around, you know. I wear a," she paused for effect, "I wear a 34-j cup brassiere!" She took a deep breath before she continued. "And not everyone shares my 'If you got 'em, flaunt 'em' attitude. But I like the reactions from the guys. How they gape at my huge tits and stare as I bounce down the hall with my big milkers shaking and quivering in the teasing little outfits I wear. My skin tight sweaters get me a lot of attention! I know I've seen you look often enough!"

"You're not wrong," he admitted. "And it seems that you admire men with, um, larger attributes than others." He nodded to his lap where her hand was still stroking up and down on his semi-hard-on.

"Opps," she giggled as she took her hand away reluctantly. "You have to admit no one has seen anything like this before! Billie Jean told me she measured you to be fourteen and a half inches long. That seems unlikely but I want to be sure. Why don't you come by my house tonight and let me see if she was exaggerating? Mom's working night shifts this week so we should have some time to ourselves." 

"I'll tell Mom we are working on a school project together. She trusts me so there shouldn't be a problem."

She leaned against him even harder and licked his ear before pulling away. Standing there in front of him she pulled her sweater down tight and took a deep breathe to show off her amazing figure.

"I'll be there!" Dweeb told her as he tried to fumble his dick down his trouser leg.

"Great," she responded before she turned and strutted away, hips swinging. Dweeb could see her tits bouncing in rhythm as she left. They jutted beyond the sides of her arms.

Dweeb found another note on top of his books in his locker. "It makes me shiver every time I think of what a gigantic dick you have. Your Secret Admirer".

'Two days in a row? Who could this be? And how do they know that I have a big cock?' he wondered as he made his way home.

Later that afternoon he lay in bed providing some pre-sex relief to his aching balls while imaging what might be about to happen with Barb. 'No way to tell', he decided. 'I hope we fuck a lot! I'll find out soon enough'. he decided.

And so, at 8:15PM Dweeb rang Barb's doorbell. He had waited and watched as her Mom got into her mini-van and drove away. They wouldn't be disturbed for hours according to Barb.

Ten minutes after the door swung shut behind him and nine minutes after Barb finished kissing him hello, Dweeb was standing in the den with his pants around his ankles while Barb was trying to measure his erection. It was made more difficult because she wouldn't stop stroking him and trying to make his dick longer and harder!

Dweeb looked up from watching Barb fussing with the tape measure to find what he assumed was her Mom standing in the door way, both hands clapped over her mouth in shock. She just stared as her daughter announced, "Almost fifteen inches long, Dweeb! So long and thick I can't believe it! So much larger than anyone else I've ever seen or even heard of!"

Her Mom was still standing stock still in the door way gaping at his massive erection. She didn't say a word. Didn't emit a peep. Slowly she looked him in the eye, put one finger to her lips and tip-toed away.

Moments later both kids heard the front door open and close.

In a panic Barb pulled his pants up and pushed him onto the sofa. He grabbed a throw pillow to cover himself and when Barb's Mom appeared in the door way things looked normal. Except for Barb's flushed complexion and the tape measurer that was sitting next to her on the couch.

"Sorry, Barb, I didn't mean to interrupt you project but I forgot my lunch!" her Mom chirped as she paused in the door way. "I won't be a minute!"

Did she wink at Dweeb as she turned toward the kitchen? He couldn't be sure but she didn't give any hint of what she had seen just moments before. Instead she just waved as she left.

"That was close," gasped Barb as she grabbed his cock again with both hands. "Now, lets put this to good use." She turned and sat on his lap with his hard on sticking up between them. "I just love this big hard pole! It's so hot and juicy!" 

She leaned forward, mashing his shaft between her sweater-clad breasts while she licked up all the precum that was oozing out of his dick. Both hands were stroking up and down his shaft, encouraging him to spill more and more pre-cum from his dick head. At the same time she was rocking back and forth on his lap. She wasn't wearing panties so her dripping pussy was soaking the root of his hard-on!

After taking a few minutes to be sure that Dweeb was as hard as possible, pausing from time to time to admire her work, Barb pushed him flat onto the sofa.

"Watch me, Dweeb. Watch how my tits shimmy and shake! I love to bounce my boobs in front of guys. As if I have no idea that's what I'm doing!" Her smile was evil. She knew the effect that she could have upon all the males. All the men that would watch her parade back and forth in front of them bouncing, shaking and wobbling her immensities for their enjoyment. And hers.

Wiggling gracefully on top of the fully aroused young man she took off her sweater. Running her hands over her self she pushed and pressed her breasts. Hillocks of boob meat surged and pushed against each other and rose up and out of her cleavage.

Carefully she reached into her now exposed bra cups and pulled her melons free. Barb smiled into his eyes while she gave him an excellent tit fuck! She was gasping and moaning as she worked her giant tits up and down his steel-like member.

"So hard! So big! So thick! I love the way it feels between my tits! I've never had a dick so long that I could suck the tip even while my boobs are mashed around the shaft! What a rush! I can't wait to see what this huge hard-on will feel like while I ride it and have it stuck all the way up my tight little pussy! 

But I'm going to make you cum like a cannon first! I want you to be able to last and last while you're plunging your too large dick into my too small pussy! This will be the BEST!"

"Here, baby, clamp onto my nipples and play with my big fat tits. Everyone thinks I have the biggest tits in school. But not many people know what my measurements are. Are you curious, Dweeb? Do you want to know what the measurements are for the curviest girl in school? Huh? Do you? Well I'll tell ya!"

"My bust line is 44 inches and I wear a 34-J cup bra while my waist and hips are 23 and 34 inches. So i'm really top heavy! And I love the attention I get from all the guys! Now show me how you like being tit-fucked by the bustiest cheerleader school!"

Shifting into high gear Barb soon had Dweeb moaning while he emptied his balls into her suctioning mouth. Her tits were smashed together, enveloping his dick between her tits. It felt so good! To both of them!

After catching their breath they proceeded upstairs to her bedroom where they romped for hours on end. Despite her best efforts to keep up Barb had to admit that her pussy was worn out in less than two hours of fucking. They used missionary, doggie style, spooning from behind, cowgirl and every other contortion they could think of. They both loved every minute of it. But after a while she had to beg for rest. Her poor pussy had been pummeled into submission. 

Rolling between his legs Barb worshiped his constantly hard dick. After pulling two more loads from his dick she tugged him on top of her so that he could tit-fuck her to his heart's content.

Grinning up at him she piled her tits up so he could slide between them. After dumping a load over her face and chest he began to slap her nipples with his semi-hard cock. Which brought him back to full strength quickly. They all but emptied the bottle of lotion that she had stashed in the bed stand.

He finally left just as the sun was coming up. As they kissed goodbye Barb told him "Let's do this again, lover, But give me a couple fo days to recover! I've never been so fucked in my life!"

Dweeb had a huge smile on his face as he drove away. He had banged the bustiest babe in school and she wanted a rematch! He felt his ego build as he remembered some of the compliments she had given him while they were wearing each other out! 'What a rush', he thought to himself.

The next morning as he prepared for his next class Dweeb found a Polaroid picture paper clipped to a note in his math notebook.

After looking at the picture for a few moments he realized he was looking at a close-up of a woman's chest in a low-cut dress. Her fingers were pulling the neckline down even further. The exposed chasm between the immense breasts was breath-taking! It seemed to go on for ever! What a gigantic set of tits! There was no glimpse of her face.

He glanced at the note.

"So you got to titty fuck little Barb Fulman? I bet that was a lot of fun! When you get the chance to tit fuck me you will see the difference. Poor Little Titty Barb can't compare. Look at my cleavage! Over two feet deep for tit fucking! Not even your magnificent cock could touch bottom!"

'Cripes, this is getting creepy' he thought to himself. 'How does she know what I'm doing? How did she get this note into my math book? Did she jimmy open the locker with out anyone seeing her? And who in this school has a set of tits like those? They are bigger than Barb, bigger than Ms. Largeness. Bigger than anyone I've ever seen! And when will I get to see them?' he wondered.

End Chapter Four