 "Big Tits, Big Dicks, Fantasy Fucking"

(o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o) (o )( o)

"Meet me at my house. 8:30pm" read the text. It was from Barb Fulman's phone.

They had gotten together a couple of nights before for an hours long session of sex and experimentation. It had been great. And since Dweeb had not had sex with anyone since then, he was more than eager to get together and play with the biggest tits in school. 34-J cup she had told him!

When Dweeb dropped his books into his locker he found another typewritten note that had been pushed thru the vent slits. Again there was a Polaroid picture attached.

'Where are these coming from?' he wondered. There was no one in the hall. 

The picture was a closeup of a pair of lips. Deep red lipstick, pursed to kiss her man. Or his dick, apparently. 

The note read: "Dwayne, Did you have a fun night with that little tramp Barb Fulman? Did she suck your huge cock? 

"I know that I am a better cock sucker than her! When I wrap my plush lips around your dick head I won't let go until I have slid all the way down your majestic length! I won't release you until I have my lips pressed against your groin while both my hands cradle your ball sack and your gonads have pumped every drop they contain into my hungry sucking mouth and throat!

I'm looking forward to proving to you that all the other girls take second place to me,

Your Secret Admirer"

'Jeeze,' he thought, 'who ever this is she's a dirty, dirty girl. I wonder who she could be?' There were no marks to indicate who might have left it and there was still no one in the hall as he looked around again. 'And how does she know about me and Barb? I didn't tell any one. Did she?'

Later that day Dweeb rang the door bell of the Fulman's home.

Mrs. Fulman answered the door!

Taken aback, Dweeb mumbled "Is Barb here? We were going to, um, study some more." He glanced around nervously.

"I know what you were going to do," responded Mrs. Fulman with a giggle. "Actually, I was the one that sent you that text. I swiped Barb's phone before she went to visit her Grandparents." Her smile was warm and inviting as she pulled Dweeb into the hall way.

"Um, I guess I don't understand," he said.

"Oh, Dwayne, look at me, honey." she told him. Putting her hands on her hips she took a step back to allow Dweeb to look her over. She was wearing a snug fitting blouse above a tight mini skirt with an enticing slit that almost reached her hip. Her feet were clad in tall red stiletto heels that made her seem almost as tall as her daughter. While he watched Mrs. Fulman arched her back and took a deep breath.

Suddenly there were stress lines and gaps as her extremely large tits tried to force their way into the open. Dweeb was pretty sure that Barb's Mom had the biggest tits in the family. She clearly out did Barb!

Mrs. Fulman rocked her shoulders, causing her boobs to sway on her chest.

"You know that I saw you and Barb the other night. When you were working on that 'project'? Well, I haven't been able to think of anything else since then." She glanced at his groin. She could see that his dick was growing in reaction to her teasing. Just as she had hoped!

"I wanted to stay and watch! I wanted to see how big Barb could make your dick become. I wanted to watch as she drained your big fat balls and made you cum until you were worn out. I wanted to watch her slake her needs with the biggest stud I had ever seen!

"But I have needs too, you know!" she smiled up at him. "So once I saw just how big your cock was, I knew I wanted to have a go at it."

She rocked her shoulders back and forth again. Dweeb couldn't stop watching her over-sized breasts shimmy and shake on her chest. As he watched she slowly stroked her hands across her boobs. She popped open one and then a second button allowing her massive cleavage to surge into sight.

"So, do I have a chance?" she asked while still playing with her tits. "Will you come in and fuck the HELL out of me, Dwayne?"

"Gosh, yes!" He enthused. "You're sexy as hell and, wow, you've got a great figure! Even better than Barb!"

"Yes, I do!" she responded proudly. "I measure 49-28-38. My bust is inches larger than Barb, I'm firmer, bigger and hotter than she is. You'll see!" she promised. "And I think you should start calling me Brittany, honey."

"Okay, Brittany," he stepped closer to her and took her into his arms. He had gained a lot of confidence over the past few weeks and hearing Mrs. Fulman, that is Brittany, say all those nice things and tell him that she was hot for his dick? Well he was more than willing to spend some time with this hot MILF!

His lips met hers as she felt his hard on push against her torso. Groaning with excitement she kissed him as hard as she could. As the kiss went on she made a point of pushing her tits against his chest so he could feel how big she was. And she could feel how big he was becoming! She could feel his dick was still expanding beneath his denim pants.

As their lips parted Dweeb's hand slid around to the front of Brittany and he cupped one of her massive boobs. His hand wasn't large enough to contain it, of course, but he gently squeezed and fondled her. In response her nipple grew out to meet his fingers. 

At the same time both her hands began to stroke and fondle his dick. "Oh, Honey, I can't believe you!" she gasped. "So big! So long and getting longer, too. I have to ask, when Barb measured, I mean, the other night with her..."

"Fourteen and one half inches long! Nine inches around!" There was pride in his voice. He had come to realize that he was extremely well endowed. And that lots of girls and women liked a man with a massive, rock hard cunt pounding cock. A stud that could fuck them for hours at a time. A massively well hung stud that could cum again and again! It certainly seemed that Brittany was one!

"Oh, My GOD!" Her grip became more urgent. "What a fucking pole! I can't wait to get my hands on you!"

"Same here," he answered. "I love playing with a big pair of tits!"

The lovers started to undress each other. In seconds Brittany had undone his belt and zipper and was pushing his pants down. He had her blouse unbuttoned and was running his hands over the exposed breast flesh that was bulging out of her bra. 

It was the largest bra that he had ever seen in person! Larger than Billie Jean's, larger than Ms. Largeness' and larger than Barb's big bra! Floral print covered it and it struggled to lift her 49 inch bosom into greater prominence. Dweeb had his hands full trying to caress and feel every bit of those huge tits! But he was trying his best.

At the same time Brittany was finally tugging his pole out into the open. Staring in disbelief she swung it from side to side, gauging the length and thickness that she was about to enjoy.

"My good Lord," she moaned, licking her lips. "This is unreal! So big! How did Barb take all of this? DID she take all of this?" She shot a look at Dweeb. 

"Yeah, she took most of it!" he assured the woman kneeling in front of him. Both her hands were running up and down his dick. "She took almost all of it!"

"I'm going to do better! I'll take it all if it's the last thing I do!"

Her tongue flashed out to just caress the tip of his dick. She cat-licked up all the cum that had accumulated. Slowly she swallowed the mouthful, savoring every morsel!

"Oh, Darling, I want to spend a lot of time sucking and licking your big cock. But let's do it upstairs where we can be comfortable." As she said this she got to her feet and, still grasping his dick, led him up the stairs and into her bedroom. 

She had anticipated his arrival. There were candles lit, the duvet was pulled back and there were several extra pillows strewn on the bed as well on the floor around the bed. 

Without giving him a chance to look around she pulled him to the bed and pulled off his shirt, shoes and socks so that he was naked! And while he sat on the bed she seductively finished disrobing. Teasing him slowly she removed her bra and skirt. She left her heels on because they lifted her tits to the height that allowed him to suck on her nipples without having to bend down.

Grinning down at him she stepped between his legs and started to batter his face with her boobs. Swinging her shoulders back and forth her massive breasts pounded him while she drew him deeper and deeper into her cleavage. Finally she clutched him to her, rubbing herself against him, letting him feel how large, how firm and how sexy her giant boobs were.

"Forty nine inches of breasts! Do you like getting pummeled by my big titties, Dwayne? I like doing it! My favorite position in cowgirl! Me on top of you, hanging my big tits down on your face so you can lick and suck and play with my titties as much as you want! I love getting my tits played with! I just love it!" She leaned in and kissed him as hard as she could.

"Now, scoot on back on the bed so I can sit up on top of you and feel what it's like to get fucked by the biggest dick in the world!"

As he moved onto the center of the bed Mrs. Fulman crawled over him and gave him another hot kiss while she straddled him. Rather than trying to impale herself on his hugeness she rode her sopping wet pussy up and down the length of his dick. Rocking her hips in foot long movements she mashed her clit along his cock. In o time at all she reached orgasm. Feeling his thick hard dick as she rode it back and forth felt so good!

At the same time she was dragging her boobs against him. Her nipples growing harder and harder and larger and larger as she worked herself against her lover. She smiled down at him while she worked.

"Okay honey, now I have to feel what this is like! I've waited long enough!"

she declared.

Rising up just enough that she could reach between them to hold his rock hard dick she shifted above him, making sure to drag her boobs across his face. She finally was able to press her pussy lips against his dick head. 

"Opppphhhhh" she moaned as she pressed herself against him. "So big! So big! It's not going to fit! It's too big, I swear!"

"Just keep pressing, Brittany. It'll fit! Just don't give up!" Dwayne reached up and pinched her nipples to take her mind off what she was trying to do.

After a few moment they both felt her pussy lips yield to the pressure. His enormous dick head started to slip between her soaking wet pussy lips and enter her vagina. 

"Oh, God, Oh God Oh God! You're stretching me! I've never felt anything like this! Oh GOD I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum on your big hard dick! It's making me cum already! I cant' believe it! Whaaaaa!" Her lungs emptied in a feral cry as she took just over three inches of his massiveness. 

Continuing to press downward Brittany took more and more. Slowly she neared the bottom of his shaft. With a triumphant cry she was able to bottom out, taking the whole of his more than foot long cock! She had convulsed thru several orgasm while she had been on that epic trip. Each one had caused her to spasm in ecstasy. And Dwayne had luxuriated in the feeling of being almost smothered in her cleavage between her gigantic tits. He has sucked and licked and worshiped at her magnificent mammaries and now he was ready to erupt at any moment.

"I'm going to cum, Brittany," he announced.

"Oh, let me suck it up!" She pulled her self off him with an audible 'Sluck!' and crouched between his legs while starting to stroke him feverishly with both hands.

"Oh, so good, I love the taste of you, Dwayne. Cum for me! MORE, I want more!" She licked up everything that she had missed and ran her lips up and down his shaft again and again until he was once more at full strength.

Clambering onto her hands and knees in front of him she looked back at him over her shoulder. "Come on, Dwayne, feed me that huge dick again! Make me take it all! No MERCY!"

Grinning madly Dwayne grabbed his dick and centered it at her pussy opening. 

"Now!" he yelled as he pushed himself halfway into her with one might shove!

"OH FUCK THATS DEEP!!" she cried in pain and excitement. "SO FUCKING DEEP!!" 

Without pausing Dwayne drove himself at the eager target in front of him. Deeper and deeper he went. With-in half a dozen thrusts he was hitting bottom and bouncing off the bottom of her cunt! 

Both hands were gripping her hips strongly as he pounded her again and again. In minutes Brittany was struggling to stay conscious as she was driven thru orgasm after orgasm. 

After more orgasms than she could keep track of she was pressed flat against the mattress. Her hands were gripping and pulling on the sheets in a fruitless attempt to escape the punishment that she was getting. Sounds of ecstasy were forced from her with each full length stroke that he delivered. 

"Please, please," she begged. "Please, I can't cum anymore! You've worn me out! Please?" she whimpered.

Pulling himself out of Brittany Dwayne knelt in front of her and pressed his dick head to her mouth.

"Drink it all down, then!" He demanded

"Oh God, yes! Feed me your cum!"

As he stroked himself her lips fastened to his cock as he began to shoot rope after rope of semen. Gulping furiously she took every drop that he had to offer. Licking her lips she smiled tiredly up at him.

"Jesus, that was a hell of of a fuck! I"ve never been pounded like that in my life!" She allowed her gaze to travel down from his eyes.

"What the HELL? You're still hard?" She was incredulous! "After all that your dick is still hard? Is there no satisfying you?" she wondered.

"It's not my fault," he protested. "Looking at your big sexy tits and that amazing body is arousing! And you're so pretty and hot!" His hand was slowly stroking up and down his erection, keeping himself primed.

"I'm glad you think so. But let's take a break! I need to clean up. Lets get a shower, honey!

She led him into the bathroom and they showered slowly. With the warm water flowing over them both she took pains to rub herself against him. His erection never faltered. Using both hands she administered a world-class hand job causing him to erupt all over the wall of the shower stall.

As they dried off Brittany was amazed that he had already returned to the ready position.

Returning to the bedroom she had to beg off when Dwayne made overtures for another fuck.

"I'm sorry, lover. You really wore me out! My poor pussy can't take any more tonight! Let me..." she knelt in front of him and began to give him a titty fuck and blow job at the same time.

"I love that you're big enough so that I can suck on your dick head while your shaft is caught between my big titties. Does this feel good?" She knew that answer from the way he was gasping as she worked.

"Let me know when you are about to cum! I don't want to miss a drop!" she begged him.

Minutes later she moved back away from him and, taking just the tip of his cock between her lips she sucked and licked him while she drove three fingers into her snatch and used her other hand to pull and play with her tits.

"Oh, Brittany, you are so sexy!" he groaned as he began to empty his ball in to her hungry mouth. His offering wasn't as large as his earlier ones, but it was still a good mouthful. And Brittany swallowed it all up!

"Again, Dwayne, again! I want to drink you dry you have so much to offer and I want to get it all! Beat your self off into my mouth and over my huge titties! I love to feel you spatter your cum on me!"

For the next forty minutes Brittany knelt in front of Dwayne. Fingering her pussy. Fondling her tits. Pinching and playing with her nipples. And all the time sucking on just the first few inches of his fourteen inch long shaft. 

"Yes, beat yourself off for me! Stroke yourself! I want to see you spurt all over me! Let me drink it all down! Oh, that's so dirty and sexy! Watching you pound your pud until you cum time and again! Umm, I love it!"

Every time he spouted cum she would suck up as much as she could. Any that dripped off her chin onto her boobs was scooped up by her fingers and fed back to her mouth. The spurts that he directed at her immense breasts, she would push her tits up with-in reach so that her long sexy tongue could lick it up. And at the same time she would lick and suck her nipples, keeping them erect and quivering with excitement!

At last Dwayne had no more to offer. He had cum time and again. Brittany felt full. She had never eaten so much cum in her life! His dick hung loosely in his grip. No longer hard, it swayed in front of him while they kissed before he left.

It had been a night that neither of them would forget! Before the parted Brittany had one last idea.

"Honey, I'm going ask Barb to invite you to diner one day this week. Then I'm going to pretend to go to work. But I'm going to sneak back in. I want to watch the two of you fucking! I'd love to see you drive Barb crazy with your gigantic cock! I'm just a dirty old lady, what can I say?"

"You are a dirty, dirty girl! You really want to watch me do your daughter?"

"I sure do! What do you say? Are you in? Will you let me spy on the two of you? Please?"

He could feel the life returning to his cock at the thought.

"Okay, I guess. It sounds like it would be sexy!"

End Chapter Five