 This is another adventure of Dylan James, Hollywood stuntman and stud. This is the final chapter of Dylan's conquest of an all female rock band. You don't need to read Chapters 1 thru 4, but it would certainly help. Dylan's adventures start with the "One for the Road" Series. Please read them all and remember to vote. All constructive comments are appreicated. 

Chapter 5 The Lead Singer Again

It was about 3 PM when Dylan picked up the phone to call Jade. It would be early for her and he just wanted to leave her a voicemail. It had been a very early morning for him as well, since the last of the girls had just left about 20 minutes before. Kris, Eve, and Angel had stayed and partied with him all night and into the morning. They had smoked and fucked, drank and sucked, and done so many combinations of partners and sexual positions that his head swam. He had finally collapsed exhausted and fucked out about 7 AM with Angel snuggled up against him. He could not be sure, but he thought Eve and Kris continued their feverish lovemaking long into the morning from the way the bed seemed to move back and forth in his half dream state. 

About 10:30 AM, his eyes opened to his bedroom flooded with sunlight and the wet warm feeling of someone sucking his cock. He looked down and Eve was going to town on his raging tool. Somehow she had managed to coax one more erection from his tired and very raw cock. The feeling of her hot mouth on his sore prick was heaven. 

"Oh yeah!" Dylan groaned.

"Like it, do you baby?" Eve asked as her tongue flicked around the head of his swelling cock. A low, elongated moan escaped Eve's throat as she took his full length of his great cock into her mouth. "Mmmmm." Smacking noises followed as Eve groaned, her voice full of lust. "Fuck, you taste so good." 

Dylan's hips began to flip up trying to drive more of his cock into her wet hot mouth, the bed started shaking just a little as he moaned "Uhh, Eve, ohh yeah ... uh, oh yeah that's hot baby." 

Eve switched her technique and began jerking his great cock with one hand and licking the great mushroom shaped head with her tongue. Next she would plunge her mouth down the full length of his cock and take it into her throat, than she would slowly pull back, her lips tightly wrapped around the thickness of his big, energized shaft. Dylan's eyes rolled back into his head from the pleasure that she was giving him. He could hear her closed hand stroking the wet shaft of his dick, and the smacking sound of her wet lips as they seemed to shallow him whole with each attempt. 

"Oh, yeah, you suck good," Dylan confirmed. Eve muffled some kind of response as her excellent blowjob continued. Both of them were breathing heavily and the bed was bouncing up and down as he tried to fuck her mouth in slow, long strokes. His excited cock was getting wet as saliva and precum flowed down the length of his rock hard erection as Eve pumped and sucked it.

"It's so fucking big! I love sucking your cock, Dylan," Eve praised before diving once more onto his cock. 

"Holy shit!" he groaned a few seconds later. The suddenly he cried "AWWWW FFFUUCK," as his tired and over worked balls began to pour what little semen he had left inside into her anxious mouth. Eve began to gulp and swallow his hot cum as it spurted into her waiting throat. The bed frame continued to shake as Dylan sought to drive the length of his prick into her mouth, but Eve's hand about halfway down his cock prevented him from going farther. She moaned as she swallowed and sucked. Ten seconds ... fifteen ... twenty ... then there was a popping noise as Eve's mouth released Dylan over taxed cock from her wet and sticky mouth. She sucked in air and Dylan groaned his approval. "That's fucking awesome baby."

"Want me to do it again? I can go longer." Eve asked as she licked his dwindling penis. 

"Leave the poor man alone, you whore!" came a voice from the doorway. Dylan turned his head and caught sight of Angel standing there holding a cup of coffee with her arm around Kris. They were both nude and their amazing bodies caused a little jerk in his limp but sizable cock. Angel's tall and strong body covered with her self –designed tattoos. And an equally amazing Kris whose major rack was pressed into the rib cage of Angel as they stood watching Eve's little show on Dylan's cock. 

Kris and Angel pulled Eve and Dylan out of bed and into the kitchen, where Kris proceeded to cook a huge breakfast for all four of them. As his head cleared, Dylan began to remember the amazing night before and his adventure with the members of the all female band. How he had fucked each one of them plus Kris the roadie during a gig as a present to Angel on her 28th birthday. As he looked at the three naked women sitting around his kitchen, he knew that he would never be able to repeat that performance ever. That was one for the memoirs, but it was one that would never happen again. 

As he watched these beautiful and totally different looking women talk and play with each other, he thought back to the two other band members who were not here, Misty, the lead guitar player and Jade, the lead singer. Both of those encounters had been very exciting and memorable but both had gone home to their significant others. Misty had already told him anytime he wanted to get together that would be great. But Jade had acted like he had raped her and treated him like dirt, but she had also handed him her phone number as the band broke up for the evening.

After breakfast, Eve and a very reluctant Kris left to go home. Angel and Dylan took a shower together and made a very good attempt at having sex once more. But Dylan's cock was complete shot and Angel was exhausted so they really just held each other and kissed. They both feel asleep again and finally woke up about 2 PM. Angel kissed him lightly at the door as she said goodbye and promised to call soon. He would see her again. He would probably see all of them again, but with Angel you just were never sure when she would show up. Plus there was some unfinished business with Jade. 

He had gone back to sleep till about 4. He got up made lunch, called the office to check in about the coming week, worked out, made a light dinner and just was chilling watching ESPN when about 8 PM his cell went off. He picked it up and saw that it was Jade returning his call. He answered with a casual "hello."

"It's me Jade," said the strong and hard response. 

"Hi, what going on?" Dylan answered. He knew what she wanted, but she was not going to admit it. So there was going to be a little game and he was going to enjoy her begging him for his cock. 

"Look, do you want to get together? I think we should talk about last night. I have a fiancé and you are dating Angel. This could really get nasty." There was a bit of a pause and Dylan did not fill in her blank space. Make her ask for it. "Well, will you meet me?"

"Sure, Jade. I would be happy too. Where would you like to meet?"

"How's about Joe's? You know where that is?"

"Sure. How about an hour? Say 9 PM." 

"Fine. See you then at 9." Jade sounded like she needed to get off the phone in a hurry. Dylan wanted to still play the game a little. 

"Jade, where is your fiancé? I don't want to create anymore trouble for you." That is what Dylan said out loud, but what he thought to himself was, "I don't care where your fiancé is tonight because we both know that you would not have called me unless he was not around. And we both know that you want my cock, but what you don't know it that I am going to fuck you in the ass until you screams, you little stuck up singer."

"He is out of town on a job tonight. I'll see you at Joe's." Then the phone was dead. 

As Dylan closed his cell phone, he smiled to himself. Fucking Jade was going to be a lot of fun. Not so much the actual fucking, that was always fun. But the dance she was going to play to get into his pants. Watching her go through all that was what was really going to be fun. Plus the thought of his big thick cock plowing into her ass while she bucked under him made him hard. 

Jade was a Euro–Asian mix and she was beautiful. She was in her late 20's, about 5'4", 125 lbs with golden skin, dark eyes and long thick black hair. She had this amazing rack for someone her size. They had to be 36C's with big pointy nipples. She had two big colorful tattoos on both her upper arms. A red and green dragon on one arm and some kind of goddess head on the other. She had an amazing ass as well. He had already had his thick prick inside her twice last night, but both times the end had been rushed. He was going to enjoy taking his time as he slid his cock up her tight asshole and hearing her moan in ecstasy. Yeah, this was going to be a fun, hopefully very long night. 

About 8:30 PM dressed in jeans, tight pullover, and his leather jacket and boots, Dylan got on his Harley and headed north toward Hollywood. He got to the bar about 9:05 and parked his bike about a block away. As he walked into the crowded bar, he could see Jade sitting at the bar looking around for him. As he caught her eye, she waved and motioned for him to come to the bar. As he got up close to her, he could see that she looked fantastic in a pair of very tight low rider jeans and a small top that left acres of her golden colored stomach bare. She had left her hair down and was wearing little or no makeup except lip gloss. She had on flip-flops and her red toenails almost glowed in the dim bar light. Her coat and purse were lying on the bar. 

She had saved a stool for him and he slid in beside her. She smiled at him shyly has the bartender asked him what he wanted. He noticed that she was drinking a dirty martini so he ordered another one for her and a vodka tonic for himself. They didn't speak until the drinks came, then they toasted to each other. 

"Thanks for coming. I appreciate it."

"No worries, I was glad to come. So what do you want to talk about?"

"Well, about last night ... that was kind of weird. I shouldn't have done what I did. Either with you or to you. Everything just kind of got out of hand. Don't you agree?"

"So that is what she wants," Dylan thought to himself. "She wants me to let her off the hook and say it was my fault. She wants me to let her have a clear conscious by saying I was responsible. If I give into her, then this evening will end with a drink right here, but if I make her be responsible for herself – I will be in between her thighs inside of an hour."  

"No Jade, I don't. I think everyone did what they wanted to do last night and I don't see any reason to apologize for it. I wanted to try and fuck you and I did try. Anywhere along the way, you could said no and meant it – and I would have stopped trying. I saw you in Misty's dressing room touching yourself while I fucked her. I think you wanted me to try and I think you enjoyed the game until I embarrassed you with the microphone bit. So if that was the only reason that you called me, then I will be going now."

Dylan stood up and started to move away. Jade grabbed his arm and pulled on him to stop. She had an urgent and confused look on her face. Dylan knew that he had her completely now. Jade was a leader, she was always in control of her relationships with men. She did not know how to act with someone who would not give her that control. 

"No don't go, please. I wasn't trying to pick a fight. I just wanted to say that I thought last night got out of hand backstage. I wanted to see you again... I wanted ... too ..." She stared at him not knowing what to say. Dylan knew there would be no better time than right now. He leaned down and kissed her full lips and pulled her tight body against his strong frame. She melted into his kiss and drove her tongue as deep into his mouth as she could. The passion of their kiss was evident even in the crowded bar, and people next to them turned to notice. He broke the kiss and she slumped against her bar stool, dazed. Dylan took two twenty dollar bills from his wallet and threw them on the bar. He grabbed her coat and purse off the bar as he started for the door.

"Where are you going?" Jade called after him.

"Come on, let's go."

Jade caught up with him at the front door as he stepped outside. He handed her the coat and purse, and took her arm guiding her toward his bike. It took her half a block before she could think to ask where they were going.

"Your place. I am sure that you are closer than me."

"But we can't ..." That was all she got out of her mouth before he had pressed her up against the side of a building and dropped his mouth over hers. His tongue parted her teeth and slid into her hot mouth. His strong hands slipped under her small top and began to grab at her large breasts. Jade was already moaning deep in her throat and as his fingers pinched both of her taut nipples her pussy was flooded with wetness. Dylan pushed his knee between her jean clad legs and pressed hard against her fork. There on a crowded LA street on a busy Saturday night, Jade began to grind her suddenly overheated cunt against Dylan's muscular thigh, and her hands went to cup his firm ass in her hands. Someone called out, "...get a room", but Jade did not hear as one of her hands came to the front of Dylan's pants and began to search for the large cock that had given her so much pleasure last night. All day she had tried not to think about Dylan's hard cock as it had plunged into her juicing vagina again and again. By 4 PM, she had been so horny that she had used her dildo to bring her to three massive climaxes and still that was not enough to drive the thought of his large, surging prick out of her fevered mind. 

Her fingers found the hard outline of his large cock pointed straight up like a missile ready for lift off. She jacked the thick column several times as her hot pussy rubbed against the pressure of his thigh. She was beginning to franticly tug at his zipper when he pushed her hand away and broke their passionate kiss. He pulled her toward his bike and grabbed the two helmets off the bike. He put his on very quickly and made sure hers was on tightly as well, and then he swung his leg over the seat. She watched as he started the large, powerful bike and then climbed on behind him. The vibrations of the bike sent a jolt of pleasure to Jade's excited clit. It reminded her of the exciting and frantic fuck on top of the booming speaker at the club last night as Dylan drilled his 9 inch monster deep into her gushing cunt. He had fucked her hard and deep with each powerful thrust as the bass vibrations had added to the sensation. The dual stimulation of the vibrations and Dylan's massive pole ramming up her hot cunt had given her such super strong orgasm that she had screamed out her pleasure into her microphone. The scream had come across the house speakers of the audience and her fiancé. Even as her convulsing vagina continued to cum, she had too run onstage with Dylan's hot spunk running down her legs and sing the last song of the set. That had been one very long explanation to her fiancé last night. He had finally stopped questioning her and arguing with her after she had fucked him within an inch of his life, but the entire time she had only thought about Dylan and his giant pussy pleaser.

Dylan asked her where she lived and she told him just a few blocks away. As they roared off, her hands drifted down to Dylan's crotch. Her hands found the massive bulge in his jeans and quickly started to undo his pants as they rode. Dylan quickly turned on to the darkened side streets and slowed down to a crawl as Jade's eager hands unzipped his pants and pulled his iron hard cock out into the night air. Dylan had not worn any underwear so his rock hard prick jumped out of his pants pointing straight up at the night sky. He was so excited by her aggressive nature that he was leaking precum in buckets. She used both hands and his natural lubrication to begin to stroke his towering prick as they slowly rode through the dark neighborhoods. She was using a strong two fisted action on his aching cock and he felt a huge cum building in his heavy balls. He could feel her two large tits mashed against his back as her hands franticly continued to jack him off. He was breathing hard and his eye lids were fluttering as she worked her magic on his soaring staff. As she stroked him, she would also whisper in his ear when he needed to turn. Dylan could barely think straight has his pleasure mounted. Suddenly, as he was extremely close to exploding, she told him to stop the bike up ahead. Just as he managed to stop the bike, her amazing hands brought him to the edge and over. 

Dylan gave out a large moan of pleasure, "Uhhh ahhh!" His swollen cockhead erupted firing shot after shot of hot white cum into the night air that landed on the fuel tank of his bike. As the muscles in his spewing cock continued to twitch, Jade expertly stroked his heavy prick as it discharged its generous amount of jizz over her hands and the bike. 

"You like that, baby?" Jade asked with a smile in her voice. 

Dylan just groaned and leaned back against her. Jade continued to stroke him until all the cum from his balls was gone. Then she took her cum-covered hands off his sensitive prick, she brought them around his body to her mouth and began to lick the cum off her fingers, has he struggled to zip up his jeans. 

"Jesus, that as hot!" Dylan croaked out as he turned off the bike. Jade had surprised him with her aggressiveness. Maybe he wasn't in as much control as he thought. 

"Catch me if you can and maybe there will be more," Jade cried out as she jumped from the bike and headed for the door of her apartment building with the helmet still on her head. "309," she called out as she took the helmet off before entering. She looked so hot standing there backlit as her long black hair came spilling out. Then she was gone. Dylan took a deep breath. This was going to be more work than he had thought. He had planned to dominate her, fuck her in the ass and leave, but it seemed Jade had other ideas. So he was going to have to work much harder tonight, okay the payoff would be that much better. Thank God, he had taken some Viagra before riding up here. He didn't need it normally although he like the effect it had when he wanted some extra stamina, but the workout from last night had left him a little worn out. He had a feeling this was going to be a very long and physical evening. 

He parked the bike and entered the building. He took the elevator up to the 3rd floor and went looking for #309. When he found the door, it had been left ajar. Pushing on the slightly open door, Dylan entered a dark hallway with a kitchen area off to the left. "Come on in, if you dare," came Jade's voice from somewhere in the dark. Dylan closed the door behind him and made his way into the darkness. Suddenly, as he came out into what seemed to be a larger room, he was almost tackled from behind. As he fell to the floor with a hard thud, Jade was on top of him already as she turned him onto his back. As he rolled over, he could see that she was at least topless as the outline of her large breasts moved in the backlit darkness. She unsnapped his pants and grabbed the top edge of his jeans and pulled it down. "Fuck!" she cried in delight as Dylan's once again hard cock sprang into sight. "He is really fucking hung," she thought to herself as her she grabbed his penis, and began squeezing and fondling it. She was excited to find it harder and bigger than it was on the bike. Her fingers discover his throbbing cock was still wet, and slimy from his previous eruption. Sliding her hands down lower, she wrapped them around the fat shaft. 

"Your cock is so amazing! You can still get hard after all the fucking last night? Jesus, you are hung," she stated stunned at what she was holding. As Jade stared as his enormous erection, she felt like she was going to orgasm on the spot. Dylan's prick pulsated heat against her palm, and she could feel the hot blood inside make it throb. Clutching his thick cock in her hand, she admired the massive cock. It was 9 inches in length, and was as thick as her wrist at the base with its large mushroom head that was so wet from sticky precum that it glistened in the dim lights. She wrapped her hand around it -- her fingers did not come close to enclosing around the entire width -- and lightly pumped it. It seemed it was still getting harder as she smelled his arousal. Her mouth watered, she wanted it so bad. She leaned over his waving tower and her mouth opened as wide as she could. She swallowed the head of his great cock inside. It was huge and soft as her tongue swirled around it, tasting the salty precum. As Dylan groan in satisfaction, she sucked the large head into the vacuum of her mouth, then started sliding her mouth down farther onto the shaft, forcing the swollen cockhead into the back of her mouth. Her nostrils filled with the smell of male cock as more of the enormous rod slid into her hungry mouth. As his cock touched the entrance to her throat, Dylan groaned in amazement, "Fuck yes, deep throat me." 
