 We might not have been all alone in the classroom, but the tension between us made everyone else disappear. His looks were so hard to ignore that every time I turned my head around I felt like hot knives stabbed me in the back. I could no longer hide it. I thought everyone could notice how I innocently looked at the bulge in his pants whenever he demonstrated an exercise. How I lied on the warm, wooden floor with my breasts pressing against the boards and my breath slowly increasing to match the beat of his heart. How he would lie next to me and look at me like he was only resting there between endless encounters of our bodies until he was ready to climb on top of me again.

It was simple. One, two, three and four. Breathe out, breath in. But in all its simplicity, the slow movement made it even harder for me to concentrate as I felt the air leave my body in a manner so erotic it made me shiver. And then as I felt my body filling up again as my lips parted in a cry for oxygen. What I had to do was dance to the music and empty my mind of any sexual thoughts while my pelvis moved back and forth on the floor, against the hard wood which was suddenly feeling hotter and hotter to me.

His footsteps became louder and he was behind me lowering his body to find mine on the ground. His face showed up next to me, but I was to keep my head straight forward in an attempt to be a good student. 

I then felt his hand reaching and touching my chest and pushing it back as he whispered, "Exhale deeper..."

The class was finally over and I was now heading to the changing room, when I remembered about my sweater on the piano. I went back for it only to realize I was accidentally left alone in the room with him.

"Good job today," he said.

"Thanks. I still cannot find the right position of my head."

"Don't worry, you 're only 19. This took me years, too. You will slowly learn your body and feel it when you're doing it right."

"I guess so." 

I turned around and walked away from my tall, blond teacher to go get out of my sweaty clothes but before I knew it he was behind me once again. The door to his changing room opened and I felt relieved that he was taking his own way away from me. I took another two steps before I heard him call me. I knew I should have kept going, pretending not to hear, but I couldn't resist his angelic voice or his angelic looks. I headed backwards like under some magic spell until my hands met the cold material of his door, which I pushed hesitantly.

"You know, I would like to talk sometime. That is about your progress and your future, of course. I believe you are quite determined and obedient."

As if his choice of words was deliberate, I felt my throat closing and my heart pounding in the sight of mental images of my obedience to him.

"Um, sure. I would like that very much."

And just like that, right there in my presence he removed his shirt giving me a wave of pleasure running through my thighs. I stood there in silence observing my wickedly handsome 28 year-old teacher undressing. His body was toned and fit, like the body of an ancient, Greek statue or that of a god. He had big, wide shoulders and strong, muscular arms. His chest was so firm and his stomach so tight. I always had a thing for noticing one's hands and my teacher's hands were strong and manly, they could easily hold me captive. His wavy, long hair fell out of the shirt and his mysterious green eyes pierced me. In this moment I recognized my own smell of hormones and erotic drive. I felt my wetness grow. My mouth acted by itself and my tongue brushed my big, luscious lips in an attempt to prevent the drying effect of the sight of him, half naked.

He moved. I didn't know if I was supposed to be there, if he was going to throw me out, if he could smell my scent as well. I felt frozen as I watched him come closer and closer and closer. His hand stretched and touched my arm. I was electrified. I looked up to see him showing me to the door, but he knew exactly what he was doing and instead of throwing me out he was inviting me in. He now took a strong hold of my arm and pulled it in a sudden move so that my left side almost collided on him. I was shocked. I went for a step back but it hurt to try and move away. I instinctively used my right hand to push his chest and free myself but he grabbed it as well. Our eyes locked. The heat was unbearable. I couldn't take it anymore. I leaned in and kissed him. He slapped my face back and a little shout escaped me. He quickly covered my mouth.

"I knew you wanted it as bad as I did. I recognize the eyes of desire and I know when someone is looking at my dick instead of my eyes. I bet you don't even listen when I teach. I bet you imagine us fucking on the floor when you move that sexy ass of yours on it."

My shame had no bounds. How could he do that to me? Fuck, how could I still pretend he wasn't right? How to resist kneeling and taking him in my mouth when I wanted it like crazy?

"I, I'm sorry... I didn't..."

"You didn't want it to show that you are secretly begging for this?" he said taking his bulge in his hands. "You don't have to hide anymore, I can see inside you. And now I want to be inside you."

He took my head in his hands and kissed me so deeply and passionately I felt my legs weaken. He used his tongue to push mine and he bit my lower lip until it hurt. He lowered one hand and rested it on my breast and squeezed it hard. He found my nipple and pinched it and again, harder, harder. I climbed on my toes and lifted myself higher and projected my breasts. He pulled my hair back with force and our tongues parted. He pinched the other nipple as hard and watched me form an expression of pain and long-awaited satisfaction.

He started undressing me, first my blouse, then my tights, throwing everything on the floor. He took a step back to admire me in my underwear. I knew he had also noticed my body during classes. I knew my long, firm legs, my round popped up ass and my small, firm breasts had caught his eye many times. He took his time enjoying the view of me in black panties and a tiny, black top revealing everything but my breasts and erect nipples.

"Please, touch me," I begged.

He rushed close again and with one fierce movement he ripped my top. He lowered his head and took one nipple in his mouth. He sucked and kept biting me fast. He was already driving me wild. I entangled my fingers in his hair and pushed his head to stick in there. He came up for a breath and gave me another deep kiss continued by a light slap.

"Class might be over but I'm still the teacher and you're my eager student." He touched my ear with his lips, "I know you crave to be treated like the slut you are."

With his words my pussy started aching from the arousal, my juices started dripping and soaking my panties. He put one finger in my mouth and moved it like he would move his dick in me. He traced a path with his other hand leading from my chin to my breast, circling my sensitive nipple, to my belly button and to my pubic area. For a second I held my breath and he paused to tease me more. Slowly he continued with his path, sliding his finger in my black string barely touching the part where me pussy lips separated and in an excruciating way burying it in between my lips. When it passed over my clit I almost screamed in ecstasy but at the chance of the opening he shoved another finger in my mouth and started going in and out faster. I put my hand over his on my pussy and pressed it hardly against my wetness and he pinched my clit like he did earlier with my nipples. It hurt so well. He took the fingers from my mouth which were warm and slippery and he used them to lubricate my boobs and then blew on them cold air, sending a chill through my spine and causing a shake of my body. 

He took back the other hand too and he forcefully turned me around and threw me on the bench in the changing room with my stomach on the surface. When I tried to hold it he fell on his knees and pulled me further down, to lose my grip and land on the floor. He climbed on me with his legs pressing mine closed together and with his hands he pinned my arms to the floor. He brought his face near mine and licked my neck sensually. One hand freed me and headed towards my cunt. He caressed it and found my hole and shoved one finger inside. He didn't give me any time to adjust and started moving very fast in and out. I moaned and I shivered under his weight. He put another finger in and banged my pussy faster and a third one until it started burning between my legs. He kept spreading me like that, not pausing for one second. I started shouting "Yes!" and he took all three fingers out and spanked my ass red. He did it again and I screamed. 

He lifted a bit and turned me on my back to climb further on me, lower his pants to reveal his naked cock and bring it to my mouth. It was huge and very swollen. I opened up willing and wide and took it all in. I was always very good at giving head and very excited to do so. I sucked it hard and used my saliva to ease the thrusts and I felt it get even bigger and thicker. He kept giving it to me and I swallowed it all the way to the balls. He was deep throat in and he moved there in very small and repeated pushes like he was trying to confirm that it was the back of my throat his cock was hitting. I was about to gag, I struggled for some air but my arms were underneath his legs. He took it out, turned me back the way I was and went down to bite my ass and give it a couple of slaps. He then rubbed the head of his shaft on my entrance and moved it a bit in circles to lubricate me with his precum.

"Do you feel my hard cock? Do you feel how much I want to fuck you senseless right now? You should have never started this game."

Before I could reply he thrust roughly and tore me open. He started fucking me like an animal and I yelled with every move that put his whole length inside my hot pussy.

"Ah! AH! You're too rough!"

"I know you like it cunt! Take my cock in like you dreamed of all these months. Feel it throbbing. You love it, don't you?"

"Ah! I do!"

"You love my cock fucking you hard? Say it!"

"I love your cock! Keep fucking me like that! Yes! Oh my god..."

I felt it getting close. My orgasm was overwhelming me. We were on fire. He held my ass cheeks open, pulled my hair back and he pushed and pushed so hard. My boobs on the ground aroused from the cold floor, my mouth open and drooling from the intensity. He went slower but he increased the power and duration of his thrusts, each and every one of them piercing my womb and making an incredibly loud noise of our bodies clashing together.

"Oh! I'm gonna cum so hard in you, little slut. I'm gonna give you what you want so badly. Oh! Oh!"

"Yes! Cum in me! Please fill my cunt! I'm cumming! God, I'm cumming on your dick!"

It was out of control! I came harder than ever! It kept going! He started cumming in me and then he took his pulsating cock out, and pointed it towards my face. I turned back to get a taste of his cum and swallowed whatever landed in my mouth. He shot the last drop of his load and then collapsed on me, his exhausted dick on my sore ass and pussy lips. We tried to catch our breaths and we lied there, two bodies united still in the haze of sex. It had finally happened.