 Roland has been living with us for several months now. My life has been quite interesting since he's entered it. No longer am I constantly drunk, been sober for about two to three months now.

I do have my urges now and then to douse myself with high amounts of alcohol but I refrain from doing so by busying myself with fun activities.

Though right now in this moment, watching Roland openly flirt with an "old friend" across the room had my blood boiling; yeah I had to drink something or I was going to go batshít crazy.

I hated how they smiled at each other. I really didn't like how she was holding his hand. Despite her being a vampire as well I so badly wanted to go over there and beat the shít out of her pretty little face, but I would probably end up hurting more of myself than her.

Quickly tilting my head back I drain the auburn colored liquid in the shot glass in one gulp.

The alcohol burned as it rushed down my windpipe.

Well if Roland can flirt so fúcking openly then so can I.

Getting off the stool I head over to the tall, and handsome guy with luscious dirty blonde hair who earlier asked me to dance but I kindly declined.

"Hey! Wanna dance?" I shouted over the loud music, tapping him on the shoulder.

Turning around his face lights up.

"Thought you didn't want to dance!" He shouted, smirking.

"I changed my mind." I said, with a mischievous smile.

"Let's dance then!" Gently grabbing my hand he lead me further onto the dance floor.

Fingers still entwined he twirled me around so my back was up against his lower chest, upper stomach area.

As a new song came on I started to grind my ass into his groin.

The whole time we danced our bodies moved in sync.

With hooded eyes I looked over to where Roland was at only to see he wasn't there, or that woman.

What the fúck?

That son of a bí-

Suddenly a hand grabbed my throat and pulled me away from the hunky sweaty body I've been dancing with. One moment I was in the hot sweaty crowded place of "Candy Man" the next out in a cold ally and slammed up against a wall. My erratic breath puffed out in front of me as I looked up into the dark eyes of my lover.

"What is wrong with you?" He sneered, his fangs poked out from under his upper lip.

I laughed.

"I should be asking you the same fúcking thing Roland." I said, livid.

"Is this about Lora?"

"Yes, Roland, it sure as hell is. You guys sat there lost in your own little fúcking world, and it was like Libby and everyone else was no longer in the fúcking room!"

Knocking his hand away I walked a few feet away from him.

My feelings right now were beyond hurt. Focusing my attention up at the moon I rapidly blinded my eyelids to hold the tears at bay. I hate when I become a crying drunk.

Don't cry Libby. Don't fúcking cry, I thought to myself in a firm voice.

Warm hands wrapped around my freezing cold face and turned it slightly towards the pale face of the beautiful creature of the night who has stolen my heart.

"Liberty Candace Royce, you know damn well there is no one else I want but you. My world changed when you and Gina saved me that night. If you hadn't I'd of been dead, and wouldn't have met the love of my life. I owe you so much. No human has ever showed me the amount of kindness that you have to me. You don't see that I am lesser than you but equal. Don't ever think I want any other. As cheesy as this might sound I have all I need and want right here in front of me."

My heart right then and there melted. Damn him and his sweet words. Part of me was still pretty pissed at him but my tense posture softened at what he said.

"You know I am still pissed at you right. I hated how close you guys were at the table. It bothered be beyond words could describe. Legit wanted to go fúck up that bítch." I huffed, looking away from his piercing.

"Lora is not a bitch, she's a nice person." He chuckled.

"Yeah, I could see just how nice she was the way she was feeling up my man." I grumbled.

"I love it when you get all possessive of me. But you know what I don't love, when my woman is rubbing up against some random guy." He growled, his grey eyes held a dark glint within them.

My pússy clenched in need.

Then added in a whisper next to my ear,"Lora is a lesbian. So, she does not crave me like you do."

"That doesn't mean anything. The sexiness that radiates off your body and that massive cóck of yours could make any lesbian question her sexuality."

His six-foot seven frame suddenly shook with mirth.

"You have no filter whatsoever, I love it!" He boomed with laughter.

I stared at him with a straight face as he continued to laugh.

"Are you done?" I asked in a bored tone.

"No, not yet." His tone darkened and grew husky, causing my nípples to harden.

I crossed my arms to hide the evidence since tonight I wore no bra with how tight this dress is.

His eyes latched on to where my arms were over my chest.

"Something wrong, my tesoro?" He questioned huskily.

"No, nothing at all." I mumbled.

"Don't lie to me, Libby." He growled."I can smell just how aróused you are right now."

He backed me up till my back hit the damp wall behind me.

My breathing hitched as a bulge rubbed up against my stomach.

I wanted nothing more for him to whip out that cóck and fuck me hard, until I can't walk.

"What is going inside of that head of yours mi amor?" Leaning his face down towards my neck he rubs his nose along my jugular vein. A shiver of pleasure rolled down my whole being.

"I want you to fuck me, right here and right now now." I ordered.

"But what if someone sees us?" He asked. I could feel his smirk against my flesh.

"Then they get a free show. Now do as I say fúck my wet pússy." I growled grabbing a fist full of his hair and roughly tugging it.

"Oh how it turns me on when you get rough." He breathed.

"Roland."

"Right away, Master." He whispered.

Using his thumbs he slid them under the straps of my dress and pulled them down exposing my breasts to the cold night air, making my nípples harden painfully more.

"So naughty tesoro, not wearing a bra," he said as his hungry eyes took in the sight.

A moan escaped me as he engulfed my hardened peck with his hot moist mouth.

"Roland!" I moaned.

"Fúck I can't take it. I need you!" Turning me around he lifted my dress. When he groaned I smiled.

Again dress was tight so I decided to not wear any underwear either.

"So fúcking naughty." With no warning he thrusted inside my tight wet pússy.

"Oh god!" I yelled/moaned with the massive invasion.

He showed me no mercy.

Using my hands to keep me secured from falling he lifted my lower half and pounded into my slick channel savagely.

Our moans mixed with the sound of skin slapping on skin.

Just the thought of someone finding us like this with my body exposed turned me on even more.

"Yes, right there!" I yelled as he hit all the right places.

Every time I would get close to my climax he would stop or slow down and it was starting to piss me off. Ásshole.

"Baby, let me come!" I growled in frustration.

"What's the magic word?" He rasped.

"Please!" I begged.

"As mi amor commands." Setting down my lower half he grabbed my hands and turned me around and had me face him.

"I wanna see that beautiful face when you come on my cóck and squeeze me dry."

Wrapping my arms around his neck, he lifts me off the ground with a forearm under both my knees. Just as I reached down to put him back inside of cúnt he had thrusted back into me. My back arched at how good this new position felt.

Not giving me a moment to take in the surprise attack, he pumped into my purring kitty.

With one hand I held on to him and the other I reached in between us to rub my pulsing hardened clít.

My moans grew louder as the end grew near.

I could feel it rushing to the surface. It was coming and fast.

"GOD. Yes yes yes, ROLAND!" I screamed as my eyes rolled back and my back arched.

The orgásm pulsed through me from my head to my curling toes.

"Holy shít that was amazing." I panted, trying to catch my breath.

Warm lips kissed my right temple.

"God I love you, woman."

I smiled. "I love you too."

Pulling myself further up his body I whispered seductively into his ear," How about we go home and have a round two?"

"I don't see why not. After all the night has only just begun and is so young." He replied with setting me down.

He smacked my áss hard before putting away his junk.

After putting my goodies away I grabbed his shirt and pulled out him the alley and in the direction of our car.