 This is another in the continuing adventures of Dylan James, Hollywood stuntman and stud. You need to read part 1 and 2 of Dylan Joins The Band to understand what happens. Dylan's adventures started out with the "One For The Road" series. Please check all his adventures out. Thanks for the interest and support. And please remember to vote. All emails are welcome.

*

The Guitar Player

"Knock, Knock." 

The sound of knocking on the dressing door sounded like thunder. It was all he could hear even over the booming bass of the house speakers as they played music between the sets of the band. Dylan heard a faint "come in", swallowed hard, turned the door knob and entered. This dressing room was the exact mirror image of the one that Eve and Angel occupied next door even down to the couch placement and wall color. Sitting on the makeup counter with her feet up on a folding chair was Misty, the guitar player. Misty had long brown hair that framed a pouty face. She had on dark red lip gloss and heavy eye makeup. She was dress in an over-size t-shirt that had the collar cut out so it slid down off her pale white shoulders revealing a black bra strap. The shirt was cut off shot to reveal her stomach, where a little jewel sparkled in her belly button. She wore a medium length skirt that came down to just above her knees and a pair of 3 inch heeled fuck-me pumps. All in all, the look was rather random and very sexy. The over-sized t-shirt could not hide her large round breasts and the skirt showed just enough of her legs to see that they were strong and toned. The heels just made her calf muscles jump out more. 

As he entered the dressing room, Dylan was very nervous. He had rarely done anything this wild and certainly not this dangerous. He was a professional stuntman. A man used to taking large chances with his safety and body, but this could get him arrested and put in jail. Both Angel and Eve had told him that there would be no problem that this would work out for his total satisfaction. But he really did not know Angel and Eve except that he had just shared some amazing sex with both of them. There were plenty of doubts, but for some reason, he trusted them. Some head doctor would have had a field day with Dylan and his need to challenge himself and put himself in dangerous situations but that is what drove him. He was successful and well-respected for the very reason that he had walked into this room. He had no fear. But this was taking it to a new level; he could get arrested if this back-fired. Still, in the end, he had gone into the fire because of the thrill and the possible reward.

Misty was holding a cell phone in one hand with her chin resting in the other when he entered. They had met briefly at the bar when the band had first arrived and he had helped them bring in their gear. According to Eve, Misty had been very impressed with the moans and screams that he had gotten out of Angel as the rest of the band had listened while he had given Angel her birthday fuck in her van in the alley out back. Angel had told him she was a pushover for a hard cock. But still! To walk into her dressing room and try to seduce with no startup, no expressed interest was dangerous, but that is where the thrill came from.

Misty watched him walk into the room and stand in front of her. She seemed very casual and uninterested in him at all. 

"Angel is in the room next door," Misty said offhandedly. Dylan swallowed. If he was going to leave it was right now, but...

"Actually, Angel sent me in here to see you."

"What?"

Dylan swallowed hard again and began to unbutton his shirt. He was dressed as usual in jeans, boots, and a nice dress shirt worn out over his jeans. Misty's eyes widened as he quickly undid the buttons on his shirt and pulled it off to reveal his amazing torso. Misty's eyes darted up and down his frame taking in his ripped arms and chest as he threw it on the nearest couch. She took in his cut six-pack abs and strong broad shoulders. She swallowed as she stared at him. 

"Hey, I have to go. I'll call you later," Misty said into the cell phone and closed it. "What the fuck are you doing?" she asked uneasily. 

"Doing what Angel asked me too." Dylan stated as he continued to undress. He pulled off his left boot and threw that on the couch.

"And what was that?" She was starting to get worried here.

"Fuck her band tonight." Dylan stated emphatically as he took off his right boot and threw it on the floor.

"What? Wait? Stop that right now." Misty sounded confused and upset. She put her feet down on the ground and got up off the makeup counter. At the same instant, Dylan unzipped his jeans and yanked them down over his chiseled ass. Because of the danger and the excitement, because of the fear of being arrested, because of the adrenalin pouring into his blood stream, as Dylan pulled his pants down, his giant cock sprung out at full mast and pointed directly at Misty. They both froze right where they were. Misty just staring at his enormous penis, and Dylan holding his pants at mid-thigh, not knowing if he should continue or run out the door. 

Completely taken aback, Misty couldn't stop staring at the thick monster. It was 9 long inches of rock hard muscle with an 8 inch circumference and a very large mushroom shaped head. Because of his excitement there was a large dollop of pre-cum leaking fror his piss slit that coated the entire head of his cock, and gleamed in the dark light of the dressing room. Misty had seen more then her share of cocks in her brief music career, but the pulsating monster bobbing heavily between Dylan's thighs was one of the bigger and thicker ones she'd the pleasure to witness.

Time stood still. She looked at his jutting and leaking cock. And he looked at her to see if she was going to scream or faint. Several seconds pasted and nothing moved or changed. The only sound was the constant pulse of music booming from the club. Finally, Dylan slowly reached down; pushing his pants past his knees until they dropped to the floor. He stepped out of them, his giant cock bobbing up and down, and Misty's eyes plastered to every bounce. 

"That's a big one," she stammered, and Dylan knew he was home free.

Suddenly, the faint, tinny riff of 'Wild Thing' started coming from Misty's cell-phone. She snapped open her phone and said, "Hello?" as she stared at his cock. A wild thought came into Dylan's heated mind, and his cock gave a great surge because of the filthy thought. A large drop of pre-cum dripped on to the floor between Dylan's feet. Misty watched as the drop fell to the floor and breathed heavily. 

"Hi, honey," Misty said in a smoky voice. Dylan moved forward toward Misty, his big cock bouncing up and down as he came toward her. He stopped just in front of her, his leaking penis almost touching the front of her skirt. Her eyes rose toward his, and he pressed his finger to his lips, telling her to stay silent.

"No it is a very good crowd. They really love the show. We are taking a break while they do a kinda fashion show for the crowd." Misty panted into the phone. Dylan pushed on her shoulders and she sat back on the makeup counter. He spread her legs and moved between them. 

Dylan heard a male laugh coming through the phone as he raised Misty skirt up her beautiful thighs. "What are you laughing at?" she asked of the man on the other end, as she watched Dylan pull her dress up to her waist revealing her shaved cunt. He admired the guitarist's bare cunt but thought to himself, "doesn't any body in this band ever wear panties?" His hands both slid down to her warm box and Misty gave him a look and closed her eyes as his fingers lightly caressed the outer lips of her slick bare pussy. 

"No, don't tell me. I don't want to know," she stammered into the phone. 

"Suit yourself," the man on the other end said as Dylan parted Misty's moistening pussy lips and pushed back the hood of her pink clit. She gasped faintly, her eyes closing more tightly as he began rubbing her hardening clit. Her thighs tensed and spread wider.

"Some of us might go over to Eve's after this. Is that okay?" Misty asked the guy on the end, as Dylan slowly pushed his thumb deep inside Misty's tight little cunt. The buxom guitar player moaned softly, staring down between her legs as he slowly finger-fucked her.

"Where are you?" the man asked. 

"In the dressing room," Misty gasped trying to keep her voice normal as possible. It was almost impossible to say anything; the feeling of his fingers inside her hot hole and massaging her hard little clit was getting to her. All she could do was close her eyes and concentrate on what she was saying on the phone, not on what he was doing to her body.

Sure," the poor guy on the other end said. "Stay out as late as you want. Enjoy yourself."

"Thanksssssss...," Misty hissed into the phone. Dylan had replaced his thumb with his index finger moving it around inside of her wet tight tunnel finding her G-spot. He began to rub her there while strumming her hot slick clit with his thumb. 

"You're really very good to me... ohhhhhhh...," she moaned as Dylan suddenly thrust two fingers deep into her creaming cunt and drove them in and out. 

"What? What did you say?" the guy on the other end asked. Dylan continued to thrust his fingers in and out of her juicy cunt a little faster, sending waves of pleasure through her body. 

"Ohhh, nothing baby." Misty groaned, "Just someone bothering me. That's all."

Dylan leaned down and kissed her cheek and whispered in her other ear, "Mmm, you're so wet," he asked. "Why are you so wet?" He grinned slyly as he took his fingers out of her burning cunt and licked them clean. 

"So . . . what are you doing?" Misty hastily asked her boyfriend as Dylan sat down in the folding chair in front of her spread thighs and used his fingers to spread the lips of her wet dripping slit. 

"Nothing," boyfriend said. "Just watching a little TV." 

"Mmmmmmmmmm...yeah......?" Misty moaned as Dylan's wet tongue lapped at her clit. She gasped and squirmed as his hot breath against her leaking pussy got her even wetter. 

"Just watching the game and wishing you were here." Boyfriend continued as Misty's heart began to pound, and her chest started heaving. Her hips seemingly raised themselves as Dylan began to lick her hot little clit, his tongue sliding against her salty cunt lips as he licked her crotch from asshole to clit. 

"Oh God, ...that feels soooo goood..." she whimpered, as she began to thrust her hips at Dylan's face. 

"God, Misty, is there anyone with you? You're getting me turned on," her boyfriend said on the phone

Misty's caught her breath. "Oh, baby, there is no body here. They left." she said as a complete strange ate out her steaming hot pussy. "I was just thinking. Do you wanna know what I'll do for you this weekend?" she asked. 

"What baby, what are you going to do for me?" he asked excitedly on the other end.

"I'm gonna give you the longest blow...aaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!" Her words were cut off sharply, and she sobbed in pleasure as Dylan buried his face in her dripping cunt. His long thick tongue teased every inch, every fold of her trembling cunt as it slid deeper into her soaking wet pussy. 

"Are you playing with your self right now?" Boyfriend asked. 

"Yes...oh...yes," Misty groaned. Her juices were pouring out like honey, and Dylan lapped them up gladly as he grabbed her ass and pulled her closer. Misty's clit was visibly throbbing, and he greedily sucked into his mouth as he again drove two fingers deep inside her aching pussy rubbing them against her G spot. 

"Oh GOD...yes, yes...just like THAT!!" she screamed, unable to contain herself. Her cell phone fell to the counter as Misty lost control. She thrust her steaming cunt against his invading fingers trying to get him deeper into her hot cunt. He sucked her throbbing clit and licked it hard driving her crazy with lust. 

'Wild Thing' rang again and Misty grabbed at it anxiously, but as she did she hit the speaker function by accident and both of them heard her boyfriend moan, "No, baby. I want to hear you cum for me. I want to hear every fucking sound that you make with that hot body of yours." 

Misty shivered as Dylan bite down on her raging clit and a primitive, guttural sigh escaped from her. "That's it," her boyfriend exclaimed, "cum for me, baby... drown me in that sweet juice."

Dylan's mouth and tongue were working feverishly, as her hips rose and fell again and again as he drove her toward a really big cum. Then he slid his tongue lower, and Misty screamed into the phone as his tongue swept around her puckered asshole. He continued to plunge his fingers in and out of her with more and more force. Her body arched and bucked beneath him. Her head was tossing back and forth as her lust-filled eyes watched Dylan's head between her legs bring her off while talking to her boyfriend.  

"OH, GOD, BABY...I'M CUMMING...CUMMING...NOW...NOW!!...OHHHHHHHH, YES, YES!!" she screamed as she flooded Dylan's face with her cum, which he lapped up greedily. 

"Cum for me, cum for me baby. That is so hot!!! Cum for me," her boyfriend urged her on and on. 

"UUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!!!" Misty screamed as Dylan continued his assault on her defenseless pussy. Licking and biting her clit and driving his fingers deep into her shuddering cunt causing her to cum again and again. The whole time her boyfriend was urging her on while on speakerphone, "Oh baby, cum for me. I love to hear you cum. Scream for me! God this is hot hearing you play with yourself."

"OOOOOOOHHHHHH...MMMYYY...GOD!!! OHHHHH, GOD!!"

Slowly, Dylan pulled his face from Misty's sopping cunt. His face was covered with her musky secretions. He sat back in his chair and wiped her essence from his face. Misty slumped back against the mirror gasping for breath, while boyfriend continued to yammer away on the phone. 

"Baby, did you cum? Did you cum for me?" 

Dylan reached and took hold of her t-shirt and pulled it down and under her breasts. It revealed a black lacey front-clasp bra. He unhooked her bra with one hand, and Misty's incredible breasts spilled out. Dylan groaned softly as her twins came into view, "God, ...what fucking incredible tits!" Both her nipples were pierced with small rings, and her aureoles were large and red. Her nipples were swollen and puffy, the nipples sticking out almost an inch like pencil tips. Dylan took both nipple rings between his fingers and began to pull and twist the rings. Misty moaned into the phone, "Ohhh yeah, I just came big time!"

"Baby that is so hot hearing you get off on the phone to me. Are you in the dressing room?" 

"Yeah baby," she groaned as she watched as Dylan stood up between her widespread thighs. Misty just stared with wide eyes at his enormous cock as it seemed to lengthen right in front of her eyes. He grabbed the girl's hips and pulled her down to the edge of the counter. His large mushroom shaped cockhead bumped into the slick lips of her soaking pussy as if seeking out the heat of her tunnel. Dylan took his rampant cock in his hand and began rubbing the head against Misty's juicy hot fuckhole. 

"What are you doing now?" Boyfriend wanted to know.

"Thinking about a really hard cock sliding up my cunt," Misty said as she gave Dylan a little nervous smile. "If he only knew," Dylan thought to himself. She looked at his giant cock as he continued to rub the large head against her sopping cunt, getting it wet and stimulating her clit. Dylan was greatly turned on to be having sex with a woman while she talked on the phone to her man. Pressing his advantage literally, he placed the large mushroom head between Misty's gaping pussy lips and then slowly pushed inside her hot molten cunt. Misty's mouth fell open, and her bright eyes flashed as he steadily penetrated her slick wet cunt. She watched as inch by inch Dylan's massive dick invaded her tunnel, and her body stared to tremble. To Dylan, her cunt felt blazing hot, and unbelievably tight. 

"Baby? You're turning me on so much. Are you thinking about my cock?" the boyfriend wanted to know.

"Ohhh, maybe," she groaned as Dylan eased more of his iron cock inside Misty's drooling pussy. He could feel the slick, spongy walls of her cunt gripping onto his powerful cock as he pushed all the way into her heat. Misty just stared down in astonishment as the lips of her little pussy stretched around the girth of his massive cock. He wondered what she was thinking, why she hadn't gotten up or call out. She could easily have alerted her boyfriend to his presence, but she didn't. Maybe she was as turned on as he was at the thought of getting fucked while talking on the phone. It certainly seemed that way as she lifted and spread her legs even wider as Dylan bottomed out in her tightly packed cunt. 

"Well, I was thinking," the boyfriend said. "Maybe you come back early, and we could, um . . . you know, get naked and fuck ..."

"Sounds good," she moaned as Dylan slowly pulled his long cock out her trembling pussy. He was ready to drill her to her core, but he held back enjoying the tension of the situation. As he gently pushed back into her hot love tunnel, he could feel Misty's pussy pulsating and tightening around his dick. 

"Well, I think I'll be in the mood for a nice, long blow job," the boyfriend said. "Real sloppy and wet."

"Uh-huh," Misty moaned out. "And then I'm gonna fuck your brains out."

"Oh, yeah? Tell me...," boyfriend said excitedly. Dylan slowly pulled out again until only his large head was still inside her liquid fire. He took a strong grip on her hips, and she gave him a fearful look, and shook her head desperately as she realized he was about to take her. Dylan just smiled at her, telling her, wordlessly, that she really had no choice.

"...baby, I love when we talk like this. It is so hot!" the boyfriend spoke. Suddenly, Dylan thrust deep inside Misty's hot pussy, ripping through to her cervix in one stroke. Her eyes flew open wide in shock as his cock plunged into her. 

"UHM-UHM!" she screamed into the phone. 

The boyfriend chuckled, "Oh, fuck! Are you jacking off again, honey?"

"HHHMMMM!" she groaned as Dylan fucked her tight, spicy pussy, feeling her sucking walls caressing his invading cock. She squirmed and thrust under him, her eyes closed, as he plowed into her seething, rippling pussy, luxuriating in the heat of her molten cunt. 

"Mmm, I like that," whispered the boyfriend. "Do it, baby, but save some for me, 'cause I'm gonna be real horny when you get home. 

"Oh... yeah!" she moaned as Dylan fucked deep inside her cunt, slapping his hips against her upturned thighs. "Unh... Unh...oh ...baby, I have to go...ahh... we are ...getting ...started..." 

" 

See ya later, baby."

She slapped the cell phone closed. It was dead. Boyfriend was gone. She tossed it aside. Dylan drove his cock deep into her once again with a powerful thrust and bottomed out against her cervix.

"OH, GOD! FUCK ME!!!!" she wailed, arching her back. Her breasts bounced on her chest as he pounded her tight, seething cunt. Misty bucked, her mouth hanging open as she gasped and grunted and moaned. Her juicing pussy contracted tightly around Dylan's rampaging cock as he ravaged her again and again. Her hands flew to her nipples pulling and twisting the rings between her fingers. Dylan held the girl's full hips in his hands, marveling at the heat and snug fit of her pussy has he stroked into her gushing cunt. As Misty was lost in the pleasure his giant cock was giving her, Dylan heard the dressing room door open. Looking up in the mirror he could see the lead singer Jade slip into the room staying in the shadows. He noticed that her gaze was locked on where his cock speared into Misty's leaking cunt again and again. So she wanted a show, Dylan thought to himself. He moved Misty and adjusted their position so Jade she could have a clearer view of his cock's unrelenting assault on Misty's beleaguered pussy. Since she seemed to want to see if he was a cock's man, then he would give her a show, and it might make it possible to fuck her tonight as well. 
