 Where the hell is it?

I couldn't of lost it so quickly.

I furiously raided my closet in search of one of my most precious possessions.

When I didn't find it in there I started moving throughout the house. Pretty sure with all the noise I was making I'd wake up all who slept, but I didn't give a shít.

I was on a mission.

A very important one.

Just as my hand reached forward to grab the handle of the drawer before me, light flooded the once dark room. Standing up I faced the entrance of the kitchen.

There stood Gina, my ex-nanny, but now head housekeeper.

I watched her as she took in the sight of the mess I had made.

Pots and pans, littered on the floor. Chairs, knocked over.

"Liberty Candace Royce, what are you doing?" She demanded, crossing her arms.

She used my whole name.

I'm in some deep shít.

Play it cool, Libby. I thought to myself.

"Searching.." I answered, doing my best not to slur the word.

"Searching for what? Especially at such a late hour?"

I took a deep breath, composing myself.

"Oh you know... Life." I said as casual as possible.

Her features then softened.

"Is this because of Tim?"

"You know I haven't checked the laundry room. Maybe it's in there." I said completely ignoring the fact that she mentioned him.

Stepping away from the kitchen counter I head to the entrance.

Just as I was about to walk around Gina she decided to block my path.

"Can you move?" I asked not looking at her.

"It's okay to express your emotions, конфетка." She said touching my arm affectionately. "Stop the drinking and live your life like you know he'd want you to. No more trying to drown out feelings."

Her Russian accent grew thick as she looked up at me with sadden blue eyes.

My normally calm and pleasant demeanor slowly changed. I knew my face contorted in an all - consuming anger; nostrils flaring.

This deep burning rage wasn't for Gina. No, it was for me and my stupidity. It's been two years and I still haven't fully come to terms with what happened.

My vision blurred as tears of self hate filled my blue eyes.

"I should of been there for him. I was selfish and stupid." I sneered.

"Libby, you didn't know." Gina tried to reason.

"He was my brother! I should of known!" I yelled. Then in a teary whisper I added,"I didn't even get to say goodbye."

"Libby, nothing was your fault. He kept it secret, and for good reason. He may not be here in body but in here and here," she pointed to my heart then forehead."He will live forever."

"I miss him." I choked out.

"Oh Lib, I know I know."

Enfolding me into her arms she wrapped me into a warm hug.

"How bout we go on a ride? Ya? Like when you were little gurl?"

I nodded my head,

"I'd love that."

After kindly ordering the maids to clean up my mess we headed out to our special place of serenity.

Instead of putting on the air condition I had the windows rolled down so I could feel the cool night night air on my heated skin.

The ride was nice, comfy.

Everything was fine.

Until we arrived.

The moment we parked, there was another car across the lake parked. Out of it came four men. The rounded their large vehicle and opened the back doors.

Out of the van they pulled out what looked to be a severely beaten man. Carelessly they threw him to the ground. Immediately they closed the doors and got back into the van then sped off in a cloud of dust.

Immediately I sprinted around the enormous lake to go to the injured stranger. Holy shít, I thought as kneeled down to the guy with cuts all over his body.

"Hey, sir, can you hear me?" I queried.

In response I received a groan of pain. The sound of tires rolling to a stop had me standing back up in defense mode.

I sighed in relief seeing that it was just Gina.

"Come, help me get him in car." She said carefully lifting him up by the shoulders.

Bending over I grab his ankles and help her put him in the back passenger seat.

Hurriedly we got into the car and drove off to home.

The fifteen drive was cut down to a ten minute one with how fast Gina went. Thankfully we weren't stopped by any cops.

By the time we made it home the man was unresponsive. 

It worried me.

With the help of my female guards, we got him safely to my bedroom. While I gathered him some cloths from my brothers room, Gina gave him a nice warm bath. By the time I got back to my side of the house the man was cleaned and laid comfortably on my bed.

My eyes took in all the cuts this man had in concern.

Walking into my bathroom I grabbed my first aid kit from under the sink.

As I reentered my room I heard Gina mumbled something under her breath.

"What did you say?" I asked her as I sat down to attend to our wounded guest.

"вампир." She said standing from her crouched position on the other side of the bed.

My hands stopped in midair.

I knew that word all too well.

There hasn't been a vampire here Lichfield in years.

They were once a free walking species, until humans decided to make them servants.

Most are dead because of how poorly humans took care of them.

I've heard stories that there are possibly some in hiding.

I don't blame them. They've been treated uncivilized.

"Why isn't he healing?" I asked looking down at his open wounds.

"He has not been fed for a longtime. That is why." She answered, saddened.

"Then I will feed him." I volunteered.

"It won't be easy. At the first taste of blood he will show just how ravenous he is. This man will either lose all sense of humanity and tear your throat open like a wild animal or he will try and seduce you." She explained walking over to my side.

"I want to help him, clearly he has suffered enough. I want to help ease his pain, Gina."

She sighed.

"Alright, I get you ready."

Gina grabbed the first aid kit and set it on the floor.

Reaching into my nightstand she grabs my large black scissors.

"Hand?"

Silently I give her my right one.

Quicker than my eyes could pick up she cut a precise line on the palm, blood rushed out the wound. I didn't even have time to hiss in pain. 

Not wanting to waste a single drop she put the wounded hand over his mouth and allowed the fresh blood to drop inside.

At first nothing happened.

Then, his hand shot up and grabbed my wrist.

Greedily he lapped up all that he could. I watched in amazement as my cut closed up. Like it was never there.

Vampires are such fascinating creatures. And quite beautiful.

"More." He rasped.

"Straddle him and offer your neck." Gina instructed.

I did as was told but worried I would hurt him further.

The moment I sat on his lower towel covered region I got the jest of just how aróused he was from the small taste of my blood.

Not going to lie, it turned me on.

"Go ahead, drink." I coaxed him.

A warm tongue shot out and licked my jugular vein.

A shiver of pleasure rolled down my spine. My pússy was getting very much excited with a man near. This was my first time being bitten, and I'd be lying if I said that have not once thought of what a vampires kiss felt like.

Long muscular arms wrapped around my back like a boa around its prey. I felt not an ounce of fear. I didn't know whether or not that was normal.

The large bulge beneath my heated center cause my nípples to harden in great excitement.

I closed my eyes at the feel of two sharp points along my collarbone.

Distinctively I could hear the sound of a soft click. Like when a door closes, but I paid it no mind. My focus was on the aróused man underneath me.

A moan escaped me as I moved my hips back and forth.

My wet pússy desperately wanted him to fúck her until she could take no more of pleasure this man would deliver.

Opening my eyes I looked down into the piercing stormy grey eyes that held too many emotions to decipher.

Catching the hem of my shirt he lifted it over my head.

My bréasts stood proud.

They cannot wait to feel the lick and suckle of his mouth.

Without warning he grabbed the waistband of my shorts along with my underwear and ripped them clean off. I look at my now lower naked half in awe. Such strength. Now that cloths were no longer a barrier between us, we could explore one another.

He slowly sat up and stared deeply into my eyes.

"What is your name?" He questioned.

"Liberty." I answered, biting my bottom lip. "What's yours?"

"I don't have one."

I frowned.

"How about Roland?" I suggested.

"I like it." He smiled, his fangs on full display.

I stared at them in full fascination.

"Do you know how bad I want to flip you over onto your pretty little stomach and fuck you hard from behind while I sink my fangs into your smooth delicate neck?"

I didn't know what turned me on more, how husky his voice he got when he said that or how slightly bigger his cóck just got.

"The night is so young. So please, demonstrate your dark desires." I whispered into his ear.

"Get on your kneels." He ordered.

I got up and off him to allow him to move so I could take his previous spot. On my kneels I went, waiting.

Turning my head to look over my shoulder I watch as he crawled up behind me. So much power rolled off him in waves.

Breaking eye contact I got on all fours, summiting myself.

Large warm hands grabbed my hips and held me into place.

I swear I almost came right then and there when he slid is long thick hard cóck between my thighs and up against my slick slit and clít.

"Are you ready, i miei preziosi?" He whispered the question in my ear in a low séductive tone that had my insides twisting and turning.

"Yes." I breathed.

Roland as slow as possible moved his hips back and forth.

It was such a tease.

"Don't tease." I pouted.

"Do you like it rough, Liberty?"

Biting my lip I looked back at him with lúst filled expression.

"Yes." I whispered.

"Then rough is what you shall get."

With inhuman speed he thrusted his hips forward. His hot ród rubbed harshly up against clít.

Every time I'd try to move my hips he'd hold me on place.

I couldn't take it any longer.

My dripping tight cúnt wanted him inside her, and now.

"Please!" I begged breathlessly.

"Please what?"

"Fúck me in my tight wet pússy like this is the last time you'll ever have séx." I demanded darkly.

Grabbing my chin in a tight grip he lifted my face up to his and smashed his rosy plump lips against mine in a deep kiss. Our tongues battled for dominance.

Not the slightest warning he separates our mouths and pushes me flat on my bed. Lifting my áss a bit in the air then spreading my cheeks he positions himself at my entrance.

"Prepare yourself, cause once I start there's no stopping me."

"Do your wor— ah!"

My eyes almost rolled to the back of my head as he filled me to full capacity. 

I gripped the bed sheets as he ruthlessly pounded my pússy.

The sound of skin sharply slapping against each other filled the room, along with our loud moans.

"Oh god, Roland!" I yelled out as he brutally thrusted his big cóck inside my tight passage.

A pressure in my lower abdomen was gradually growing.

My climax was near.

So close to the surface.

He showed me no mercy as his thrusts became rougher.

"I'm about to cum! Shít shít shít!" I exclaimed.

My toes curled as my whole body was paralyzed by a massive orgásm. A large hand suddenly grasped my short dark brown hair and pulled my head back exposing my throat.

His bite was quick and unexpected, sending me into a mind blowing orgásm.

As I shot up into outer space Roland both drank from me and filled me. It felt like a good few minutes passed. before I crashed back onto earth. Both our bodies were covered in sweat and my labored breathing filled the air. 

Never in my wildest dreams did I think a vampires kiss was that intense. That was better than all my ex's combined. Holy shít.

"I hope you aren't too tired Libby. That was only the beginning. After all it was you who said, the night is still young." He whispered darkly, not sounding the least bit out of breath.

Holy fúck.

•••

A/N:

This took me quite some time to type but I hope you liked it! This isn't edited all the way so there will be some mistakes, excuse them. Also for the different languages I used GOOGLE TRANSLATE, so if I said something wrong or spelled it wrong be nice about it, thanks! :) Also, just found this website, now a new member so I'm still learning how it works.