 What would be the best way to describe Susan? Well, physically it would be easy – short, brown hair, bit of extra junk in the trunk but with big enough boobs to offset and, facially, pretty plain. What I’m thinking about, though, is how to describe her personality or the type of person she was. You see, Susan was a bit odd or maybe quirky. At least, that’s what we thought during those first few months of the new semester.

Susan always kept her door closed, unlike some of us who propped them open just hoping for someone to stop by and interrupt our studies. However, if you were out in the hall having a conversation with someone, even for just a minute or two, Susan would come out and either join in or at least listen. It got to be pretty predictable and if Susan didn’t come out, you assumed that she must not be in her room. We wondered why, if she was so interested in the interaction, she didn’t just leave her door open. We also wondered how she always seemed to hear you as soon as you were in the hall. Maybe the best way to describe Susan was eager – eager to be involved, eager for interaction.

A month or so into the semester, we discovered something else about Susan. Actually, my friend, Pete, discovered it and I was reluctant to believe him at first. Pete stopped by my room one day and said he had something to show me. He led me down the hall to his room and, inside, he pointed out a stain on the wall next to his bed. He explained that Susan had jerked him off late the night before and that was where he’d shot his load.

Knowing Pete as I did, it didn’t surprise me that he’d shot a load on his wall and hadn’t bothered to wipe it off, but I wasn’t convinced that he hadn’t just given himself that handjob. Pete insisted that he’d run into Susan in the hall right before going to bed and when she asked what he was up to, he told her (trying to be outrageous) that he was planning to jerk off then go to sleep. He was surprised that Susan was not only not the least bit put off by this, but offered to help him with it. He said he realized she was serious when she followed him into his room. He said he just lay on the bed and she did the rest.

As I pondered Pete’s story, I figured there could be a lot of explanations. Pete could be lying. Susan could have a crush on Pete. Or maybe Susan was just eager to please. I decided that if given the opportunity, I’d test the last theory. Susan knew that Pete and I were friends, so I couldn’t just go to her and ask for a handjob. Then she’d know that Pete had spilled the beans and that just wouldn’t be cool. I didn’t want to be responsible for giving her an undeserved reputation. As it turned out, the ideal opportunity came up and I was able to take advantage of it.

I was in my room studying one night with the door just slightly ajar. Susan, who by this time was getting to where she’d visit people more rather than just waiting for hallway conversations, poked her head in my door to see how I was doing. I looked up from my studies and told her to come in, saying that I was overworked and needed a break.

She came in and sat on the bed and asked if everything was okay. I told her I was just feeling a little stressed out and probably just need to relieve some of that stress. She asked if I wanted her to massage my shoulders to see if that would help. I told her that it wasn’t really my shoulders that needed to be massaged to relieve my stress. She persisted in offering whatever she could do to help but I was trying to be evasive and suggestive at the same time. I told her that it wasn’t really something that would be appropriate for her to do for me and she finally flat out asked what it was. I apologized for even bringing it up and told her that I’d been alluding to the fact that what I really needed was a hand release. She didn’t seem clear on exactly what I meant so I made a jerking off motion with my hand.

“Oh,” she said, suddenly enlightened, “well, I can help you with that, too, if you want.” I acted surprised by the offer and pretended that I didn’t think it would be necessary. Lucky for me she wouldn’t take no for an answer and I finally gave in and told her I’d really appreciate it. She told me that’s what friends are for. 

She got up and closed and locked my door while I moved over to the bed. She was wearing black shorts and a white t-shirt and appeared to be braless. I was also wearing shorts and a t-shirt and sat on the bed, propped up against the wall. She came back over and sat near my legs, facing me, and massaged the growing bulge in my shorts. I told her earnestly how much I appreciated what she was doing and she replied with “My pleasure” then asked me to lift my ass. 

I lifted and she started to slide my shorts and underwear down my legs. My cock was pretty erect by this point, but continued to grow even harder once Susan grasped it. We were both looking down at it as she stroked it in her right hand. Thinking that I didn’t want to spew all over my shirt, I went ahead and took it off. I was then naked. Susan gently pumped my cock in her right hand, occasionally switching to her left so she could caress my balls with her right. She never looked up at me, continuing to stare at my cock as if fascinated by it. I watched her hands at work, but also looked at the rapt attention on her face and noticed her hardened nipples pressing against her shirt. I was thinking how nice this was and that if she wanted to do this for me every night, I certainly would have no complaints.

I have to be honest, I was truly surprised (pleasantly) by what happened next. While pumping my cock in her left hand and gently rubbing my balls with her right, Susan lowered her head and kissed the tip of my cock. Before I could even react, she wrapped her lips around the head and slid them down to the base. I groaned and muttered something encouraging, reaching out to run my fingers through her hair. 

Her handjob had been great, but her blowjob was incredible. The moist warmth of her mouth, her lips holding tightly and her tongue moving around – this was better than I expected. The way she was sitting, leaning forward, her left breast was resting against her knee within arms reach. I reached out and began to fondle it, finding her hard nipple and gently caressing it. 

When she adjusted herself slightly, I took the opportunity to ask her to take off her shirt. Susan paused, releasing all grips on my cock and, finally looking at me, pulled her shirt up over her head. Her tits were indeed large torpedoes with big aureoles and big, hard nipples. My dick twitched as I looked at them, drawing Susan’s attention back to it. She changed her position so that she was on her knees, leaning over with her tits hanging, and went back to sucking my cock. I reached out and took her tit in my hand again and played with her hard nipple. I thought that at some point it might be nice to fuck those titties, but at this point I was so close to cumming that I didn’t even suggest it.

I had been horny that night before Susan had come by and had only grown more aroused from the time she came to my door, so it was no surprise that within five minutes of her lips returning to my shaft, I was on the verge of cumming. She was definitely skilled, sliding her slippery lips up and down with just the right amount of pressure, pumping the base with her left hand, fondling my balls with her right and pressing her tongue against the shaft with each pass. 

Up and down her head went while my hips started pushing up and down slightly themselves the closer I got. I was moaning and murmuring words of encouragement and my hand had gone from her tit back to rest on the back of her head. She didn’t rush to get done, even as my cock began to swell larger in her mouth. She just kept a consistent pace, drawing the pleasure out even longer. Finally, as she slid her lips down to the root of my cock, I erupted with a cry of pleasure and began pumping cum into her mouth. She milked my orgasm out of me as I was overcome with waves of pleasure.

I opened my eyes as Susan sat up, her ass resting on her heels and her torpedo tits jutting out. She was smiling, still looking down at my limp cock. I sat up slightly myself, my face moving toward her left breast. I ran my tongue around her nipple before sucking it between my lips. She moaned and one of her hands went to the back of my head. I was propping myself up with my right arm, so my left hand went up to her right breast and fondled it while my mouth worked on her left. Susan was moaning softly, appearing to appreciate the attention. 

Feeling more benevolent than I had expected to, I released her nipple and asked her to strip off her shorts and allow me to relieve her stress with my tongue. She stepped off the bed and stood beside it as I reclined and watched her. She hooked her thumbs in the elastic of both her shorts and her panties and began to push them down together. Her bush was dark brown, like the hair on her head, and appeared to be pretty well kept, which was always a plus when you were eating pussy. Her thighs and ass were kind of big, but after that amazing blowjob and looking at those big tits, it mattered not one iota to me at that point. I lay back and had her climb onto the bed and straddle my face.

With my hands on her plentiful ass, I stuck out my tongue and ran it up her slit. She was very wet; I could taste the juices she was secreting. I started out just licking up her slit over and over, just hitting her clit at the end of each slurp. As she started to get more into it, I moved one of my hands down so that I could slip a finger into her while concentrating my licking on her clit. I ended up slipping two fingers into her and pumping them in and out while slurping and sucking her clit. She was moving her hips and holding the back of my head while moaning softly. I kept burying my fingers in her slippery cunt and sucking on her clit while she rode my face.

Looking up, I could see her torpedo tits jutting out as she alternated playing with each of her nipples with her free hand. Her eyes were closed and her mouth hung open as she moaned. I went back to focusing on the task at hand and didn’t notice when she quit playing with her titties. I felt the hand that was now free when she reached behind herself and took hold of my cock again. She began gently pulling and stroking it as she got closer and closer to orgasm, causing the blood to begin to flow back into it. 

I was still pretty limp when she started, but her hand manipulations along with the proximity of her tits and pussy had me on the rise again in short order. My main concern, though, was getting her to an orgasm. I was pumping my fingers and licking and sucking her clit, knowing that she was getting pretty close just based on her movements and the noises she was making. 

Her breaths and moans got shorter and shorter until she finally froze for a second before letting out a long, ragged breath. She convulsed a little as the tension went out of her body and I suddenly had a fresh flow of pungent juices to lap out of her pussy. Pulling my fingers free, I lapped them up as she rode out her orgasm until she finally dismounted my head and stood beside the bed again.

She still had my cock in her hand and was pumping it again. I was almost back to full strength and when she leaned over, her big tits swaying, and sucked it into her mouth again, I was as good as there. She raised her head after a couple of passes with her lips and asked if I had a condom handy. I had her grab my wallet off the shelf and took one out of there. 

While she put my wallet back, I tore open the packet and rolled the condom down my shaft. I didn’t even have to move. Susan climbed back onto the bed and straddled my hips, reaching down to guide my cock into her waiting pussy. She lowered herself down until I was completely engulfed in her warm confines. She leaned forward as she started to ride, one hand on each side of my head and her big tits swinging in my face. This was exactly what I wanted. I reached up to still them and attacked them with my tongue. 

I ran circles around her big aureoles and sucked on her hard nipples while holding the soft, smooth flesh in my hands. Susan’s pussy felt great as it slid up and down my cock, slippery and warm with a snug grip. I felt like I could lay there all night long just playing with her big titties and letting her fuck me. She was obviously still pretty fired up because she quickly moved into a very fast tempo, slamming herself down on me rapidly. 

She was breathing hard again and moaning, so it seemed to me that she was going to have another orgasm pretty quickly. I just enjoyed the feeling of her pussy sliding up and down me and played with her tits while she pursued that orgasm. I felt as though I could last as long as I need to, having blown a load already not that long ago. I did what I could to help her along, pushing my cock up to meet her on the way down, trying to give her as much penetration as possible. She finally sat down hard and let out a low moan. I could feel her sort of quivering as her orgasm passed through her.

After a few seconds, she started to ride me again and I was amazed at how much more slippery her pussy felt. It had felt incredible before and now it was indescribable. I knew it would only be a few more minutes before I was done for, so I let go of her tits and grabbed her hips. I closed my eyes and just lay there enjoying the intense feeling of pleasure that seemed completely concentrated in my cock. Susan rode up and down, a little bit slower than before, and her tits swung back and forth above my head. 

As my impending orgasm got more and more intense, I was raising my hips up again, pushing deeper into her hot, slick pussy. Finally, with one final shove, I started to cum and I swear there was no blood flowing above my neck at that time. I let out this noise that had to let Susan know the intensity of the pleasure she was giving me. My orgasm just seemed to go on and on, until I thought my balls would turn inside out. When it finally quit, it took a few minutes before the light-headedness went away.

Susan dismounted me, grabbed the condom and wrapped it in a Kleenex, then tossed it in the trash. She then leaned down and gently licked the remaining cum from my flaccid cock. I slid over sideways so she could lay beside me on the bed, but she sat there instead, looking down at me.

“That was probably the best sex I’ve ever had,” she said, “not that I have had all that much. Do you think we could keep doing this, if we’re very discreet?” 

I assured her that I’d be happy to fuck her anytime she wanted and wouldn’t be insulted if she didn’t want anyone to know about it. I reached up and caressed her nipple as we talked. She decided she’d better let me get back to my studying, so she got up and pulled her clothes back on. I pulled my shorts and t-shirt back on, too, in case anyone was outside the door when she left. I thanked her for helping me with my stress and she left.

We fucked a lot during the next couple of months and I don’t think anyone was ever aware of it. I never even told Pete. Even Susan’s period didn’t get in the way of her giving nature. During those times, she would blow me or let me fuck her tits, though in both instances I usually ended up cumming in her mouth. She’d even let me, on those rare occasions when we rode the elevator alone, slip my hand up her shirt and feel her tits from the time the door closed until we reached our destination. 

The thing that finally got in the way of our regular sessions was when Susan got a boyfriend. She didn’t think it would be right to have sex with me behind his back and I guess he was doing a good job of satisfying her anyway. I wasn’t to broken up about it, though, since I had discovered a few alternate sources of sex anyway – not hard to do on a college campus. She did continue to come by occasionally to relieve my stress with a handjob, which she had originally said “that’s what friends are for” and I had no complaints about that.