 "Tappity tap tap." My husband spends hours on that damn computer. Every time I get near his desk, he closes whatever he's doing. He tells me he's checking our mail, or balancing the check book, or paying bills, but somehow, I doubt it. We seemed to have grown apart lately.

****

"Next time he goes to work, call me. I'll set up a program that records every keystroke he makes." my girlfriend urged.

"But that's spying!" I protested. Jeanna is a computer whiz. My husband Tracy is good, but Jeanna does this for a living. She troubleshoots large infrastructure networks.

"Suit yourself, but if you want to know the truth..."

****

Two days later I called her.

"Are you sure he won't figure it out?" I asked, but she was already typing in commands.

"All done!" she said, spinning around in the chair. "You can access the files from here, or remotely."

"Your a genius!"

"I know."

"What do I owe you?"

"Just let me know what you find out!"

****

Two weeks went by before I had the courage to peek into our computer. What if I was wrong? Or worse, what if I was right? I sat there for an hour before my trembling fingers typed out my password.

"S-N-O-O-P-Y" then "ENTER".

I scrolled down the list of bank and credit card accounts, then I saw it. "Instant Messenger". There were quite a few of them, listed by date. I started with the earliest.

It was a pretty tame conversation between "tracy33657" (my husband) and "sweetstacy2". Apparently they were the last two people in whatever chat room they were in, and started talking.The chat was short and basic. But each night, they seemed to talk more and more, and soon they were "IMing" each other, which is where I came in. They progressively flirted more each time, discussing body licking, and their enjoyment of oral sex. The last conversation ended with my husband hinting at meeting sometime, but that was it.

****

"OK, spill it! What did you find?" Jeanna prodded over lunch.

"Oh, not much...just some innocent flirting with some chick named "Stacy". 

"Oh my god! He's having cyber sex!" she said.

"No he's not!" I defended. "She's just a friend...I think."

"So, what are you going to do?"

"Nothing...yet." 

****

"Oh now this really bites!" I heard my husband grumble.

"What?" I asked.

"I just got called for jury duty!" he said as he threw the envelope down on the desk. I had to stifle my laughter.

"Aww, poor baby!" I giggled.

****

It was just Tracy's luck that the case he was selected for happened to be a murder trial. The court clerk called to inform me that my hubby would be sequestered for the duration of the trial, which may last several weeks. We've been apart before, as he travels on business occasionally, so I was somewhat used to being alone.

The first three nights I stayed busy with housework and movies. On the fourth night, I sat down at the computer to E-mail some friends, and do a little surfing. I got bored after a couple of hours, and wandered back out to the living room. I flicked on the TV, and was halfway through an old rerun when I heard it. The familar "Brrinnggg" of the instant messenger on our computer. I figured it was Jeanna, as I had just Emailed her earlier, and I ran back into the office. I froze in my tracks, as I stared at the screen. It was "Sweetstacy".

"Hey Tracy, I'll be in town this weekend on business. I figured maybe we could get together for a drink or??? I would LOVE to MEAT! he he he!"

"Sure, a drink or??? would be great!" I typed back. A drink, then I'll scratch your eyes out I thought to myself.

"Great! I'll Email you when I know where I'll be, and then we can go to my room and I'll show you some of my lingerie!"

"K, bye!" I typed as my hubby had several times before in their conversations.

I paced back and forth, steaming. I wondered what she looked like. Was she prettier than me, or was she a dog?

****

"Oh my god! Are you really going to meet this person?" Jeanna asked incredulously.

"Maybe..."sweetstacy" Emailed me last night. I'm supposed to meet her at the hotel lounge at nine. I'll show up a little early and wait. Depends on her size if I confront her, or just walk out."

"Boy, you have balls!"

"Tracy won't when I get through with him!" I laughed. I was pissed, but obviously nothing has happened between them yet.

"Well just make sure you out dress her!"

****

I showed up at eight thirty, and sat at the bar. I was wearing my blue mini dress. Low cut and short, almost slutty. The bartender brought me a gin and tonic, and I waited. A few couples walked in, as well as a few single guys, including a fairly cute one who sat two stools away from me. He smiled and nodded at me then ordered a beer.

He kept looking at his watch, then towards the door.

"Looks like your date stood you up." I said after thirty minutes and three drinks.

"Yeah, you too?" he asked.

"Uh...no, I'm just waiting on a friend." I lied. He just nodded.

"Excuse me" he said to the bartender, "Have there been any messages from a Tracy?"

He just shook his head.

"Pardon me...did you just say Tracy?"

"Yeah, she was supposed to meet me here at nine."

"Uh...you're not by chance, Stacy, are you?" I queried.

"Oh man! YOUR Tracy33657? Damn! you're more beautiful than I ever imagined!"

"You're sweet stacy?" I asked in amazement. This was hilarious! He thought my husband, Tracy was a girl, and dear old hubby must have thought that "sweetstacy" was a girl! Either that or one of them is gay, which I doubt.

"Well shoot! Let me buy you a drink!" he waved the barkeep over. Between the relief of knowing there was no other woman, and the numerous drinks, I was feeling quite happy. I had already forgotten that we were supposed to be enemies, and we dove into conversation as if we were old friends. I learned he was a lingerie salesman, and was on the road a lot.

Somewhere along the way he patted my knee, but forgot to remove his hand. Funny thing was, I didn't mind.

"Hey, why don't we go up to my room, where it's not so smoky." he suggested. The thought brought me back to reality.

"Uh...no...I probably shouldn't." I said, not very convincingly.

"Oh, I'm sorry. I wasn't trying to be forward. We can even leave the door open, if it would make you feel more comfortable, and you can leave whenever you want." His voice was so gentle and soothing, almost hypnotic.

As soon as we entered his room, he rushed over, grabbed a chair and propped the front door open. He opened the mini bar up and poured us both drinks. I sat on the edge of the bed, and he sat at the table. Anytime someone walked past the room, they would peek inside.

"You know, I think I would feel more comfortable with the door closed." I said. He quickly got up and removed the chair, letting the door swing shut.

"Better?"

"Much."

"OH! let me show you pictures of my kids!" he said as he rummaged in a bag.

"Oh, your married?" Just my luck, my husband cheats on me with a married man.

"Was...she died about three years ago." he said as he sat on the bed from the other side.

"Oh...sorry to hear." I glanced at two wonderful children.

"They spend most of the time with my sister, she only lives a block away from me."

"Oh."

"Yeah, I was at her house one night, while she ran to the store, and I sat down at her computer. She was in some chat room and forgot to leave. There was only a couple of people left, and I sat and watched them talk. Soon everyone had left...except you. I don't know what came over me, but I had to say "Hi!" to you, and well, you know the rest."

"Do you date at all?" I asked.

"Nope, in fact, your the only girl I have talked to since...well." I couldn't believe this. This guy is a hunk, successful, and available. And I am the one laying on the same bed with him. But I'm married, which at this moment is hard to remember.

****

I remember waking up in bed, I looked around and focused on the clock. It was three thirty in the morning. I sat up in a panic. What had I done? I looked around to see Stacy sleeping on the tiny sofa across the way. He had left the bathroom light on, probably for me, he's sweet that way. A quick look under the covers eased my mind. I was still fully dressed.

I was reawakened around nine with the smell of breakfast. He had ordered room service for the two of us.

"I wasn't sure what you liked, so I ordered a few different things." he said thoughtfully. I ate a few pieces of fruit while he jumped into the shower. After asking if that was all right with me. Part of me wanted to follow him in there. I was a little shocked when he came back out wearing a robe, but I wasn't offended. In fact, a hot shower sounded good.

"Go ahead if you want!" he seemed to read my mind. The mirror was still steamed up as I closed the door, and removed my clothes. I balanced my dress precariously on the tiny towel stand next to the bath. For such a nice room, they sure missed the boat on shelf space.

The hot water did feel good, and I put Stacy to the test. You see, I forgot to lock the door. But alas, he was the true gentleman, and never invaded my space. I finally turned the water off and felt around blindly for a towel. After patting myself dry I pulled back the curtain and was horrified at what I saw.

My dress and undergarments had fallen from their perch and had landed in a puddle. They were totally soaked. After regaining my composure, I wrapped a towel around me, which barely covered my ass...ets, and crept back into the bedroom.

"Aw, you didn't have to get all dressed up for me!" he chuckled, already dressed himself.

"All my stuff got wet." I said dejectedly.

"I have an idea!" he said as he disappeared into the bathroom. He returned a minute later wearing only a towel. "There! Now we're even!" he said smiling. "But if it's any consolation, your welcome to some of my samples." He lifted the suitcase up to the bed and opened it up. Wow! a portable Victoria's Secret. He had everything imaginable and then some. I grabbed a few of the things and scurried off to the bathroom.

I turned red as I unwrapped the packages and looked at them closer. First I slid the silk stockings up my legs, then, after some hesitation, slid the CROTCHLESS panties up. I wish I would have read the package a little better. It was bad enough the bra was only a 34c and I wear a 36d, but it was a half cup and sheer. What little boob wasn't popping out the top was pushing through the front. I had so much clothes on but nothing was covered, so I wrapped the towel back around me and came back out.

"Well? Do I get to see?" he asked, still wrapped in his towel.

"Uh...I don't think so."

"Oh come on!" he said as he playfully tugged at my towel. In my defense, I tugged back at his towel. We froze like statues as I stood there holding HIS towel in my hand. How was I to know he didn't know how to tie a towel around his waist.

"Oops!" was all I could say. He reached for his towel, but I pulled it away. He started to chase me around the room, and managed to get a grip on my towel, which I released. We stood there facing each other, he staring at my lace covered body, and me staring at his...manhood.

As if we were magnets, we flew to each other and embraced. Our lips met, then our tongues, soon our bodies were mashed together. We fell to the bed and began our explorations. He kissed his way up and down my body, stopping at all the good spots. After getting me really hot, I pushed him onto his back. I planted a few kisses down his chest, but I was in a hurry to get between his legs. His cock was a little longer than my husbands, and a little thicker. I slobbered all over it, before wrapping my lips around his head. I slowly slid my mouth down, running my tongue all over his shaft. He gasped when I showed him my only real talent. About three quarters of the way down, the tip of his cock pressed against the back of my throat. But I kept going until my nose nestled deep in his curly hairs. He had never been deep throated before, and in mere moments he tried (in vain) to stop me. I knew why, and wasn't about to stop. I pulled him out of my throat and pumped hard with my right hand.

It felt like he hadn't cum since his late wife was around. Spurt after spurt after spurt. It easily filled my mouth, and I swallowed as fast as I could. I ended up lapping up pools of cum from his belly button and from around his balls.

We fucked and sucked all afternoon, stopping only for room service. It was about six when he sat on the edge of the bed facing away from me.

"I lied to you, I'm so sorry." he said apologetically.

"About what?" I asked, sitting up in bed.

"My name. I'm not Stacy...that's my sister. My real name is Tom." I couldn't help laughing.

"What? What's so funny?" he asked with a puzzled look on his face.

"My turn for a confession...my name's not Tracy. It's Susan." Now he really looked confused. "Tracy is...my husband's name. I think you thought he was a woman, and he must have thought you were a woman!" It was hard not to laugh.

"But then, how did you end up here?" he queried.

"I spied on him...now I'm cheating on him."

"So I take it, he doesn't know."

"No...he's in court right now."

"Oh my god, he's a lawyer?"

"No silly, he got called in for jury duty."

"I'm not sure I should be messin' with a married woman."

"Do you want me to leave?"

"Maybe it would be better." I got up and walked around to his side of the bed and knelt down in front of him. He didn't say anything, so I gave him my puppy dog eyes. I slowly moved in and softly lapped at his soft dick. In no time he was at full attention.

"Damn you! You really know how to work a guy." he said with resolve as he lay back and let me continue my tongue bath. I just couldn't get enough of his sweet cum.

By ten that night I had to say good-bye.

"You know my E-mail address, so when you get one set up, call me. I still have three weeks on the road. I truly hope we can get together again." he said as he hugged me tight. 

"When do you leave here?"

"Tomorrow morning around ten." That night I lay in bed contemplating what I had just done.

"Should I tell Tracy, or keep it to myself?" I wondered. "Either way my life has changed."

****

Tom had tossed and turned all night too. Susan was the best thing to ever happen to him, and yet he met her on a fluke. He was adjusting his tie when his breakfast arrived.

"Room service!" came the muffled voice from the hall. Even though he was sad, he put on a smile to answer the door. Swinging it open, his jaw dropped when he saw me standing there.

"Well, are you just going to stand there, or are you going to let me in?" I said with my hands on my hips. Not waiting for an answer, I pushed him back inside and shut the door.

"I didn't think I would ever get to see you again!" he finally spit out.

"Well, I had to return the things I borrowed from you last night."

"Oh no, those are for you!"

"Are you sure you don't want them back?" I said as I removed my coat, wearing only his wares.

"Um...well..." He loosened his tie as I backed up to the bed.

"I'll tell you what." I said as I pulled him down on top of me, "I'll keep what I have on, only if you keep what's underneath." He looked puzzled, then it hit him.

"But what about your husband?"

"You can have him if you want him...no wait, you tried that already. Just kidding. I decided last night that you have made me feel more special in a just a few hours than he did for the entire time we were together."

"So are you saying you're going to leave him?" he asked with a sparkle in his eye.

"No...I'm saying that I left him. Everything I own is either outside your door, or at my best friend's house. I hope you want some company for the rest of your trip."

****

It turned out that Tracy had knocked up one of the jurors, so his hands would be full for awhile, and Tom and I wore each other out. I sucked him off at least three times a day, sometimes while we drove down the highway, sometimes at restaurants, and he always took the time to make sure I was satisfied, no matter how long it took, or where we were. In a few days I get to meet his kids and sister. We have talked on the phone, and we seemed to get along just fine. In fact his sister and I have a lot in common, even more than his late wife.

We made sure "Sweetstacy" called on Tracy a few more times (he never had a clue), until one day when he asked for a picture. First we sent him one of Tom, then quickly said "Just kidding" which he laughed about (ROFL), but when we sent him a picture of me, we got no response back. In fact, he never E-mailed "Sweetstacy" again.

****

Well, it's been over a year now, and Tom and I are planning to get married. His kids love me, and his sister treats me like I was her sister. And to top it off, my best friend Jeanna, just got transferred out to the town Tom and I now live in. Life couldn't get any better.

Or could it???