 Long day, and I was ready to be home. Parked the car in the garage and got out, loosening my tie.

"I'm home."

"Good! Can you come here, I need some help."

"Already starting," I jokingly asked. "Haven't been home more than five minutes!"

She laughed as I got a drink and headed toward the sound of her voice. Walked in the room and stopped dead in my tracks. And rightfully so. She was standing by the bed, arm against one of the posts. Naked and looking luscious, well, naked except for the small red ribbon tied in a bow around her neck. I arched my eyebrow at her.

"Happy Birthday!"

"That's not til next week."

"I know, but I figured I would surprise you a little early. Besides, are you turning your gift down," she teasingly asked.

"You know damn well I'm not," I snorted.

She walked toward me and put her arms around me, molding her body to me. "This is your night, just sit back and relax." Who was I to argue with that?

Her arms went around me and I encircled her with mine. Lips meeting, kissing softly at first, then with more urgency. She pulled away a little and started to undo my shirt while we kissed. Her hands pulling my shirt open and then moving to undo my pants as I caressed her shoulders and back.

Pulling away a little bit, she chuckled, "Well, well, well...excited already?" The little minx winked at me as she got down on her knees while she pulled my pants down. Her cheek rubbing up against my underwear, now a light tighter because of her actions. 

Her lips and tongue circled my growing erection through the fabric. Eyes following her every move as she traced my cock with her tongue, here eyes meeting mine. Enjoying her enjoying her actions. Her hand traced up my thigh and gently tugged on my waistband, freeing me and her other hand captured my hard cock, stroking it gently. I sat down on the bed, watching my girl take the tip of my cock in her mouth and lick it slowly and softly. 

Her tongue traced up and down my shaft as I moaned, her other hand cupping my balls and lightly massaging them, then taking them one by one in her mouth. I couldn't help it, I moaned at the sensation. Her mouth going back to my cock, taking it slowly, inch by inch, into her wet, warm mouth. Feeling incredible as she started to suck gently, then harder, my hips thrusting a little as she took me deeper. Closing my eyes at the pleasure, just soaking in the attention. 

Her hand gripped the bottom of my shaft, tightening a little as she started to go as deep as she could, knowing how much I like that. Feeling the head of my cock hit the back of her throat, I looked down at her and grinned, meeting her eyes. She pushed down as far as she could and held it there, her eyes starting to water a little, then backing up for a breath.

"Oh, God girl, that feels incredible," I moaned. She winked in reply, then stood up, straddling my legs as she sat in my lap. Her lips met mine as we kissed hard, almost bruising our lips on each other, our tongues intertwining. My hands on her hips, pulling her closer, trapping my cock between us, moving my hands up to cup her breasts, thumbs on her nipples, rubbing them. Her hands going to my cock, stroking it somehow in the tight confines.

Without warning, she stood up and turned around, then sat back in my lap. Grabbing my cock as she slowly sat, guiding me in. Both of us gasping as I entered her. Her tightness, her warmth enveloping me. Hands on her hips as she snuggled back into my body, my cock filling her up. Her head resting on my shoulders as I kissed her neck, both of us moaning at the feeling, just staying like that for a minute. My hand reached around and found her clit piercing, starting to play with it as I thrust up into her, other hand going to her neck, surrounding it, holding her there while she moved her hips.

Both of us enjoying, lost in the moment, not knowing or caring how long we were like that. Her hands on mine as we rocked like that, my cock buried in her tight pussy, almost bottoming out. Inarticulate cries from each of us as we brought each other closer to cumming. Fingers dancing on her clit, rubbing as my cock slid in and out of her. Her hands tightening on mine as she got closer, my thrusts going harder and faster as I grew closer too. Lips on her shoulder, kissing and biting. 

"yesssssss, now, oh, fuck, yes, nowwwwww............."

"oh god yes just like that, yesssssss..........."

Her pussy spasmed and gushed as she tightened her grip on my arms, her head going back and almost screaming as she came. My hands pulling her down as far as possible as I came deep inside her. Both of us moaning as we exploded, time just stopping as the bright lights danced across my vision. Spent, I slumped back on the bed, taking her with me, neither of us moving for a minute. Speechless.

She slowly started to get up, my cock sliding out of her. Turning around, her hand surrounded my wet, half hard cock and she knelt, licking it clean, finishing by taking it all the way back in her mouth. 

"Sorry, love, but if you want me hard again, you're going to have to wait at least a couple of minutes," I said as I winked at her.

"That's ok," she said, sliding back on the bed to snuggle close. "We've got all night. I want to make sure you enjoy all of your present."

"Oh, I plan to," pulling her closer as we kissed.