 I woke up on the floor of Marie’s apartment feeling an urgent pressure in my bladder. I looked around at all the bodies spread around the room. What a party! Nobody even stirred when I arose and crossed the room, careful to avoid stepping on anyone. I climbed the stairs, heading for the only bathroom, and was grateful to find it empty. The bright light woke me up and got me thinking as I peed. I knew there were two bedrooms up here and I wondered if they were both occupied. Sleeping in a bed would sure beat sleeping on the floor.

I finished, flushed and killed the light then headed down the hall. I never made it to the second bedroom because, peeking in the first, I saw the queen size bed in disarray, but with only one body on it. The light was still on and I could see that Beth had been the fortunate one to pass out in luxury. I clicked the light off and climbed on the other side of the bed. It wasn’t long before I was sawing wood again.

I awoke again when I felt Beth stirring on the other side of the bed. I kept still and kept my eyes closed since I was facing her direction. I felt her weight shift, then leave the bed and wondered first if she’d even noticed me and second where she might be going. I didn’t hear her in the room, so I snuck a peek and discovered that she was gone. I heard another door close and figured it was the bathroom. I rolled onto my back and promptly fell back to sleep.

I don’t know how much time passed when I was awakened by the sound of the door latching, followed by the click of the lock in the knob. I kept my eyes closed, wondering why Beth had locked the door, then wondering if it was actually Beth. I felt her weight settle onto the bed right next to my legs. After a short pause, I felt the button on my cargo shorts being undone, followed by the zipper. I started getting hard due to the attention, but was still not certain it was Beth, so I snuck a peek.

Barely cracking my eyelids, I could see by the morning light sneaking into the room that, indeed, it was Beth and she was kneeling next to me on the bed as she slipped her hand into my shorts and over my underwear. I wondered briefly what could have brought this on but decided to continue feigning sleep, at least for the moment. She was running her hand over my growing cock before gently lifting the waistband of my underwear and slipping her hand inside to grip my tool. Stroking me in her soft, petite hand, I wondered if she was expecting or waiting for me to wake up.  I decided to just wait and see a little bit longer.

She slipped her hand free and began slowly working my shorts and underwear down until my cock sprung free. I felt her hand resume stroking it before I felt her mouth close over it. I was engulfed in hot wetness and felt her lips sliding up and down my shaft. She pushed my shorts further down as she sucked until I took over, pushing them completely off with my feet. I spread my legs and felt her hand move onto my balls, where it gently fondled them. She had to know I was awake at this point, so I opened my eyes and looked down at my cock disappearing in and reappearing from the depths of her mouth.

I started running my fingers through her hair and pushing my hips up toward her face. She was really focused, never looking up, just bobbing her head up and down on my cock, pumping slightly with one hand and playing with my balls with the other. I could feel my orgasm rising and my cock began to swell as I pushed my hips harder toward her face. She caught on and increased her pace as well, being quickly rewarded as I pumped a load of cum into her waiting mouth.

I continued to watch as she milked me dry then let my cock flop out of her mouth. She looked up at me and smiled sheepishly.

“I hope you don’t mind,” she whispered. I shook my head and told her that I hoped she wouldn’t mind if I returned the favor. She shook her head back, so I asked her if she’d please undress for me. She stood on the bed and began pulling her shirt over her head. I did likewise and was now nude. She revealed a sexy white bra containing her small, pert tits. She opened her shorts next and let them drop to her ankles, though I never saw them hit. I was busy staring at her white bikini panties, her smooth stomach and thin thighs.

I tore my eyes away long enough to look up at her face then, licking my lips, down to her hands, which were about to unclasp the front of her bra. She opened the front of her bra exposing her milky white skin and hard pink nipples outlined by her bikini top tan lines. I wanted to suck her nipples and somehow knew I would very soon. She then began to slide her panties over her hips, a brown patch of fur quickly coming into view. As her panties joined her shorts and she kicked them both away, I was so glad I was going to get to eat that beautiful pussy.

She stood there, her long brown hair hanging over her shoulders, until I gestured for her to come to me. With a foot on either side of my head, she lowered herself down until she was squatting over my face. I placed a hand on each of her ass cheeks as I started licking the juices that were running down her slit. She had one hand on the wall and the other on the back of my head, holding me up to her pussy. I lapped and slurped, enjoying the taste of her pussy, before going to work on her clit. Moving one hand off her ass, I slipped my index finger into her while licking and sucking her engorged clit. She moaned softly and pushed her hips toward my face. I could hear her panting as I brought her closer to her orgasm.

She was so wet that I knew she was very worked up to begin with. To blow someone who appears to be sleeping is the work of a very horny person, anyway. I slipped my middle finger into her along with my index finger and she let out a slightly louder moan, loud enough to let me know she was enjoying it but not loud enough that anyone outside the door could have heard. Her breaths were getting even shorter and her pussy was bouncing against my face while I licked and sucked and pumped my fingers faster and faster. Finally, she pulled my face against her pussy with her hand on the back of my head and pushed her pussy forward at the same time. She shuddered as her orgasm overtook her body, providing me with a faceful of fresh juices.

Once her orgasm had run its course, she let go of my head and swung her leg over me. She lay down beside me and we kissed, my hand going to play with her hard, pink nipples. I told her how pleasantly surprised I was to be awakened in such a manner and she offered to reveal her inspiration.

She’d awakened to the call of nature, not realizing that she wasn’t alone until she’d stood to walk to the bathroom. She didn’t even realize who I was at first and, as she peed, debated about going back to sleep in a bed with an unknown guy. Once she’d finished, she passed by the room on her way down the hall and, seeing me now laying on my back, realized it was me. Still, she didn’t know me all that well, so she went on down the hall to see who was sleeping in Marie’s room (the room we were in belonged to Marie’s roommate, Jane).

As she approached Marie’s door, which was slightly ajar, she became aware of some muted moaning coming from inside. Her first thought was that Marie was scoring with somebody, but she naturally assumed it was a guy. Curiosity got the better of her and she had tiptoed up to the door and peeked in. Her jaw had about hit the floor when she saw Marie and Jane in a 69 on Marie’s bed. Marie was on top, naked, with her face between Jane’s spread legs, her small tits pointing downward. Jane, naked as well, was slurping on Marie’s pussy while pumping a dildo in and out of Marie’s ass, her own large tits pressing against Marie’s ribcage. Beth had been frozen in place for a minute or two before slowly backing down the hall. She had paused in the hallway, shocked by what she’d seen and suddenly burning with desire, her pussy dripping.

At that point, she’d come back to Jane’s room and I knew how the rest of it went. I mentioned that I hadn’t realized that either Marie or Jane swung that way and Beth said she not only didn’t know, but never would have guessed either. Just thinking about it, my cock was beginning to rise again. Beth noticed and took it in her hand and began to stroke it, saying she could see that I was having the same reaction she was. I slipped a finger into her and found that she was drenched again.

We started making out again before she decided we were both good and ready and swung her leg over my hips to straddle me. She guided my now rigid tool into her pussy and started riding me up and down. She didn’t lean forward, but sat mostly upright with her hands on my chest and raised and lowered her tight, hot pussy. All I could do was lay there and enjoy it, raising my hips slightly. I looked at her cute face, a look of ecstatic pleasure upon it, down to her pert tits with their erect pink nipples and further down to see my cock as it played hide and seek in her trimmed brown bush.

The feeling of her tight pussy on my cock was amazing and if not for the earlier blowjob, I’d probably already have blown my load. My mind wandered briefly to Marie and Jane engaged in their sordid 69. Marie was thin and fair with short black hair and pointy tits while Jane was bigger in the bust and hips with longer brown hair. Visualizing the two of them naked, kissing, touching and eventually 69ing, my cock got harder than I could have imagined. I wouldn’t have been surprised if Beth was picturing the same things as she fucked me.

Her eyes were closed and her mouth hung open as she continued to ride me, her breath coming in shorter and shorter gasps again. I started raising my hips a bit more, thinking simultaneous orgasms would be pretty intense, but she beat me to the punch. She suddenly stopped moving, letting out a soft cry, and I could not only feel the tremors in her pussy, but the dramatic increase in lubrication as well.

Her orgasm brought my own much closer to the surface, but before I had the opportunity to fill her pussy with my cum, she dismounted me. Kneeling beside me again, she took my throbbing, slimy cock into her mouth, sliding her lips up and down my shaft once again. With one hand gently pumping and one cradling my balls while she sucked me off, I relaxed and enjoyed her superior oral skills. I had been near the brink and she brought me back and kept me there for a short while before I couldn’t hold back any longer. I suppressed a moan as I let loose a torrent of cum into her mouth for the second time that morning. She kept sucking, pulling every drop from me, then let me go again and crawled up to lay next to me again. We fell asleep that way for a few more hours.