 It was nearly two weeks since Jake missed his check-up and somehow found himself losing his virginity to an incredibly hot doctor named Laura. Since then, they'd got together nearly every night for steamy passionate sex sessions, fucking on Laura's couch or her bed while porn played on the TV, with occasional morning-after sex if they woke up early enough before both of them had to head off to work at the university hospital. It was only because they had such varying work schedules and lunch hours that they didn't fuck like rabbits at the workplace as well. On the weekends, Jake stayed over and they went to watch a movie or have a nice dinner out, but those "dates" eventually lead them back to Laura's apartment where more love-making occurred. Jake could barely believe he was living this life, constantly turned on by the way Laura wanted to be called "slut" and "whore", mimicking the porn stars they saw on their television with startling accuracy, even when she was so prim and proper at work.

Early that Monday morning, Jake woke up and saw that it was about five a.m. His cock still ached with both pain and pleasure from the intense fuck session they had the night before, and Jake's cock stirred as he recalled the events. They had watched one of the silly romantic comedies playing at the cinemas the night before, then came back to Laura's placed and continued their movie marathon with "Cum Drinkers 13". While the porn starlets were polishing their male co-star's gigantic cocks on the screen, Laura was sucking Jake's cock dry as the movie played in the background, yelling at him to "come into her fucking sluthole" when he told her he was about to climax, even gargling the jizz he had unloaded into her mouth. Then, with her pussy slopping wet from pleasuring herself with her fingers while she sucked Jake's cock back to its full length, she lay herself on the couch and ordered Jake to ram her as hard as possible, which he did to the best of his ability, making her cum twice before he finally came in her sopping wet cunt. 

His stirring cock must have woken up Laura when it came up against her ass, because she reached down and wrapped one hand around it, the other hand pulling Jake's face towards her for a light kiss. "Morning, Jake. I see you're still good to go even after last night," Laura said. Looking at the clock, she continued, "Looks like we still have some time, and I know I'm getting a little wet just remembering last night. Why don't we pretend that we just had a little nap break."

Before Jake could say anything, Laura had turned around and used both hands to pull Jake toward her, plunging her tongue deep into his mouth in a passionate French kiss, jolting away the sluggishness that they had from just waking up. She then moved one of her soft, nimble hands towards his half-rigid member, stroking it slowly while she continued kissing him, and soon Jake was fully erect, as if they hadn't ended the passionate love-making session from the night before.

Laura kicked off the covers then and sat up, quickly crawling over to Jake's side of the bed, quickly positioning her pussy over his stiff cock. He expected her to slide her pussy onto his cock immediately, and moved his hands towards her gorgeous breasts, but she stopped him as he began moving his hands, instead pinning both of them by his head. Neither did she start riding him in the cowgirl position, instead sliding her wet pussy along his cock, rubbing naked flesh against naked flesh. As she continued to hump his cock with her groin, Jake's excitement grew, and spontaneously he yelled, "Yeah, you fucking cock-teasing slut, rub your pussy against my cock. Get it all nice and wet so my dick rams up straight into it."

He saw a grin grow across her face in the dim light of this early summer morning, and she released the grip on his hands, letting them return to their original target where he began to eagerly fondle her breasts. First cupping them and feeling them fill up his hands, he squeezed them while she continued to slide her pussy against his cock, before moving his fingers around her nipples and softly squeezing them, making her moan in pleasure. After a minute or two of pleasuring her breasts, Laura let out an even deeper moan, her body shuddering on top of Jake's. "I just came, just from humping you" Laura said, panting slightly. "I think it's time I helped you cum too."

In an instant, she positioned her pussy at the tip of his cock, then slid down to its base as his penis filled her completely. Moaning once more, she bent down and grabbed onto Jake, shaking her ass up and down as his dick easily slid in and out of her cunt. With her breasts right before him, Jake lifted his head and started to bite on a ripe nipple, where she used both hands to muffle a scream of pleasure. Pushing her breasts towards him, he continued to suck on them as she rode his cock, the pleasure building up in both of them, until neither of them could take it any longer and both of them came at the same time, their simultaneous orgasms rocking the bed as they moaned in ecstasy. Exhausted, Laura rolled off Jake and gave him a sloppy kiss, giving his deflating cock a quick fondle before falling back to sleep. Tired and happy after this early morning fuck session, Jake lulled back into sleep as well, a grin growing across his face.

When Jake next awoke, it was far brighter than he had expected, and quickly he turned to the clock. Fortunately, it was only 7.45, and they still had about fifteen minutes to get ready before they had to head off to work. He got out of bed quietly so as not to disturb Laura, planning on waking her after he took a quick shower so she could get a few extra minutes of sleep, then crept into the bathroom. He turned on the shower and began brushing his teeth, waiting for Laura's ancient water heater to get the water to a reasonable temperature. It was a hot summer, and was only getting hotter, but Jake couldn't stand getting into freezing cold showers in the morning.

After a while, the water was finally cool instead of freezing, and Jake got into the shower and started washing himself, thinking about the night before and this morning, where Laura had fucked him with complete abandon. He remembered how he sucked on her tits this morning, and how she made him suck on her tits the night before, though he was on top of her that time, and she still had on her bra, merely pulling it down to reveal her breasts but not removing it as they fucked on her couch. The image got Jake hard, and he found himself rubbing his cock as he thought of the beautiful, sexy woman who was lying in the bed in the next room.

Suddenly, he felt a soft hand wrap itself around his cock, and wet lips had planted themselves on his neck, slowly kissing upwards until they reached his cheek. With the shower on and Jake engaged in his memories, he must not have noticed Laura rustling out of bed and heading into the shower herself. "It was nice of you to let me get a little more sleep," came Laura's sly taunt, "but we'll need to use the shower at the same time for what I have planned." Jake was excited by the thought of having a quick fuck in the shower, his cock already stiffening from her words. Still, he knew their sexual appetites, with both of them being surprised at Jake's stamina, and he knew they were going to be late if either of them was going to be satisfied.

"Laura, we can't do this..." Jake began.

"You mean, 'Slut, we can't do this,' don't you?" Laura said in the sultry tone she reserved for their sexual transgressions, as Jake imagined the smile that crossed her lips as she continued to rub his cock from behind him. "Why don't you wash your dirty little slut, then when she's all wet and soaped up she can clean you up with her titties?"

Jake's cock began quivering as she continued her hand-job, turned on both by the action as well as the sexy tone she used. Punctuality be damned, he thought, and unable to take it any longer, he turned around and embraced her lips with his, their tongue lashing at each other as they joined into a single being in the shower.

Finally releasing his kiss, Jake took in Laura's sensual naked body, its amazing curves still as divine as ever, her gorgeous breasts staring him in the face as she turned away with her eyes closed, her gorgeous blonde hair sticking wetly to her skin as she waited to be caressed and soaped down by Jake. He picked up the body wash and poured it onto the bottom of her neck, where it pooled down onto her breasts, using his other hand to spread it all over her tits. He then put down the bottle down and used his now free hand to soap the rest of her body. She moaned as he caressed her breasts, and moaned louder still when his began rubbing her breasts and her pussy at the same time. Jake was glad that he could pleasure his girlfriend so, and the simple feel of her skin on his fingers was giving him an intense pleasure as well.

Suddenly, Laura got onto her knees, her hands placed around her tits, and said, "Time to repay the favor." She grabbed her tits and squished them over his cock, engulfing it in her massive chest as she slid up and down the shaft, the soaped breasts getting all over his raging member. Suddenly, she slid her breasts upwards, giving his cock a slight reprieve, but his pleasure continued to build up as she began rubbing her soapy breasts all over him. After repeating this motion a few times, she lifted one of her long, smooth legs and said, "I can't take it any longer, Jake. I'm too fucking horny from you rubbing me all over. Stick your fucking hard cock in your slut's cunt!"

Obeying immediately, Jake took his cock in his hand and guided his shaft towards her pussy, both of them struggling to keep their balance as he rammed his cock inside of her. After a few seconds, they both found the right rhythm for them to fuck while staying on their feet, Jake's cock sliding in and out of Laura's pussy and its mix of water and her pussy juices. After several minutes, Jake could feel Laura's pussy clench around his cock as she grabbed onto him, moaning softly, "I'm fucking cumming...oh...."

Suddenly, she slid off him, getting back on her knees, then quickly wrapping her lips around his still-raging member. The feeling of his cock plunging into her warm, wet mouth was too much for him to take, and after a few strokes he said, "I'm going to cum too"

Laura slid his cock out of her mouth and began rubbing his dick, and she piped up then, squealing in delight. "Yes, fucking cum on me Jake. Cum all over my tits and my face like the dirty cum slut I am." She took care to aiming his cock at herself, and Jake's cock finally erupted in orgasm, cum streaking onto her hair and cheek, some of it sputtering onto her lips, slowly dribbling down to her chin to her beautifully soaped-up breasts. A perfect picture.

Unfortunately, this sultry continuation of the perfect morning definitely took at least fifteen minutes, and both of them would be late for work today. "Even though we're both late, this was definitely worth it," Jake said, panting in the cool water of the shower.

"What are you talking about, Jake?" said Laura, her cum-stained lips moving to wrap themselves around his cock once again. "It's Memorial Day today."