 Okay, this is my first story, so please be gentle! Constructive criticism will be much appreciated :-)

*

Scott slowly opened his eyes and glanced at the alarm clock on the nightstand. 8 a.m. 'Ugh,' he thought, 'why didn't it go off? I'm gonna be late. Oh well.'

Stretching slowly, the memory suddenly hit him: soft skin brushing against his, warmth enveloping him. He looked at the sleeping figure beside him. He was on his honeymoon.

He chuckled a bit at his lapse of memory and watched her sleep. People had said they were crazy to get married. She was barely 19 and he was 22, and the whole of their tiny town had agreed that they were much too young and that they'd had their entire lives ahead of them to get married. He smiled as he remembered her dark eyes staring up at him when he pulled the small, black velvet box out of his pocket; the way she'd looked walking down the aisle...and the way she'd cried out, her soft lips trembling as she'd experienced her first orgasm ever. 

The thought made him instantly hard.

He reached out and slowly tugged the sheet down from her body. She was stretched out on her back and her skin looked unbelievably smooth in the morning light. He reached out and slid a finger down her spine. When he reached her round ass, he rested his hand there and squeezed softly. She stirred a little and let out a soft moan. He grinned and leaned down and kissed her shoulder, moving slowly down her back. By the time he reached her waist, she was wide awake. He wrapped his arm round her and pulled her so her ass was high in the air. She giggled and waved it at him a little. He reached out and smacked it gently before leaning down and licking her shaved pussy. 

He'd only been with one other girl. He'd met Mara when he was 17 and she was 14 and they'd been together ever since, but before her, he had a short fling with a college girl and she'd taught him all about eating pussy. He was glad now, as he slid his tongue into Mara's rapidly moistening cut and wiggled it around, causing her to let out a loud moan. He slid his tongue down to her clit and sucked on it for a few moments, flicking it with his tongue. Her breathing got deeper and she gripped the sheets in her hands.

He pulled away and she rolled over on her back to look up at him. He grabbed her ankles and pulled her to him roughly before leaning down and kissing her hard. She moaned into his mouth, her arms wrapping around his neck and her body pressing against him. He leaned down and kissed and sucked her left nipple, squeezing and pinching the right one before switching. 

"Scott," she moaned, "please...I can't take it anymore." She grabbed his hips and tugged them close. He moaned and reached down, gripping his pulsing 8 inches and slowly slid the tip in. She whimpered and wrapped her legs around him, urging him to stop being careful. 

He let out a guttural sound as her pussy gripped him tightly. He tried to start out slowly, but it her urging was too much, and before long he was pumping in and out of her at a steady rhythm. His mouth covered her nipple and nibbled it softly, causing her to moan and cry out. He kissed her neck and licked her earlobe, and before long, she wrapped her arms around him, clinging to him as hard as she could as her orgasm ripped through her. He slowed a little, trying to hold on as long as possible. 

She looked up at him, her eyes glazed with lust and pushed at his shoulders. It took him a second, but when he realized what she wanted, he rolled over, holding onto her so she was on top of him.

She put her small hands on his chest to balance herself and slowly started to move her hips. He closed his eyes and moaned, feeling her tight pussy grip him as she moved. He reached up and squeezed her breasts, causing her to throw her head back.

The image she presented him—one of pure sexual bliss and wanton abandon, was too much. She felt him cum deep inside her pussy, gripping her hips so hard she knew she'd have bruises the next day. The feeling of his hot cum filling her brought her to another orgasm and she cried out his name as she came.

His hands on her waist pulled her off of him and he held her close. He kissed her tenderly before murmuring "Thank you," against her lips. She smiled and snuggled closer. They fell asleep in each other arm's, dreaming of their lives together.