 After his first tryst with his friend's wife Joe had spent most of the week in a haze. Or was it a craze? Had he and Sandi just had one of 'those' moments? Were they letting off steam? Or was it something deeper? He felt so connected to her that he wanted to make every meeting, if there was ever to be another, memorable. 

He definitely wanted to, needed to kiss her again. Just the thought of her made him hard, and the thought of what they had already done made him leak enough pre-cum enough to seep through his underwear. 

Basically Joe found himself walking around in a constant state of arousal or semi-arousal. It was one thing to have had that happen when he was eighteen (which back then it did quite often), but that was over thirty years ago. 

The two of them texted blurbs back and forth over the next couple of days. Nothing racy. And no mention of what had happened between them just days ago. Joe didn't want to push it, or admit the fact that he thought of her a thousand times a day. Or tell her about the blood that pumped into his member on each of those occasions. 

Keith texted Joe often as well, looking to get together for a drink whenever possible before going home. Quite often he would just show up at Joe's unannounced. Joe usually accommodated him, but thought it best to keep all parties apart till he could see Sandi alone again. At least for now he feigned being too busy to get together either alone or as a group.

As it turned out his wife Janice was heading out of town on business for a week. This was often an opportunity for Joe (and many husband's like him) to check out the porn sites undisturbed and maybe jack off for old time's sake. 

After he dropped Janice at the airport he started the routine to do just that, but something very strange happened. The porn that he was normally attracted to seemed to have no effect on him at all. So he tried a different strategy. Joe dropped his drawers, closed his eyes and just thought about Sandi. 

He looked toward the ceiling, recalling her smell, her breasts, and that tight little pussy with the pink clit between her thighs. He imagined being inside her mouth, then looking into her eyes as he entered between her thighs. Just her eyes would have been enough.

Looking down Joe noticed himself fully engorged with a fountain of clear sticky fluid rolling down each side, dripping down from the mushroomed head. He hadn't even touched himself and here he was, ready to burst like wet dream. And that dream had a name.

He stroked himself. "Sandi" he said out loud, as gobs of white shot out of his cannon and coated his stomach. Joe took a deep breath and slammed his laptop shut. He wouldn't be in need of that kind of stimulation ever again.

Joe took it upon himself to find a workable time and offered up his home as a place for the two of them to meet. Sandi agreed and the plan was put into action. Each of them would only have a short time free, so Joe was determined to be ready for whatever Sandi might want. 

Their plan began to unfold. Sandi would take her usual walk through the neighborhood to get some exercise. Joe would happen to be working in his garage. It was common for her to stop and talk with several people during her workout, and she had done the same with Joe on many occasions before. This day however, would be markedly different. 

As the time approached Joe fumbled in the garage looking busy. He had made sure to make the rounds with the neighbors earlier so everything seemed normal. It seemed there was always someone out and about in the neighborhood where he lived, more so on a sunny day as was the forecast for this one. 

Looking down the hill he saw Sandi headed his way, earphones in, wearing shorts and a tank top. Her 34 DD's looked to be less restrained than usual as she was sauntering along the sidewalk. He noticed how her hips swayed to the music she approached. 

"Hi Sandi," Joe said, as he held a random tool in his hand. 

"Hi Joe," she replied, removing her sunglasses so he could look into those brown cat eyes. 

It was warm out and he noticed she was perspiring. Joe could feel himself sweating as well. Not from exercise but from anticipation. He shifted slightly so his hard on had room to grow.

"Oh man," he said to himself. "What is it about this woman that just drives me crazy?"

The sparkle in those eyes told him she was ready, and he could see her nipples were already pushing through the bra fabric.

"I've been doing some landscape work in back, care to take a look?"

"Love to." Their eyes locked, it was game on.

Joe led her into the garage and closed the door behind her. The second the door shut he bent down and kissed her, and without saying a word they both knew that the feeling between them was more powerful than anything either of them had ever felt. 

One step into the house Joe stopped her. As he kissed her again he began pulling off her clothes until she was stripped naked. Completely. As her panties hit the floor Sandi didn't say a word, and didn't seem nervous at all. 

All she finally said was "I don't know why but I trust you." 

Sandi stood there completely naked in front of the fully clothed Joe. Her nipples were pencil eraser erect and pointed right at him. She put her hands at her side so Joe could get a good look at her tits, her stomach, her legs, and her pussy. Joe had to pause and stare. She was so much shorter and smaller than Joe she looked like doll to him. A living doll.

It was every man's dream comes true. Here stood a naked, willing, beautiful woman that he was completely gaga about in his hallway. This wasn't about hitting on someone's wife, or spite, or revenge. This was about two people who had some kind of unexplainable cosmic connection. Joe ran his hands down her triceps and could actually feel an electrical charge between the two of them. 

There was another charge as well. So much blood was rushing to fill his hardening rod that he felt dizzy. He actually had to put his hand on the wall to steady himself.

"Holy fuck" he thought. 

He wanted to tell her how perfect she looked. How he loved the way she wore her hair, how he wanted to kiss her tiny neck, how the freckles on her tits were spaced just perfectly. He wanted to tell her how that little patch of hair on her mound accented her pussy. He wanted to ask her if she knew how petite her pussy lips were compared to other women, or how tight she felt when he had fingered her last. 

Yeah, he wanted to tell her all that, but as usual he was dumbstruck by the fact she would even talk to him. Much less agree to this. 

"Wow," was all he could say. Sandi just smiled and kissed him, tongues entwined.

Joe led her to an upstairs room, stopping her two steps ahead of him to admire then kiss her round ass on the stairway. It was so beautiful he just had to, and he made sure to kiss each cheek. As he pushed her upstairs he measured her tiny ass cheeks with his large hand. Her entire ass was about thumb to little finger wide. 

Once upstairs Joe walked her over and sat her on a towel he had placed on the floor in front of a couch. Without asking he took out a long strand of webbing and tied one end around her wrist. Sandi just looked at him, tilting her head slightly as if curious about what was happening.

Joe kissed her and as he did so wrapped the webbing around the couch and back over to her other hand, effectively tying her in place. Fully clothed, he stared down at the tied naked woman on his floor, committing every part of her body to memory. 

As she sat tied in place he spread her legs open slowly as he kissed and sucked on her big tits. He would stop in between to kiss her, and mix her saliva with his on each nipple. 

Since her arms were fully outstretched he took the liberty of licking her armpits, running his tongue over the short hairs in each one, replacing sweat with saliva. He continued this for a few minutes. Armpit, nipple, kiss, nipple, armpit. A swipe of his hand between her legs revealed a wet pussy, and he brought the juice into play. Armpit, pussy juice on nipple, lick nipple, kiss, pussy juice on nipple, lick nipple, armpit. He could of done this all day. He added to this by streaking the crystal fluids on his fingers across her cheeks, her lips, and sticking his fingers in her mouth so she could taste herself as he worked her.

After a few minutes Joe reached back behind a couch pillow and grabbed a large vibrator. He laid it in between her tits, introducing it but not turning it on yet. Slowly he lowered it down below her navel. As the vibrator past her curly mound he began rubbing the top of her pussy with the white tapered end. He worked it in circle for a moment with plans for slowly cranking up the speed then taking it deeper. 

Sandi stopped him before he could turn it on.

"Oh no," he thought to himself, I just ruined this. He was unsure of the correct protocol of using a giant vibrator on his friend's wife. 

"I don't need that, Joe," She said, "I need you." 

Joe tossed the device aside and went to work on her folds with his tongue. She writhed in ecstasy as he continued to work her pussy and breasts. She was soaking wet on both sides from thigh to hamstring and her juice was like lotion on his cheeks. He buried his head deeper as he took a nipple in each hand.

"Umm" She moaned. It was that same sound he had heard the first time he went down on her, like an angel calling out. He could feel and see her stomach rolling as her mound would involuntarily rise up to meet his tongue.

Joe again noticed her pussy juice had no smell, but had a wonderful taste to it. It was addicting. He wondered if she did something special to make it so enticing. 

After a moment Joe stopped and quickly stripped his clothes off. He couldn't take it anymore; he had some unfinished business from their last meeting: to put his straining purple meat in her tiny beautiful mouth.

He kneeled and moved his cock into position in front of her mouth, just millimeters from her lips. She looked right into his eyes. 

"Untie me," she said. 

"Oh no," he again thought to himself, I just ruined this. He was unsure of the correct protocol of tying his friend's naked wife to a couch.

Joe simply nodded and helped loosen the straps. The next move would have to be hers.

Once free Sandi dropped the webbing and stood up. Her next move was to push Joe to the floor. 

Now he was naked on the floor and it was she over him. He lay there on his back while she looked down at him. She knelt down and gave him a kiss while she checked out his body before she raised up and stroked his cock. Her other hand ran across the hair on his chest and bounced off rock hard nipples. 

Sandi then kneeled down lower. Holding his rod in place upright she put herself over him so the head was near her mouth. 

Expertly she grabbed the base of his cock, circling it with her hands. Joe had never felt his dick this hard; it was like a concrete rocket. Sandi sized it up, tasting the tip of it with her tongue and cleaning off the clear liquid that was bubbling out the slit at the end. Joe stared at what was happening. His erect rod was easily as tall as her face from chin to forehead. He had forgotten how tiny she was in comparison to him. Joe figured she would lick him while she jacked him off. He was fine with that as long as she would kiss him after.

Suddenly, to Joe's surprise she looked him directly in the eyes, and then dropped her head down with her mouth wide open. 

Sandi took his entire cock in her mouth and proceeded to face fuck him like no one had ever done before. 

He looked to see his massive cock disappear completely down her throat, and then reappear for a millisecond before again returning to heaven. Joe closed his eyes as his toes curled. 

"Oh my god" was all he could manage to say.

If he didn't know better Joe would of sworn he was inside a pussy. The feeling was just so smooth. Joe was sure the only way she could take his whole cock was to swallow half of it on each down stroke. 

Since Sandi was quite a bit shorter than him Joe found he was able to reach out and grab her ass. He pulled her ass toward him and found that if he stretched out his arm he could try to finger her from behind as she worked her magic mouth. Sandi didn't argue this, and turned so her pussy would be more accessible while she bobbed faster and faster. Joe fought to get one finger fully inside her since she was so tight, finally choosing to use a smaller finger.

As she continued to suck his cock her nipples would also swing against Joe's thigh. The engorged protrusions, still coated with her own pussy juice made for an added sensation that was impossible to describe. 

Just as difficult to describe was the fantastic view. Days ago Joe could never have imagined that this respected, conservative, prim and proper suburban housewife would be naked on his floor. Naked would have been enough, but she was also letting his giant dick slide in and out of her throat as he slid his finger in and out of her. 

Her smoothness as he slid and curled his digit in her soaked slit, along with all the other stimulation was just too sexy, and before too long he felt like his rocket was ready to blast off. Joe pulled his finger out and wiped the wetness on her nipples. Then he reached out to her, putting his hands on each side of her face while she worked his cock. He tugged at her head, not sure what to do in this unfamiliar situation. 

No correct protocol for this either. He knew he was about to come but didn't want to surprise her if she didn't want him to do so in her mouth. 

Joe grabbed the sides of her head as if to stop the sucking machine. His back was arching and his breathing getting loud and fast. Sandi knocked his hands away, making it clear she was not letting go and continued to suck even harder and faster, still taking his cock in her mouth from head to base. 

Joe suddenly grunted as he came with what felt like gallons of jizz blasting into her mouth. His body was convulsing so much his joints were cracking, and the orgasm lasted about fifteen seconds. 

"Umm," Sandi moaned as cum poured down her throat. It was the same sound she had made when he had been licking her. Apparently she loved giving head as much as receiving it. She savored every drop, sealing her lips around his hose even after he had finished coming so none would escape. 

Joe had never seen anyone better at this in person or in any porno he had ever watched. 

All Joe could do was lie there, naked, exhausted, spent, and totally in awe. He smiled at Sandi, his queen and conqueror, and she smiled back. They both shared a good laugh followed by a deep kiss, where they mixed her pussy juice and his cum together with their tongues. 

"Gotta run." She said.

"Let me just look at you for a second," Joe said. 

She complied and stood still as he memorized her naked body. He squeezed his cock for what little juice he could muster, and rubbed some behind each of her ears as he kissed her one last time. 

A minute later Sandi moved downstairs to dress. 

Joe lay there naked, contemplating what had just happened. His friend's wife had just given him the best blowjob in world history. And now she was headed home wet behind the ears, with a smile on her face and a stomach full of Joe's cum.

He had a feeling this wouldn't be the last time, and still couldn't believe that a simple first kiss had really led them to this.