 I awake early one morning; our legs are entangled with each others, my head had been resting on your shoulder with my arm draped over your chest. I roll over, stretching my arms and back; my legs are still wrapped with yours. I start to nestle back in beside you, when I feel a twitch occur beneath the covers, on my leg. I look over at you and you are still soundly asleep; a peaceful look upon your face and deep steady breaths of air make your chest rise and fall. Again I feel a slight twitching and realize that you are becoming aroused; this in turn, arouses me. I use my leg to massage the growing bulge in your shorts. I can feel the heat and hardness as I use my leg to press up and down on your cock. 

I disentangle my legs from yours and I slip under the covers to release your bulge from the binding shorts; as I gradually pull at the elastic band of your shorts, so not to wake you, I reach inside and gently pull out your cock and lift your balls out as well. Standing at almost full attention, under the covers, is your glorious cock. And all I want to do is slide it my mouth. I feel bad because you are still sleeping and I don't want to wake you, but I just can't resist the feel of your cock in my mouth. I'm curious as to how far I can get and not wake you. 

Before I lose my nerve, I slowly lower my mouth over your cock and wrap my lips around it. I feel it pulse and twitch in my mouth. Without making a sound, I begin to move my mouth up and down your shaft. Mmm, you taste so good. I can still smell the tangy aroma of our passions from the night before; and you taste even better. As I move my mouth up and down your shaft sucking fervently, in slow repetitive motions, a moan rumbles deep in my throat unable to escape my lips because I have put the entirety of your cock firmly in my mouth and throat. I can feel that my body is becoming eager for yours as another moan rumbles through me and this time it escapes from my lips as I withdraw your now glistening cock from my mouth. 

Guiltily I stop for a moment to assure myself that I have not rattled you from your slumber. As I listen, you are still steadily breathing as you rest comfortably; innocently unaware that I lurk beneath the covers. With your cock in sight, and standing fully upright, I lie on my back next to you and reach my hand down between my legs to pleasure myself. My fingers meander over my mound of curly fur, and reach down to my freshly shaven lips. My lips feel swollen and moist; I lightly smack my pussy, stinging my lips and making them swell even more. I slowly spread my lips apart with my fingers and explore; I find that I am very wet. A gooey layer of juice has covered my pussy; I reach down and shove a couple of fingers inside my sticky pussy and wiggle them around; I thrust them in and out over and over again. Oh, it feels so good! I slowly pull them out and lick my fingers clean; I taste wonderful, sweet and tangy. As I fondle myself further, I realize that my clit is engorged and hard and it is very sensitive to my touch, and I feel that I will cum before long. Needing to feel your cock inside my wet pussy hole, I dare myself to straddle your sleeping body and sit upon your rigid member. I wonder how I am going to manage to not wake you while I straddle you and get myself off. 

Still tucked away under the covers nestled next to your sleeping body, I carefully climb on top of you, taking extra caution not to jostle you too much, still not wanting you to wake up. I stealthily lift my body up and reach a leg over one side of you and begin to sit; I quickly slip your erect cock into my wet and waiting hole. It slides in without a problem and I sit determinedly on top of your body, with your cock safely inside of me. I sit up and wrap the sheets around me warding off the chill of the morning air. I shift my hips around trying to get you as deeply inside of me as it will go; hitting all of my spots as I fidget. I clench my muscles around you and relax. Knowing that any movement might jolt you awake, I take great care in using only my inner muscles to wind myself up to climax. I flex my muscle wildly around your cock; I reach down to pet my pussy, unable to resist wrestling with my clit. I lightly rock my hips, powerless against the feel of you locked deeply inside me. The need to explode is at my fingertips, and I take the time to flick and pinch my clit, sending me into an unbelievably strong and wild orgasm. It took ever ounce of strength in me not to yell and scream as I gushed all over you as I came. My muscles spasmed and juices from within me leaked out all over, making a puddle wear I sat. 

I look at the peaceful expression on your face as you continue to doze and I become stricken with guilt that I took advantage of you while you were asleep. In hopes of reconciling what I just did, I scurry to clean up my mess and wake you by pleasuring you orally. I carefully climb off your body cautious not to stumble over your raging hard on that is demanding more attention or slip in the tangy juices that I left drenched on your groin . I uncover my head and scoot up so that my head is now level with yours. I nuzzle into your neck, giving you soft, inviting kisses to your lips, neck and chest. Your eyes flutter open groggily, a smile spreading across your face shining through your eyes as they clear from sleepy dreams. You kiss me back brushing your tongue against my lips and parting them to reach the taste of my mouth. You begin to stretch, arcing your back and stretching your legs and arms as well. A deep yawn engulfs you and you again close your eyes trying to drift off to where you last left your sweet dreams. I continue to nuzzle and kiss you; I trail my kisses along your chest taking my time as I get closer to where I intend to spend my time pleasuring you. 

This time, wanting to wake you, I crawl under the covers once more and pull off your shorts completely. You are still very hard from when I dismounted just moments earlier. Your cock is straining to get attention and I plan on relieving you of every ounce of cum I can suck from you. I take the tip into my mouth, rolling it around with my tongue and nibbling lightly with my teeth; I hear you moan your approval. I plunge your cock deep into my mouth, my lips nestling in the wetness of your groin that I had left (and intended on cleaning up). I licked and lapped at the puddle that was left behind from when I gushed all over you, It tasted tangy and sweet, and my mouth was covered in the sticky goodness of my own cum as I bobbed and sucked to get you off and slurp up your hot and sticky goodness also. I took some time to suck on your balls, while my hand pumped your cock, keeping the stimulation going. I took one ball into my mouth and rolled it around with my tongue, letting it drop before sucking up the other ball to do the same. 

By this time, you are waking up and soon realize that this was no dream at all. You uncover my head to find me pumping your cock and sucking on your balls, you grunt as your body becomes aware of what is happening. You moan and thrust your hips at my face. I take my hand from your cock and place it firmly under your ass so that my fingers can flex and fondle the crack of your ass and my thumb can caress and tease your tight hole. My mouth hovers over your waiting straining cock and your throw your hips up and I swallow your cock deep in my mouth. My thumb is wiggling against your hole with rapidly movements and my mouth is rising and falling along your shaft, my lips tightly wrapped around your cock, securing a solid suction on the entirety of your rock hard cock. You moan and thrust your hips up and down, establishing an unyielding rhythm that will guarantee you to cum at any moment.

I look into your vibrant eyes, which have become ignited with a passionate fire, urging you to cum. I can feel you twitch and throb as you buck and flex your body, moments before an orgasm takes over your body. With out losing rhythm my thumb slips just inside your hole, tantalizing all of those very sensitive nerves. Your body becomes rigid and your breathing becomes labored as you explode hot cum deep in my mouth, drowning me with the delightful taste of your cum. You reach down your hand to tangle your fingers in my hair and force my head to stay on top of your pulsing and ejaculating cock; I swallow all of your cum, moaning with each fresh shot of hot and creamy goodness. As the orgasm subsides, I gently pop my thumb from your ass and continue to clean up the mess that I had created. Again our juices combining created a delightful scent that was not only aromatic but tasty; I did my best to clean up every last drop of cum, yours and mine. When I was finished, I looked up at you and simply said, "Good morning". You replied by sitting up, leaning forward and planting a deep and passionate kiss upon my lips. You laid me down and removed my t-shirt, kissing my nipples as they became erect from your attention. You laid your body between my legs and began to kiss my body all the way down to wear the curly hair begins to grow. You looked up at me and said, "Now, it's my turn to make you cum!" I looked down at you adoringly and innocently while I spread my legs wide for you. Inviting you to make me cum . . . again!!!