 I lay in bed, and look over at the bedside clock and it's almost 5:00AM, we don't have to be up for another hour and a half. I snuggle next to you and try and go back to sleep. I'm restless and I can't sleep. You are laying on your side facing away from me, you turn over on your back, pushing the blankets down to your waist. There is just enough light coming in through the bedroom window I can see you have the beginnings of a hard on. 

Just the sight of your hardening cock makes my panties wet and my pussy ache for you. I want to make love with you but don't want to wake you up, you are sleeping so peacefully. Signing I turn back over and try and go back to sleep. I lay there watching you sleep, wondering what you are dreaming about.

I try and sleep but know after five long minutes sleep is out of the question. 

I move down on the bed gently, so I don't wake you up. A few little licks of your hard cock won't hurt anything and then maybe I can go back to sleep I reason to myself. I am laying next to your crotch and I gently pull the blankets off of you, your naked. You don't usually sleep naked but it was just so hot when we went to bed last night you decided to sleep nude. You move around a bit I'm afraid I've woken you, I lay still for a few seconds making sure you're still asleep. I'm next to your crotch, on my knees I bend down and reach in and take your hardening cock in my hand.

"Just a little taste..." I think to myself as I flick my tongue across your balls, barely touching them.

"Hmmm..." I say tasting them, I love sucking you, taking one into my mouth. I reach up and stroke your cock. I glance up making sure you're still asleep, you are. You haven't moved at all, just a few minutes and I can go back to sleep I tell myself.

I can't help myself I have to have you, right now. I am getting so horny, you tease me all of the time because I seem to be horny 24/7. I start from the base of your hard cock, and I slowly lick my way to the tip, barely touching you. I love taking your cock in my mouth and making you feel good. I swirl my tongue around the head of your cock. You feel so good in my mouth, I gently stroke your balls as I continue to lick your cock. Taking you a bit deeper in my mouth, I can't help myself.

"Suck it..." I hear you say as you reach over and gently rub my back. It feels so good when you do that.

I look up and you are watching me. Your cock slips out of my mouth, I hope your not upset with me waking you.

"How long have you been awake?" I ask worried that you would be upset for me waking you.

"Not long...don't stop..." you say "Let's take this off..." you tell me reaching for the hem of my short nighty. I stop long enough to pull the silk nighty off and toss it to the foot of the bed, all I have on now is a pair of matching panties. "Don't let my hard on go to waste baby..." you say..."Finish what you started."

I take your cock back into my mouth, sucking and flicking my tongue across the head of your cock.

I suck your cock a bit deeper as I stroke your balls at the same time. "Yeah...just like that..." you say as you reach for my tits. We have the ceiling fan on and the cool air has made my nipples nice and hard.

We continue like this for awhile, I'm bobbing my head on your cock, taking you a bit deeper each time in and out swirling my tongue across the head of your cock.

"Turn around...I want to play with your pussy baby..."

I turn around with my feet at the headboard of the bed, just the right position for you to play with my pussy. "Let's get rid of these..." you say as you get my panties off of me. You don't really like for me to wear panties you say they get in the way. I lick my way down to your balls and take them into my mouth one at a time, being very gentle I know how sensitive they are. "Some little girl's pussy is wet..." 

you say as you lightly touch me, teasing me. I moan as you part my pussy lips and rub the inside of my wet slit.

"Don't stop..." you tell me, I continue to lick your balls,teasing you. "Feels good baby..." I love making you feel good, satisfying you. You're barely touching me, making me so wet and hot. You slip a finger inside of me, not deep slowly in and out. 

That feels so good when you do that, I lick my way back to the head of your cock, where I find you leaking some nice pre-cum. I slowly lick it all,swallowing it, taste so good. You pull my pussy towards you and you lick my pussy lips, flicking your tongue across them. You slip one then two fingers back inside of me, in and out, fucking my pussy. You're licking and fingering me at the same time, makes me so hot baby.

You're teasing me making me wait, I want your cock inside of me so bad right now.

We're both sucking and licking each other, I love making love with you. 

I come up for some air and I'm still licking your cock. "I've got to have you right now..." You say as you move away from me, you reach for me and pull me up to you. You kiss me passionately, laying me back on the bed. You bend down and lick and suck my nipples, biting a bit. I like a little pain once in awhile. "Spread your legs..." you tell me as you get between my legs. I spread my legs and you stroke your cock, rubbing the head of your cock across my wet pussy. 

"Please baby...give it to me???" I ask watching every move you make.

"Oh I will when I'm ready..." 

I gasp as you suddenly ram your cock all the way inside of me. I reach up and grab your arms as you fuck me ramming in and out, you reach for my tits and squeeze them a bit rough. "You were a naughty girl...waking me up like that..." you say as you slow down a bit.

All I can do is moan, it feels so good with your cock inside of me. I start to move with you, wanting to take all of your cock inside of me. "Say it...say you were a naughty girl..."

"I was a naughty girl..." I gasp as you hold your cock deep inside of me not moving.

"And I won't do it again...say it..." you tell me looking at me.

"And...and I won't do it again...I promise..." I say as you bend down and kiss me again.

"But you still have to be punished for being bad..." You pull away from me, I hate when you take your cock away from me.

"Close your eyes..." I do as I am told, closing my eyes, I wonder what you are going to do next. I feel you lean over to the bedside table, you open the drawer. I hear you rummaging in the drawer,you finally find what you're looking for. I start to open my eyes, "No peeking..." you say as you take my left hand and tie my wrist to the brass headboard, not tight but enough to hold me still, you do the same with my right hand. "Now for your ankles..." you say getting off of the bed and tying my ankles to the foot board. I'm helpless and can't move, I wonder what you're going to do, knowing you'd never hurt me. "Are you ready????" you ask getting back up next to me on the bed.

"Yes..." I say watching you, you're kneeling next to my head.

You hold my head up and bring your cock back to my mouth, "Take it..." you say pushing your cock into my mouth. I take your cock as deep as I can, sucking it as you push it in and out of my mouth faster. "Suck it...yeah...suck that cock..." you tell me fucking my mouth.

For some reason not being able to move is turning me on very much, I like the feeling of being helpless. The not knowing what you are going to do next is getting me so excited.

My wet pussy is throbbing, I wish I could touch myself, anything to give me release I am so fucking horny. We continue like this for a few minutes, you reach down with one hand and slip a finger deep in my slit, fucking me. Makes me so hot when you do that, I want to make you cum, take your cum in my mouth.

"Do you want some more cock baby???" you ask me as you fuck my pussy and rub your thumb across my clit. I can't answer all I can do it nod. You take your hand away and pull away from my mouth.

I take in some much needed air, you reach back over to the bedside table and take out one of our favorite toys a 7inch realistic cock. You love to watch me play and fuck myself with it. 

"You want this cock baby????" you ask teasing my pussy with it, pushing it in and taking it out.

"Yes...please baby...I need to cum..."

"You'll cum when I let you and not before..." you say reaching up and untying my hands. You hand me the toy and kneel next to me on the bed. "Fuck yourself...I want to watch..."

I rub the head of the cock over my wet pussy, slipping a bit of the head in, taking my time. You stroke your cock, rubbing the pre-cum across the head of your cock. "Do it..." I slide the cock all the way inside of me and slowly start to fuck myself, it feels good. I'd rather you were inside of me, turns me on knowing your watching. I love to be playing when you come home from work and you walk in on me.

"Suck me...make me cum..." you order me,as you fill my mouth with your hard cock. I take your cock as deep as I can while I fuck myself faster and harder. The more I fuck myself the faster and deeper I suck your cock. You're holding my head as I suck you, as I take both hands and fuck myself with our toy. "That's it baby...yeah...fuck yourself..." you say giving me all of your cock in my mouth.

I'm trying not to gag, but it's not easy. You pull away from me, I can finally breathe a bit.

"Make yourself cum for me baby...I love to watch you get the pleasure you desire..." I am getting so close to cumming, ramming the toy inside me me makes me so wet and hot. I like our toys but I would so much rather have you making love to me baby. I watch you stroke your cock faster and faster, still wanting to take your cum in my mouth.

"Yes...fuck...I'm so close baby..." I say feeling my climax,getting so close. I'm pounding my pussy with that cock, all I can hear is the wet sounds my pussy is making as I ram it inside of me, in and out faster and as deep as I can take it. "Yes...yes...yes...I'm gonna cum baby...oh fuck!! Yessss!!" I say loudly as I start to climax and I pull the toy out of my pussy and squirt all over the bed, I rub my clit as I cum getting the bed soaked. 

"Damn baby...you really did cum didn't you?" You ask me bending down and kissing me.

I'm trying to catch my breathe, "Oh yes I did honey..."

I reach over and take your cock back into my mouth, sucking you deeply as I stroke your balls at the same time. "Yes...oh yeah don't stop...suck me until I cum baby..." you hold my head and fuck my mouth with your cock, in and out faster and deeper. "Ahhh...yeah...feels good baby..." you say pounding my mouth with your cock. I can feel you getting harder, I bend down and take your balls back into my mouth as I stroke your cock. "Getting close baby girl...suck me take my cum.."

I move back to your cock and fuck your cock with my mouth in and out faster and faster.

You are holding my head so tight, giving me your cock, I want to taste your cum.

"Yeah...here it cums baby...take it..." You hold me all the way down on your cock as you fill my mouth with your sweet cum. I swallow as much as I can, not wanting to waste a drop. "Damn that was so good baby girl..." you say finally pulling away from me. I lick my lips, love the way your cum taste baby.

You're breathing heavy and you get up and untie my ankles, then crawl back into bed with me and pull the blankets over us. "I didn't hurt you when I tied you up did I?" you ask.

"No, it was kinda of exciting...not knowing what you were going to do..." I admit snuggling down under the blankets next to you. You look over and glance at the clock. "It's almost time to get up honey..." I say looking at you.

"Yep it is...but what a way to start the day..." you say kissing me on the top of my head as you hug me tightly.