 I don't really know what happened, to be honest with you. I was a perfectly normal thirty-year-old woman who had been married for eight years. No children, but that could happen someday. I had a career as a paralegal in a good sized law firm in a good sized Midwestern city. I was considering going back to school for my law degree. Life was good.

Well, actually, that's a lie. If life had been so good, it wouldn't have happened. Looking back now it's obvious something was missing. You can call it 'excitement' if you want, but something was missing from my life that I unconsciously longed for. I also think the fact I was getting older and realized my opportunities to have 'fun' were numbered played into it.

Add to that the fact that Tom was such a fantastic co-worker and I guess I was bound to fall into the trap. No, I'm not blaming him. God knows it was my fault. It was just the perfect storm of my wants and needs, his appeal, and an opportunity. I have no regrets. I absolutely loved everything we did and I'd do it all over again...and again...and again.

Tom was a forty-year-old lawyer at the firm. He was smart, funny, playful and not at all bad looking. He had a great body for his age, at least what I could see of it in his work clothes. We interacted quite a bit because of our jobs. As a paralegal, I did a lot of the legal research necessary for his cases. I also kept spreadsheets and miscellaneous documents he needed.

For more than a year we saw each other every day in one capacity or another. Once or twice a month he would invite me to lunch and I gladly went along. He was fun and easy to be with.

I never once got the impression he was hitting on me, which occurred more often than I would like to admit in the five years I worked there. I look younger than I am. I've been carded at the casino recently, which I love. I have big dark eyes and straight brown hair that I spend a lot of time and money on to make it look just right. I'm kind of petite with average breasts and a decent ass. People call me 'cute.' I can live with that.

The whole thing started, primarily, because Tom and I both get to work early. I'm there by seven o'clock in the morning. He arrives before eight. Rarely is there anybody else in the office when I walk in. By the time Tom gets in there may be one or two others roaming around. Little did I know what 'trouble' that would cause.

I like to relax with my Starbucks and check my favorite websites before starting in on my billable hours of work in the morning. My office door is always open. Sometimes I turn the lights on that light up the entire floor of our building and sometimes I don't. On this particular day I had not.

Tom stuck his head into my office and said, "Working in the dark again, I see."

"I do my best work in the dark," I replied bluntly.

His eyes opened wide and he said, "I bet you do. I would like to see that."

"In your dreams," I answered, assuming correctly what he was thinking.

Tom walked away and the lights flashed on a few seconds later. I appreciated the fact he did not force the conversation to enter the gutter. But now he had me thinking of sex and, as a lover of good sex, I find it difficult to get it off my mind once it's there. I thought about ways of showing him I was right and it certainly wasn't going to involve my husband. I settled upon the idea of a discreet, yet safe for work, selfie.

That evening, after dark, I managed to separate myself from my TV-watching husband long enough to head upstairs to an extra bedroom and close myself into the dark room. There was just enough light coming in from the street lights outside to get a picture that would show my profile, but not any details.

I slipped off my t-shirt and shorts, leaving me in just a bra and panties, which would not show up if I did this right. On the third attempt, I had the perfect shot of me, gentle curves and all, without being able to distinguish a single feature.

I e-mailed it to Tom's work address with the subject line: 'Working hard.'

Mid-morning of the next day, not having talked to Tom at all yet, I received a reply to the e-mail that simply said: 'Hard at work.'

The game was on from that point forward. No one enjoys a good tease as much as me, but apparently Tom was a close second. I was sure my picture did not make him hard and I wasn't going to stop until I succeeded.

It worked out perfectly that I had the house all to myself for a couple hours after work. I changed out of my work clothes and put on the sexiest bra and panties I owned; a matching pair of thin, silky things that left little to the imagination. I dimmed the light in the room so that he could see what I had on, but not the intimate details, such as my nipples or pussy.

This one took two attempts to get it right. I thought I looked damned sexy, to be honest. I sent it to Tom; subject line: 'New work outfit.'

The next day he walked into my office around seven thirty. I was prepared to be properly reprimanded if that was what he chose to do. The look on his face didn't give away his mood, but his words did.

"Very nice picture, Traci," he said, sitting in a chair opposite my desk.

"I'm glad you liked it," I said with relief and a grin. "I'm not a very good model."

"Oh, you don't give yourself enough credit. I liked it a lot."

"How much?" I asked with a very quick glance at his crotch.

He smiled and said, "Trust me."

"No, show me. It's your turn. Send me a picture tonight."

I think he was honestly surprised at my request, or demand. It looked like he was going to say something right away, but then hesitated before finally answering, "OK. I will."

"Use my cellphone number. It's safe," I told him.

We had previously exchanged cell numbers because there were times we needed to text each other during the day if he was away from the office and needed something quickly. He agreed and left my office looking a little nervous. But I knew he would do it.

I tried to envision in my mind just how far this would go. I expected to get a mildly suggestive photo from him showing not nearly as much as I had. That would be my signal that enough was enough. That would be disappointing, but at least we had fun with it for a few days. Maybe it would lead to something else later.

I realized at that point that I actually got aroused posing for him and that it would be a whole lot of fun to show even more than I had. In fact, I WANTED to. I wanted a man to be stimulated looking at me and thinking about me with little or nothing on. I wanted a man I'd never been with sexually to think of me in those terms. I wanted to be lusted after.

These were somewhat scary beliefs for me. I didn't hate my husband. I didn't want a divorce. But I wanted a man I worked with to get hard looking at a picture of me and, possibly, fuck me if he had the chance. What was wrong with me?

So I was pretty much a zombie after work, holding my phone, staring at it like that would speed up the arrival of Tom's picture. I didn't even know if he would do it that night, but I was unable to function in anticipation of it.

Then the familiar ring of an incoming text message literally made me jump from strained nerves. I opened the message and saw the image appear. I tapped on it.

I saw the torso of a man from the middle of his chest to just above his knees. It did look like the right shape to be Tom. He wore Speedo style briefs. Clearly visible underneath the tight fabric was the outline of the biggest, hardest cock I had ever seen.

OK, I can count on one hand...not even using all the fingers...all the erections I've ever seen in person. But I do go to porn sites. Don't judge me, please. Anyway, this cock was HUGE.

I stared at it forever, imagining my hands and my lips around it, licking it until...

My husband came in and I quickly shut down the phone.

I'm not sure what made me want to wear a little, sexy dress to work the next day...without a bra. It was Friday and generally we dress more casually. I went the other way. It's a summery dress with straps over the shoulders and a loosely flowing hem that stops half way down my thighs. Needless to say, I had Tom on my mind all morning.

He finally came in and sat down just before nine o'clock.

With a grin, he said, "Well?"

"Well what?"

"Did you get the picture?"

"I did," I said without a hint of emotion, even continuing to work on a document to show my apparent apathy.

"Did you like it?"

I waited as long as I could before standing up, walking over to the door, and closing it. I turned the lock, just in case.

"Stand up," I told him.

Tom rose and I moved him to the side a couple feet so his back was facing the wall. I pressed against him and forced him back against it. I kissed him, forcing my tongue into his mouth almost instantly. He immediately did the same to me. So much desire was let loose at that instant, on both of our parts, that you could practically feel it. I ground my hips into his and felt my tits being smashed against his chest. His hand moved to the back of my head and he played with my hair while, at the same time, pulling my face closer to his. The kiss went on forever.

"I loved it," I finally said, pulling my mouth free from his but leaving our bodies touching. "It made me SO horny, Tom. The more I looked at it the more I thought about all the things I could do to it."

"Like...?" he asked.

I kissed him lightly and said, "Like put my hand on it to feel how hard it is."

I put my hand on his crotch and did, indeed, feel how hard it was.

I continued: "I thought about holding it and squeezing it, feeling how warm and hard it was."

I rubbed him a little harder.

"Then I thought about kneeling down and kissing it with my lips," I said. "I imagined the head being so big. I would lick the bottom of it and then slide my tongue all the way down, bringing it back up again very slowly."

He was so hard I could hold him now through the material of his pants. I stroked him as much as I could. That's when I felt his hand behind me, on my ass.

I said very quietly, "I thought about opening my mouth and putting your cock inside, tightening my lips around it and letting my tongue slide all over it."

Tom's hand found the bottom of my hem and slid up the back of my thigh. It only stopped when feeling the beginning of my ass. It inched up farther until reaching the edge of my little panties. He squeezed my flesh gently.

"I wanted to suck on your cock, Tom. I wanted to hear you beg me to keep going. I wanted to hear you groan right before cum poured out of it and down my throat."

I felt his heart pounding and his lungs working hard. His hand was clutching at my cheek. His cock felt like a rock.

He gently pushed me back and said, "We have to stop, Traci. Not here. Not now."

"Can I send you another picture?" I asked in my best teenage girl whiny voice. "It's my turn."

"I would like that," Tom said as he unlocked the door. He adjusted his cock the best he could to hide the erection and walked out.

'That went fairly well,' I thought to myself.

I got the good camera out that night. The one with the self-timer and good flash. I beat my husband home so I wasted no time in finding the best spot to pose while still in my dress. I set up the camera and got the focus right. I'm good with Photoshop so I knew I could crop and edit later if I had to. I took a minute or two thinking about how I wanted to pose on the couch I would be on. Once I had that figured out I went back to the tripod, set a ten second timer, and ran to the couch. I reclined without totally lying down. I pulled the hem of the dress up so that it only barely covered my pussy. I slipped one strap down my arm and exposed a tit.

The flash went off.

I quickly went back to the camera and brought up the preview. Perfect. I took one more just to be sure, but the first one was just fine. I took the camera to my laptop and spent two minutes cropping it and adjusting the light. I looked good enough to fuck, if I do say so myself.

I sent the pic to Tom.

Much later that night—in fact, I was in bed while my husband watched TV—I checked my phone and saw the message from Tom. There was a picture. I opened it and felt my heart begin to race. It was almost the same picture as he sent before, except without the Speedo briefs. The cock that I had told him I was imagining was even bigger and better than I dreamed of. It stood like a pole with veins seemingly ready to burst open. The head was pink and swollen.

My free hand moved down to my pussy. I rubbed myself through my panties. Seconds later, the hand was inside the panties and I was pulling juices up from my pussy onto my clit. I stared at the picture. I rubbed harder. Faster. I thought about the cock in my mouth. In my pussy. Cum getting ready to explode out the top. It was the fastest orgasm I ever had. And maybe the best. I stifled my moans the best I could while my body quivered under the covers. I came over and over again. Oh my God, I lost track of how many times I came looking at that incredible cock.

I thought the weekend would never end. My husband benefited somewhat from the number of times I gawked at Tom's photo. At least, he benefited when I wasn't making myself cum. Consider it practice for what I wanted to do to Tom.

At some point the thought struck me that it would be my turn if Tom and I were to continue with the exchange of photos. There was really only about one option left. He had sent me a nude photo, for all intents and purposes. I would likely have to match that. As I mentioned before, that excited me in certain ways. But it also frightened me a little because what if Tom didn't find me attractive with nothing on? Every little imperfection about my body that I could think of became major flaws in my mind. I envisioned him never talking to me again after THAT picture arrived.

I was a nervous wreck on Monday morning, but didn't have to wait long. Tom was there right after me. He came into my office and closed the door. I didn't play around this time. I met him quickly and we began to kiss. I had on a blouse and one of his hands went straight to the tit I had revealed in my photo. He squeezed the blouse, my bra, and my tit as one. Soon, his other hand was on the other tit and I was seeking out his cock.

"Thank you for the nice surprise," I told him when we stopped to breathe.

He held me close, but quit groping for a moment.

"My pleasure. It didn't disgust you?"

"I'll have to tell you someday what I did the first time I saw it," I said with a grin.

"I'd love to hear," he said. "It likely goes something like what I did after getting your picture. You looked very...relaxed."

"I didn't want to embarrass you, Tom. If you don't want me to send..."

"I want you to send me a picture of you nude," he interrupted.

I knew it. I just knew it. I was going to have to do it after all. Well, there was always Photoshop. But every editing software had its limits and I would be stretching this one to the very edge.

"You may be sorry," I told him between kisses.

"I doubt it. Will you do it, Traci?"

I nodded and ran my palm over his sizeable cock.

Damn right, I would do it. And do it right. Except...it wouldn't be that night because I was never alone and this one was going to take some set-up time and probably multiple takes to get the one I wanted. I apologized to Tom the next day but told him I would be alone that evening. I was, and the preparations began.

I had two hours to work with. I stripped down to just a t-shirt and set up the tripod and camera in the bedroom. I planned on using other settings, as well, but began there. I have a full-length mirror that stands on the floor; the old-fashioned kind your grandmother had. It would allow for a frontal shot with my ass showing in the mirror behind me. It took three test shots to get the angle just right. Then I pulled off the t-shirt, set the timer, and got in place. Good enough.

I moved the tripod to the family room and took one with me by the big window looking out over the back. I took one with me lying on the couch. I went into the kitchen and sat on the counter. I took one from the rear, leaning on the counter with my legs spread and looking back over my shoulder. I wouldn't use that one. Too blatantly erotic, I thought.

Anyway, when I finally got to look at them all on the laptop, I chose the one with the bedroom mirror. I knew I would after posing for it. My nipples were nice and hard. My ass didn't look massive. The light on my hips and pussy was perfect.

I sent it to Tom.

It was around noon the next day before I saw him. I was standing in my office looking for something in the bookcase when he walked in and closed the door. He locked it; always a good sign.

I smiled and said 'Hi.' He turned me towards him and kissed me passionately. I assumed he liked the picture, but asked him anyway.

"Well?"

"I've never been so hard," he replied.

"How hard?" I asked, pressing my body against his.

"The picture I sent you last week wouldn't have done it justice."

I was already rubbing his crotch and the effect was obvious.

"Show me," I told him.

I didn't know if he would, but it was worth a shot. He seemed to think it over for only a second. Then he pulled down his zipper. I quickly put my hand there and reached inside. Luckily he wore boxers and the opening was easily accessible. I pulled out his cock.

I held it in my hand and moved my face closer to his.

"I'm going to suck you off, Tom. I want you to cum in my mouth. You aren't leaving until you've cum," I said.

He didn't say a word. I kneeled down and continued to stroke him.

"Open your blouse," he told me.

I hastily unbuttoned it and let it lay open for him to see my tits. Even with a bra on he saw just about everything except the nipples. Then I leaned forward and kissed the head of his cock. I ran my tongue over it. I licked the underside and felt the cock twitch in my hand. I moved down to the very base of the cock and ran my tongue all the way up to the tip, just like I had promised before. He was fully erect now and even having seen his picture I was in awe of the size.

I licked him one more time before finally putting it in my mouth. I couldn't get nearly all of it in, so I used my hand near the base and my mouth on the rest. He didn't complain. My head bobbed up and down as fast as I could go, slowly every now and then to lick him some more and concentrate on the underside of the tip. A couple minutes passed and then I tasted the precum. I wanted him to cum so much.

I removed my hand and focused on giving him the best blowjob ever. He put his hand on my hair and I heard the first of his moans. I held him by the ass and pulled him closer. He began to fuck my face.

Out of nowhere, I heard the guttural sounds that preceded his climax. Tom held my head in place and a spurt of cum hit the back of my throat. I tried to swallow. Another blast came out and then another. Each thrust of his cock now deposited more cum and what I couldn't swallow dripped down my chin. A half dozen times he came into my mouth.

I licked him just before he pulled out to stuff the cock back into his pants. He helped me up and then leaned toward me, pulled my blouse open, pulled the bra off my tit, and sucked on it until I moaned with delight. He bit the nipple and I felt my pussy tingle.

"That was great," he said. "I owe you one."

I could have been offended, but I wasn't. I knew he would repay me and God knows I wanted him to. I even knew how. I wanted him to fuck me with that thick cock and make me cum until I begged him to stop. The sooner the better.

There would be no more pictures. We had seen everything there was to see. All that was left was the actual act. I was pretty sure it would happen in the office and that added to the thrill. Anybody can get a hotel room. I loved the spontaneity of what we just did, knowing somebody could knock on the door at any time. I tried to imagine his cock slamming into me with the rest of the firm just the thickness of one wooden door away. Yes, I was going to fuck Tom.
