 I feel your body shift next to mine in the double bed as you dream, every now and again letting slip a little moan from your lips. I smirk in the darkness and run my hand over your breast down past your belly between your legs. Your mild movements start to change as my fingers gently stroke you and I know that you're still just asleep incorporating my movements into your fantasy. You groan out load and buck quickly as I find your clit with my fingertips and knowing that I rub them a little harder and faster. I enjoy the sound of your long moan of pleasure as I run my tongue all the way up your back sweeping it back and forth as I reach your neck. You let out a gasp still only half taking in that this is actually happening. My tongue relentlessly runs up and down your neck and I feel your body trembling as your breath starts to come out in quick fast pants and gasps. "MMmmm!" the sound of pleasure sets me off and now I know I need to be inside you quickly my cock actually pressing against your buttock and lower back. 

Reaching up with my free hand I grab a handful of your hear pulling you head back quickly making you yelp out in surprise and delight as I bite and nibble at your neck. Not giving you time to recover from your awakening I roll you onto your front pinning your head against the pillows with my handful of your hair controlling your every movement. 

For a moment you writhe underneath me your hands sliding behind you to feel my body and touch my hand as it toys with your pussy and I let my hand slide further down until my fingers slip deep into you. A muffled groan of pleasure escapes from you and you scrabble at my arms urging me to go faster. At first I tease letting my fingers slip in just a little then taking them out to press hard and rub your clit your body shakes with a small orgasm but I know you want more so I relent taking my hand away I slide it round you and push my fingers into you from behind sliding them as deep as they can go. You push your hips back into my fingers getting them deeper and deeper inside you. Then I start to pump them up and down you shriek out your arms splayed over the bed gripping at the covers squirming as waves of pleasure sweep your body. 

Smiling I pull back your head and kiss you roughly and your respond eagerly your soft lips rubbing across mine you tongue flashing out making my whole body tingle. You pull back from me despite my grip on your hair and look me in the eye "Fuck me.." You gasp out "Now I want you Now.." and the words set my whole body on fire pulling myself back down your body I push a third finger into you and begin to ram them back and forth as fast as I can. You push your self onto your hands and knees ramming your hips back trying to take my whole hand into your pussy. 

"Oh Fuck yeah YES!!" You shout at me as my fingers push around inside you. I let my other hand reach up and rub your clit fast and in time with my thrusts relishing the feeling of your muscles squeezing and sucking me into you. You start to yell out as both my hands go to work "Oh Please don't stop James Never stop, you just keep fucking me right there" you pant out between gasps and yelps of pleasure and you look back over your shoulder at me sucking your index finger deep into your mouth with your eyes glazed over with lust. 

Unable to keep this foreplay going any longer I pull my fingers from your now drenched pussy and press my cock against it rubbing it back and forth against you making it wet with your juices. You lower your head a long low moan sighing from your lips. You push your hips back inviting me in and I slowly guide myself into your pussy. I let myself inch by teasing inch my hands clutching your hips not letting you rush me. "Ooooohh get it inside me!" you whimper as I slowly let your pussy suck all of me in until my balls are grinding against your buttocks. I wait until I feel myself touch the very back of you with the tip of my cock before I give you what you want. Then I begin to trash my hips back and forth slamming into you with all the strength of my legs grunting with the effort of each blow driving my cock like a hammer deep as I can inside you. 

"OH FUCK" You shriek as I explode into action your body convulsing in time to my frantic beats, I grip your hips with a vice like grip and pull back hard as I can while I thrust feeling my cock rub against the wall of your pussy. "Oh god. Oh GOD, OH GOD!!!" you begin to nearly chant out as I feel you losing control of your body I slide my hands up and begin to play with your nipples twisting and pinching them between my fingers. Just as you begin to really convulse I lie over you using my weight to push you down against the bed my dick going even deeper inside as you bury yourself into the mattress. Grab your hair with one hand letting you suckle on my free fingers as I begin to pick up the pace again, Your moans are stifled on my finger as I feel your tongue lap and suckle at me. Your pussy soaked with your juices now offering no resistance begins to feel like another mouth your muscles squeezing me on all sides milking and sucking me into you as I keep slamming myself against your body. 

Then I feel the telltale tightening in my balls and start to breathe hard trying to contain myself for a few moments longer. "Do me, Cum James do it oh fuck me hard" you begin to rasp out amongst your groans. "I'm going to cum!" I groan in ecstasy and then take one last breath before reaching under and around you to grip your shoulders then throw everything I have into a frantic thrashing of speed my cock going in and out so fast it sends me groaning closer and closer to the edge. All I can hear is the sound of your groans, my balls slapping against you as I plough into you again and again and then just as I reach my peak you scream out "Ohhhhhh FUCK YEAH IM CUMMING!!! OH FUCK ME YES, YES!" and I lose all control of my body arching my head back, I scream out your name as my balls slap harder into you. Faster I slam my cock in, Oh God how I want to ... have to, cum deep inside you. As your pussy tightens around my fast moving piston, I hear you scream out in one piercing yell of pleas.

"Oh Jesus! Yes. I'm gonna cum!" I cry. With one final thrust, I howl as I explode emptying myself with jet after, jet of cum. "Oh God," I groan as finally we grind down to a stop and I slide myself gingerly out of you making you shudder as my cockhead leaves your body and I lie next to you my hand slipping off the sweat between us. Then I hold you till the shuddering stops rocking your body and we drift off entwined.