 I woke up in bed and gradually came round as the sun filtered through the blinds. I was curled up in the arms of my boyfriend, Will, whose head was nestled on my shoulder as he spooned me. From the sound of his breathing Will was still asleep but I couldn't get comfortable again without disturbing him. Since we had been sharing a single bed all night in Will's university accommodation, it had been pretty cramped and my back was slightly slick with sweat as it pressed against Will's muscular chest. 

I'm slim and small-framed with pert little tits but I'm quite tall and I love how Will's big strong arms and broad chest make me feel so feminine and safe. As I snuggled down again against Will I remembered how before we fell asleep, he had tenderly licked and nibbled at my clitoris and kissed me softly while he entered me powerfully from above. These memories woke me up properly and I instinctively wiggled my bum a little to feel for his cock. 

At first it felt soft and flaccid as it rubbed against my smooth, fleshy bum cheeks but I continued to writhe gently up and down, trying to stimulate Will's cock without actually waking him up. After only a few moments a strong hand squeezed my tit hard and Will growled quietly in my ear. I giggled and tried to turn round and kiss his face but he held me so tight I couldn't move. 

The hand that wasn't massaging my chest found my soft brown hair and pulled it back towards him so that my tits were thrust forward and my back was arched, pressing my arse closer into his groin. Will's cock was already completely erect and as he continued to maul my little teenage tits he pressed his throbbing shaft hard against my arse and thrust it slowly up and down between my firm bum cheeks. The friction between his cock and my bum pulled his foreskin down with each upward stroke, and I thought I could feel strands of sticky pre-cum sticking to my lower back. 

Will was usually so gentle and careful with me, and for some reason being held in place at his mercy, without being able to see his face and gauge his emotions, started to make me really wet. We were still both under the duvet and every movement was slightly lubricated by the sheen of perspiration that covered our bodies as we continued to writhe against each other. 

Will's hand tweaked and teased my hard nipples before moving down and carefully prising apart my smoothly waxed folds. One finger rested on my hard clit without moving, but Will pulled it away after feeling how my pussy was dripping with wanton lust for him. He still hadn't said anything, but suddenly bent his knees upward and between mine, spreading my legs wide open around him. My breath caught in my chest as he slowly but surely edged forward until the large shiny head of his cock was pressed between my puffy pussy lips. Tiny movements rubbed the tip of his shaft against my clit and I moaned with frustration and desperate desire for my big strong boyfriend. When I made the sound Will's hand quickly covered my mouth and he stuffed three fingers in, pulling my jaw downward and making me pant as he realigned his hot thick cock with my vagina and slid forward to penetrate his gasping girlfriend deeply. 

Slowly but without pausing he pushed forward until the whole length of his organ was buried in my hot pussy, with my pink and swollen outer lips forced wide open and my tight little hole stretched obscenely around the base of his veiny shaft. I knew as he sank into me that Will was forcing his penis up through the remnants of the thick cum he had deposited in me the night before. Will paused there, enjoying the erotic view and the physical sensations of his teenage girlfriend splayed open and stuffed full in front of him, his cock in her pussy and fingers in her mouth, as she groaned with pleasure at being taken like this.

After a delicious pause, I felt Will slowly withdraw his cock from my pussy and the veins and ridges of his shaft massaged my inner walls. Just as I was about to whimper at the sudden empty feeling, he reversed the motion and sank back into my vaginal canal, which rippled around his shaft. He nuzzled his face in the back of my neck and kissed my back tenderly, but there was no let-up in his accelerating acquisition of my tight young pussy. My boyfriend held me tightly as he continued to enter me and then withdraw again, over and over, our sweaty skin making quiet noises as we rubbed together. 

At its deepest point of penetration, Will's penis completely filled and stretched my young vagina and nudged against my cervix at the end. I had had boyfriends before Will but, as his large testicles pressed rhythmically against my most intimate skin, I counted myself very lucky to have found a boyfriend with such a large and satisfying member. 

With one hand I reached back to stroke Will's face and feel his soft curly hair as he continued to make me his own in the most natural and primal way. His movements were getting much faster and there was a growing urge deep in my belly as Will's veiny organ rubbed against the moist walls of my pussy. It felt so right to be cradled in Will's arms as he took possession of my body, and my arousal was dribbling down from our intertwined genitalia to moisten Will's testicles and my squeezable little arse cheeks. 

Will reached round and found my hard clitoris with two fingers, rolling it between them as he thrust his swollen organ into me and kissed my neck. I knew this was a sign he was reaching his climax and he wanted me to come before him. I pushed his hand away and arched my back as much as I could, which changed the angle of my pussy and allowed Will more room to penetrate me with increasing speed and force. He grunted softly with each insertion and I mimicked his movements with my own arse in order to maximise the depth and force of his cock's invasion. 

I squealed with overwhelming pleasure and shut my eyes as my vaginal canal clenched and squeezed around my boyfriend's thick penis and an orgasm spread from my genitals throughout my tingling body. The pleasure inundated my whole body and I wriggled and shivered in Will's arms as he brought me to climax and held me tight in his arms the whole time. 

After a few more thrusts, I sensed Will was on the brink of orgasm and I grasped his hand tightly against my soft flesh, lifting my leg into the air to allow the deepest penetration of my pussy so far. After two more movements of his hips, Will grabbed my thighs near the groin and pressed me down onto his throbbing organ as he began to ejaculate powerfully into the depths of my vaginal canal. 

He moaned in relief as his semen spurted into my pussy, streaming into my deepest parts and filling me up, marking me as his willing and grateful partner. Will's member kept on pulsing out thick creamy cum and his hands made marks in the soft skin of my thighs as he continued to press me down onto him so that every drop of semen was propelled into my eager young pussy. Will ejaculated such a volume of semen that it completely flooded my vagina and started to leak out around the root of his thick cock, mixing with the sweat and my own sexual fluids on my smooth bald pussy lips. I sighed in ecstasy as my pussy brimmed with the frothy ejaculate of my muscular boyfriend and I relaxed against his chest. 

Will slumped backwards, still pressing me down to the very root of his cock, seemingly satisfied with the generous load he had pumped into my tight young vagina. Being taken sexually without words or eye contact by my powerful mate had made me unbelievably sexually aroused and even more completely in love with him. I could not wait to explore this new dominant side of my boyfriend's personality and hoped he would exercise his physical superiority over me again and again.