 The next meeting for Joe and Sandi began with Joe receiving a text from Keith. Keith texted Joe's wife Janice often, and he now knew she was out of town. So he had offered to "babysit" Joe for the night, most likely meaning very little dinner and lots of drinks. Joe had been doing well in politely avoiding him, but Keith manipulated Janice into getting Joe to commit. 

They met again at the bar for drinks and bullshit. It was a warm evening with a clear sky so Joe had worn shorts and an oversize Hawaiian style shirt. When he strolled in Keith and a couple of mutual friends were, as usual, standing around the bar. They exchanged greetings and Keith ordered up a round. Joe scanned the bar and stopped when he got to the corner seat. There sat Sandi. Her eyes met his at the same time and Joe simply nodded her way. He immediately looked back at this drink. No way could he look at those big browns and not attack her. 

After a moment he let his eyes wander down past her neatly styled auburn hair to her clothes. Tonight she had on a sleeveless top and shorts. The blouse she wore was thin with one button open at the top, allowing almost no view of her cleavage. Miss Proper was in the house. Joe surveyed the beige bra straps, which hung tight on her shoulders. He started to think about the wonderful milky jugs with perfect nipples that they restrained below. 

Joe then turned away from her for a moment to break his mindset. He thought for sure he would be busted for staring. Anyone looking at him could see he was obviously transfixed by this woman, and looking at her way too long. He pounded his drink and ordered another, moving his focus to the meaningless game on the television above the bar. After all that had happened between him and Sandi, this was a time he would have to be on his best behavior. Her husband was standing right next to him. 

As he talked with Keith and the others he found himself glancing past them to check out Sandi some more. His view went down to her white shorts with a corresponding thick belt and buckle. She was showing lots of leg tonight, the shorts didn't even reach mid-thigh. He followed her tan legs down to her sandals and back up. As one of her tiny manicured feet rested on the brass foot rail it flexed her calf muscle just perfectly, and as they say the rest was history. 

Joe's cock began fighting for position, demanding room to grow. In response he excused himself and sauntered over to her. As he did so he put a hand in his pocket as if checking for keys, adjusting his firming member as he walked. 

"Sandi, hi. Back again?" 

"Hey Joe." Her high-pitched voice made him involuntarily grow another half inch. 

He thought to himself, "Now I know how Pinocchio feels." 

"Yeah, I kind of like getting out these days" She continued, smiling. "And I hear we're babysitting you."

"Well, for cocktails anyway. I've got a busy day tomorrow." Joe tried to leave the door open in case she felt uncomfortable with this situation. 

"I do like cocktails," she teased back. 

He walked past her squeezing close to avoid other patrons. As he went by Sandi their arms touched. He could feel the electricity jolt through him, and could see goose pimples form on the back of her arms. There was dampness in his underwear from the tip of his stiffening member, and it made him wonder if she was getting wet as well.

The woman Sandi was talking too excused herself for minute, asking Joe to watch her drink. Joe agreed and took her place at the counter. 

Instead of sitting he stood there, which put him right behind Sandi's ear. He could smell her freshly washed hair, and took a second to marvel at one small freckle on the side of her neck. 

"You know," he said quietly in her ear, and as he did so he leaned forward slightly. He then grabbed at a bar napkin thus closing the gap between them. He was so close he could of kissed her neck. Instead he spoke even softer.

"I'd like nothing else than to put you up on the bar, pull off those shorts and stick my tongue so far into you I could taste what you had for lunch." 

He leaned up and in a normal voice said, "So what do you think of that?"

Sandi only turned her head slightly, replying with a smile, "I think I'd like that."

Their eyes met again and spoke more than any words could have.

As her friend returned Joe walked back to join the men at the other end of the counter. Actually it was more like a limp to hide the fact that Joe's cock was anything but. 

One drink turned into several, and as usual the bar snacks took the place of a sit down meal. By ten o'clock the other regulars from their group had already cleared out, and as the bar crowd wound down it left just the three of them. Keith demanded that Joe go back to their house for a nightcap.

"I'm gonna take a pass, buddy," Joe said to Keith as he settled his tab. 

Behind him he heard, "Oh Joe, please do come by, it's still early." It was Sandi's voice. "It's a beautiful night, we can sit on the patio." 

Joe agreed to himself it might be a beautiful night, but her eyes were brighter than any star he would see in the sky. Craziness instantly replaced carefulness.

"Okay, if you insist. I'll follow you guys back to your place."

Joe parked just down the street from their house and took a deep breath. Be smart Joe, he told himself. Alcohol and Sandi are a hazardous combination. Actually, he thought, her eyes and her smile might even be more dangerous. He popped a breath mint in and headed down the street. 

As Keith unlocked the door and went inside Sandi let Joe pass her. Crossing the threshold he felt her hand run down his ass to the space between his thighs. A couple of inches more and she would have had his balls in her hand. He turned slightly and his elbow pushed against her pinned down tits.

As Keith prepared drinks Joe and Sandi smiled again at each other in a very knowing manner. Joe had been here many times having a late night drink, but this night would be unlike any other. 

Every time Keith turned around or went for a drink, Joe and Sandi would grope each other. Even as they stood and talked Joe would lightly brush her arm or ass, which turned him on so much he had to continually adjust himself to keep his now straining cock from busting out of his shorts. He made no attempt to hide this from her, and she enjoyed watching him continually have to adjust himself after each encounter.

When Keith excused himself to use the bathroom Joe grabbed Sandi and kissed her deeply. As their eyes closed and tongues rubbed he quickly slid his hand down past the buckle on her shorts. He wedged it into her panties, then down past her raised patch of hair to her pussy and along her slit. His fingers came back up wet and slick. If there was any question that she was as turned on as he it was just answered. He quickly stuck his hand down her blouse and rubbed the clear fluid on one of her nipples, making a small circle just before hearing the bathroom door open. 

Before long they moved outside to enjoy the evening. Each time Keith would walk back inside to refresh the drinks Joe and Sandi would grope each other. He would grab those lovely matching 34 DD's and make sure the nipples stayed erect while she would run her hand along his cock. 

Joe smiled as he noticed Sandi's' shirt was actually un-tucked and a quite ruffled from his big paws reaching inside her bra. The one button she had left undone was now two. Her perfect hair was now down from where it had been earlier, and there was almost no lipstick left on her luscious lips. Anyone else would have noticed this immediately, especially on the woman who was always picture perfect, but Keith didn't think twice. 

Perhaps partially because he was matching the much bigger Joe drink for drink, and partially because he was more concerned about talking about himself than his beautiful wife. Either way Joe couldn't take his eyes off of her. He was completely fascinated and hooked on her taste, her smell, her voice, and her touch. 

Joe now found himself pouring his drink into the planter whenever Keith wasn't looking to initiate another trip back into the house, and the opportunity to steal a kiss. This only made Keith drunker and him hornier. Joe soon found the need to take a trip to the bathroom to point his hard on straight up and hold it in place behind the zipper and button. He used the elastic band of his boxers help hold things in place by securing it just under his circumcised head. Any other position would have been visually disastrous as the light cotton of his shorts was no match for the blood pumping to the head of his dick. 

"Damn you, Sandi," he said to himself. 

As if on cue a small drop of clear love gel oozed out the end of his shaft. Just thinking of her out there was almost too much for him. Thank god his un-tucked shirt covered his bulge which now sat right at the top of his waistline, and also and concealed the drops that kept seeping out the end.

Opportunity arose again when as they sat outside Keith excused himself once again to use the bathroom. By the time Keith's back entered the house Joe had stood up and lifted his shirt. He pulled down just a bit on his shorts and instantly the head of his cock was out of his pants. It was too risky to drop them completely, but there was two inches of wet dick poking out. Sandi popped up from her seat and wasted no time in bending forward and sucking on it while Joe watched the hallway. As she blew him Joe pulled up her shirt and fought his way inside her bra so he could make circles on both nipples. 

At the very last second before Keith walked back out, she unlatched from his cock, stood up, and walked back in the house past her husband. If there had been any lipstick left on those lips it was now two inches down from the head of Joe's rod. He turned his back as if to check out the garden while forcing his slippery member back into its hiding place. 

The night breeze cooled the air down a bit, and the three of them headed back inside. Joe and Sandi stood side by side and as they moved around, hands brushing across each other's bodies whenever possible. Keith still seemed oblivious to what was going on. 

Whenever he had the opportunity Joe would take a little bit of pre-cum and wipe it on Sandi behind her ear as he kissed her, or let her lick it off his finger. He also stirred it into her drink as she held her glass.

At one point later in the evening there was a disagreement about trivia, and Keith felt the need to prove something on the computer. As he sat looking for some obscure information on the Internet, Joe and Sandi stood behind him. With Sandi just in front of him Keith ran his hand inside and up her top. He traced along her spine from the top of her ass to her tiny neck. Her skin felt incredibly smooth. With his forefinger and thumb he pushed in below her neck on each side of her spine, and in response her shoulders arched back and she rolled her head. While moving his hand back down he brazenly undid her bra, reaching around to grab a freed breast and nipple with one hand as he pointed at the computer with another.

Keith continued typing, unaware that Joe had his hand inside his wife's blouse. Sandi gave Joe a bit of a look and excused herself for a moment. She went to the other room to fasten her bra. Her tits were way to big not to be noticed swinging from her tiny frame, all her husband had to have done was turn around. She came back and repositioned herself, only after first giving Joe a swipe across his ass. 

Joe looked down and could actually see the reflection of the three of them on the computer screen as Keith typed away. He turned a little sideways so the middle of his chest was leaning into Sandi's' shoulder. It seemed to block the image of his other arm. As he did so he also slipped his hand down the back of Sandi's shorts and onto her petite smooth ass. 

Suddenly Joe bent forward to point something out on the screen, and as he did his hand glided down the slope of her ass and stopped between her thighs, with his finger just outside the lips of her waiting wet hole. 

Sandi spread her legs slightly and pushed her body back into his strong hand in such a way that Joe felt his thick middle finger slip all the way inside her. He was again amazed how tight her hole was, and more amazed how wet she was standing literally right next to her husband. He wiggled the finger inside her, pressing hard randomly against the inside of her mound. She was so smooth, and only got smoother as her love juices began lubricating her pussy lips even more. Outside his other fingers cradled her ass cheeks, working together with the inserted digit. He looked over to see her eyes close with pleasure. He felt her love tunnel clamping down on his finger so hard it almost locked it in place, and as she did so she almost fell forward past Keith into the computer. 

Joe steadied her and continued to direct Keith's attention to the screen as long as possible. When Sandi appeared to be getting nervous that her husband would turn his head see his friends' big arm down his wife's pants, he finally slid out his juicy finger and hand. 

After a bit more drinking Keith remarked he had reached his limit and it was time for bed, which usually meant he was ready to pass out. The two of them walked Joe to the door where everyone said their good-nights. 

Joe gave Sandi a polite hug and peck on the cheek, turning as to avoid Keith seeing the lump in the pants that his wife had given him. As he walked down the steps he heard the door lock and soon watched the lights inside go out one by one. He then observed the lights go on in their bedroom and bathroom.

It had been a wild night for sure, he thought, smelling his finger to get a whiff of her enchanting scent. His balls were starting to ache from him being so erect for so long without release. He smelled his finger again and knew that he would use that hand to jack off as soon as he got home, and thinking of her as he did so.

Joe had walked about a half a block before he received a text from Sandi saying what a great evening it was. 

He texted her back: MEET ME IN THE BACKYARD

She replied: CAN'T DO. KEITH STAYS UP LATE AND IS A LIGHT SLEEPER. 

Joe had to see her one more time. Her text had sent his cock back into a frizzy. He wanted to kiss her once more before he went home and jacked off thinking of how sexy she was.

BLOW HIM IF YOU HAVE TO, he wrote, BUT FIND YOUR WAY OUTSIDE.

NCD, came the reply. 

Ncd? Joe thought. He wasn't much of a text person. Later he would find it meant: 'no can do.' Not knowing that at the time, he replied simply and truthfully. 

MISS YOU ALREADY.

No reply came back. Joe returned to the house, quietly walking up the side of the home and unlatching the gate to the backyard. Once inside their yard he snuck into the shadows and found a spot where he could see the lights inside. He observed shadows of bodies moving. Keith was still up and from all appearances this night for him was done. Minutes later he saw the final two lights go off and the house went dark.

He stood quietly, disappointed that there would be no more contact. He considered jacking off right on their lawn and texting her where he did it, and the reason why: because Sandi was so sexy it made him insane. 

A minute later, just as he readied to leave, he was overjoyed as he saw the back door open ever so slowly, and the image of Sandi quietly tiptoeing his way.

They embraced in the shadows.

"He's not quite asleep," she whispered. "Just a kiss and then goodbye." 

Joe bent over and kissed her fully and as he ran his hand over her body. Sandi's hands cradled his face as they kissed. He pulled her blouse buttons apart to get better access to her tits and she complied, even unsnapping her bra for him. He pulled his shirt up so skin would meet skin, and they both felt the electricity between them. After he was able to fondle and suck on each of those firm breasts and nipples she stepped back.

"Okay," she said softly. "Now, good night." She pointed to the house as if she already knew she would be walking back into trouble.

As she turned to leave Joe put his hand on her shoulder. Passion overtook him and he suddenly tore open the front of his shorts, letting them and his boxers fall to the ground. His massive hard on was pointing at the sky, and the dots of fluid that had seeped out and spread on it over the course of the night had given it a glossy appearance. 

Sandi looked up at the windows of her bedroom behind her. Then without saying a word she dropped down and took his cock in her mouth like a shark in frenzy. One hand cradled his balls while the other pulled his ass toward her face. Joe began to thrust involuntarily as his butt cheeks clenched. 

His hands rummaged through her hair as she worked her magic. He felt her hand move up from his balls to circle the base of his shaft. She was holding him tight, locking him in place as her mouth demanded his release, taking him in till there was no more to take. He began to help her, thrusting forward as she bobbed her head into him until they were in rhythm. 

"Oh my god, Sandi," was all he could murmur as he quickly filled her throat with a full load of cum. 

"Umm," she moaned back quietly, tilting her head and sucking some more as his shaft forced out two more spurts that landed on the back of her tongue. Sandi savored the sticky fluid as she swallowed it, leaving her mouth attached just a bit longer to make sure he was completely drained. 

Mission now accomplished, she smiled up at him. He could see moonlight in those cat eyes and the shadow of his now half-mast member on her face. Sandi gave his dick one last kiss then stood up. They wrapped tongues once again before he sent her back upstairs to her husband. 

"Good night," she whispered as she left. Her hair was a complete mess, her blouse open and her tits swaying unrestrained. As she snuck back toward the house he watched her straighten herself up, adjust her clothes, and become Miss Proper again by the time she reached the back door. 

Joe waited in the shadows till the lights went off before he let himself out. On the way home all he could do was smile. That little kiss that led to this was getting crazier by the minute.