 As I put away my beads from a fun play session (well really what else can you call it when you're masturbating, sexting and shoving anal beads up your ass?). I come up with a sexy game idea. I spend the next day aroused as I plan out the rules and rewards of it. 

When you come over that night, I pounce;

"Baby, I have this idea for a fun, naughty game. Do you want to play with me?"

You pause for just a moment before smiling, "Sure, I'm game." And you are, I can see the excitement in your face and growing in your jeans. Your blind agreement makes my insides clench as I smile broadly. 

"Ok, here's how it works. On my body I'll put 10 spots of flavored oil. Using only your tongue, you search for the spots. For each spot you find, you'll earn a bead."

Your eyebrows draw together, "A bead?"

I smile sweetly, growing wetter with every word. "An anal bead, there are 10 on the strand. Earn them all and they'll get pushed between your sweet cheeks, one by one."

I grab your tight butt and give it a squeeze. "After you find as many as you can, it's my turn. You'll put 6 spots of oil on your body and I'll taste for them. With each spot I find, I'll remove a bead."

"Why only 6?" You're again puzzled by my rules.

"Because, the last 4 will be removed as I wrap my lips around your cock." I run my hand over your tented jeans as I reply. You close your eyes with a groan and thrust your hips toward my groping hand.

"And when do we start playing this little game of yours?" You can't keep the smile from your face as you pull me in your arms. I claim your lips passionately with a happy little squeal.

"Now works for me," I mumble against your lips as I walk you backwards toward my bedroom. We make it through the doorway without breaking our kiss. As we get closer to the bed, I pull back and give you a little push, you land with a bounce and laugh. 

I scramble out of your playful reach and move to my dresser, where I retrieve the oil. "Strawberry, cherry or honey?"

"Cherry."

I toss you the small bottle of strawberry flavored oil and clutch the cherry in my hand. "I'll be right back," I smile over my shoulder as I enter the attached bathroom.

I quickly strip my clothes off, wishing you could help but knowing this was necessary to the game. I open the oil bottle and drench the tip of my finger with it. I carefully dab out 10 small circles of oil, then fan my hands to help them dry. 

A quick fluff of my long brown curls, before I crack the door open, "Are you ready for me?"

"See for yourself," you reply with a chuckle. I finish pulling the door open and I gasp. I'm struck by how amazing you are, you're smiling chocolate brown eyes, over tasty soft lips, strong stubbled chin; your chest covered in hair that my fingers itch to feel, trailing down to your 7 1/2 inches of hard cock proudly displayed. 

"Gawd, you're gorgeous," you whisper. 

"Stop reading my mind, that's cheating," I reply huskily, slowly advancing with an extra swing in my hips. You pull me in your strong arms, "The game starts now."

You bend and lick across my lips before pressing your tongue into my mouth. I melt into your arms, enjoying the slide of your hot smooth skin against my own. Our tongues dance together, making my heart thump loudly and my breath quicken. You pull back a little and smirk, "One."

I reach up and place another kiss on your lips, "For us both, I think." Your chest rumbles with a chuckle, rubbing your hair across my hard nipples. "It's still my turn," You smile and claim my lips again as you lead me to the bed. 

We're both breathing heavily now, you lay me back on the soft comforter and finally break our kiss. You trail kisses along my chin and cheek to my left earlobe. Your tongue flicks to the soft spot behind my ear before sucking the lobe into your mouth. "Two," I shudder as you continue to suck and lick before breathing your warm sweet breath across my damp skin. 

Your mouth continues searching down my neck, alternating your tongue, lips and occasionally your teeth. I'm not sure how much of this sweet torture I can take, then your lips move along my right ear to give it the same loving attention. "Three," I groan and you chuckle again, bringing a smile to my own lips. 

Your seeking mouth continues to move across my body, along my shoulder, slowly heading toward the swell of my ample breasts. You close your hot hungry mouth over my right nipple. I gasp and my body arches to meet you. You nibble and lick a bit then, lift your head. The confused look on your face makes me smirk, "You didn't think I'd make it that easy, did you?" You laugh before claiming my nipple again and lifting my breast in your big calloused hand, start massaging. Then you take your tongue and make a widening spiral out from my nipple until my entire breast is covered in a thin sheen of saliva. When you finally get to the crease on the underside of my breast, I'm quivering. "Four," I pant.

Your hard length is pressing into my thigh as you reach over and take my left nipple in your mouth. "Five," I groan as you pull my nipple gently with your teeth. I run my hands across your strong shoulders, up the back of your neck and into your close cropped hair. I squeeze my thighs together, juices coating my shaved folds. 

You release my nipple and look into my eyes, "5 left." I groan again as your mouth returns to my overheating skin. Moving down across my ribs and onto my stomach tongue dips into my belly button. "Oh god baby, 6!" I'm squirming under your talented seeking mouth. 

You move away from me, I shiver because of the lost heat. With a wicked gleam in your eyes you grab my ankles and start kissing my toes one by one. I start laughing hysterically and trying in vain to wiggle away. "Stop!" I wheeze, "I'm wicked ticklish! I swear there aren't any on my feet!" You place a gentle kiss on my instep. "Just being thorough," you grin at me, as I stick my tongue out childishly.

You start kissing my ankle, then along my calf to the back of my knee, and part them. A warm wet kiss on the soft crease where my thigh meets my wide round cheek. "7," I whisper. You turn your head to my other thigh and kiss the smooth inside. 

I suck in my breath and exhale, "8." 

You lift my legs onto shoulders and spread my cheeks, you dive into my tight pucker with a groan. I buck a little but you hold me tightly as you swirl your tongue around. "9!" I scream as my pussy pulses and my thighs tighten around your ears. You don't stop your busy tongue as I continue to shake through my orgasm. 

I'm still panting as you slide your tongue up through my swollen lips and clamp onto my clit. "10," I groan loudly, "Please don't stop." I hold your head in place and rub my aching clit against your mouth. You eagerly comply, lapping, sucking me to another orgasm, then attempt to push your finger into my throbbing wet tunnel. But, you find it full already and gently tug on the pink rubber ring. 

"I thought I'd keep them warm and lubed for you," I say with a satisfied smile. 

You return my smile, "I believe those are mine now." You tug harder on the ring until the largest marble sized bead pops out wetly. I groan loudly, my wet pussy, protesting the beads removal, clenches tighter. 

You crawl up my body and cover my mouth with yours. I can taste myself on your tongue. You swallow my gasps as three beads are quickly removed from my hot wet hole. My hips lift and your thumb reaches out to flick my clit before you tug again and three more beads slide free. I moan into your mouth, my body begins to tighten and shake. I thrust my tongue into your mouth. You rub my clit, again and again, before finally yanking out of the last of your prize, a third orgasm rolls over me. 

"My turn now," I whisper breathlessly before claiming your lips and snatching the dripping beads from your hand. I pull my lips from yours reluctantly, as I sit up. "Roll over, baby, time for your reward." Your excited grin, as you struggle to your hands and knees, is my reward.