 I sat in my office chair working on the computer. I was advertising the sales at my cell phone store as I had just opened for the day. It was a beautiful sunny day outside and it was starting off slow. It was about an hour later before customers started strolling into the store. Some were paying their cell phone bills and others were having cell phone issues. 

Hours had passed and it was afternoon. Dark clouds were moving in as there was a thunderstorm warning for the area. I sat watching some videos on my laptop as the rain started to pour outside. Thunder and lightning began as the wind picked up. It was about twenty minutes till closing time when she walked into the store. I closed my laptop and looked at her and her soaked clothes. 

"How can I help you?" I asked taking my eyes off her soaked, white tee shirt.

"I need a phone but I have no money." She said sitting down. "I really need one."

"Well you have to buy a phone here, I can't give them away." I said as she looked around.

"What if I told you I would make it worth your while?" She asked

I thought about it as I looked at her soaked shirt and smiled to myself. I realized she wasn't joking as she starred at me with them fuck me eyes and was biting her lip. I leaned back in my chair as I began to think how tight her pussy was. I looked at the shelf and decided to see how far it would really go, if she would let me into that sexy body.

"So, you want to get a cell phone and will make it worth my while? What kind of phone?" I asked as she stood up and walked to the display case. 

"Well, how about this one." She pointed at an Android phone as I walked up behind her as she bent over in her little tight jean shorts. 

"That one? Well, how would you make it worth my while?" I asked standing right behind her as she looked back grinning and put her hand between her open legs and flipped me off as she rubbed it up and down her pussy.

"I like to fuck and I really need a cell phone, and a plan on it." She said turning around looking at me and seeing my dick was erect in my pants. "Oh I see you are thinking about it." She said smiling. "I am Destiny and I am here to let you feel how Destiny really is." She said stepping up and grabbing my crotch. "Yes if you are wondering, I am eighteen, as of last week." She said whispering in my ear as she unzipped my pants. 

"Ugh, well let me lock up the store and we can um..." I said as she pulled out my cock and was already on her knees licking the tip of it. "Oh well, fuck it!" I said as Destiny smiled and began to slip her lips over my dick as she deep throated me each time.

I leaned on the display case as her mouth worked its magic. I had my eyes closed as I felt her tongue ring slide up and down on my dick. I felt her grab my balls and roll them around in her hand as she moved her mouth down to them. She sucked my ball sack as her had worked my cock. I felt myself getting closer to exploding as she put her mouth back on the tip of my dick and sucked. Just on the tip as her hand slid up and down my shaft. Then she went and began to deep throat me again. 

I was close as she kept sliding back and forth. I grabbed her blonde ponytail and made her pick up the pace. Her eyes looked up at me as I had her sliding back and forth faster and faster. It happened, I held her mouth all the way to my body as I got off. I grunted as it felt so good. I let go of her ponytail as she swallowed and wiped her mouth. I looked down as she licked the tip as a drip of cum hung there. 

"Is that all I gotta do for a phone?" Destiny asked.

"Want an Iphone?" I asked smiling down at her white tee shirt and perky tits.

"I would love an Iphone, go lock the door and let me earn it." She said standing up.

I locked the door and turned the open sign off. I shut off the lights inside the store. The sun had gone down and the only light we had was the street light coming thru the store's windows. I turned as she stood there in her pink bra and pink thong. She smiled as she unclasp her bra between her beautiful C cups and let it slide off her arms to the floor. I was still rock hard and felt like it was getting harder looking at her eighteen year old breasts with erect nipples. She smiled as I took my shirt off and walked over to her. She sat on the floor and laid back as I followed her.

My pants and underwear were off as my dick rubbed up against her thong as I kissed her nipples and bit them slightly. She moaned as she closed her eyes as her thong grew wet. I sucked her tit and grabbed the other one as my cock slid past her thong and into her tight, shaved pussy. Destiny let out a gasp as I slowly entered her tight body. I began to go in and out of her hole as she moaned. I smiled and picked up the pace making her tits bounce back and forth with the movement.

I continued to bone the teenage hottie as I felt her cum spurting around my cock with each thrust. I smiled and lifted her legs to my shoulders. I began ramming faster and deeper making her moan and squeal loudly. Destiny was loving it as we laid on my store's floor in the dim light fucking, as did I. No one was walking by, it was just us and her loud moaning. 

We were both sweaty as we laid on the floor fucking. Then I feel it as her pussy tightened around my dick, she arched her back as I continued to drive my dick deep but slowly. Destiny moaned as her orgasm hit making her cum more. I felt myself getting ready to bust and she flipped me to my back. She laughed as she began to ride my cock as I grabbed her bouncing tits. I moved my hips up with each time she came down making sure I was deep inside her pussy. Destiny was loving it as she got off again. I was so close but trying not too as I loved her tight pussy riding my dick. 

Her moans continued as her pussy stayed nice and wet. She got off again and fell forward as she locked lips and kissed me as I kept thrusting my hips up and down, keeping her wanting more. Destiny rolled over and was on all fours with her head on the floor as I sat up on my knees and slid back into her slit. Her eyes closed as I held her little waist and really started to pound her. I smacked her ass cheek making her whimper but each time her pussy tightened around my cock. 

I continued pounding her tight pussy as I felt my self building up as I kept ramming deep into her. I was close but I decided there was one more thing I was wanting to tap before I blew my wad. I pulled out and shoved my cock up her ass. Destiny's eyes popped open with a startled yelp as I began fucking her tight asshole. 

"That's... my... ass...oh shit it feels so good!" She said closing her eyes as I was cock deep in her ass.

I felt it building fast as I thrust each time in her tight asshole. I held her hips as I dipped deep as her fingers slid in and out of her pussy. Destiny was loving the ass fucking as she fingered herself. I was almost to my limit as I picked up the pace and groaned as she moaned at the same time. I closed my eyes and shoved deep as I got off inside her ass. Her pussy let out a gush of cum as she got off also. I pulled out as she say up. 

She smiled at me and stood up. I pointed to the bathroom as she walked to it. I stood up and cleaned off my cock as I got dressed. I grabbed a cell phone and activated it for her as she came out in her clothes. She dropped her soaked thong in the trash. I stood up and handed her the Iphone as she jumped up and down. 

"No case?" Destiny looked at me with sad eyes.

"I'm sold out but I will have more in a couple days if you want to stop back by about the same time." I said winking at her.

"Oh I will be back tomorrow." She said licking her lips as she walked to the door as I opened it and let her out. 

Destiny gave me a kiss and walked out. I made sure my number was in her phone as I watched her tight little shorts walk away. I closed the door and locked up. I left for the night and was looking forward to seeing her again.