 It was now Monday morning, and the only thing Joe had on his mind was kissing Sandi. It had only been two nights ago that she snuck outside and kissed him properly good night, right before dropping down and swallowing every drop of cum juice he could muster. All while her husband was just steps away inside the house. 

Each time he closed his eyes all he could see was her beautiful naked body bathed in the moonlight. Now, it was a new day and a new week, and he physically ached to see her. Something about her touch renewed him in ways he could not explain.

By ten o'clock in the morning Joe had been moving and cutting stone in the hot sun for more than two hours. He found a shady spot to take a break and pulled out his phone.

HEY. Joe texted her, knowing she was at her office. 

NEED ANYTHING FROM THE LUMBERYARD? 

In his head he calculated the odds of either Sandi or anyone at her office actually needing anything from a lumberyard. Somewhere around one in ten billion, give or take a billion. 

NO, she replied, BUT MEET ME AT MY HOUSE FOR LUNCH. 

LOVE TO, he wrote back, BUT COVERED IN DIRT AND DUST.

COME THROUGH THE BACKYARD, was the answer. 

Joe's morning flew by as he did the work of three men despite the bulge in his shorts that kept him from moving too fast. He debated the danger of him driving over there in broad daylight. People could see, people could talk, and word could get around. Regardless of the possibility of getting noticed Joe decided to risk it. Shortly before noon he drove and parked two blocks from Keith and Sandi's home. Not wanting to look like a vagrant, he carried a tape measure and yellow pad so onlookers might think he was giving an estimate for landscaping. 

His shirt was sweat soaked, as was the cap he wore. On top of that his arms and legs were covered in dirt and dust from four hours of hot outside work. He walked into the backyard, stopping first to measure the driveway on his way up and write down some imaginary measurements. After fumbling with the tape he made his way to the backyard and shut the gate behind him. Soon after that he heard Sandi's car pull up. 

Sandi entered her home through the front door and a moment later Joe heard the back door unlock. He still couldn't believe this was really happening. Here he was, standing in his friend's back yard in the middle of the day, for no other reason than he was crazy about his friend's wife. 

Then the door opened. Sandi stood there. Perfection. This was classic Sandi. Her brown shoulder length hair was combed perfectly in place across her forehead. Makeup flawless as one would expect, and her earrings matched her necklace. She was wearing a knee length brown dress that closed in the front and crossed well up on her chest. Below her thin calves and ankles she wore black open toed shoes that showed off her tiny painted toes. 

"Hello Joe," she said, "Glad you could make it on such short notice." Sandi glanced from side to side to let Joe know that nosey neighbors might be able to hear their conversation.

"Yes, hi Sandi, uh, no problem at all." 

"Would you like to come in?"

"Glad to, but..." Joe raised his arms to show her his sweat-drenched outfit. He looked down at his boots, which were once black but now were grey from a recent coating of concrete and clay.

"Yeah," she said, "let's just leave those boots in the hallway."

Joe stepped in and took the big heavy boots off. Sandi shut the door behind him and twisted the lock. Nonchalantly she walked down the hall to the kitchen. He followed, staring at her tight calf muscles as she moved, and of course took a peek at her ass through the thin cloth dress. The outline of a bulge in his pants continued to grow with each step. 

As they both cleared the door to the kitchen Sandi turned and kissed him deeply. Tongue on tongue they closed their eyes and shared the electricity. He felt goose bumps roll down from his shoulders to his feet. 

Her head tilted as she looked up at him, those brown cat eyes sparkling. 

"Oh my god, Joe, I missed this so much."

"You? Holy fuck, I can hardly even drive without crashing. And every time I use a saw I'm afraid I'll think of you and cut off my hand."

He kissed her again, being careful not to make contact with her dress.

"This is just what I needed," he said, "thank you."

Joe turned and washed his hands in the sink. There was so much dirt on his arms it looked like he was wearing gloves. He turned back and reached inside her dress for a handful of milky smoothness. Her nipples were already hard as he fingered them. 

"Sorry I'm such a wreck, busy day in the yard."

"That's okay," Sandi replied, staring at the large man standing in her kitchen.

"Plus I stink, bad."

"I don't mind, in fact I love your smell." 

She sniffed at his armpits before kissing him again. Looking down she saw the wet spot where the tent pole was pushing out of his filthy shorts.

"Come with me." She grabbed his hand and led him upstairs. 

This was the last thing Joe expected. Although he had been at the house a hundred times he had only been upstairs one time, and that was helping Keith carry up some furniture. 

When they got to the bedroom Joe stood just inside the door as Sandi walked to the other side of the bed. The bedroom was small but well appointed. He had peeked into the master bedroom as they walked by but totally understood this was a much safer room for them to be together in. Everything upstairs was spotless, except for the man in the clay covered clothes.

Sandi stood there for a second, and as Joe looked at her he could easily imagine that earlier in the day she had no doubt been at an office meeting with her peers. Joe had met many of them throughout the years. He thought; no he knew, that plenty of the men working there would fantasize about her tits. They would try to get a peek at them whenever she was sitting at her desk and they were standing over her. If they didn't get a chance to look down her dress, they would hope her nipples would stick out from the air conditioning. Or perhaps they would try and get a look up her skirt from across the room. Of course many would be wondering what she wore beneath that brown dress today, where her panty lines showed, or if her mound or lips would be visible when she stood. They would picture in their minds what her pussy looked like, and be especially curious if she enjoyed sucking dick.

That much he knew, but he also knew no one at her office or any of her friends would ever imagine her doing something like this for real. But here she was, for real, in her house, and had invited him, her husband's friend. Joe had the honor to be privy to what all those other men could only think about.

It was both bright and hot inside the room with the mid-day sun coming through white curtains. Joe estimated it was at least eighty-five degrees in the room. Sandi made no effort to pull the darkening shades that hung at the sides of the window, there would be no hiding her body. Her brown hair shined in the light. Joe watched her as she slipped off her shoes and undid her dress. Carefully she folded it over the back of a chair. She was wearing a black bra with lace over the nipples and of course being Sandi matching black panties. Shyly her back turned toward him as she unclasped her bra. Then she slowly turned toward him so he had full view of her as she slipped off her silky bottoms. 

There she stood. Smiling right at him from across the bed. Those 34dd's had their arrows pointed right at him. Now he knew why women called them twins, these two were a perfect match in size from the nipples back. On her petite frame they looked huge, but not massive. Joe felt his own nipples harden as his blood pressure jumped. 

His eyes tracked the perfectly placed freckles that ran from her breasts down her rib cage and past her stomach, ending at the sparse patch of dark mound hair. There were no giant pussy lips sticking out, just a nice curved angle. Nature had chosen to make her body just as appropriate naked as she was dressed. Ms. Proper for sure, except to those she chose to show a different side. 

Joe felt himself perspiring; it was fucking hot up there.

Sandi pulled back the sheets and laid on her right side facing Joe, spreading her legs slightly so he got the full view of her nakedness. As he stood there mesmerized she tapped her hand on the white sheet.

"Well?" 

"I'm afraid I'll get the whole place dirty," he replied. 

"I do all the laundry here, there is nothing that can't be washed."

Joe literally had to peel the soaked shirt from his body. He put in on the floor inside out to try and contain the dust. He dropped his boxers and shorts in one motion onto the shirt, revealing his massive Sandi inspired hard on. 

He crawled up on the bed and put a knee on each side of her hips. Kissing her deeply his right hand moved across her breasts and down between her legs. He found her not just wet but soaked as his slickened finger massaged the length of her pussy. He ran it up and down her folds a few times then dried it by rubbing it behind her left ear and running it down her neck. With his left hand he then squeezed a few drops of pre-cum from the head of his shaft onto his fingers. He wiped those behind her right ear, trailing it across her face and stopping on her lips, which she gently licked to taste the coating.

Joe moved his head down, sucking on each of her tits, then back up for a kiss. After repeating this he spread her legs and moved lower, tracing the path of her freckles with his tongue past her navel until he was positioned between her legs. This was not easy task; Joe was a large man the bed barely a queen. He found he needed to put one leg on the floor and angle in from the corner. It was a bit awkward, but if he had to hang from a meat hook he wouldn't have cared, all he wanted to do was taste her.

He stared at the tiny slit in front of him. Using his fingers he pried the lips apart till he found the pink hood at the top. Hidden inside and hard as a rock was her clit, about the size of a diamond chip and bright pink. He licked it lightly, as if the end of his tongue was a feather. Looking up he saw her head was back and her shoulders arched. He dug in, working his pointing finger in and out of her tight hole as he made circles on and around her love dot. 

Joe then rearranged and put one arm under each thigh. He wanted to grab those nipples as she writhed back and forth. The problem was he actually needed to spread her mini pussy lips for maximum clit contact. The solution came to him. He grabbed one of her wrists and moved her hand down to the top of her mound. She pulled back slightly, but he moved it down again. 

"Ummm," he murmured. 

He wanted to let her know having her hand down there turned him on. And did it ever. He could feel the tip of his cock getting more excited, causing him to angle out even more as he pleasured her. He felt like if the tip so much as touched the sheets in front of him he would be shooting his load on the side of the bed. 

Sandi cooperated, leaving her hand just above her pussy lips. Joe carefully took two of her fingers and placed one on each side of them. Then he gently spread them. She got the idea and held the lips apart so he would have full access to the valley of her dripping slit. 

Joe reached around each thigh and took a nipple in each hand, after first rubbing her pussy juice across her face and down her neck. She was sweating as well now and the salty beads gave her reddening chest a bright glow. As she held herself open, he licked and twisted as she arched and pushed her mound up at his face. He took a moment to see her. She was in full sniffing position, rocking her head from side to side as his hands and mouth moved in concert to please her.

"Ummmmmm," was her only sound. Ecstasy. 

He watched her stomach muscles roll involuntarily and felt the tight squeeze on his finger as his tongue licked lightly on the wet hood. Her little black patch was moving around like a flying carpet. 

"Ohhhhh." She moaned, eyes closed. 

Reaching down she grabbed him by each side of the head and pulled him up. 

"Kiss me."

Joe obliged and his wet face met hers. It was a deep and sincere mixing of saliva and juice.

"Come up here," was her invite.

"Okay, but don't even touch me yet. I swear, one move and I'm going to come all over the place."

"Really?"

"What do you mean? Yes. Really. Don't touch me or I'm going to blast. You're just too fucking sexy."

"No," Sandi replied. "Really? I mean you really left your socks on?"

Joe looked down and they both laughed.

"Hey, I hardly know you."

Sandi laid him back at an angle on the bed and propped his head with a pillow, but even then his feet hung out from the end. She ran her hands across his ears and cheeks as she kissed him and then down across his sweaty chest. Leaning in she licked both his armpits from the bicep up, eyes closed, savoring his smell. She then circled each nipple with her tongue. 

After kissing him again she sat up with her head just over his engorged, pre-cum leaking cock. The fluid was leaking straight down the vein on the lower side, so much so he could feel the wetness of it on his balls. The head from the circumcision line up was almost purple from the blood flow, and the entire rod seemed to move slightly side to side with each breath Joe took. 

"Tell me what you like," she asked.

"Just talking to you makes me want to come. Anything else is a bonus. I'm totally serious. Then I get to see you naked? Holy shit!"

Sandi smiled.

He continued, "I still can't believe you would even give me the time of day. You leave me fucking speechless every time I try to talk to you. I still can't believe I ever kissed you but I had no choice in the matter. You were just too sexy. Then, on top of that you let me lick you and it's heaven. Your pussy is so addicting I just want to have my head permanently attached to it."

He put her tiny hand in his. 

"Besides, I don't know where you learned to give blow jobs but I've never had anything even close to yours. Ever. Period. So basically, what I'm saying is I like anything you do, even if it's just watching you drink coffee."

"Thank you, Joe." She countered. "And you know I do like to drink coffee. And I like other things as well." She reached for his cock and Joe had to grab her hand.

"Just give a minute, please," he said. "And don't look me in the eyes, you're going to make me come without even touching me."

Sandi put her hand on his thigh and addressed him, "I know some women want to give their men one hundred percent. But I want to give you one hundred and twenty. So tell please me anything you like, I'll do anything."

Joe could tell she meant it. He had no idea what to ask for, no one in his lifetime had ever given him an offer like that. He had been serious that just seeing and touching her naked body had satisfied every fantasy he had ever had. Joe used to stare at every woman like he imagined Sandi's co-workers stared at her, but since their first kiss he didn't give any woman a second look. Something about her just made the world right. He knew he had to come up with something that didn't sound lame.

"Well, I have to admit I do kind of like it when my balls get licked." 

Sandi simply smiled and moved down between his legs. She kept one hand on each thigh as he felt her tongue working it's way down his sweaty and pre-cum covered creases, lapping up the salty beads. After reaching the base of his balls and she continued licking between them until they were split into two soft hanging bags. The touch was just right, the sensation incredible. As she came up she circled each one, putting them in her mouth but not sucking on them. More of like a cradle with a wet tongue massage. As she worked his sacks with her mouth her hair rolled across his wet cock like a fine bristled paintbrush. Joe could see strings of sticky clear fluid gathering in her hair and making a trail on across forehead.

It was one hundred and twenty percent more than Joe could take.

"Holy shit I'm going to.." 

Before he could finish his sentence Sandi took his rod in her mouth and sucked hard. As she had done before she quickly locked the base with her hands, so that his cock and cum had nowhere to go but down her soft throat. Joe's hips bucked into her face as she held on for the ride. He grabbed the back of her head behind with a hand behind each ear to help her hang on as his body bucked and cracked. 

"Ummmmm," she moaned, her head locked in place as she swallowed his load, loving every second of it. 

Post blast she kept his tender dick in her mouth, not sucking but just keeping it warm until it began to soften. She then let him free. After simply smiling at him she laid her head on his dirty shoulder. She found his armpit and took another sniff of his manliness. 

Joe looked down at Sandi. Her hair was a complete mess and still had some patches of his fluid. He could see even more trails on her cheek and neck where he had been rubbing their juices. 

"I have to kiss you," he said. 

He sat up in the bed and she curled into him as they kissed.

He asked, "What the fuck is it about you?" 

"I know, I feel it too."

They interlocked their hands. Sandi's cat eyes lit up the room.

Soon they began making out. It was as if they both hadn't seen each other in years. As Joe kissed her his hands found her boobs. Her tits were big enough so he could put both nipples together and suck on them as they rubbed on each other. He could tell Sandi enjoyed him doing that. Next he pulled one boob up as he kissed the nipple, then her, then the nipple. As if she knew, on the next kiss her neck moved a little lower, and Joe began to lift her nipple a little higher. Within seconds they were sharing her nipple between their tongues.

Joe felt himself rock hard in seconds. This was so fucking sexy. Watching her tongue going back and forth across her own nipple was just fucking amazing to him. 

"Have you ever done that before?" he asked.

"Never."

"Really?"

"Really, it never crossed my mind." 

"Wow," was all he could say. "What do you think?"

Sandi just smiled, bent her neck down and pointed her chin at her nipple. Joe pulled the nipple back up and she licked it again and again between kisses. 

It was too much. Joe stood up and pushed her down on her back. He spread her legs open as he put a knee on each side of her head. Being on his hands and knees over her caused gravity to help his cock refill even more. Sandi spread her legs even more wide open as he made way for her pussy. At the same time she took his newly hard cock back into her mouth. 

Joe felt hands on each ass cheek pulling him into her mouth, encouraging him to thrust down. Her head had nowhere to go, it would have to accept his red hard dick with each stroke. Joe dove into her pussy trying to get in rhythm with her, but found it impossible. This was because with each upstroke Sandi raised her neck up in such a way so his cock was continually sucked. And as he had already found out, she was not only really, really good at this but she loved it as well.

"Ummmm," he heard her moan.

"Oh god," was all he could reply.

Joe took a giant suck on her pussy, taking the entire set of lips in and sucking hard just as he spurted again in her throat.

He had to lie down as his body again cracked and heaved. 

As they faced each other's privates Joe looked Sandi in the eyes.

Joe laughed. "A hundred and twenty percent? That was more like two hundred and fifty."

Sandi smiled and as she did he noticed a large drop of his thick goo on the corner of her lip.

"Wait," he said, reaching for a tissue from the bed stand, "You've got a.."

As he reached over Sandi's tongue came out, licking up the gooey prize. 
