 The phone on my bed stand began to ring as I was applying the last bit of liner to my eyes. I finished the line...ending it at the corner in a little upturn, giving me that Cleopatra sultriness I was known for. When I picked up the phone all I heard was static. "Hello? Hello?" I asked, getting no response. 

"Pervert," I muttered...then approached my closet to pick out the perfect outfit that would cling to my tight body.

I selected a simple black dress made of a clingy material with skinny straps that criss-crossed in the back. I opted to forget underwear and a bra since it was a muggy night, and besides...I loved the feel of the material against every inch of my silky tanned skin. I would have to remember not to bend over at the waist since the hem of the skirt is slightly short. I also decided not to put band-aids over my perky nipples because tonight I was into the feel of letting my body be itself. I then put on my strappy black platforms, grabbed a sweater from the closet in case a cold wind appeared and stepped out into the garage. I hopped in my car and I was off to meet my friends at our favorite club Tropic.

I joined the line outside Tropic and quickly made my way to the front where the bouncer, whom I had fucked one night in a drunken frenzy, frisked me only to find that there was nothing on me but my thin dress and shoes. His eyes lit up as he looked me over and I looked at the front of his pants...noticing that his monster cock was making a tent. I leaned up to his chest, pressing my 34C tits into him, and whispered in his ear, "In the alley, 12 am." I licked his neck, feeling my pulse quicken and my pussy start to moisten. He wasn't bad looking at all with his big muscles, dark hair, and I was really horny for the big cock bulging through his pants. His name was Rick and he just smiled at me and nodded, then pointed inside the club so I went on in to meet up with my friends, Kitty and Lacey. 

I went straight for the bar and ordered 3 shots of tequila, signaling my girlfriends on the other side of the bar. They came over, Kitty in her belly-baring tank top and hip huggers, and Lacey in her black slinky pants and tube top. Kitty tossed the shot back and gave me a huge smile as I tossed mine back. I immediately remembered the night before when she and I had been licking deep into each other's sweet pussies and cumming all over her satin sheets. I leaned over and licked the last of the tequila from her lush lips and ran my fingers through her long curly blonde hair. I stepped back and smiled at Lacey, whom I didn't know well but definitely wanted to fuck soon. Lacey had the huge tits, like a 36D or something and so curvy and petite with creamy skin and long black hair. The look in her sparkling green eyes told me I was going to get my wish sooner rather than later.

The three of us were soon on the dance floor rubbing all over each other and drawing the eye of every horny man in the club. I had my hands all over Kitty as she ran her hands through my shoulder-length black hair, pulling it and me toward her to nibble at my lips and make the juices drip down my thighs. All this got me so hot I almost forgot the time but not quite! I hurried off the dance floor and through the crowd. I went out the back exit to meet up with Rick.

As I was waiting I heard the door open behind me. I chose not to turn around, deciding a nice fuck from behind would make me cum so fucking hard. I was contemplating this when I was suddenly pressed against the wall and my hands brought behind my back. I could feel the warm brick through my dress, scratching at my nipples and making me moan. I heard a voice that wasn't Rick's say, "I saw you dancing with your friends. Rick told me you would be out here so I decided to take his place." 

His voice was right next to my ear, which made me shiver. I felt one of his hands let go of mine as he ran it over my hip to my ass. He slid it down my thigh and then began to lift my skirt up over my tight ass.

"Mmmmm baby you got one hell of an ass," he said as his hand began to undo his fly and then I felt a smooth, hard cock slap against it.

His hand began to travel up to my tits as he rubbed his cock between my thighs, getting it wet with my juices. I felt my nipple being pulled and I start to moan. 

"Ohhh god I'm going to fuck you so hard bitch," he groaned as he bent me over a bit and shoved his cockmeat hard into my hungry pussy. I yelled as he let go of my hands and gripped my hips to thrust deep into me. My body shook with the force of the pounding and I started to moan even more. 

"Ohhh god! Fuck me you asshole! Harder damnit!" I screamed.

I could feel his nails digging into my hips, making me wince but at the same time even more excited with the pain/pleasure feel of it. I began to play with my clit, rubbing it around and round. I had to brace myself against the wall with one arm...feeling it dig into my delicate skin. I pushed my ass back feeling him grinding into my pussy as I began to cum. I could feel my cum drip down my legs as wave after wave of pleasure shook my body.

Just when I though I would collapse he pulled out of my pussy and began to rub the juices from my pussy against my tight asshole with his cockhead. Before I knew it he shoved it into my ass, stretching me and making me gasp from the sensation. He started to push in and out of my slippery ass and I could feel myself getting hotter.

"Oh fuck me baby, make me cum!" I yelled, then began to furiously rub my clit some more. I groaned as I started to cum for the second time.....my ass and pussy both clenching as my body shivered with my orgasm.

My ass clenched around his ramming cock as I heard him groan his release as well. He unleashed what seemed like a load of cum into my tight ass as I was on the verge of collapse from the strength of my orgasm.

I leaned against the wall trying to catch my breath while he pulled out and tucked himself back in his pants.

He gave my ass a huge whack, said "Thanks" and then I heard the door open and the music from the club filled the alley. I pulled down my dress and walked back into the club, going straight for the bathroom, where I cleaned up the cum dripping down my shaking legs.