 The hot Nevada sun blinded her as she stepped out on the street, fishing in her bag for her sunglasses. 

Suddenly a low rumbling, like a squadron of vintage fighter planes, began to grow louder. She turned to see a gang of motorcycles roaring down the highway toward her, two abreast. Each bike had two riders, a black leather-clad man in front and an equally leather-clad woman behind. 

One motorcycle, on the inside lane, had only one rider, a grizzled man of indeterminate age, sporting a long, black beard, sleeveless jeans jacket over a tight white t-shirt, and red bandana tied around his forehead. His face turned toward her as he passed, eyes obscured by mirrored shades. She watched as he glided over to the shoulder of the road, then after the last pair of cyclists had passed, made a long, slow arc back to where she stood on the side of the road, watching him. He passed her to turn once again, making a smaller circle, then stopped next to her, facing the westerly direction the rest of the gang had taken.

"Hop on," he commanded, but with a smile in his voice.

The thin leather cobra seat felt good on her bare pussy. He hit the throttle as she placed her arms around his beefy chest and she felt the rush of acceleration. The vibration from the powerful two cylinder engine through the seat sent a wave of pleasure through her loins. 

"Are you ready?" he called over the roar of the engine.

"Are you?" Victoria answered, and they took off.

At first it was the intoxicating rush of speed, motion, and wind, whipping her hair around her head like a thousand sparrows. Then she got used to that, got used to the hair and sound of wind roaring by, the low rumble of the engine beneath her, between her smooth tight thighs. It was then she noticed that the slight tingling in her crotch was becoming more insistent. What had been an insect buzzing and alighting on a flower was now a bumblebee, now a hummingbird, now becoming wilder and going deeper. The tingle began to spread, radiating out from her clit like the spreading stain of spilled wine on a white tablecloth.

Her thighs were getting hot but she couldn't tell if it was from the cylinders firing beneath her or the molten liquid rising from the well of her womb. Her calves tingled, all the way down to the toes in her sandals. She flexed her butt muscles and the wave of pleasure intensified. She became conscious of her nipples standing out rock hard through the thin silken fabric of the black nightgown she was still wearing under the rabbit fur coat. She hugged the biker tighter pressing her tits into the back of his jacket. Could he feel her hard nipples? She pressed harder while pulling him into her with her arms. Clenching the seat with her thighs she ground into the leather and let the first orgasm wash over her body. He grinned as her grasp around him tightened, then released.

"First time on a Harley?" he asked with a slight laugh.

"Oh yeah..." she mustered, giggling. "Oh yeah."

The orgasmic pattern repeated every fifteen miles or so. Slow build up. A tingle spreading up her spine. Wetness between her legs, a pool of honey. The widening spread of warmth. Tightening, clenching, building. Then a rush of release, a dam breaking, her thighs squeezing his hips for all she was worth. Then breathing again, a sigh that shuddered her body. When they finally stopped for gas she felt as if she'd melted onto the seat. As she staggered toward the restroom she wondered if everyone could smell the pussy smell that filled her nostrils.

She emerged wearing a fresh pair of jeans and tight pink low-cut t-shirt. And panties.

"Where are you headed?" the biker asked.

"Where are you going?" Victoria countered.

"The Red Dog Saloon in Virginia City, some friends of ours have a gig there tonight. We should get there before dark, it's only about another 300 miles."

Victoria felt her knees begin to buckle.

"Are you okay?" he asked, concern wrinkling the parts of his face she could see between his bushy beard and shades. 

"I've been coming like a motherfucker, I don't know if I'll survive four or five more hours of this. But goddamn I'll try!"

"We'll stop every couple of hours to gas up and piss, you'll be okay," he smiled, kindly. "We'll crash at the Farm tonight and you can recuperate in the hot spring. It's totally mellow. In the meantime, have one of these," he said, handing her a piece of dried mushroom. She placed it on her tongue, closed her lips around it, and began to chew it gently.

"That'll take the edge off a bit," he said, pushing her hair behind her ear then stroking the back of her head softly. "I'm Eddie."

"I'm Victoria" she answered.

"You're a pretty girl."

She closed her eyes and smiled. "I'm a kitten," she said and began to purr.

Her eyes were still closed as they pulled out of the gas station and onto the highway. Aretha had been playing on the diner's jukebox as they walked out -- 'I ain't never loved a man' -- and the song continued to play in Victoria's brain as they hit highway speed. The biker revved the engine and her thighs awakened -- 'the way that I -- love you' -- and as the horns opened up so did Victoria's sex. She kissed his scruffy neck and sang along with Aretha. The shroom was kicking in and the first orgasm washed over her gently and lingered rather than receding. The wind made it feel like the top of her head was open and life was pouring in to infuse her body with joy and wonder. She opened her eyes and legs and could see everything at once with complete knowledge of its past, present, and future.

By the time they rolled into the Red Dog the sun had set after politely asking her permission, which she freely and generously had granted.

***

They could hear the steady beat of dirty electric blues as they glided up to the front of the Red Dog. The double front doors were open wide to the summer night air. Suddenly Eddie revved his engine and vaulted up the curb to the open door and nosed his cycle in, engine running. The band kept playing, as if this was a normal occurrence. The lead guitarist, a dark-tanned boy of eighteen or nineteen with blond curly hair tumbling out from under a battered cowboy hat, looked up with recognition. He nodded to Eddie, who waved back.

"Come on in," the guitarist said into the mic, and with that Eddie hit the gas and the bike shot into the bar with a deafening roar. Victoria held on for dear life as patrons scattered in either direction. Eddie pulled the bike up to the far end of the bar and cut the engine. The band never missed a beat.

The blues song continued, but it didn't sound like any blues rock Victoria had ever heard. The drummer, short and stocky and playing shirtless, was riding his bass drum between the primary beats on the toms. The bass player, sporting a Fu Manchu and an obvious erection, was playing hardly any notes at all. Eddie's friend was in his own world, bending notes and pointing his Telecaster toward the amp, drawing an other-worldly screech that bounced off the ceiling. Off to the side an electric organist held down long, eerie notes that ran under the other instruments like a river. 

Kaleidoscopic patterns of colors vibrated against the wall, pulsing with life, adding to the surreality. Victoria had never heard a live rock band before. It didn't sound anything at all like the music on the top 40 AM station out of Dallas. It wasn't just live -- it was alive, a living, breathing creation of its own momentum. She was spellbound. Eddie had silenced the bike and now led her to a table near the front. The music, the lights, the smoke, the laughter, everything spun around her and wove a blanket of stunning peace. "It's beautiful," was all Victoria could say.

Eventually the band strummed its last chord and the let the sound ring into the night.

"It's a little late to roll into the Farm, but we can stay in the Red Dog guest house tonight, are you cool with that?" Eddie asked. Without his shades Victoria could see the deepest brown eyes she'd ever seen. 

"Sure, that's groovy," Victoria said. She had never wanted a man like she wanted Eddie at that moment. 

They had their tongues down each other's throats while they were still on the guest house porch. She pulled his jacket off, then his t-shirt, as he relieved her of her shirt and began to devour first one breast, then the other, circling each nipple with the tip of his tongue then sucking hard on the whole areola. She unbuckled his belt and unzipped his jeans, but could only pull them down as far as his boots. Laughing she pulled his briefs down and dodged as his hard dick sprung up toward her face. She immediately began to go down on his dick, sucking harder than she'd ever sucked anything in her life. 

It was a thick cock and no matter how wide she opened her mouth, she could only take about an inch in past the head. She gripped the base of his cock with her hands and tried to simulate a pussy. She remembered the circular hand technique she saw the gay guy doing on the surveillance monitor in Vegas. From Eddie's moans she could tell it was working.

Eddie pushed her face off his dick and lifted her up. "Let's get in bed, I want to fuck your brains out girl," he said with an anguished sigh. Victoria pulled her jeans off then helped Eddie hop through the front door, his jeans bunched around his boots. Laughing they fell to the floor of the cabin in a heap.

Naked now, Victoria pulled his boots off, first one then the other. Now that he was stripped she could see that his legs, ass and torso were as pale as his neck and arms were tan. He was medium height but all muscle. She grabbed his tight ass with both hands and squeezed -- they hardly gave an inch.

Eddie then picked her up off the ground and carried her to the bed in the corner of the one-room cabin. Throwing her down roughly, he leapt on top of her and began to burrow between her legs with his steel-hard prick. She was wet and slippery and he glided in effortlessly. His thick cock stretched her pussy lips wide and made her gasp. Wrapping her legs around his butt, she fucked back stroke for stroke.

"I wanna take you from behind," he growled, with a low voice that she had not heard before. He pulled out and she turned over, lifting up on all fours. He grabbed the sides of her hips and wedged his thighs between hers to open her up. Then she felt his cock sliding into her pussy deeper than anything had ever penetrated her before. He pumped a few times, hard, then settled into a steady rhythm. She looked down at her tits, which were bouncing back and forth in a circular pattern. Each of his thrusts pushed her forward and she pushed back to take his cock deeper, then deeper still. She could feel his balls slap against the upper part of her vagina, but soon they were too tight to slap; she found that if she arched her back in a certain way, she could grind her sex on that now firm mound at the base of his dick. It was only a brief moment of tingling, but the harder and faster he pumped, the more frequent the sensation. She closed her eyes and let the rocking obliterate her mind.

"Hey," she heard a voice say.

It was the guitar player.

"Hey," Eddie replied, continuing to fuck Victoria. 

"Okay if I crash here too?" the guitar player said.

"Vic, this is Tommy. We used to play in band together.

"Hi Vic," Tommy said, grinning.

"Hi," Victoria managed, not sure what else to say. Eddie's cock felt too good to stop, and as the moment continued, she realized she didn't mind being watched while she fucked. In fact, she kind of liked it. She moved her arms back a little so that her tits were more visible to the onlooker.

"Sure, you can crash here buddy," Eddie said, answering his question casually, as if this was a common occurrence. "But, you really need to check this pussy out. It's amazing. It's so fucking wet and tight." He said the latter sentence casually as well, as if this was not the first time he'd offered to share.

Victoria noticed that Tommy was already rubbing his cock through his jeans. She smiled. He was cute. What the hell.

Tommy unzipped his jeans and pulled down his pants and briefs in the same motion. He was semi-erect, and began stroking his cock while watching Eddie pump Victoria from behind. With his free hand he reached over and squeezed her left tit, pinching her nipple. Victoria moaned.

She wanted Tommy to fuck her too but she could see he needed to be harder. With a tilt of her head she motioned for him to approach her. He took a step forward and positioned his hardening member in front of her face. Victoria opened her mouth wide, invitingly. Tommy slid his cock between her lips and she closed them around him, sucking. Soon he was thrusting into her mouth in time with Eddie's thrusts up her cunt.

Tommy grew long and hard inside her mouth. She was starting to gag. With Eddie pounding her from behind and her hands on the bed holding her up, there was nowhere for her to go. She could feel her tits swinging together in rhythm to the multiple fucking, a different pattern than when she was just getting pumped from behind. She was completely open, completely penetrated, two cocks sliding in and out of her, two sets of bouncing balls full of cum ready to fill her full of white hot sticky semen. She could feel the tension rising in their muscles. The thrusts were coming faster and faster.

Suddenly Eddie pulled out of her cunt. "You've got to fuck this pussy man!" he said with a moan tinged with regret. Tommy pulled away from her mouth, gripping his dick and continuing to stroke it. Quickly they changed places. Eddie was first in place with his thick cock. Her jaw had already started to ache with Tommy's more slender member; she didn't know how much more she could take, staring at the huge cock in front of her. 

Just then Tommy entered her pussy from behind. His cock wasn't as thick and slid into her juicy pussy easily, but she soon discovered it was longer. His thrusts seemed to extend even deeper than she thought possible. Just then Eddie's cock was at her lips, and she opened wide to take as much of it as she could. 

Thankfully, Eddie exploded almost immediately. She could feel his hot load hitting the back of her throat and filling up her mouth. She swallowed as much as could, then took a deep breath through her nose since her mouth was completely filled with the meat of Eddie's huge cock. She felt another burst of cum released from his rod. Another mouthful of cum that she tried to swallow but she could feel some of it was spilling out onto his cock and dripping down to her chin in thick globs. He gave a long, agonizing moan. Another load of cum spurted out and this time she had to pull her mouth off and let the cum hit her on the cheek, chin, and neck. Eddie grabbed his dick, stroked it a couple of times, and released another load that leapt up onto the back of her head into the tangled mass of her hair. Then he guided his hard cock onto her face, rubbing the soft head into the cum on her cheeks and chin, rubbing it in, painting a white, sticky masterpiece as his semen continued to ooze out.

At this point Tommy's thrusts had reached a fevered pitch. As she cried out Eddie thrust his still hard dick back into her mouth, filling it and muffling her cries. Suddenly Tommy's thrusts slowed but pounded into her deeper and harder; with each thrust he let out a yell as his cock exploded. She could feel Tommy's hot cum spurting deep into her pussy and beyond. Four massive thrusts, five, six. Then he was still.

Silence. Victoria could feel her heart pounding and could feel two cocks throbbing inside her, all to the same beat. Pulling out, Tommy collapsed on the bed to one side of her and Eddie plopped down on the other. Victoria lay down between the two young men and, full of their cum, felt as if their dicks were still inside her. She closed her eyes. Reaching down, she placed a hand on each of their cocks, holding them gently. The penises were soft now but drops of cum still oozed out onto her hand. A cock in each hand. As she drifted off to sleep she remembered the chewing gum commercial: 'double the pleasure -- double the fun.' The Doublemint Twins were always smiling. Now, Victoria realized, she understood why.

***

Victoria awoke to rays of sunlight streaming through the curtainless cabin windows. A naked boy lay on either side of her. She grinned to think of the show they may have put on the previous night for anyone leaving the saloon who happened to pass by the windows of the guest cottage. She thought of the hidden cameras at the casino hotel -- she had discovered that the thought of being watched while she fucked turned her on.

Eddie and Tommy looked so sweet as they slept, in contrast to the animalistic pounding they'd given her the night before when she was skewered between their two hard dicks. Tommy's cock, though soft, was long and lay upon his stomach halfway to his belly button. Eddie's cock was more of a "grower, not a show-er" -- only the head peeked out of his thick pubic hair. But Victoria knew that it could grow to enormous proportions. She had had a hard time taking very much of into her mouth the night before. But there it was, soft and small and cute -- she had to taste it and now was the perfect time while it wasn't hard and thick. Leaning over, she took it between her lips and ran her tongue around its tip, before closing around it with her mouth. She felt Eddie stir, awakening, and she felt his cock awakening too. Slowly but perceptibly, she felt it come alive. Soon it would be too big to contain but for now she wanted to take the whole of it and kept her mouth closed around it. She heard Eddie give a sigh of pleasure. The cock was growing deeper into her mouth but she kept her face buried in the tangle of his man bush. She could also feel it getting thicker and fatter as it got longer.

She had started reading the zen book that Jake had given her, and was conscious of what it said about right breathing, focus, and rhythm. Eddie's cock now completely filled her mouth but she was able to breathe through her nose, in, then out... in, then out. As if understanding what Victoria was trying to do, Eddie didn't thrust but instead let the erection unfold on its own. Now his giant member was deep in her throat. It had grown to fill the space so gradually that Victoria felt perfectly comfortable. Even though she wasn't tripping, she felt as one with Eddie, his manhood filling her mouth and mind, her throat taking him in and making him a part of her.

Not wanting to ignore Tommy, Victoria reached her hand over and placed it on Tommy's reposing cock. She began to lightly stroke it. Tommy, too, awakened as his dick began to quiver. Very quickly it stood to attention as Tommy reached down to caress his balls. She could feel that Eddie's balls were already tight, his erection having drawn the skin taut, and Tommy's were doing the same. It was game time.

Victoria slowly withdrew her mouth from Eddie's cock as he moaned, but immediately she mounted it, her wet pussy sliding effortlessly onto his rock hard shaft. She slid it all the way up her pussy, filling her, and began to grind against it. Tommy got up and, standing on the mattress, positioned himself over Eddie so that his hard cock was right in front of Victoria's face. She opened her mouth and let Tommy slide it in between her parted lips. Holding her head with his hands, Tommy began to fuck Victoria's mouth to the same rhythm as she rode Eddie's cock. 

Eddie grabbed her butt cheeks in each hand and began to thrust his pelvis up to meet Victoria's pussy as it came down on his dick, intensifying the waves of pleasure radiating from her sex. His bucking became harder and faster, harder still and even faster, and then with several enormous thrusts she felt his warm cum shooting up inside her as he moaned with each release. At the same time Tommy's thrusts became harder and as Eddie was coming, Tommy pulled his cock out of Victoria's mouth and vigorously pumped it with his hand, shooting hot semen on her mouth, chin, neck, and breasts. Victoria could feel Eddie's cum being forced down and out of her pussy by his pumping cock, as Tommy's cum dripped down her neck and between her tits. 
