 It had been a long time since they had been out on a real date so she wanted this one to be special. She decided to wear a long black skirt with a slit up the side and a red silk blouse that covered her large breasts snugly. The skirt was long enough that she didn't have to wear hose so she decided to go bare. The thought of being without panties in public was a turn on! She didn't dare not wear a bra though because her 42DDD breasts were simply too large to be "perky" and so she put on a black lace underwire that allowed her nipples to show through. She put his favorite perfume on in various places including the mound of hair above her pussy because she knew his nose would eventually be there that night. She also place some under each breast and in the crack of her ass. There wasn't a part of her body she didn't want him to explore tonight. 

When she walked into the living room his eyes lit up. He knew she had dressed to get his attention and her efforts weren't wasted. As she stood in the light he could see through her shear skirt and wondered if she was wearing anything underneath it. He hoped not. His eyes traveled up to her chest where he couldn't miss her hard nipples standing out through the silk. He felt his cock respond to all that he was seeing but he knew they had reservations and needed to go. There would be time to play later. 

Their table was ready when they arrived at the small Italian restaurant. This was one of their favorite places because there was a corner booth in the back that was very romantic and very private. They were escorted to the table and they slid in close to each other. He ordered wine but she asked for an Amoretto Sour because she knew it came with a cherry.

Soon their drinks came and they toasted the evening and their love. While they made small talk she very deliberately removed the cherry from her drink and dangled it in front of her mouth. Slowly she stuck out her tongue and circled the cherry several times. She could see the excitement build in his eyes but without a word the cherry disappeared below the table. While they continued their conversation she inserted the cold fruit deep inside her hot pussy. The feel of her fingers inside herself was a turn on but she knew she couldn't give in to her needs just yet. After placing the cherry deep inside her hole she withdrew her fingers and put them up to his nose. Once again, she saw the excitement in his eyes. He immediately opened his mouth and began to lick the pussy juice from her fingers. Slowly he sucked on each one and she thought she would cum right then! 

The waiter arrived with their salads so the mood "cooled" a little. The meal was excellent as always and both of them really enjoyed this time to reconnect. They both had busy lives and busy schedules and so it was hard sometimes to find the time to just talk. Communication was part of their strong bond and they were wise enough to know when they needed to recharge the energy between them by having a special night set aside. 

Dinner was very filling so they passed on desert but ordered after dinner coffee. As she stirred her cream with one hand she reached between her legs and pulled out the cherry. It was now very warm and coated in her pussy juice. Just as he was about to take a sip of coffee she dangled the cherry in front of him. It was glistening in the light, covered in her milky juice. He watched as she put the precious fruit in her mouth and then leaned forward to kiss him. He felt her tongue exchange the cherry from her mouth to his and he could taste the sweet nectar of her pussy on it. Now his cock was at full attention. Thank goodness he didn't have to stand up any time soon! 

The long sensual kiss ended but she knew what she wanted to do now. As they began talking again she reached below the table and began stroking his crotch. As she expected, he was rock hard and ready for relief. She unzipped his pants and reached in to release his cock from the torturous restrictions of his underwear. He moaned as she began stroking the member. It was somewhat dry and while she was daring, she didn't think she could get away with going down on him here. She reach between her legs where there was plenty of juice to lubricate him. He smiled when he realized what she was doing. Now that his shaft was wet she began stroking it, squeezing it, milking it. She caressed his balls and then began probing his ass hole. His moans became louder and she had to remind him where they were. Slowly at first and then faster she stroked his cock. His precum was evident now and she knew it wouldn't be long before he shot his load. Thank goodness the table would prevent it from shooting to the ceiling! She could feel him swell, She knew he was close so she stuck her finger up his ass while she squeezed and stroked simultaneously, trying to give him the feeling of being sucked. The end result was what she hoped for. He began to buck in the booth and she felt the warmth of his cum all over her hand. Slowly his hardness turned to a soft mound of flesh in her hand. "Are you ok?" "What do YOU think?", he said with a sexy hoarseness in his voice. She knew this had been a particularly intense experience for him and that was a turn on for her. She couldn't wait to get home because her clit was hard and her pussy was hot! Pleasing him always turned her on. After using the cloth napkin to clean him she gently tucked his now soft prick back into his pants and then while he watched she slowly licked the cum off her fingers and they turned back to their coffee and conversation. 

He looked into her eyes and realized how lucky he was. He also knew her well enough to know what they had just done was a terrific turn on for her so he also knew she was in agony right now. He called for the waiter and said, "I noticed we had fresh carrots in our salad. Would you be able to bring me a big uncut one from the kitchen?" Without a word the waiter just nodded and stepped away. He made a mental note to make sure the waiter got a very generous tip! 

In a few minutes the waiter returned with one of the biggest carrots they had ever seen! When they were alone again he took the carrot from the plate and brought it below the table. Without a word she spread her legs eagerly and moaned as he placed the huge vegetable inside her. It was cold and hard as he rammed it in her hot pussy. His thumb stimulated her clit with each thrust and she felt herself coming to a frenzy. She just had to concentrate on keeping her screams down. After all, there were other people around! Faster and faster he fucked her with the carrot and she knew it wouldn't be long before she would have to give in to the orgasm her body was begging for. But this was such a unique turn on! To be fucked in a restaurant with a vegetable…how many people can say they have had that experience? 

Her nipples were so hard they hurt and she was dripping pussy juice all over herself. Thank goodness her skirt was black because she knew she would have a wet spot when she stood up. He continued to probe her with the carrot and she felt her muscles contract around the hard object as if it were a prick. This was so good! However, she knew the time had come for her to let go. He sensed she was ready and increased his stimulation of her clit. All of a sudden she exploded in sexual pain. He continued to pump her hard until she begged him to stop. Shivers went all over her body and she felt like she was about to pass out. Damn that was intense! 

As she had done for him, he took a cloth napkin and wiped her dry. Her clit was so sensitive at that moment she almost came again but she was actually to spent. However she knew by the time they got home she would be ready again and the look on his face as he gently stroked over her pussy told her he would be too. 

This time he asked the waiter for the check. They both composed themselves and made sure they were properly clothed to leave. At the door the hostess asked them if they enjoyed their meal. In unison and with a lot of enthusiasm they said in unison, "Oh yes! We will be back for sure."