 The second part of this story is dedicated especially to a Lit reader named “Baby gurl!” She was nice enough to sent me a great note on part A. Thanks for your sexy note asking for part 2 of the story “Baby gurl” here it is. It’s mail like hers, which keeps us all writing these stories. Write me again and let me know how you like the second part.

After a break from their first round of sex, she made them drinks and they refreshed their minds and bodies. She stood there smiling at him, as her pussy still throbbed from his mouth and tongue. He told her: “I have to have you. I have to have you now.” 


Her lover held her against the wall in the living room as he dry humped her body. His cock was like a rock and his need was so great. She bit and sucked on his tongue deep in her mouth feeling his cock rubbing against her!

“Oh fuck I feel like I'm on fire!” she moaned as she saw his hand pull her blouse up fast and yanking her bra down. Her lovely young breasts exposed now, she heard her bra rip as he lower it under them. 

His hands squeezed the twin globes together hard leaving handprints on them. She moaned as her nipples grew and grew under his hard but loving touch. His eye saw the pink needles pointing out at him and he bent his head and licked his lips and tongue over them. There was fire in both of their eyes and she moaned: "Oh God! Suck them! Suck them both! NOW suck them! Suck them hard" 

His mouth was already on them making them grow even harder, thicker and longer. He began sucking as hard as he could biting and puling on the soft round bullet of nipple sticking out wanting his touch. She cried out as his teeth bit and sucked to hard. He didn't seem to care he greedily squeezed and lifted them to his mouth as he sucked both nipples in at the same time and bit them. His hands held them both high and squeezed them together so his mouth could suck on both nipples at the same time. . 

She pulled his hair and pressed his face into her beautiful young tits. Her nipples, like her pussy, were screaming for stimulation. Her lower body began humping her pussy on his leg that was shoved up tight between hers. “Oh god baby! Oh fuck! I’m so hot for you!! I have to have you have you now! Oh fuck! OH God fuck me!” she moaned as his mouth sucked and his tongue licked. Then, she held his head as he started to lick down her body! 

She was moaning and grinding her pelvis against his hardness as his mouth slid and licked his way down her young creamy skin! As he moved closer to her stomach now he heard her moan and say: “Lower, lick me lower baby! Lick my pussy again!” He smiled as his mouth traced wet marks down her skin. Then he licked over her belly ring, as his chin tried to push her skirt down her hips. 

She held his head and push as both of his hands came back up to cup and squeeze her breasts hard again. "Oh yes! Eat me! Eat my pussy! GOD! I’m on fire! Oh god hurry! Hurry! Shit! Here let me help you!” she said as she used her hands to lift and hold her short skirt up for him.

He smiled up at her as his fingers rubbed her pussy against her panties. She said: “Pulling them down! Pull them down! Rip them if you have too baby. She spread her legs trying to give him more room but her panties stopped her. As he heard her cry out with her need he licked around her leg opening of the panties. 

Her passion was so high she felt like she would scream when she felt his mouth cover her wet panty patch between her legs. She opened her legs wider still for him giving him full access to her wetness. His fingers and mouth rubbed her cunt as he looked up into her face. Her eyes showed her lust as he looked inhaled the musk coming from between her thighs. Her panties were soaked as his mouth watered and his hands pulled at the material surrounding her cunt. She said: “ Rip them!”

He did He ripped her panties off her legs and let the material fall to her right foot. She stood legs wide and her hands on his head as he moved into her pussy. 

She grabbed and held his head shoving it into her hot steaming snatch. “Eat me! Eat me!! Oh hurry! Lick my pussy! YES!!!!! YES! That's it!! OH!! YES!!!!! OH FUCK!! OH YES!! OH YES!! LICK IT!!! LICK IT!!!!!!! YESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!! GOD!!!!!!!!!!!!! YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!” 

He didn’t hear her, all he knew was the odor of her musk, feel of her wetness and the taste of her cum as it flooded his mouth. She began grinding her cunt into his face and he sucked on her pussy biting, licking and sucking on it. 

As she pumped and pumped his face holding it with her hands she sighed as her body fucked away on his mouth. She only wanted to get off. She had to satisfy herself on his wonderful tongue. It drove her wild with sexual pleasure.

She was like a witch trying to get all of his face up into her pussy hole. He continued to suck and lick her swollen cunt making her cry out again and again as orgasm after wonderful orgasm swept over her. She was fucking his face and screaming as he found her huge clit and bit down on it gently. His teeth held it in place as his tongue licked and licked over it faster and faster. She screamed with joy as her body stiffened. She squatted on his face and she climaxed hard against the mouth that wonderful mouth giving her pleasure. 

She shook and shivers ran over her as her orgasm moved over her again. Her legs began to give out just as her orgasm subsided. She pulled his head up and pulled, lifting him to a standing position. 

When he was standing she quickly wrapped her legs around his waist and began dry fucking him like she was under a magical spell. Fast and had she pumped her beautiful young body against him with a need that was driving her wild. If he didn’t fuck her now she was sure she would go completely insane. 

He held her under her ass and she used her hands to unzip his slack letting them drop to the floor. He stepped out of them. She moaned when she couldn't get his cock out of his shorts. He told her: "Ripped them! Rip them off baby!" 

She did, she ripped his boxes getting his swollen hard cock to jump out and stick straight at her. She giggled and smiled as she saw it come up towards her stomach. 

Once it was out she grabbed it hard with her hand and with one movement shoved her pussy on it. She felt the head slid into her opening and move up her wet warm tunnel. "OHHHHHH YES!", she screamed as she began to fuck him like a crazed animal.

Screaming and thrusting her hips into him again and again and again she had a need that she was going to fill even if it killed her with pleasurer. Her body was going crazy on his cock as he held her and arched his back. He slammed his cock as deep as it could go and as hard and fast as he could, trying to make her happy! 

She squeezed her thighs tighter around his body and wrapped her arms around his neck as their mouths attacked each other and their tongues fucked! God it was so hot. He was buried inside her. She cried out with a sound that was pure animal lust. As her body fucked away on his hard thick cock and she moaned and threw her head back and moaned more. Then a cry came ouot of her mouth from deep inside her body. It sounded like a cry of a wolf, in heat. Over and over and over again she rammed her pelvis and hips into his body taking his cock harder and harder with each thrust.

"Your cock! I need your cock NOW! GOD! Fuck me harder HARDER! HARDER! OH FUCK YES!!”’ she screamed as her body began to have a convulsion from the orgasm that was sitting just this side of pleasing her. She had to making her body cum. She knew she had to or she would go nuts with the lust and need in her pussy. IT throbbed. She had to cum! She had too!

She was hurting so bad and as his cocks rammed into her fast and hard. It felt so good! She held him tight fucking his cock ramming her cunt into him as hard and fast as she could get it to go. In and out in and out they worked together on her body giving her thrill after thrill.

Her mouth found his and she bit his lip drawing blood. She moaned in a very deep voice: “Deeper!! DEEPER!! OH GOD!! Fuck me! FUCK ME DEEPER! OHH! FUCK!! DO ME DEEPER!!"

He held her tight as his cock rammed and rammed into her as deep as he could get it. She cried out: "Oh yes! Oh god! I have to cum so bad! OH MY GOD!!!!! FUCK ME!!!!! YESSSSSS!!!!!!! LIKE THAT!! LIKE THAT!! DEEP!!! LIKE THAT!!! LIKE THAT!!!!! YESSSSSS!!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!! YES!!!!!!”

And he did. He knew she would be bruised around her hips tomorrow but today he would give her everything he had. He wanted her to cum because he knew she would give him such a fucking when she did cum.

Somehow they managed to get get on the floor with both of them going crazy on each other. As she lay under him now he drove his cock into her like a piston in a car. Slam, slam, slam, slam, slam, slam, again and again and again he drove it into her pussy with all the fullness and length his dick had.

Each time he slammed it into her the carpet they were laying on moved 2 or 3 inches. She had her legs around his body humping and humping into him as she screamed: “Harder! FUCK ME HARDER!” 

Like animals they continued to fuck each other as hard and as fast as they could make their bodies move. Finally, she arched her back, lifted her ass up off the floor and slammed her pussy on his cock as she rotated her hips and began to orgasm. 

He felt her creamy wetness cover his cock bathing it with her cum. He could also feel her pussy rotating and humping on his cock squeezing it tight as she climaxed. She cried out: “I love your cock! Oh fuck baby, give it to me! OH YES! OH FUCK YES! Give it all to meeeeeeeee!”

As she held both of them up in the air off the rug, fucking away on him, he could feel his tight nut sack beginning to release his load. He arched his back now as he slammed into her one last time and held it deep inside her pussy and he began to orgasm too! Shot after warm shot pushed his load of cum deep into her. Shot after wonderful shot released his need and built up lust into her filling her need.

The release was so good he had never felt any as powerful or as strong. She squeezed him tighter as she felt the first of many loads of cum deposited into her pussy! Each felt warm and bathed her swollen pussy walls as he filled her completely. 

As he began to pump again and the cum pushed out the sides of her cunt and run out her hold around his hard shaft and down between the crack in her ass.

“Oh fuck this is so good”, he moaned to herself!

She didn’t want it to end, wasn’t going to let it end. She wanted more, needed more, and more was what she was going to get. With one fast move she rolled them both over. 

Now, with him on his back, she was straddling his hips and her snatch has his cock buried all the way inside her. She began to ride his hard cock up and down as the cum began to run out her snatch on to his body. 

He was smiling up at her now with a lust he had never known before. "Fuck me baby! That's right ride, my cock. faster, pump faster! He was talking to her now saying: "Yea! Yea! That's it baby! Oh yea! Oh yea your pussy feels so good on my cock! You love this don't you! Ride my cock baby! Faster! Ride it faster! Yes! Oh yes just like that! Yes! Mumm! You’re so good! SO GOOD!"

As he reached up and held her breasts pulling on the nipples again and feeling the weight of her breasts. She threw her head back and began crying and moaning as she humped up and down on this big hard cock inside her pussy. She was under a spell, a sexual spell.

He saw her clit sticking out from under its hood all red and hard. He used his hand and fingers to stimulate it directly as she humped on his cock. In a fit of sexual rage she reached for his hand and held it tightly on her clit. She pressed his finger hard against it and rubbed as fast as she could. She pumped her young beautiful body on his swollen hard cock as her hand held his hand on her clit.

He was getting thicker now, and harder too! She realized he was going to cum again and she bent forward hanging her breasts down into his face. His mouth circled one nipple as his fingers yanked and pulled on the other one. She slowly her movements down and began to rock back and forth on his cock. She was trying to keep him from cumming so fast! She looked into his face and said: “Oh Christ! This is so good, so evil, so animalistic but so dam good! Don’t cum! Try to hold off! Don’t cum yet baby!” 

He moaned as he looked into her beautiful blue eyes. Her blonde hard hung around her head and tickled his chin. Her young beautiful body was wet with her sweet sweat. Her breasts were maybe 34 B but they sat high with no sag at all. She looked like she was 16 but she was 22. Her nipples were pink, hard and stuck out so far they almost looked like they were fake. Yet he knew they weren’t. He took each one in his hands and pulled on them to make sure. Her body was small maybe 5’3” yet so dam compacted, maybe 110 pounds. Her hips were not large like a schoolgirls. They complimented her round beautiful full young ass. That too was not large but perfectly shaped, round and very firm. 

He knew she had lifted them both up off the floor before when she had climaxed. They almost came together. As she rocked back and forth now, he looked at her mouth which was opened and he hear her grunting as she came down on his cock all the way again and again. From the sight of her beauty he knew he was going to have trouble holding back. 

He held her hips now as she pumped up and down and then rocked back and forth. She had been riding his cock for almost 20 minutes and they had been fucking like animals for almost an hour. 

She now had her eyes closed and she was smiling as she rubbed her cunt around on his cock that was buried all the way inside her. Squeezing and releasing squeezing and releasing her grip on it with the walls of her pussy! She teased him and teased him.

Her wonderful pussy was stimulating his body and she was lifting him to heaven. She was making gentle love to him now. After attacking each other like animals they were slowly fucking each other now. Their bodies locked together as she had him completely buried deep inside her pussy just feeling his hardness, his thickness deep inside her. Rocking back and forth over and over and over she moaned and sighed and cried out from the pleasure she was receiving.

His fingers continued to slowly stroking her clit. Not hard and not fast, his fingertips gently touched her very hard blood swollen clit button as she rocked. He felt like screaming and slamming his cock up into her. He wanted to cum that bad. But he also wanted her to receive maximum pleasure from this encounter. He wanted her to come back, to find him again like she did tonight! He wanted her to drive her pussy on his cock again and again. She was the most sex driven woman he had ever met. She wasn't the most beautiful but she had a sex drive which made him mad with lust and need. He wanted her again! This would not be a one nighter!

She was resting her hands on his chest as she rode him. He was squeezing her tits now like he was milking them as they hung down over his body! He moaned as he felt the fullness and softness of them! He loved breasts and the way they felt in your hand as you ran your fingers all over them. As his fingers and the palm of his hands cupped them, he sighed. Yes, he loved breasts!

And he loved what she was doing with his cock all the way up inside her beautiful young body. And, he could feel his balls tighten again and he was sure she was moving faster on him now too. They had began to work harder now towards another orgasm for both of them. 

She sat up on his cock now and began riding it up and down again. The walls of her pussy squeeze his cock’s shaft all the time now as she humped and humped and humped her pussy on it. He could hear her talking to herself or to him he wasn’t sure. She was saying: “Have to cum now! Oh yes! I have to get off! OH yes! Oh fuck! Oh this is so good! So good! Oh yes! Going to cum soon! Mummmm! God this cock feels so fucking good! YES! I'm Going to cum!!”

He held her hips and helped her pump up and down. Faster and faster they moved together. Closer and closer they moved towards a joint orgasm. And more and more they rammed harder against each other as the felling built and built and built! “Oh yes!!“, he cried out.” 

OH YES! OH FUCK YES!” she screamed as her orgasm hit her like a freight train hits a car!

It drover her on and on, wild with lust and passion. Harder and harder she slammed down on his thick hard cock. Harder and harder he thrust up into her as she came down. And then!

She felt his cum slamming deep inside her body again as his climax took over his body. That was all she needed to begin her own orgasm. She was going wild on his cock fucking him like he had never experienced before. She screamed: “ OH GOD YES! I'M CUMMING! OH YES! IT'S SO GOOD!! OH!! OH!! OH!! OH!! OH!!! OH!!! OH YES!!!! OH FUCK!!! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!”

She fell forward on top of him. He quickly rolled her over and began to thrust his cock into her pussy like a bull fucking a cow. He had shot his load but now he wanted to fuck her. He wanted to fuck her hard and fuck her long. He would fuck her cunt until he couldn't fuck it any longer. 

He began to ram and ram and ram his cock in to her and she screamed with delight as another orgasm took over her body and lifted her into a higher sexual plateau. 

Again and again he slammed into her cunt and again and again she lifted her body to meet and accept his cock! She screamed out with pure pleasure as another orgasm swept over her just as the last one started to subside. 

Higher and higher they climbed. Higher and higher she went into sexual pleasure. He moaned and moaned as his energy was beginning to fad. He slid his strong arms under her thighs and lifted her legs up and over her head. 

Now with her ass and pussy pointing to the ceiling, he began to give her all that he had left. Down into her cunt his cock drove. Almost straight down into her pussy he fucked her. Again and again his cock moved all the way into her body! She hung there resting on her shoulder, neck and head as he hammered her cunt! She loved it! 

She watched in amazement as this man fucked her like no one had ever fucked her before. She didn't know for how long he fucked her but finally he was done. He was completely drained. He thrust his cock one last time into her and held it there. His heart was beating so fast she could see it beating against his chest. 

He released her lehs and she lowered them and he slid between them. They kissed and slowly tonguing and holding each other. As she held him he sucked on one of her nipples like a child as his hand slowly stroked her wet slippery cum filled pussy. 

After a few minutes when they both had recovered from the sexual encounter, he began licking her neck and biting her ear gently. When he could breathe enough again, he whispered as he bit her gently: “I want to lick your pussy clean. I want to suck all the cum out of your pussy and eat you into another orgasm baby! Then I want you to suck my cock getting it hard again so I can fuck you doggie style!”

She moaned as she relaxed her arms and legs that had been holding him tightly against her body. She smiled as she felt his mouth move down her wet body and over her stomqach towards the pussy and between her thighs.

She opened them wide for his pleasure and her own. When she felt her cunt being sucked and licked, she knew this guy was a keeper.

Should I go on? Let me know!