 My wife and I visit a porn store with another couple. We watch video called "Eat the Seed". This leads to an interesting encounter at a gloryhole. 

My wife, Jill, and I have known Carl & Emma for years. We have gone camping together. Once, the four of us went to a beach resort in Puerto Rico for a vacation. Jill and I have been married for a little over eleven years, while our friends have been married for seven. All of us keep in good shape. My wife is 5'3" and has a nice set C-cup breasts, and a shapely butt. She and Emma are a contrast for Emma is 5'10", thin, small (but nice) A-cup tits, and a tight ass. Carl is, surprisingly, shorter than Jill coming at 5'8". He is rather muscular. I'm six feet tall, and am in good shape. 

Jill and I have a good sex life. We've tried lots of other things, but never with anyone else. She keeps her pubes trimmed and loves to ride my 7.5 inch cock. She always tells me that it is one the thickest dicks she's ever had. I love the way my wife sucks my cock and gulps down my cum. Sex has come up as topic with Carl and Emma every now and then. I learned via Carl that Emma gets really horny when she drinks. Also, Emma is a swallower; "A perfect 10" according to Carl. 

Our lives took an interesting turn on our most recent trip. We traveled to the southern part of the state and stayed in an old motel right off the highway. While not an interstate, the road saw a lot of traffic due to its proximity to a large lumber mill, and an army base. The town, consequently, was a bit rough-and-tumble, with a definite macho attitude due to its population being mostly young men. However, the surrounding hills were beautiful and full of lots of opportunities for hiking and mountain biking. These activities drew us to the area. 

The motel, while cheap, was clean and secure. It was built in the 1930s, when the highway came in. While added to and updated, it still had a very rustic feeling. The motel featured many cabins, one of which we rented. Entirely made of wood, it was charming with its high, beamed ceilings. It included a full kitchen, and a bathroom that had only a small shower. The owners had updated the wiring, added wifi, and a weird cable tv system that seemed to be a hodgepodge of local access and premium channels. The two bedrooms in the cabin were very small; they barely could accommodate a full-sized bed. Obviously, the bedrooms were carved out of the original large space of the cabin. The walls between the rooms were merely finished plywood, and upon closer inspection, did not entirely reach the ceiling. We could hear every thing Carl and Emma said, and when they shifted positions in bed. They could hear us too. 

We arrived at 9pm Wednesday. Because we ate on the road, once we got to the motel, we had no reason to leave that evening. The owner was a fount of information about the area, including where we should hike and bike, and that the best restaurant in the area was four doors down from the motel. He encouraged us to walk to it since it was easier than trying make turns onto the highway. He also told about a few features of the motel including the hot tub. Like so much with this old place, it had a unique set up. The hot tub was indoors in the main building. Because of this, we had to make a reservation to use it. We promptly booked a half-hour at 10pm. 

We went out to cabin and got settled. After a couple of glasses of wine, we headed to the hot tub room. It was a warm night, with temperatures still in the mid 80's. As we arrived, three men exited. The room was twelve by fifteen feet. It was obviously a converted motel room. Fortunately, it was well ventilated and rather clean. We relaxed and talked about the next day. I did notice Carl catching a glance or two at my wife's big tits. I didn't mind. When our time was up, we scolded ourselves for forgetting towels which the owner had said that we needed to bring with us. The night heat mostly dried us by the time we got back to the cabin. We all got to sleep quickly. 

The next day was beautiful, but unseasonably hot. We went for a great, all-day hike that both the guidebooks and the motel owner recommended. The lack of people on the trail, and heat lead Carl and me to take off our shirts when we got to some shade. Emma and Jill took off their shirts and hiked in their sports bras. Again, I noticed Carl checking out Jill's tits. In turn, I looked over Emma's tight, little ass. Upon returning to our room, we all took quick showers. 

Acting on the motel owner's recommendation, we decided to have dinner at the restaurant only a few doors down. It was still warm in the evening, and we dressed appropriately. Each of us wore shorts, and Jill wore a button-down shirt that she left rather unbuttoned. I could clearly see her "valley of interest" as could everyone else, especially when she bent over. Emma wore really tight and short shorts perfectly displaying her shapely butt. 

We walked to the restaurant, about half a mile away. It was five buildings over not four. In between the motel and restaurant were an industrial building, and a truck stop. Because it was set back a ways from the highway, the motel owner failed to mention the fifth building, "The Spice Warehouse". I had seen the sign when we drove in, but in my naïveté, thought it was some sort of distribution plant for spices like pepper and cinnamon. "The Spice Warehouse" was a combination sex shop, and strip club. And it was booming; the parking lot was full. 

As we passed by it, Jill giggled, "We should stop in on the way back to get some marital aides." We all laughed. 

The restaurant was quite good. We enjoyed the food and few cocktails. Our conversation roamed, but Jill brought back the idea of stopping by "The Spice Warehouse." All of us, including Emma, voice our agreement. 

After leaving the restaurant, we strolled back towards the hotel. I was holding Jill's hand when she steered me in the direction of the porn shop. I saw a moment's hesitation from Carl but Emma pulled on his hand and they followed us. 

The place was still quite crowded. Almost all the spots in the parking lot were full, and I notice a bunch of vehicles parked in the abandoned lot in back. The closer we got, the more I realized that the building was very large. "The Spice Warehouse" had a slogan out front; "Put some spice in your life." The building had one entrance. Inside of it you could turn either left or right. To the right was the porn shop. To the left was the strip club. The door to it was guarded by a huge guy behind a small dais. Despite his size, he looked like a nice guy and greeted us with a smile and a nod of his head. 

We all paused in the entryway then made our way into the porn shop. I have been in many such establishments before. This was one of the better ones. It had a large selection of everything, was well-lit, and most importantly, was very clean. About a dozen people were shopping. Predictably, most were guys, but there were two couples, and two women together. A very nice, middle-aged woman at the counter broke the silence and said, "Welcome to The Spice Warehouse folks. I'm Marybeth. Let me know if I can help you find anything." We thanked her. 

We perused the store, eventually making our way to the dildos and vibrators. Emma picked up a butt plug, and asked Carl, "Is this the same one I use on you?" 

Carl looked embarrassed, but smiled and said, "Yes." 

Emma turned to Jill and announced, "Carl likes it up the butt. I've been thinking about getting a bigger butt plug or even a strap-on." She moved to the strap-ons, and picked up one that was about 8 inches long and rather thick. "What do think, Hon? About right?" 

We all laugh. 

Carl smiled and replied, "Looks good." 

Emma asked my wife, "How about one for you guys?" 

Jill said, "Nah. Ben never has shown an interest. He likes the concept of chastity cages but he is too chicken to buy one so we can experiment." 

"Really?" asked Emma. "What's that all about?" 

"Ben wants me to lock up his cock then tease him. He is totally into humiliation." 

My face went flush with embarrassment. I couldn't believe my wife would tell my friends my sexual fantasies. 

All three of them looked at me. I could only smile and nod my head. More laughter. 

Eventually, Carl and I wandered toward the magazines and movies. I watched the women out of the corner of my eye. They were having fun. Every now and then they would pick up a dildo and whisper back and forth to each other then laugh. I noticed several of the other patrons checking out our wives too. At one point, the two women who were together starting talking to Emma and Jill. More giggles occurred. Eventually, one of the other women pointed to a set of curtains that I had failed to notice before then. Above it was a sign—"Video preview booths". 

I knew exactly what was behind the curtains—rows of booths showing pornos. I had visited a few in the past and always found them exciting. Once, I had encountered a gloryhole in a booth. At the time, I was ignorant as to what a hole was doing on the side wall of the booth. A finger had come through the gloryhole and then a voice told me to stick my cock through to the other booth. I did as I was told and received a fantastic blowjob. Gloryholes remained a secret obsession of mine; one I had never told Jill. 

We all were still a little tipsy, and I knew that Emma was horny. So it did not surprise me when our wives came over to us asked if we'd like to see a movie. Carl and I readily agreed. I knew the routine, so I went over to the counter. Marybeth sold me $20 worth of tokens. In a hush, I asked her if any of the booths had gloryholes. She got a big smile and said we should go to #7, on the right-hand side. 

The four of us moved toward the curtains. I gave everyone $5 worth of tokens. Emma and Jill asked what they were for. I explained that you feed them in the machines in each of the booths. The booths had tv screens that showed a number of different movies. 

Suddenly, the women started to get cold feet. I explained that they would be perfectly safe. Given how clean the store was, I told them that the booths would be nice. They agreed to check things out. 

I lead the way into what turned out to be a long hall. The entrance brought us to the center of the hall. Checking both ways, I noticed a good number of men hanging out to the left. Towards the right, I even saw a woman who was chatting with two big, black guys. There we booths on either side of the corridor. I mentioned to my wife and friends that the lights above the booths indicated whether they we in use or not. 

I lead the way to down the right half of the corridor. I skipped a few empty booths. We got to the middle of row and booth number seven. Fortunately, it was empty, as were booths six, eight, and nine. I opened up the door to reveal a very clean and nice, albeit small, booth. It did not smell. It had a fold-down bench. On the wall was a box of tissues and in the corner was a waste bin. Also, there were gloryholes on each side wall. I plunked a token in the machine and showed everyone how to change channels. 

Emma turned to Jill and said, "You stay here with me so we can get ideas about later." She giggled. 

I pointed out the lock on the door, and told everyone that as long as they kept the machine running with tokens, no one would bug them. 

Emma seemed visibly excited about the whole concept. 

I added, "We'll be on either side of you. Carl will be over here." I touched the right wall. "And I'll be over here." I touched the left wall. 

The women shoed me out of the booth, and quickly locked the door. Despite the noise of the video playing, we could clearly hear them talk. 

Emma said, "This is so exciting. I am so wet right now." 

Carl turned to go to his booth when I grabbed him and said, "Let's switch booths. It'll be fun." 

He paused. 

"The women will never know. We just have to make sure we're out of our booths before they are." 

He nodded okay. 

I continued, "When you see they are going to leave, get out quick." 

I went in the booth to the right of the women, and Carl went into the one to the left. 

The booth was quite small, maybe only three feet wide. Plenty of room for one person, but I figured the women were packed in tight. I fed a token into the machine and it started up. I turned the volume down to a tolerable level so that I could hear what was going on next door. The gloryhole was at waist height, and a little forward from the middle of the wall. I noticed a second hole on the wall between me and the wives; it was quite small and at eye level. I pressed my eye against it and could see most of what was going on next door. The gloryhole to Carl's booth was not in line with mine. It was a little backward. 

Sitting down on the bench, I could peer into Emma and Jill's booth and see what they were watching. They changed the channels a lot until they stopped on a movie that was just beginning. I changed my channel to the same one. The synced sound made it easier to listen the women's conversation. 

The movie was a fake documentary called, "Eat the Seed." It started with an older, but beautiful "doctor" sitting a lab. She explained, "For thousands of years, semen, or sperm or the seed, has been proven to have an aphrodisiac effect on women and men. But new studies, conducted in our labs, are proving that 'eating the seed' is actually good for your body." 

The screen split into two parts. The "doctor" remained as talking head in a bubble in one corner of the screen, while pornographic images made up the rest. This movie was unlike any porno I had seen before. Most of scenes were filmed in the "lab". The people involved, while good looking, were a variety of ages and body types. Scene after scene showed men ejaculating into women's mouths, while the "doctor" talked about all the good health effects. She said they had done a controlled study of 1,000 women over five years. A quarter of the women swallowed a load of sperm only once a month. A quarter did it once a week. Another quarter did it once a day. The last quarter did it three times a day. The doctor also mentioned they had a 1,000 in a control group who did not eat any seed for a year. 

Cum shot after cum shot played on the screen while the doctor continued. "What shocked our team was how much healthier the women who ingested the most seed were. We saw dramatic improvements in blood pressure, cholesterol, skin tone, and sometimes, weight." 

I was really horny. All those cum shots made my dick as stiff as a board. I pulled it out of my pants and slowly stoked it. I knew I was going to get laid later, but I was too worked up. 

I overheard the women talk. Jill said, "Wow, I like swallowing cum, but I didn't know it could be healthy for me." 

Emma said, "I wonder if my doctor can write me a prescription for it." 

The movie next cut to interviews of women on the street. I thought the women were actors but the movie made it seem pretty real. Each woman was asked if they "eat the seed". Unsurprisingly, all did. But I found fascinating was the variety of women they interviewed. There were some young 20-somethings, but a lot of women in their 40's, and some in their 60's. 

One group was obviously a daughter-mother-grandmother type. The younger two stood in shock when the grandmother said, "Oh, of course I do. I have ever since I knew how. My grandmother told me about and how good it was for me. I have had two doses a day for many decades. When my husband isn't around, I can usually get a nice mouthful from the guys who take care of my lawn. They are always up for a blowjob. I think swallowing sperm has really helped me remain in great shape." 

After a few more interviews, "doctor" returned to the screen. "The truly astounding part of our study is that swallowing sperm is not just beneficial to women; it helps out men too. We reluctantly added gay men to our study after a few years. Their lab results issued very similar findings compared to women." 

The screen, again, split. Now it showed men giving blowjobs to other men. Once again, the scenes were from the "lab". The men were very ordinary; some were good looking, while others were fat and ugly. Some had huge cocks and others had small ones. I'd never really gotten off on watching gay movies, but for some reason, this particular film was turning me. Maybe it was the circumstances; maybe it was because I was a little drunk. 

The "doctor" continued. "There are other several ways men can ingest semen. One is through direct, self-manipulation." The screen showed guys jerking off. At the last minute before they came, they would throw their legs over their head and aim their cocks straight down at their mouths. I had done this many times in college and before I met Jill. I always enjoyed it. Once I was able to get the head of my cock in my mouth while I came. It was wild. I also liked cumming all over my face and then looking at myself in a mirror afterward. I never thought of it as a gay thing, just a different way to jerk off. 

I could hear Jill and Emma laughing as they watched the guys cum in their own mouths. Jill said, "I don't know about you, but I am getting horny." 

I looked through the peep hole and could see that my wife was rubbing her tits through her shirt. Emma kept opening and closing her legs. 

The film explained further, "Men will gain health benefits by consuming the seed from on top of skin or from someone else's mouth. Surprisingly, men do the best when they are not eating their own semen." 

The movie showed take after take from the "lab" of men cumming on women (mainly on their tits) then licking it off. I have done this a lot of times with my wife. She seemed to like it. 

The next group of scenes showed guys cumming in women's mouths then the women kissing those men and forcing the cum into the men's mouths. Every few takes showed several men cumming in one woman's mouth then she kissed one of the men. 

"I love 'snowballing' with Ken," Jill said. "I always imagine that I gave blowjobs to other men and make Ken eat the seed." 

Emma thought it was great. She explained she'd snowballed Carl a few times and that he really liked it too. 

The film cut to more interviews of people on the street. Man after man explained how they loved snowballing. One guy explained that he and his wife often go out dancing. "On those nights, she usually goes out to the parking lots with strangers. She always comes back to me. Often she'll feed at three or four snowballs a night. It is a fun game we play." 

"What are you doing?" Emma asked Jill. 

"I'm so freaking horny right now. I know I'm going to get fucked when we get back to the motel, but I can't help myself." 

I again peered through the little hole and saw that my wife had taken off her shirt. She was rubbing her tits and pinching her nipples with one hand while the other was in her lap. I could tell that she was in a state of sexual frenzy. 

Jill said, "I love this movie! I'm going to make Ken eat his own seed! In fact, I'm going to make him eat it now!" 

With that, my wife turned to the gloryhole that lead into Carl's booth. She bent down a said something to my friend. Immediately, his cock came through the hole. Jill had to know it wasn't me. Carl's cock is shorter and thinner than mine. 

Although I could not really tell what was going on, I saw my wife kneel down on the floor and put her head up to the hole. I knew she was sucking on his cock. Emma stared at Jill. 

Eventually, Jill sat up a little and put her tits around the hole. They started to titty fuck. Jill stayed still sometimes and moved a lot other times. It didn't take long until I heard loud moaning. My wife moved her tits back and forth in front of the hole. 
