 This short story of how I would eat your pussy was written just for you. Read it and enjoy it while stroking your sweet wet pussy. I want you to get wet I mean really wet reading about me doing this to you baby. I want your body hurting badly, nipples hard and your clit swollen and throbbing before you insert anything into it. You might even want to print it and lay back on your bed and love your body while you read it. It’s my special gift to you.

After undressing each other, we move to the shower and we slowly clean each other enjoying for the first time see and touching each other’s sex. With your back to the shower wall now, I drop to my knees and pull your lower body towards my open and waiting mouth. You Bend forward and moan when you felt my lips and tongue press on your clean sweet tasting pussy and ass from behind. You gladly opened your legs as wide as you can and squat a little by bending your legs for me. I move in further between them so I can move my face into your pussy hole further. 

You so wanted my mouth and tongue to lick and suck your pussy because it had been so long since anyone has done this to you and you really have missed it. I stop long enough to take in your beautify two holes close up as I examine that sweet long slit and press my nose against it. I inhale your sweet musk before I bury me mouth against lips and they open for me exposing your waiting pussy hole. My mouth and tongue begin to go to work and in seconds, I have you moaning. With your hands pressed against the bathroom tiles, your body starts to shake a little as your excitement builds with the need for more stimulation. You look over your shoulder and down seeing my head up under your body. Oh yes! You whisper as I knee and stay between your thighs licking, eating and using my fingers to stimulate you.

The feeling is fantastic and you bend your knees more so I can get even deeper under you as and pussy. You know in a few seconds that I am no ordinary guy who has eaten your cunt in the past. You can tell by the way I have started working on you, that you will have a hell of a set of orgasms very soon. You drift off dreaming of the times I have written you before and what I have told you I want and will do to your body with my mouth, tongue and hands before I fuck you. 

But, now you are here with me and can actually feel it. “Mummm that’s so nice baby. It feel so good!” you tell me as you feel both of my hands go between your legs and under your body. You bend at the knees opening them further allowing me even better access. You feel my hands squeeze your ass cheeks hard and pull them apart as my tongue moves from the top of your pussy under your ass and over your ass. I bit one of your cheeks and make you jump before licking back under your body. Then I push a finger into your shave sweet pussy harder and watch it disappear into your body! I smile as I watch the finger slowly fucking your pussy. I insert my tongue under the finger and it too enters your body. I wiggle both around inside your body and hear you grunt and moan in pleasure. As you moan and bent your legs and squat for me so your pussy is totally accessible and wide open for my pleasure and your own. 

As I’m being half drown by the water running down over the front and back of your sexy body, I have to sit up a little and stroke you between your wide-open legs. Licking and sucking your cunt I finally get my tongue over and in between your tight cheeks and lick your ass hole while my fingers have your pussy lips spread wide open and I’m fingering you with the other hand.

My fingers continue to make love to both of your holes now that I can touch your ass hole with my tongue. At the position I can’t actually get my tongue in your rose bud w/o getting water down my throat. So I moved back to your pussy and concentrated on making your climax. I know by the way you are pumping and rocking on my face now, that you are just about there anyway. 

I turn you around and begin to lick up and down your slit while I use my fingers to pull the folds of your swollen pussy lips away from around your clit. As your hood moves away I see your blood-swollen clit sitting there in from of my eyes. It’s huge and throbbing! I move it and press my tongue against it and hear you moan loudly. The clit is rock hard. I softly hum directly on it as I continued to stimulate your holes with my fingers. There are three fingers now inside you pussy and I’m slowly pumping in and out. My other hand has my thumb in your ass hole and I’m rotating it in and out. 

You moan again louder this time and almost sit on my face as I worked on your sweet pussy. You hold my head with both hands and try to ram my face with your pussy as you begin to scream at me: “Suck it baby. For God sakes. Suck IT BABY! SUCK MY CUNT! HARDER.” You are yelling at me now as your body feels the climax of your life moving into your pussy. You yell: “OH YES BABY! OH FUCK YES! SUCK IT. HARDER. . . SUCK IT. . . HARDER! OH GOD!! ALMOST THERE. . . .SUCK IT! OHHH!! YESSSS!!! HARDER. . . . OH YESSSSSS. . . YESSSS!! OH SWEET LORD! THAT’S SO FUCKING GOOD! YES! YES! YES! OH MY GOD YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!! SUCK IT! SUCK IT HARDER! I’M THERE! OH BABY SUCK ME!!! HARD.I’M THERE! AHHH!! AHHH. . . AHHH. . . AHHH. . . AHHH. . . AHHH. . . AHHHHHH! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH. GODDDDDDDDDDDDD. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS” 

The orgasm was so good! But I know we can do better. I’m having trouble with the water running into my mouth and up my nose so I decide to get us out of the tub and move into the bedroom. I can see you lean back against the wall as you begin to slide down the tiles. I grab your knees to keep you from sliding all the way into the tub. 

We both stand up and I help you out of the shower so we can dry each other off. We can’t keep our hands off each other and dry the other’s sex playing with it and kissing it over and over again. I lick your snatch one last time and stand up. As we walk back into the bedroom your hand is holding my very hard cock. I watch your body move as you walk and it hardens my cock even more. You can feel it jumping with excitement for you. You think we’re going to fuck and you turn towards the bed, but I have other plans.

I move you to the big chair in the room. I walk behind you with my hands on your shapely hips watching your ass as you walk, God I love looking at you. You are so beautiful. I stop you and reach around your body and cup your full hard breasts as I kiss your neck and bit your shoulder. I begin to pull and roll your nipples around with my thumbs and index fingers as you lean back against me. You can feel my hard cock up under your ass rubbing against it. 

You reach between us and take the hard thick shaft into your hand. As you turn I bend down and suck your nipples into my mouth as your hand begins to stroke my extremely hard cock. As I cup your pussy, we both moan from this pleasure. I suck and bit the nipples as my other hand continues to lift and hold your breasts as if I’m weighing it. Your other hand comes up and cups my head to hold my mouth on your right breast. You whisper in my ear: “Come on baby let’s get into bed and fuck! I want this hard cock inside me.”

You squeeze my cock hard and I groan. I bit your nipple making you moan. Finally I back you up as our tongues fuck each other’s mouths. Your knees hit the front of the chair and I push you down in the seat. Immediately, I drop to the floor kneeling in front of you. You’re not sure what I am going to do and watch me as I sit between your legs and open them wider placing one thigh over each arm of the chair. I reach around your body and pulled your lower body to the very edge of the chair. Your ass is almost hanging off the end. Now I move up and suck both of your nipples and cup your breasts one more time letting my cock rub over your swollen pussy lips. You try to reach down and put me in but I stop you saying: “Later! We’ll fuck a little later when we are sufficiently stimulated. Now just lay back in the chair and let your lover show you why I love to eat pussy. 

Before you can move I place my head between your legs and hold your knees open over the chair. Mumm!! I want that pussy now. And with your long silky smooth legs up over the arms of the big chair and your ass on the edge of the chair lower than your legs, that sweet beautiful pussy of yours is wide open for me to love. I can smell your musk as it floats up into my face! I move down towards I licking my lips. My mouth is actually watering with my anticipation. I look at your magnificent body and see your pussy lips already open from your anticipation and from the loving you received in the shower. Your expected anticipation of what I’m going to do next excites you and stimulates your entire body. 

Your legs are open so far that the bones in your legs are sticking up hard against your inner thighs next to your pussy! I rub the bones and end my stroke at the sidewalks of your pussy lips. I run a finger up and down your and watch up open and throb with desire. Then moving back down to that very soft skin on your inner thighs again. I softly and very slowly stroke each side of your pussy opening my fingers and teasing you. I can see your wetness oozing out of your cunt. 

The lips of your pussy are sticking out at me and as I sit between your thighs, I bit and sucked on them. I leave small marks all along the sides of your cunt and thighs. You watch as I kiss you from one inner thigh to the other licking across your pussy very slowly. I can taste your wetness as my mouth slides over your wet hole and my tongue darts in and out very quickly. I feel you arch up out of the chair as you feel my tongue enter you and then leave you quickly. 

God your pussy hole is wide open and I use my index finger to push in about an inch and watch your hole close around it and squeeze it. Each time I push in I leave it stay in before pulling it out again. Each time I pull my finger out, your pussy hole stays open a little longer. 

Your entire pussy is shinning with your cum and your excitement. I slow circle your hole and push up and down as I move it in and out on your slit. I feel you arch and lift and I pull my finger out and begin to kiss all around your pussy lips. I don’t want you to cum to fast. You moaned and tried to get hold of my head and try to stop my finger from leaving your hole but you can’t. I move my mouth directly on your cunt and blow warm air on it softly. I see you shiver. You try again to move my head against your sex but I resist. I hear you moan each time that my mouth or index finger comes into contact with your pussy. 

You watched as I work on your inner thighs and gentle touch your pussy again and again. It’s driving your wild with lust as my lips, tongues and fingers all work on you. Again and again I lick and suck on your wetness tasting you and adoring your cunt until I feel you arch and begin to rock on them again. Then I stop and back off your pussy as I move back down your thighs again waiting for you to calm down a little. I don’t want you to explode – not just yet. I had waited a long time for you to trust him enough to allow me to visit you and have sex with you and now I will make you wait. Wait a long, long time before I let you drive your cunt into my face and fuck my mouth as you achieve orgasm after orgasm after orgasm.

God what I really wanted to do is sink my hard cock into your pussy and fuck you hard and fast. Your sexual odor is driving me wild with my own lust. Hell I am so fucking hot for you since the first time we met and now as I love your pussy and see your completely nude in front of me, my cock throbs and jumps with my anticipation. I’m leaking pre-cum all over my legs and on the floor. 

But, I knew your needs are greater than my own and you require a larger amount of stimuli and stroking before we have sex. So I am going to make this last for a really long time and give you what I know you have needed. You have been searching for a man to suck and fuck you into as many orgasms as you can have that you can stand! 

You know I will never stop until you have been drained of your orgasms. Plus, I enjoy making you crazy with your sexual need and passionate build up. So, I continue to build your needs higher and higher as the time passes and I stay between your legs stimulating your body. I use my fingers now and slowly stroke your pussy slit up and down, up and down. Then I use my fingers to open your wet smooth lips wider and start to slowly rub your pink insides. I move my free hand down and begin to stimulate your ass hole too. You have already told me you love your ass finger fucked too. So I know I am really going to get to you by playing with your ass hole. And as the moans become louder I hear you sigh and grunt as you feel me work on your pussy and ass hole. 

I know you are close to cumming again because I can feel your lower body humping on my hand. I hear your voice as you tell me in a low deep and sexy voice: “Oh yes! Oh please eat me and make me cum. I’m hurting so bad baby. Please!” 

I smile up at you and say: “In time my love, in time. You know I want to see and touch all of you! I’ll make you cum baby. I’ll make you cum soon! Trust me!” 

Your lust is so high you look mad now and begin to yell: “You son of a bitch!! Eat my pussy. Dam you. Make me cum. Make me cum now!!”

I come up quickly and grab your head with my hands. I kiss you hard on the lips and start to fuck your mouth with my tongue letting you taste your own pussy juices. As I do, my hard cock rubs all over your pussy pressing against your wet and very opened lips. You began to move around and hump on it trying to get it into your aching body and fuck on it. But, I backed off and won’t allow you to put it inside your hole. I break the kiss and ask you: “So you want to cum do you? Are you sure you are ready to cum baby? Do you really want to cum? Do you want me to lick your pussy and make you cum or fuck you and make you cum?”

You moaned: “OH GOD I DON”T CARE JUST DO IT.” 

Then I stop and don’t do anything. I ask you again: “Eat you or fuck you first. What will it be baby?” 

You moan: “OH FUCK I DON’T CARE. MAKE ME CUM. LICK ME YOU SOB. LICK ME. “ 

You see me look you directly in the eye and you moan to me: ““Oh god baby! Lick me!! PLEASE PLEASE LICK MY PUSSY!”

I know your body is screaming for release. You almost cry to me: “My body needs to cum so bad. I haven’t had my pussy licked and sucked in such a very long time. Lick me first baby! Then I’ll fuck you wild. Lick my pussy and I’ll fuck you hard and long and make you scream. Oh God! I’m going crazy baby! Lick me! Lick my pussy and make me cum.”

I smile and kiss your neck and whisper in your ear: “ Now! Now it’s your turn to cum baby! I’m going to lick you now and make you cum!”

You moan and say: “oh yes!!”

As you do you push my head gently back into your body telling me you want my mouth lower on your body. I lick down and take each of you tits one last time before moving back down your body. Taking each nipple into my mouth and sucking on them you moan and push on my head. As I move in front of your open thighs, I can see your pussy shinning at me. God!! It’s almost dripping on the chair. You are that wet.

My face is only an inch from your snatch. I’m so close I can feel your body heat on my face. I take another big breath and love your odor that’s coming from between your wide-open legs. Using my hands, I push your legs up the arm of the chair opening them even wider and I bury my face. You cry out as my mouth circles your cunt again.

You can feel shocks of pleasure rippling through your body and hitting directly against your pulsing throbbing clit. Thrill after thrill seems to shake your body and make you shiver with delight! As your hands guide and hold my head against your hole, you want to squeeze your thighs tight against my head. But you don’t because you want to give me all the space I need to work on your pussy and you want to feel everything I’m doing to your body. 

You keep your thighs wide open and resist the urge to squeeze them against my head. You give me the free and complete access I require. You want to close your eyes but don’t. You have to see what this new man in your life, which has his face between your legs, is going to do next to your pussy. And you really do want to cum so bad. 

I continue to suck your hole and then I surprise you and suck your entire pussy into my mouth and hum all over it as my tongue fucks and licks around it. Like a small vibrator stimulating your pussy my humming makes you lift your ass up off the bed and I can feel you leaking more of your wetness on my face. As I lap up your juice like a dog I can feel your heat and your passion on my face. You begin to cum and as the orgasm hits your body, you yell out: “OH FUCK YES. EAT ME BABY. OH THAT”S IT!! YES. OH FUCK YES. OH GOD I”M GOING TO CUM BABY! OH SHIT. EAT ME!! OHHH. . FUCK. . YESSSSS. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.” 

I look up with out taking my mouth off of your pussy and I see your beautiful face showed your agony, your want, your need, your lust and your rapture as you rock and rock against and on mouth fucking it and cumming and cumming and cumming for me.

I smile as I see your back arch and your hips and legs lift your pussy up and as you hump on my face I know your having a great climax! I continue to eat your pussy sucking and licking it as your orgasm sends a huge load of your cum into my mouth and over my face. . The pleasures from my mouth and tongue are so great, your breath comes in gasps now, as you pressed your soft pussy lips hard into my mouth. Moaning: “Fuck yes baby. That’s so good.” 

You press harder and harder and harder against my face as your body rotates and pumps and thrusts against my lips and tongue. You would like to shove my entire head up into your pussy hole. God!! You would take my entire body inside you so it could fuck all of you and you could fuck all of me. 

You begin panting now like an animal in heat. You moan: “Oh yes. Oh yes baby, suck it. Suck me baby. Suck my pussy! God it’s so good. Suck me. Suck me. Suck me. Oh fuck yes! OH FUCK YES. YES! YES! YES! YES! 

S U C KKKK MEEEEEE. BABYYYYYYY. I’M GOING AGAIN.” 

Your body lifts again as another orgasm washes over you directly behind the first one. Suddenly you began to shake and shiver as your vagina pulses and throbs against my sucking mouth. I know what is coming and prepare for your attack. I know from what you have told me that you will go crazy when you begin to get off back to back to back. So I put my arms under your legs and hold your hips with both hands as I press my face tight against your swollen sex and suck your pussy hard with my lips. Your body trembles more and more as you begin to reach another climax. You yell my name as you cum screaming at me: “EAT ME!!!! SUCK ME!!! OH GOD LOVE ME!!! OHHHBABY!! MAKE ME CUM!! I’M THERE!! I’m THERE!! I’M THERE!!!” 

As you work your pussy all over my face your body screams for more release. You moan out in a deep horse voice I can hardly recognize: “HARDER!!! SUCK ME HARDER!! OH GOD HARDER BABY!! SUCK ME!! SUCK ME HARDER!! SUCK ME H A R D E R!! OH YES!! OHHH!! I’M THEREEEEEEEEEEEEE.”

You bit your lip and drew blood from the pure pleasure. I continue to suck on your pussy. Your free hand holds my head so tight I fell that I might drown from your cum pouring out of your hole. But I keep on sucking. 

To keep from crying out any louder, you put your fist in your mouth and scream into it. Your thighs quivered and shake and you gasped for breath. Crying out to me now: “SUCK ME!! SUCK ME!! SUCK MEW HARDER!! YOU HAVE TO SUCK ME HARDER! HURT ME BABY!!. SUCK ME!! SUCK ME!! SUCK ME!! SUCK ME HARDER!!! OHHH GOD BABY!! HARDER! HARDER! HARDER DAM IT!! OHHH YES!!! LIKE THAT!! JUST LIKE THAT!! AHHHHHH. AHHHHHHHH. YESSSSSSSSSS. JESUS!! THAT’S IT!! OH GOD YES!! THAT”S IT!! YESSSSSSSSSS. YESSSSSSSS. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!”
