 I couldn't believe my luck as I opened the curtains. The sun was already shining in the sky and temperature rising every minute. I couldn't have planned a better day for a picnic. I didn't see the need for formalities so just threw on my shorts and t-shirt. Today was going to be hot anyway!

I had just met April (if you could call it that), we had just been chatting online and thought a picnic would be a good idea to break the ice and avoid any awkward moment amongst other people. She came across as rather the shy type and wanted to meet me away from other people. Who was I to argue? Alone with such a lovely person on a hot summers day.

I picked her up from hers at 11.00am. She locked the door behind her as she saw me approach, turned and walk to the car. This was the first time I had seen her in the flesh so to speak and I was pleasantly surprised. She was wearing a pale blue top and long flowing white skirt. As the sun shone down it almost acted as an x-ray machine. I could see the outline of her body through her clothes. She maybe only small but she was well proportioned and the twitch in my pants told me I liked what I saw.

She climbed in the car next to me. I could smell the sweet scent of her perfume. Not to intoxicating. But as the breeze came in through the window it wafted across my nose and my inner twitched heightened. I wasn't even sure where we intended going. We just seemed to drive in any direction, unaware of where our destination was. 

I looked across at her. Her eyes were fixed on the road ahead, saying little to encourage me. Looking down her body across her blue shirt I could she was not wearing anything under her top. April's nipples were quite proud through her top and I could barely take my eyes off them. She glanced at me quickly and noticed my gaze. A flush appeared on her face. I wasn't quite sure what to say.

'Enjoying the view' April said with a little glint in her eye.

'I am. I love the countryside' I replied, knowing full well what she meant

At least she finally spoke. As her eyes moved back to the road ahead I continued to pass my eyes over the rest of her body. Her white skirt had ridden up somewhat and I was able to see her lower legs. As if she knew what I was doing, she hitched her skirt further up.

'Don't you think it is hot Ian' she remarked. 'You are lucky, you are wearing shorts'

With that she hitched her skirt almost to her waist. I gulped with surprise. I could almost see the point where her thighs met and saw the tiniest sight of her precious mound. Very closely shaved but not quite smooth. My twitch now felt like a ferret trying to escape from my shorts. My heart began beating faster. My eyes straining for a better view between her legs. Instinctively, she turned towards me. Her gaze fixed all the time ahead. I could now see much more and the folds in her pussy where now on view. The hot sun through the window making them moist and pronounced.

'Is that better' April asked without shifting her gaze.

'What' I replied innocently. Again knowing full well she knew where my stare was.

'If you don't concentrate on the road ahead, we might not get where we are going'

The countryside seemed to go on for miles and was strewn with field after field of wheat.

'How about over there' she suggested.

It was a secluded field. Nearby was a small lake. The water was calm but for the odd fish jumping and the occasional duck swimming by.

'Seems like as good a place as any' I returned

I pulled into a make shift lay by and stopped the car, surveying the view in front of us. We could have been a thousand miles from anywhere. There was neither sight nor sound of anyone or anything other than nature in full flow.

I climbed out the car and walked around to let her out. Looking down into the car I could see down her loose top and make out the shape of her full round breasts. Her nipples seemed to have grown bigger during the journey. She was obviously more aroused than she appeared or was letting on. She climbed out of the car and brushed against me. I could feel how warm she was and the feel of her against me made me more excited.

'Where would you like to picnic' I enquired

'Over there by the lake looks good' April replied.

I started to the back of the car to grab the hamper and blanket. Again April followed to help. Again she brushed against me but this time looked into my eyes as she did. She knew what she was doing and in her own way was trying to give me a signal.

She took the blanket from and laid it on the ground. I placed the hamper in the middle and sat opposite.

'You picked a good day to eat out' she said as she sat opposite, ankles crossed and her skirt lifted above her knees.

She must know by now I could see up her skirt and wasn't moving to avoid my gaze. Her almost smooth pussy was in full view and I found it difficult to avert my eyes. It was even more difficult to avoid the growing bulge in my shorts. The lips of her pussy where now quite excited and open and I could see her clit slowly appearing as it got ever more aroused. If she had noticed the bulge in my shorts she wasn't saying much. But I caught her glancing in the direction of my pants.

'Care for a drink April' I asked, passing her a glass of wine

'Are you trying to take advantage of me by plying me with alcohol?'

At that, she drank the whole glass. Seemed a waste of a good wine. I refilled her glass and she started to sip. Slowly this time. Running the tip of her tongue around her lips to savour the flavour. How I wished I was the glass. Or at least my now enlarged cock.

April leaned back on her arms, taking in the mid-day sun. The sun beat down on her giving off a glow as it bounced off her. Almost without thought she slipped her hand up her top to feel the sweat on her chest and I caught another view of her nipples. They were crying out to be teased. Her top now clung to her and hugged her breasts. Her nipples now so aroused and standing pert. As if awaiting my attention. For someone who appeared so shy, she was certainly giving me the right clues.

She wasn't saying much, but everything she did with her body was leading me to her. She lay back on the blanket, her knees bent and open to the full burn of the sun and my eyes. I can't remember when I last saw such a beautiful sight. Her pussy was now so engorged and glistening in the sun. The lips parted sufficient enough so I could see the entrance to her deep wet hole. Her top had ridden up as she stretched out on the blanket and her breasts were now fully exposed. She seemed not to have a care in the world as I surveyed her almost naked body. Thank god she was lying down. My cock had finally breached my shorts and was sticking out the bottom.

I think she just laid there hoping I would take her so I took the initiative and moved in. I moved the hamper to one side and slowly ran my fingers from her feet up her right calf. April was startled at first, not quite knowing how to react. I felt quite the same. Do I go on? Or do apologies for being to forward and make my excuses.

I moved on more in hope than anything and found the more I moved my hand up her leg, the more she was parting her thighs. I took this as a signal that she enjoyed what I was doing and I continued. I reached the top of her leg and moved across her thigh. I started down and lightly brushed by her pussy. The response was amazing. Almost as if she was pushing herself towards my hand but I carried on down her leg and across to her left. Again I traced the outside of her calf and up her leg. This time when I move across her thigh and above moist pussy, I allowed her to push forward on my hand so she could feel the pressure of my finger just touching the mound above her clit.

She began to sigh. Perhaps in anticipation of what was to come or maybe because she wanted my hand to explore her hole. In any case, I moved my hand down so my thumb just came into contact with her clit. It had swollen considerably in the heat of the sun and the excitement that had built within her. With my thumb gently probing I slid my forefinger between the satin folds of her now moist lips and teased between them. Only slightly but very slowly, up and down her pussy. I began to push my finger in slowly, but never to far. Just to the entrance of her hole and back again. April tried to thrust herself on me but I pulled my hand away. I continued to fondle her clit and watch as she twisted underneath me. I could sense the first of her orgasms as she juddered to a small climax. How sweet she looked when she cum.

There wasn't a sole around so encouragingly I help her off with her skirt, slipping it passed her waist and over her feet. Without taking time to look at her I slipped of her top. She was still quite shy and remained there with her eyes closed. This gave me ample opportunity to gaze down at her and take in every curve of her body. There wasn't a square inch I wasn't going to explore. I knelt above her with an enormous erection. There was so many things I wanted to do but wasn't sure how far I would be allowed to go. Only time would tell.

I reached into the hamper for the olive oil and drizzled some on her stomach so it pooled in her navel. I spread it over her body and watched her shudder as I started to massage it into her. Straddling her I placed both my hands around her lovely breasts and began kneading and massaging them. Gently squeezing them until April's nipples where between my finger and thumbs I leaned over and gently kissed them and began to nibble on them. By now she couldn't hide her excitement and pulled me onto each breast so I would suck them deep into my mouth. Her nipples where now huge and very erect, ready to be teased with my lips and tongue.

She put her hands on my shoulders and push me down toward her now, dripping hole. I could smell her juices as I hovered my head above her welcoming pussy and first took one of her lips in my mouth and then the other. My mouth was now full her, my tongue seeking out the entrance to her deep hole. I could feel her pussy all around my tongue and didn't want to stop. There is something about the texture of a wet pussy that takes some explaining and keeps you wanting more.

I turned my attention to her clit. I wasn't going to stop until she cum. I wanted to watch as each orgasm racked her body. And April didn't disappoint. As my tongue flicked back and forth over her little cherry she jerked around like a bucking bronco. She tried to pull me away to stop her going over the brink but I forced myself on her further. Feverishly licking her cunt and sucking her clit until she couldn't hold back any more, her body spasmed and her back arched as she convulsed with one almighty orgasm. The taste of her cum drenching my mouth and chin. Who needed wine when April had this to offer? I swallowed all her juices and licked every last drop from her wet thighs.

April now needed something more to satisfy her ever growing need. She pulled at my shorts as if to give me the sign to 'get em' off'. I obliged willingly. We were now both as naked as the day we were born and I was going to finish the job I started..............

I was just about to maneuver myself between April's silky thighs when she sat up and pushed me away. Was this not what she wanted?

'Don't you dare go there yet?' April ordered. 

'There are two people at this table and I intend to have my feed too' she added

With that she pushed me on my back and proceeded to take over. She leaned over to me to kiss my neck and whisper.

'Just lay back and enjoy the fruits of your labour'

Who was I to argue? With that, she straddled me and began to feather my chest with kisses. At first gently and then with her hot tongue began to lick hungrily all over. She moved up so ours faces met closely for the first time. 

She slowly closed her eyes and in one move her tongue was exploring my mouth. A deep, passionate, wet kiss. Almost as if she hadn't kissed in years and wouldn't again for many more. She was now finding herself and as we forcefully, french kissed each other, I could feel the heat from her hot hole as it rubbed against my rigid cock. I could feel her lips engulf it as she slip along the full length. All I needed now was for my cock to seek out its ultimate destiny.

But no! That wasn't the plan. April was just giving a glimpse of what was to come. How I strained for that wet cunt to devour my cock. She ground her pussy into me just enough for her to get her self off and let out a sigh. She looked down at me with a knowing smile.

April tilted back so as to present herself to me, lifted her pussy toward my face as if to offer me a treat and I gladly accepted. My tongue darting in and out and all around her moist hole. The sun was now at it's hottest and the beads of sweat caused by the heat, flowed into a tiny stream down her stomach, almost washing by her clit, down the folds of her pussy and onto the tip of my tongue. Exquisite was not the name to describe the flavour. If nectar was drink of the gods, this was mine. She could see I was lapping it up and pushed herself further towards me so I didn't miss a drop. How grateful I felt. The look on her faced suddenly changed.

'I want you. I want to taste you. I want you hard cock in my mouth' she ordered

'I want to feel you, as you empty yourself into my mouth' she added

No one in their right mind could refuse that offer and I gladly gave myself over to her. She lifted her bum slightly and slowly moved down my body until she came face to cock with my rigid cock. She cast an eye over it for a few moments before licking her lips and planting a kiss on the tip. My cock instantly reacted and stiffened even more.

She moved down between my thighs and began gently kissing and licking my balls. One hand was gently stroking and tickling while the other gripped the base and slowly moved up and down its length.

'Are you enjoying that Ian' she asked

A silly question had she took time to read my face.

'It feels absolutely fantastic' I replied thankfully

'I am going to suck every last drop of cum from your balls' she told me

With that she began to moisten her lips again and started very slowly to lick and kiss my erection from the base to the tip. When she reached the top she took a deep breath and slowly moved her head down the full length of rigid manhood. All the while her tongue was wrapping itself around the length as it went deeper in her mouth.

I could feel my cum welling inside me but her expert grip prevented me from exploding in her mouth. She looked up at me as my cock filled her mouth and her tongue began lapping at my balls. Her eyes closed slightly as if to tell me she was enjoying it as much as I was.

She pulled back slowly and again took the whole thing in her mouth with a long, smooth rhythmic motion. April could tell I was reaching the point of no return and reduce the amount of friction on my cock. She hadn't had enough yet!

'I think it's time we enjoyed each other' she said as she turned her body around.

'I want to feel that hot tongue inside me again' she requested and positioned herself neatly over my body so her ass was directly above my face and my cock was back where she wanted it. Right in front of hers.

A 69 is good at any time, but with the scorching sun beating down on our naked bodies, just added to the heightened eroticism. Before I could even begin to admire her ass and dripping pussy my cock had once again vanished inside her warm mouth. This time her head was busy going to work and she wasn't holding back.

'Lick my cunt, tease my clit, squeeze my ass' she shouted as she took another deep breath.

'Make me cum like never before'

Again, I was more than willing to oblige. Or at least willing to give April what she demanded.

My head was moving back and forth, straining to meet her wet cunt as her mouth worked its magic on my cock. My tongue was working overtime on her clit and every so often I would bury my tongue as far as it would reach deep inside her sopping wet hole. All the while I could feel my cum bursting to fill her mouth. April was on a mission. Her mouth was now drooling with saliva as it dripped over my cock. Her mouth felt like velvet as it kept to its task. My mouth had an agenda of its own and I could feel the muscles in her pussy grip my tongue as it delved ever deeper.

The tell tale signs of her minute pussy spasms told me April wasn't far from exploding herself and I readied myself for a torrent of her nectar. I could see her pussy close up and saw her muscles contracting rapidly. Her moment was fast approaching, as was mine.

With lightning reactions, she swiftly lifted herself from my face and in an instant she was squatting above my cock, her back facing me. I had the best view in the house! I could see her ass and her now very swollen pussy lips where hovering directly above my stiff cock. Without hesitation she slowly impaled her hot cunt.

'ahhhhhhhhhhhh' she yelled out, as my cock vanished deep within her

'ahhhhhhhhhhhh' I yelled out. 

The feelings we both shared were obviously the same. She stayed there, sat on my prick for some time taking in the moment and fondling her own tits and nipples as if to get the best of both worlds. She then seemed to come around and slowly started to move up and down on my cock. She hardly seemed to move but the sensation was incredible. Her rhythm quickened as her body jerked up and down the length of my cock. I reached around and played with her clit which by now resembled the size of a pea. With every flick, her body buckled. The sun reflected of my cock as her juices flowed down the length. If only I had a camera, I would frame that one view.

April couldn't hold back for much longer and again I could feel her muscles contracting around my cock as if to milk me. I cannot describe the feeling but the velvety feel of her wet pussy had me on the brink. My legs where beginning twist and contort as I could feel my cum on its final journey. Only a guy can explain how that feels and it is one feeling I never want to lose.

'fuck me, fuck me. harder, harder. faster, faster' April groaned as she reached her peak

With all my might I gave her what she wanted. I pushed her forward onto her knees, pulled her towards me and placed my cock at the entrance to my heaven. She pushed back onto me as I thrust into her. We both let out a huge sigh.

'arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh' we cried together

As our bodies slammed in opposite directions, we couldn't fuck each other any deeper and my balls slapped against her clit in time to our thrusting.

'deeper, deeper, oh god' she cried

'yes, yes, yes' I said, as I tried to catch my breath

'fuuuuuuuuck meeeeeeeeeee, fuuuuuuuuuuck meeeeeeeeeee' she continued

I had no choice. I could no longer hold back and with one last deep thrust, I exploded deep into her. Almost simultaneously, April arched her back forced herself onto my cock and her body shot into spasm. What a sight to see. This was a woman who knew how to take her pleasure and run with it. I could have watch her cum all day. She made it look like a freeform art. Her body twisting and turning, buckling and arching until every orgasm washed over her body. I pulled out from her, the sun catching the last drop of cum as it dripped from my cock. April saw this, took it on the end of her finger and slowly dripped it on her tongue. The look on her face was akin to the cat that had the cream. And maybe this cat really did get my cream. We knelt face to face and again kissed, this time more reserved and in a more sensitive way. Our bodies calming to normality.

We didn't say much to each other. Our bodies had done the talking and we laid together on the blanket serenely. I don't remember sleeping but we must have drifted off together under the mid-afternoon sun. We woke a few hours later and mad our way home, say very little but feeling ultimately, satisfied with our afternoons work.