 The bus's engine roared as it thundered away into the dark night headed to its next stop. I looked around at the numbered signs nearby and groaned out load, a puff of my own breath visible on the chilly night air. I got off at the wrong stop. I was on the wrong side of the enormous airport parking lot. It would be 15 minutes before the next shuttle arrived and I could ride over to my car. I didn't want to sit around here waiting so I decided to walk. As I approached the next stop I saw a truck with flashing lights parked in front of it. A woman was emptying the trash can and she tossed the full bag into the back of the truck.

Noticing me she flashed me a beautiful smile and called out "hi how are you doing tonight?"

"Well not bad, I just missed my stop." I said as I pointed down the very long row of parking stalls.

"Hmm a bit cold for a walk, why don't you hop in and I'll take you to your car."

"You sure?"

"Yeah that's what we're here for."

"Ok! Thanks, I really appreciate it." I said as I approached the passenger side of the truck. As I climbed into the cab I could see that this airport worker was very attractive. She was barely over 5 feet tall and had to really climb to get into the truck. As she sat down I could her chest was not overly large, maybe a b-cup. The best word for her was Cute.

As we started off she asked "So, have a nice flight?" an obvious attempt to avoid awkward silence.

"Very smooth just flew back from California."

"That must have been nice to get out of the cold for a bit."

"Yeah it was. How about you? How is your night going?"

"Well just a bit cold. This heater is broken."

"Shouldn't the airport fix things like that?" She laughed out a scoff, a beautiful sound despite the derision.

"The airport fixes things when they decide to get around to it. And as long as lives aren't at stake, that can take them quite a while. The garbage truck is low on their priority list."

I scooted closer to her so she could feel my body heat. "Well let me keep you warm for a bit while I'm here."

"Oh.." she said shyly as a blush creeped into her cheeks, "Thank you."

Silence fell between us for a moment. Not wanting it to become awkward I said very casually "Thank you so much for the ride, I really appreciate it."

"No I should thank you; it gets really boring and lonely out here by myself. It's nice to break up the monotony a bit."

"Well you did save me a lot of time, so if you want... I could keep you company for a few more minutes." I rushed the last words out to make sure I got them out before my nerve gave out.

She blushed crimson and slowly said "I am allowed to take a twenty minute smoke break over in the empty lot... You could go with me if you, you know, want to."

"I can come with you but I don't smoke"

She looked straight at me and with a hint of an evil smile she leaned towards me and whispered "Neither do I."

She drove quickly to the empty lot in the corner of the parking area. It was fenced in and she had to enter a code to get the gate to let us in. I knew we were going to be all alone in a dark lot with only each other to keep warm. She pulled into a stall near a wall where we were far from the gate and the road and killed the engine.

Without even saying a word she leaned in and kissed me fiercely and deeply. Panting heavily, I returned the kiss with enthusiasm. She climbed on top of me, pushing me down across the cab seat. Grinding her pelvis into mine she began to nibble lightly on my neck. I reached up and unzipped her jacket and she shimmed it off, while never letting up on the pressure between our clothed sexes. I slipped my hand up her shirt and was shocked at my discovery.

"No bra?" I asked quietly.

Sheepishly she said "They're small enough I don't always have to wear one"

"They're perfect." I grunted out as we began our passionate tongue battle a fresh. She leaned forward giving me access to her neck above her shirt line. As I lightly bit down, I pinched her right nipple at the same time, sending a jolt though her entire body. She smiled at me and nipped me on the bottom lip. There was no embarrassment left on her face... just the lust in her eyes and that evil little half smile as she began to undo my belt. She pulled my pants down to my knees releasing my 8 inch erection.

"Look who wants to meet me." Her lust filled raspy whisper and evil smile added another half inch to my member. She reached out and firmly grasped my cock at the base of the shaft. Never letting her eyes leave mine she leaned down and licked fluid dripping from my tip. Stroking me slowly with one hand she used the other to pull the bottom of her shirt over her chest, exposing her perfect tits to the cold air. Releasing my cock she leaned back and started undoing her own jeans. I sat up and took her right nipple into my mouth as I slipped my hands down the back of her pants. I could feel the cold air on the back of my hands as she pulled the pants down and pulled a single smooth leg out, leaving the pants around the remaining leg. Pushing me onto my back again we began our furious kissing and grinding once more, but this time there was nothing between our sexes except a thin pair of cotton panties.

She lifted her panty covered ass into the air, bringer her mouth right in line with my stiff cock. First she licked me from the bottom all the way to the top of the tip. Then watching from under her lashes she took half of my cock into her mouth. She let it sit there for a moment just circling the dick in her mouth with her tongue. Grasping the base of my dick with her hand she began to pump the bottom up and down while sucking on the head. Feeling a familiar pressure starting to build I moaned out load.

"Oh no, Not yet," She condemned with her lusty voice.

She scooted for and straddled my pelvis, I could feel how wet she was through her underwear. She reached down and pulled the bottom of her panties to the side revealing a perfectly shaved little slit. Lowering her entrance down onto my cock, she applied pressure without actually letting it penetrate her. I felt drops of her juices run down the length of my cock. With a final push she buried me inside of herself. Moaning in pleasure she sat there for a moment just savoring the full feeling of letting me fill her up. She started slowly rocking back and forth, grinding her clit into my pelvic bone. Reaching up I cupped her right breast and gently kneaded the chilled flesh. Moving faster she allowed her pussy to slide up the length of my shaft and then back down until she bottomed out again. Her movements increased as did her breathing and moaning. I could tell she was coming close so I sat forward pushing myself deeper inside her and wrapped my arms around her back. Taking her left nipple in my mouth I began to thrust hard into her slick tight cunt. With a quick bite of her nipple and a final strong thrust I felt her body go stiff and her back arched. Letting out a primal scream I could feel her fluids gush out all over my cock. 

For a few moments she could do nothing but pant and cling to me in the returning cold air. With a shocked gasp she slid her soaked cunt off of my still stiff member and leaned forward. With another of her evil grins she started to suck her own juices off of me. She seemed to love the taste of herself on me and I quickly felt the pressure building again.

"I'm about to cum!" I announced and she quickened her pace. I began to shoot my pent up pressure right into her mouth and she gladly swallowed every bit of it. Wiping her mouth as she sat up she took a moment to just stare at me with a very satisfied look on her face.

"I can't believe we just did that." She said still panting a bit.

"So I take it you've never done that before?"

Blushing she shook her head and shyly said "No, but it was amazing!"

Looking at the clock on the dashboard her eyes popped open wide "OH NO! It's been almost twenty minutes! I have to get back to work. Let's get you back to your car."

We both threw our clothes back on and she fired up the trucks engine. We drove in silence back to my parking stall, both of us lost in memories of the so recent experience. As we pulled up to my car she reached into the glove compartment and pulled out a note pad and pen, both labeled with the airports logo. She scrawled a quick note and tore off the sheet of paper to hand it to me. Looking at it I saw a name and phone number in beautiful slanting script.

"My name is Danielle by the way." You should give me a call sometime."

Smiling I held out my hand and said "It's very nice to meet you Danielle my name's Dave." With one last of her evil smiles she took my hand and shook as I climbed from the truck's cab. I climbed into my car and headed for the parking lot exit. As I was leaving the lot I looked at the paper I had been given and smiled. I rolled down my window, crumpled the paper and threw it out, shaking my head. I turned back towards the airport terminals. 

I pulled to the curb alongside a young woman standing beside her luggage and a stroller.

"What took so long to get the car?" She asked as I got out of the driver side and came around to her.

"Sorry honey, I accidentally got off the shuttle at the wrong stop and had to walk," I said as I began loading the bags into the trunk of the car.

"Well put the car seat in so I can get the baby buckled up."

"No problem."

"You seem very happy. It's nice to be home isn't it?"

"It sure is Honey, it sure is..."