 I'm 28 years old and have been married for 5 years now. I love my wife.

A group of my friends and I took our buddy to a strip club for his bachelor party. We were having a good time drinking and watching the gorgeous women strutting their stuff. After the stripper on stage was finished, the crowd went nuts. An audible hush fell over the crowd. Then Eden stepped out on the stage and the guys roared and applauded, shouts and whistles, then she started her show. 

This magnificent creature stood about 5'7", 5'10" in heels looked about 110 lbs with long shoulder length blonde hair with piercing blue eyes that got me hard in an instant. Every eye in the place was on her and I knew I would have her before the night was through. On stage she was doing things you only dreamt about.

When she finished her third song, my 7" of man meat was so hard it was painful. About 10 minutes later, Eden made her way into the crowd for table and lap dances in the lounge. 

At this point, all I could think of was her hard body and 34C tits. When she came by our table, I asked her for a private lap dance. She said, "Sure thing, lover", and boy, was I surprised at what happened next. 

Eden proceeded to grab my hard-on through my pants and led me to the lounge, I took off my wedding band as she picked a couch furthest from the door in a dark corner. We started to talk about things like, how long she'd been stripping, how she got in the business when she grabbed my dick again. By this time I was so hard, I could punch a hole through steel and told her so. She said, "We'll see about that, now sit back and TRY to relax." 

Eden started her show by straddling, then bumping and grinding up against my thigh. She was wearing a thin yellow sun dress and a matching yellow thong. She then started to untie the straps of the dress and while dancing, slowly let the straps fall down over her amazing breasts. The whole time rubbing her dripping pussy on my now coated thigh. I couldn't take much more of this. By now, she had the sundress around her waist and asked me if I could help her with it, so naturally, I obliged. I grabbed that dress with my teeth and slowly pulled it down over her smooth, curved hips and beat an excruciatingly slow path down her shapely legs, stopping once or twice to give her quick nibbles and licks behind her knees, bringing moans of pleasure from Eden. 

Finally, I got the dress down to her feet and I just stopped and sucked on her toes for a while. She said, "If you keep this up, I'M gonna need a cold shower." Next came the thong which was just two snaps and there in front of me was the sweetest pussy I've seen in all my 28 years. She was clean shaven and had her clit pierced. Eden was now totally naked and started in with the dancing. 

But I wanted more. Eden then straddled my thigh again and started bouncing up and down like a kid on a pogo stick. By now, the song was just about over and I was feeling a little let down, and said so. To my surprise, Eden turned to the bouncer and made some signal which he returned and then she told me I would be getting a "SPECIAL" dance. 

So Eden starts by getting on her knees and licking and rubbing my rod through my pants. This was driving me wild, then she grabbed my belt buckle and removed it, unbuttoned my pants and pulled down my zipper. She then pulled my pants and boxers down around my ankles. Eden then licked her way up my legs until she got to my balls. She sucked first one then the other into her mouth while licking the under side of my ball sac. I was in heaven. Eden, much to my disappointment, let go of my nuts and grabbed the base of my shaft and licked it from stem to stern and then back down again. She did this for almost 10 minutes then gobbled my member into her warm, wet mouth. She took turns deepthroating and licking me like a lollipop for what seemed like hours. Then she licked her way back down to my balls then down to the crack of my ass. Next thing I feel is her hot tongue drive right up my ass. GOD IT FELT GREAT!!! I'm thinking nothing could get any better. 

Then Eden went back to sucking on my cock when I blew a tremendous load of jiz down her throat, and she swallowed it all. With that she said,"That was YOUR 'special' dance, now its MY turn!" I picked her up and placed her on the couch as I make my way up to her luscious breasts. I started on her left nipple working my tongue around her areola. Licking the tiny bumps surrounding her nipples, then started to outright suck on them. I licked two of my fingers and slowly encircled her pussy lips. Making smaller and smaller circles, not touching her clit. This in combination with the oral stimuli, had Eden moaning in ecstasy, begging me to touch her clit. Several times she tried to reach her clit, but I wouldn't let her. It wasn't time yet.

I flipped her over on her hands and knees with that lovely ass and slit in my face. Her smell was wonderful. I could just sit there for hours just watching her pussy juice running down her legs, but I just had to taste it. I licked her juices off her legs all the way up to her pussy lips, then continued to her ass. Licking around her puckered anus all the while shoving my index and middle finger in her pussy. I then inserted my thumb in her ass and held her like a bowling ball.

Eden was bucking and humping against my manual ministrations and screaming, "OH! I'M COMING! I'M COMING! OH, FUCK YEAH!" She was begging me to fuck her, so, by now I'm hard again. I stand up and place the head of my cock to her well lubricated snatch and slowly pushed. At this, she screamed, "OH, DON'T STOP!! DON'T STOP!! JESUS CHRIST!! DON'T STOP!!" So, of course, being the gentleman that I am........I stop. I pulled out started to bounce and rub my cock against her clit over and over. If I thought Eden were ready before, she now was an animal. She yells, "PUT YOUR FUCKIN' COCK BACK IN MY PUSSY NOW!!! FUCK ME FULL! I WANNA FEEL YOU FILL ME UP! FUCK ME!! FUCK ME!!

I'm pumping away, slowing down, speeding up, varying my tempo. The whole time Eden's yelling and screaming, "OH FUCK! HURRY! HURRY! I'M COMING! I WANNA FEEL YOU CUM IN ME! OH GOD! JESUS! I'M COMING!" I thought the entire place would come running in here at any minute and I'm trying my damnedest to hold off the inevitable and with one final shove, I blow my second load just as Eden's pussy muscles start spasming around my spurting cock. I almost blacked out from the pleasure and collapsed on top of Eden's sweat soaked body.

We stayed like that for about 5 minutes when I got up and Eden said, "My shift is over," and proceeded to put her clothes back on. I asked her if I could see her again, and she said, "We'll see." And with that, she left.

I got dressed and put my wedding band back on and said my goodnights to my friends and told my buddy I'd see him at the TUX fitting the next day. As I passed the bouncer, he winked and said, "Have a nice night, sir."

I got to the strippers entrance/exit by the parking lot, and waiting there for me was my wife, Cassandra. She walked up to me and I said, "Hi Honey." 

"I thought I'd find you here," she said. Cassandra leaned in close to my ear and said, "That was one of the hottest fucks we've had so far, baby." 

"You never cease to amaze me, EDEN," I said.