 I leaned over his desk and made the changes on the script. Yes, it did read a lot better and again Jeremy proved his writing was, without a doubt, the greatest. I was just penciling in the changes and was aware that he had slid his chair back a little, I thought, to give me room. 

Then I felt his hand circle my leg down by my ankle. Slowly it worked its way up my leg, very slowly that is. His hand moved to my other leg and slipped under my pencil skirt which reached down below my knees. 

His fingers then played on the back of my knees, first one then the other and on the inside of each. I had finished making the changes but I held my pose, not wanting to miss what might happen next. 

Hardly touching, almost like a feather, his fingers moved further up my thighs. First on the outside, then down the back and then up the inside. Then the other leg was treated to that thrill. His touch was the most sensual you could imagine. As his fingers did their exploration it created messages that flowed to my waiting areas. 

I adjusted my stance spreading my legs a little further. His finger tips continued up the inside of my leg closest to him and moving all the way up to the bottom edge of my panties and then down the back side. 

I was now starting to breath heavily. Short quick gasps as my whole body was excited and awaiting the next move. I heard his chair slide behind me and both hands now journeyed up my legs to the bottom edge of my panties. 

His fingers moved to the side of my legs and I could feel him taking hold of the bottom edge of my light yellow boy panties. Slowly he started to pull my panties down. They slid down over my thighs then my calves till they were around my ankles. His hands then moved to my shoes and first lifted one foot then the other as he removed my shoes and my panties.

Then his hands quickly returned to my now naked hips. He twisted me so now I was facing him, but my eyes were closed and I was breathing very hard awaiting the next move. 

He pushed me back so that I was somewhat sitting on the top of the desk. His hands now pushed my skirt up, all of it and I could feel the cool conditioned air on my naked area. 

"Hold your skirt up and out of the way, love." I did as was told. I looked down at him and focused on his eyes. 

He stood up and now both of his hands moved up the sides of my chest and then inwards till each covered a breast. One finger of each hand now circled my nipples. Then with his fore finger and thumb, he locked on to my now fully aroused nipples and pinched them, then tugged on them. Time and again as each movement, each somewhat painful pitch sent messages to my central station that was now quickly filling with want and desire.

My eyes were still focused on his but all I could do was gasp repeatedly as he continued to massage my breasts and squeeze them

"Malisha, I want so badly to kiss those beautiful breasts and to suck those nipples into my mouth. But that will have to wait for another time."

His hands then moved down my body and spread my legs apart. I pulled my skirt up even higher knowing what he was going to do. He leaned towards me. He licked my lips and then blew on my now moist lips and then his tongue traced each lip up and down. He sucked each one into his mouth. Oh god, I was so hot so wanting him to do more and more as I edged to the point of explosion..

Slowly his tongue entered me and I gasped as he quickly found my most sensitive area. His tongue moved back and forth, up and down and across. His fingers spread my lips wider as he sucked hard on my clit bringing it to such a high level of arousal. I could only groan with absolute delight. 

He paused, not letting me fulfill my need.

Now he continued sucking and licking while I continued to moan and cry with pleasure. He then entered two fingers into my hungry avenue. Waves of absolute erotic pleasure started to gather and continuing to build up to a point where I fought to hold them in check. The excitement he was building was so much I wanted it to continue forever.

I started to cry out but he quickly stood and covered my mouth with his. His tongue now teasing mine and then he was sucking my tongue deep into his mouth. All this time his fingers continued to dance in my love channel. 

Then, not being able to hold back and longer, I exploded. Never had I had such a forceful explosion. My whole body felt weak and I began to slide down off the desk. He held me in place. His fingers continued to assault me, pushing deep inside me while his thumb continued to keep my clit on fire.

I almost fainted as my body lost all control and again I exploded into another orgasm of all ages, at least for me it was. Thank god he held me in place or I would have fallen on the floor. I had not the strength to remain standing or even sitting on the edge of the desk.

He withdrew and kissed the sides of my hips and the area above my still pulsating area. He had spoiled me in bringing me to absolute completion. 

His arms circled me holding me close to him. His hands roamed over my back helping to cool me down as he placed kisses all over my face, cheeks, lips, forehead, neck, every place. "Now go get your nails done and hurry home so we can spend the whole weekend making our baby."