 Chapter 2 of Eden's night with her boss. This time, It's Aidan's POV. For all of you who posted such nice comments to Chapter 1, I thank you. Hope you enjoy this one. I await your feedback with bated breath...

***

Aidan's heart had been in cardiac arrest since late this evening when he'd finally decided to do the unimaginable. He'd presumed that it had been written all over his face as he walked to the counter and in a small voice, asked for some help. 

"I'm buying underwear for my secretary... I've seen glimpses of her satiny bras and the tops of her stockings. I'm a pervert! I've been eyeing her up for months and now rather than do the decent thing and just ask her out, I'm going to buy her underwear and let her know that I don't just want to date her... I want to fuck her. I WANT TO FUCK MY SECRETARY!"

The assistants name was Therese and she was attractive and would tick all the boxes for Aidan ordinarily. Great figure, pretty face. But these last weeks, he'd been consumed with Eden Cook and until he knew one way or another, he couldn't entertain the notion of another woman.

'What size is she?' Therese asked helpfully. Aidan flushed. 'I don't know exactly.'

Therese pulled back the lapels of her suit jacket. There was a confidence there that unnerved him. She placed her hands on her hips and breathed in deeply.

Oh, you're good, Aidan thought inwardly. You're really, really good.

'Would she be the same size as me or would she be the same size as... perhaps Evanna here?' Therese clicked her fingers and a tall blonde sauntered over. 

'Size check,' Therese informed her. Evanna, looking thoroughly bored, pulled back the lapels of her jacket.

Aidan surmised this wasn't usually how men decided on sizes in lingerie shops but was too flustered to comment. In addition, the lingerie shop was packed with frantic men, buying underwear for mistresses and wives, and they were not receiving the same treatment as he was. Two pairs of breasts jutted at him inside white cotton. Therese's nipples were clearly visible. This was any man's fantasy yet Aidan felt like he had fallen into a pool full of sharks. He ran a finger around the neck of his collar. 

'I suppose about Evanna's size, yes,' he said sheepishly. Therese smiled knowingly, giving a cursory glance at Aidan's crotch. 

He groaned inwardly. 

The purchase was wrapped up and he paid for it with his credit card. He cursed himself for not having cash as it would have expedited the whole transaction.

'I suppose asking you for your number would be out of the question?' Therese asked sweetly as she placed the gift in a black shopping bag. 

Aidan tried to be polite.

'Well, I am buying underwear for another woman...' he said.

'Well, it depends on if it's for your wife or your girlfriend...' Therese said as Aidan took the bag from her hand. 

Aidan floundered. 'Neither actually,' he said haltingly. Therese's teeth appeared again through her ruby lips. 'Oh. So you're someone's secret Santa then?'

Aidan nodded but his face was tight. He wanted to get out of here. He wanted to get as far away from this mantrap as was humanly possible.

'I'd like to think so. I'm in a rush, I gotta go. Look, thank you.'

The heat in the department store had enveloped him and he was almost faint by the time he got to the front door and gasped in the cold night air. He was suddenly aware of the weight in his left hand. Jesus. Now he had to deliver it.

***

He drove his car out of the car park and turned down the street to towards the front of the building. There she was, wrapped in a heavy black wool coat that seemed to dwarf her. He swallowed. Was he actually getting this lucky? Was this goddess actually agreeing to go back to his apartment? Had what happened earlier actually taken place or was he dreaming? It was the single most erotic moment of his life, bent over his desk while she tongued him, his arse bared to the world and her hair tickling his behind. All he knew was he was hard as hell and aching to shag her. He hadn't felt this aroused in years. Not since he was a teenager! What was it about her? Was it her innocence and yet her knowing exactly how to make him come? Was it the fact that she had turned out to be as kinky as he dreamed she would be? He didn't know but he planned on finding out...

He pulled up and she slid into the passenger seat. 

'Are you ok?' he asked nervously. He was praying she hadn't changed her mind. After all, he'd barely gotten to touch her. Would she suddenly be seized by embarrassment and back out?

'I'm fine. I had to tell a few lies in order to get away but... it's worth it,' she said, not looking at him directly. He moved out into the late night traffic. No words were spoken and Aidan was glad of it. It was as though speaking would somehow snap the sensual web they were ensconced in. He lived five minutes away but it was the longest five minutes of his life. It seemed every single traffic light was against him and every taxi driver in the city had made a pact to cut him off as he changed lanes. Finally, his lights swung up on the wall of his parking space in his apartment block and silently they got out. The lift to his floor was empty when the door slid back and they stepped in. In any other situation, he would've felt awkward but all he could think of was the raging erection that his coat was hiding. She got out of the lift first, waiting for him to walk before her down the corridor to his apartment. His key slid into the lock with a click and he opened the door. Slowly, Eden walked into his apartment.

Aidan flicked on the lights at the master switch. The apartment was suddenly bathed in soft light, mirrored by the lights that glittered on the river outside. He moved in behind her and placed his hands on her shoulders.

'May I take your coat?' he said quietly. There was a pause before she shrugged it off into his hands. He caught the smell of her hair as it flopped down over her shoulders. He placed it carefully across a high chair at the breakfast bar.

She moved further into his living room, taking in her surroundings as she went. She examined the photographs' on his book cabinet and ran her fingers across the spines of the books that were on the shelf underneath. Aidan glanced at the kitchen.

'Would you like a drink or maybe a coffee?'

Eden turned to him and fixed him with that deep blue stare of hers.

'A drink would be nice,' she said, moving towards the couch.

Aidan retrieved two brandy snifters from the kitchen and a bottle of Hennessy. 

He found her sitting on the sofa, one leg crossed over the other, looking as prim and proper as a lady. A lady who had tongued his arsehole not an hour before. He fought to banish the image from his mind. She was a mass of contradictions.

'Your apartment is lovely,' she said softly, gazing out the windows towards the water.

'I think so. I moved in here about a year ago.'

'You've made it very homely.'

Aidan wanted to say that it was his ex that had done that. That it was she would had designed the whole apartment in the hopes of moving in there with him but he decided it was better not to mention anyone else.

'Thank you.' He handed her a glass and turned to her.

She sipped and to her credit, didn't choke back the burning liquid.

'You drink brandy often,' he asked. Eden placed her glass on the glass topped coffee table and leaned towards him.

'Only on special occasions.'

Aidan watched as her face loomed closer to his until she gently brushed her mouth of his.

'Mmm,' she said, tasting him. 'That's nice.'

Aidan placed his glass on the coffee table and turned back to her, wrapping his arms around her and pulling her into him as he fell back against the cushions and lay her atop him. Her hips ground against him as the kiss deepened and their tongues sparred frantically in their mouths. She lifted her face from his.

'I want you,' she said softly, looking into his eyes and simultaneously grinding herself against his erection. 

The carnality of it made his breath catch.

'What do you want, Eden? Tell me what you want and I'll give it to you.'

He could barely believe he was showing as much restraint. His hunger for her was voracious.

She stood up and slowly undid the zipper underneath her arm. The dress fell in a gossamer pool around her feet. His eyes took in every inch of her. From her small but proud breasts with the achingly erect nubs inside her black bra to the planes of her flat stomach and her flaring hips. Her legs were strong looking. Runner's legs. Aidan ran his hands up from the back of her calves to her thighs. She groaned, her head falling back. A fresh wave of greed washed over him. He was going to have her and soon. He promised himself soon. But first, he wanted to reciprocate.

'Lie down on the sofa, Eden,' he commanded gently. Her eyes fluttered open as he spoke and wordlessly, she lay down on the sofa as he stood up. Aidan crouched by the sofa edge, a hand running from her thigh, up across her stomach to her breast. She gave a little whimper and her hips undulated against his sofa cushions. It was all he could do not to come right there and then in his trousers. His finger snagged the elastic at the waist of thong and pulled them slowly down over her hips, her thigh and legs until she kicked them off her feet. He didn't allow himself to look until the thong was gone. 

She was perfect. Dark and neatly trimmed, the evidence of her arousal glistening on the hairs there. She gave another little whimper. Aidan looked at her face. Her eyes were closed and she was biting her lower lip as she writhed.

'What do you want, Eden?'

She gasped as his hand reached under her back and snapped open her bra. She slipped it off her shoulders and threw it on the coffee table. Her breasts her heavier now and her nipples were puckered and pink. 

Aidan forced himself to focus on her.

'Tell me what you want?'

She opened her eyes and looked at him.

'I want you to touch me...'

Aidan smiled. He ran one hand up her inner thigh while the other slowly traced the circumference of her breast before he finally snared her nipple between his fingers and gently flicked it. She gave a yelp of pleasure and suddenly moaned again as his fingers reached where she was wettest. She was soft there. Unimaginably so. He thought he might cry when he slipped a finger in and found her already clenching in anticipation of her orgasm. His thumb ran across the fat little bud of her arousal making her squeal and jump so he withdrew. She was too sensitive yet.

'You're so sensitive there, aren't you, Eden?' he whispered into her ear. 

'You need something softer to touch you there. Something less... invasive. I think I know what you want, Eden.' His whispers seemed to still her but her ragged breaths let him know that Eden liked this. Eden liked to be talked through her orgasm.

He leaned down and captured her rubbery nipple in his mouth, stroking it with his tongue and then flicking gently. 

'Don't move,' he said quickly, rising from where he was crouched and getting a high chair from the breakfast bar. He placed it in front of the window.

Eden lay, her fingers stroking her nipples. In all his life, Aidan had never seen a sight so provocative.

He picked her up and turned, placing her gently into the breakfast bar. He threw a cushion on the floor and knelt down between her knees. 

'I'm going to make you come now, Eden. I want you to come on my tongue.'

She gave a little moan as he settled on his knees and pulled her thighs apart. She was wet, wet and glistening. He kissed up the inside of the velvety skin of her thighs and with the very tip of his tongue, flicked her. She gasped.

His hands reached up and kneaded her breasts before he finally, with the gentlest of touches, teased her nipples. Butterfly light he kept them, learning her as she gasped out words of encouragement and delight.

She tasted better than he could ever have imagined. Like oysters, only warm and more sultry. She was steaming as he delved his fingers into her, feeling her orgasm approaching. She tightened around him and Aidan knew that this was how tight she would be when he slipped himself inside her. The thought made his crotch throb. She wriggled on the seat, her bottom slipping forwards, pushing her quim into his mouth, begging for more.

'That's it baby,' he breathed against her inner thigh, 'come for me.'

Aidan's tongue dipped lower while his fingers tickled her clit. She was moaning now, the same note over and over again. 'Ooh... ooh... ooh.' 

His tongue went lower, finding the tight little rosebud of her bottom, already twitching in anticipation. He fluttered over it, stroking her clit harder and still caressing her right breast.

'Mmm,' he said, his tongue fluttering over it again. It seemed it was all she needed. Eden came, her orgasm sending her into as spasm while Aidans tongue returned to her clit to push her through her barrier and force her higher.

'Oh... AIDAN,' she cried out, her fingers entwined in his chocolate brown hair, her hips writhing against his mouth.

Finally, she grew still. He looked up at her.

'OK?' he asked. She nodded, barely able to speak.

'Better than good,' she said quietly. Aidan smiled. 

He'd wanted it to be good for her. She was, without a doubt, the most sensual woman he'd ever met. She seemed to ooze sex although she was entirely unaware of the fact. There was a quiet sexuality about her that made him want to strip back all the layers of prim and proper professionalism and make her scream out his name. Aidan had achieved that tonight and if he never even got to see her again, he would die happy for the fact that tonight, as she'd come so hard she almost fell off the chair, Eden Cook had cried out his name.

He went into the bedroom and got his robe for her. When he turned to walk back out, she was there, gloriously naked, draped across the doorway.

'No. No clothes yet, Aidan. Speaking of which... aren't you slightly overdressed?'