 DISCLAIMER: All characters mentioned in this story are over the age of 18 and are consenting adults

Author note: Please leave comments discussing what you like and didn't like about this story. I would like to improve my writing.

*****

Three weeks ago:

Fire was burning in my crotch as I opened the door to the filing room in my office. I was wearing tight boxer briefs so my pulsing hardon was pressed tightly to my body. This coupled with my loose trousers managed to disguise my evident passion locked up behind a few pieces of fabric.

I pushed one of the moving storage shelves out of the way and slipped between the two shelves. I was now effectively out of line of sight of the door and near the back of the room. The perfect place to free my veiny trouser snake.

I lean back and close my eyes and start to pump my fist up and down.

My eyes snap open as I hear a high, soft, feminine voice ask me.

"This is the 4th time I've seen you fucking your hand in here but I've never seen you cum. You are denying me my favourite part of the show."

Present day:

My name is Martin and I am hopelessly addicted to edging. I first discovered it as a teenager during my days of online pornography searches trying to find that perfect orgasm. I was particularly drawn to women with big breasts. I was (and still am) absolutely mesmerised by the shape and the way tits move, I suppose you are most often attracted to what you don't have.

When I saw my first edging video, a pale skinned blonde women was wanking a guys cock. I checked the time signature, 1 and a half hours long. No way was this guy kept on the brink for 1 and a half hours! I was fascinated. I locked my door, mum long having realised that she should never enter unnanounced, and I watched the whole thing.

I listened to the woman's voice talking about how he'd like to shoot his spunk all over her pretty face and how he wasn't allowed to cum yet. I watched the mans dick pulsate and the veins engorge and stick out. The tip of his cock swelling and swelling as his desire grew.

By the end of it the man was begging for a release. I could hear the desperation in his voice.

After nearly an hour and a half of blissful sexual torture she gave it to him. Torrent after torrent of jizz detonated from the tip of his cock. His screams of pleasure were unlike anything I've ever heard and I was absolutely hooked.

Fast forward to today and I often spend days edging myself, building myself up for that perfect orgasm. Which, ironically is how I met Jessica three weeks ago.

Standing before me was this short woman with hair which she would describe as strawberry blonde but I would describe as ginger. She had nice proportions, lovely flared hips beneath a cinched waist and a flat stomach. Most notably is how amazingly stacked she was. Probably exaggerated by her short height but I don't care. Her tits are perfect and appeal to my every teenage dream.

At this point I was into day 3 of edging. Normally, I work my cock up in to an erection and stroke myself for a few minutes until I feel the muscles in the base of my prick start twitching. I then stop wait for my lust to subside and do it again. I do this throughout the day in various places both with and without porn.

The look of stunned unexpectedness on my face probably prompted her to smile. God she looks so pretty when she smiles. Perfect white teeth with piercing green eyes framed by fiery ginger hair.

"Well then." She said. "If you aren't going to finish you, I'll have to do it."

With that she undid the first few buttons on her blouse to show the canyon of her cleavage and took my cock in her hands. She squatted down on her haunches and looked up at me with those bright eyes and began talking to me just like that woman in the porno all those years ago.

"You're such a naughty boy aren't you?"

"Touching yourself but never having a release?"

"You like looking at my tits don't you? I've seen you sneaking glances whilst I walk around the office."

"Don't cum until I tell you. This dick is under my command now."

I felt the muscles in the base of my dick start twitching and she took her hands off my cock.

"No, you have to beg." she said.

"Please, I need to..." I stammered.

"No." she replied forcefully. "You will cum when I say you are allowed and not before!"

"I...I..." the pleasure of her hand and now sheer absence of pleasure had truly scrambled my ability to talk.

"Fine." She breathed and rolled her eyes. "As this is the first time I will make you cum quickly. But don't get used to it."

My cock by this point was making massive amounts of pre-cum which she slathered all over my cock head and began pistoning her fist up and down the bruised glans. I couldn't take much more and I finally found my voice.

"I can't stop it mistress. I'm going to cum. It isn't stopping" I cried out

She looked up at me and grinned. She then simply took her hands off my dick and popped the tip into her mouth.

I was so close, I wasn't just on the brink I was dangling off but still holding on with just my little finger.

Then she sucked her cheeks in tight and engulfed my cock all the way to the back of her throat. The pressure on my wet cock head was finally enough to send me over into the abyss.

Cum raged forth from my dick leaking and spraying all the way down the back of her throat. I was in heaven. For three days my body had been craving this pleasure and now it finally got it. My knees went weak and I could barely keep myself upright.

When I was spent I slithered down the wall and sat down, looking at her eye level.

She'd swallowed all of my jizz and was buttoning up her blouse.

"I hope you don't mind the roleplay but I've seen you edging yourself in here a few times and it's so hot I couldn't help getting in to character."

"I didn't mind, actually, you just fulfilled my number one fantasy."

"Well, in that case. I'll make a point to follow you in here more often."

She winked, stood and left the filing room.