 Going away for the summer was never something I enjoyed doing with my family. It was a tradition that had held ever since I could remember. The cruise was a fun idea, however, spending the summer with my mother wasn't. It tended to put a crimp in my single, swinging lifestyle. There wasn't much I could do though, the plans were made and I had to fulfill my familial obligations.

The phone rang as I was packing, and I rushed to pick it up. Mom had been busting my ass about the trip for the past few weeks. It wasn't her on the other line though.

"Hello, is this Mr. Kyle Daniels?"

"Yes," I said.

"I'm calling to check up and see if you're still available for filling in for a summer teaching position?"

I jumped up a little inside. I knew it would break her heart, but she'd understand. That and I'd rather get some extra money, so I leapt at the chance. "Yes, of course!"

The rest of the call was pretty standard, and before I knew it I had found myself some summer work and a way out of the dread summer at sea my mother was hellbent on taking me on. The call to let her down easy went less than swimmingly, but I managed. Eventually, she understood and muttered something about taking someone else. 

----

The next day, I got assigned to my English class for the summer. A lot of the kids didn't want to be there, but for the most of them it was some tedium during the break or repeating a grade. I felt for them, but I wasn't going to go easy on them either.

What did make it easier was another teacher that I had worked with before. We sort of had a thing, but tried to keep it professional. With the increased work-load, we found ourselves having lunch more often, bitching about students, and generally spending more time together. It was nice. Hell, it was work, but it was nice. Those days sure beat the hell out of avoiding the shuffleboard deck and old women in stretch fabric they shouldn't be in.

One day, we were loitering after working on gradings. The school was better air conditioned than either of our apartments, so the cool air was a welcome change. The heat still spilled in from the outside though, mixing in a strange way that gave me a good shot at my cohort's chill stiffened nipples. I found my eyes drawn to them automatically.

"See something you like, Kyle?" She grinned as she poked me with the pen she was using.

"Well, um I don't dislike." I said feeling both excited and nervous. She wordlessly turned walking toward the door. I watched her ass as she moved. I heard the door lock click. A chill shuddered through me my cock was straining against the fabric.

"Cassie, what are you..." I couldn't even finish the question her lips were on mine. Her hands were reaching inside my pants. Cassie squeezed my aching cock in her hand.

She pulled out of the kiss, and leaned in to whisper. "We both want it Kyle, fuck me." 

That's one thing I loved about Cassie she was very straight to the point. I mused on this while she hopped up on the desk. She spread her legs wide revealing she had no panties on.

"After school snack Mr. Daniels?" She cooed at me. How could I resist? I knelt in front of the desk in front of her, she pushed her pussy closer to the edge. My tongue traced her pussy lips bumping teasingly at her clit. She gasped and writhed above me. I knew Cassie and I knew while she was enjoying this, she wanted more.

I stood up stepping away from the desk. Cassie had that look in her eye. I hurried and undid my pants. pulling them down. In a very surreal moment, I watched her crawl across the floor. Seconds later her mouth was wrapped around the head of my cock. 

The warm velvet feel sent a shock down the shaft of my cock. I moved her hair out of her face so I could see her plump lips sliding up and down my cock. At that moment, I could feel the head of my cock hitting the back of her throat and she looked up at me before burying her face against my pelvis, effortlessly taking my thick cock into her throat. My fingers tightened in her hair as I could feel her swallow before starting to bob quickly on the rigid length. 

I bit my bottom lip, knowing I couldn't keep up that pace for long and pulled her head back a little and she slid back up to the tip, circling it with the flat of her tongue. Her eyes sparkled again with that mischievous glimmer as she swallowed me whole again, this time cupping my balls in her hand, eagerly coaxing the cum out of them before I came hard in her mouth. 

Smiling as she swallowed, she got up off the floor to straddle me. I could feel the hot wetness of her pussy brush against the aching, twitching head of my cock. Despite having just cum, I sprung back to action quickly, not knowing when the next time I'd get a chance like this. She chuckled a little as my cock re-hardened under her.

"Mmm, glad that didn't waste you," she said with a deep look of lust as she grabbed the shaft of my cock, guiding the head up into her pussy. She was hot, wet and tight. I groaned as she lowered herself inch by inch onto my lap, burying my cock deep inside her. She wriggled a little before I pulled her back up along the length, keeping my hands on her ass. 

We fucked for almost an hour, using every inch of the teacher's lounge in a plethora of positions. It was like our bodies couldn't get enough of each other until we were about to collapse. Breathlessly, we laid together on the couch in the break room. 

"That was quite the work out," I said, laughing a little . 

"Yeah, we'll have to do it again sometime. Nothing like good cardio," she said with a smirk before getting up and getting dressed. "See you tomorrow?"

"Of course. Same time and everything?"

"And maybe we'll even get some work done."