 Writers note: This is the second part of a true story about an affair I had 8 years ago. There is a lot dialogue in the beginning, but I feel it's important to properly telling this. As with the first chapter, there is little bit of very tame bathroom play in her as well. If you don't like reading about that sort of play, well don't read this. Otherwise, enjoy!

T

Chapter 2

Thursday morning came around and I was back at my office at the usual time. I got online, fired up ICQ, and within a few minutes, Pam came on line.

"Kisssssssssssssss," was her first message

"Kisssssssssssssss," I replied back.

She wrote, "Yesterday was fantastic!"

I said back, "yes it was!"

She typed back, "Even after all of that, do you believe, that I was still horny?"

I was just about to reply, when she said, "I got here to the house, was getting changed for work, and while I was taking a pee, something came over me and I masturbated!"

Then she added, "I have never done that in the afternoon before!"

I sent a smiley and said, "I must have pushed the right buttons or something."

A smiley came back, and she wrote, "or something."

Her next message read, "I can't believe how naughty I was."

I replied, "you weren't that bad."

There was a little bit of wait before she said, "your sperm tasted really good."

I said, "your pussy tasted pretty good."

Her next one read, "LOL. If we keep this up, I'll be heading back to the bathroom."

I sent another smiley and typed, "you will have to go sooner or later."

She wrote back, "I just went before I got on line."

Feeling the devil, I said, "and????"

The message flew back, "to pee!"

There was another exchange of smiley's, then she wrote, "I have question?"

I replied, "sure."

She typed, "do you masturbate?"

Then she typed, "I know most guys do."

I replied, "A lot of women do, they just don't admit it."

She said back, "true."

I wrote, "And to be honest, yes I do."

She typed, "okay. A lot?"

I said, "nosy! About once a day but I don't climax. It helps build my staying power."

She wrote, "oh, I see."

I then typed, "but to be honest, it has been a few months since I last had sex and I didn't want any accidents yesterday, so I whacked off on Tuesday after you got off line."

There was more than a few seconds of wait, then, "you did that for me?"

I said, "yes. Because I wanted to be able to please you properly."

"That was nice of you," she wrote, then "kisssssssssssss."

"Kissssssssss," I replied.

She typed, "well, since we aren't getting together next week, will you do it again before you see me?"

"Maybe, maybe not," I wrote back.

She typed, "and if you do, who will you be thinking of?" and sent a smiley.

I sent a smiley back and said, "you of course."

Little bit of silence at her end, then, "damn, I'm getting horny again."

I wrote, "well go fix it." and sent a smiley.

"Maybe when I take my shower," she said.

"That works," I wrote.

I checked the time and said, "I hate to break this off dear, but I have to get going on an appointment this morning."

She wrote back, "okay."

I said, "I won't be around tomorrow either. I have a call to go on early and everything always goes wrong at this place and I know I won't be back till after you leave."

She typed, "well I guess I will talk to you on Monday then.'

I said, "Yepper. Kisssssssssssssss."

"Kissssssssssss" came back from her and she got off line.

Friday, as expected, turned into another fiasco. This was one of those clients, that was so jinxed with computer problems, that I couldn't even change a keyboard out, without it turning into a hour long cussing match with the computer. I ran down to the office on Saturday to check the mail and the email. I fired up ICQ on a whim and while I was reading my email, she came on-line.

"I didn't think you would be there," she wrote.

I said, "I'm usually here on Saturday morning to check the mail."

She typed back, "oh. I only have a few minutes here."

"Okay," I replied.

She wrote back quick, "damn, I have to go, I miss you,"" and dropped back off line.

Monday morning she was back on line. We exchanged our usual kisses and good mornings.

She wrote, "well it started."

I said back, "what?"

She said, "my period."

I said, "Okay. Did you have any doubts that it would?"

She said, "no silly. It's just a day early."

"Better early than late are my feelings on that issue." I said.

"I guess," she wrote back.

"Get lucky this weekend?", I typed and send a smiley.

She wrote, "no. He doesn't come near me when he knows I'll be getting my period."

And then fired back, "thankfully"

I said, "why, are you that much of bitch?"

She said, "no, just the opposite. A couple of years after we got married, he got on me and did his thing. I didn't think that it started yet, but when he was finished and saw the blood, he freaked out."

"Weird," I said back.

"I guess that doesn't bother you?" she asked.

I typed, "no. That is why they make showers."

"You are something else," she sent.

I said, "Not the first time I've been accused of that, and it sure won't be the last," and finished with a smiley.

Our conversation for the rest of the morning and for most of the rest of the week, were pretty much like that. Flirting, talking about work and life, and of course, sex talk.

The next Monday rolled around with it's usual dull thud. A little later than usual, Pam came on ICQ. We exchanged greetings and kisses like always. 

I wrote, "so how was your weekend dear?"

She typed back, "it okay, nothing special. And yours?"

I said, "the same here. Did you get lucky?" and sent a smiley.

She wrote back, "he did, Saturday night. He asked me on Saturday morning if my thing was done. I told him it stopped on Friday. Had I been smart, I would have said no, and put a Tampax in before going to bed on Saturday."

"LOL," I typed, "but then he would have jumped you on Sunday instead."

"Probably. He is good husband and father," she replied, "and we don't fight much. He is just lousy in bed."

I wrote back, "well, you have my sympathies there, but I'm not going to complain. Kisssssssssssssss"

"Kisssssssssssssssss" came her response.

I was thinking of what to say next, when she said, "I have question?"

That was her way of inquiring about something to do with sex, which was always a fun topic.

"Yes?" was my answer.

"What kind of naughty things do you have planned for me on Wednesday? she wrote and followed with a smiley.

I thought for a second and typed, "plan? I don't have a plan. I just go with what with I am feeling at the moment."

"Like I believe that for a minute," she typed.

"Besides," I continued, "isn't it more fun to surprised?" and sent a smiley.

She wrote, "you sure surprised me the last time."

I said, "you managed to do the same to me a couple of times."

"How?" she asked.

"First when you asked me into the bathroom to watch you pee," I wrote.

She sent a smiley back.

"Then when you sucked my cock and swallowed my sperm," was my next line.

There was a little hesitation, then she typed, "your sperm tasted nice. Kisssssssssss."

Knowing full well that she hadn't sucked her husband's cock in a long, because he was a jerk about it, I wrote, "better than hubby's? Kisssssssssssssssss."

"No comment, kissssssssssss," was her reply back. 

I decided to quit while I was ahead in that department if I wanted her to keep sucking my cock.

She said " I won't be here tomorrow. I have something to take care of at the school for one of my kids, and then I have an OB-GYN visit."

"No problems, I hope," I typed.

She sent back, "no, just my annual checkup."

I said, "I will miss you."

She typed, "I guess I will see you Wednesday morning."

I said, "since you know where the motel is, just meet me there. Look for my truck. I'll write the room number on a piece of paper and stick it under the wiper on the driver's side."

She replied, "why don't you just wait outside for me?"

I wrote back, "we probably won't be the only ones there, and seeing someone waiting around outside, might scare someone away from having their fun."

"That makes sense," she said.

"Don't be late, kisssssssssssssssssss", I finished with.

"Kisssssssssssssssssss," she wrote and logged off. 

I thought about whacking off again to give me some more staying power, but I figured I would be okay in that department. Tuesday went by quick enough. Wednesday morning, I made a quick stop at the office to check my email and ICQ. There were no messages from her, so I got on my way. I stopped at the motel office and paid for the room like usual. It was the same one as the last time we were there. I pulled the truck up to the building and left the note with the room number under my wiper. Going into the room, I turned on a lamp, shut the curtains, made sure the heat was turned up to where it would comfortable, and then pulled the covers down off the bed. I was just about to turn on the TV and watch a little, then I heard a knock at the door. I went over. opened it, and there she stood. She walked in, I closed and locked the door, and she dropped her purse on the table, that the lamp was on. Turning around and without saying a word, she put her arms around me. I put my arms around her and our lips locked in a long kiss.

When it finished, we hugged hard and she whispered in my ear, "I am so horny."

I whispered back, "I'll have to do something about that." She let out a low moan in my ear. Unwrapping from the hug, she took her coat off. She was wearing the same sheer blouse, with a full slip underneath and no bra. Her skirt was the same, long jeans skirt with buttons down the front. I knew she wasn't wearing panties either.

"Damn, you look terrific," I said.

She smiled and said, "thank you. You are looking pretty good yourself. 

I'm sure the fact that my erect cock was tenting through the front of my pants, had something to do with that comment. We embraced and locked our lips into another long kiss. She moved her hands to the front of my shirt and unbuttoned it. Then she placed her hands my chest and ran them all over it. While I was waiting for her, I had already unbuttoned the cuffs my shirt and rolled them up a little. We kept that kiss going for a long time and when it ended, I looked deep in her eyes. She had that hungry look, the kind that says, "fuck me good." She pulled my shirt off. I reached down and started unbuttoning her skirt. Just down far enough, so I could slide it off her ass and to the floor. I reached behind her and after stroking her back a little, I reached down and I grabbed her slip covered ass cheeks, with both hands. Pulling her back into another kiss, I started squeezing her ass cheeks and rubbing them together. I feel her breathing getting faster and I could hear soft moans coming from her, even as I kissed her. Sliding my hands around to the front of her body, I brought them up and unbuttoned her blouse. Pushing it open, I cupped her breasts with my hands and then took her nipples between my thumbs and index fingers. Her nipples were large and long from breast-feeding her three kids. The last time we had sex, I had played and sucked on them, but I was fairly gentle. This time I decided to see how much she could take.

We broke the kiss and I could feel her unbuttoning the cuffs of her blouse. She pulled her arms off of my neck and wiggled out of her blouse, which joined her skirt and my shirt on the carpet. All the while she was doing this, I was gently playing with her nipples She brought her arms back up around my neck. I started pinching her nipples with ever increasing force and I twisted them slightly as well. I increased the pressure. Her eyes opened with a look of surprise in them. 

She inhaled sharply, then she started making little "a a a" sounds." 

I relaxed my grip and went back to gently playing with them for a minute. She slowly exhaled. After a little while, I starting pinching them again. She drew in, an even deeper breath, but kept panting lightly as I squeezed even harder this time. Her eyes this time, got a look of desperation and almost fear. I released my grip, and she exhaled as deep as she had inhaled. Then she started moaning heavier. Taking my hands from her breasts, I lightly kissed her mouth, and I reached down to the hem of her slip, and pulled it up over her head. I kicked off my shoes and this was her clue to open my pants. She slid them down to my knees. Then kneeling on the floor, she pulled them off my legs. Then she slowly slid my underwear down till my cock sprung free, and my balls. She then quickly pushed them all the way and off. She finished up by pulling my socks off.

Still kneeling, she slowly slid her hands up my legs and cupped my balls. I moved my one leg over a little so she could get a better feel. Leaning forward, she opened her mouth, and lightly wrapped her lips around the head of my cock. She started slowly rolling her tongue around it. Her tongue stopped at the underside and she started slowly licking there. Damn, that felt good. I knew if I let her keep that up too long, the party would be over way too fast. She must have sensed that also, because she slowly slid her lips off of my cock. Moving one of her hands to the base of my cock, she wrapped her fingers around it and slowly moved them up to her lips. I knew there would be big drop of precum waiting at my piss slit.

She licked the drop off the tip, stroked my cock a second time, licked it again, and I heard her say, "so sweet."

I said, "stand up dear."

She gave my cock one more kiss, and I helped her stand up. She put her arms around me, and we locked into another kiss. I reached down to her pubes. She had a very full bush of soft and fine hair. But for some reason, it felt even softer today. 

As I was stroking her pubes, she pulled away from the kiss, laid her cheek against mine, and whispered, "You like?"

I whispered back, "you know I do."

Still whispering, she said, "I washed it with shampoo and conditioner. I wanted it to be perfect."

Knowing that was something that few women would do, I whispered back "thank you, dear."

She hugged me tighter then started licking my ear with her tongue. I slowly slid my hand down to the top of her cunt. I could feel she was really wet. I lightly moved my fingers around the moisture.

Whispering again, she said, "I've been like that since I got of bed this morning."

Then I asked in another whisper, "did you play with yourself in the shower?"

She giggled a little, "I did a little, but I didn't cum."

I kept on lightly stroking the outer area of her lips and cunt. She started moving her hips a little.

"You are being mean today," she whispered again.

I started tonguing her ear, like she had done to mine. I then slid my middle finger deeply into her well soaked cunt.

"Better!, she moaned softly.

I started slowly moving it around in there. 

"Much, much, better," she said still in a low soft voice.

I slid it out and then went back in with both my middle and my index finger. Her moans got a little faster and her hips started moving faster as well. After a minute of this, I pulled them out and lightly started caressing the top of her clit.

"Please," I heard her whisper with a combination of desire and desperation, "please, please!"

Pressing down hard on her clit with my middle finger, I started working it fast. I didn't know if there was anyone in the rooms beside us, but figuring she would probably let out a scream when she came, I locked our lips in kiss. It was only a matter of seconds before I felt her shaking and then her first orgasm hit her like a punch in the stomach. Her shaking intensified and her knees started buckling. I kept up the pressure and speed on her clit, and it wasn't long before the next one came ripping through her body. I lightened my movements just a little and let her catch her breath as the second subsided. I started working her clit again, and a third one climax, just as intense as the first two, wracked her body with pleasure. I went back to just lightly stroking her clit and back to the outside of her cunt. Ending the kiss, I again laid my cheek against hers. She was still panting and lightly moaning. I moved my hand off of her cunt and put it around her.

"Let's go to bed," I whispered.

"I'm ready," she said in between her still heavy breaths.

Taking her hand, we walked over to the king sized bed. She got on and laid down in the center. I followed and reached up and grabbed a couple of the pillows. One, I slid under her head, the other went under mine. We laid there for a while kissing and touching. She lightly stroked my cock and balls as I was did the same to her pubes and cunt.

"Did you whack off this week?" she asked with a little smile.

"No," I replied, "I figured your pussy needed my sperm more than my toilet."

She let out little moan as I touched a sensitive spot with my finger.

I said, "there is a big, big, load in there."

Another moan, then she smiled again and said, "more than one I hope."

I just laughed a little and started moving my tongue down her chest to the breast and nipple that was closest to me. I started licking and sucking it. She started running her fingers through my hair. Pulling my hand off of her cunt. I reached over and grabbed her other nipple with my thumb and index finger.

As I was rolling it lightly around between them, I asked, "did you like it when I pinched them real hard?"

There was a little silence and then she said almost in a whisper, "it hurt, but it also felt good."

I waited a little and asked, "can I do it again?"

After a little hesitation, she whispered, "okay," and stared to tense up.

"Just relax," I said, "and breath normally."

"Okay," again, she whispered back.

I started increasing the pressure on the one I was holding in my fingers, as I gently sucked the other one. I pinched harder and gave it a twist. She was breathing slowly and deeply. After about 10 seconds, I relaxed my grip and just gently rolled it a few times. I pulled my mouth off of the one I was sucking on, and taking that one, between my two fingers, I repeated what I had done to the other one, just a little harder and for a few seconds longer. I also gently licked the tip of it, the whole time. When I was finished, I let go and just gently massaged her breast for a little while. I looked up and she had a strange look on her face. I knew I had just opened up a new chapter in her book of sex play. I leaned up and forward and then gently kissed her on the lips. Then I started making my way slowly down her body with little kisses. I started to move in between her legs and as I did, I reached up and grabbed the pillow I was laying on. 

As I got in between her legs, I said, "lift your hips up a little."

She did, and after folding the pillow in half, I slid it under them. I pushed it far enough back, so it wouldn't get in the way of what I had planned. She wiggled her hips a little as she settled down in it. I leaned back and surveyed her cunt and ass for a little while. I looked up at her and she was blushing.

"Get a good look?," she asked, with a little smile.

"I'm just planning my trip," I replied back.

She just kept smiling and didn't say anything back. I reached out and spread her knees as far as they would go. I leaned forward, and starting at the top of one knee, slowly kissed my way down the inside of her leg till I reached the outer areas of her pubes. I repeated this on her leg. She started making little moaning noises. Moving back to the first leg, I started with little love bites down her leg. 

She started making, "ooo, ooo, ooo," noises as I did, with them getting a little louder as I got to the tender area inside her thigh and the outer edge of her cunt.
