 Thursday

At last! John didn't know it but a momentous day had arrived. Val had been waiting all week for this and she spent the day flushed with excitement and anticipation. She was more like a schoolgirl going on her first date than a mature woman with a grown up family.

What was the matter with her? She'd had lots of sexual partners in the past, yet here she was getting all worked up over the prospect of fucking an eighteen-year-old boy. She couldn't help it ... she could hardly remember the last time she had been fucked and the thought of having John's lovely big young cock inside her was driving her wild. 

She loved his cock and their relationship had now reached the stage where she was getting it out and playing with it at every opportunity. And at the same time, John took the same liberties with Val's tits and he was in the early stages of helping himself to her cunt.

****

John arrived home from school at the usual time and Val was waiting for him at the door. She was dressed, as usual, in the minimum of clothing and looking as gorgeous as ever. As soon as he was inside the door, they were in each other's arms, kissing and groping as they went through to the kitchen for their evening meal.

But in spite of that initial show of passion, Val wanted to take things slowly and really make the anticipation of evening's ultimate event last for as long as possible. When they finally went through into the lounge, armed with two strong drinks to relax them and get them in the mood, Val put on the hi-fi and selected some slow smoochy music. They sat sipping their drinks and cuddling until Val finally suggested that they get up and dance. 

John held Val very close and through his shirt, he could feel her breasts pressing against his chest. Val was also very much aware of John's cock hardening against her thigh and rubbed herself against it as she pushed her leg between his. They were both becoming very aroused and Val decided it was time to progress a little further.

"Don't you think it would be nicer if we did this without any clothes on? Come on ... let's take them off". she whispered in John's ear.

Val was only wearing a loose blouse and a mini skirt and John only had on a shirt and trousers. Neither of them was wearing any underclothes, so they were very quickly naked. At the first sight of Val's naked body, John immediately became fully erect. Unlike a lot of men, John's erection didn't point up towards his stomach. Instead it stood straight out at right angles to his body, pointing directly at Val like a ramrod. When they again resumed dancing, Val crushed her tits against his chest as his cock slid between her thighs. Val reached down and lifted his cock so that it was lay against her stomach then trapping it there, she proceeded to dance, rolling his cock between them.

It wasn't long before she felt the stickiness of his pre cum against her flesh so she eased her stomach away from him and let his cock take its place between her thighs again. Now she too was lubricating freely so she stopped moving her feet and just stood with his shaft nestling against her swollen wet pussy lips. She started to move her hips back and forth, masturbating his cock between her thighs. John lifted his arms, leaned back and started to fondle her tits. Val felt his cock get grow bigger and harder and moved her hips faster.

"Oh Val, if you keep doing that I'm going to come."

"Then let it come John ... come for me. I want you to come between my legs and I want to feel it running down my thighs."

John came with a grunt and his cum squirted in jets between Val's legs, covering her pussy and running down her thighs, just as she had wished. She broke away from him and cleaned herself up with a tissue as John collapsed on the sofa.

"What a lovely start to the evening. Did you enjoy that John?"

"Oh yes ... it was really a nice way to come. My cock felt so good between your legs and your thighs felt so soft and smooth." 

Val went out to replenish their drinks and when she returned, John's cock was semi-flaccid and lying across his thigh. She took a long gulp from her glass then knelt down between his legs. She looked closely at his cock, soft and limp with the tip of its purple head just peeping out from inside his generous foreskin. Then she took it gently in her hand and lovingly lifted it up.

"Now I'm going to give you another little treat." She said 

John watched as she drew back his foreskin, lowered her head and took his cock in her mouth. The first touch of her tongue was electrifying and his cock started to harden as she swirled her tongue all round the bulbous knob. 

"Oh Val ... oh my God ... what are you doing?"

Val removed his cock from her mouth and said "What's the matter John ... don't you like it?"

"Oh yes, it feels wonderful ... but I didn't think you would do a thing like that." "Oh yes John, you would be surprised at some of the things we women do and I'll show you lots more before your mother comes home. But now lie back and let me get on with what I'm doing. I'm going to enjoy this as much as you are." 

She put his cock back in her mouth again, taking in as much as she could of his huge member. Then she started moving her mouth up and down his cock, taking more and more of its length with each downward stroke. It felt very tight in her throat and she wasn't sure how much of it she could swallow, but she persevered and gradually she took it in deeper and deeper until finally, she swallowed it all. The head was now right down her throat ... she had heard of deep throating but she never thought she would be able to do it without gagging and choking. But she found she loved the feel of the bulbous head as she forced it down. With it deep in her throat, her nose pressed against his pubic hair and she found that she was able to put out her tongue and lick his balls. Having at last managing to take it all, she held it there for a moment before starting to move her head up and down.

She bobbed her head up and down, sucking and dribbling over his rigid prick gradually getting faster until he felt his sperm beginning to rise. John didn't realise that she wanted to swallow his cum and not wanting to offend her by coming in her mouth, he tried to pull away, but Val held him to her, keeping his cock deep in her mouth and sucking hard.

"If you don't stop, I'm going to come in your mouth Val." He cried desperately "Oh Val, I can't hold back any longer. Oooohh my God, here it comes."

He came with a rush and shot huge jets of hot sperm into her mouth. Val kept on sucking and swallowing frantically and with a heroic effort, she managed to take it all down her throat.

"Oh I'm sorry Val ... I tried to warn you but I couldn't stop it coming."

Val continued to suck his softening cock until it was quite drained then removed it from her mouth and licked it clean. Then she licked her lips and smiled up at him.

"Oh John, there's nothing for you to be sorry about. You weren't to know but most women like to swallow their partner's cum and I wanted to taste yours. I must say it was very good and now I've had a taste, it has made me want to taste you again."

"Oh I thought it would be offensive to you and I didn't want to offend you by coming in your mouth."

"Well now you know a little more about women. And now, in return, I want you to do it to me. Will you do that for me John? Will you lick my pussy and suck my clit and make me come too?"

John was a little taken aback at her request. He hadn't anticipated the she would want to be sucked in return. He had always imagined that a woman's genitals would be dirty and smelly and he wasn't sure if he could bring himself to do it. But since she had done it to him, he felt obliged to steel himself and return the favour.

"I'll try Val, but I don't know if I shall be able to do it the way you want me to."

"Well first of all let's change places. Then I want you to start slowly and play with my pussy with your fingers for a while until you get me aroused."

Val sat on the sofa and John knelt down in front of her. She opened her legs so that he could run his hands up the wonderfully smooth soft flesh on the inside of her thighs. Then when his fingers first touched her outer lips, she opened her legs wider giving him full access to her moist cunt.

She was now lubricating freely and John's was able to slide his fingers easily up inside her. Her hole felt wet and warm as he groped around, enjoying the slippery feeling of her wetness. Then he started moving his fingers in and out, rotating his hand and gently clawing at the inner walls. 

Val ran her hand down over her flat belly and started to dub her clit creating a delicious feeling. Her hips started to buck as she pushed her cunt on to his fingers meeting his every inward thrust. Then she felt the familiar stirrings deep within her and she knew she was getting close to orgasm.

"Oh that feels so nice John ... now take your fingers out and suck me ... I want you to make me come again."

Now was the moment of truth for John. Nervously and hesitatingly, her leaned forward and put his lips to her swollen pouting labia. He kissed them gently then touched them with his tongue. He took a deep breath and was surprised at the pleasant and exciting musty aroma of her cunt. He ran his tongue up between her pussy lips until he was able to lick her clit. 

To his surprise, he liked the smell and taste of her juices and started to suck her clit furiously. He reached up and fondled her breasts as he took his mouth from her clit and went back to her labia. They were protruding from her cunt thick and fleshy and John was able to suck them deep into his mouth and chew them lovingly. 

This was a wonderful new sensation to him and he loved it. His cock was now rock hard and he was almost coming himself without any manual stimulation. He brought his hands down from her tits and while he rubbed her clit with one hand, he opened up her cunt lips with the other so he could push his tongue into her vagina.

Val was now about to come and she bucked her hips and rotated her cunt into John's face as he licked and sucked it and fucked her with his tongue. They were both almost delirious with lust and couldn't get enough of each other.

"Oh John, that's wonderful ... ooohh I'm going to come ... don't stop ... don't stop ... ooohh please don't stop. Suck me darling ... suck my cunt and lick my clit. Oooohh I'm coming ... I'm cooommmming."

John was amazed and almost frightened by the intensity of her climax, but as she had begged him, he kept on eating her pussy. As she calmed down, her copious warm juices flowed freely from her cunt. He kept on sucking and swallowing, savouring the sweet sticky taste in his mouth. He felt no revulsion and knew that he would do this to her again whenever he could.

He sat back on his heels and gazed at her cunt, which looked so exciting with her clit just peeping out from beneath its hood. He reached for it and worked the loose folds of skin quickly back and forth and watched as it emerged and retracted. Then, forcing it out with one hand, he started to play with it with the other. He ran his finger over the tip then flicked it up and down and from side to side, watching it intently. Then as he took hold of it between his finger and thumb, he pushed his fingers up inside her again. He stroked her clit as if he was jerking off a tiny cock. His own cock was now sticking out rigid and hard and he knew he wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. 

"Oh John, that feels just wonderful. You are doing it perfectly. Don't stop, you're going to make me come again."

John pushed his fingers in and out of her hole as he played with her erect and swollen clit. Val lay back with her eyes shut and as she fondled her breasts, she wallowed in the wonderful feeling John was creating in her loins. Then the feeling started to become more intense.

"Oh darling yes, I can feel another orgasm starting again. Don't stop, oh please don't stop now ... push your fingers in deeper but don't stop playing with my clit. Oh darling, I want to come again. It's a long time since I could relax like this and let someone make me come."

Her clit was now big and swollen and as he continued to play with it, she bucked her hips up to him, meeting every thrust of his fingers. Her head was back and her eyes were closed, her hands gripped the cushions each side of her naked body and her huge tits, with their erect pink nipples rolled about on her chest. She started to moan in ecstasy.

"Oh John, I'm coming ... for God's sake don't stop now ... yes, oh yesss, Here it comes ... ooohh ... oooooohhh ... ooohhhhh ... yes I'm cooommmming." 

She let out a long deep moan as her body shook and convulsed in the throes of an earth-shattering orgasm. The pleasure lasted for a few moments then the intensity subsided. But almost immediately, she felt the stirrings of another and as it built up, she moaned and thrashed around on the sofa as she thrust herself on to his probing fingers.

"Oh darling, this is so beautiful ... I going to come again. I can feel another one starting. Oh John, please make me come again."

By now John was almost overcome with desire and he was barely in control of his actions. His cock was now painfully hard and poking straight out in front of him, only inches from Val's grasping cunt. The sight of her rubbery cunt lips dragging up and down his fingers as he pushed them in and out, the feel of her hard little clit and the sight of her huge tits wobbling around on her chest was more than he could bear. 

Then his lust got the better of him and throwing caution to the wind, he pulled his fingers from her cunt with a sucking sound. Val was now on the verge of another powerful orgasm and yelled at him to put them back. Quickly, he knelt up straight so that his prick was directly in line with her cunt then holding her lips open with one hand, he put the head of his throbbing member between them and moved it up and down the wet gash. His desire was so powerful that he was now completely out of control. He put the swollen head of his rampant cock at the entrance to her cunt and with one steady push he thrust it slowly up inside her.

This was the moment he had fantasised about ever since he first arrived at Val's home but he never dreamed it would happen in a million years. As his cock went fully home, he leaned forward on to her body and put his arms around her, giving her a passionate kiss and squashing her tits against his chest. The warm wet feel of her soft cunt wrapped around his cock was indescribable and beyond his wildest dreams.

To say that Val was taken by completely surprise would be the understatement of the year and as felt him thrust his cock up inside her she opened her eyes with a start. 

"Oh my God, what are you doing John. No ... no ... you shouldn't be doing that ... oh please stop ... I hadn't intended this to happen just yet." 

But in spite of her feeble protestations, she made no attempt to stop him. Deep down she just needed to come again and now she was so close, she was past caring how it happened.

"Oh Val, I want you ... I want to fuck you ...you are so beautiful and I want to feel my cock in your cunt. I've dreamt of this moment since the day I arrived. I've been desperate to fuck you and playing with your pussy and feeling your tits was just too much for me." 

By now, John had reached the point of no return and started thrusting in and out of her like an animal. His inexperience was apparent and he started to come almost as soon as he had entered her. With each thrust he shot a jet of warm sperm deep into her and soon it was running out over his cock and dripping down on to his balls. 

Val felt his cum shoot up inside her, bathing the walls of her cunt as his huge cock battered the entrance to her cervix. She was overjoyed to think that she could cast such a spell over him and now that he was fucking her, she didn't want him to stop.

"Oh John darling ... I knew you wanted to fuck me and I have wanted it too. I've been dying to feel that lovely big cock inside me so don't you dare take it out until you've made me come again. Now fuck me ... hard."

She lifted her feet off the floor and pulled her knees up towards her shoulders, at the same time spreading her legs as wide as she could to enable him to get in deeper. His cock remained hard inside her and as he started to thrust deeper, he knew he would not be long before he would be coming again.

"Come on John ... stick it in deep and fuck me ... that's right ... deeper ... get it in deeper ... fuck me ... fuck me harder ... oh yes, I'm coming ... I'm coming again ...ooohh ... oooooohhh."

Hearing Val talking like that had the desired effect on him and as Val enjoyed another mind-blowing orgasm, he too, came again. Val was expert at using her vaginal muscles and she skilfully contracted and relaxed them, milking the last drops of cum from the cock she had been waiting for.

Finally, completely spent, he pulled it out and sat beside her. Although he was completely sexually satisfied, he still got great pleasure from her naked body and as he cuddled up to her, he couldn't resist playing with her tits. 

As for Val, she had not felt so sexually fulfilled for a long time and knowing that John would soon be returning home, she wanted to make the most of the present situation and sat gently fondling his soft cock. After a few minutes of mutual pleasure Val turned and gave him a long and passionate kiss.

"It was very naughty of you to take advantage of me like that ... but don't worry ... I'm not cross ... in fact I'm glad you did. I was going to let you fuck me tonight anyway."

"Thank you Val ... I didn't mean to take advantage of you ... I just couldn't stop myself."

"Sex is a very powerful emotion isn't it and one that is hard to resist. I feel very flattered that I was able to stir that emotion in you. I was afraid that you would find my body unattractive and too old for you." 

"Oh Val' you're not too old for me ... in fact you are not old at all and as for your body ... I think it is simply beautiful and I could look at it and feel it forever."

"Well you've had your first fuck, so you're a real man now. Did you enjoy it and was it as good as you thought it would be? I have to say you were very good and you gave me wonderful orgasms. It was very unexpected and something I hadn't intended until later but I think I enjoyed it all the more for that."

"This is the most wonderful night of my life Val. I can't believe I've actually fucked you and I want to do it again. It was the most fantastic experience of my life and I'm glad it was with you. Please say we can do it again."

"I can't believe it either John, and of course I'll let you fuck me again if you still want to. The only sex I have these days is by myself, masturbating with a dildo or a vibrator and it was wonderful to feel your big cock inside me."

"I love you so much Val and sitting naked playing with each other like this is making me hard again. Can I put it in again before we go to bed?"

"You are insatiable," Val said with a smile "but alright then, seeing it's your first fuck, you can put it in again. I know we don't have a great deal of time before your mother comes home but even after she is back, I hope we can find opportunities for us to get together. Now come on, it's getting late so if you want to fuck me again, put it in quickly."

She lay back on the sofa again, her legs apart, knees up against her chest, offering him her fully exposed pussy. It had been a long time since she offered herself so freely to a man and she loved the way he looked at her cunt when she opened it up for him. He knelt between her legs again and quickly lining up his cock with her vagina, pushed it home. It sank right in easily and comfortably and he proceeded to fuck her with long, slow, rhythmic strokes.
