 Writers note: This is the seventh chapter of my story about an affair with a lady named Pam. All the events here actually happened. For those of you that have been following the story, I apologize for the delay in getting this chapter posted, but I've been busy with some other projects as well. I have had a few questions as to how I can remember in detail how these events happened. First I have all of my ICQ message history from our chats saved that part has been easy. Second, my proofreader has an pretty good memory about all that happened as well. But enough about that. Our bathroom play continues in here. I always appreciate all the comments received and I want to thank all that have read the story so far. There will be three more chapters after this one, so the story is far from over. There is still much to be told.

T

*

After the wonderful Saturday morning we had spent together I was really looking forward to talking with Pam on Monday. I know it's a cliche, but I really could not get enough of her. Every time we were together the feelings got stronger and stronger and the sex was getting all the better because of it.

Monday morning she was late getting on line. It was around 9:45 when she finally did. I sent her a long kiss and after a few seconds she sent one back.

"How are you today?" she asked.

"I'm doing fine my love, and you?" I asked back.

"Okay," was her answer.

"Just okay?" I sent.

She said, "I didn't sleep real good last night."

Getting a little concerned, I asked, "is there a problem?"

Taking longer to reply than she usually did, she finally said, "it's nothing. I'll tell you about on Wednesday."

"Well if you are this tired, you should try get a nap in before you go to work," I said.

"Yeah, I guess you are right," she replied. "I'll talk to you tomorrow."

"Kisssssssssssssss," I wrote.

"Kiss," was all she sent back and then went off line.

I was worried at that point. She was never like this and I could feel that something wasn't right with her. I figured she must have had a fight over the weekend with her husband that didn't go real well. But until she felt like talking about, there was nothing I could do. Monday also was the anniversary of the death of a girl I had dated a long time ago and it was always a very sad day for me. I went on about the business of the day, but I can't say that I enjoyed any of it.

Tuesday morning she was on at her usual time and sent me a long kiss, which I returned.

"I'm sorry about the way I acted yesterday," she wrote.

I replied, "you have nothing to apologize to me for, my love. I'm just worried about you."

"It's nothing," she wrote back, which I knew wasn't the truth, but then she changed the subject and wrote, "So what little tricks do you have planned from your book of kinky for tomorrow? Just so I know what to study up on!" and sent a smiley.

I said, "I haven't really thought about it. I've been too busy making deposits to my sperm bank so I can last the whole morning," and send a smiley back.

It took a few seconds before she wrote, "Oh my God. I really had to think about that one!" She followed up with, "put a couple of extra ones in for ME!" and again sent a smiley. Whatever had been bugging her, it at least wasn't dragging her sense of humor down.

I sent a smiley back and said, "you can be sure of that!"

"Its going to be nasty out tomorrow," she wrote. The weather forecast was for a cold and rainy day.

"We will just have to bring our own sunshine." I replied.

"I know you will my dearest," she wrote and followed with a long kiss.

I replied with the same and then said, "I'm going to have to get going soon, I have a call to go out on this morning. They wanted me there first thing but I wanted to make sure that you were all right."

"You didn't have to do that," she said, "but thank you." Then followed with, "I love you."

"I love you," I answered. "Tomorrow morning can't get here soon enough."

"I know my dear," she wrote, "I will be thinking of you all day."

"Kisssssssssssssss," I sent.

"Kisssssssssssssss," she sent back and disconnected without one of her smart little final comments.

But I was still worried about what was going on with her as I went out on my call and for the rest of the day as well. Wednesday as predicted was cold and rainy. I got the room early, turned up the heat and pulled the covers off of the bed. I left the curtains open till I saw her pull up, then I closed them and opened the door just as she got there. She walked in and as I closed the door, she turned and without a word, pulled me into a long deep kiss. Then we hugged cheek to cheek for a long time.

She pulled her head back, looked me in the eye for another minute, then said quietly but with a big smile, "I really hope you are ready for some fun today, because I am!"

I smiled and laughed a little. She turned and headed over to the chair that we always dropped our clothes on. Setting her purse down on the lamp table that was next to it, she peeled off her coat. Her back was turned to me, but I could see that like once before, she hadn't worn her slip under her sheer blouse. But the big surprise came as she slowly turned and faced me. The blouse was so sheer that her breasts were completely visible. But today, she had left the blouse unbuttoned and had pulled the front tails open so that the sides of her breasts were visible. Looking lower I saw that the denim skirt that she always wore was only buttoned at the waist and her pubes were clearly showing through the gap.

"WOW!" I said, "somebody must be feeling really naughty today."

She didn't say anything. She just walked back over to me and as she placed her arms around my neck, she pulled me into another deep and long kiss. About half way through that, I brought my left hand down and started slowly running my fingers through the soft and thick patch of her pubes.

She laid her cheek tightly against mine and I heard her whisper, "please make me cum. I need it so bad."

Without any hesitation I slid my fingers deep inside her. She was so damn wet it's a wonder that there wasn't a spot on the back of her skirt from sitting on it while driving. I played in the wetness a little then brought the tip of my middle finger to her clit. I pressed down hard and started working it fast. It was only a matter of seconds before she climaxed. She didn't make a sound other than her breaths. I kept rubbing her clit and again, I felt her tighten up and start to shake a little as another orgasm, stronger than the first one, took a hold of her. I was going to stop at that point but she still held me tight so once again, I helped her climb over that special peak of love. As that one passed, I slid my hand back out to her pubes.

As my fingertips again, lightly stoked the soft hair and touched her skin I heard her whisper, "I love you so damn much."

I whispered back, "I love you too Pam."

She started gently rocking me back and forth as if we were dancing without moving our feet. I could tell that something was going on with her. But I figured she would tell me when she was ready. I moved my hand up and undid the button at the top of her skirt. I just let it slide down to the floor. I slid my hands back to her ass cheeks and gently squeezed and played with them. As I did that she pulled her head back, kissed me and at the same time, she brought her arms around and unbuttoned my shirt. When she was done, she pulled it free of my pants and slid her hands to my breasts. She started lightly playing with them and I moved my hands off of her ass and up to her breasts as well. I kicked my shoes off and as I did that, she slid my shirt off my shoulders and let it fall to the floor. I could feel her unbuttoning the cuffs of her blouse and when she was finished, I peeled that off of her. She reached down and undid my belt and the top catch on my pants. I could hear the zipper as she slowly opened it. She slid her hands under the elastic of my underwear and pushed them and my pants down to the floor. She had bent over and as she worked them free of my legs, she slid my socks off at the same time. As she straightened up I could feel her one hand sliding up my leg to my balls.

She felt them for a little while and said with a big smile, "I hope you made a lot of deposits to your sperm bank," and then kissed me. We stood there for while like that, kissing all the while. I was running my hands slowly up and down her back and over her ass cheeks. She alternated between lightly playing with my balls and my cock. Finally, she laid her cheek against mine and whispered, "love me."

I whispered back, "I do and I will."

We broke the embrace and got on the bed. She lay on her back and opened her legs up. I got down between them and first kissed, then licked my way up both legs. Planting my face down at her cunt, I started eating her softly and slowly. I would start building her up a little and then slow back down. I was there easily five minutes enjoying the sweet wetness that was flowing from inside of her.

I heard her softly ask, "you aren't going to be mean to me are you?"

I didn't say anything, I just started licking harder and a little faster from her cunt to her clit and then back again. When I felt her getting close to the edge, I went straight to her click and sucked and licked it hard. She tensed up, her legs clamped around my head and she climaxed hard.

"Oh my God!" she moaned softly but sharply, "oh my God!" as she rode through the pleasure.

I went back to a gentle licking of her cunt as she came down from that one. My hands had been playing with her pubes. I moved those up to her breasts. I gently licked and kissed for another 5 minutes or so before bringing her to another powerful climax.

As she was settling down from that, I heard her say, "I want you."

I replied "one more my love, one more."

And again I repeated the cycle, except this time, I moved my right hand down and slid my index finger into her ass. This time the buildups were a lot stronger and a lot faster.

Finally as the orgasm grabbed her, I heard her yell, "Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" as she shook violently from the power of it.

Giving her cunt one final kiss, and sliding my finger out of her still twitching asshole, I slowly kissed my way up her body, pausing to lightly suck on each breast. She slid her hand down as I moved my face to hers. She took hold of my cock at the base and placed it at the entrance to her cunt. I gave a few short pushes and then with her still holding it, I buried it hard and fast completely in her.

"Oh yes!" she exclaimed as she pulled her hand out and wrapped both of her arms around my neck.

I was in no hurry that morning. I screwed her fast and I screwed her slow. I'd bring her to an orgasm and then would go back to a slow gentle screwing motion. I could have come with a few of the right strokes but I just decided that this one was going to be a long ride. I have no idea of how many times she climaxed.

Finally as she was building to another one, she said, "I want your love. Please give me your love."

I kissed her hard and started screwing with the kind of stroke that I knew would bring things to a end. She knew what I was getting close and held back her climax as well. Finally I reached the peak and with a hard shove that went as deep as I could get into her, I shot the first blast of sperm inside of her.

"YES!" she screamed as she climaxed at the same time, then "YES! YES!" as she felt each throb of my cock.

I stopped moving and just stayed as deep as I could inside of her. I looked her in the eyes. I saw them start to water and she started crying. I watched for a few seconds and she pulled my head down so that our cheeks were touching. At the same time she brought her legs up and tightly clamped them around my ass. We lay there like that for at least 5 minutes as she sobbed and cried.

I asked in a whisper, "Pam, what is wrong? What is going on?"

She sobbed again and just lay there crying. Finally she said in between sobs, "Sunday night at supper my husband announced that that he got a big promotion. He is going to be a plant manager."

I said "okay."

She continued, "the plant is out in Ohio. Seven hours from here. He promised me years ago that he would not apply for any promotions that involved moving without at least talking to me first," and she started crying hard again.

I was kind of in the middle at that point. As the saying goes, been there, done that. I had worked for a large corporation and I had played the promotion game as well. But all of them had been within a reasonable driving distance from where we were living at the time so it was no big deal. Except for the last one. I got the call on Dec 24th at 4:00 PM. The district sales manager told me to meet him at 8:30 AM on Dec 26th at a store that was two hours away. He was a very driven and vindictive type and had I said no, I would have been out the door within a matter of months. I wound up getting an apartment down there and drove home on weekends for 9 months until we got a house in that area and finally moved. And it wasn't 6 months after we had moved that they wanted me to take a different location, this one in Brooklyn NY. But I turned that one down because it was financial suicide in my book. It set me back a few notches on the up and coming list, but by then, I didn't care. My wife also hated the fact that we had to move and it became the source of a lot of problems between us. Problems that even after I left the company and we had moved back to this area, had not gone away.

I half said and half asked, "they probably needed someone in a hurry?"

Her eyes glared and in an angry voice she said, "oh no! I talked to one of the other office wives and her husband told her that he had been after this job for months! MONTHS! And he didn't TELL ME! He wanted to SURPRISE ME!"

I said softly, "calm down Pam, please?"

She took a few deep breaths and said, "oh and he is going to be making so much money that I won't have to work." She started crying again and added, "I never once complained about working. I like my job. This is not fair. He is taking me away from my friends and my family." Then her voice softened and she finished with, "and you."

"Pam," I said, "you know we will never have anything more than this," and pointed around the room.

"I know that," she replied and then despite all the turmoil she was in, she managed a little smile and said, "but I was hoping if I offered to chip in a couple of bucks, we could go someplace a little nicer." I laughed a little at that. She kissed me and said quietly, "even if we met once or twice a month." Then getting loud again she said, "Damn it! It's just not fair."

I was kind of lost as to what to say. I thought for a few seconds and said, "it's going to take some time until you find a house out there and get moved."

Her eyes lit up in anger again and she said, "oh no. He's already picked out HIS house. He said it's available immediately and that the company will help with the moving and the mortgage costs. Next week," and she sobbed again, "we are supposed to drive out there and sign the papers to get it all started." She started crying harder and in between her sobs, "he wants to move by the middle of December so we can enjoy Christmas in our new home. His new home, not mine!"

It was the first week of November already so I could see why she was so upset. "What about your son?" I asked her. She had told me he was a senior in high school.

Again her eyes flashed and her voice got really nasty. "The bastard has already taken care of that. He went behind my back to my sister and the school. My son is going to stay with her to finish out the school year here. And she didn't say a damn word to me! I haven't talked to her yet, but it's not going to be a nice conversation when I do!"

"Pam," I said, "that isn't going to do you any good and you know it."

She started crying again and said, "I'm going to miss his prom and all of his senior activities. It's just not FAIR! The other two are really upset as well. They are going to lose all of their friends and have to start a new school in the middle of the year." She cried some more and asked me softly, "what am I going to do? What am I going to do?"

I shook my head and replied, "I can't tell you what to do. You have two choices. The first choice is to let him go out there and you stay here. It's going to be hell, especially for the kids, especially if it gets into a custody fight. The other choice is to just go out there and make the best of things. I know its going to hurt like all hell, but you and only you can decide what is best for your life. If you try and force him not to take this, my guess is that he will take it anyway, and if he doesn't, it's going to cost him his career and probably his job at some point. And he will hate you each and every day for doing it." I kissed her on the forehead and finished with, "you have to do what you think is the right thing to do. I'll be here for you, email, ICQ, phone, whatever."

She started sobbing harder and buried her face into my chest. My knees were starting to hurt from kneeling over top of her, so I got off and lay down beside her. She rolled over, faced me, and placed her one arm around my shoulder. I knew what her decision was going to be and as much it was going to hurt her, she wasn't about to rip her family apart.

We kissed for a while, then she quietly said, "so next Wednesday, instead of lying here next to you, I'll be driving out to Ohio with him. We won't be back until Sunday sometime."

I hugged her tightly and quietly started to say, "Pam, if it will make things any easier for you."

"Oh NO!" she said loudly pulling back from me and not letting me finish. "Oh No! Don't even think about it. I want to spend every minute that I can with you." She put her cheek against mine and quietly said, "this is going to be so damn hard and it is so damn unfair."

I said, "I learned a lesson about love a long time ago. It's not the quantity, it is the quality that really matters." I got quiet as the memories from that time came rushing back. Between those feelings and what was going on with Pam, my own eyes started to water and I cried a little as well.

Pam looked at me and in between her own tears, softly said, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to make you cry."

"It is a lot of things," I replied and hugged her tightly. I closed my eyes and just lay there holding her in my arms. I heard her crying some more. I really didn't know what else to say. I knew the coming weeks were going to be hard for both of us. But that is life and you have to deal with things as they happen. I opened my eyes and pulled her face to mine. We kissed long and hard. I brought my hand around to her breast and started playing with that and her nipple as well. Her hand moved down to my cock. I knew it was too soon for me to get erect again but her hand playing with the sticky and soft wetness of it still felt good. After a few minutes I rolled on my side facing her and moved my hand down to her pubes. She lifted her leg up over top of mine and I slid my fingers deep into the sticky and soft wetness between her legs. We kissed and playing quietly like that for a long time. Finally she laid her cheek against mine and I starting rubbing her clit harder and faster. 

I felt her tense up and a soft "oh!" come from her lips and she came. I heard her sobbing and I knew she was crying again, but I kept up the pressure and speed. Two more times she came, making the same "oh!" noises in between her sobs.

I brought my hand out of her and rested it on her back. My cock had gotten erect from the combination of her gentle playing and my feeling and hearing her sounds of pleasure but I knew it wasn't going to stay that way for long. We laid there hugging. Finally even with her crying, I heard her giggle a little.
