 Writers note: This is the fourth installment of an affair I had 8 years ago. Unlike the first 3 which were single episodes, this one covers our next two sessions of lovemaking, including Pam's introduction to anal sex. Of course there are a lot of the conversations we had as well. As with the other chapters, there is some bathroom play in here as well. It got a little kinkier during these two sessions, so if you don't like reading about that sort of play, well don't read this. I do appreciate all the comments received. 

T

Chapter 4

The week went by quickly after our last time together. As usual, we chatted every day on ICQ, except for the weekend, when she couldn't get on, because of her family being around. It was our usual mix of sex talk, flirting, and regular life type stuff.

I knew that I really liked her. Yeah, it's hard not to like someone that was this much fun to both talk to, not to mention the sex part, but something else was there as well. My feelings for her had gone way beyond those that this kind of affair would normally generate. I was a little concerned because of how fast it was happening, but I wasn't going to say anything to her about how I felt, unless she brought up the topic first. 

Monday came around quick enough and I asked her, like I always did, if she had gotten lucky that weekend. 

She sent a smiley back and said, "nope. I dodged that bullet."

She also made it perfectly clear on several occasions, that if she saw me with clothespins, that there would be hell to pay. What a character she was. 

Tuesday's conversation was pretty quick. I had a couple of appointments to get out of the way, so that Wednesday morning would be free.

The next morning finally rolled around and I was off to meet with her. This was our fourth time together. I got to the motel about 10 minutes early. As usual when I got to the room, I turned up the heat, turned on a lamp and closed the curtains. I pulled the bed covers down and was just started to watch some TV when I heard her knock on the door. I got up, and let her in.

"Good morning dear," I said

"Hello," was her reply.

I looked at the clock and, "you are early for change."

She didn't say anything, which was unusual. As always, she was wearing her long coat over a blouse and skirt. But I could tell from the look on her face and her body language, that something wasn't right. She took off her coat. She was wearing the same sheer blouse and skirt as always, with a full slip underneath. Her big nipples were jutting out nicely. But I could still feel from the way she was acting, that something was up with her.

I walked over, put my arms around her and we had our usual long and deep kiss. But she felt very tense. I figured it was best to take the bull by the horns.

After we broke our kiss, I asked, "is there something wrong, dear?"

She looked and me and blushed, much more that she usually did.

Laying her cheek against mine, she said in a low voice, "Usually in the morning, my husband wakes at 7:00 to get ready to go to work."

"Okay," I replied.

Taking a deep breath, she said, "today, he woke up early for some reason and decided that he wanted to have sex before he went to work".

Again, I said, "okay. What is the problem?"

She pulled her head back, got a surprised look on her face and asked, "doesn't it bother you?"

I said, "No. That is part of your life and why should it bother me?"

She blushed again and said, "well, you know."

A couple of weeks ago, her husband had made some advances to her one evening after we had spent the morning that day having sex. He didn't follow up with it, but she very uncomfortable about the prospect of it happening.

I kissed her again and said, "just because you are standing there, with his sperm swimming around in your pussy, doesn't mean that I'm not going to eat you, screw you, and then fill you with my sperm like I always do." 

She got a even more surprised look, then kissed me long and hard.

When it was over, she leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "I want you so bad."

I didn't say anything. We kissed again for a long time and started to undress each other. I unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it off. She unbuttoned my shirt, and they were off to a near by chair. I noticed that the full slip she was wearing was flesh colored, the one she usually wore was white.

I looked at her and said, "new slip?"

She smiled and said, "yes, I wanted one that was little sexier."

Sexy it was, with lots of lace around the top and it clinged to her breasts, perfectly. It wasn't sheer but I could clearly see the outline of her areolas, as well as her beautiful nipples. I reached up and started playing with her breasts through the front of it. All the while, our lips were locked in a deep kiss. I slid down the straps and peeled the cups away from her breasts. Taking one in each hand I started working her nipples. I slowly tightened my grip on then, until was squeezing them hard, and I twisted them to the side, a little. She moaned a little from the pain, but didn't say anything. Releasing my grip, I then bent down and sucked and chewed on both of them. She was stroking my hair and moaning a little louder. When I finished, I straightened up and kissed her lips. Her hands went to my pants belt, then undid the hook, and the zipper. She started playing with my cock through the front of my underwear, which was my cue to start unbuttoning the front of her skirt. After a few buttons, it was opened far enough to slide it down her ass and on to the floor. I reached out and stroked her pussy fur, through the front of the slip. Then reaching down below the hem of the slip, I slid my hands slowly up the front of her legs, which she opened a little. I cupped her soft, full bush, then I worked a finger down her crack good and deep. Normally she was already wet by this point, but today, it was even more so.

I said with smile, "damn, you are really wet today." 

She blushed a little and gave me a little smile. I played with her cunt and clit for a little while. After I pulled my hand out, she got on her knees, and slid down my underwear down to the floor. She took my cock in her mouth, and started lightly sucking on it. She reached up with a hand and lightly cupped and massaged my balls. I reached down and lightly stroked her hair and head. After a few minutes of this, she pulled her mouth off, gave my cock a kiss and a lick. As she stood back up, I reached down and pulled the slip up and over her head. We collected the clothes and deposited them on the chair. Last to go were my socks. 

I took her hand and led her over to the bed. We got on, and after moving to the center, we lay down side by side. I spent a lot of time playing with her tits that day. She had such great nipples and while I could never get her to climax just from breast play, I could get her close. While I was sucking, I slid one hand down to her pubes and started stroking and playing with them from the front. I wasn't in a big hurry to get down to business, as they say.

She said with a little, "you are being a real tease today."

I laughed a little and replied, "I feel like taking my time."

"I hate when you do this!" she said, then added softly "but I love when you do this."

On our previous meetings, I had fingered her to an orgasm or two while we were standing there before getting in the bed. But I liked to keep changing the routine, which is why I hadn't this time. I slid my hand down into her cunt. I fingered her clit a while, getting her close but not over the top, then down to her cunt, where I slowly slid, first one finger, then two, in and out. She was so close to the edge, but I kept the movement just enough to hold there. Finally I pulled out and started working her clit. I could feel her body shaking and then she started trashing as the orgasm racked her body. She let out a very loud howl of pleasure. I knew there was someone else in the next room, because I had heard the door close and heard voices talking while I was waiting for her. There was another couple that had been coming to the motel on the same time and days we were there. I knew they must have heard her, but I didn't say anything.

I kissed my way from her breast up to her mouth and we enjoyed another long and deep kiss.

As it ended, she looked at me and said with a little smile, "I guess they heard me that time," and we both laughed a little.

I said, "so what if they did? It isn't the first time."

We had heard the woman in the next room let out screams of passion in the past. But that didn't stop Pam from blushing a little. I kissed her again and I moved down and got between her opened legs. I liked looking at her cunt and today was no exception. I lay down on the bed and got into the pussy eating position. I started first with her asshole. I had introduced her to this pleasure, the last time we had made love. And while it was very naughty, as she was fond of saying, she really enjoyed it. She had told me that last time we were here, that she had washed stuck a soapy finger in her asshole and washed it while she was showering before she drove over to meet me, and I knew she had done the same today. 

I licked it for a while and then started stabbing into it a little with my tongue. She shuddered a little as she felt me do this. I ate her asshole for a while, then I moved up and started licking her clit. Then I licked my way down to her cunt. I had tasted my own cum plenty of times, but this was the first time that I was eating another man's sperm, at least that I knew of. Her pussy juice had just a slightly different favor today. It tasted a little like it did after I planted a load in there, but it wasn't bad tasting by any stretch. 

She stroked my head as I ate her and asked between moans, "does it taste okay?"

I buried my tongue in deep, moved it around a few times to savor the sweet taste of her, pulled it out and said, "you taste fantastic, just like you always do."

She let out a low moan and after a second or two, she said, "he rarely wants sex in the morning and of course it had to be today!"

"He probably sensed that you were in heat this morning," I said as I kept licking and nuzzling her sweet cunt.

She let out a giggle and said, "hell, I'm always in heat since I met you!"

We had a good laugh on that comment. Then I figured she was ready for another orgasm. I started licking her clit hard, and worked a couple of fingers in and out of her wet cunt. It didn't take too long before she was cumming hard. Letting out a noise that was very loud moan, she started shaking and pushing her crotch up hard against my face and fingers. I kept licking and damn if she didn't pop another one almost right away. I lightened the licking up a bit, pulled my soaked fingers out of her cunt, and started licking her deep inside again. I slid my index finger to her ass and pushed it deeply in. She moaned even louder. I worked it in and out till she came again. I knew she was trying to hold back this scream, but then she let it out, as the pleasure roared through her shaking body for a third time.

I started softly licking her cunt as she was settling down from the last climax. Then from the next room we heard a scream of passion from the woman over there. The bathrooms overlapped each other, so there was some distance for the sound to carry. But that one was a real screamer. We both start laughing. I started licking a little harder and got her almost to the point of climaxing again. I slid my finger out of her ass, then I moved up and aimed my dick at her cunt and it slid right in. 

For some reason I was really horny that day. 

I said, "I'm not going to last too long, I'm afraid."

She smiled and said "you are allowed. Do you want me to suck you off?"

I kissed her and said, "No, your pussy needs my sperm."

"Oh yes," she let out in a low moan.

Fucking her with long slow strokes, I held back as long as I could, but it wasn't too long before things got too far along. I pumped first one, then two, then three hard spurts of my sperm deep inside of her cunt. She got really worked up as she felt it the inside of her cunt, and I kept on pumping away till she came as well. She had another explosive orgasm.

This time she screamed, "FUCK! as it hit her. 

I laughed a little and kept working my slowly softening cock in and out of her very sloppy cunt. After it got too soft to screw with any more, I moved back down the bed. I placed my face between her legs and watched as my sperm started oozing out. Then I licked it up as it slowly moved down to her asshole. I moved back up and laid down beside her, pulled her head to mine, and with that kiss, shared the taste of our lovemaking.

She looked at me said, "my God, that was incredible".

"Just keeps getting better, doesn't it?" was my reply.

"Mmmmmmm," was hers.

Getting a devilish little smile on face I said, "you are a lucky lady, having the sperm from two men swimming around your cunt at the same time."

Man, did she ever blush, then she said, "you are so naughty. So very naughty."

She kissed me again. Then sitting up, she bent her face down over my sperm covered cock. Taking it in her mouth, she licked and gently sucked it clean. All the while she was fondling my balls and making these little "ou" noises

She pulled her mouth off, and said in low voice, "so nice."

Lying back down beside me, we kissed deeply. We laid there for a couple of minutes just kissing and hugging. Then she got her naughty girl smile on her face.

She wiggled her hips a little and said, "Damn, I really have to pee!"

"It's all this hot sex you have been having all morning," I said with smile.

She looked at me and stuck her tongue out.

I just laughed. While the trip to the bathroom between sex sessions had gotten a little kinkier each time, it still was very tame, all things considered. But this time I had something different in mind. We got off the bed and headed to the bathroom.

She went to sit down on the toilet and I asked, "you want to try something a little different?"

She blushed a little and said, "okay."

I said, "get in the shower."

This place only had a small shower stall, that wasn't really big enough for 2 people to shower in, but it was big enough for this adventure. She gave me a very suspicious look, but then she walked over and got in. I got in after her. We were standing face to face. I gently moved her against the back wall.

I said, "open your legs apart."

She moved her feet as far apart as she could. I reached out and started stroking her clit, then I slid a finger into her cum filled cunt and started working her clit with my thumb.

I kissed her and said, "pee when you cum."

Through her light moans, she said, "but your hand?"

I said, "don't worry about it" and kissed her.

The last time we had played like this, she had pissed on my finger a little, but this was something a step beyond that. It didn't take long before she tensed up and started cumming. Letting out a loud moan, she started pissing on my hand. With it cupped tightly to her crotch, the piss started spraying everywhere. After her first long hard stream and a few small after spurts, I pulled away my thoroughly soaked hand. She said almost in a whisper, "this is very naughty."

I said back, in the same voice, "but still nice?"

She said, "oh yes."

I moved as close as I could get to her. She reached down, and after taking hold of my cock, she started rubbing it like she always did when I was getting ready to piss. After a few seconds, I started pissing, and damn if she didn't lift it up and aim it up at her cunt. She sprayed herself back and forth across her cunt with my piss. After I was done, she kept rubbing the head into the front of her slit.

"Now that was naughty!" I said with a big smile.

She blushed some more and replied, "I was reading a little on the Internet," then quickly added, "I guess we should wash up now."

I said, "yeah."

I had been meaning to ask her, when we were chatting on ICQ during the previous week, about her fascination with this little bit of pee play. But with everything else going on, I had forgotten. It seemed a little strange that a gal, that until she met me, had only the most perfunctory of sex lives, would be interested in this kind of kink. I made big mental note to ask her about this week. 

I got out of the shower and got a bar of soap. She had turned the water on and was rinsing herself. I washed her off with the soap and my hand. After I was done washing her back and ass cheeks, I soaped up a finger and slid it into her asshole.

"You just can't stop being naughty today, can you?" she asked with a smile.

"Never!" was my reply.

I played in there for a little while. I could feel her squirming from the pleasure of it. I pulled my finger out and washed my hand off. She rinsed off, and as she got out of the shower, I got in. She reached in and started washing me off. I turned around for her to wash my back. She did that for a little while, then slid a soapy hand down underneath my ass and washed my balls. When she was finished with that, I looked back at her and she was soaping her hands again. I felt her slide her soapy hand down my ass and she placed a finger on my asshole.

She leaned forward and whispered, "you like?"

"Oh yes," I replied with a bit of surprise.

She slowly slid her finger in. Not too deep, but deep enough. She worked it in and out like I had done to her. Damn it felt good. So good, that I started getting hard again. Then she pulled her finger out of me, washed her hands, and got out of the shower. I rinsed off, and as I got out of the shower and she handed me a towel to dry off with. 

As we were drying off, the bathroom echoed with the screams of, "fuck me, FUCK ME!" coming from the next room.

Again we laughed. We dried off and headed back out in the room. I thought about dropping a little slap on her ass as she climbed on the bed, but I didn't. We laid back down on the bed, again facing each other. We kissed for a little while, then she sat up.

She looked down at me and said, "don't most guy's think it is being queer to have their ass played with?"

I said back, "I'm not like most guys."

She laughed a little and said, "so I have noticed."

Then she asked, somewhat timidly, "have you ever been fucked there?"

I said, "not by another guy, but I have been fucked there."

She got a funny look on her face like something didn't make sense to her.

I said, "do you know what a strap-on is?"

Her eyes got real big as she said, "yes. You mean, you let a woman do that to you?"

I replied, "it's a long story, but I wasn't in much of a position to argue about it at the time."

Again it seemed like the dots weren't connecting there either, but then she said, "oh! You were tied up?"

I said, "Yes, I was."

She smiled a little and said, "I'm not being too nosy am I?"

I answered, "no, not at all. Ask anything you want."

She blushed a little and then asked, "did you like it, I mean the strap-on thing?"

I replied, "she lubed me up pretty good, but it still hurt at first. After a little while it started feeling good though."

"Did you cum while she was doing it?" was her next question.

"No," I replied, and then told her the whole story of what went on that night. About how I agreed to let the woman do anything and everything she wanted to me for an evening, which included me getting dressed in a bra, panties, and stockings.

"Really?" she asked, her eyes getting really wide again.

"Yes", I said.

Then I told her about getting tied up, fucked with the dildo, and everything else that happened.

When I was done, she said, "did you like all of that?"

"It was fun," I replied, "but I got my revenge the next week," and winked.
