 She couldn't have been a day over eighteen and here I was, sliding down the hard side of fifty, but there was no mistaking the look of wild hunger in her eyes, pointing right at me!

Now, even in my better days I had never considered myself handsome. I always thought of myself as "OK", no looks to brag about, but nothing to be ashamed of, either. After half a century, though, I had picked up a few pounds here and there, and my chins had started to multiply.

Most of the time, when young girls noticed me at all, they usually frowned as if to deny me the right to even look at their beauty. Sometimes, they even seemed to be afraid of me, if there was no one else around. All in all, I was quite unprepared for this dazzling display of invitation.

She was one of those girls who seems almost to be bursting with youth and sensuality. Her high, round breasts were pointed at the sky and jiggled only slightly when she walked even though it was obvious from the jutting nipples that she had nothing to support them under the cutoff tee shirt top.

Her white shorts were very, very white, and very, very short. The lips of her pussy were spread on either side of the seam running up the front of the shorts, ending just below her navel.

The sun had been kind to her, bleaching her hair that golden blonde that only seems to happen in Southern California and all the skin that was visible bore an even shade of mahogany.

A dazzlingly white set of choppers and eyes the color of the deepest ocean were framed by all this unbelievable collection of goodies.

I was almost afraid to look directly at her lest she take offense and move away, but she seemed to be staring at me with a definite come-hither look on her fantastic face.

At first, I assumed she was looking at someone else over my shoulder, but there was no one there. Then I began to think that maybe she had me confused with someone else.

As it turned out, none of my assumptions proved correct as she came right up to me and said, "Hey man, I'd like really like to swallow some of your cum, like, you know?"

In the next few microseconds my stunned brain tried desperately to make some semblance of sense out of these events. The only situation that seemed to fit the facts was that she must be a pro. Here I was thinking that I was actually attractive to a teen goddess such as this when she was only plying her trade.

"Sorry, I gave at the office", I replied blithely, regret and disappointment flavoring my well modulated tones.

"Like, hey man, I ain't no hooker or nothing. I just really dig that bulge in your jeans, like, you know?"

Oh, boy, just my luck. This absolutely could not be actually happening to me, but I was running out of reasons to disbelieve it. But wait! A little voice was beginning to scream in my ear. It told me that no self respecting beach bunny was just going to give me her whole bag of good stuff just because it would drive me into shimmering giggle fits all over. She must have a partner and they were setting me up to roll me, or worse.

"Honey, you look like a candy store and an ice cream shop all rolled into one. You'll have to forgive me if I'm not completely used to this kind of treatment. Can you give me some reason to believe that you're seriously interested in gnawing the old dork?"

"OK, OK, like hey man you're really uptight, you know?", she replied, giving her bursting tits a little wiggle which resulted in creating a serious hazard to my poor prick which was trying desperately to swell even larger.

She was way too close to me to be able to see it, but she must have had eyes in her cunt because she knowingly reached out and gave old John Henry a little squeeze, right there in the open.

I was too intoxicated to be very concerned with what the casual bystander might think about our encounter. If this piece of fantasy was determined to get my cherry, I was in no mood to stand in her way. She could give me a blow job right there on the street if she really had her heart set on it. I would simply deal with whatever consequences came afterwards.

"Come on", she urged, "let's get to your car so I can find out whether that log you're growing will fit past my tonsils."

I have never been one to deny a lady her heart's desire, so with a muted sob I broke into a run toward my car, half carrying, half pushing her and dragging her when she stumbled.

The thoughts of running my hands up under that tantalizing crop top to squeeze those delicious globes was causing my fists to clench and unclench painfully. On reaching the car, I tore the handle on the driver's side off completely in my haste to get inside. 

After watching me fumble ineptly for several seconds with the key, she finally took pity on me and got the car opened. Shoving me behind the wheel, she instructed me to head for the freeway and settled herself down on the seat where she had full access to my jealously guarded crotch.

As the realization that this fantastic chain of events was really happening began to dawn on me, I began to lose more and more of my habitual composure. How many times had I fantasized such an encounter over the years reaching back to the time when it might have been reasonably hoped for? It had been some time now since I had allowed myself to even hope that I might be an object of lust for any sweet young thing.

However, over a million miles of road behind me helped my body to go through the motions of driving although my mind and mouth were almost totally out of commission. Little half-formed words dribbled down my chin as my newly found dream girl managed to pull the entire damn thing out of my pants. If it was half as big as it felt, she would have to take several bites to work her way around it. There was no way she would be able to force it between her teeth.

She must have realized that she had pulled out more than she could swallow, because she seemed to lose some of her confidence as it grew even more in her hands. "Oh, Mr. Long, I've never tried to get anything that big in my mouth. I'm afraid it will get caught in my teeth. Why don't I just suck your balls while I jack you off then lick the cum off your cock and my hands?"

Well, it sounded like a reasonable request to me. Yeah, I was used to dealing with requests like that every day. I managed to choke out an unintelligible grunt just as we passed a Highway Patrolman on the right, doing about 95. All the hair stood up on my head as I realized the situation I was in. Never mind the speeding and reckless driving tickets, there was no way I would be able to cram my raging hardon into my pants in the next week or so, and for all I knew my companion was the Mayor's twelve-year-old daughter.

The CHP guy just looked over at me and cocked his finger at me as if firing an imaginary pistol and proceeded to pull over an old lady doing 23 mph in the fast lane. Now I began to worry about my sanity. For a dream, I had to give it at least an 8.6, but I persisted in thinking I was awake. Something was wrong!

True to her word, as we flew down the freeway, my new friend stroked and patted and kissed and sucked and licked and admired and fondled my iron-hard prick as if it were hanging on her favorite rock star. I might be in trouble, but I was just going to have to hang on for the ride to find out how and how much.

Under her expert attentions, it wasn't long before I felt a rumble starting to build up somewhere around my tailbone. Apparently, my body was starting to go on overtime to produce enough blood to keep my prong pumped up to the impossible dimensions it had attained.

The rumble circled around my rib cage, gaining momentum while my prick began to hyperventilate, huffing and puffing and trying to open the piss hole enough so it wouldn't split when the load reached the tip.

I held tight to the steering wheel and tried to brace my elbows so we wouldn't flip over during the shudders that were sure to rack my rangy frame when this one hit.

Sure enough, it was a doozy. In spite of my preparations, the car bucked and heaved and swerved over six or seven lanes as the flow began. Gob after gob shot out of my rampant cannon. The first one had caught her by surprise and missed her open mouth. It flew past her delicate ear, leaving a few drops in the curls at the side of her head, through the steering wheel and splashed off the windshield before dribbling back onto the dash.

To give her credit, though, she did not allow herself to be intimidated by my first salvo, but bravely clamped her rosy lips over the source of the deluge and braced herself for the rest of the barrage. Admittedly, she had turned quite white at the prospect of having her tonsils blown off, but she bravely hung in there, swallowing gallons of sticky cum with apparent relish.

When old John finally dwindled, she continued sucking and swallowing until my balls were completely drained and my once proud cannon lay limp and useless for the moment. Then she scraped as much of the sticky stuff as she could get off the windshield and dash, smacking her lips and straining the lumps through her teeth.

I had settled down a little by now and was barely trembling any more. We continued flying down the freeway toward the mountains. My spectacular cocksucker fished in her purse for a while and came up with a flowered skirt which she pulled on after wriggling out of the short shorts.

Her purpose in changing became clear when she continued reading my fantasies directly from my mind. She leaned against the opposite door and threw one long luscious leg over the back of the seat with the other in the floor and pulled the skirt up around her waist to fully expose her downy cunt. Then she proceeded to spread her pussy lips and toy with her clit, pushing one, then two, then three fingers up into the incredibly tight hole.

She gently stroked and stuffed her inflamed cunt while rubbing her prominent clit with her thumb. As she approached her first orgasm, we started to overtake an 18-wheeler. The horny driver was on the lookout for a little leg anyhow, but we gave him a show he's probably still talking about.

As we came alongside, I matched my speed with his and let him get a good look. She saw what I was doing and got into it immediately. Twisting so he had a good view of the finger action, she lifted her top, giving him, and me, our first look at her magnificent tits. She also noticed before I did that my prick had again swollen to impossible dimensions. She took it in one hand while she continued to drive her other hand in and out of her slick cunt.

The driver was obviously having trouble keeping his rig on the road. His eyes were bugging out of his head at the marvelous sight we presented to his road weary eyes. He was manfully pulling on his own pud and gazing enviously at the mountain of flesh my fuck buddy was pulling out of my pants.

She, meanwhile, was in the throes of one long continuous orgasm. Her head was thrown back, her eyes rolled into her head, long hair streaming out the window, while her gorgeous body bucked and shuddered through spasm after spasm.

Instead of coming down, she seemed to be on a roll, the spasms getting stronger and stronger. 

Suddenly, she lurched away from the door and in one smooth motion threw her tawny leg over my lap and drove my dick several feet into her guts. Even after all the goo she had worked up in her hot slot, it was still incredibly tight. If it had been any tighter, she would have shaved the skin off my prick as she settled down on it.

As it was, the combination of heat, sliminess and tightness made my balls come up with a gallon or two of come that neither of us would have believed was in them after the previous round and blew it up her snatch so far it didn't start dripping until my fire plug had turned back into a faucet.

The truck driver gave up. He probably had shot his wad already, anyhow, and pulled over into a rest stop to cool down.

My fantasy girl and I cruised on down the road toward an uncertain but tantalizing future.