 "Well, well, well," A voice said behind her. "Looks like I came home just in time."

It was Mark. From where he was standing, he had an excellent view of Elaina's bare ass, exposed under her short skirt. It was also obvious that he had seen everything. Elaina noticed his erection under his dress pants. Kayla didn't startle at all. Her eyes just rolled open a little.

"Hubby's home," she said, exhausted. Legs spread wide. She made no effort to move. 

Elaina was so embarrassed, confused and perplexed, that she started to get up and adjust herself, but Mark covered the distance in surprisingly fast time. In a second, he was over Elaina, who was still on her knees. 

"Don't be embarrassed," he said. "We had hoped..."

He whipped off her little shift dress with one fluid motion, and wrapped himself behind her. He was still wearing his work clothes: dress pants, white shirt and tie, and a scratchy tweed sports jacket.

His hips brushed Elaina's naked bottom and she could feel his hardness behind her. Instinct battled with her embarrassment: She had always found Mark so attractive. She had gotten drunk with him on more than one occasion, and always liked the way he looked at her, like a slightly hungry wolf that wasn't quite ready to pounce. Elaina had always thought Kayla was such a lucky woman. And just a moment ago, she had been dripping with desire, but he had just walked in on her and his wife—she did not know what to think.

Mark whispered in her ear, "This is the best homecoming I could have hoped for." The feeling of his breath on her ear engaged some primal instinct in Elaina, and she adjusted her body to push her bottom up against his throbbing crotch. 

He grabbed a handful of her hair at the nape of her neck and used it to pull her gently, but forcefully, back toward him. Mark was only the second man to pull her hair like that, but both times, it had flipped a switch inside her. She was no longer a civilized person with a job and a car and bills to pay, she was an animal and all she wanted was his cock. 

She could feel his erection through his pants, and she wanted to feel it more, so she rubbed back and forth against him. He stripped off the sport jacket.

"Leave the tie on," she said, so he did. He ripped the shirt open and buttons popped off and flew across the room, but the tie stayed on. He undid his belt and shimmied out of his pants, and she could feel his magnificent erection against her bottom. He slipped right into her, easily, grabbing her hips and pulling her back into him so she could hear his balls slapping against her thighs. 

"Isn't she beautiful?" Kayla said in a throaty whisper. Elaina looked up, and her friend was watching with a feverish expression on her face.

"Unbelievable," Mark said. "So hot. Your ass is amazing. I just want to fuck it all day."

He brought one of his hands around to the front and found her clit, rubbing her front as he fucked her behind. 

"Mmmm..." Elaina whimpered. "It's been so long."

Mark thrust harder, getting as deep as he could, pulling as far out as he could without losing connection. Each thrust in almost knocked the breath out of Elaina. "Take it," he said, "Take that cock." 

"Oooh, oh my God! Fuck me faster!" Mark thrust faster, slamming his cock into Elaina. All she could hear were the sounds of slippery wet pussy and balls slapping into her thighs. Her little tits bobbled around, and she arched her head back.

"Keep going honey," Kayla said.

"I have an idea," Mark said. He rolled Elaina over onto her back on the floor, and spread her legs wide. He got on his knees in front of her, and started fucking her from the front. He motioned Kayla over, and she kneeled down and started sucking on Elaina's nipple. Kayla slid one soft finger down to Elaina's clit, and just held pressure there while Mark kept his nice, fat cock stroking, in and out.

Elaina had never felt anything like it before. She looked up and watched Mark fucking her, with his dress shirt torn, but tie still on, and he was so fucking hot. He was a detective, and he totally looked like he could kick anyone's ass. He had a hard look about his face, and a square jaw with dark eyes and five o'clock shadow. His brown chest was feathered with hair, and his abs were strong and defined. And there he was, fucking the shit out of her. From this position, she could see his fat, red cock piercing into her. And there was buxom, round Kayla, with her mouth on her nipple and blonde hair falling all over Elaina's tits.

"Ohohoh, that is so fucking good. Don't you fucking stop that," she yelled. Mark responded by thrusting harder and faster. She spread her legs further apart so it felt like each thrust was about to split her open. Mark brought her legs up so her heels were near her shoulders, and Kayla held them there. With the change in position, she could feel every ripple in Mark's beautiful cock, and it seemed like she couldn't take any more, but she wanted it.

"Goddamn it, Mark, just keep fucking me!"

"You love to get fucked, don't you?" Kayla asked. "You love fucking my husband, don't you?"

"Oh my god, yes!"

"I love fucking your tight little pussy," Mark said. He changed his pattern from furiously fast to almost all the way in and all the way out, more of a stabbing pattern, so she had the amazing feeling of him entering her over and over again. Her tits bounced up and down, and she could feel a little rug burn on her back from the carpet. 

Mark pulled his engorged member back so that just the head was still inside her dripping cunt. And he held it there. 

She tried to jack her hips up toward him, but she could only move so much with Kayla holding her heels up by her head. She looked up at Mark, questioningly.

He smiled down at her, that look of hardness in his eyes, little frown lines around his mouth. "Do you like me fucking you?"

"Yessss," She hissed.

"Do you want me to keep fucking you?"

She wriggled her hips, trying to reach up to him. "Yesss."

"Then beg me for it," he said. 

"Please, give me your cock again, Mark." 

"A little dirtier," he said.

"Please shove your massive cock in my pussy again, Mark." 

"Better."

"I want you to fuck me so hard I tear in two. I want you to fuck me until I come all over your dick."

"Do you want me to come inside you?"

"I want to feel your come explode inside of me and fill me up. I want you to fuck me like a five-dollar whore."

Mark and Kayla exchanged looks. "That works for me," he said. He plunged the length of his massive cock back inside Elaina, and if she thought he was good before, this totally changed all perception of what good was. Kayla set her knees behind Elaina's shoulders to keep her from sliding back, and held her ankles just above her shoulders while Mark pounded away at a feverish pace, plunging the whole length of his dick in and out every time. His balls slapped against her ass. She felt like he was about to split her apart, but it felt so good at the same time. 

She knew she wouldn't last much longer. The waves of orgasm started, and she felt her pussy clenching, starting to milk Mark's member. She started gasping and moaning, and the waves crashed over her. Her little pussy got even tighter, but Mark kept plunging in at a frantic pace.

"Oh my goddd..." She cried out, as her whole body started convulsing.

Mark kept riding through it, with each stroke, hurting her vagina more and more, but it still felt so good. Her orgasm kept cascading, from one into another, and it seemed she would never finish.

Finally, Mark could wait no longer, and he allowed his hot cum to rise and explode into her. 

She felt the hot jet of his sperm crashing into her cervix and she came again, back bucking and ab muscles convulsing spastically. Every time another wave of cum spewed out of Mark's cock, she convulsed around him again. When he had spent all of his fluid, the little aftershocks in his cock were enough to send Elaina into another wave of orgasm.

"She just keeps going," Kayla said, rather amazed.

Mark wiggled his cock inside of her, just slightly, and another shockwave rushed over her, and her vagina tightened around him again.

"That has to be some kind of world record," he said. "I lost count around like, 10 separate orgasms." He looked down at Elaina, beautiful body spread out on the floor. Kayla released her legs, which Elaina took and wrapped around Mark. Her strong legs held him tight, so he almost couldn't move. Not that he really wanted to at the moment, with her still-convulsing pussy wrapped around his cock. 

"You are amazing," Elaina said. "That was the best fucking I've ever had."

Kayla smiled knowingly. "He has a skill for holding on."

"We were hoping this would happen," Mark said, "But we never imagined you'd be so..."

"Hot," Kayla finished.

Mark ran his hands around her beautiful body, rubbed one nipple and held it. "I think it's going to be a great weekend."