 Mabel, a retired professor of electrical engineering now seventy-four, had been a widow for over two decades. 

Living alone, she didn't need the big five-bedroom house: she kept it mostly for her visitors. Today she had two, one long-planned, the other impromptu. Joan, her best friend for over fifty years, had arrived a couple of days ago for a three-week visit -- mostly to celebrate her eightieth birthday two days hence. Their friendship dated from when Joan -- then a PhD student -- had undergraduate Mabel as her student in an engineering math course. 

These days, Joan was a functional widow - hubby had gone Alzheimer's a few years back and was now completely and permanently incommunicado: there was no real point in visiting him anymore. Joan, a math teacher, was mentally sharp as a tack. 

In addition to Joan there was Mabel's other visitor was her only nephew, Andrew -- who had arrived unannounced this morning. A thirty-seven year old scientist, he traveled across country frequently, was welcome to drop in extemporaneously, and often did, under cover of Mabel's standing invitation. 

Andrew's bag was still beside the kitchen door as Mabel did introductions. He and Joan had never met, but felt as if they knew one another well, since each had heard in extenso about the other from Mabel over the years. Sitting and chatting over coffee, Andrew had been instantly captivated by Joan's wit and charm. They quickly discovered a shared interest in fast repartee -- especially three-level puns larded with double-entendre and sexual innuendo. 

When Joan and Mabel were talking to one-another, Andrew studied both women discreetly. Mabel --unfortunately - seemed the older -- mostly because she'd gained some un-needed weight, and her skin hadn't aged well: too much sun early in life. Weight notwithstanding, Mabel was actually in good condition -- she insisted on her daily hour or more of yoga, a fifty-year practice. 

Another long-time yoga practitioner, Joan had fared better, aided by both genetics and her longstanding determination --not to call it obsession- to stay in good condition. She and Joan did their yoga together during every visit -- it was nice to have a partner. 

Andrew watched as Joan got up for more coffee -- she moved with a subtly feline grace and smoothness due to five decades of dance atop the yoga. Although always an amateur she had, in fact, danced corps in a big professional production of CATS long ago. Joan was small, just short of tiny, about five two and one ten, light-boned, childless and slim hipped, with the gentlest pot-belly -- it was perceptible only when she was standing and completely relaxed, which she didn't let happen often. 

Andrew was pleasantly surprised to see she still had a genuinely attractive bottom: unlike so many elders, she had no slightest trace of their common bowlegged flat-butted droopiness. 

More details accumulated. She had piercing brilliant blue eyes, lovely facial and neck skin that befitted her age, but nicely so - parchment thin and carrying plenty of wrinkles that showed mostly when she smiled. Lips still full and attractive, with none of the creeping "old-lady" vertical simian lines. Not a dot of makeup anywhere, either. Only the backs of her hands fully agreed with her calendar age, but even there the age-spots were light and hadn't yet begun to coalesce. Beautiful, unusually white teeth, an asset she was inordinately proud of and which got very special care. No upper-arm wattles. No extra chins. No overly loose neck-skin. 

Her long hair was purest silver, not a streak of color anywhere, and still looked soft and flexible and full-bodied. He shook his head mentally as he studied the hair -- she'd done one of those "women and their hair things" that men find so mystifying -- a tight bun, held improbably in place by a single lacquered chopstick. He wondered what it would look like if set free and floating, a special liking of his. 

In toto, Andrew decided rather to his surprise that he found this woman extremely attractive despite their wide age-gap, a gap that inverted the usual arrangement for attraction. It didn't hurt a bit, either, that she was an incredible flirt and practiced on him almost non-stop. 

After two hours of coffee, juice, pastries, and delightful conversation, Andrew's bag still sat beside the kitchen door. Mabel finally noticed it, jumped up and said "Andrew, Joan's in the number one room downstairs -- you get the other." She turned to Joan: "Of course that means you'll have to share the bath... I assume that's okay? It has two doors, you remember." 

Joan said she could manage. Andrew knew the layout. The bath sat between the two relatively large, well-appointed guest rooms and had a door to each. The rooms had floor-to-ceiling window-walls that looked due east out into the garden. 

Andrew disappeared downstairs with his bag: Joan and Mabel moved to the living room. Andrew re-appeared in a few minutes, in running gear. Mabel looked at him closely, up and down -- eighty or not, she appreciated a good male body. Andrew saw her appraisal, recognized that she had intentionally let him see it as part of her flirting, grinned at her, stuck his tongue out, said he'd be back in an hour. Then they could all do something about lunch. Light, preferably. 

He returned as promised, sweaty and glowing, to find lunch on the table. Joan mentioned wistfully that she no longer ran -- walking yes, lots and fast, but running no. Some body parts were getting far too delicate, she was having a not-yet-obvious struggle with osteoporosis, and showed them the slight hump she was developing between her shoulder blades despite her efforts. 

Andrew commiserated as best he could, then announced to Mabel's utter surprise that he had taken up yoga himself recently... and complained in turn about how much his runner's hamstrings interfered with everything yogic. Joan suggested that later, say well after a light supper, they should all do an hour of yoga together: maybe, she grinned, these two old women could give him some useful advice? 

The third downstairs 'bedroom' was Mabel's dedicated yoga nook. Tiny, really nothing more than an oversized walk-in closet with no window and little ventilation -- but it had a ballet-barre, a big wall mirror, and good wooden floor. For one person it was fine: for two, marginal but adequate. For three it was a close fit, and all had to be both friendly and careful. 

The women had done yoga together for decades, and had their routine. Andrew followed along as best he could: keeping up brought him into another good sweat pretty quickly -- about 80% of the strength in the room belonged to him, but the two ladies had about 95% of the total flexibility and balance. Many times when he was unable to even approximate a pose, the women would stop and help: in particular, Joan's touchings were frequent and uncompromising -- she was enjoying herself immensely. 

So, for that matter, was Andrew. The ladies practiced in lycra swimsuits, fabric tight and thin enough to show more detail of underlying surfaces than they seemed aware of, but he knew not to believe that they were less than fully cognizant of their display. 

Andrew's earlier, upstairs appraisal of Joan's fully-clothed bottom was obviously bang-on correct. It was quite pretty. The women's bare legs were a contrast -- Mabel's thighs had absorbed much of her added weight. Joan's legs were slender, the skin texture matching that of her face, lots of wrinkles at the bends, but no loose and flapping excess. The underlying muscles were obviously lean and firm -- particularly the calves. Nicely, her toenails hadn't gone old-people-ish. Joan's flexibility and overall strength and balance were an inspiration, and he told her so. She grinned at him. When he could do so covertly, he studied her upper body: she had small boobs, quite soft and of course flattened beneath the lycra. It was delightful and surprisingly erotic to watch their subtle shifts in shape and position as flesh and gravity and lycra argued with one another, came to a different détente for every pose. 

He had to stop watching closely or he was going to lose concentration, which could be disastrous in such close quarters. Not only that, he could feel the first twinges of blood filling his cock, which astounded and amused him. 

Those twinges only got worse during a final ten-minute pose -- namely corpse pose for relaxation -- aka 'shavasna'. The ladies lay with heads to the east, he lay between them with his head west. He was careful not to let his outstretched arms encounter Mabel's nearby legs: somehow, however, his forearm and Joan's calf wound up nestled cozily against one another. It wasn't clear who might have created that situation, but neither of them took umbrage, neither volunteered to initiate a breaking-off. 

And the subtle undercurrent of sexual tension from mutual touchings and visual inspections had long since filled the room's humid air with strong overtones of male and female pheromones, a chemical stew thick enough to be actually perceptible, not merely subliminal, a chemistry actively engaging receptors deep in all three reptilian brain centers. It made his shavasana less than perfectly restful! 

Later, at evening's end, after long conversations and a bottle of good merlot, Andrew and Joan said goodnight to Mabel and headed downstairs together. Joan called dibs on first shower. Joan's shower noises began, continued for some minutes, then changed to subtler toweling-off sounds. Andrew was lying on his bed clad only in his running shorts, propped on a pillow, reading. He held the book in one hand - the other was buried in his crotch, absently fondling. Joan popped her head around the door, peered at him. He jumped guiltily, draped the book over his lap in an utterly unsuccessful effort to cover his half-risen hardon. 

Joan gave no outwards sign she noticed anything awry -- but her belly did some spectacular flips. "Your turn" she said. "I set out your towels. I think I'm going to just turn in, so I'll see you in the morning!" 

Andrew nodded, said "I'll probably wait until morning for my shower... but thanks!" 

Joan disappeared. Quiet reigned for a few minutes: Andrew read a bit, then turned off his light, slipped off his shorts, lay on his bed uncovered, idly playing with himself. He finally decided that he needed some relief from the erotic tension the yoga and the day's flirting had generated, and that he could be quiet enough if he were careful. But he had to pee first. He stood up -- the bed was a good one and completely silent. He didn't need the room lights, it was just after the rising of the full moon and its silvery-white light was streaming horizontally into the bedroom through the wall-window. He stepped to the bath, opened his door -- the oil he'd put on during an earlier visit still worked, and there was nary a sound from the hinges. The bathroom was dark inside, but light enough to see that Joan's door was about a foot ajar: her room lights were out as well. Not wanting to disturb Joan's sleep by making man-peeing noises, he sat down, tucked his half-hard cock between his legs and against the bowl surface. No splash, but peeing through a soft-on was always a bit of an adventure. The cool porcelain was somehow erotic and as his bladder emptied, his cock filled still more. 

Having drained his bladder, being polite, he decided to delay flushing until morning. No point in bothering Joan. He stood: the carpet made his movement noiseless, but there was a rhythmic, just barely sensible sound coming from Joan's room. Curious, Andrew stepped to her door, slowly poked his head through. 

He gaped: she was lying nude on the navy-blue sheets, face down, legs spread wide and pointed right at him. The horizontal moonlight made her into a silver object of complex curves and planes and inkjet shadows lying on an ebony field: the picture was breathtakingly sensual. She was lying atop one arm: between her legs he could see her fingers dancing. 

His cock inflated quickly to full stand. Fascinated, he opened the door wider, to get a clearer view. Joan sighed deeply, then rolled over: Andrew almost jumped back, but her eyes stayed closed. Her hair was loose now, splayed out into a perfect silver halo about her head, contrasting mightily with the bedding. Her hand stayed pressed against her mound, her fingers in steady motion as she spraddled her legs wide again, then brought the soles of her feet together, strained upwards with her pelvis. 

Thirty seconds of high-speed fingering passed without apparent resolution of her tension. Then, with no warning, she opened her eyes and looked right at Andrew. Her fingers stopped moving, the hand stayed put atop her mons in a vain attempt at modesty, but she made no other efforts to cover herself, just seemed to accept his presence as odd, but not threatening. 

After a long slow breath she said quietly "What are you doing, standing there?" 

"I heard something, didn't know what, and looked in. Right now I'm watching a beautiful woman play with herself. It's very arousing, you know." 

She considered, then replied "Sorry if I made too much noise. I was trying so hard to be quiet, too! Hope I haven't embarrassed you." Her breasts lay flat, sagging far sideways: yielding to age and gravity, they retained no real resistance to flow. But her nipples were brilliantly erect, and stood up big and rough-looking, casting long inky shadows in the moonlight. 

Andrew replied "Embarrassed? I don't think so. I was getting ready to do the same for myself, as you can see." In for a nickel, he stepped well into the room, held up his hardon, a silver cylinder. She eyed it. "Besides," he said, "... what's there to be embarrassed about? Every human does it! It's free, probably prevents cancer, renewable, low-calorie and FUN. Phooey on embarrassment over body functions." 

She sighed, shook her head, and said almost laughing, "You should add "...and sometimes difficult" to your nice, sensible list of adjectives, Andrew." 

"How so?" he queried. 

"It's very difficult for me to reach a climax. Very. Always has been. Always worthwhile, though. And the difficulty means I've probably missed out on a good bit of my share of such things, integrated over a lifetime." 

He looked at her steadily for a few seconds, then said quietly "May I come over and sit beside you on the bed?" 

She was startled by the unexpected question and didn't immediately reply. He seized the initiative, took her lack of answer as implied permission, and stepped forward. 

Still she managed no response - she was mesmerized by his body, most especially by his cock. It bobbed as he moved, the shadow of his arm lay across the few inches closest to his belly so that the tip and half the shaft seemed to float free of the rest of him as he approached. She watched its approach with the intensity of a mongoose eyeing a cobra, but part of her mind was otherwise occupied with the furze of glittering moonlit hairs on his thighs and calves, with his overall outline - 110% male - and his "I'm-in-command!" body language. 

Her belly was suddenly knotting, a sensation just short of mal-de-mer. 

Andrew sat close beside her, their hips not quite touching. The bed was solid, quiet, taking his weight like a miniature earthquake, with a little shiver and tilt. She could feel his body heat on her leg, and felt herself enveloped in the remnants of their earlier pheromone cloud, a subtle but extremely obvious effluvium of male sexuality and exercise. 

He moved slowly: gently as a falling leaf he laid one hand atop hers that covered her crotch, then whispered "I strongly suspect that I can help with that 'difficulty' problem. If you'll permit me? I'd love to try!" 

His hand was huge: the fingertips draped over the edges of her hand, tickled and played delicately in the creases of her crotch-vee, twiddling the few soft pubic hairs that age had left her. For thirty years or more she'd had almost perfectly hairless pits and arms and legs. She had no idea when the last time was that she'd shaved anything. Joan also had no idea that such ultimate nudity was hugely erotic to Andrew, who hadn't merely noticed it, but had already studied it in some detail even if briefly. His gentle, sensual tickling was enticing, adding to the belly-churn, but he pushed no farther, waiting for her to respond. 

"Why would you want to do such a thing?" she asked. 

"Don't be silly, Joan! You're a beautiful and extraordinarily sexy woman, we get along fabulously, this is the ultimate of romantic sexy situations. Better than anything I could dream up, in fact... and lots better than anything that's happened in my love-life lately." 

She shook her head and smiled. "Andrew, you're being absurd! All that is highly complimentary, but absurd. Tempting, but absurd. Absurd, absurd, absurd! I'm over twice your age. I'm an old woman, Andrew... osteoporosis setting in, saggy and baggy everywhere. A thoroughly used, living antique - basically worn out. You can't possibly find me attractive. Absurd." 

"Balderdash!" said Andrew. 

The statement broke the tension and Joan giggled -- she couldn't remember ever having heard anyone use that word seriously. 

He leaned forward as if to kiss her. 

The move threw her into instant confusion approaching panic, but she didn't have to react because he stopped short, reached out and tapped her forehead. "What I am attracted to is, really, what's in here! The package is incidental -- so long as all the parts are present and functional, that's all I could want. And your package, Madam, is MUCH better than merely acceptable. Age is not an independent factor here, much less a determining one!" 

He continued with body-language, bent forward unexpectedly and firmly sucked one very hard nipple deep into his mouth. She half gasped, half sighed, and her free arm slid around his shoulders. 

Her breast provided Andrew with a whole new suite of oral sensations as its tissues flowed into his mouth like custard, conforming to the complex geometry of its new container. The nipple lodged far back against his palate and he savored it, pressing and rolling firmly. Joan couldn't speak -- the pleasure flooding her was far too intense for that. For Andrew, the tit was delightful, hugely erotic, utterly different from trying to nurse on a more solid, younger system. Less mature boobs couldn't possibly fill his mouth this way. And he enjoyed it immensely. 

Andrew picked up her free hand, carried it to his crotch, wrapped her fingers around his erection. "As to your nonsense about how I can't possibly find you attractive, well, Madam, this proves otherwise in terms you can't argue with!" 

Her fingers gripped him snugly, explored. "You're shaved!" 

He nodded, said "Yep. For years and years. I like things that way. The more nerve endings one can make available, the better!" She stopped moving her hand, gripped him solidly: "This is an amazing compliment, Andrew. You're right, I can't argue with it, although I certainly don't understand it. I am enormously flattered! Thank you." They stayed like that for almost a minute while Joan ran a fingertip delicately around the rim of Andrew's cock, back and forth, making him twitch. 

Finally, Andrew lifted her other hand away from her mons, laid it on her belly, and shifted his weight. "Hold still." 

She did, her breathing almost stalled. 

He slid his hand down her belly to between her legs, cupped her mons in his palm, brought the middle fingertip down across her clit and circled the opening -- she was slippery wet. Yet another old-age myth debunked. His palm settled firmly over her whole mound, pressing solidly on her clit as he entered. 

The touches made her shiver violently, then gasp again, her hips involuntarily pressing to intensify the contact. Inside, Andrew found her positively hot: hot and very snug indeed. Apparently nobody -- perhaps nothing -- had been here for a very long time. He circled her cervix, gently waggling it about, determined that she enjoyed the action, then added another finger and curled the pair forward. It was the easiest-to-find G spot he'd ever encountered. Joan's hips bucked up hard as he pressed, stroked, pressed again, softly ground her clit between palm and pubis. Suddenly she was arched upwards, muttering through clenched teeth "Oh... My..." and then words failed her as she came so strongly that she was utterly out of conscious control, shaking and shivering and spasming for tens of seconds. 
