 When I was eighteen years old I was still living at home, saving up a bit of money before I moved out of town to go to university. I had taken the year off after graduating high school, working as a hostess in a restaurant a few nights a week. My job gave me plenty of free time during the day, something that I valued greatly as spring led into summer. I spent many afternoons at the beach or even just hanging out in my parents' backyard working on my tan.

Although I've fluctuated a few pounds here and there over the years, my body is very much the same now as it was then, over twelve years earlier. I was very petite, standing about five-foot-two and weighing not much more than a hundred pounds. I've never had to work very hard to keep my figure; in fact, the times in my life when I didn't exercise at all actually added weight to my hips and my breasts in a way that most of the guys I've been with actually seemed to prefer.

At eighteen, I had been seeing the same guy for over two years. He was, at that point, the first and only guy I had ever slept with. Unfortunately, however, we had started to grow apart and it was only a matter of time before one of us would have the guts to break up with the other.

In the meantime I was really lusting after Sean, the guy who had been living with us for the last few months. Sean's dad was a close friend of my dad's and he had just moved into the area for a new job. He was hoping to save up some money to buy a place of his own, so my dad offered to let him stay with us for a little while. He was in his mid-twenties, tall and fit with short, brown hair. As cute as he was, he was also quite shy, or at least that's what I thought. I'm pretty sure I had seen him checking me out on more than one occasion, but I had never detected anything resembling any real interest on his part. Although I was a little more outgoing, I had never done anything more than smile at him and make sure I looked nice any time he was around.

It was late on a weekday morning when I had decided to lie down in the backyard and get some sun. My parents were both at work and my brother was at school, and Sean was probably working as well. I changed into my little yellow string bikini and grabbed a towel before heading outside. I had been blessed with tolerant skin, so I rarely wore sunscreen when I was out in the sun. I spread the towel out on the lawn and sprawled out on my back, soaking in the rays. After about twenty minutes I flipped onto my stomach, undoing the ties on my bikini top so that I wouldn't wind up with any tan lines on my back. I had just untied myself when I heard the phone ringing inside the house. I ignored it, knowing that by the time I had tied up my top and gotten inside I would have missed the call anyway. It was only a few seconds later that I heard Sean's voice calling to me from the house.

"Hey Christine, the phone's for you," he said.

Because I thought I had the house to myself, his voice startled me. I jumped a bit and turned my head to face the house. This wound up exposing my right breast for a brief moment before I remembered that I was topless.

"Shit!" I said. "You scared me!"

"Sorry about that," he said. I could see his eyes on my breast during that quick exposure and it turned me on. "Should I say you're not available?"

"No, it's okay," I said. "I'll be right there." He stepped back inside as I tied up my top and then got up. I went inside and picked the phone up off the counter, hearing one of my friend's voices on the line. As I stood there in my bikini, Sean busied himself in the kitchen, making himself a sandwich. A couple of times I looked over at him and caught him staring at my body. I glanced down at his crotch and noticed the substantial bulge in his pants. I had always wondered about what he was packing in there. Many times I thought about sneaking into the bathroom while he was showering so I could see his entire body, especially his cock. Each time I would chicken out and wind up playing with myself in my room, imagining him fucking me.

Seeing his obvious erection gave me the encouragement I needed to take things a bit further. I kept talking on the phone as I brushed past him, my ass rubbing against his crotch as I went to the fridge for a glass of juice. On my way back from the fridge I repeated the same action, lingering for just a bit longer that time. I could feel the swollen package in his pants and all I wanted was to feel it inside me. I leaned forward against the counter and arched my back, sticking my ass out towards him, knowing that he would be watching. Sure enough, when I turned my head to look at him, he was staring right at my ass. He hadn't seen me catch him, so I stood back up and turned around. He looked up into my eyes and I gave him a look that told him he had been caught, then I looked down to his crotch once again, this time making sure he saw me do it. I licked my lips and then finished up my phone conversation, walking towards him. As I was saying goodbye to my friend, I reached out with one hand and began rubbing the bulge in his pants. I hung up the phone and then stared at him in silence. I stopped rubbing his cock and then pulled his shirt up over his head, tossing it to the floor. He grabbed onto my ass and pulled me tight against him, grinding our bodies together.

"You feel really big," I told him. "I've wanted this for so long." He smiled and then undid his pants, pulling them down and kicking them off.

"Your body is incredible," he said to me. "I want to touch every last inch of it."

"I really shouldn't do this when I have a boyfriend," I said to him. He ignored my comment, so I proceeded to take off my bikini top, revealing my small breasts. "This just feels so right," I said. He led me over to the family room, adjacent to the kitchen, and then pulled his underwear off, giving me my first glimpse at his cock. The only cock I had ever seen at that point in my life was my boyfriend's, which was average in every way. Sean's cock was much bigger, still one of the largest I've seen outside of porn, and it was uncircumcised. He also shaved his balls, something that I obviously hadn't seen anyone else do at that point in my life. I took off my bikini bottoms, exposing my trimmed pussy, and all of a sudden we were both naked.

"I want to suck it," I said to him. I had always enjoyed sucking my boyfriend's cock, and having seen Sean's made my mouth water just thinking about it. He sat down on the couch and I knelt in front of him, holding his cock in my hand. I was overcome by the desire to fit his entire cock into my mouth, so I leaned forward, opened my mouth and took him in. I struggled to fit it into my mouth, finally bottoming out with at least a couple of more inches to go. Since I knew from my experience with my boyfriend that I could fit about six inches down my throat, I figured that Sean's cock was at least eight inches, if not nine. He held my hair out of the way as I bobbed my head up and down, taking him as deep as I could.

"My jaw is getting sore," I said a few minutes later, pausing to stroke his shaft and play with his balls. I sucked him for a little while longer and then he pulled me up off the floor. I got on my back on the couch as he hovered over me, his cock just inches from my pussy. "Do you think we should use a condom?" I asked.

"No," he said. "It'll feel better this way." I had been on the pill for a couple of years, so I knew I was unlikely to get pregnant, but I still probably should have stopped him. He rubbed the head of his cock up and down the length of my slit, making me squirm. I tried pulling him into me, but it didn't work at all. He kept teasing me, making my pussy even wetter.

"Stop teasing me and put it in!" I said to him. He smiled and continued to tease me for a while before pushing in gently. I had no idea how much I would love a big cock until I had one stretching me out. It hurt, but that pain was no match for the intense pleasure that accompanied it. He looked straight down into my eyes as he pulled out and then pushed it back in, starting nice and slow so that I had time to adjust.

"Is it too big for you?" he asked. I bit my lips and responded by shaking my head from side to side. As my pussy started to relax he began thrusting a bit harder, making me moan. It didn't take long for my first orgasm to hit, my entire body convulsing underneath him. I was even wetter after I had cum, so he was now able to fuck me relatively hard and fast.

"I love your sexy body," he said to me. "You're so fucking tight!" He sat back on his knees, continuing his rhythm of thrusting as he reached down and rubbed my clit. "You feel so good, Christine! I want to make you cum again!"

"I love your cock!" I said. "It feels so fucking good!"

"And I love this tight, wet little pussy!" he said.

Seconds later I was cumming again, gasping for air. Once my orgasm had subsided he pulled out and sat back on the couch, pulling me on top of him. I straddled his hips and then lowered my pussy onto his cock, grinding my hips down onto his.

"That feels so fucking good!" I said. "Your dick is so big!" He continued to rub my clit as I rode his cock. "God, you're making me wet! My boyfriend never feels this good!"

"Maybe your boyfriend isn't big enough," he said to me. "Keep cumming for me, baby!"

I was getting close to cumming again when he pushed me off of him and had me turn around before pulling me back onto his cock again. I was facing away from him but leaning right back against him as I ground myself down into his hips, taking his cock as deep as it would go as he fondled my tits.

"You look so fucking good riding me like this!" he said.

"You're so deep inside me!" I said. "I love your fucking cock!"

"It feels good, doesn't it?" he asked. "Are you going to cum for me again?" I reached down and started to rub my clit.

"God yes!" I said. "Your dick is so big!" A couple of minutes later, just as I was nearing another orgasm, he pushed me off of him and then had me turn around and kneel in front of him. My boyfriend had tried to get me to suck his cock after it had been inside me on a few occasions, but I hadn't enjoyed it. For some reason, however, I was eager to do it for Sean. I leaned forward and took his cock into my mouth, tasting my own pussy on it. Again I sucked about six or seven inches of it as I played with his balls.

"Does that feel good?" I asked. He nodded in response. "I love your dick, Sean." I sucked him off for a few more minutes before he pushed me away and stood up, helping me to my feet. He led me over to the fireplace and had me lean over the mantel, my ass sticking out behind me. I felt him put the head of his cock against my pussy and then push in, impaling me from behind. "Fuck that feels good!" I said as he started to fuck me. "Take my pussy baby!" Again I reached back and rubbed my clit, growing addicted to the added sensation. It only took a few more minutes before I came hard, my knees buckling underneath me. Thankfully Sean had his hands on my waist and was able to hold me up and continue to fuck me. He reached up and grabbed a handful of my hair, pulling back on it as he pounded me harder.

"Take my fucking pussy baby!" I repeated. "It's all yours!"

"I'm going to cum in your fucking pussy!" he warned. I said nothing in response, but moments later I felt his cock expand as it began to shoot deep inside me. His orgasm triggered another one from me, making me scream out loud. Once we were both done cumming we stood still for a moment before Sean pulled his cock out of my cream-filled pussy. I collapsed on the couch, barely conscious of the fact that his cum was leaking out of my pussy and onto the leather. He stood and looked at me for a moment before gathering our clothes, handing me my bikini.

"I've wanted to get inside you for so long," he said to me. "I didn't think you'd be willing to cheat on your boyfriend."

"I'll be ending it soon," I said. "You fucked me so much better than he does."

"Good," he said. "I'm definitely going to want more of that pussy." I smiled and we both started to get dressed. "That was great, Christine. I can't wait to get you alone again."

We agreed that this definitely wouldn't be the last time we got together, but we also knew we needed to be discreet. Something told me that my dad wouldn't be very cool with me fucking his friend's son under his roof...