 As soon as he heard her name he was excited to meet her. He was having dinner with his friend who mentioned she was going to meet up with some people. Something about just the sound of her name struck a nerve within him. He needed to put a face to the name. 

She didn't disappoint. Her eyes sparkled as she extended her hand to him. Her touch was firm, yet feminine. Her hair was a reminder of the sun kissed beach bunnies from his home of California. It was her smile that stole the show. He couldn't have asked for a more perfect set of lips to look at. She had defiantly made his night so far.

Their communication was brief for two reasons. The first being that he knew himself and what his weaknesses are. He gets too excited and overzealous, which leads to him coming on too strong. The second was that he had no idea if she was taken or not. The second point would be answered briefly.

Within minutes of her arrival, another man walked up beside her, and she snaked her arm around his waist. Their demeanor suggested that they were together, or at least had been intimate at some point. Well no harm in flirting a little anyway he thought. With a shrug, he began to banter with her. 

He was playful, and it seemed to be reciprocated. They seemed to flow through their conversation, and it seemed liked a little momentum was building between them.

They were not the only ones who noticed. Soon, other guy had his hands on her legs, or scooting closer to her. They went out to smoke, and other guy sat next to her, hand on her back. Peeing around her wouldn't have been as noticeable as this was. All he could do was smile about it. There wasn't really a chance this was going to happen. He was having fun with it.

They did have fun, playing off each other words, high five-in each other, just having a great time. He felt like there were sparks all over, but she was hard to read. Plus there was the other guy, so it was just fun right?

The moment that changed happened in a blink of an eye. She was looking at him, and said something. He forgot what it was because he was kind of lost in the moment with her. She stuck her tongue out and something lit in him. A desire he hadn't felt since his heart had been broken. This had gone from playful banter to a little fire between them. He felt something for her; he wanted to know more of her.

His thoughts then began to drift to other areas. He thought of her tongue. He wanted to taste her mouth, wondered how she kissed. His desire began to grow. He wanted to feel her skin on his, he wished to touch her, feel her softness, and hear her pants of desire. He wanted to know how she moved, what it felt like to wrap her in his arms. How would she fit in his embrace? The questions began to swirl. 

He wondered if she felt it too. She seemed at moments to be interested, even felt like the heat was reciprocal. Her eyes got bigger when she talked with him, she smiled often. There was a gleam in her glance. It was intoxicating.

Finally the dam broke. She handed him a slip of paper. It was out of sight of other guy, which confirmed that there might be something unofficial going on there, but that she was interested. It contained only one short message. Hilary- (319)555-1771 Call Me Soon.

He was floored and flattered. How could this have happened? All the second guessing came to wondering, would he be the second guy? Was he ok with it? What would the harm be in calling...?

So, a few days later he texted her. Immediately she seemed happy to hear from him they had a good few texts and decided to meet at the same place they had met a few nights before. He was nervous, but I couldn't let the opportunity pass him by. As he prepared he had no idea what to expect. He searched for that feeling of nervousness, or fear. Neither resided in his gut this time. He was full of energy and excitement. He was ready for this.

He arrived about fifteen minutes before he was supposed to. He wanted to make a good impression, but also wanted every second with her he could get. It felt like an eternity before she arrived. When she did, nothing could have prepared him for it.

She walked in the door, almost as if coming from a movie. Her hair swung freely around her jean jacket. The brightness of her white shirt was complimented by the darkness of her jacket. Her skin looked as though if touched her she would find she was made of cream. Her hips swung with a womanly gate that made his imagination stir. He couldn't wait to touch her.

He wouldn't have to wait long. She smiled as soon as she saw him and immediately they were hugging. She smelled wonderful, and she fit better than he could ever have imagined. Her form melted into his and it felt like the hug lasted forever. In truth it was just a few seconds. The after effects would linger inside of him for a long time after. The excitement carried through the night as they had a few drinks, and laughed together. After a little bit, they played some pool on a secluded corner of the joint. There were some great moments, that would be considered typical, yet because of the players in this dance felt electric. She feigned not knowing how to shot a shot so that he would he would have to lean against her to help her out. He would stand across the table as she shot admiring the view of her beauty. They would touch hands occasionally, and every time the electricity of it shook him. 

After a few hours, came the part he was excited about, and yet was unsure of. We walked her out to her car. The night was clear and crisp. Normally a parking lot wouldn't be romantic but with the brightness of the stars, and the girl he was with, it wouldn't have mattered if zombies were about to attack, he was lost in the moment with her. 

She walked to her car and turned around leaning against it. There was some definite tension and excitement. I wanted, no needed to kiss her. His curiosity of what she would be like, the feel of her lips, the texture of her tongue was eating away at him. Every time she had stuck it out at him drove him nuts. He needed to see what it would be like. He chatted while waiting for his moment.

It came a few moments later. She reached up to hug him again, and he kissed her check. She lightly, almost inaudibly moaned. I felt it against vibrate his check, more than actually heard it. He kissed her again a little closer to her mouth. He felt her turn her head towards him. Instead of kissing her right then, pulled back a little bit to examine her eyes. He saw the willingness of her to offer her lips, the softness in her eyes, he wanted to build the yearning a little more. 

She tilted her head a little, and he knew it was now or never. In unison they moved slowly towards each other. The space between them gradually closed and soon their lips and made contact. It started out soft and gentle. Their lips met, his breathing quickened melting into the kiss, feeling her lips part only slightly. Their lips separated, and came together several times. What started as light touches began to grow into hungry nibbles. Soon tongues where moving, and the passion was increasing as the kisses grew longer. 

His hands moved from her back to her hips, to her hair. He pulled her closer, feeling her smaller frame crush against him. She moaned several times in his mouth as their passion heightened. He felt her hands roam on his back; he relished her touch, and even jumped when her hands found a bare spot of skin where his shirt had ridden up.

He took her hair in his hands and almost reluctantly pulled her mouth from his. By doing this, by her hair, he exposed her neck. He immediately began to nuzzle on the soft flesh there. He felt her heat rise up through her blood, and the hunger grew more. He could not have imagined this to be any better. Until he felt her hands move to his chest and lightly push him away.

He looked at her as she looked away for a second. He knew he might have crossed the line, but passion does that to people. She took a few minutes before she said anything. He knew their night was over, but didn't regret anything. His lips still tingled. 

"I have had a great time with you." She began. "I honestly didn't know how much fun we would have. And I thank you for this night." He felt the end coming. He looked forward to her hug again. He was perplexed when she pulled out her phone. 

"I told myself I wasn't going to do this."

"I'm sorry if I rushed you into this."

She chuckled. 

"You didn't rush me into anything. In fact, wait ten minutes, check your phone. You might be surprised." With that she leaned up and kissed him quickly. As quick as that happened she was in her car and gone. He smiled as he watched her go. 

He went back into the bar and ordered a drink. He paid for it and watched the game as it was going on. What a great night he thought to himself. Kissed a beautiful girl, had a good time, and now football. Wish the beer was cheaper, but what could he do? All in all it was a good night. 

He got up to go to the bathroom, and was standing there peeing when he remembered he was supposed to check his phone. He reached into his pocket and looked at it. One message received. He opened it, and was out the door in seconds. The message was simple... 912 east 17th St.

The drive was short, and he was shaking with excitement and nerves as he approached the door. He knocked a few times. After what felt like hours the latch came undone, and there she stood. They said nothing; she just smiled and grabbed his hand. She offered a drink which he turned down. He had too much flowing through his body as it was. 

"I need to say something." She looked at him as she waited for him to continue. 

"I don't do anything with someone I'm not exclusive with. "

He went to continue but she silenced him with a kiss. There was no more use of words after that. The kisses started to blend together as their feet moved in unison as she led him to her bedroom. She hugged him closer as they found her door. She began searching for the knob behind her back. He reached around her and opened it as their mouths continued to work on each other. The door flung open, and soon they were in the darkness. He pushed her through the room looking for her bed. They found a wall instead. 

As soon as she was planted against it, his kisses took on a ferocity that she had yet experienced. She kisses moved from her mouth to her neck to her collarbone. There was a mixture of kisses and nibbles. She was reeling in the mixture, feeling the textures of his hot breath, his wet mouth, and the gently scrapping of his goatee. He moved his hands to her sides, almost hesitant to touch her in his passion. She ached for the feel of his hands on her bare flesh. She longed to feel his.

She reached down between them and fumbled for his belt. He didn't realize what was going on for he was lost in her scent of her neck. When she had almost gotten his belt undone his hands shot down to grab her by the wrists. He gently pulled her hands behind her and pinned them together with one hand as he got to work on her shirt. He reclaimed her mouth with his, as he fumbled with her shirt. Finally he just yanked the buttons free. He was rewarded with the image of her creamy skin in all its glory. Her breasts were not overly large, but supple. He worked his way down her front till his mouth began to climb over the roundness of the swell. He kissed around the nipple, before moving his head into the valley and began to kiss around the other one. She began to struggle a little as her breath was coming in short gulps. She was turning her chest to try and get his mouth to find the location she wanted him to.

When he finally found that spot, she gasped loudly. The moan that escaped was loud and breathy. The texture of her nipple was wonderful in his mouth. He released her hands as he held one of her breasts and the other hand trailed down her back to her backside. She grabbed his head as kissed her all over. The fire was growing for both.

He reached for the button of her jeans, and it popped free in seconds. The zipper came down on its own as he ran his hand inside. He felt the silkiness of her underwear, and the heat radiating out of her. Soon her hands were pushing her own jeans down to give him some room to work. His fingers had just brushed her sensitive button when she took him by his shoulders and turned him against the wall. She kissed him as she undid his shirt, revealing his chest to her. It was not a firm as she liked, but he was not to hairy. There was a silent strength to his form, and masculenaty beautiful. She kissed his neck and heard him moan in reply. 

She began to slowly kiss her way down his form as she worked his pants open. Before she had hit her knees, his pants were in a pool around his ankles. His erection jutted out in front of him and she wanted to taste him.

She looked at it for a second before looking up at him while wrapping her fingers around his hardness. He wasn't huge, but had a great girth to him. In many ways he was the perfect blend of length and width. Still looking into his eyes she leaned forward and planted a kiss on the tip of his friend. The head was soft and spongy. She opened her mouth slowly taking more and more of him in it. He felt warm and tasted not so much of salt but more of passion. He threw his head back as she devoured his member. Her mouth was even better than he could have imagined. He knew he couldn't hold out long, but knew he could make it up to her. He said he name once, she moaned back at him. He said it again and she picked up her pace. The third time he said it, it was a warning to her. Her reply was an mmm hmm that he felt and not heard. With that acknowledgement he let forth his passion to fill her mouth. She hungrily bobbed and swallowed. He breathing became raspy, and his eyes were full of stars. 

It took him a few minutes to recover, and as soon as he did, he located her bed. Then picked her up, kissing her along the way and placed her on the bed. His mouth moved quickly to her neck, her collarbone, her chest, her nipple, then the other one, to her belly finding her belly button along the way. He stopped there to lick it in the same manner he intended to like her. Her breathing was shallow and her moans could not be described as anything other than desireful. 

He moved past her belly button to her pelvis, and hen just as she thought he was going to attack her area, he backed off. He kissed her hips, the joint of her legs, her thigh, her knee, her calf. When he got to her ankle, he switched legs and settled in between them. He kissed his way back up her leg as his fingers began to dabble in her. He felt he slickness, and began to gently pull on her lips. He sucked on her thigh as he teased her opening. Soon she was writhing around in anticipation. Without warning he licker her button and slid a finger into her, hooking the finger around her pelvic bone. He began to lightly lick her as his fingers gently pulled her closer to their desired location. She began to feel it build in her, and there was no stopping it. She hit the first one, as she did so he closed his mouth around her button.

The second one came soon after, followed by a third. She kicked her hips up trying to get him to release his grip. She wanted more of him, and would not be satisfied until she had such. She pulled on his head, and he complied slowly re-climbing her body. She was glad to feel his hardness rub against her calf as he did so, telling her he was ready for all kinds of things. 

He kissed her as he finished his climb. It was a soft kiss, and built the anticipation a little more. He looked into her eyes for a long time. Kissing her periodically. He shifted his hips and soon his hand had placed himself at the entrance to her Eden. He gazed into her eyes, not saying a word and yet writing a novel of desire. 

She couldn't take anymore. She wrapped a leg around his and tried to pull him into her. He began to slowly sink in her. Still he didn't move. She then moved her hips a little, gaining about an inch of him. She craved more, he knew it. He wanted it as much as she did, but he needed her to know how serious this was for him. They locked eyes; he leaned forward and kissed her. As he did so, he sank into her completely. Her long moan was captured in his mouth. Soon his hips were rocking with hers, and the rhythm was building. Their bodies danced the dance of lust as the sweat began to form on them. She was warm, wet, and he slid in and out of her fluidly. 

He pulled her hair gently to re-expose her neck. She yelped as he bit her gently and he stoked her. They were lost in their passion. She scrapped his back with her fingernails, he grabbed her ass as he drove deeper. She pushed back against him, as he pushed harder. The moment was caught up in them.

He felt the tide of all he had beginning to raise in him. He whispered her name in her ear. Suddenly her hips became even more alive. She met his strokes, her cries of pleasure matching his feeling. He whispered it again. He needed to know where it was acceptable to place his need. He asked, and she didn't say a word. He whispered her name one last time and began to pull his hips away from her. She wrapped her legs around him so that he could not do so as he unloaded in side of her. Hers hit a few seconds after, feeling him pulsate inside. 

They were worn out, and neither really remembered falling asleep, but they did. She wrapped in his arms.