 Two days ago at work a coworker forced herself upon me. That sounds violent, but it was actually awesome. Pure awesome.

She and I were closing together, and while we were making a trip to the stockroom she gave me a blowjob. There was no arguing with her, she wanted my cock in her mouth. I did not, by the way, try to argue with her. Here's how it went down... er... she went down. Anyway:

This coworker — we'll call her Elena — has flirted with me since we started working together, and I won't say I haven't reciprocated. She's totally hot: tall (taller than me — I'm 6'1"), blonde, gorgeous and long-limbed, with medium bouncy tits and a nice ass. I've always been animalistically attracted to her, eating up her flirty glances and generous body contact. She'd squeeze past me, rubbing her breasts against my arm, sarcastically saying, "Oh god, I'm so sorry about that." I always held out hope that we'd someday hook up.

On Tuesday, as the door swung shut behind us in the stockroom, Elena pushed me against a stack of boxes and told me with a smirk to follow her orders. She kissed me hard on the mouth, pushing her tight long body against mine, grabbing my hair. She told me she wanted my cock in her mouth, and that she was going to go ahead and make that happen. Before I had a chance to say anything she was on her knees looking up at me, still smirking, running her hand from my chest down to my cock, which had sprung to life the second she pushed me against the boxes. She undid my belt, opened my jeans, and pulled me out of my boxers — all with a hungry look on her face.

"Not bad," she said, inspecting my cock. She ran her beautiful long fingers up and down the length of me, her wine-red nail polish glinting in the low light. She licked her full red lips and bent her head down to take the tip of my penis into her mouth. Just the head at first, sucking lightly, running her hot tongue around its contours. She looked up at me with her pretty blue eyes, as if seeking approval, and I told her that her lips looked good around my cock. Wasting no time at all (we were on the clock, after all) she took the whole length of me into her mouth, closing her eyes for the last inch or so. Once I was good and wet, she started sucking my cock hard, bobbing her head up and down, keeping good steady eye contact. I was groaning quietly, telling her how good it felt.

After a few minutes, I told her to let me see her tits. Still kneeling, she unbuttoned her shirt and slipped her bra off her shoulders, revealing her amazing, soft breasts. Pale skin, red nipples standing out pointing up at me. I cupped them in my hands, feeling their firmness and caressing her nipples. She pushed my hands away and once again attacked my cock. Her mouth felt so good and tight around me, and she was very good at what she was doing (not to mention fucking gorgeous) — so before long I was feeling that feeling down in my balls, building slowly. I told her to keep sucking my cock, and that before long I was going to cum. Upon hearing this she smiled, slipping my cock out of her mouth. Slightly out of breath, she asked me coyly if I was going to cum on her face. She saw the yes in my expression and went back to work, gliding her smooth hot tongue and lips from the tip of my cock all the way down to the base. She took me in her hand and jacked me off hard while she sucked on each of my balls, batting her eyelashes at me. I watched her tits jiggle in that way only firm tits jiggle, and enjoyed her ravenous mouth.

I told her I was really close, and that at this rate I was going to cum any second. She sucked me fast and rhythmically and when I really started to moan and my body tightened up, she slid my cock noisily out of her mouth and worked her hand up and down, aiming it at her chin. I let out a grunt and told her I was about to cum all over her face. She gave a dirty laugh and squeezed my cock as I shot my first stream of cum onto her lips. The rest covered her cheeks and nose, and she didn't break eye contact the whole time. When I was through she laughed again, this time a satisfied, "wasn't that fun?" sort of laugh, and licked the cum from her lips.

I got her a paper towel and we wordlessly finished closing the restaurant. Next time we work together, if given half a chance, I plan on returning the favor, in the stockroom, up against the boxes. I'd love to get down on my knees for her — I'm sure she has a beautiful pussy, judging by the rest of her. Oh Elena.