 Probably one of the toughest things an author can do is co-write a story. Writing styles and plot directions can become stumbling blocks, let alone the fear of incongruous phrasing, alien word selection (okay, so that was a lousy example) or failing to synchronize a creative flow. 

A way that can be fun is developing the story together – but separately. One person starts off creating a scenario and then sends it to the other to respond. You keep this going back and forth and watch the story grow and, if it gels, it can inspire and take you to delicious places you hadn't even thought of! 

My anonymous writing partner and I quickly found common ground and the magic took us on a sumptuous morning adventure ... or perhaps I'm just a figment of her fervid imagination...a fervid figment...perfervid perversity ...anyway, we hope you enjoy it as much as it amused us in the making. 

Those early morning tease and touch sessions rolling around in bed always have a wet and lasting affect on us - not to mention, gives new meaning to "More tea, darling?" Bodies just taste and feel so delicious at that hour. There's simply no resisting your smooth, salty skin and this morning is no exception. After our playtime full of long, passionate kisses and fingers probing wet, warm places, I melt watching you walk through our dressing room to the shower. Your body is one I never tire of. Bending over to test the water temperature, your upper thigh muscles tense up into a finely defined sculpture - one that would make even Michelangelo jealous. I fight the urge to join you, letting the fantasy of washing your body with soap-covered hands tingle through my body. Do you touch yourself and play when I am not there with you, I wonder? 

After an all too brief interlude of luscious play with you (when are they not too luscious and too brief?), before starting to address life's other needs leaving a thirst to rival Tantalus's...I head for the shower with just a tinge of regret that you choose not to bring the game to the ample warm, wet cocoon. Fondly remembering sitting and watching you shower through the frosted glass, my cock stirs again as I wish you would watch me. Replaying that scene, I see how you touch yourself, how you scrub the night--and me--from your skin; how delicately you wet, soap and rinse your face, your tender underarms, your breasts and the 'naughty bits' so matter-of-factly, yet in your unique and uniquely feminine way. You knew I was watching but you gave me only the experience of your lavatory reality, no show, and I loved it for its simple intimacy and your graceful comfort. Being shy in my own way, I could never invite you to watch me though I would love for you to. All these pass my conscious and semi consciousness as I clean. There is, of course, the pleasure of soaping oneself, some areas with special care while not lingering too long, and with the rinse, I allow the water to linger just long enough as I recall your own affinity for water in certain useful ways.

Your timing is perfect. Just as you return to our bedroom, I'm dressing, meticulously adjusting my breasts with tender, loving care into your favourite black, sheer bra. Your adoring eyes make me self conscious as I wiggle into a short, tight skirt and you watch as I continue, placing a bare foot on the bed to fasten the tiny straps of my shoes. I know how you love the look of my legs when I wear high heels so I endure this inconvenience for you willingly.

When I am dry, I leave the shower with a towel around me but think how much more fun it would be to feel so completely comfortable wandering around naked in front of you. Seeing you adjust your breasts in that bra stirs me in so many ways - one of which is obvious - and I am reminded that covering at least tends to limit displays of lust (women just can't understand what it's like having their interest so readily on display or wandering around with dangly bits swaying at other times). God you're beautiful; god you're exciting. And look at those gorgeous legs. But how can you wear those shoes? Hmmm. Are those the infamous 'fuck me' pumps? So recently I was there and already I feel an urgent need to look up that short skirt. You're driving me wild, and I can see your recognition as you look at this goddamned towel. You should be taught a lesson. I should throw you down on the bed and fuck you senseless--or me at least. Better, I should put you face down, make you spread your cheeks for me so I can kiss your beautiful ass then fuck you there...Hmmm. That damned towel! ...and you're trying to hide your smile. Alright Twit, get yourself dressed - she'll get hers.

Once in the car and on our way to the first errand of the day, I turn to you with a wicked smile. "My love, I want to see your cock. May I take it out?" The palm of my left hand glides over your sleeping manhood, which, by the mere suggestion of capturing my attention, starts to rise. I love feeling it grow under my hand and I continue applying friction as I rub.

What a tease...and now you're asking?! You love what you've done--instant hard on and only you can do that. God your hand feels good. Focus on the road - stay focused on the road, the rest will take care of itself.

In response to the question, your hand slides lustfully between my legs and is welcomed by parted legs. "You devil!" you choke, "You're not wearing panties!" Instead of your fingers finding the expected silky garment, it has met with a bush of soft, trimmed hair.

Two can play at this. My hand slides up the smooth skin of your legs to feel your crotch--we really should have fucked this morning; it's astounding how much I want to feel between your legs; it'd be even more fun to put my fingers into your pussy wet with our fuck. Stunner! - you're not wearing panties. What a delicious surprise!

"I couldn't resist. You know how I love to be fucked by you, anywhere, anytime."

You surprised me alright. I almost wrecked the car! Now all I can concentrate on is how much I want you. The word 'fuck' fits so well in your mouth and carries beautifully on your voice. It always makes me jump.

Your cock jerks from my sultry tone and hearing that raw word flow so easily from my lips. I watch you adjust position in your seat which tells me I'm having the desired effect I was hoping for. I spread my lips and take your hand, pushing your fingers into my waiting pussy. To your surprise as I draw it back out, dripping with my cream, I guide it to my mouth - not yours - and tenderly fuck your fingers, one-by-one, my tongue relaxed and soft.

This is unbearable...opening your pussy and putting my hand inside as you know I want to do. God, if only I could watch this. If only I could see your pussy....I'm going mad. My cock is going to break if I don't move. Oh good, you're going to give me a taste of your cunt. Boy do I need that....Oooh christ you're a sexy woman--tasting yourself - sucking my fingers - fucking your mouth. You've got me dripping. If we don't stop I may come – now. Oh, Darling Love, please let me have a taste of your cunt...my taste buds ache for the flavor of you.

As I slowly pull your middle finger out from the warmth of my mouth, I ask with an inviting smile, "Don't you want to feel your cock in here? My mouth is craving to suck that throbbing cock of yours." With our fingers still entwined you guide my hand to your mouth and wrap your tongue around each finger, drawing them into your mouth – with firm, slow sucks.

God I will come. Do you realize how wet I am - how close to coming you have me? Looking at your beautiful teasing face I can almost feel my cock sliding into you. I have the need to lie deep inside you - looking at you, into your eyes and fill you with come. Damn, how easily you do this to me!

Not waiting for an answer I pull out your cock from your pants, releasing it in all its glory. My god, it is such a temptation to see it like that – so hard with a glistening drip of precum instantly sliding out from the hole. Loosening my seat belt just a little, I lean over and push the tip of my tongue into your hole. I love trying to fuck you in anyway I can. With a long, cat-like lick I lubricate my hand and place it just below the head. My thumb draws small circles at the top of the crease while my mouth lovingly slides over the mushroom tip – greedily missing not a dip or curve. With neither of us coming this morning you are on the edge, barely hanging on - so ripe and ready for the fruits of this sweet torture.

 "Shimmersweets, I'm going to come." You have a black belt in teasing cock! Your hands feel so good - I'm so hard, so wet. What, you're going to suck me? God, I won't last long. Do you want...? Warning, "Shimmersweets, I'm going to come!" Oh you wonderful Love, your mouth feels so divine...I am going to come...should I.., should we...Oh!

My mouth slides down the base of your shaft, the pulsing head pushing against the back of my throat. I want you to come and know how to bring you there so easily. Sliding my thumb to that smooth place under your balls, I apply just enough pressure - back and forth - they grow hard and tight, telling me you are almost there. As I pull my mouth from your cock for a second, I whisper, "Come for me, shoot your seed down my throat, fuck me...." I fill my mouth with your cock only a few more times before I feel that familiar hot stream flood into my mouth.

I'm so close. I need to touch you, I need the smell of your pussy, I need to taste it.... "Oh." I reach for your cunt barely able to touch your lips from this position; urgently reaching, stretching my fingertips just barely into your pussy...my come inevitable. I have to hold still...Darling...Lover. Instead I moan, "Oh fuck...fuck, I'm coming. Sweets...so good...your cunt...fuck your cuntmouth...sweet...Shim...." 

As my come begins to squirt into your mouth, I place my fingers to my nose and inhale with what little breath you've left me and suck you from my fingers as my cock empties into your mouth and my soul empties into yours. "Oh...fuuuuuck...beautiful...so beautiful...Shimmer...oooh...." A light now I can stroke your hair even as my cock jerks in your mouth and my hips continue to twitch slightly. "No trucks Darling Shims, but don't get up till we have some space."

How sweet that you are worried we might be seen – I dare hope this concern doesn't stifle my exhibitionism plans for us this afternoon. As I consider the possibilities my tongue contently resigns to long, slow licks, and I promise myself to keep you hard all day. What a state you will be in when we finally get home tonight – I can't wait to exhaust your body into blissful sleep.