 "I did not have sexual relations with that woman." --President Bill Clinton

The cool fall air was unseasonable for early September. The leaves had already started to turn, and the smoky wood of fall was evoking thoughts of apples and hearths as Jenny Carter walked down the main drag of Westville. It was still early, the town still waking up, but the day didn't seem like it would be getting much warmer. Jenny pulled her thin hoodie against her as she made her way to the front door of the apartment she shared with Paul, her boyfriend of 2 years. 

"Honey, I'm home," she called out. 

"Did you get on the list?" Paul said jumping out of the bathroom, his toothbrush still dangling from his mouth, a towel wrapped around his waist.

Jenny laughed at his exuberance. "Of course!"

"Oh my god, thank you," he said wrapping her in his arms. "Why didn't you wake me up? I was so freaked out when I saw what time it was."

"Serves you right. I tried waking you up, but you wouldn't budge so I decided I had to take matters into my own hands."

Paul gently ran his hands through her long auburn hair pulling her head back and kissing her neck just the way she liked.

"Mmmmmm," she moaned.

"I know something else you could take into your hands," he said in a gravelly voice, his hand moving down to cup one of her large 32F breasts.

"Easy there cowboy," she said, extracting herself, "if we're going to make it to the rally in time you might want to start putting some clothes on."

Paul sighed. "Fine. I'll be ready in ten minutes." He looked at his girlfriend and laughed, "you might want to change that shirt," he said re-entering the bathroom.

Jenny walked into their bedroom, and turning to the mirror, she saw what he'd meant. Paul's damp body had left a wet imprint on her tank top. Jenny quickly removed it and threw on a tight white t-shirt with the slogan 'Vote for DeMarco' printed in bright blue on the front. The shirt was a gift from Paul a few weeks earlier when he'd made up his mind that he wanted to sign up as an intern for the Congressman's campaign. It was a little too tight, offering more than a healthy outline of her breasts and coming down just above her midriff, but Jenny didn't mind, and she knew no one else would either. At least none of the male interns. 

Jenny wasn't very politically minded but Paul was, and despite her lack of enthusiasm he had given her a few lengthy speeches about her civic duty. She wanted to make him happy, so this morning she'd signed herself up for a position in the campaign as well.

Looking at herself in the mirror she was pleased. Walking into a campaign as an intern was probably going to be a lot like the first day of college, and she wanted to look her best. Jenny and Paul had graduated only a couple months earlier from Westville U. and she remembered that first day of her freshman year like it was only yesterday. 

She'd known Paul since her sophomore year, but they hadn't started dating until a year later. She'd always suspected he had a crush on her (most of the guys at school did) and when she'd caught her, football playing, beer guzzling, creep of a boyfriend fucking the head cheerleader, the cliché of it had almost been as bad as the betrayal. Paul had comforted her as a friend and then she'd found herself comforting him as more than a friend, with her lips and hands and tongue and -- 

"Almost ready!" Paul said, running into the bedroom still in his towel.

"You better move it or Nick DeMarco might give our spots away."

Paul looked over at his hot girlfriend. Her pouty, full lips, big blue eyes, long auburn hair. Sometimes he still had to pinch himself that she was his. Aside from the sheer perfection of her face, she had the most glorious body he'd ever seen. He'd been with a few girls before her, but all of them paled in comparison to his 21 year old girlfriend's perfect legs, flat stomach, tight, heart-shaped ass and, certainly, without a doubt, none of them could hold a candle to her massive, gravity-defying breasts. The first time Paul had seen them he wasn't sure whether he should touch them or cast them in marble to share with the world.

"He's not going to give away YOUR spot. Not with you looking like that," Paul said throwing on a pair of corduroys and a button down shirt. "Too much?"

Jenny looked at him. "Nope, maybe you should be running for Congress."

"Gimme a couple of years then it's straight to the white house," he answered, grinning from ear to ear.

The rally was being held in the town square. A big bandstand had been set up. Congressman DeMarco's interns were in charge of the grunt work, and when Jenny and Paul arrived there were already a few guys setting up chairs. Paul, feeling like he was late, ran over to help them, as Jenny took in the surroundings. 

The day was going to be beautiful, a crisp breeze blowing through the trees of the town square. Just as she was about to walk over and help Paul setting up chairs, a caravan of black Escalades pulled up just to the side of the bandstand. A large team of campaign managers, chief's of staff, assistants and assistants to the assistants stepped out, all of them seemingly barking orders to no one and everyone at the same time.

And then stepped out Congressman Nick DeMarco. He was younger than she'd imagined him. Although Jenny had been obliged to watch every television appearance he'd made in the last few months because of Paul, he'd always looked older on TV. But seeing him in person she was struck by how young he looked. And also how tall he was. 

Congressman DeMarco had an easy way about him as he joked and chatted with the members of his staff. As if he didn't have a care in the world, although at that moment he had more than a few things on his mind. Poll numbers, district turnouts, minority turnouts and the exhaustion that can only be experienced from running a campaign. He turned to one of his assistants and asked for a coffee, and then he made his way into the seating area and began shaking hands with all of the interns who had turned out to help him on that beautiful September day.

Paul ran up to Jenny who was lackadaisically arranging the programs for the day's events on a big wooden table. 

"Did you see him?" 

"Of course I did babe, he's kinda hard to miss." Jenny said looking over at the Congressman who had started walking towards them.

"He's coming over here. Oh my god. How's my hair?"

Jenny laughed, "You look great. Just be yourself, he's gonna love you."

Paul kissed her cheek just as Nick DeMarco arrived in front of them.

As Nick shook the young male intern's hand, thanking him for helping out, his eyes kept flitting over to the girl standing next to him. It was involuntary, but he couldn't help himself. She was exquisite. Her auburn hair glowing in the sunlight a radiant smile, and his name stretched wonderfully across the two largest and most fantastic breasts he had seen in all his time in politics. 

"And what's your name?" he asked, as Jenny looked up at the tall Congressman.

"This is my girlfriend Jenny, uh, Jennifer - Jenny," Paul said putting his hand around her shoulders. "She's going to help with the campaign too."

"Well Jenny, and Paul, I'd like to thank you for coming out today. I'm Nick DeMarco," The Congressman said.

Jenny looked up into the steely gray eyes of the Congressman. He had to have been at least six foot three or four as he towered over her and Paul. There was a small patch of distinguished gray on his temples, but other than that he looked like he was no more than his mid thirties. His face was chiseled and tan and when he smiled his eyes lit up like bonfires.

"So," Nick said speaking to Jenny, "will you both be joining the campaign?"

"Yes. Yes definitely," Paul replied, his eagerness almost spilling over.

"Good, good. If you need anything just let me know," Nick said, reaching for Jenny's hand and shaking it gently. "I look forward to getting to know you better in the next few months."

"Us too," Jenny replied, blushing a little as the congressman smiled and walked off.

"That was AMAZING!" whispered Paul, "I can't believe he singled us out! I've got to get to work. This is going to be the best campaign ever, huh babe?"

"Yeah," replied Jenny. "It's gonna be great sweetie," she said biting her bottom lip and twirling a strand of her hair as she watched the Congressman look back at her and smile. She smiled back. Paul was already folding programs, but Jenny's mind was elsewhere. Her thoughts were innocent, but they lingered on Nick DeMarco as he walked off. Then she turned to the programs and got back to work.

The day proceeded normally, with Jenny and Paul escorting the campaign supporters to their seats and then taking their own seats as the festivities began. The high school band played and the mayor of Westville gave a short speech, and then came the main event. As Nick DeMarco took the stage, the crowd, which was at least a thousand people, roared their approval. His tall, striking figure looked out over the captivated audience as he began to speak. 

"There's something to be said for you all coming down to spend such a beautiful day with me. I'm not sure what that something is, but I'll talk to my speechwriters and I'll get back to you." The crowd laughed. "No seriously, I'd like to thank you all for coming, the next few months are the most important part of this campaign and there's absolutely no way I could win without your help. I am forever in your debt."

Watching from the front row, next to her jubilant boyfriend, Jenny watched the Congressman deliver a speech that even got her excited to be working on the campaign. His charisma was electric and she found that she couldn't take her eyes off him. Even when Paul turned to her to say how excited he was. And as The Congressman finished the speech Jenny watched him wave to the crowd. Everyone was yelling and on their feet, but just before he exited the stage he looked down directly at her and smirked. An arrogant, sexy smirk. Then he turned back to the crowd and smiled and waved, and again Jenny found herself blushing as Congressman Nick DeMarco walked off the stage and into the caravan of Escalades.

After helping to disassemble the rally, picking up the programs and stacking the chairs, Paul and Jenny made their way towards the campaign headquarters, which was a short walk from the town square.

"That was awesome, I mean he's such a great orator, he can just work a crowd so well. And did you know that he's only thirty three?" Paul said, practically skipping down the street, "I mean, to have accomplished so much in such a short amount of time. It's awesome. He's awesome!"

"Geez baby, should I be worried," Jenny giggled, "It kinda sounds like you have a crush on him."

"Don't worry Jen," he said grabbing her hand, "I only have eyes for you. But if the Congressman asked to...yeah...I'd probably --"

Jenny playfully swatted at him. 

The campaign headquarters were set up inside one of the empty shops on the town square, and when they arrived the scene was already a hubbub of activity. Interns running back and forth, a group of campaign advisors were huddled around a large board with a map of the district broken up into colors. In the back was a room with glass windows and a large desk with a big leather chair. Jenny assumed that was Congressman DeMarco's office. 

As soon as they arrived Jenny and Paul were tasked with cold calling prospective voters to make sure they came out for Election Day. A script of what to say was handed to them by the head intern, a gawky boy named Steve who seemed to be almost as enthusiastic about the campaign as Paul.

Jenny did her best with the cold calling, but after a few hours of that she was close to losing her mind. She looked over at Paul and he seemed to be just as excited as ever. Just then the front door opened wide and a group of people entered with Congressman DeMarco in tow still looking resplendent in a tailored grey suit and blue tie. He was on the phone, but gave a quick hello to a few interns. As he passed Jenny's desk he reached out and gave her shoulder a quick squeeze, smiling at her. Then he walked into his office and shut the blinds.

******************

A few weeks passed and Jenny and Paul had become intricate parts of the DeMarco machine. They arrived each morning to get coffee for the people involved in the campaign and then sat down for some cold calling and grunt work. Jenny was actually starting to enjoy herself. There was a pleasant air about the headquarters, and with the Congressman at the helm everyone seemed to feel that the ship was headed in the right direction. 

"Yes, yes ma'am the primary is next Tuesday," Jenny said as clearly as she could into the phone, as the older woman on the other end seemed to be somewhat hard of hearing. Paul was, as usual, sitting next to her working diligently. 

Suddenly, Jenny looked up and saw that the Congressman was standing next to her with a curious look on his face. She was about to ask if she could do anything for him when he smiled at her. His bright, charming smile always seemed to send her heart racing. It was impossible not get swept up in Nick DeMarco's charm and she consistently found herself falling for it. Nick walked around and stood behind her. Jenny was still on the phone with the older woman listening to her ramble on, when she felt the Congressman's hands on her shoulders. She was used to the touchy-feely way the Congressman interacted with his staff. And if she was being perfectly honest she always enjoyed it. It was a little strange at first, but despite that, he always seemed to know exactly where she was tense. "Gotta stay loose," he was always saying. It didn't hurt how good-looking he was either. Although she never would have said anything to Paul.

The Congressman's strong hands kneaded her shoulders as she let out a sigh. Sitting at the desk all day had done a number on her back. 

"Paul," the congressman said to her boyfriend who quickly jumped to attention. "I need you to take care of something for me. Meet me in my office in five minutes?"

"Sure Congressman."

"Great." He gave Jenny's shoulders one final squeeze and walked back into his office.

Jenny turned to her boyfriend. "What do you think that's about?" 

"I have no idea," Paul said. "Do you think he's firing me?"

"You can't fire someone who's working for free," Jenny replied.

Paul hesitantly stood up and made his way to the back office.

Five minutes later he came bounding out. "You'll never believe what just happened!" Paul said, almost leaping with excitement. "The congressman just asked me to drive to Springtown."

"Springtown? Why?" Jenny asked.

"He wants me to be in charge of the volunteers in that part of the district. Me! I'm going to be in charge!"

"That's great babe! But isn't Springtown --"

"Yeah the campaign is gonna put me in a hotel, but I'll only probably stay there for a week or so."

"A week?!" Jenny said louder than she'd meant to.

"Yeah! A week! With me in charge!" Paul had stopped listening as he started gathering his things. "I'm gonna run home and grab some stuff. If this goes well, maybe he'll give me a spot on the campaign before the general election! I'll call you when I get in. I love you!"

"I...love you too," Jenny said as her boyfriend bounded out the door, leaving her alone.

The day wore on with the typical monotony of cold calls and paperwork, and towards 5 o'clock Jenny was just about to head home when her phone rang.

"Hello?"

"Hi Jenny." The Congressman's baritone was unmistakable. "I know you're probably getting ready to leave, but can I ask you for a favor?"

"Uh...sure," she said.

"How's your typing?"

"My typing?"

"Yeah, I need to dictate a few emails and my secretary has already left. Any chance you'd be willing to stick around for a bit?"

"Uh, sure congressman."

"Thanks. And call me Nick. Please. Meet me in my office in twenty minutes and we'll bang this out in no time." He hung up the phone.

Jenny took a couple more calls and then made her way to the Congressman's door. She knocked.

"Come on in," he called out.

He was sitting behind his desk with his jacket off and his tie loosened. As she walked in he was talking on the phone. Jenny sat down in one of the seats across from him.

"Yeah, yeah Stu, but I can't worry about that. That's what I pay you guys to worry about...yeah...sure...I'll talk to you tomorrow."

He hung up and turned his attention to Jenny. "Sorry about that. So..."

"So," Jenny said crossing her legs, "should I sit at the computer?"

"Um..."

"To take dictation?"

"Right!" the congressman said, "yeah, right. Please, have a seat."

Jenny stood up and moved around the desk, as the congressman stood to allow her access to his chair. She sat in front of the computer. The chair was cushiony leather, the supple material forming to her sore back. She let out a sigh. 

Turning slightly she looked up at the congressman who towered over her. He was standing next to the chair his hand resting on the back and Jenny couldn't help but notice the proximity of his body to her. A specific area of his body in particular. She put the thought from her head and held her fingers over the keyboard.

"Ready," she said.

"Huh? Oh. Right... Uh...Dear Mrs. Andrews, I'm just writing to thank you for your generous donation...

********************

The clock on his bedside table read 3am. Nick DeMarco rolled over and kicked the sheets off desperately trying to fall asleep, but it wouldn't come. He couldn't stop picturing her. The things he wanted to do to her. 

That day of the rally he'd noticed Jenny almost as soon as he'd exited the caravan. Her long wavy auburn hair blowing in the breeze. She looked like something out a catalog. Somewhere between a fashion ad and a pinup girl. As he walked towards her she turned and looked at him, her deep blue eyes, almost cartoonish they were so beautiful, and then there was her body. The most fuckable body he'd ever seen. Cute pixie-like waist, a perfect, tight little ass and the most fantastic set of tits he'd ever seen. As he walked up he saw that stretched across her big, mouthwatering breasts was his name, as if he'd branded her as his own. 'Vote for DeMarco.' 

She was a hell of an ad campaign. If he'd seen this little fuck doll with 'Vote for Satan' on her shirt, he would have considered it.

At the office over the following weeks he'd desperately tried to control his urge to bend her over one of the desks in the middle of the office and just plow into her. It was practically impossible. On the few occasions where he'd allowed himself to indulge just a little, by touching her arm or rubbing her shoulders, he'd almost been so overwhelmed with desire that he had to stop himself, walk back into his office and, on more than a couple occasions, lock his door and jerk himself off. 

Nick was tired of fantasizing about her. He was a Congressman after all. A lawmaker in the greatest country in the world. He should be able to deal with this situation. He was going to deal with it.

He jumped out of bed and into the shower. Apparently today he'd be having an early start. No sleep was becoming a regular occurrence, but no matter. He was going to take care of Jenny Carter one way or another. The situation was untenable.

Arriving at the office at 4:30 am, Nick made some coffee, and then took care of some work he had to do, while he waited for everyone else to arrive. 

A couple hours later people started drifting in. And then through his office window he saw her open the front door. As if to mock his temptation, today she was wearing a tight pair of jeans and a low cut red sweater that formed to her body like it was painted on. Nick took a deep breath.
