 My name's Tara Winslow, I'm 19 years old and fresh out of high school. Let me begin my story by telling you what I look like, a mental picture always helps things along. I'm 5'5, 132 lbs, bright blonde hair and emerald green eyes. And the rest of me? I know you are wondering. Well ...... I have a small waist, small ass and size 40C tits. My ex boyfriend used to call me a barbie doll, somehow he thought that would increase his chances of being laid.

Anyway, on with the story ........

Last year, 3 weeks after my 18th birthday, I met Max. He was considerably older. Max and I met while I was working as a cashier at the local hardware store. He would come in about once a week and purchase something for his house in the country he was re-modeling. Nails one week, plumbing items the next. Eventually we forged a friendship even though there was a good 40 years between us, but Max never showed his age. I remember being stunned when I learned he was 58 years old, he didn't look a day over 45, good genes, I suppose. 

Well, one night I was working, covering for my friend, Michelle, who had called in sick, when out of nowhere, in walked Max. He always had a smile and a compliment ready for me as soon as that electric door slid open and allowed him to come in. 

"You're looking beautiful, as always, Tara," he said, placing his items on the counter.

"Awww, well thank you, Max," I answered as I checked out his items.

There was something different about Max that night, something that I couldn't quite place my finger on. 

"Are you alright, Max?" I asked, "You seem a bit distracted tonight."

"What? Oh, don't mind me, I always get this way on this day every year," he answered, pulling out his wallet.

"Why this time of year?" I asked, I must have sounded very nosey at that point.

"My wife passed away 20 years ago today," he answered.

"I'm sorry, Max," I apologized, feeling like a shit right about now.

"Don't apologize, honey," he said, "It's been 20 years, it's about time to stop feeling sorry for myself."

I still felt horrible. I expected him to say something like he wasn't feeling well or he was just having an off day. So I decided to make him an offer he couldn't refuse.

"Max?" I asked, closing my cash drawer.

"Yeah, honey?"

"I get off work in about 10 minutes, would you like to join me for some coffee?"

He thought about it for what seemed to be ages and finally agreed. He told me he'd wait for me out in the parking lot until I got off work. So I smiled and watched him leave the store. 

Well 10 minutes later, true to my word, I emerged from the store and began scanning the parking lot, never having seen his car, this proved to be quite the search. Suddenly, I heard a horn honk from the back of the dimly lit parking lot. I turned to see Max sitting in a maroon cadillac, very fitting, I thought.

"I wasn't sure if you knew what kind of car I had," he said, as I got in. 

"Well now I do," I answered, climbing in and shutting the door. 

I felt a bit weird when I got in because his seats were vinyl and made my skirt rise a bit on my hips. I saw him staring when I looked over to click my seat belt. I couldn't help but smile as we drove off in the direction of the coffee house.

As he drove, we chatted about the people I work with and the job he held as an electrician, before he retired. He was not shy, which I liked. 

About 10 miles from the coffee house, Max pulled over into an orange grove and turned off the car. 

"Something wrong?" I asked.

Again, Max was quiet for what seemed to be ages. 

"I have to tell you something, Tara," he said, clutching the steering wheel with a death grip.

"Yes?"

"It's more like a confession," he said, turning to look at me.

"Go ahead, Max," I said, almost in a whisper.

"While I was in the parking lot, waiting for you, I started getting urges, now I know that's probably wrong, but you are a very attractive girl. I was watching you walk around the store in that small skirt they make you wear and I couldn't help but stroke my cock," he said, staring me right in the eye.

I didn't know what to say at first. But the more I thought about it, the more I liked it. I started getting tingling sensations in my stomach and pussy. Felt almost like little electric butterflies.

"Max, you don't have to be ashamed about that," I said, reaching over to place my hand on his leg, "But I'm glad you told me."

I don't know what possessed me, but I leaned in and kissed his cheek, which made him smile rather wide. He then turned to me and kissed my lips, sending more little electric butterflies thru my body. 

He pulled away suddenly, making me think I was doing something wrong. I quickly turned my head and looked out the window, feeling my face burning with embarrassment. 

"Tara, look at me," he whispered, placing his hand under my chin and turning my face back towards him. 

"Is this making you uncomfortable?" he asked.

"No, not at all, I thought I had done something wrong," I whispered.

He said nothing, he just leaned in and kissed me again, this time placing HIS hand on MY leg. I was feeling things I had never felt before, which caused me to moan into his mouth as we kissed. 

I moaned even louder when I felt his strong, rough hand move up and cup my right tit. He began massaging my young teen nipples, instantly making them hard. So, I just did what came natural to me, what I thought I should do at that moment. I reached down and began massaging his cock thru his dress slacks, which he seemed to enjoy as well. 

It never occured to me that I was making out with a man old enough to be my father, or maybe even my grandfather. I really didn't care at that point. My panties were beginning to get wet and his cock had certainly began to rise to the occasion. 

He slid his hand up under my shirt and began rubbing my teen tit thru my bra, finally just sliding his fingertips inside my bra, rubbing and pinching my sensitive nipple. I couldn't take much more of this. My nipples had always been very sensitive and that's how Jason, my ex boyfriend used to make me cum when I was on my period and unable to have actual sex.

He suddenly broke the kiss and whispered, "Tara, take off your shirt and let me see those hot teen tits I've fantasized so much about."

Well, the windows were pretty much fogged up and it was almost 11 pm, so what was the harm?

I quickly removed my jacket and began unbuttoning my work uniform shirt. Max sat there and watched me like a hawk as one by one the buttons released and my lacey peach colored bra was revealed. 

"Oh God," he whispered, licking his lips. 

I smiled and continued undressing, reaching behind me and quickly unsnapping my bra, letting my heavy teen tits fall free. His eyes widened and i could hear his breathing begin to accelerate. 

I sat there topless in this old man's car, feeling sexier then I had ever felt in my whole life. He continued staring for a few more minutes, then leaned in and latched his mouth onto my right nipple, sinking his sharp teeth into the tip. 

I groaned out and threw my head back, feeling the electric butterflies suddenly increasing inside my body. I felt so sexy and so slutty having this old man suck my hot teen tits. Jason had never made me feel like this. 

Max must have sensed my desire because he wasted no time sliding his rough hand up under my uniform skirt, quickly moving the panties to the side and inserting 2 fingers into my now drenched cunt. 

Oh God, he was not like any other 58 year old man I had ever met. He was like a teenager trapped inside a senior citizen's body. He kept sucking and fingering me, as I fought off the urge to cum right then and there. Instinctively, I spread my legs open, allowing him total access to my teenage cunt. The minute I spread my legs, the smell of my desire filled the car.

Max started fingering me deeper, grunting into my nipple. I could feel the tips of his fingers bottom out each time he plunged them inside me. Then he began to alternate between tits, back and forth, right one, left one until I was bucking my hips, moaning like a whore. I had never heard these sounds come from me. I never wanted him to stop. I was his teenage whore and I wanted to always be just that to him.

I brought up my foot and began rubbing his cock, which was now as hard as steel, and pretty big from what I could tell.

He moaned louder, gently bucking his hips as if he was fucking my foot. I couldn't hold out much longer, the shockwaves were rocking my body like a tidal wave coming faster and harder with each thrust of his thick fingers.

"Ohhhhh, ohhhhhhh," I moaned out, rubbing my foot harder on top of his dick, "Ohhhhhh, God, Max, mmmmmmmmm God, I'm gonna cum!!!"

He lifted his mouth from my nipple, "Cum Tara, cum for me baby," he whispered.

That was it. I let go. I came so fucking hard I got dizzy and was literally seeing stars, but Max still continued finger banging me. 

"Ohhhh, God, Max, oh god, your fingers feel so fucking good inside me," I moaned into the dark car. 

He finally slowed down and his suction on my nipples began to free up a bit. Then, his fingers were out of me and his mouth was gone. I suddenly felt so empty. My pussy felt so hollow now and my tits were throbbing from his animalistic like suction on them both.

Just then, as I reached down to pick up my blouse, I looked over and saw Max raising his hips and unzipping his dress slacks. 

"I want you to suck my cock, Tara, please, my granddaughter used to do it but she doesn't come over much anymore," he whispered, pulling his pants down to his knees and slowly stroking the largest cock I had ever seen. 

I almost couldn't focus my eyes, they became blurred with passion.

"Please, Tara," he repeated.

Words escaped me and before I knew it, I was bent over the front seat and I had Max's thick cock just inside my crimson wet lips. I felt his hand take its place on the back of my head and slowly begin moving it up and down. I could feel his hips bucking and his moans were like a haunting wind. 

"Ohhhh, shit," he moaned, "Fuck, I love feeling a young girl's lips on my cock."

Again, the electric butterflies returned and I began sucking his cock like a woman possessed. I had only sucked Jason's cock a few times but it never lasted long and he was always such an asshole about it. But Max wasn't. He genuinely wanted my mouth on his cock, he wanted to feel the suction that only my mouth could create ...... almost like he craved it.

I felt his fingers lace thru my hair and his hips continued bucking. I brought my hand up and began jacking his cock around the base as my mouth worked the engorged purple cock tip. 

"Mmmm, fuck, Tara, oh God, make me cum babygirl, make me flood your throat," he moaned in between grunts.

His words sent me over the edge and I began sucking like I never knew I could. I began jacking his cock in my hand faster and faster, wrapping my palm around the engorged shaft tightly. 

"OHHHHHHH MMMMMM, OH GOD, THAT'S IT, MMMMMM I'M CUMMING TARA!!!!!!!!!," he screamed, filling my teen throat with his salty, thick, creamy cum.

I felt the car bounce beneath us as his grip almost paralyzed my scalp. Then, just like that, he released my hair and all was silent. I remained on my knees, savoring the taste of Max's cum as it coated my throat. He gently rubbed my head and repeated over and over, "You're such a good girl, Tara."

Finally, I took my place back in the passenger seat, watching Max's hips rise again, this time to pull his dress slacks up. 

We never did get coffee that night, but what I DID get ........ you can't buy anywhere. 

Max died just last month, unfortunately we never did repeat the magic we created in that orange grove that night. But I will forever remember the sensation of the electric butterflies.