 "If I don't have a woman every three days or so I get a terrible headache." President John F. Kennedy

Traffic was terrible. Paul had been stuck in bumper to bumper hell for over an hour, and it wasn't looking like it was going to break anytime soon. He sighed to himself running his hand through his brown hair. I need a haircut, he thought looking in the rearview mirror. He'd spent the last few weeks in charge of Congressman Nick DeMarco's group of volunteers and interns in Springtown. Living off room service and soda. It had been fantastic, and having a position, any position, in the Congressman's circle was a dream. But he'd worked himself to the bone and he was ready to be going home.

The radio was playing a keening pop star he hated, and he reached for the dial changing it to something calmer. Finally the cars in front of him started to move. He grabbed his phone and dialed. It rang once and went straight to voicemail. Again.

"Hi! This is Jenny. Leave a message."

Paul waited for the beep. "Hi baby, I'm still stuck in traffic, so I don't know what time I'm gonna get back. I think you'll probably be at the campaign headquarters so I'll just head there." Paul took a moment and then said, "I miss you. Haven't talked in awhile. Can't wait to see you."

He sighed to himself again. He knew that Jenny, his girlfriend of two years, was alright, but she'd seemed distant the past couple weeks. She was probably just busy, he thought. After all she was the personal assistant to the Congressman, and that was no small task. She was probably running all over the place doing all kinds of things for Nick DeMarco. Paul smiled as he envisioned their life in Washington as a power couple. Both of them intricate parts of the DeMarco machine.

Although there was something going on with her, Paul decided it wasn't a good idea to worry about it. After all he was going home, and that would set everything straight. She probably just missed him. And he missed her too. He missed her a lot. He couldn't wait to see her, and kiss her and maybe they'd go out to dinner and then he'd take her home and...oh god, Paul was so excited to see his girlfriend. 

Finally the traffic started moving and he made his way towards Westville.

A couple hours later he pulled up in front of the campaign headquarters of Congressman Nick DeMarco, nicely situated right on the Westville town square. The large oak trees had shed their leaves as the end of fall was making way for winter. Paul parked his car and got out, stretching his legs and taking a deep breath of the cool autumn air. He checked out his reflection in the passenger window and, after fixing a few wisps of hair, he made his way towards the glass door bedazzled with large signs of 'Vote for DeMarco!'

The door opened with a friendly jingle and Paul was instantly greeted with a chorus of voices saying hi and welcoming him back. His friend Steve, tall and impossibly thin, ran up to him with a big smile on his face.

"There he is!" Steve yelled out. "The prodigal son returns!" Steve clapped Paul on the back. "So, how was it? The polling numbers in Springtown are looking good, man."

"Yeah," Paul answered, smiling tiredly at the exuberance of his friend. "It was good. Fun."

"Awesome, awesome. Well we've been crazy busy here getting ready for the primary."

"Yeah...yeah."

"You ok man? You look -"

"No," Paul said smiling, "I'm fine."

"Good 'cause I was gonna say, that picture is stupid. Just a paparazzi thing."

Paul looked up at Steve's awkward smile. "What picture?"

"I mean, obviously everybody here laughed at it, but the tabloids are always looking for an angle."

"What picture?" Paul repeated.

Steve looked over at a desk nearby and grabbed the Westville Daily. He turned through a couple pages and handed it to Paul. "I thought you'd seen it," Steve said laughing. "Like I said, it's a stupid tabloid thing man."

Paul looked at the picture and saw the Congressman looking dashing in a tuxedo. Next to him was a beautiful brunette. At first Paul didn't even recognize his girlfriend. She looked incredible. She looked like a movie star. She was wearing a deep red dress which showed off her body in all the right places. Her long shapely legs and piercing blue eyes. And her magnificent 32F breasts on full display looking as if they might topple out the front. Paul would've been turned on if it wasn't for the tagline. 

'DeMarco's new lady?'

He skimmed through the article, which speculated that his girlfriend of two years was dating his boss. Paul smiled looking back at Steve. "That's amazing," he said laughing. 

"You should see how hard I laughed when I saw that," Steve chuckled.

"Have you seen her?" 

"Jenny? Yeah, she went in the Congressman's office awhile back...to make out."

Paul hit Steve with the newspaper and left him laughing as he made his way to the shuttered office of Nick DeMarco. He knocked twice.

After a moment he knocked again, a little louder and heard Nick DeMarco's deep voice, "Come in!" 

Paul opened the door to find the Congressman sitting behind his desk beaming at him.

"Paul! Welcome back! Have a seat."

Paul sat opposite the congressman. And even though he was a major part of the campaign, and had just spent the past few weeks in charge of a whole group of volunteers, Paul still felt like a child next to Nick DeMarco. He was just so charming and tall and magnetic, everyone around him was instantly drawn in. 

"Thanks Congressman."

"Come on man. Call me Nick. So how was your time in...?"

"Springtown. It was great," replied Paul. "I managed to recruit almost twenty volunteers and every day I would distribute them into groups for cold calling and house calls and mailings. They were really great and Steve just told me the polls in Springfield are looking good."

"Uh huh. Good. Yeah. That's really, really good. Keep going."

Paul was beaming at the Congressman's exuberance at his work. "And we managed to paper the district so the whole town basically reads 'Vote for DeMarco.' I mean there isn't a single street sign that doesn't have some poster or flier on it. Really Congressman, the whole town is like one giant banner for your campaign."

"Yeah, yeah, that's awesome, just awesome Paul."

"Thanks sir. I'm looking forward to getting back to work here."

"Of course you are! That's what I like about you," Nick DeMarco said smiling broadly. "I give you a job and you just won't stop until it's finished. You just...you're not satisfied until the job is done, and done the way it needs to be done. All of it," the Congressman said as Paul beamed. "All of it. That's right." He paused for a moment looking at Paul intently. His eyes with their characteristic steely intensity. "That's just fucking great Paul. Really great. Really-" the Congressman coughed. "Hey Paul," he coughed again, "would you mind grabbing me some water?"

"Sure thing Congressman!" Paul said jumping up and out of the office, closing the door behind him as he ran to the water cooler. He grabbed a plastic cup as Steve ran over.

"What'd he say?" Steve beckoned.

"Nothing," Paul smirked, "Just that...I did a great job and, oh yeah, that's right, and I quote, 'He gives me a job and I'm not satisfied until its done the way it needs to be done!'"

"Oh my god. That's amazing!" Steve replied. "Keep this up dude and you'll be his chief of staff in no time!"

Paul laughed, "Easy man, let's not get ahead of ourselves," he said, although he'd been daydreaming the same thing.

Steve punched him in the arm. "Please don't fire me sir, I know I can do a better job!"

Paul played along putting on a deeper DeMarco-esque voice. "Well this is your last chance Steve, get those numbers where I want them."

Steve laughed, "You're totally in man!"

"I know! I gotta get him some water."

"You're totally in!"

"I know!"

Paul quickly grabbed the cup of water and ran back to the Congressman's office. He knocked once. No answer so he knocked a little harder. On the third try he heard the Congressman cough again and tell him to enter. Paul walked into the Congressman's office and handed him the water. The Congressman, red faced from coughing, drank it all in one gulp and sighed. 

"That was just what I needed. Thanks Paul. Keep up the good work."

"Thanks again sir," he replied, still beaming as he exited the office and walked to his desk next to Steve.

"I'm so jealous," Steve grinned.

"I know," Paul grinned. He pulled out his phone again and tried calling Jenny. Voicemail again. "Hey babe. I'm back in the office. I'm sure I'll see you soon. I love you."

Paul couldn't stop smiling as he got back to work.

*****************

The past 24 hours had been crazy for Jenny. Since the fundraiser... well, more specifically, since Congressman Nick DeMarco had taken her into that empty ballroom and since she had stripped naked for him and let him touch her, and since she had sucked his huge dick and laid down on the floor and felt his big cock enter her again and again and until she'd had the biggest orgasm of her life and he'd cum on her face and breasts and in her mouth, since all that had happened, Jenny was like a different person. A woman possessed.

She couldn't get enough of him, and apparently he couldn't get enough of her either. After they'd cleaned up and left the ballroom, the Congressman had said a quick goodbye to a few people at the fundraiser, and then they had quickly made their way up to Nick's suite at the hotel. Before they'd even walked through the door Jenny had quickly removed her dress again, and Nick had stripped off his tuxedo, and the rest of the night was just a blur. A collage of memories of him kneeling between her legs and licking her hot wet pussy before she'd finally had too much stimulation and had to push him off. Kneeling on the carpeted floor as he sat on the edge of the bed watching her as she once again inhaled his massive cock, sucking with every ounce of her being, taking all ten inches of hard meat deep in her throat as the Congressman finally flipped her over and fucked her again and again. Tits, testicles, cock, hair, muscles, cum, more cum. All of it was a blur of pleasure.

And then when they'd finally fallen asleep, and after they'd woken up to do it again, and then finally fallen asleep for good, Jenny dreamt of him fucking her, and in the morning, waking up in his arms, she made her dream a reality.

Finally they'd driven back to Westville, but not before one last fuck in the limo. Jenny was dropped off at her and Paul's apartment so she could freshen up before heading to work. Her whole body was sore from the Congressman, but it was a delicious kind of soreness. A tremulous, quivering soreness reminding her with each step of Nick DeMarco. 

After a quick shower and a change of clothes Jenny walked to the campaign office. Walking through the door she looked around at the other staffers, none of them having any idea of the night she'd had with their boss. Jenny smiled to herself at the hidden knowledge and sat down at her desk wincing as her exhausted pussy touched the chair.

*************************

Nick DeMarco was entranced with his new conquest. Jenny was exquisite. And her skills in the bedroom were getting better each time they had sex. He couldn't stop thinking about her. As soon as she'd left the limo and he watched her sashay up the stairs to her apartment she was all he could think about. The way her eyes opened wide when he first entered her. Her pouty lips wrapped around the end of his cock, the way her huge breasts bounced when she rode him. 

She'd drained him in the last twelve hours, but he wanted more. He never wanted to stop.

Quickly taking a shower, changing his clothes and brushing his teeth, Congressman Nick Demarco left his apartment for the campaign headquarters. And Jenny.

As soon as he walked in he saw her, dutifully working at her desk. She looked incredible. She'd changed into a pair of jeans and a tight v-neck t-shirt which did nothing to hide the majesty of her massive tits. It took a huge amount of restraint not to walk over to her and reach down the front of that shirt to cup one of those big beauties. 

But he didn't. He did the same thing he did every other day. He walked straight back to his office, saying hello to a few staffers on the way, and closed the door. Not able to help himself, he made eye contact with Jenny and gave her a subtle wink. She smiled, blushing. God he loved that blush.

After waiting what he deemed to be an appropriate amount of time, he picked up his phone and waited to hear her dulcet tones.

"Hello?"

"Jenny," he said, his voice gravelly with lust. "I need you...I have a long, hard problem I need help fixing."

"Be right there Mr. Congressman."

A few seconds later she walked through his door. Her hair still a little damp from her shower, a smirk painted on her full mouth as she leaned against the door, closing it behind her. 

"You said something about a problem?"

"I did. And it needs immediate attention."

"Well," Jenny whispered walking towards him, her eyes mischievous as she kneeled between his legs. She reached into his zipper and extracted his already fully hard 10 inch cock, "anything... I can do to help." 

As Nick once again felt the velvet touch of Jenny's lips on the big head of his cock as she masterfully began to slather her tongue around and around, he leaned back in his chair and sighed at the perfection of his life. 

Then someone knocked.

Quickly the congressman helped Jenny shuffle under his desk as she continued her oral worship of his manhood. He wasn't about to let his job get in the way of a blowjob from this walking sex dream.

"Come in!"

Nick tried to keep his face calm as Jenny's hand slowly jerked him into her mouth, her head bobbing between his legs as he saw a familiar face open the door.

"Paul!" he said, feeling Jenny pause in her ministrations. He could only imagine the moral argument her brain had to be having at that moment. With her boss' big cock buried in her mouth while only a few feet away stood her boyfriend. Helping her in her decision, Nick placed a hand on her head and pulled her back onto his dick, her mouth opening a little less willingly once again. "Welcome back! Have a seat."

"Thanks Congressman," the boyfriend said taking a chair, which put him barely a foot away from his loving girlfriend while she slobbered away.

Nick smiled at how sick and twisted and hot this morning had turned out as Jenny, apparently making up her mind had started blowing him with even more fervor. "Come on man. Call me Nick. So how was your time in...?"

"Springtown. It was great..."

Nick smiled and nodded politely as Paul talked about something campaign related, but his mind was singularly focused on the gorgeous girl who'd just opened her throat and pushed the big head of his dick inside. He wondered if Paul could hear her gag. But the kid seemed to be totally absorbed in his own thing.

"- the polls in Springfield are looking good."

Jenny was very slowly, so as not to make too much noise, throating the head of his dick, her tongue occasionally flicking against the sensitive underside.

"Uh huh. Good," Nick said looking at Paul and feeling Paul's girlfriend reach up to cup his heavy, cum-filled balls. "Yeah. That's really, really good." Jenny had moved down to suck one of his nuts into her mouth. Nick could feel her saliva running down his shaft as she jerked him while sucking tenderly. "Keep going."

"And we managed to paper the district..."

Fuck she felt amazing. And the fact that she was cheating on her boyfriend while he sat across from them, no idea that while he was enthusiastically recalling his experience on the campaign, his girlfriend was worshiping his boss' balls as her hand failed to wrap all the way around his massive prick...well, that was just a thing of beauty.

"Yeah, yeah, that's awesome, just awesome Paul."

"Thanks sir. I'm looking forward to getting back to work here."

"Of course you are! That's what I like about you." 

Jenny had moved back to his cock, and discreetly glancing down at her he saw that she was staring up at him. He watched her, pretending to check his drawer for something, as she licked her lips, staring up at him with a naughty glint in her eye. Nick looked back at Paul as he felt Jenny open her mouth again for his dick. "I give you a job and you just won't stop until it's finished. You just -" Jenny's throat opened again and took the big head of his dick inside. Fuck, he'd never get tired of that feeling. "...you're not satisfied until the job is done," Oh fuck, she'd managed three quarters of it down her tight silky throat. Nick placed a hand on the back of her head. "...and done the way it needs to be done. All of it." And with that Nick pushed the sexy coed girlfriend all the way down to the root of his ten inch dick and held her there. "All of it. That's right," he said still looking at Paul with a friendly grin. He could feel Jenny's throat muscles tighten and constrict as he held her at the base of his dick. "That's just fucking great Paul. Really great. Really-" Nick coughed to cover the sound of Jenny's gagging. He could feel the viscous saliva drooling down over his, now soaking, balls. "Hey Paul," he coughed again, "would you mind grabbing me some water?"

"Sure thing congressman!" the unknowing kid said as he jumped up and out the door, shutting it behind him.

Nick released Jenny.

"AAaaaaaHHHhhhaaa," she gasped looking up at him with teary, mascara streaked eyes. Gasping for breath, she looked at him and slapped him playfully across the chest. "You almost killed me!"

"Yeah, but it was so hot," Nick smiled back at her.

Jenny, her throat sore, smiled back at him while she stroked his raging hard dick. "Don't do that again." And diving back down she started sucking Nick off with a fervor that could only be described as possessed.

"Oh FUCK, that's it girl. Hurry up. UNgh. Your boyfriend is gonna be back any second."

Hearing Nick talking about Paul made Jenny even more excited as she slammed her face down all ten inches of his dick again and again, sucking as hard as she could.

It felt like she was trying to suck his balls through his dick. Oh god! Fuck this girl was amazing. So close, so close, just one more time. And as Nick felt Jenny's hand reach up to play with his balls he let out a low groan.

"UUUunnnNNNNGGGHHH!!"

The first shot hit the back of her throat with such force that she gagged. The second and third coated the inside of her mouth with sticky saltiness she'd come to love. Jenny swallowed his cum diligently as he pumped more and more into her mouth. So much that some spilled out the sides and as she gulped down as much as she could. It felt like he was dumping pints of cum into her, but she loved every drop. The musky salty sweetness of the congressman's cum was an aphrodisiac for the beautiful buxom coed and she eagerly lapped it up as his massive cock exploded inside her already full mouth.

Nick's orgasm finally subsiding, she looked up into his eyes, her puffy pink lips dribbling cum over her chin and onto the floor. Careful not to spill any on his suit she opened her mouth and with a glint in her mascara smudged eyes, she showed him her mouthful.

"That's a good girl," Nick groaned.

A knock on the door.

Jenny swallowed her prize.

Another knock.

She wrapped her lips once more around Nick's cock causing him to moan as she took him once more deep in her throat sucking the last remnants of his cum out.

"Come in!"

Paul walked in with a cup of water. And if he'd been paying attention he could've seen the back of his girlfriend's head as she inhaled the congressman's softening cock. But he didn't.

Taking the water from Paul, Nick beamed at the young campaigner. ""That was just what I needed. Thanks Paul. Keep up the good work."
