 I was going to the hospital to visit her sick grand mother. As I approached the elevator a nice looking man in front of me and got on the elevator and when he saw that I was going to get on too, he held the door to keep it form closing until me go in.

The man was in his early to mid twenties, nice look and had a pleasant smile. He was wearing an open collar blue sport shirt with jeans. I would say he was about six foot tall and weighed about 200 solid pounds. My name is I and I'm built about like Carla on Cheers. I've been described as feisty. I was standing against the opposite wall form him and she notice that he was looking me up and down, and I realize that I was doing the same to him. He asked me whom she was going to see. I replied my Grandmother. Before I could ask him whom he was visiting the elevator came to a sudden jerky halt between floor. The lights blinked and an alarm bell went off. 

Both of us had a scared look on our faces and both of us look up at the lights. I said, "I wander what happened, do you think we are in any danger?" The man assured her that elevators had several safety devices on them. We stood there looking at each other for what seem like an eternity when he said I'm Mike. I said I'm Anne, how long do you think we will be stuck here? Mike just shrugged his shoulders and said, "I don't have an ideal but it's usually not long when something like this happens. It's usualy something minor." 

They could hear men talking some were about them and the sound of wrenches and hammers being use. The phone rang in the emergency box and Mike opened the door and answered it. He lessened for a couple of minutes, and then said "O K, I don't guess we can do anything but wait. He told me that they had said that the motor had burned out and it would take them at least two hours to get a replacement and that we were not in any danger, but that they couldn't get us out.

I should have been mad or scared but it excited me to be stuck in an elevator with such a good-looking man. Apparently he was thinking the same think because I noticed his trousers start to bulge and I felt my nipples start to harden. I didn't wear bras and I look down to see if my nipple were showing as much as I felt like they were. 

One of my fantasies was to have sex in a public place where there was a possibility of being caught. This was my big chance to fulfill that fantasy. The front of Mike's trouser were about to split open he was so hard and my nipple serenely telling Mike that I wanted to see what was making that bulge. I asked, "What are we going to do for two hours?" 

Mike notice me look at the bulge and also notice my nipple were long and hard and trying to push though my sweater. A grin came on his face as he moved to me and pinch both my nipples and said, "I don't thing there is much doubt of what we would both like to do of two hours."

I said as he rolled my hard nipple, "You're taking a lot of privileges aren't you?"

Mike grinned and replied, "None that you don't want me too." I said with a smile on my face, "I guess not", as I reached down and rubbed his hard bulge.

Mike kept kneading one tit while put his other arm around me and kissed me deep. I quite rubbing his bulge and pulled his zipper down and reached in side his fly. God, I couldn't get my hand around it he was so thick. I tried to work his cock out of his boxer but wasn't having any luck until he reached down and unbuckled his belt and top button. 

I ran my hand up and down his shaft which had to be at least nine inching long not counting his huge wet head.

What had I got my self in to, I had never had a dick in me more that seven inches and not near as thick as he was. I though, "What the hell, this was my big change to fulfill my fantasy and I was going to do it. I'd give him a blowjob first and make him cum and then he wouldn't be as hard when we got round to fucking. I went to my knees and licked the precum from his enormous head and took him in my mouth. I heard Mike gasp as my lips stretched to take him in my mouth. Mike moaned and his body went stiff as I took his head deep in my mouth. I lock my lips just behind the head and lick all around it, give special attention to the rim. Mike still had my breasts in his hand and pinched my nipple so hard it was almost painful. Mike's other hand was on the back of my head trying to push more cock in my mouth, but I started nipping down the side of his throbbing shaft biting his skin gently as I when.

I kissed one of Mike's balls and sucked it into my mouth while stroking his long hard shaft with the other hand. I nibbled back up his shaft and took his head back in my mouth. Mike was put out pre-cum like crazy and it tasted so good as I licked his head. I locked my lips tight around his shaft and sucked him hard. 

I couldn't see Mike's face but I could tell by his moaning and how he was pressing again the back of my head that he was enjoying the blowjob and was about to blow. I increased the speed and took his balls in my hand and gently rolled them. Mike pushed hard on the back of my head driving his cock down my throat making me gag. I stopped sucking him for a few seconds to catch my breath. I locked my lips tighter around Mike's shaft and sucked it like there would be no tomorrow. I would rake my teeth gently on the rim of his head as I moved my lips to the head of his dick. 

Mike was gasping and his breathing was getting shorter and shorter and I knew it wouldn't be long until I would get a mouth full of hot cum. Mike's body stiffend and a growling sound came from his throat. He when rigid when I put a finger up his ass hole. Ever eight tents of a second a cannon when off in my mouth. The streams of cum were so massive and were coming so fast that I couldn't swallow it all. Cum was seeping out of the corner of my mouth. 

Mike finally shot the last load and pulled me to my feet. I licked the cum from my lips as Mike was pulling me to my feet and said,"I don't think that is the first cock you have sucked. God you got me off faster than any girl before." 

Mike took the cheek of my ass in his hand as our lips met and his tongue when in my mouth. I'm sure he could taste his cum that still coated my mouth and tongue. He worked my mini skit up over my waist and set my ass on the handrails that were around the car. Mike held me against the wall with one hand while the other one pushed the crotch of my soaking wet panties to one side and probed my hot vagina with his finger.

I put both hands on top of his head as I feel his lips sucking on one of my swollen wet pussy lips and then the other. I almost screamed as he probed my hole with his finger and took my clit between his lips. His finger pushed against the front of my vagina, which forced more of my hard little bud between his lips. He sucked and tongued it fast and hard. 

I screamed and moaned as waves of pleasure took over my body. I was still at the peak of my orgasm when he started licking up my juices that flowing out of my pussy like a river. 

One of the workers must have heard my screams and yelled down the elevator shaft, "Is every think alright down there. I thought I hear someone scream." Mike yelled back, "She is claustrophobic and I'm trying to console her." "Tell her we are working as fast as we can, but it will still probably be another hour", he yelled back. I amost yelled back "Don't hurry"

I said, "I don't think that is the fist time you have eaten pussy. God you got me off as quick as I got you off and God it was so good." 

Mike stood up and took both of my tits in his hand and rolled my hard nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. 

He spread my legs at a 90 degree angle on the hand rails and ran his massive cock all the way in my pussy. 

I felt his massive cock head separated my swollen lips. I know his cock was big from having it in my mouth, but I could visualize my lips stretching like a rubber band and my vagina expanding as he when all the way in my wet hot pussy. 

His cock when all the way in my tight vagina as I rapped my arms around his neck and held on tight. I keep my legs on the wooden handrails and found a light fixture just above my head to hold on to as he rammed his long thick cock in and out of my dripping pussy.

He was ramming his big cock up my pussy so hard that my ass was almost came up off the rail. The feel of his head banging my cervix and his firm hands still kneading my breast and rolling my hard nipple was fast bringing me to another climax. I was already cumming when Mike started grunting and driving his cock in me hard and fast. The feel of his hot cum flooding my pussy sent me over the top of my climax. I'm far from a virgin but he was give me by far the best fucking I have ever experienced.

Moans of pleasure were coming from way down deep inside me and Mike was gasping and groaning as he rammed his dick deep up my pussy time and time again.

He filled my stretched pussy to over flowing. The rim of his big cock head pumped his cum out of my pussy as fast as he deposited it inside me. 

I though he would go soft and pull out like all the other guys did that I had sleep with but he just keep banging my ass against the wall and driving his hard cock in me deeper. God what a man, he had already cum twice and was still as hard as a rock and fucking me even harder. 

He fucked me hard and fast for a good fifteen minute when he finally pulled out and I figured that would be the end of a wonderful sex experience. But he put his hands back on my tits and when to his keens and started eating my pussy again. 

My ass was till on the handrail with my legs at a 90 degrees angle.

His tongue was going in and out of my hole as fast as a snakes tongue. I was so near another orgasm that I just heard Mike say, "God I love to eat a shaved pussy and yours tasted so good." One, two and then three finger went all the way in my wet pussy as he flicked my clit with his tongue.

I was just about to explode when Mike lifted me off the rail and turned me to face the wall, "Hold on to the hand rail", he demanded. I did and he ran huge cock back in my pussy from behind.

Mike put his hands in front of my thighs and pulled me back on his cock as he rammed it deep inside my hot dipping pussy. God was he ever pounding my pussy hard and fast and deep. His big head kept banging against my cervix. I didn't know before we started fucking if my vagina would expand enough to accept his big cock, especially that enormous head. If his head hadn't beeen so big I thing it would have on in my uterus. If I wasn't cumming all the time he was driving his big cock up my pussy I was sure enjoying just getting fucked. 

I screamed as another orgasm took over my trimbling body. It took over my entire body. God was I every getting off and he kept plowing that long dick in my pussy and back out again and then in deep and even harder.  

The workmen from above yelled down, "What's happing down there?" Mike yelled back while still fucking me that I had fainted and he was giving me CPR. If this was CPR, I wanted a lot of it and for a long time. 

Mike had just started filling my pussy for the third time when the man yelled again, "I think we've got her fixed." Mike gasped back, "Good, good, good", as he shot three more streams of hot cum in my pussy.        "We've got her fixed", a voice yelled down. Mike pulled his cock out of my pussy and there was a loud sucking sound and the a pop as his head came out. He tried to get his still hard cock back in his trousers, but finally had to unbutton them to get it in his pants. 

I quickly pulled my soaking wet panties up and my skirt down. Mike kissed both my nipples before he pulled my sweater down. 

I was still straightening my skirt and smoothing it down when the elevator started up. The doors opened and there was a crowed of people standing there, including two paramedics. One of them asked if we were O K and looked inside the car and saw Mike's cum all over the floor. He asked me, "Did you through up?" I replied, "I don't know I was so scared, I must've." I think he recognized that it was cum and how flush and sweaty we were and grinned. 

A very nice dressed older man said, "I'm sure you two are shook up a little. Our office lounge is just though this door, why don't you come in and have something to drink while you get your nerves back to normal. Mike and I excepted and he led us to the lounge. We both asked for coffee and Mike ask if it was O K to smoke in here. The man poured the coffee and said," sure, go ahead and smoke." Mike took out his cigarettes and offered me one. I took it and he lit it for me.      The man stayed around for a while and then said he had to get back to work, but for us to stay here as long as we wanted, and left. 

Mike said, "God, you were good fuck." I realized those was the first words we had spoken to each other sense he as said how good my pussy tasted. I said, "I enjoyed it my self, I didn't know if I could take all of you long thick cock in my little pussy when I first rapped my hand around it but it felt so good in side me. I've never cum that much in a week", and smiled real big.

Mike said, "Three time in the same day is a record for me. If I knew someone wouldn't come in I'm ready to take you right here on this couch." 

Mike handed me his card and said, "If you ever want to get together again, just call me. My cell phone number is on there you can reach me any time." I said as we went out the door, "You know dam well you will be hearing from me very soon. Just as soon as my pussy revives. I know it will be sore for at least three days."