 The cabbie pulls up to my hotel and lets me out. I pay him with a fifty that I found and tell him to keep the change. He hesitates to take the money at first seeing as how I'm only wearing a towel, he must have been wondering where I pulled the money from. I very casually close the cab door and walk into the hotel, greeting all those staring at me.

I walk over to the front desk and ask if I have any messages. The clerk looks at me with a 'not again' expression before nodding no and suggesting that I proceed up to my room. I wink at the girl standing next to me, who's staring at my chest, before walking over to the elevator. As I push the up button, a sexy brunette steps beside me.

We both board the elevator because she's looking down at her phone, so she doesn't realize she's getting on an elevator with a completely naked guy. I get a quick first glimpse of her out of the corner of my eye, and I realize she is tall. I immediately conclude that she's a model, or she needs to become one. By the time she does look up at me, the doors have closed and I already hit the button for my floor.

"What floor are you going to," I ask her calmly.

She clears her throat and tries avoiding eye contact while answering, "Top floor."

"Me too," I awkwardly add, thinking my comment would help her relax. "I'm Aruri."

She looks over at me strangely, "What kind of name is that?"

"It's what everyone calls the animal I am."

"Oh, okay. I'm Roxie."

We continue standing there quietly for a few more seconds before I start catching her staring at me chest. I begin measuring the odds of leaving her alone or trying to get her out of her clothes. As I'm coming to a decision, I look down at her plump ass and realize she's got one of those cute, little college girl asses.

"So is this your first time in an elevator with a naked black dude, Roxie?"

The question catches her off guard as she stutters, "Yes, yes! Awkward for me, not to say this isn't awkward for you too, Aruri. It's just..."

She shyly turns away and I grin at her.

"No, you're right. Actually I'm used to moments like this."

"Really, why's that?" she asks while looking back at me.

I hesitate to answer the question at first because I'm too busy looking at her body, but eventually I get around to responding, "I'm kind of a weirdo like that. I get myself into a lot of after-sex predicaments. How about you, why is this awkward?"

"Wow, didn't expect you to ask me that. Okay, maybe because there's a strange naked guy in a towel, standing in a confined area with me, and he's got a full-on raging..."

She nervously points down at my fully erect, throbbing member. I look down at the towel barely covering my needy dick and as I'm looking back up at her, I catch her staring intently at it.

"No worries, the Iron Rod of Mayhem won't hurt you; unless you want it to."

She shockingly laughs, "The Iron Rod of, what was it, Mayhem? Someone's overcompensating."

"Overcompensating?" I pull the towel from around my hips and turn towards her so she can get a full view of my throbbing member. "What could I possibly be overcompensating for?"

"Oh my god," she softly giggles to herself while trying to swipe my dick away from her. "Get that thing away from me," she continues laughing.

"No, apologize to it."

"No!"

I get closer to her and start poking her with my hard dick. As she continues laughing and trying to grab hold of my dong, I start making sex noises to match my thrusting. I finally stop as she pins herself to the wall while trying to escape me.

"How long is this elevator ride?" she screams out.

"I don't know," I look over at the buttons and realize I hit the emergency stop button. "Oops," I say as I undo that and hit the top floor button.

The elevator starts moving upward and I wrap the towel back around my hips, this time completely covering my erection.

"First time touching a black dick?" I teasingly ask.

"I never touched you, you were touching me."

"Well, is this your first time... By the way, anytime the elevator stops for other people, I'm going to pin you against the wall and pretend like we're fucking. But like I was saying earlier-"

"Wait, what? You're going to pretend-fuck me? For what?"

"I just don't like riding with strange people-"

"You're a strange person. You're completely naked-"

The elevator dings and we're not on our floor, so I quickly pin her against the wall and wrap her legs around me. As the door opens and an older couple starts to step in, I drop my towel and pretend to be hammering away as fast as possible. They see her ponytail bouncing around and my black ass slamming in between her legs. They step off before she has time to stop laughing and explain what's really happening.

The doors close and I let her down as the elevator continues going up. I leave the towel on the floor and just let my dick hang as she covers her face in absolute embarrassment.

"What's wrong with you?" I ask her.

She looks over at me like I'm supposed to know her answer.

"You are so fucking weird. Don't even talk to me."

"Come on, you're acting like you didn't enjoy that."

"I didn't."

"Then why do you have the biggest smile on your face right now?"

"Because I am so embarrassed right now."

"And horny, let's not forget horny."

"I am not-"

As she's trying to explain herself, the elevator dings again and I repeat the process like before. This time a really old Asian woman steps onto the elevator and sees us. Roxie tries explaining what's going on, but I start pounding into her faster and she actually lets out a small moan. The Asian smiles and leans in further just to pinch my ass before her husband pulls her off. Her actions make Roxie and me burst into laughter and I immediately put her down to stop myself my falling over. Suddenly, she stops laughing and hits the emergency stop button.

"Look, I am not horny-"

"Yeah, you are."

"No I'm not. There are lots of guys I'd get horny for before you," she states with a slight smile of her face.

"And all those guys have small dicks."

She smacks me on the arm and starts laughing again.

No they do not. My last boyfriend was not only hotter than you, but he was packing-"

"Some really small equipment. That's not saying anything about him as a person. I'm just saying the sex was bad. It's not your fault."

"The sex was not bad," she tries explaining all while still laughing.

"Right, it just wasn't good. Was he scrawny and/or cute? Because neither one of those types of guys are good at fucking."

"He was not scrawny, he's thin and there's nothing wrong with being cute."

"Cute guys are use to getting everything they want because of their looks. Sex is a physical activity that they're use to others doing for them. Now, guys like me..."

I turn my body completely towards her and show off how I look when I flexing. I can see her eyes staring at my bulging muscles and the warrior tattoos all over my body. Her eyes are especially drawn to the tattoo on my dick. It measures all nine inches of me in tribal rings from top to bottom. Her hands ball up in an attempt to stop them from reaching toward me.

"We're designed to fuck the hell out of chicks. When women see us, they don't scream like little junior high girls like they do for cute boys. They moan inside their pussies while imaging themselves riding our hard dicks."

She puts her hands in front of my dick to block it from her view. I pick up the towel and wrap it back around my hips before pushing the button to continue traveling up. She shyly turns away from me and tries avoiding any eye contact. I take this time to finally admire her sexiness.

She's wearing a black punk-rock band T-shirt with some loose fitting short shorts. The most obvious things about her are her long, tanned legs. I can't really tell her bra size because her shirt is also loose fitting, but from my previous feels, she's about a thirty-two B. And if I had to guess her figure, I'd say she's a thirty-two -- twenty-two -- thirty-four. She's the perfect example of a Victoria Secret model.

"Did you take some kind of super pill?" she rudely asks me as I was still staring at her body.

"What? No, this is natural for me. I stay hard all the time, unless there's children around me," I respond, looking down at my still bulging hard-on.

She starts to look over at me, but the elevator dings and I immediately drop my towel and repeat our pretend fucking joke.

Because of my intense pumping, she's barely able to say, "This is our floor you idiot," in between laughs.

"Oh." I let her down and pick my towel back up before looking back over at her. "My bad."

As she slowly stops laughing, she notices a small stain on her shorts.

"Did you cum on me?"

I look down at the stain and get a clever idea.

"I don't know. Take your shorts off and let me see."

I reach over and start pulling the top of her shorts down, but she grabs the back of my hands to stop me. She pushes my hands away and starts trying to wipe the stain away.

"You are such a weirdo. And a perverted one at that, who cums on random girls from just pretend fucking them. Not much stamina in guys like you, is there?"

That comment is a direct insult to my very being. I quickly turn towards her, making sure we are eye to eye and face to face.

"First of all, my stamina is on a level you could only dream of. And secondly, that's not cum on her shorts. It's just precum, not that you didn't know that, considering how much you're fantasizing about milking me dry."

The elevator doors close with us still inside, and she crosses her arms while trying to stare me down.

"What the hell makes you think-"

"The way you are still, even at this moment, glancing at my dick."

"The only reason I keep staring at it is because I think it's on steroids and I'm afraid it could just pop, like a balloon, at any time."

The very accusation of such a statement shocks me to my core. "The Iron Rod of Mayhem is no flimsy piece of rubber, juiced up by some artificial enhancement. How dare you?"

"Now keep that thing under your towel. The guards watching the cameras must be tired of seeing your junk."

The mood in the elevator immediately lightens up as we chuckle at the thought of two dudes sitting in front of some monitors watching us. That's when I notice the elevator is going down because we forgot to get off.

"Actually it's not my towel. It's some woman's towel."

"So you just stole her towel? Why didn't you put your clothes back on?"

"I left my clothes at another girl's house. But that wasn't my fault, her mother came home and it turned into a three-way. Then the dad came home and I had to leave quickly."

"How old was this girl who was living with her parents?"

"Eighteen! She's a senior in high school. On a side note, my dick is throbbing out of control. Could you...," I proposition her for some help.

She looks over at me removing the towel and aiming my dick in her direction.

"What am I supposed to do?" she asks nervously.

"Just stroke it a bit. Not a full handjob, but enough to relieve the pressure a little. At least until I get back up to my room so I can jack off." Before she can answer, I reach over and stop the elevator. "Now no one can bother us."

"I am not jacking you off. You're not even my type."

The pressure in my entire dick is killing me and do not have time for her shy girl games. I slowly step closer to her and get really close to her lips.

"Look, I know for a fact that both of us are horny out of our minds. My dick is dripping precum and I can smell you more than your perfume. And, going out on a limb here, I'm pretty damn sure your pussy is ultra tight. The way you keep staring at my dick proves you've never seen anything like it, so I can only imagine that you still feel like a virgin."

"I'm not a virgin," she murmurs while trying to fight the urge to kiss me. "And I'm still not sucking your dick."

"I didn't ask you to suck it. I asked-"

Before I can finish talking, I feel her hand wrapping around my throbbing shaft. She grins at me while biting her bottom lip and starts stroking me for precum. I step back a little to give her more room to move her arm, and she immediately uses the freed space to stroke harder. I feel a small stream of precum shoot out onto her wrist as she purposely pumps for more stains.

I lean over and kiss her softly as she reaches her other hand over to join her stroking hand. I put my hands on her hips and slide them under her shirt to remove it. She takes her hands off my shaft just long enough for me to pull her shirt over her head. And as I predicted, her B cup tits are revealed in a sky blue bra.

She quickly pulls her bra straps off her shoulders and I unhook it in the back before pulling it off. Her cute little tits have dark pink areolas with rock hard nipples firmly sitting on top of them. I watch them jiggle as she gets down on her knees in front of me. She pushes me back a little more, so that we're not so close to the elevator wall.

She continues stroking me more until another glob of precum begins oozing out. She moves her mouth under to the glob and sucks it into her mouth while sliding her lips onto my member. Her mouth is burning hot compared to the cold in the elevator. I put my hands on the top of my head as she slowly moves her mouth back and forth on me.

I can feel more globs oozing out into her mouth and her smearing them onto my shaft with her tongue. And her tongue, she's using it like it's her magic wand. Despite the fact she's sucking me so hard that I can feel the inside of her cheeks rubbing against my dick, she's still somehow able to work her tongue around the twitching head of my cock. She starts sucking faster and rocking her head back and forth so hard that I nearly stumble backwards.

I reach down to grab onto some of her hair and start fucking her face just as fast as she's sucking. Her mouth is making slurping sounds around my cock as a precum-saliva mixture begins foaming out the sides of her mouth. She pulls her mouth off my slimy cock and pushes the foam into her mouth to swallow as I watch.

She slowly strokes me while swallowing every drop of foam before putting her mouth back on my dick. She gives me one last hard suck before she gets to my head and sucks on it like it's a straw. I can her suction all the way in the base of shaft and my balls tighten a little as though I'm about to cum in mouth. She pulls her mouth off my head just as I begin groaning harder.

"So, what level did you say your stamina was on?" she seductively asks while grinning up at me.

I pull her up to me, by her hair, and kiss her harder while letting go of her hair. She kisses me back while undoing her shorts as I pin her against the elevator walls. The moment her shorts open, I pull out of the kiss and kneel in front of her. I pull her shorts down and reveal her matching thong and the wet spot on the front of it.

I bury my face in that spot and listen to her moan softly as I bite at it. She puts her hands on the back of my head and pulls my face out of her pussy so that I can pull her thong down her long, gorgeous legs. She kicks off her shorts and thong, and I catch her leg on my shoulder and replant my face right back into her pussy.

"You love pussy...," she softly moans. "Don't you?"

I can't even respond to her as her aroma has me captive. My tongue finds its way to her quivering clit and I slide my hands to her thighs to open her legs more. As she re-positions her legs, I suck her entire clit into my mouth and begin licking every part of it. She moans harder for a second as I reach parts of her clit no one's ever reached before. Her leg on the floor begins trembling so she puts it on my other shoulder.

She leans against the wall more and open her legs wide enough to sit her thighs on the railing. She bends her knees and arches her back as bury my tongue inside her soaking pussy. She grabs onto the rails and groans deep in her throat as I lick back up to her clit and suck it back in my mouth. She puts one hand back on my head and rocks her pussy on my face as she begins cumming on my face. I hum into her pussy to vibrate her clit in my mouth while feeling her orgasm exploding.

She puts her feet on my shoulder and opens her legs wider while grinding her pussy into my face harder. I use my free hand to hold against the wall while I continue sucking and rubbing on her cumming pussy. I continue sucking her clit as I reach up with hand and rub the juice out of her with my index finger. The juice drips down my finger and to my hand, so I push my finger in her pussy. Before my finger gets far, her body shakes off the rail and she falls on top of me.

As she falls off the railing, her pussy smashes into my face even more. I quickly reach up and put my hands on her back to balance her as she sits on my shoulders. She continues softly moaning as I slide her down off my shoulders until she's kneeling in front of me.

"You are so fucking strong," she says out of breath.

"No, I'm so fucking horny. I can't fuck a girl who's unconscious. Well I could, but I'm not."

We kiss again as she puts her arms around my neck and I slide my hands around to her tight, little ass. I lift her off the floor just enough that she's able to wrap her legs around me while never breaking the kiss. I sit on the back of my legs for stability while positioning her over my pulsing member. She breaks the kiss and opens her legs as wide as possible, almost squatting on top of me.

We look down at ourselves as she pulls my cock in front of her pussy. She aims it at her dripping hole and I let her fall onto it as hard as she can. Her pussy is so tight that my cock doesn't go in far before she's clinching around my shaft like she's cumming. She squeals as the first four inches slams into her honey spot, and her moans intensify as I start rocking her onto my cock more.

I feel her nails digging into skin and her hot breath on my neck as more of me is able to slide inside her. Her pussy is gripping me so hard that I can barely feel myself throbbing anymore. She has my dick held in place like a clamp, and it feels better than any other tight pussy I've ever felt. She lays her head down on my shoulder and sighs as she finally feels my stomach pressing against hers and her pussy full of hard man meat.

I slide my hands off her ass and to the bottom of her thighs and slowly start pumping into her. She moans with each thrust while her pussy gets wetter and wetter. Soon her juices are covering my entire length, and I'm able to really start fucking into her. Once I'm pumping in and out in a good rhythm, she leans her head up and looks down at her pounding pussy lips sucking on my slippery shaft.

Her moans get harder as she relaxes and lets the sensations wash over her. And I begin groaning from the sensations as she begins rocking into my thrusts. She leans her body away from mine and uses one hand to hold onto my neck as she begins swirling her body into my pumping. She starts lap dancing into my thrust and her pussy feels like multiple positions all at once with each of her hip swirls.

I lean my head down to feel the rush, and notice her little pink nipples bouncing erratically on her chest. Her swirling gets slower and her body tenses with each of my thrusts. I let go of her thighs and put my hands on her hips to really start pounding into her. She quickly goes from moaning to screaming as loud as she can.

"Oh fuck. Fucking shit! Shit!"

I can feel her entire body shaking in my arms, and her legs shake wildly on either side of me. I pull her into me more and bury my cock as deep as I can without slowing my pace. I start to feel the deepest part of her pussy smashing against the tip of my dick. I look up at her for a kiss, but her head is laid completely back, her mouth is gaping, and her eyes are in the back of her head.
