 I hated having to come into the city and work in these old buildings. I mean work takes you where it takes you, so you go. Having to install state of the art security electronics in a new building is one thing, but to do so in one of these old monsters just seemed somehow wrong. If fighting the traffic to get down town wasn't bad enough, the temperature having broken a hundred earlier in the day hadn't helped my disposition at all. Working past ten at night certainly hadn't improved it one bit either. I took a swig from my last bottle of water while I waited for the decrepit elevator to slog its way up to me on the top floor. The building was sweltering from the day's heat, even at this late hour. The tons of stone just seemed to soak the heat up and then keep releasing it all night and the air conditioning system didn't seem capable of keeping up with even a fraction of it. In the three days I had been working this job the only real bright spot had been that the hotel was walking distance, and the building seemed to have a lot of fairly decent looking women working on the lower floors. 

The doors creaked open assaulted me with a blast of stale sweltering air. I almost decided to walk down the seventeen flights of stairs, choosing to ride in the veritable furnace of a car only just before the doors closed. I slipped in as the doors were closing and set my case on the floor next to me, almost instantly wishing I had taken the stairs. It felt like it had to be at least a hundred and ten in the seven foot square box, making me instantly think of all those POW movies where they throw you into a metal box in the sun for punishment. I hit the lobby button and waited for the car to rattle and shake its way down the long shaft.

It hadn't made its way very far before it stopped, the doors creaking open to let a nice looking young woman into the car. I was sure I had seen her step into the car ahead of me earlier in the day, and taking a quick look at her short black mini-skirt and slender shapely legs I was convinced I had. I would never forget a set of legs that looked like that!

The doors closed and the car started creaking and wobbling down the shaft once again. 

Without warning the car came to an abrupt stop. Not the usual slow and pause, but a jolting shaking sudden stop that left no doubt that it was not intended to stop that way.

"Oh fuck!" The young lady cursed before looking over at me and blushing slightly. "Sorry."

"Not a problem. My sentiments exactly." I said as I set my bag down on the floor next to me. "Does this happen a lot?"

"Well..." she said stepping back and leaning against the wall. "Last time I was stuck in her for almost four hours, but that was during the day."

"Well, let's hope that we don't have to wait that long." I replied as I reached down and toggled the alarm switch. I waited and listened for the telltale of a bell ringing outside the car, and waited and waited. "Huh. I didn't know they had silent alarms in these old elevators."

"Um...They don't." She said from where she had sat down on the floor, her legs curled under her and her high heels standing empty on the floor next to her.

I turned to look at her as her statement sunk in. "So we're stuck in here and no one knows?"

"Sooner or later someone will notice. There are only two elevators so someone will notice."

"So sooner or later, like in a few minutes?" I asked, realizing that I was already sweating like crazy, and the nervousness of being confined was quickly making me sweat more. I'm not real claustrophobic, but to be brutally honest, I live in the country for a reason. Being closed up in a steel box for an extended period of time was not something pleasant to contemplate.

"Well, it's hard to say." She said looking up at me. 

"Um.... Ok." I said pulling my tie loose and unbuttoning the top two buttons of my shirt. Yeah, this was going to get really tense if I was going to have to spend a couple hours in here.

"Are you ok?" She asked, cocking her head on an angle and looking up at me.

"Um...sure. I'm fine." I lied as I started perspiring a bit more. No this was not my idea of a good time.

"So. I take it your claustrophobic?" She asked in an exasperated tone as I began pacing back and forth in front of the closed doors, willing them to suddenly open.

"Oh, maybe a little." I answered forcing a smile to my face.

I paced for several minutes before the young lady reached up and grabbed my hand. "Come sit down. You're just going to wear a hole in the floor.' She said with a smile. "My name is Suzanne, but most people call me Suzie. 

"Hi. Mike." I said as I dropped to the floor next to her.

"Well Mike. We might as well relax. So what are you doing up here so late?"

"Working on a security system on seventeen." I said looking at the doors and wishing they would open.

"Ah. I heard someone new had taken over the whole floor. Some stock trading outfit or something like that."

"Yeah. Something like that." I answered.

"So I work on fifteen. Administrative assistant in an office there."

"Ah. I see." I answered as I looked at the ceiling.

"Ok. Look. You can stare at the walls, door and ceiling all you want, but it won't get us out any sooner.

"Um, ok. What will?"

"Well, to be honest, probably not much. We just have to wait till someone notices it's out of order and calls maintenance."

"And the alarm doesn't go anywhere?" I asked, looking at the ceiling and doors again, sure that they were starting to get closer to me as I looked.

"Well, it's an old system. It breaks from time to time. I guess the alarm is broken. Don't worry though, Security will be along soon to close everything up and they're bound to notice it's stuck." She said brightly. 

I looked over at her, realizing she was one of those incredibly annoying glass half full people. I also realized she was kind of cute; a fact which momentarily allowed me to forget that the size of the elevator was shrinking at an alarming rate. I guessed her to be in her mid twenties, dark brown curly hair, fair complexion, large brown eyes that some young man could spend a whole night sinking into and a definitely Jewish nose. Without trying to look like I was giving her a full exam, I quickly scanned the rest of her. Her light colored blouse was quickly becoming a bit more translucent where it lay against her sweating skin, allowing me to see she had on a light colored lace bra encasing a nicely proportioned set of breasts that had to be a good thirty eight d's. Her slim waist disappeared into that cute black mini-skirt, which in her current position rode well up the thighs of her long slender legs. I couldn't help but wonder what type and color panties she had on that were hidden just out of my view. The whole survey only took a few seconds, after which I quickly looked away, but it was enough to allow my dick to begin to begin to embarrassingly grow. If it kept up its current pace, it was going to be painfully obvious very soon. 

"Well, at least you were polite about it." She said with a small grin.

"Huh? What?" I asked my brain trying to puzzle out what she was referring to.

"Checking me out? At least you were polite. Lots of guys would have practically had me undressed in their minds by now."

"I'm sorry." I responded as my face grew a bit brighter shade of pink with the realized that I was doing just that.

"Oh, that's cute! You're blushing!" She said with a giggle. "So, let's see. You're technical, you're a gentleman, you're easily embarrassed, I'd guess you're what, forty? Kind of cute too." She finished, making me blush a bit harder with her last statement. "So now that I figured a few things out about you, why don't you take a few guesses at me?"

"Huh? I don't understand."

"Well, keeping your attention on me is obviously keeping your claustrophobia in check. I'd just as soon not have to deal with someone going hysterical so let's see if we can keep that going a bit longer, shall we? Besides, this is kind of fun."

"Being trapped in an elevator is kind of fun?" I asked incredulously.

"No silly. Guessing about each other. Now come on. Your turn to guess."

"Well, you already told me you are an admin in an office, so let's start with age... Um twenty five? No ring on the finger, so you're not married, I don't think attached either, given how late you're working."

"Good start, keep going."

"Aren't you going to tell me if I'm right or not?"

"You're kidding right? You want to ask a woman her age? Let's just say that so far you're flattering me and no, I'm not attached. Now keep going, what else can you guess?"

I sat and stared at her for what seemed like a long time, trying to decide what else I could try to guess about her. My mind kept going to her physical attributes, which I didn't think were going to be the best choices to guess about. "I'm at a loss. I 'm not sure what to guess about."

"Hmmmm Ok, then. My turn again. I'd guess six foot and an inch tall, and oh about one eighty?"

"Close. Six even and one eighty five. Pretty good guessing."

"Good. Your turn again."

"Um, ok. Five foot seven and one thirty?"

"Ohhh you are good for my ego. I wish I was one thirty. My turn again. Let's see, what can I guess about you.... Oh I know. BOXERS!"

I sat stunned for a moment. Blurting out a surprised "huh?"

"Boxers, you look like a boxers guy rather than briefs. Am I right? I bet solid colors too."

"No, not boxers." I answered as I tried to drag my mind back to the conversation each time it wanted to see if the doors had opened yet."

"Oh not boxers huh? I didn't figure you for a briefs man... unless of course you don't wear any!" She said with a crooked grin that couldn't help but attract my attention.

"Huh? Yeah, I wear underwear." I said almost defensively.

"Well, what kind then? Please tell me your not a whity- tighty guy. I'd be so disappointed."

"Um. No. Actually I wear bikini briefs." I answered almost without realizing it I was so startled by the direction the conversation had gone.

"Ohhhhh. Nice. Let's see. I bet....red?" She asked as she leaned farther toward me.

"Um nope... They're.."

"No don't tell me, let me guess!' She interrupted. "Let's see, not red, then how about gray?"

"Nope." I answered, feeling my dick begin to swell as my mind began to wonder about her underwear.

"Mmmmm must be blue?"

"Nope." I answered, still not fully believing what she was asking.

"Hmmm ok, I'm going to have to say white, but if I'm wrong this time you're going to have to show me!" She said with that same slightly devious looking smile.

"Actually they're black." I answered.

"Black? I never thought about black. Guys wear black underwear? Come on. Show me!" She said grinning.

"What? I'm supposed to drop my pants for you?" I asked incredulously. Not that I was averse to being seen by a cute woman, but damn!"

"What? You're afraid the elevator doors might suddenly open and someone will see you flashing your underwear? Come on! Show me!" She chided.

I shook my head and tried to think of a polite way to prove my underwear color. I started unbuckling my belt to show her.

"Uh uh. Gotta stand up and show me. Come on stud! Let's see em!" 

"Damn." I muttered under my breath as I got up from the floor. I finished unbuckling and undid the button, only unzipping far enough to show her the tops of my black underwear, which were actually pretty low cut for a guy. Most guys my age wouldn't be caught dead in something like these, but my girl friend really likes the way I look in them and loves to tease me until my dick grows right out the top for her.

"Wow! Those are hot. Come on, show me all of em!" She teased with a smile as she reached out and tugged on one leg of my pants as I started to pull the zipper back up. "Ohhh don't cover em up! Show me all of em!"

I rolled my eyes, wondering what I was getting myself into, and pulled the zipper back down, allowing my pants to slide down to my thighs. My dick bulged out a bit more than I expected, and gave her a pretty good view, which she seemed to appreciate in the few moments that I let her see before pulling them back up. "Ok, Now you saw." I said as I did my pants back up.

"I know. And god was it worth it. Those are sexy! I bet your wife loves those."

"Not married, at least not anymore."

"OH? Running free now?"

"Oh, I don't know about that." I said as I sat back down.

"Well, ok. Now it's your turn. Why don't you try to guess what kind of underwear I have on?" She asked, sitting back a bit more.

"Damn." I muttered. "I'm guessing you're not a thong type, but I would guess small bikini types."

"Ohhh that's good. What color? I bet you can never guess!"

"Panties, I'd say print, either colors or animal skin."

"Uh uh. Try again."

I thought for a moment, wondering what kind of underwear she had on, besides being a bikini style.

"Come on, two more guesses." She said grinning.

"White?" I asked, my hormones stating to kick into high gear and finally wake my mind up to the possibilities.

"Nope, one more!"

I thought for a moment figuring that if I didn't guess right she was going to have to show me like I had shown her. "Pink!" I shot out.

"Awwww You peaked!" She said with a frown. "Now I don't have to show you!"

"Hold on. You agreed a bit too fast there. I think you need to prove to me they're pink!" I told her, hoping that was what she intended for me to request.

"You don't believe me?" She asked with mock innocence on her face.

"Well, you have to admit that it would get you out of showing me."

She sat with a contemplative look on her face for several seconds. "You're right. But you got to show me just the top of yours and I can't show you just the top of mind. Tell you what. We'll show them both together, just to be fair." She said as she stood up, her long legs looking even sexier now that they were at my eye level. "So you going to stand up and join me or just be a party pooper?"

"Um... Hell yes!" I answered, climbing to my feet as fast as I could and starting to unbuckle my belt again. I hadn't really thought about the fact that as turned on as I was I was going to have a huge hardon, not until of course I let my pants slide to the floor around my ankles. I heard her give a small gasp and stare at my crotch, drawing my own attention to what she was seeing. My dick had indeed grown, so much so that it had made its way over the top waistband of my underwear, leaving my engorged purple head and about a third of my dick sticking out.

"DAMN!" She swore quietly, staring at my dick, which seemed to be determined to sneak even farther out as she watched. She stared for several seconds before reaching behind herself. I barely heard the soft sound of the zipper before her skirt slid down her legs to pool in a black puddle around her ankles. Any embarrassment I had from my dick showing dissipated in moments as I looked at her very tiny pink lace panties. Even from where I stood I could tell that the crotch was dark with moisture, tiny dark curls peaking around the edges and through the delicate lace. If that wasn't enough, her stockings were held up by an equally pink and delicate garter that looped across her sensually rounded hips, each pink strap blending nicely with the pale white skin that looked as smooth as a baby's bottom.

It was my turn to mutter "DAMN!" As I surveyed the sexy body from her hips down. If I had been looking at her face I may have seen her lick her lips seductively as she looked at my dick, her fingers moving to the buttons on her sweat soaked silk blouse and slowly undoing them, starting at the bottom and working her way up. It didn't take me too long to focus on the growing triangle of creamy sweet skin progressing from her slim waist up toward her chest like an arrow. As her slim fingers worked, the arrow of skin slowly grew, as did the hardness of my already partly exposed dick. When the pink lace of her bra came into view, without thinking, I reached down and pushed the front of my briefs down, hooking them below my balls, and exposing my entire rigid dick to her view. My hand wrapped around my member and gave it a slow stroke as her shirt parted and she allowed it to slide off her shoulders, leaving her standing in only her underclothes. 

"Would you mind?" She asked as she stepped out of her skirt and turned her back to me. She stepped back toward me, reaching for my hard dick and grasping it behind her back while she waited for me to unfasten the clasp of her bra. 

My mind was in full sex mode as I gently slid a hand around each side of her body, pushing the material of her cups up and allowing my hands to cup each mound of flesh. Her breasts were quite a bit larger than my hands could contain, but she seemed to enjoy the attention I was paying to them as I gently cupped and squeezed them, her hardened nipples protruding between my fingers.

"That's nice." She cooed as she leaned back against me, trapping her hand and my dick between us. I allowed my hand to roam the front of her sexy body while she moved one arm to allow the bra strap to slide off, the bra now hanging from the arm that was holding my twitching dick between us. I allowed my hands to roam around her soft body, enjoying the sensations of her hand as well as the sensations of her hard nipples rubbing across my palms. My fingers soon found the delicate garter holding the stockings in place and gently teased my fingers beneath it.

"You can take it off if you want." She whispered as my fingers played with the catch holding her right stocking up.

"You want me to take it off?" I whispered back.

"Uh huh." She responded before pressing her mouth to mine. Her tongue teased my lips open and slipped in to play with my tongue. My fingers deftly worked the small clasp that held the stocking in place, until it finally flicked open, allowing the elastic strap to be freed from the silk stocking top. 

"Hmmm." She moaned softly as my hand gently stroked across her firm stomach, my finger tips tracing along the elastic top of her panties, until it reached her left leg and the elastic strap located there. Again the fingers of my right hand worked the clip, my left hand now busy toying with her rock hard nipples. "Don't forget the ones in the back." She cooed softly as I released the elastic strap and slipped a finger into the top of her stocking.

"Of course." I whispered as she turned in my arms to face me. I allowed my hands to slide down her panty covered ass, caressing and playing with it as I teased my fingers under the straps holding the backs of the stockings up. While my fingers worked the clasps, her hand left my rock hard dick and went to work pulling my tie off and then unbuttoning my shirt. Her fingers worked the buttons almost franticly until she had it completely undone, pushing the material back apart and off my shoulders so her hard nipples pressed into my bare chest.

"Oh fuck!" I moaned as she wiggled her chest around, grinding her nipples into my chest and her pelvis against my rock hard dick. With the garter now unclipped I eagerly pushed the back of her panties down, exposing her smooth creamy ass to my hands. I squeezed both cheeks and pulled her up to me, grinding my dick back against her as she lifted her face to mine, wrapping her arms around my neck. Her mouth practically devoured mine as our lust overflowed. I gave up trying to push her panties off, and finally just pulled the material with both hands, tearing the delicate lace so that it was able to slide easily down one leg, leaving her dressed in nothing but her stockings and that small bit of lace around her ankle.

"Fuck me!" She moaned into my mouth as she continued to aggressively attack mine. I grasped her ass with my hands and lifted her easily, her slim body sliding up mine until her wet pussy lips had slipped the full length of my dick. She wrapped both legs around my waist, as I fumbled with the head of my dick, rubbing it around her wet pussy lips.
