 Rachel was always there in my thoughts. I was utterly bedazzled by that first glimpse of her long legs, her trim waist, her wonderfully formed breasts, her teasing smile and her sensuous lips. I thought of her during every waking moment. A glimpse of her at the office was the highlight of the day.

There was the time in the elevator. I was crushed against the back wall when she entered from a different floor. She stood near the front of the compartment, facing the doors. This time the jeans were gone, replaced with a smart, tight, black business dress and high heels. I was faintly aware of her scent as she entered, a fragrant, sweet smell, the distinctive smell of a woman. I craned my neck to get a better glimpse of her and drank in the delicious profile of her breasts straining against the crisp white cotton of her shirt.

The elevator nearly emptied at the next floor and she moved back into the small enclosure, turning slightly, but still without noticing me. I saw the trim, shapely figure again, the stocking-clad legs as inviting as they had been at that first brief meeting. 

The other people alighted from the elevator at the next floor and my heart thumped with the recognition that only she and I remained. Rachel and me! Alone. My mind raced with fantasies of elevator fun. I imagined her turning to me, one hand reaching for the stop button as the other ripped her shirt apart. I saw a button tear and drop to the floor. It bounced, spun and then settled cheekily in the corner. She stood there, a black bra encasing those lovely tits, her hand lightly caressing one breast, a single finger drawing itself along and around the shape of her mound. 

I felt my cock harden, saw that smile again, and watched as her moist red lips formed a silent greeting. She stepped toward me, her tits crushing against my chest, one leg snaking its way up my side. Involuntarily, I moaned, simultaneously aware of her delicious scent and of her touch, so feminine, delicate, but also wanton. Her leg was rubbing against mine, her hands were on my face, soft, insistent, demanding. 

Our lips met at last. Our tongues played with each other. She lightly bit on my tongue and I moaned again, my arms now clasped around her body, my hands roaming down her back, searching for her ass. I pulled her to me, my erection now hard and throbbing. Rachel thrust her pelvis into me and we ground against each other, our breaths shortening, our gasps growing louder.

The taste, oh the taste! I drank in the nectar of this woman, licking my tongue along her lips, darting into her mouth, running along her teeth, wrestling with her tongue. Her lips replied in kind, pressing themselves to mine, frantically seeking to explore every inch of my mouth. One of us would withdraw momentarily, running our tongue along the lips of the other before darting back to the mouth.

Our hands were roaming urgently now, mine pulling at her shirt, hers rubbing my crotch and tugging at my zipper. “Fuck me,” she commanded into my ear. “Fuck me here, fuck me hard.” At this brazen command, her hands reached my cock, tugging my briefs aside, reaching in, wrapping around the length of my shaft, embracing the throbbing hardness. I found the zip on her skirt, lowered it and reached into her pants. I ran my hands around from her ass, along the sides of her hips and to the front of her taut young body. A vague awareness of the silky feel of her panties joined with the delight of pulling at the string bands that clung to her waist. The smooth, firm contours of her body melted into my hands as I reached her pussy. 

I firmly ran a finger along the top of her cunt, seeking out her clit and savouring the sensation of her soft fur. By now she had pulled my pants down and was manipulating my cock with one hand whilst the other fondled and squeezed my balls. Cupping my hand across her pubic area, my middle finger found her hole. I hesitated but a second, then realised she was utterly wet. My finger slid into her cunt and she screamed out, “oh fuck!” She was warm and wet and I easily slipped a second finger in, then a third, and began to finger fuck her pussy. She stopped pleasuring my cock and leaned back against the wall of the elevator, her head high, her beautiful jaw-line atop that lovely neck, her hair crushed against the wall, a few strands straying down her forehead and over her nose. With my other hand, I tugged at her black, lacy bra, exposing one tit. Her nipple was hard and I lowered my mouth to suck and bite it, pulling it firmly, but gently and rolling my tongue around it before letting it go and then sucking on her breast and kneading the soft, firm flesh.

Recovering her sense of purpose, she moved both hands to my face, pulling it to within an inch of hers. Our eyes met in total lust and I saw her eye-lashes up close. They were dark, groomed, so sexual. She rained kisses upon my face, all over my mouth, my cheeks, under my eyes, on my eye-lids, her heavy breath coming now in short gasps as her frenzy grew. My fingers were still in her cunt, rhythmically fucking her hole. Every few strokes I had to push a little harder as she shifted and her cunt tightened like a tiny vice around my wet fingers.

She whimpered into my face, “make me cum – please – make me cum, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me.” I quickened the pace in her cunt, my thumb stroking her clit. I moved my free hand to her back and ran my fingers down the crack of her ass, as I used one foot to spread her legs wider. I felt the entrance to her tight little ass as my hand moved down. I stopped a second and circled around her ass-hole as she moaned again into my ear. “You fucken bastard,” she shouted into my ear as I finger-fucked her cunt and probed her ass. “You fucking tease, you prick.” She was hot now and my cock, aching with anticipation, throbbed again as she talked dirty.

I don’t know how long we were like that, she backed up against the elevator wall, one gorgeously firm and pert breast exposed like a ripe fruit, her white shirt hanging torn at both sides, her skirt half off, and me with one hand in her pussy, the other alternately stroking up and down her ass or squeezing her magnificent cheeks as my hard cock rubbed against the silky panties now resting below her cunt. Her breathing became shorter, sharper, more urgent, she began to gulp her breaths and moan as her orgasm built. Then she suddenly froze and her pussy shook around my hand as she came. Little yelps of “oh” and “fuck” and “yes, yes, yes” tumbled over each other as her whole body was seized by the orgasm. 

I looked in wonderment at her face. It was tense, then utterly relaxed. She smiled, then grimaced as the waves of pleasure spread through her body. Then there was a moment of total stillness and her face was engulfed by a calm bliss. I thought she looked so lovely, so beautiful, so vulnerable. Sensitive now, she pushed my hand away from her pussy, suddenly aware of the urgency of time, grinned lasciviously at me, and dropped to her knees in front of me. 

She took my organ into her hands and directed the head at her mouth. I gasped as I felt the warmth of her breath. I looked down and saw the engorged head of my cock entering her mouth, her succulent lips immediately beginning to suck and squeeze. And did she know how to suck a cock! She focussed on the head, sucking at it almost violently, her tongue fighting its way into the tiny hole at the tip. She would move back and forward from the tip of my cock to the ridge of the circumcised head, allowing her teeth to gently nip at the head and to drag along the sensitive skin.

I held her wonderful head in my hands as she sucked and fucked my cock. Every stroke took her further along my shaft. Every back stroke was accompanied by her fingers caressing the length of the shaft. Her fingernails glided along my cock and I was overcome by the multitude of sensations she was creating. I knew I wouldn’t last long at this rate, but I fought to hold back the rush of sperm as I pulled her face to my crotch and fucked her mouth. 

“Suck that cock,” I commanded her. “You beautiful little slut.” Some of her hair fell about my cock as she sucked and then she suddenly took my balls in one hand, squeezing them firmly and sending the most exquisite waves of pleasure through my body. As she fondled my nuts, she quickened her pace on my cock and I knew I was about to cum. “You fucking horny little bitch,” I whispered at her and she moaned around my dick. That was all it needed at that point and I felt the warm rush of sperm from the depths of my groin into the tip of my cock. Every man knows the sensation, the unstoppability of the orgasm at that final stage. I exploded into her mouth, felt her tongue under the tip of my cock and looked down to see some of the white fluid dribble down the side of her mouth onto her chin.

I took hold of my cock and stroked the shaft firmly. As my fist masturbated my spurting dick, she reached again for my balls, this time squeezing them hard. A large glob of cum rushed out and landed on her exposed breast and she instantly raised a hand to spread it over her erect nipple. A third stream hit the floor of the elevator as the intensity of the moment began to subside.

And there we were, suddenly quiet in the immobilised elevator, except for our heavy breathing and gasping. “Are you all right?” she asked…

She was looking directly at me as the fantasy faded into the nothingness of the elevator. The doors creaked open and she was suddenly silhouetted in the light. All I could hear was her voice, a sensual, quizzical female voice. 

“I didn’t realise it was you, Simon,” she said.

“Rachel,” I said, somewhat stupidly.

“Are you all right?”

“I just need a drink of water,” I said. It was lame, but nothing else came into my distracted mind.

“Okay,” she said, not sounding totally convinced. “This is my floor,” she continued. “I have to go.”

“Okay, I’m okay,” I said, wanting to say something else, anything else, but unable to find the words.

She looked me up and down. A faint smile creased her lips, she nodded, and turned. I looked down and saw the lewd protuberance of my hardened penis stretched against the fabric of my pants. 

Startled, I looked up again, but she was gone.