 We're on our way up to our hotel room in Las Vegas after a wonderful evening of gambling and music. You are dressed to kill in a shimmering green evening gown, low-cut with a high hemline, showing your legs and cleavage to their full effect. We're both anxious to get back to our room, but suddenly the elevator lights go out and the elevator stops. 

After a second, the red emergency lighting turns on, but the elevator doesn't move. We wait a few minutes, anxiously, but the elevator still doesn't move so I pick up the emergency telephone and wait for someone to answer. After what seems like an eternity, a voice comes on and tells me there is an electrical malfunction, and that an engineer is on the way to fix it. In the meantime, we're stuck in the elevator.

"Dammit," you say. "I just wanna get back to our room, honey! I need you so bad! I've been thinking about it all night!"

I move over to you, and take you into my arms. Holding you tight, I kiss you softly on the lips and then whisper into your ear "It's okay, sweetie, I'm sure they'll have us out soon." Then I flick my tongue against your earlobe and you melt into my arms, your body molding itself to mine. I bite down gently on your ear, and my hands grab your ass to pull you even closer against me so you can feel how hard I am. "I've been thinking about you, too," I whisper as my hands pull your dress up.

You gasp in shock and push me away giggling and squealing out "Not here in the elevator! Someone might see us!" I pull you back and kiss you hard on the mouth, my lips full of passion as I drive my tongue between your lips and then suck gently on them. I break the kiss long enough to say "We'll hear them coming in before they can see anything, or the elevator will start moving. Why should we wait?" You melt again in my arms, this time your hands grabbing my ass to pull me against you. 

My cock throbs hard inside my jeans, and you moan into my mouth as we kiss again, our passion overcoming our reason. I fall to my knees and push your dress up to your waist, then pull your thong down to your ankles. My lips kiss passionate trails along your belly and down towards your cleanly shaven pussy, and your knees quiver in anticipation. Not wanting to keep you waiting too long, my tongue draws its way down between the folds of your pussy seeking out your clit. Your juices begin to flow as I trace outlines of love on your pussy, and my tongue finally flits against your clit. You cry out loudly in pleasure as my tongue slides hard across your clitoris. 

My hands grab your ass and pull your pussy hard against my face as I lick and kiss your hot pussy. You grind your hips against my face as my tongue alternates between lashing your clit and driving into your pussy, the soft stubble of my freshly-trimmed goatee giving extra sensations to you. You cry out as your first orgasm hits, and I feel your juices bathing my face as I keep licking and nibbling at your clit and labia.

You moan "Oh God, please fuck me now," so I stand up and turn you around. I unzip my pants, and pull my hard cock out of my jeans as you bend slightly at the waist, bracing yourself on the wall of the elevator. I quickly slide my cock deep into your pussy, and feel you wrap yourself around me. I lean forward, my tongue flashing out to lick your ear as I slowly glide my throbbing shaft in and out of your clenching pussy. My hands run up and down your body, squeezing your breasts as I slowly fuck you. You moan under your breath "Oh shit, that feels so good" as I drive my cock deep inside you, filling your hungry cunt. 

One hand still squeezing one of your breasts and rubbing your nipple, I run my other hand down between your legs and slide it across your clit as I begin to fuck you faster. You moan louder this time at the dual sensation of my hand on your clit and my cock deep inside your pussy, and I feel the walls of your snatch pulsate as you hit another orgasm. Your knees shaking wildly, you can barely hold yourself up as I ram my hot cock deeper and harder into your pussy. Just before I'm about to come, the earth seems to shudder...with a shock, we realize that the elevator is moving again and we scramble to make ourselves decent again.

When the elevator finally reaches our floor and the doors open, we both burst out of the elevator like wild people, nearly knocking over a couple waiting in front of the elevator. Without a word of apology, we run to our room and I fumble to slide the key-card in the lock to open the door. Finally, cursing, I open the door and we fall inside and begin kissing frantically. Stumbling towards the bed, we rip at each other clothes in our haste to feel each other's naked flesh again. Once we finally get the offending clothes from our bodies, you push me down onto the bed. "You're in trouble now, mister. That was very naughty what you did." I grin defiantly up at you, and you crumble down on top of me, impaling yourself on my still rigid cock.

You whisper in my ear "And I loved every minute of it" as you ride up and down on my stiff manhood. Your mouth plasters itself to mine as my hands grab your ass and help guide you up and down on my dick. Your pussy grips me tight as you hit another climax, and I groan into your mouth as you fuck me harder and faster. My balls tingle as I feel my orgasm getting close again, and I begin to gyrate my hips up and down in time with your thrusts. 

You sit up straight, squatting over my cock and pushing yourself up and down harder and faster, so I grab one of your nipples and squeeze it hard as my other hand reaches out to take your clit between thumb and forefinger. You scream in pleasure and your entire body shakes as you come yet again, and this time your pussy is squeezing my cock so hard I can't hold back anymore. With a loud grunt, my cock spews its cum deep inside you and you jerk yourself up and down on me to milk out ever last drop. You collapse on my chest, and I wrap my arms around you and kiss you tenderly as we snuggle and enjoy our post-coital warmth. Finally, you roll off of me and whisper "I hated elevators until tonight."