 After the boring staff meeting, I was feeling so hot that I almost couldn't control myself. He was sitting next to me during the entire meeting and it was so difficult to concentrate. We had been coworkers for over a year and, from the first day that I met him, I was attracted to him. We had become close friends, traveling on short road trips and having many one-on-one meetings about the project. We kept the flirting secretively and it became very intense at times. I could feel the sexual chemistry every time we were together and I'm sure he did too. 

Before returning to my office, I followed him up the stairs to the administration offices so I could check my mail. As we climbed the stairs, we threw a few flirtatious comments towards each other, laughing giddily. I noticed that his collar on his shirt was twisted under his sweater, so I asked him to wait. I wanted to straighten it for him.

"Wait a minute while I fix something," I said.

He stopped on the stair above me and I reached up to adjust his collar. I wanted to grab him then and there, but didn't. 

"You know how much I love the back of your neck," I whispered with a giggle, referencing a previous conversation that we'd had when I confessed that the smooth back of his neck turned me on.

"You can nuzzle it," he said and smiled. "That's not cheating, is it?"

I smiled as we approached the door to the 2nd floor. There was an elevator right outside the entrance. He pressed the elevator button and glanced at me.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Thought I'd take a ride, wanna come?" he said with a devilish grin.

"Sure, I guess."

The elevator doors opened and he stepped inside. It was empty. I hesitated, but he reached his hand towards me. As I extended my arm, he pulled me into the elevator just as the doors closed. Looking into his seductive deep blue eyes I wondered what was he up to. 

As soon as the elevator doors closed, he flipped the Stop button and the elevator shut down. Luckily there was no emergency alarm. There we were between floors and no one knew. He slowly walked towards me and pressed his body against mine. I felt myself getting flush. He put his palms flat on the elevator wall, one on each side of me, and pinned me against the wall. As he pressed his body against mine, I instantly felt a bulge in his pants. I was flattered. 

He looked into my eyes and almost forcefully said, "Nuzzle my neck."

"Here? Now?" I asked.

"Yeah," he said. "It'll be our secret."

I reached up and put my arms around his neck, gently pulled his head into my chest, closed my eyes, and placed my lips and nose on the back of his neck. I inhaled. Oh, he smelled so good. I slowly rubbed my soft cheeks and lips on the back of his neck and he let out a breathy moan. I softly kissed and licked his skin, relishing in his taste.

His hands started exploring my body. He reached around to my back and then slowly moved his hands to my ass, all the while immersing himself in the scent between my breasts. He gathered my soft suede mini skirt up around my waist and then reached around. I was wearing a thong. 

"Nice ass," he whispered.

I bit the back of his neck, I wanted to devour him. I kissed and nuzzled his neck as he had so seductively requested. As he rubbed my ass, I reached in front and felt his hardness. 

I stroked it until he said, "It's yours if you want it." 

Oh boy, did I want it. I wanted to rub it on my face and engulf it in my warm, wet mouth. But I was torn. I was married, and so was he. But my desires and passion were taking over. I couldn't think straight.

I slowly lowered my body and kneeled in front of him. As I unzipped his pants, he moved back to lean on the wall of the elevator. As he got comfortable, I reached into his pants and felt his hard cock, longing to be touched. With fervor, I pulled it out and began rubbing his soft, velvety head on my cheeks. I closed my eyes and drifted off into a fantasyland. It was just him and me, no one had to ever know. I just hoped that this wouldn't affect our friendship and working relationship. 

Over my eyelids and nose, my supple lips and soft cheeks, I played with his cock until he could stand it no longer. The smooth warm skin of his head felt so soothing on my face. I wanted to feel him with all my senses. My tongue gently teased the tip and I wanted it all. I eagerly covered his dark head with my warm, wet mouth and began to circle it with my tongue. I suddenly engulfed it down the shaft until it hit the back of my throat. I just couldn't get enough of him. I moved my head back and forth, sucking and driving him crazy. He reached out and cupped the back of my head, pushing his cock deeper into my mouth.

"You really do like this!" he said quietly. "I thought you were joking." Several weeks ago we had been joking about oral sex and he asked if I liked to give and receive. I had told him I liked both "too much." He obviously hadn't forgotten what I had said.

I couldn't respond with anything other than looking up at him and nodding, all the while sucking him to ecstasy. His cock was perfect, not too large. It was like a key in a lock and my mouth was the lock. I devoured it like it was my last meal, and he just continued to moan softly and enjoy the show. 

Suddenly, he pushed my head away, grabbed me by the shoulders, and lifted me so I was standing. He aggressively pushed me against the wall of the elevator and kissed me, exploring my mouth with his wet tongue. The kiss was so passionate, like two sex-crazed teenagers. 

I wasn't sure what to do. A few weeks ago, we promised each other that we wouldn't 'cross the line,' but that line had always been somewhat gray to me. I knew that intercourse was out of the question, or was it? I was so hot that I wanted him to take me right there.

His kisses followed down my neck and to my chest. He quickly undid the buttons on my silk blouse, revealing my large breasts in a lacy bra. It didn't take long for him to push the material aside and release my tits. He kissed and sucked the nipples until they were so hard I had to push him away. My whole body had chills. He then took his tongue and traced down my stomach in a straight line until he was at my waist. 

His hands reached around to my ass and he asked, "Hmmm. What do we have here?" joking as he approached the area below the waist of my skirt.

He put his hands back under my suede skirt, grabbed the waistband of my thong and in one swift tug, pulled them down around my ankles. I knew what I wanted, and so did he. He lifted the front of the skirt and sunk his face into my dark pussy. I lifted one leg and rested it on his shoulder when I felt his tongue dive inside my slit. I was so wet that I could smell the sex. 

As his tongue circled my clit, my legs were getting weak. I reached behind to grab hold of the halfrail in the elevator. I had to hold myself up so I wouldn't fall down. He licked my juices and put one finger inside me. Just when I thought I was going to explode, he stood up and thrust into me with his hard cock. I rode his cock like the naughty wife that I was.

"Are we being bad?" he asked. I had never seen that look of passion and desire in his eyes before.

I shook my head in mock disbelief and said, "You will never get away with this, you know. Now you are going to want me more and more." 

With that, we both climaxed. I had the most powerful orgasm that I have ever had and I could tell from his restraining moans that he was having a great one too. 

From that day on we had our little secret, but riding the elevator will never be the same again.