 ***This is chapter three of a multi-part series. You'll want to read the preceding chapters first to get to know the characters and setting. If you have feedback, feel free to share it. Send me a message or write a comment. I hope everyone understands this is fiction. If you're anonymous and complain something is offensive or unsexy, I honestly couldn't care less.

Immediately after our intern meeting, our boss, Mr. Sumrall, headed back to headquarters and Elise and I found ourselves in our small office. It had been a consequential walk, because Cody had as good as made public their tryst with the plant manager. But we quickly moved on.

Our office was actually a small internal room with two tables serving as desks, a couch, and no windows at the end of a little used hall. There was a minute of quiet as we started to boot up our work stations, and then Elise got up and came over to me.

"Kevin, I'm so sorry about last night and this morning," she said. It sounded like she meant it, and there was a lot emotion in her words. Her voice was even but waivered a bit. I don't want to say she was on the verge of crying, but it seemed there was that possibility.

"I think I know how things started, but it was just so crazy how it ramped up and continued. It was unprofessional do that to you at a work dinner. It was a bitch move to have you catch me making out with him -- just a few weeks after...our own experience. And it was bad that you had to come in and see me like I was this morning."

She put her head down in her hands. Again, she wasn't crying. She just looked numb. I'm sure she was exhausted. If she'd slept, it wasn't for more than a few minutes at a time. Maybe it was a moral hangover. Maybe, though, she just might not like to have her debauchery hurt anyone.

"Elise, I won't say I was happy about last night or this morning, but I hope you realize that I don't think you're a terrible person. I do think there's some things you need to work out, but you're young. If you want to cut loose every now and then, go for it. My unsolicited advice to you is that you keep things above board when there's a big work obligation—especially if it affects us both. I'm glad I could help this morning, but that obviously put me in an awkward spot."

"I'll keep my shit together," she conceded.

In my head, I was thinking her shit was probably far from together after the ass pounding she got at 3:00 a.m. this morning. But, hey, you've got to keep some things to yourself.

...

That weekend, we both stayed pretty close to our apartment. Elise came over to hang out, and it was great. We watched movies, cooked some food, explored the area a little. But we didn't have any drinks. Alcohol seemed to be the lighter fluid for Elise's sex-drive fire, and she seemed to be deliberately avoiding it to cool off following her marathon sex session with Cody.

It was weird, but I couldn't believe how quickly we settled into hanging out, not giving much thought to our own hookup or Elise's other activities. In fact, I don't think she had any idea how much I knew how much of her evening.

The Invite

After our laid back weekend, the work week passed rapidly. We kept coming in as usual, doing our normal tasks, just anxious to find out the status of our 'emergency work.' We had both cancelled our 4th of July vacation plans for the upcoming weekend, and we had both mentally prepared ourselves to hunker down in the office.

That made it particularly nice when we got the following e-mail:

***

To:Summer Intern Class

From:Sumrall, Vincent

Date:July 1

Re:Reprieve & Invite

I have just learned that the rumblings about a regulatory audit of the Pinewood plant will not happen in the next six months. I cannot explain why at this time. But you should take this as a reprieve! I'm sorry we had to put everyone in panic mode, but these things happen. If we had ignored the threat and dropped the ball, a lot of people could have lost their jobs.

In an effort to make up for your scuttled 4th plans, I invite each of you to join me at my mountain house for a relaxing weekend today through Monday. Food, drinks, and entertainment on me. Here is a link for directions. 

VS

***

After receiving the unexpected reprieve from working over the 4th of July weekend, it was amazing that Elise and I were going to be able to not only take a few days off but also spend a long weekend Mr. Sumrall's mountain cabin. Elise told me that she had never been there, but her parents had been for the weekend. Based on the description, it sounded like we were in for an amazing weekend.

But also, this afternoon? I hadn't brought all my things to Pinewood. I had left a lot of casual clothes at home. Elise told me she was in the same boat, she hadn't brought a bathing suit with her. Why would she? Did Pinewood even have a pool? Probably not one that she would use.

...

We finished up the tasks we were working on and then started driving to Mr. Sumrall's house together around 1:00 that afternoon. As the miles counted down to the destination, our excitement grew. We both needed this. After a stressful couple of weeks, it could not be overstated how opportune a time this holiday was for our summer. I was also excited to see the other interns. We had not had any real connection with Jack, Ryan, Michael or Chris since pre-orientation. All six of us would occasionally be on an e-mail chain, but those were typically just messages where the firm relayed some helpful hints or suggested readings. There weren't any inter-intern personal chats, so we had no idea if the others were killing it at work, enjoying their living situation, or whatever else.

"Uhhh, this is exactly what the doctor ordered," I sighed as I sunk down into the shotgun seat. Elise's family had had her car brought up somehow, so we had access to that. The highly effective AC and sound system in her Audi made the ride extremely enjoyable.

Elise and I were back to our normal back and forth...She was asking, "I know, no work for the next few days. But...you don't think Mr. Sunrall will ask us to do any work, do you?"

"I mean, he will if he was wrong about that audit, but I doubt he'll want to work over the 4th any more than we do."

"Yea, I don't think so either. He's known for throwing quite a party...and he's never been an uptight asshole about getting in the way of people's fun in the past."

"What do you mean?"

"Oh, I've been to a party or two of his," Elise said in a way that made it seem like a confession. "At his Christmas party the 'kids' downstairs had as much alcohol as the adults, and things got crazy."

"What happened?" I asked—trying to pry but trying not to seem like I wasn't prying. I could tell there was some story, probably salacious, buried here.

Elise glanced my way and smirked.

"Oh, just college kids with one or two glasses of champagne too many."

"Were you one of the ones who had a few too many?"

"What's that supposed to mean?" she asked in the coy tone of a woman exhibiting faux modesty.

"Nothing...it's just I know you have a...tendency...to have an enjoyable evening when you've had a few."

"Well, maybe," she conceded.

"I bet Cody wouldn't dispute 'maybe.'"

So there. I had thrown one of her known conquests in her face. Would she be pissed? Would she own it?

"I suppose Cody ... and you ... have seen that side of me."

"I like that side when I'm involved."

"Me too," she giggled and threw a wink my way.

...

We finally pulled off a mountain road onto the cabin's driveway about 5:30 that evening. The gravel road was long, filled with cutbacks, and led up a mountain for a while. It was only in the last twenty-five yards that we actually caught sight of the cabin, and it was a narrow view because it was hidden between so many trees. As we swung through the drive and out in front of the main house we saw that the 'mountain cabin' that was described to us was actually more like a mountain villa. The place was huge, and it was unbelievable. Sure, the architect had set out with the idea of a log cabin, but the added size and scope of the structure moved it very much past a cabin. It had a dark wood frame exterior, and every detail showed that the 'rugged' aspects of architecture were incorporated with an exquisite eye for luxury.

We climbed out of Elise's car and went right for the door. It was only a few seconds after we rang the bell when Mr. Sumrall opened the door.

"Hey guys, welcome!" he smiled as he opened the door, shook my hand, and gave Elise a kiss on the cheek. "Come on in. I'll show you around and let you into your rooms so you can settle in."

"Thanks so much for having us, Mr. Sumrall," we both said in unison.

"Not a problem, I think this is going to be a fun weekend, and please, I beg you, let your hair down and enjoy yourselves this weekend. I know that I'm the boss, but I do hope you can relax and enjoy yourselves. I suppose that can start by calling me Vince."

"Ok, Vince," Elise exclaimed with a full dose of sass.

"First things first, Kevin, you will be in the main house with the other guys. Jack, Ryan, and Michael are already here and settled. Elise, you will be out in the pool house. Mrs. Sumrall - and she's still 'Mrs. Sumrall' to you should she ever come up - wanted the ladies to be separated from the lads. Propriety and all that."

"Mr. Sumr...I mean Vince, you mentioned Jack, Ryan, and Michael, is Chris not going to be able to make it?" I asked.

Vince stopped dead in his tracks and turned to us.

"I suppose I have forgotten to keep everyone updated. Chris was actually let go from the internship program earlier this week," Vince noted in a half grave tone.

"Oh my god, why?" Elise asked with a mix of genuine astonishment and scandalous curiosity.

"As you both have learned, you submit periodic reports which give us real-time looks at client-specific data. Those aren't for fun, the firm actually uses those and they have been incredibly valuable - particularly the reports from the two of you. Based on that we have a pretty good idea of the amount of work a person puts in. You can only show up and fake it so much. Well, Chris was submitting about 40% of the work as the rest of the group. We looked at it, alerted him twice, and he never picked it up. Eventually, IT took a look at his computer and found it had been eating up bandwidth on porn sites. That is obviously not okay at work."

All Elise and I could do during this bombshell was nod and say "mmhmm" and "oh." It was obviously a big deal to be fired from the internship. Chris would have to explain a missed summer, and it was a black mark on our school's business program.

"I tell you the circumstances because we thought it was important to be internally transparent about the whole thing. We do ask that you not broadcast it. It doesn't reflect well on him, but it also doesn't look good for the firm either. Now that you know that, the partnership also wanted to let you know that we're not looking over your shoulders at every turn. I don't have the time or the energy to nanny your internet traffic. So long as the work gets done, I'm fine with most things. But my piece of unsolicited professional advice of the day is to leave the porn to personal devices and personal time."

"Roger that," Elise injected.

I laughed at that for some reason because I thought it would have been a problem solely for the boys. I was premature, though, because Elise and Vince were giving each other a look.

"So —" with eyes that looks directly at Elise, Vince said, "welcome to personal time."

...

In the first ten feet of our tour we turned into a hall which led from the front door to the combined living/kitchen/dining room. I had never seen anything like it. The massive room sprawled out and was only constrained by a ceiling that was at least twenty-five feet high. It took up whole back of the villa and the entire back wall was a huge expanse of glass overlooking picturesque mountains bookcasing the most gorgeous valley you could imagine. We were so high up, you could take in the entire valley that was in the distance. Immediately in front of us, I could see that there was a huge infinity-pool, wrapping around both sides of the obtuse-angled rear of the house. The portion to the left tapered off at a secluded and shady thicket of mountain woods. To the right, the pool flared out to a conventional pool that had a deep end, a water slide, a basketball hoop, and a hot tub that fed in. Geez.

And that was the exterior view. When I turned around to house's interior, I was almost as impressed. The kitchen seemed to have enough equipment to handle a restaurant's worth of cooking. The family room had deep, leather couches facing an immense TV. The dining room could seat...god, I don't know how many people could sit around the table. Twenty-five?

Over the next ten minutes, we got a complete tour of the house and grounds. It started in the main cabin, er, I mean villa. I saw my room and saw that it had its own full bath and overlooked the mountains, valley, and the pool.

Next, Vince showed us the other three boys' rooms. Jack and Ryan had views to either side of the house (not as good as mine, thank you) and Michael had biggest room down a long hall, but it was off by itself and overlooked the road.

Finally, Elise and I were led out of the back door of the villa, across the main pool area, and into the pool house that was to the far right of the back of the house, occupying the back corner of the main pool area. And god almighty even that was amazing. Half of the poolhouse had a huge sliding door opening from the pool area to a good-sized sitting room replete with an indoor/outdoor bar, plush couches, and a TV. Elise's quarters were in a loft above the poolhouses's common area, accessible via a wooden stepladder. Vince showed us how easily you could close the doors and get complete privacy from the villa and pool.

The other half, sheltered by the log cabin wood exterior, contained an entry room leading off to three features: a sauna, a steam room, and a small, open shower between them.

"Why on earth would you need three showers?" I asked.

Vince and Elise laughed at that.

"Sometimes you need the wet, the dry, and the cleansing to get you through the day," answered Vince. And that was the tour.

...

Shortly after the tour ended, Elise and I put our bags down in our respective rooms. Before we were able to unpack, we heard the chime signaling that we should go down to the kitchen. We saw that the group had collected at the back of the house, and Vince put a large Waterford glass of pinot noir in our hands. In a sigh of contentment, I exhaled and realized where we were: at the back of a fucking villa, in front of the infinity pool, overlooking the most beautiful landscape I had ever seen, smack dab in the middle of magic hour. When I imagined what the rich and powerful did, this was it.

"Cheers, friends. I hope that you all have an eventful weekend," Vince raised his glass and toasted.

All of us raised our glasses and toasted. I took a short sip of the red wine and realized my pull was a lot less than every other person in the circle. Almost every person emptied at least half their glass on their first toast. That seemed like a lot considering Vince price-dropped that this wine was $160 a bottle.

There was, however, only one person that finished their wine entirely after the first toast, and that was Elise. Vince was johnny on the spot to refill her glass the second she emptied the first one.

Breaking in the Cabin

After everyone had a few glasses of wine, Vince unveiled a beautiful dinner that had been prepared. I don't know who made it. I didn't see him cooking and I didn't see anyone else cooking, but all of a sudden I looked up and there were trays of food creating a buffet line that we marched down. And it was delicious. Oh my was it good. I had baby back ribs, pulled pork, and grilled chicken. For sides there was gourmet mac and cheese, green beans, and cornbread. It was all very mountain-y, but at the same time it was first class.

Dinner, overall, lasted about two hours. By the time all the food was cleared it was about 9:30. Everyone by that point had had several full plates of food and many glasses of wine, so the group conversation opened up. I was talking with Jack and Ryan. They were intern pairs at a commercial depot in a medium sized city. They said their location was close to some fun things, unlike us, but that they rarely went out because of the demands of the job.

I looked over and saw that Elise, Vince, and Michael were chatting a few feet away. By this point, I had no idea how much wine Elise had consumed, because her wine glass never seemed to get less full. As soon as she took a few sips, Vince or Michael would pour some more from a bottle always keeping it full. She didn't ask for this or complain, she simply played her social cues and kept the conversation going.

Well, she did more than that. As the hours ticked by she got more flirtatious with everyone. She would grab your arm, pull you in and giggle as opposed to simply laughing. For the first time since her night with Cody, she was looking more than just tipsy and actually getting drunk. I had hopes for that. But I also knew that it could go a lot of directions.

...

At about 11:00, the catch-up conversations had mostly run their course. Noticing a lull, Vince proposed we take a take a nightcap in the pool or hot tub.

"That sounds lovely," Elise said with an increasing slur, "but Kevin and I don't have any suits, remember? We still need to go into town tomorrow and get some essentials."

"Hmm, if I recall I think there are some suits in the bureau in the pool house that might work for you. I recall your sizes, and those should do nicely," Vince said.

"Isn't that convenient," she said, toying with him.

"Chance favors the prepared mind."

As Elise went to check on the items in the bureau while the other members of the group split off. Michael, Jack, and Ryan went off to change into the bathing suits they apparently had enough time to pack. Vince got a call from his wife, and went inside to take the call. I just stood there. I didn't have a suit and figured I'd just wait to see what other people did. Maybe it was time to turn in for the night.?. I was pretty exhausted from the week and had had more wine than I was used to.

Night Swimming

After a few minutes, I saw the sliding glass door open across the pool. Elise peered back and forth around the pool and, nervously, walked over to the hot tub. She had apparently found something in the pool house, because she had changed and was wearing a pink silk robe. It came down about a quarter way down her thigh, and the moonlight and exterior lights drank up her amazing-looking legs.

"Kevin, is Vince around?" Elise whispered somewhat hesitantly.

"No, his wife called and he took it inside. What's up?" I answered.

"I need to scold him for his pool house's choice of swimwear. There's nothing in there that's a proper fit for me."

"It seems like you put something on," I said.

"Yea, but I'm a little nervous about it."

With a flourish, she untied the belt and threw the robe onto a nearby chair. I thought my eyeballs were going to explode. She stood in front of me in a white one piece bathing suit. Normally, you would think the one piece was the demure option, but this one had other thoughts. Overall, the suit was maybe a size or two too small, so the material was thinly spread over what it did decide to cover - and it highlighted every gorgeous curve.

Without a doubt, the very first thing you noticed about it was the plunging neckline that seemed to go almost all the way down to her belly button. It exposed a glorious amount of cleavage. But that wasn't the only glory done to her boobs by the suit. You see, the arm holes of the suit were cut large enough and extended low enough that the front of the suit couldn't wrap all the way to the outside of her chest. That left more than a hint of side boob. The effect was amazing, her inner boob cleavage was there, the side boob was there, and the tight material revealed the enticing texture of her rapidly enlarging nipples.
