 Janie leaned back in her office chair and stretched, groaning as the knots of tension that had formed between her shoulder blades began to release. She dropped the last expense report in the open file folder on her desk and sighed, relieved to be done with the hours of extra work. 

She checked the clock; nearly 7pm. Everyone else in the office would be long gone, considering not only did most people finish their day at five, but it was also Valentine's Day. All the people who were in couples were rushing off to their dinners and dates, and all the people who were singles were either rushing off to their 'singles parties' or their tubs of ice cream and bottles of booze at home. She herself was single, and while she hadn't planned on anything exciting tonight (she had never really cared for Valentine's Day, even when she had been with someone), she certainly hadn't planned on staying at work for an extra couple of hours of overtime. Once 4:30 hit though, she found the pile of expense reports was dwindling at a much slower rate than she had expected, and figured she might as well stay and finish them if she had no plans for the night anyway.

She reached over to her radio and switched off the classical music that had been playing. It helped her focus as well as relax, and she always enjoyed listening to it. She thought about maybe practising her Cello when she got home that night...it had been awhile, and she could stand to lose herself in the music. It had been a stressful week. 

She locked up her office and left, her heels clicking loudly on the tiled floor, echoing off the walls, amplifying the fact that she was the only one left in the building. She reached the elevator and hit the button, humming to herself a part of the last Concerto that had played on the radio. The elevator stopped and the door opened, revealing an attractive man standing inside and holding a briefcase. He politely smiled at her and she stepped in, and she registered with surprise that she wasn't the only one left in the building, as she had originally thought. As they descended the 11 floors to get to the parking lot, she stood awkwardly, cursing herself for not entering the elevator slightly later or slightly earlier. She would have to enter the elevator at the exact moment the only other person in the building was on it. She fiddled with her briefcase as she stood. She was never one for small talk, and being in an elevator with a stranger (especially an attractive man in a suit), she always felt the need to make conversation. 

"Long day?" the stranger asked. She cursed herself again. He beat her to it, and now she felt rude for not speaking first.

"Yes," she replied. "I thought I was the only one left in the building, actually. Yourself?" 

"Yeah. Had to finish up a big pile of paperwork. Gotta love it!" He joked. She smiled and politely laughed, then turned back to watch the numbered lights above the elevator door fade as they descended. She groaned inwardly as she realized they still had 5 floors to go.

Suddenly, the elevator shuddered and she lost her balance, and she fell into the elevator wall, her arm hitting it roughly. She heard a loud bang, followed by a screeching sound, and another bang, as the elevator jerked to a halt.

"Oh, shit." said the man next to her. "That's never good. Are you alright?" he turned to her, noticing that she was rubbing her elbow where it hit the wall.

"I'm fine, thank you" she replied. "And you?" he looked fine, and he certainly hadn't fallen into the wall like an idiot, she thought to herself. 

"Yes, I'm alright." He moved to the number panel and lifted the elevator phone receiver, holding it to his ear. As he waited, Janie took the opportunity to look him over. He really was quite attractive, she thought. Taller than her by a few inches, he had dark brown hair that was longer than most men, but combed and styled nicely, with a small curl hanging in front of his forehead. She loved his eyes, a gorgeous blue with smile lines all around them. She also noticed how good his rear end looked in his pants, and figured he must work out regularly to look that good in a suit. She remembered how long it had been since she worked out, and sucked her stomach in, smoothing her blouse down. She watched him wait for a few moments, then he hung up. "No answer from building maintenance." He said.

"They're probably out doing the rounds in the building. This is when they do the general cleaning and fix-ups that they can't do during the day. We'll just have to wait and try again in a little while." She said. Despite the fact that she was stuck in an elevator with an attractive man, Janie's disappointment at missing her quiet evening alone must have shown on her face, for he asked, "Big Valentine's date tonight? That's too bad. Hopefully they can get us out of here soon."

"Oh!" Janie giggled and blushed (which she promptly cursed herself for) then responded "No, no date. Unless you count an hour with my Cello and a glass of Pinot as a date." 

"I do," he smiled, "Provided you count an hour in front of the hockey game with a beer also a date. Those were my big plans tonight. I'm Thomas by the way. Tom." He stretched out his hand, and Janie took it, noticing how big and strong his hand looked when her own dainty hand clasped his. "Janie," she said. "I work in Accounting. Yourself?"

"Sales." Tom replied. "14th floor." 

"Well, Tom from sales. It's nice to meet you. Looks like we've got a bit of time to get to know each other while we wait for our rescue," she smiled. 

****

"Good answer!" Tom said as he laughed and popped another M&M in his mouth. There was an open bag on the floor between them, courtesy of his briefcase, and they had been sharing it over the past hour. They sat facing each other, backs to the wall and legs outstretched in front of them.

"Okay, I have another one", he continued. "If you had to pick between flying in a really tiny airplane hundreds of feet up in the air, or sitting in a really tiny submarine way below the ocean's surface...which would you choose?"

Janie considered the question, then answered "Airplane. Something about being at the bottom of the ocean, surrounded by water and dangerous creatures is too terrifying to contemplate."

Tom smiled and said "Yeah, I agree. Let's take the airplane, then." 

Janie agreed and tossed another M&M into the air, catching it perfectly in her mouth. When she looked back, she noticed that Tom had been watching her, a fact that he didn't try to hide.

"What?" She asked, suddenly worried. Knowing her, she probably had chocolate all over face and looked like an idiot. 

"Nothing," he responded. "I just like watching you do that." He grinned and nudged the bag of M&M's closer to her. "Do it again." 

She blushed again, but obligingly reached for another M&M, once again tossing it into the air and catching it perfectly into her mouth.

"Nice." He said quietly. She looked at him, and while he was still grinning, it was a much smaller and more intimate smile, the corners of his mouth curling up and his dimples flashing. She felt

herself grow warm and cleared her throat. 

"We should...um...probably try calling building maintenance again." She said. She pulled herself up to her knees and reached over to the elevator phone, picking it up. As she listened to it ring a few times, she felt Tom's gaze on her. She willed herself not to look back at him, for she knew she was blushing furiously at the sexual tension she was sure she was imagining, but she found herself glancing over at him. He was watching her, with that same small smile playing at his lips. Her eyes locked on his, and she knew she wasn't imagining the heat between them. As though in a trance, she slowly hung the phone back up, and found herself moving closer to him. He sat up and reached for her, and as soon as his hands touched her waist, he pulled her to him and kissed her. 

Janie was sure she was melting. She had never been kissed like that before. His mouth was so soft and warm, but he was kissing her like he owned her mouth, and she loved it. His tongue was softly darting into her mouth to meet hers, his hands keeping her close to him; one on her lower back and one in her hair. She whimpered as he intensified the kiss, and she gently bit down on his lower lip, making him gasp and moan. He pulled her over his lap and she straddled him, her skirt riding up past her thighs. He broke the kiss long enough to remove his jacket (and hers), then pulled her in for another kiss. She couldn't believe how good it felt to kiss him. Her mind was spinning and she was sure that tomorrow she would regret this, but at this moment all she could think about was how badly she needed him. He pulled away from her mouth, and although she began to protest, the words turned to moans as he gripped her hair and began to kiss his way up her neck. He nibbled on her earlobe and as he breathed into her ear "I can't believe how turned on I am right now. Janie, what are you doing to me?", something inside her broke. She needed him, now. 

She pulled and tugged at his tie, throwing it across the elevator. She ripped his shirt open, exposing a beautiful flat chest and strong arms. He released his hold on her and removed the rest of his shirt as she began to unbutton her own. Her blouse joined the tie and jackets in the corner, and as her hands went to his pants, his hands went to her bra. He gently nuzzled his face into her breasts, kissing the line wear the lacy fabric met her skin. He unclasped her bra and tossed it aside before wrapping his arms tightly around her waist and losing himself in her breasts. He kissed, licked and sucked on them, moaning and whispering things like "Your tits Janie...Jesus..they're so beautiful..." She smiled at his words and gripped his hair, forcing his head back and kissing him. Janie knew she was wet, and was very aware of how hard he was. 

"Please Tom," she whispered into his lips, "Please fuck me. Right here in this elevator." She surprised herself with her own crude language and her need for him. Tom was awakening something in her that had never been wakened before, and she was loving it. His eyes flashed as he heard her words, and he growled low in his throat. He reached behind her and unzipped her skirt, pushing it up towards her waist. He stroked his hands over the satin panties covering her ass, and as she stood up on her knees to allow him to remove them, he surprised her by stopping her with one hand on her waist. She stopped moving completely, and stayed straddling his legs, looking down at him as he leaned against the elevator wall. He continued to stroke her, bringing one finger up between her legs. He felt the wetness there and groaned, his eyes closing as he inhaled deeply to calm himself down. He wanted her badly, but he wasn't going to ruin this by finishing things too soon.

He gently stroked her through the satin, gently putting a little more pressure. He watched her respond, and loved every second of it. Her eyes were closed and her head was tilted to the side. She was biting her lip and gripping his arms tightly. He hooked a finger into her panties and worked them down a couple of inches, enough to give him more space to play. As he ran a finger along her folds for the first time, he almost came just from feeling how wet she was. 'My God,' he thought, 'her juices are practically running down my hand!' He continued to stroke her until she was trembling, and then he slowly inserted a finger inside her. She gasped and smiled, and so he inserted a second. 

"oooooooooh..." she moaned. He pulled his fingers in and out of her, slowly, and then brought his thumb to her clit. He rubbed it, and as she twitched he picked up his rhythm, pumping his fingers a little faster and rubbing her a little harder. Janie couldn't believe how good it felt, and began to move her hips, trying to get his fingers as deep as possible. 

"Do you like this, Janie?" Tom whispered. She opened her eyes and he was gazing at her with lust like she had never seen. 

"Yes," she moaned. "Oh God, yes, I love it!" At her words he gripped her waist and pulled her closer, so that his fingers found a new angle as they pumped into her. She put her hands on his shoulders to steady herself and kissed him, still moving her hips against his hand. She kissed him harder as he rubbed her clit faster, and when she began to tremble along with the moans, he knew she was close. He inserted a third finger and rubbed her clit faster. He knew he was giving her a good finger-fucking, and she was loving it. 

Suddenly, she threw her head back and inhaled sharply, gripping his shoulders hard. 

"Yesssssssss!!!!" She moaned as she came, bouncing up and down on his hand. He continued to stroke her even as her orgasm abated, and when she opened her eyes and looked at him, he knew that while she had cum hard, she wasn't nearly done. She pulled his hand out from between her legs and licked his fingers, enjoying the taste of herself on him. He groaned and said in a gravelly voice,"Oh, God Janie, you are so fucking hot!" She smiled and reached forward to undo his pants. She slowly peeled them off of him, along with his boxer briefs, beaming at the beauty of his hard cock. While she was at it, she pulled her skirt down over her legs and tossed it in the pile of clothes. 

"You better hope we don't get rescued to soon, Tom" she teased, then returned back to him. As she knelt back down over him, he suddenly grabbed her and pulled her close, kissing her passionately and making her moan once again. 

Suddenly he gripped her hair and pulled her head back, whispering low in her ear. "You want to be fucked now, Janie? Is that what you want?" Janie couldn't believe how much she loved him talking to her like that.

"Yes, Tom. Fuck me. Please." She whispered, her eyes stinging from how hard he gripped her hair. She loved it.

He released her hair and lifted her up slightly. He rose to his knees and sat back down, pulling her with him. He guided his cock to her entrance, and as she felt the tip of him enter her, she threw her head back and groaned. He grabbed her hair again and forced her to look at him. "Open your eyes Janie. Look at me while I enter you." She opened her eyes and looked at him. She had never seen any man look at her with such lust, and she realized how much she had been needing this and had never even known. 

"Please Tom!" she begged. When Tom heard her voice, breathless and begging, he couldn't take it anymore. He pushed her down hard as he lifted his hips, entering her quick and rough. She cried out at the pain and pleasure of his large cock impaling her so quickly. 

He wasted no time in getting a rhythm going, and as he fucked her, she rocked her hips forward and back with his hands on her hips to guide her. He knew he was stimulating her clit by the rocking sensation, causing her to writhe in pleasure. It was all he could do to just to hold on to her.

"Jesus...fucking...Christ...Tom...that....feels...so...fucking...GOOD!" she grunted with every thrust he gave. He couldn't take his eyes off her as she moved on him, her breasts bouncing with every motion. He sucked one of her nipples into her mouth and bit down gently. She gasped and brought her hands to his head, needing to pull him closer somehow, begging him for more.

He wasn't sure how much longer he could hold on for. Janie felt so good and turned him on so much he was forcing himself to focus so that he wouldn't cum too quickly, but he knew he wouldn't be able to focus for very long. In one smooth motion he lifted Janie off of him and laid her on her back, scattering the bag of M&M's everywhere as she struggled against him, desperate to feel him inside her again.

"Don't stop, Tom, please..." she begged, but he cut off her protests by leaning down and kissing her passionately, once again sending her mind reeling. He kissed her until she stopped struggling, then lifted her arms up above her head and pinned them to the elevator floor. She whimpered and arched her back at the pressure on her arms, displaying her breasts so beautifully he couldn't help but suck and nibble on them. She moaned again, and he tightened his grip on her arms.

"Mmmm...you like this, Janie?" He spoke low, sending shivers up her spine. "Do you like being controlled like this?" To prove how much he was in control, he bit harder on her nipple, holding her arms down as she reflexively started to push him away. Realizing she was at his mercy, she quit struggling and noticed how good it felt to be so submissive to him.

"Oh God, yes, I do, Tom..." she trailed off, her voice breathless.

"Then beg for it. Beg me again, Janie. I love hearing how badly you want it." He growled.

"Please fuck me, Tom!" She cried. "PLEASE! I need your cock in me so badly...please..." she whimpered, her body trembling with need.

He slammed into her, hard, and she cried out. He kept her arms pinned above her head as he pounded into her mercilessly, hard and fast. 

"Fuck Janie, you feel so fucking good...unh...yesss...oh Fuck...." he uttered moans and grunts with every thrust, loving how good she felt.

"Yes, Tom! YES! FUCK ME! OH GOD ... YES...FUCK ME... YES!" Janie cried. She wrapped her legs around him, pulling him in even deeper. "Fuck my pussy Tom...oh GOD...YES!!!" 

"I'm so close, Janie....oh FUCK..." Tom threw his head back and growled as he felt his balls tighten.

"Yes, Tom...yes...fucking pound my pussy..." Janie whimpered, "Fuck that feels SO GOOD...YES...UNH....YES!" Her cries got louder and louder as he pounded into her furiously. The sounds of his cock pounding into her wet pussy and his balls slapping her ass echoed off the elevator walls, mixing with their moans.

He picked up his pace, pounding her even faster. "Yeah, you love this cock, don't you, you slut?" He smacked her ass hard, making her howl and squirm with pleasure. "You love being fucked in this elevator....fucking whore...." He smacked her ass again, and at Janie's gutteral moan he knew she was about to cum. 

"YES...FUCK ME...I'M SUCH A FUCKING SLUT...OH GOD...YES...I'M GONNA CUM BABY!!!" She screamed.

"YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT, BITCH. FUCKING CUM FOR ME!" He roared as he pounded her furiously, sweat flying off of his forehead. He continued to thrust into her, his cock frothing the cream coming out of her pussy. 

"OH GOD...OH...FUCK...ING...GOD----YEEEEEESSSSSSSS!" Janie screamed as she came, her pussy squirting all over Tom's cock. He watched her writhe under him, and knew he couldn't hold it any longer.

"YES, BITCH....YOU'RE MAKING ME CUM....OH GOD....FUUUUUUCK" He threw his head back and swore loudly as he came, load after load shooting inside her.

He dropped to his elbows over her, panting, and looked down at her. They were both trembling and covered in sweat. Janie smiled up at him sleepily and pulled him in for a kiss. He obliged, kissing her softly and sweetly, overcome with emotion at what he had just shared with her.

"Happy Valentine's Day, Tom from sales." Janie whispered. Tom smiled and kissed her again, knowing full well that this would be the first of many Valentine's Days alongside Janie. He made a mental note to ensure the elevator wouldn't be working next February 14th, either.