 "That's it, I'm out," said Elise as she threw her controller on the couch and walked to the fridge. 

"Yo, grab me another beer. I have to keep loose in order to beat your shitty score," said Alex with a smile, throwing his empty beer can in the garbage.

"Take it easy on the beers Alex. I'm not letting you crash here again. I got too much crap from my boyfriend last time."

"He's a dick anyways, especially the way he treats you. You should find a man that respects you."

"Do you have any suggestions?"

Alex just looked at her and rolled his eyes. Elise smiled but inside she was dying. She knew her boyfriend was a jerk and she should dump his sorry ass, but she couldn't bring herself to do it. 

"So, what's your K/D on this match," she asked, trying to steer the conversation away from her boyfriend.

"Apparently you didn't get me my beer quick enough. I'm 12/20 and the match is over."

"Maybe you should stick to drinking water like the rest of us who aren't trying to kill our livers."

"Well maybe you should find a man who isn't afraid to put his dick in you."

There was silence for the longest time. Alex had thrown a low punch and Elise was having a hard time recovering. She had sworn him to secrecy about her boyfriend's multiple excuses as to why he couldn't have sex with her. It wasn't like they were virgins, they had done it be on several occasions. But over the past two years Elise felt like they had grown apart. All he ever did was work, eat, and sleep. Even on his off days sex was treated like a taboo. Elise felt so neglected and the fact that Alex was making fun of it was too much. Hot tears began to flood her face as she sat there, unable to say anything. She jumped a little when she felt Alex sit down and put his arm around her.

"Hey there, don't cry. I was just joking. I'm sorry. I know that was a terrible joke and I shouldn't have gone there, okay? Please stop crying. I can deal with everyone else's tears but not yours."

"You're an asshole, you know that. I've told you how awful I feel and how much it hurts to have him treat me like just some object, but I won't have you in my apartment making me feel worse. Just leave."

"Are you for real Elise," Alex asked, removing his arm and standing up.

"I'm for real, just go. I don't want to deal with this right now."

"No, I'm not going," Alex said as he began to take off his shirt, "That is just your problem, you never want to deal with anything that life throws at you. You won't dump your piece of shit boyfriend, you won't ask for a raise at work, and you won't even report hackers when we are playing video games. I am tired of trying to get this through your head with talk. So now, you've given me no choice but to fuck it into you.

Elise just stared as Alex unbuttoned his pant and pushed them down along with his boxers. His dick was ready to go, its seven inches standing proud and tall.

"Alex, you know I can't..." Elise started but then Alex grabbed her and lifted her shirt above her head. 

"Admit it, you've thought I was hot since day one. I see the way you look at me when we hang out together. I'm going to show you how a real man treats his woman."

Elise didn't say anything else but just nodded and unbuttoned her shorts, slid them down, and stepped out of them. Alex growled his approval and grabbed her, spun her around, and put his dick against her ass as he undid her bra. 

Feeling him rub against her ass made her super horny and she rubbed her ass against him, going in slow circles that made him harder. He pinched and squeezed her nipples, making her groan with pleasure. 

Then, quick as a flash, she was bent over the couch, her pussy high in the air for him to see in all its glory. This was what she needed, a good fucking.

Alex slid his dick up and down her pussy, teasing her clit with it and making her frustrated that he wouldn't just go ahead and put it in. He laughed at her angry sigh and suddenly he shoved his whole dick in her until his balls met her ass.

Elise had never felt so full in her life as she had at this moment and began thrusting with him, making each stroke go deeper and deeper inside of her. Before she knew it, an orgasm was building inside of her like she had never felt. It was like a liquid fire in her pussy and suddenly she exploded all over his cock.

Alex then grabbed her hips and began pumping furiously into her, his balls slapping her so hard she just knew that it would leave bruises. He then plunged himself as deep as he could into her and released his seed, the warm liquid dripping inside her and coating her vagina thoroughly. 

Alex pulled his softening dick out of her and grinned. Elise's mind was spinning from the magnificent fucking she had just gotten. It changed her perspective on quite a few things. Quickly she began to get dressed and soon she had her car keys in hand and was halfway out the door when Alex, who had managed to put his boxer on, caught her arm.

"Where in the hell are you going," he asked as she stood their tapping her foot impatiently.

"I'm going to make my life better, in more ways than one. You stay here. I'll be back in about an hour. I expect another great fucking when I come back to keep me going".

"You can count on me," Alex said laughing as he plopped on the couch and grabbed the controller. "I'll be here working on my K/D until you get back with that perfect pussy of yours."

"You're a great friend, be back soon".