 When Eliza caught Jason sleeping naked it came as a shock. He had always been the quiet, shy type and seeing him lying sprawled across his mattress, sheets wrapped incongruously around his body seemed out of place. It took a good effort on her part to even get him into swimming trunks and out of the shade when they went to the pool together. Now to see him in such a way, this normally reticent man, openly naked in the guest room excited her more than she would have believed. 

His cock, now resting peacefully on his inner thigh, gave her a start at first. In the time she'd known him she'd never thought of him in a sexual manner and now, as she anxiously studied the full of his body, she couldn't help but think of him in any other way. He was large, larger than she would have guessed. Larger even than any man she'd ever seen. Though he wasn't erect, he still looked thick as he rested. It weighed on his body, rising and gently falling with each breath. 

She crept closer and cautiously sat on the edge of the bed. Moonlight entered from the window, allowing her to see the shadows as they outlined his body. Jason was always cute though their relationship kept her from acting on any urges she might have. He was more of a little brother to her, her childhood friend from the hometown she had long since left, more likely to dump water balloons on her than date her. 

Time does strange things to people and in the years since she'd left, gone away to college and created her own life, Jason had grown into an attractive, well formed man. When she spotted him during her morning jog through the park, she had to look twice. Still not believing it she continued her exercise, only hear him running behind her yelling her name. On her run he kept pace and then followed it with a wind down at a juice bar on Central Park West. They've remained close since. She's introduced him to the best restaurants and he fixed her cable when it went out. She's teaching him how to cook and he brings the occasional take out when she's in the mood. Though their behavior is that of a couple, she did everything she could to not think of him in such a way. He was still a college student, after all, while she was an up and coming photographer. 

Friday was their evening together. Most nights it was take out and a movie to wind down for the week and tonight was no different. It was midterms and he'd shown up later looking worse than she'd ever seen. He was unshaven, with bags under his eyes. The clothes he wore were dirty and wrinkled. Ushering him in quickly, they opened up the Chinese takeout he'd provided and settled down to watch tonight's movie. Unsurprisingly, within the first half hour he had fallen asleep, his portion of Lemon Chicken uneaten on the coffee table. Eliza dimmed the lights and, with a gentle prod, helped him stand and led him to the extra room. As she closed the door, she heard him collapse on the bed. 

Now this. Kneeling between his spread legs, arms clasped across her chest, she couldn't look away. A mixture of guilt and arousal settled in her belly. Her conscience told her to get up, leave the room and forget what she'd seen but how could she? How could she ignore the fact that the bratty boy turned shy college student had the biggest cock she'd ever seen in her life? 

Cautiously she reached with one outstretched index finger to touch him. The very tip of her finger touched the sleeping head of his penis. It felt warm and inviting. Growing bolder, she slowly ran the finger down until it stopped on the little hole on the end of his shaft. Only then did she notice the change. It seemed fuller, heavier, more malevolent somehow. In front of her eyes it grew, like an animal awakened from a long slumber. It didn't rise quickly, as some she'd seen but slowly, as if readying itself. He murmured, still entrenched in some deep dream. With a nervous yip she jumped from the foot of the bed and bolted. Outside in the hall, she listened at the door, cursing herself for being so easily surprised. 

She retreated to her bedroom but lay quiet on her bed, unable to remove the image of Jason sleeping naked, his huge cock growing in front of her eyes. She masturbated anxiously and only after two fitful climaxes was she able to rest and drift back to sleep. 

When she returned from her jog the next morning, he was already in the shower. Realizing her chance, she held her ear to the door and listened. As she hoped she heard more than the sounds of running water. Doing her best to remain unseen, she inched the door open and peeked inside. She couldn't get a good view from the billows of steam but what she saw was unmistakable. Jason was angled toward the shower running his hand up and down the length of his cock. Eliza watched hungrily. Seen in its full state, she was awed. It had to be nine, ten inches at least. A fat plum of a head sat at the end of his tool and she noticed, with not a little interest, that he preferred to swab the head of his prick at the end of every stroke. Soap coated his member, making the sensations all the more pleasurable for him. When he moaned, she closed the door and took a moment to compose herself.

She must be careful. A wrong move at this stage would cause him to run. Well aware of his past with women she knew what she was up against and had to plan her actions accordingly. Still...that cock....It's going to take all of her willpower to not pounce on it and all of her feminine charm to get him to come around. She brazenly slipped out of her jogging clothes and left them in a trail in the hallway. With her blood still churning from her run, she flopped down on her bed and parted her legs. Images of Jason pumping his cock filled her head and caused her pussy to awaken.

When she went for her shower, Jason was in the living room reading the paper. She crossed in front of him wearing only a towel. She allowed it to drop so he had a good view of most of her ass and though she saw him look he quickly turned away. The shower was still warm with the scent of him and she lazed under the hot water in the same spot where he had moments ago been rubbing his beautiful member. 

Showered, shaved and lotioned, she sat next to him on the couch, her hair wrapped in another towel. She stretched her leg onto the coffee table beside him and began indifferently painting her toenails. From the corner of his eyes she saw him shift the paper and watch. Her legs were one of her best assets and she acted unaware that he could see all of the smooth, pink flesh of her thigh as it swelled into her firm asscheek. When she heard him shift she asked, as if it just came to her, "Why don't you date Jason?"

He was flustered, most likely by the sight of her leg and the hint of cleavage she showed as she bent to her toes, and could only skip over words in response.

"Is it because you're shy?" 

There was a nervous laugh at that.

"Because we all are. Women, especially." She turned to face him, her towel opening slightly at the meeting of her thighs. Though he forced himself to resist, Eliza could see he desperately wanted to look. She rested her elbow on the couch, their bodies almost touching. "You need to meet a woman though. I know you'd like to." 

A smile at this, as if she'd just come upon a secret. She continued, "I mean, when's the last time you've been laid properly?"

The look on his face was priceless. Immediately his expression dropped and he responded with a look of both shock and embarrassment. She pressed on, "A man your age shouldn't go without. It's not right. A nice guy like you shouldn't have to jerk off." She stopped when she saw the affect this had on him. He was biting his lips, his cheeks slowly darkening. "Not saying you do," she quickly added. "I'm sure you probably don't. I'm just saying you shouldn't. There are lots of women out there that would love to help you out. You're a very cute guy." She placed her palm above his knee, hoping it wouldn't cause him to jump. 

They both sat there motionless for a few moments considering her action. Finally he rose, awkward on his own two legs. "Thanks 'Liza, I'll take your advice," he said grinning stupidly. "But now I've got to get to class." 

She had made the first move and he'd reacted just as he predicted. Being so close, she knew the ins and outs of his dating life, as well as his predilections and all that he liked in a woman and planned to use those to get through to him. A shy boy shouldn't be kept alone with a cock like that. Such a fine example of maleness should always have a woman around to please it, play with it and relieve it. Eliza would do whatever she needed to be that woman. 

They didn't get together for another week and she began to worry that she'd scared him off. Friday night came and still no word from Jason. Finally, as she lay in bed late Saturday morning, he called her, rousing her from the last traces of sleep. Hearing his voice, she threw the comforter off the bed to display her naked body to the room. She felt more comfortable talking to him while naked. Even his voice caused her pussy to dampen. As they casually talked about the week her finger snaked down her belly and teased her eager clit. They made plans to share dinner that evening and, as he provided the food last time they got together, she promised to cook for him. When the conversation ended she quickly jumped from her bed and ran across the apartment naked. Jumping into the shower, she began to plot on how she could win his attention. The image of his cock remained in her head and, directing the shower massager between her legs, she brought herself to a powerful orgasm, one that almost caused her to rip the showerhead from the tiles. 

Come Saturday Jason showed up with a bag stuffed with groceries. Eliza made sure to greet him fresh from the shower and perfumed. She pulled him close in a hug, something they had never before done. He was stiff and rigid in her arms so when she released he looked at her strangely. 

"Just a hug between friends," she said and took the groceries from him, making sure to sashay as she walked to the kitchen. She could almost feel his eyes on her ass. 

Cooking was one of her many talents and she always impressed him with her culinary skill. Tonight was no different. Quickly she got to work filling pots, turning on the flames, cutting the meat and veggies while he stood by the side and watched. It was a treat to look him over as he stood there. 

It was odd how quickly the change came over her. Since she had snuck in on him sleeping naked and peeped in while he pulled himself in shower, she began to notice so much about him she had never seen before. His legs, for instance, how strong they were and how they fit together so well with his strong ass. In fact, just looking at him from the side made her realize when an amazing build he had. His arms were muscular and flowed into two strong, beautiful hands. His shoulders were powerful and added to the feeling of masculinity she got from him. Her gaze floated over him, up and back down again, causing her to stumble when he spoke to her.

"The bread? With or without?" 

She looked at him blankly. "With or without what?"

"Butter, genius." He gave her a coy smile. "What are you thinking about?"

It was at that very moment she felt her eyes drop to the bulge in his jeans.

"A boy?"

She looked up, realizing she'd been caught. "Oh, yeah. You got me. Me and all the men in my life. No boys, though." Smiling he turned back to the oven. She stood behind him and placed her palm against the firmness of his ass. Gripping him not so gently, she whispered in his ear. "I'm not the type of woman that dates boys. I need a good man." He froze for a moment, raising his head as she continued. "One that knows what he's doing..."

Not wanting to push him too far too quickly, she pinched his butt and jumped back, giggling. He exhaled mightily, as if sinking and looked at her with a slight show of disappointment. She returned his gaze with the most sultry look she could manage. Blinking quickly, she saw him break and turn back to the food. While he finished in the kitchen, she collected the plates and began to set the table. 

Eliza had dressed in shorts and when they sat to eat dinner, she crossed her bare legs, allowing Jason a good look at her thighs when he came in with the dishes.

"What are we having?"

"Spaghetti?"

"Ahhh, a delicacy. Truly we are blessed." Standing up, she bent to scoop pasta onto her plate and give him a peek at her cleavage from across the table. The t shirt she chose for the occasion was worn and thin, making her braless breasts clearly visible. The feel of the soft material coupled with images of Jason's cock had excited her nipples, giving him an even more appealing view. Midway through selecting her portion she turned to look and saw he was staring directly down her shirt.

"See anything you like?" He quickly looked away and nervously laughed it off. She sat down, her full plate in front of her. "It's ok. I don't mind you looking." He denied he had but they both knew he was lying. "I like to look at you too." At the moment he was standing, up to ladle sauce onto his plate and she zeroed in on the crotch of his jeans. He was semi hard and she smiled when she saw his growing bulge. "Tell you what," she said. "Why don't I give you something to look at?"

While he remained seated, she stood and traipsed over, her fingers toying with the hem of her shirt. He looked confused and didn't say anything though his mouth opened. "Shhhh, don't say a word." A finger reached out and stroked his bottom lip. He closed his mouth quickly, catching a taste of her digit. She was warm and soft. There was a scared look in his eyes, yet he didn't want her to stop. It was an overwhelming feeling.

Slowly she lifted her shirt to show her tight belly. She drew it further still until the bottom curve of her breasts popped out. He sat up quickly, unable to look away. 

"Like to see more, Jason?" A finger stroked his cheek and playfully traveled down the bridge of his nose. He nodded quickly. 

With one quick movement, she pulled the shirt up over her head and tossed it on his lap. For a moment she stood there, her eyes looking at him sexily. He didn't meet them, too distracted was he by her breasts. They looked perfect to him, full and round. They weren't overly large but were teardrop shapes of the perfect size. A budding nipple of cherry red stood proudly on the heft of each one. 

Jason was stunned. When she looked down, she could actually see his cock grow in the crotch of his jeans. It pressed against his left thigh and looked very uncomfortable to her. 

"Now then," she turned, her breasts gently bobbing with her movement. "Let's enjoy our meal. I'm hungry."

As can be expected, he didn't do much eating. Most of the time he spent gazing dumbly at her breasts while his fork hung in midair between the plate and his mouth. Enjoying the state he was in, she made no notice. Instead she took her time, sucking the pasta between her tiny lips. After each bite she would close her eyes with a dramatic mmm- mmm. 

By the time her plate was clear, Jason had barely eaten half of his meal. She stretched in the chair, giving him a better look at her breasts as she pulled her arms over her head and complimented herself on her culinary skills. 

"But you're not eating?"

Suddenly he seemed to realize how foolish he looked, staring unabashed at this woman who he'd known his whole life but never before saw in such a way. She looked upset and he looked down at his plate to begin shoveling forkfuls of the meal into his mouth. He felt the tightness in his pants and his balls seemed overly sensitive as they always did just before he came. Ignoring all but the plate in front of him, he vainly willed his erection to go down. 

In his hurry a piece of meat felt from his fork and rolled down his shirt, leaving a trail of spaghetti sauce. He winced at his own carelessness but before he could amend it Eliza was at his side doing her best to clean him with a napkin. Managing to smear it even further she stopped. Her hand rested between on the center of his chest and she felt firm muscles beneath the material.

"Let's take this off. I'll throw it into the wash." He only nodded his head, suddenly shy. She saw he was staring at her boobs again, just as she'd hoped. "C'mon now. It's nothing I've never seen before and," here she threw him a little pout. "I've got my shirt off. It's not fair." She bent over and leaned against him. As her knee made contact between his legs she felt him press against her urgently. He was fully hard. 

He offered no resistance and she pulled the hem of his shirt up and playfully pulled it off his shoulders. She'd seen him bare-chested before but now, before her this way, looking softly at her, he was hers. An evil smile spread across her lips and she flicked his nipples, enjoying the smooth tightness of his body. He huffed and winced as she did.

"Hurt, baby?"

He didn't respond, just held her eyes. She could see him gritting his teeth. Against her knee his length pressed against her. Instantly her sex dampened from the mere thought. She pressed herself against him and enjoyed the carnal feel of her skin on his. Cradling the back of his head, she pulled him down to whisper in his ear.

"I know you need a woman. It's been a long time, hasn't it?" 

The loud swallow in his throat was enough answer.

"A man like you needs someone to enjoy, someone that enjoys you." His chest was raising and falling quickly. She could almost hear him being turned on. She looked up into his eyes "More than your hand, anyway." She felt him start at that and his eyes locked on hers. 

She smoothed her hand against his belly. "It's alright, I expect that. You don't have a woman to please you." By now his cock was visibly pulsing against her crotch. Her panties were soaked and in she felt like she was losing control faster than he. Without a thought, her body reacted naturally, reaching up and meeting his lips in a deep, hungry kiss. They pulled to each other without any concern. Both grabbed and groped without any concern like high schoolers in the midst of their first romance. The flat of her hand pressed against his smooth abs, sliding down his torso, past his waist band, feeling soft, curly hairs there....

He pushed her away. "Eliza, we can't do this."

Goddamnit, she thought. What does it take? 

"What's wrong Jason?"

His eyes paced the floor, uncertain. "You're...you're Liza, the girl I grew up with. Pretty-girl-next-door Eliza. We can't. It wouldn't be right."

She couldn't hide her frustration now and spoke in a firm tone. "Jason, I'm a woman. I have needs just like you. I know you do. Let me be the one to please you." She approached cautiously, like a hunter stalking a rabbit but he only took a step back. 

"No...no. It wouldn't be right." Without another word, he sat at the table while she stood behind him, her arousal slowly churning into frustration and disappointment. They ate in silence, neither of them choosing to put a shirt on. Throughout the evening she noticed him stealing glances at her breasts. Her pink nipples were hard and called to him. She knew this only made it more difficult.

When they finished she collected the plates while he settled in with a dvd in the living room- their routine. He was still hard though he didn't even look up at her as she entered the room. Taking a seat next to him, she allowed him to lean against her as the movie started. As they watched she stroked his neck and cheek with the back of her fingers. Soon she felt him unwinding and even placed a hand on her bare thigh. As they watched silently, he brushed his fingers along her smooth, warm skin, exciting her. 

As she'd hoped, his erection returned and she could do nothing but gaze at his crotch. She wanted so much to reach over, pull his shorts off and free his gorgeous cock from its confines but she knew how he'd react. She must pace herself if she ever wanted to enjoy his cock. As she held him, she realized how much she'd thought about him that day. It was the only thing on her mind since she'd seen him sleeping naked with his stiff cock standing proudly.
