 Sometimes there are women other men might easily overlooked. Elizabeth was like that. She had a lovely, if plump, figure. Her hips were smooth and full. Her breasts hung with the weight of full femininity. She often puller her hair back with a rubber band. When she did let her hair down it framed a lovely face. Many men overlook her, instead they pay attention to those little hottie 20-somethings. That was fine with me because I was lucky enough to notice everything about Elizabeth. When she smiled her face gave shy look, but her eyes danced like little shimmering stars. If you looked into her eyes and felt her warmth you can sense, more than see, her desires and passion. Shyness, desire, plainness, and exquisite sexuality all blended within her. Visiting her was like having a treasure that no one knew but you. Maybe the thing that almost no one knew was that Elizabeth had the most beautiful sweet tasty cunt one could ever lick. I love to lick her cunt.

After a simple date of a movie and a dinner, Elizabeth invited me up to her place. This is not the first time she'd invited me up and I eagerly jumped at the opportunity. When we walked into the dimly lit apartment she told me to get a beer and have a seat she would be back in a minute. As she slowly left the room, she turned and looked at me with eyes full of desire and want. I knew in a minute I have those thighs parted and would be licking that sweet wonderful nectar. With a small tent developing in the front of my pants, I walked to the fridge and got a cold beer. I had no more sat down and had a sip when she wandered back in. From out of her bedroom, I heard gentle jazz music playing and I knew it was show time. With the slow gentle swaying of those wonderfully full hips, she began to disrobe. 

No stripper's bump and grind for Elizabeth, disrobing was like a rose dropping petals. First the left shoulder of her silk kimono, then the right. Slowly the kimono fell revealing the next layer. She had on a bright red camisole with a matching pair of silk boxers. Her hips swung from side to side to the music as her soft natural breasts gently swayed to match her hips. As she made a slow turn, I noticed her ass. Full, round, soft and so smooth I could only let out a moan of desire. My slacks were straining mightily to hold in my raging manhood. Elizabeth noticed my discomfort and with no rush at all she crossed the room and unzipped me. Instantly, my manhood popped out to show my desire. Elizabeth slowly bent over and warmly blew across the head of my dick and again I slowly moaned. 

With a voice strong with desire, she commanded me onto my knees in front of her. I quickly complied. I had no more than slid off the couch when she thrust her cunt at my mouth. The red silk of her panties was wet and I deeply inhaled the lush odor of her womanhood. Elizabeth softly and slight squatted down opening more of her cunt to my eager embrace. I eased the silk boxers to one side and I tentative licked her cunt. She grabbed the back of my head and pulled me deep into her waiting flower. I licked one long deep lick and tasted fully the nectar that gushed from her cunt. One, two, three four long deep licks from the bottom to the top of her soft warm lips and I Elizabeth gave a small shudder. With little gentleness she step forward pushing me on my back, her cunt firmly pressed to my open mouth. This girl was going to ride my tongue and I could not wait. 

Elizabeth gently rocked as I lapped around the soft folds of her cunt. I avoid the clit, saving that for the right time. I sensed more than saw that she was using one of her hands the pull a large hard nipple as she massaged her supple breast. Every so often, she reached down and gave my cock a loving stoke. I knew my time would come, but first I wanted her to cum and cum hard. Her rocking became more insistent and I worked harder to avoid her clit, the clit she so desperately wanted me to lap. Her moans became more urgent and her language more vulgar. "Fuck my pussy with your tongue!" she demanded. I thrust deeply into her. She tried to move her clit over my hardened tongue but I skillfully licked to one side. "Damn you! Fuck you! I need to cum!" she screamed. I roll her onto her back. I pulled off the now wet boxers and saw her pussy in all its glory. 

She spread her legs wide and grabbed the back of my head again pulling me deeply into her folds. I sensed her urgency as I licked her from the bottom to the top and finally I lightly, ever so lightly lapped my tongue across her engorged clit. Her clit pulsed with heat; desperation for release. Juices gushed from her cunt and I lapped all she gave me. Finally, I knew it was time. Her belly trembled and her legs had wrapped around me. I laid my tongue on top of her clit and ever so slowly began to form little circles around and across the tiny hardness. "Yes, you bastard. Yes. Yes!" she screamed. I pressed my tongue hard against her, ignoring everything I worked her clit harder and harder. Finally, she pulled my head hard and thrust her hips against my tongue. Waves of cum shot out of her folds and I drank deeply as her belly shuddered. She came in one long shudder as her head thrashed from side to side still holding my head right where I want to be. Her ample legs squeezed me as she gasped and clawed riding the waves of orgasm. As she started to come down of the high, I went for number two. Elizabeth is always so sensitive after a big orgasm. A couple of hard licks across her now super sensitive clit and she would blast off again. That is exactly what I did. Three hard licks and she screamed out as another huge orgasm rolled over her. Three big waves crashed with more juice flowing out of her cunt. I gently sucked out the juices as she started to come down from the Big O. For several minutes she lay perfectly still as I ever so softly licked the moist engorged lips. With a deep breath, she had enough strength and awareness to speak. "I am going to fuck your brains out" And that is exactly what she did.