 We had known for a while now that my wife's sister's marriage was in trouble. So when Mattie told me that she'd just gotten off the phone with her sister Ellen, who had told her that it was over, I honestly wasn't surprised. "Rob? I know we've talked about it, but I just wanted to make sure before I mention it to her, she's going to need some time away while all this is going on, so you're sure it's ok with you if she comes here to stay with us for a while?"

I really liked Mattie's family of course, loved them dearly in fact. And though it had been a while since I'd seen either one of Mattie's sisters, and actually had missed seeing them, it certainly wasn't that. They were welcome to come for a visit any time, that wasn't the problem. The ONLY problem as I saw it was, Mattie and I had a very wonderful sex-life that allowed us the freedom to enjoy it openly together whenever and wherever we felt like it. Having guests obviously curtailed some of those wilder moments, but it was usually a short temporary thing. Now, with the knowledge that her sister would actually be coming here to live with us for a time, it meant giving up a few of those spontaneous naughty adventures we so enjoyed experiencing together. 

But, family was family, and first things came first.

"You know that it is," I assured my wife sincerely. Neither one of us speaking the same shared thoughts, we didn't have to, knowing one another so perfectly the way we did. Mattie even addressed my thoughts though unspoken.

"And don't worry honey, we'll find naughty ways to have fun, even while she's here!"

I smiled at that, there was a certain edge to that which appealed to me of course. An element of additional excitement and danger associated with "getting caught" especially with it being her sister that tickled that decadent spot inside my head. She grinned seeing me smile.

"You thinking what I'm thinking?" she asked.

I unzipped my pants removing my hard stiff prick, showing her that I had been.

#

They might indeed have been sisters, and certainly had some similarities designating them as such, but that's about as close as it came in some ways. Mattie had wonderfully large breasts with incredibly nice sized nipples that she loved having me play with. I had seen Ellen's breasts once, seen her nude actually when she had visited us before and sat with us out in our hot tub. Nudity in our home, especially while doing that was of no moment, neither was it for Mattie's sisters and family whenever they'd come for a visit. So it wasn't without natural curiosity and observation that I'd taken note of a few points, among them being the difference in how Mattie and her sister's looked when being naked together.

Ellen had nice sized boobs as well, not quite as large as my wife's were perhaps, but nicely shaped with a similarly colored nipple. And unlike my wife who kept her pussy totally shaved, Ellen preferred the more natural though neatly trimmed look, which was quite a contrast in comparison, but made it interesting for me upon that discovery.  Ellen was also a few inches taller than my wife, nearly my own height at five-nine though their natural hair color, as well as their hazel eyes was virtually the same. Mattie had chosen to include adding some red highlights to her own hair color, giving her a devilish little pixie look that really accentuated her eyes and her smile whenever she gave me one of those patented looks of hers, telling me in a moment she was in the mood!

As expected and planned for of course, Ellen arrived a few days later and immediately settled in. It was good to see her and talk to her again, even under the most difficult of circumstances. That first night after her arrival, we had again slipped outside to sit in the hot-tub, relax and have a few drinks along with some easy conversation which Mattie and I had agreed needed to steer clear of the obvious for the time being. There would be plenty of time for that later. So it was that we sat talking about some scenic places we'd enjoy seeing again, sharing with her Sister who seemed quite relieved and relaxed by our purposely chosen topic of conversation.

All this while Mattie sat next to me in the tub wonderfully fondling my cock.

With the jets going and the water bubbling the way it was, there was no way of course that you could see anything or know what was really going on there beneath the water, though Mattie's hand being in such close proximity towards my lap might have been a bit of a clue as to what was going on, though Ellen certainly never appeared to be aware of it, let alone say anything. And I was certainly enjoying the erotic play, until it was realized that we were all in need of fresh drinks, so taking a moment more to allow my stiff prick to soften considerably, only then did I unashamedly slip out of the tub and head back inside the house to make us all another drink.

Funny thing about water, sound travels very well across it, so as I stood in the kitchen making everyone another drink, I could clearly hear their conversation from outside through the open window as I stood there.

"Where you doing what I think you were doing?" Ellen asked her sister.

I could hear by her tone of voice it wasn't said in shock or embarrassed surprise either, having more of a light curious connotation to it that sister's might often share in open confidence with one another, and no doubt just as they had often done while growing up together by the sound of it.

I even heard Mattie giggle as she answered. "Not sneaky enough where we?" she stated still laughing. "I hope we didn't make you feel uncomfortable then," she soon added a bit more seriously.

"Oh not at all, actually...I found it very arousing," she said honestly. "Been a long time since I've even felt aroused," she now added with her own serious connotation being included.

"Would you prefer that I didn't?" Mattie asked her sister.

"Mattie, it's your house. I know how much you and Rob love one another, and if anything I've been a little jealous of your relationship and closeness, but I actually find it wonderfully refreshing that the two of you have and share such intimacy together, so what I'm trying to say here is, don't stop doing that, or sharing that together just because I'm here. I'd rather find some motel to stay in rather than cause the two of you any problems!"

"Don't be silly," Mattie told her sister. "You're not staying anywhere but here, and that's for long as you'd like, and you know that. But it IS nice to know that you don't mind the two of us being affectionate, we always have been, and I know that Rob enjoys that every bit as much as I do. And besides, he really is a bit of an exhibionist you know, just in case you haven't noticed."

Ellen laughed heartily at that one. "Oh yeah, couldn't help but notice that. He wasn't exactly hard when he climbed out of the tub to get our drinks, but he wasn't nearly as small as he was when he first got in either, so that pretty much confirmed for me that the two of you had been fooling around beneath the water a little."

"We'll try and tame things down a little," Mattie told her.

"Don't you dare!" Ellen said almost immediately. "I'm serious Mattie, just because I'm here staying with you, which I truly appreciate, I don't want it to disrupt your home-life OR your sex-life either for that matter. Just try and pretend like I'm not even here."

Mattie really did laugh then. "Not sure about that," she told her sister, "if we were to do that, you never know WHAT, or WHEN you'd walk into something!"

Ellen didn't comment further, just nodding her head though smiling, which is when I decided it was time to make an appearance again before they both started wondering what had happened to me. There was only one small problem with that, having stood there listening to them I was hard once again, not having a full-on massive erection perhaps, but it wasn't just sitting there dangling either. Grabbing our drinks, and hoping that the ever increasing darkness as the sun had finally began to set would help cover the obvious, I quickly made my way outside, pausing to place our drinks on the bar which was attached to the tub's gazebo, effectively hiding my situation for the moment anyway, and perhaps give me just enough time to relax somewhat, at least reaching the same proportionate size I had been when getting out to go into the house.

"What took you so long?" Mattie asked not helping the situation.

"Oh, I uh...had to pee too," I thought quickly.

"Ah huh," she grinned winking at me. "Didn't look like that's what you'd been doing when you came back outside," she said.

"Mattie!" I shot back at her, surprised by her comment, but taking it all in stride at the same time, another aspect about my wife that I truly loved so much, that she could be so completely honest, and so wonderfully wicked when doing it, all at the same time.

Ellen I noticed had the same smile on her face that Mattie had. Sister's yes, obviously, "But in their thoughts too?" I wondered.

We sat for a considerable amount of time after that, though with the water being as hot as it was, each of us periodically getting out for a minute or two to sit on the top of the corner, legs still dangling in the water cooling off a little. Mattie had quit playing with me, so my prick had gone back to a more normal looking relaxed size, though even then not fully which I certainly didn't mind, seeing an occasional glimpse at it from both of them whenever I got out to sit for a moment. And likewise, I enjoyed it whenever they did, taking the opportunity to enjoy the view even more fully without the covering protection of the bubbling churning water hiding their obvious attributes. But eventually, we'd all begun looking like and feeling like prunes, so it was time to get out, and being that it was also late, it was also time to turn in, though I was looking forward to going to bed for different reasons, and suspected that Mattie was thinking along those same lines herself as she gave my somewhat flaccid prick an affectionate little caress just before stepping out.

"See you two in the morning!" Ellen said giving us both a goodnight kiss, which I found strangely stimulating having done so while leaning over to receive one, cautiously careful not to accidentally bump into her as I did so, though very much aware of the press of her breast against my arm when we did.

I was hard as a fucking rock by the time Mattie and I had raced upstairs to the bedroom, closing the door, which we usually never did, and jumping into bed together.

"My, aren't we all nice and hard?" Mattie teased wrapping her hand around my stiff dick.

"And aren't we all nice and wet?" I answered back, my fingers easily slipping inside her extremely wet pussy.

"I figured you would be," she added then, "Especially with all that female titty-flesh for you to look at all night."

Mattie knew I had a thing for breasts of course, knew how much enjoyment I got just from looking at them let alone anything else. And the fact there was never any fear of me admitting that to her just made it a lot nicer to enjoy and appreciate even more about her when having done so.

"I think she was masturbating too," Mattie said then which really did surprise me.

"Huh? When?" I said trying to recall anything I'd seen or wondered about, but hadn't. "No way! When?" I asked again excitedly curious.

"I'm pretty sure she was," Mattie went on all the while slowly stroking my cock. "When you were sitting out on top of the corner? Ellen had turned around in her seat and was leaning out over the side while we sat talking?"

"Yeah?" I did remember that part, and was seeing it inside my head, replaying it back, though I couldn't for the life of me remember seeing Ellen doing anything suspicious.

"I think she was enjoying one of the jets!"

"One of the jets?" I repeated

"You know, letting it pulsate against her. When I was sitting next to her, my leg was against hers, and I could feel her sort of moving."

"Sure it wasn't the water?" I asked stupidly, hoping it wasn't as I sat there thinking about it.

"Nope, sure as hell wasn't," Mattie grinned. "She was the one who was moving alright, and I was pretty sure she'd discovered just how good that pulsating jet could feel, wondered if she'd continued all the way to an orgasm, but she didn't of course. But I really do think she was enjoying herself a little, especially after all that naughty talk we'd been having a bit earlier."

"What talk?"

"When we'd been discussing how your cock seemed to get a little bigger every time you got out, or back in again," she laughed. "Kind of hard not to notice," she quipped waggling it back and forth within her hands, letting me know what she'd really meant in saying that.

"Oh that," I grinned sheepishly. "Yeah...well."

"Oh you loved it, and you know it too. Every bit the exhibionist you are, love showing off this nice hard cock of yours don't you?"

"Just as much as you love playing with it too," I told her. "Even in front of your sister," I reminded. "Which is what got it that way in the first place!"

"Tell me you didn't like that," Mattie said now squeezing the head of it just the way she knew I liked it.

"Never said that, I'd be lying to you if I did," I admitted. "Something about that feeling naughty sensation, getting caught, it being your sister and all...you know, all of that."

"Yeah, I know!" Mattie said, and then slithered up on top of me, placing my rock-hard angry cock against the opening of her thoroughly saturated pussy and slid easily down on it. "If having my sister around is going to make you this horny all the time, then we're going to have to take advantage of it aren't we?" she said.

I was going to comment, but then as Mattie began to slide up and down upon my shaft so wonderfully, I simply forgot what it was I was going to say.

#

Since it was the weekend, we'd spent the better part of the day just sightseeing and running around. That evening the girls had fixed a fabulous, but light dinner, which we decided to eat outside on the patio.  We had planned to tub once again once it got cooler, something I was already looking forward to, and now forewarned, curious to see if Ellen would indeed enjoy one of the pulsating jets again. Sensing the girls perhaps needed and wanted to talk however, I soon excused myself and began taking the dishes back inside, indicating it was only fair that I wash and clean up after all the work they'd gone into in making it. But I also knew it would give them a chance to have some privacy and talk if that's something the two of them wanted to do.

I had just finished washing and drying the last of the dishes when Mattie came in, quickly crossing over to where I was standing.

"How's she doing?" I asked.

"Better I think," Mattie told me. "A lot to deal with, but I think she's coping with it very well under the circumstances."

"That's good," I said, and then felt Mattie's hand tugging at my zipper. I glanced out the window, but Ellen continued to sit, enjoying some peace and quiet for a moment or two perhaps. "What're you doing?" I asked, though actually excited at the prospect of whatever it was.

"Been missing this," Mattie said now pulling out my prick, which had quickly, began hardening.

"Shit honey, it's been less than twenty-four hours!"

"Too long," she grinned up at me.

"Um," I purred, still glancing out the window. "Umm, not sure we have a whole lot of time here," I said.

Mattie had me quickly and very easily all nice and hard though, not too surprisingly.

"How quick do you think you can cum?" she asked.

Normally, I'd much rather prefer not to, it never really was about the orgasm itself, but about getting there. And the longer we both took to get there, the better it was when we did. But I had also learned that a quick hand-job could bring about a quick orgasm too, which I had often done to myself whenever I was in need of some real fast stress relief.

"Fast enough," I told her. "Why?"

"Because I'm obviously horny for one, and for two...because I want to feel you squirting on my tits for another."

"Really?"

"Yeah, really!"

"Try and keep one eye on Ellen while you're jerking yourself off for me," Mattie said. Kneeling, she quickly bared her breasts and began playing with them, making it even more difficult for me to keep one eye on Ellen in case she decided to stand up and come back inside, and the other on my wife as she fondled those magnificent tits of hers while I stood there furiously stroking my cock for her in an effort to cum on them.

Faster than I would have normally liked, I soon felt the first surge of liquid joy leap from the head of my prick, but it was every bit as exciting in a uniquely different way too, knowing that we'd had a quick bit of naughty fun together as I stood there watching my cum splatter all over my wife's waiting boobs. When I was finished, smiling happily and contentedly, though now hornier than ever, Mattie stood and began to walk back outside. The problem was, she hadn't pulled her shirt back down over her cum-covered tits as she did so.

"Hey! Where the hell are you going?" I called out.

She turned to smile at me, grinning broadly. "Why...to show Ellen of course!"

"What?" But by then Mattie had opened the sliding glass door and was already sitting down at the table across from her sister, cum covered tits and all by the time I stepped outside.

"Damn!" Ellen laughed. "I should have known better!"

"Ok, someone want to tell me just what happened here?" I asked. Not really minding that my wife now sat massaging the natural cum-cream into her breasts while she did, but that I was obviously unaware of what had brought that about in the first place.

"I was telling Mattie that Steve and I never ever did anything fun or spontaneous, and that it was one of the things that was driving me crazy, especially when a lot of it was simple silly stuff, just like this," she said pointing directly at Mattie's cream covered tits. "Which I find very arousing and exciting, but which Steve thought was stupid and childish, so I wondered if that was the way most men thought, and that maybe it really was me."

"And that's when I told Ellen that you'd do just about anything I asked without question," Mattie said grinning.

"So I said anything? And Mattie said yep, that you'd do just about anything she asked you, as well as anytime or anyplace. So then I said, OK, go inside and tell him to cum on your tits, seriously, I was only joking, but she said ok, knowing that you would, and obviously of course, you did!"

I could only stand there and shake my head, a little more relieved now having been filled in. "At least it makes me feel a little better about myself," Ellen said honestly. "That I'm not the only one running around with all these crazy naughty thoughts inside my head!"

"Oh? And what other crazy naughty thoughts are running around in there?" Mattie asked her sister.

She just grinned back at her though, answering, "Yeah, wouldn't you like to know?"

"I would!" I said jumping in.

"What a surprise," they both said in unison giving me that now famously patented look.

#

It wasn't too long after that, that we all once again made our way out to the tub, though this time I purposely didn't turn on the outside patio lights, leaving the tub area in a bit more darkness than we'd sat in the previous night.  And I think the girls appreciated it a lot more too, seemed to even further diminish whatever inhibitions might have remained, leaving the air filled with a bit of still charged sexual excitement as our conversations continued along in that vein.  Mattie really opened up to her sister about some of our wilder escapades, actually telling them in fairly explicit detail as she did, which was not only interesting to hear and relive in a sense, hearing my wife retelling them, but arousing me considerably in the process until this time I truly was as hard as a rock, and didn't care who saw it or knew it.  Boldly, and feeling that exhibionistic side of me really taking charge, I sat up out of the water once again in the corner acting like I needed a quick cool-down, and using the excuse perhaps that it WAS darker outside after all, and in doing so, not at all making any attempt to hide my full-blown erection. I grinned inwardly seeing that both women had certainly noticed it as well, though Mattie continued to relate this story, or that one about things we'd had fun doing as Ellen sat quietly listening to her, yet quite frequently glancing over in my direction periodically at the same time.
