 Just like the last three days this week, Ella sat in history class, her eyes glued to the clock; four minutes until lunch time. Each second that passed found her more wiggly in her seat at the front of the classroom. Two minutes to go... it really was unbearable at this point. She took her eyes off the clock, looking at the teacher, hoping Mister Ogden would let the class full of seniors go to lunch early. His eyes connected with hers from across his desk. She squirmed, waiting for him to say something, and instead of opening his mouth to tell the class they were dismissed, he grinned at her in the most devilish way. Confused, Ella glanced back at the clock just as the bell rung. Simultaneously grabbing her backpack and jumping up from her seat, she bolted out the door, down the hallway, and into the girl's bathroom.

Finally alone, Ella locked the stall door behind her, then hung her backpack on it. Pulling her panties down, she sat with her knees wide, and moved her hand down over her needy, eighteen-year-old pussy. With her eyes on the wet spot in her panties, she teased her inner lips open, the warm flesh slick and swollen. Slowly she pushed two fingers inside, then drew them out again, sliding them up between her lips and over her throbbing clit. Rubbing herself in small circles, she let her eyes drift closed. With thoughts of being bent over her teacher's desk playing in her head, Ella stuffed her fingers back inside her wet little hole, fingering herself hard and fast. Her free hand covering her mouth to stifle the moans, an orgasm washed through her young body. Now she had fifteen minutes left to clean up and go eat lunch.

Friday started like every other day, with first and second period both going by slowly and Ella anxious to get to Mr. Ogden's history class. When second period finally ended, she swished her skirted ass into the classroom and flounced down in her usual seat in the front row, by the window. Right across from the teacher's desk.

Ella sat in class crossing and uncrossing her legs, anxious for her lunch period to get here so she could run to the bathroom and make herself cum. She had crushes on teachers before, but none quite as dramatic as the one she had on tall, slender, slightly nerdy Mr. Ogden. Ella often imagined what it would be like to have his hands on her body. In fact, every time Ella touched herself, she liked to imagine it was Mr. Ogden's hand instead of her own. She did it so often that just walking into his classroom made her panties damp.

Once gain Ella's eyes were glued to the clock, waiting for the bell so she could get herself off before lunch. As the bell rang and she jumped up from her desk, the teacher stopped her.

"Ella, I'm going to need you to stay after class today."

Her heart leapt into her throat. Was she in trouble? She stood beside her desk fidgeting while the rest of the students left. When she and Mr. Ogden were the only two left in the classroom he walked over to the door, closing and locking it. Ella trembled. 

"I've noticed a disturbing trend in your behavior, Ella. It seems like the last ten minutes or so of class it's difficult for you to pay attention." He walked across the front of the classroom and leaned a hip on the corner of his desk, his arms folded across his chest.

Ella stood motionless, frantically trying to come up with an explanation. "I, ah, uhhm, drink a lot of water?"

Standing, Mr. Ogden stepped towards Ella, looming over her with a wicked grin. "Oh? So you stare at me and squirm, squeezing your thighs together because you have to use the bathroom?"

"Yes!" Ella nodded enthusiastically, hoping he'd believe her lie.

"So this..." he slid his hand between her legs, up her thigh and softly ran his fingertips along the wet spot on her panties "is because you have to pee?"

Ella gasped, dropping her gaze to the floor, unable to form words. Her teacher's hand felt so good on her sensitive little cunny, even through the purple cotton of her panties. With a blush blooming on her cheeks, Ella bit her bottom lip, sliding her left foot out to the side ever so slightly, allowing Mr. Ogden better access to her panty-clad pussy.

"Ella. Do you need to go to the bathroom?"

Still looking at the floor, she shook her head, no words squeezing past the lump in her throat.

"I can't hear you, young lady."

"N..no, I don't have to go."

"And what is it that you really do every day when you leave my class?" He tipped her chin up so she was looking at him.

"I do go to the girl's room. Uhm, but, I, ah..."

"Tell me what you do in there, Ella." His voice was silky but firm.

Ella took a deep breath and her confession came out in a rush. "I go in there and I touch... uhm, I... I make myself cum."

Mister Ogden stared at his student, her embarrassment a delightful little treat for him. His hand still leisurely rubbing between her legs, he could feel Ella's excitement building in spite of her embarrassment at having to confess she masturbated every day after his class.

"Do you feel dirty when you masturbate in the girl's bathroom, Ella?"

"Y-yes, Mister Ogden," came her shame-filled reply.

As he cooed "good girl" at her, the teacher tugged Ella's wet panties to the side and slid a finger into her deliciously tight little cunt. Ella reacted with a gasp and a shiver, her slick hole clenching around the invasive digit. She seemed to be a little weak in the knees, so Mr. Ogden eased her back against the edge of the desk, one hand holding her waist, the other teasingly sliding a finger in and out of her cunt.

"Does that feel good, Ella? Do you like having my finger inside you?"

"Yes," she moaned.

"You really should call me Sir while I'm being so nice and making you feel good, shouldn't you?"

"Y-yes, S-sir."

"There's a good girl. Let's open you up a little more, hmmm?"

He used his knee to push her legs open wider, giving her no choice but to put her weight on her ass, leaning against the desk with her legs splayed. One of his hands moved down to tug her panties further to the side and hold them out of the way, while he fingered her with the other hand. Using his middle and index finger, the teacher slowly and steadily penetrated Ella, his thumb starting to rub in little circles around her clit.

Mr. Ogden loomed over Ella, watching her face while his fingers pleasured her. Ella was beautiful, her pale cheeks flushed, eyelashes resting on them as she kept her sparkling green eyes closed. She was responsive, too, clenching around his fingers, moaning softly, her baby-pink pussy slick and hot in his hand. He wanted desperately to taste her, but it was too risky here in the classroom for him to bury his face between her soft thighs. Ella's moaning was getting louder and more insistent, to the point that the teacher put a hand over her mouth.

"Shhhh, shh little girl. We don't want to get caught before you get to cum on my fingers, do we?"

Ella shook her head, whimpering against the hand covering her mouth. His fingers never wavered in their rhythm, and Ella felt herself getting close. Every muscle in her lower body tensed, Ella's eyes flew open as she started cumming, the spasms in her little cunt making her teacher's fingers cramp as he continued to shove them into her, his thumb on her stiff little clit making her legs tremble and twitch. Eventually, after the orgasm subsided, Mr. Ogden withdrew his dripping-wet fingers and put them into his mouth, looking Ella in the eye while sucking her juices off.

"What a tasty little morsel you are. Did that feel good, Ella?"

"Mmhmm."

He just cocked an eyebrow at her, but at her continued silence, Mr. Ogden grabbed Ella's thick, wavy auburn hair and jerked her head up close to his ear.

"Now, now, Ella, I asked you to call me Sir, didn't I? And what do you say when someone does something nice for you, little girl?"

"Thank... thank you, Sir?"

"That's better. Now run along to the bathroom and clean up, then go eat lunch. I'll see you on Monday."