 Susan was just a little bit drunk when she left the restaurant, best she leave the car in the parking lot, and get a cab home. She carefully negotiated the first couple of rows of cobble stones as she crossed the alley, rough terrain in heels was a sure way to twist an ankle, plus being a bit tipsy.

A hand grabbed her arm and pulled her into the alley, a hand over her mouth silencing her scream.

"Now be quiet and you won't get hurt," a voice said in her ear. 

"Take my money, anything, but please don't hurt me," she said, her voice shaking. 

The guy laughed, and said quietly. "I don't want your money, and if you behave, I won't hurt you, something much better. "I'm going to fuck you."

Susan's heart pounded like crazy. "Anything, just don't hurt me."

"That's nice," the guy replied, and she could tell by the sound of his voice he was smiling.

A moment later, he turned her around, he was wearing a masquerade mask. It momentarily gave her relief, she had expected one of those horrible ski mask's that criminals wore, they frightened the shit out of her. 

He pulled her dress up to her waist. "Nice, a dirty slut, no panties. I like dirty sluts."

She felt his hands slide up onto her breasts. "I love a nice pair of tits, I'm a real tit man. In fact I want to have a good look at them. Put your hands up."

She didn't argue, but put her hands up over her head, and let him pull her dress off. 

"Oh yeah, you have a great body, great tits," he said, groping them again. "You've given me a hard on, which is just as well, as I'm gonna fuck you."

He prised her legs apart with his knee, then undid his pants. He guided his cock between her legs, then found her hole, and eased himself inside her. He felt her shudder. 

"Don't be afraid, I promise I won't hurt you, seeing as you're co-operating.

After a few minutes sucking her nipples and fucking her, he pulled his cock out and turned her around. "Time to fuck you like a bitch slut," he said sliding his cock back into her hole.

He looked around the side of her watching her breasts swing back and forth with his thrusts. He cupped one in his hand, and put his other hand between her legs. 

"How's the little man in the boat?" he chuckled. "Lets find out."

Susan grimaced. She knew she was in trouble, she had a very sensitive clit, which she really loved. She spent hours in bed rubbing it gently, taking herself to the brink of an orgasm, and then backing off. She did it over and over until she couldn't stand it any longer, and gave in, having a massive orgasm. She could get off in five minutes when she touched it, but she liked to play. If this guy rubbed it, she would come, she wouldn't be able to help it. But tonight she would try her utmost to keep control, she didn't want to give this creep the satisfaction of knowing he had made her come. Problem right at this moment was, her nipples were rock hard, and he would feel that and know she was aroused. It was just how she was, how she was born, oversexed. Sucking her nipples had started her off, and then the penetration of his cock when he entered her. She loved penetration of a mans cock, it did something to her. When she had sex with Geoff her husband, she would get him to enter her over and over. She could even come if he did it enough.

"You are a really hot babe," he groaned, thrusting deep into her, over and over. "I knew you'd be a good fuck. It's been worth the wait."

Susan frowned. "What do you mean?"

"Not your problem," he said. "Just be quiet and fuck me."

As hard as she tried, she couldn't stop herself from moving, and as he rubbed her clit, she moaned. 

"Ooooohhhhhh, oooooohhhhhhh."

"Getting you right where you live, hey babe," he chuckled. "Someone who looks like you, had to be a cock lover."

Her breath came in quivers as her passion mounted. "Oh oh ooohhh, oh fuck, "she groaned and gave herself over to her desires, she fucked him back, gyrating around his hard cock.

"Oh yes," he groaned. "Give it to me baby, fuck me fuck me."

Before he had fucked her slowly, now he fucked her hard.

"Oh yes," she shuddered and called out as she orgasmed, and he came inside her. "Fuck me fuck me fuck me."

"Now finish the job," he told her pushing her down. "Suck my cock, clean me up."

She sucked his cock, tasting his cum, and her cunt juices as she licked his shaft. 

"Okay," he said looking down at her. "Times up. You've been a good girl, so you can go home now, but naked, I'm keeping your dress."

Susan went to object, but he stopped her. "I'm joking. See that parked car," he pointed. "I'll hang it on the aerial."

He pulled his pants up and turned to go, then turned back. He grabbed her and pulled her to him, kissing her passionately, pushing his tongue into her mouth, and his fingers into her cunt. She responded as he thought she would. Giving her one last good finger fuck, he walked away

"Now we're done."

Susan stayed where she was for five minutes, trying to get her head sorted out. She had been raped, well sort of, she had just had the most erotic sex she has ever had. She had never had sex in an alley or anywhere else public, and with a stranger. She felt the surge through her body and grabbed her breasts squeezing them hard. She was so turned on, that if Geoff was home tonight, she'd have fucked his brains out. 

She cautiously mad her way to the end of the alley. She was lucky, it was late, and the street was almost deserted. She took off her heels and trotted across the road, grabbed her dress off the car, slipped it on and headed for the carpark, she was sober enough to drive now.

CHAPTER 2

It was about three weeks later, and she had been shopping. She stopped the car in the carport and got out. 

Susan went inside, with her shopping, and then returned a few minutes later. She didn't hear him or know he was there, until she felt his hands on her breasts.

"It's your old fuck mate back," he said softly. "Don't make a sound. You know the drill, you stay quiet and co-operate and you don't get hurt, right."

Susan nodded, her heart pounding.

The guy nodded. "Good girl, I knew you'd want to co-operate."

"My neighbours," she complained. "They might." 

"I know," he replied. "Buts that's life, they deserve to know what a slut you are." 

He reached up her dress and pulled her g-string down to her ankles. "Mmmm not commando today."

"Please, we can't do it here, it's too open, too public," she told him. 

"Makes it better, more erotic," he said. "Take everything off, right here right now."

Susan knew she didn't have a choice, so she quickly undressed. The quicker she got this over, with, the better.

"Good girl," he smiled. He put his arm around her and kissed her, she didn't respond. Apart from everything, she hated that mask.

"Oh come on babe, you're a hottie, you love cock," he said, slipping his hand between her legs. "Those breasts of yours look so much better in the daylight, fuck but they're gorgeous. He bent and sucked her nipples as he fingered her.

"And I remember the magic button," he grinned, slipping a finger onto her clit.

Within a minute or two, Susan was in full flight, her legs apart thrusting into his hand.

He looked at her strained face. "You ready for me to fuck you, put my nice hard cock into that wet juicy cunt of yours."

Her voice shook. "Please be quick, my neighbours might come."

He fucked her slowly at first, then fucked her hard until they both came. 

"Oh God," she moaned. "Oh fuck me, fuck me hard. Fuck me fuck me." 

And again, he shot his load into her, then made her suck his cock, and lick him clean. Then he kissed her, before he went down on her. 

"I think you deserve a bonus," he smiled, pulling her cunt flaps apart.

She wasn't done with her orgasm, so when he started to lick her cunt, it was only a minute before she was in full flight again. 

"Oh fuck," she groaned. "Yes, fuck me lick me, more more more. Put your tongue in my cunt."

His tongue worked her clit, and his fingers fucked her cunt, then as he was still hard, he shoved his cock deep inside her again. When he felt himself starting to come again, he pulled his cock out, and pushed it into her mouth. It wasn't a full load, but enough to satisfy his perverted ego.

"Swallow," he ordered her. "Don't spit out."

She opened her mouth to show him she had swallowed his cum. He ran his tongue around her lips, and kissed her. He didn't mind the taste of his cum, he didn't like it all that much, but when he was having dirty sex with a hot slutty babe, he didn't mind. 

Susan reached for her clothes, but the guy grabbed them first. "You won't need these for now."

"I think I should dress before.........." She started to say.

He shook his head.

She tried to explain. "It's very open here, from the car to the house, the neighbours."

"What's the chances of them looking out the window as you walk inside," he said. 

She shrugged. "Do I have a choice?"

He smiled and shook his head. "No."

She knew he would watch her walk to the house, and when she turned to look, her lover had gone.

Inside she put on the coffee, her hands shaking. She wasn't sure if it was from the sex or partly an anxiety attack. He hadn't hurt her, but she was still a bit afraid of him.

She poured herself a stiff scotch to go with the coffee, and thought about her mystery lover. Who was he, and how did he know where she lived. Obviously he had followed her.

She put her hand between her legs and rubbed herself. She was so horny. Now in hindsight, being dragged off the street and fucked, was so erotic, and then again today, surprise sex. Being fucked in broad daylight in her own drive. As wrong as it was, she wanted it to happen again. Her lover so far hadn't hurt her, he was a little bit rough, sure, but she liked that, but this had created another problem for her, it brought back her memories of her slutty sex life before she was married, and how mundane sex with Geoff was. She rubbed her clit. Her legs opened, her clit the magic button. She felt the surges rippling through her body and groaned, her orgasm was only seconds away.

She looked down at her nipples, they were so hard, and seemed bigger, but that was probably her imagination. The thought disappeared as her orgasm took her.

"Yes," she moaned. "Yes, yes."

She slid down in the chair, pushing her cunt up. "Oh fuck, oohhh fuck."

Now she started to gyrate and thrust. She pushed four fingers into herself, and rubbed her clit with her thumb. "Fuck yes, ooohhhh, yes, yes yes."

Her stomach muscles clenched, and she shuddered with every orgasmic surge, until she finally peaked. 

"Fuck yes, fuck yes," she growled. "I need a cock."

She hurried inside, and grabbed her dildo from under her pillow on the bed. She lay down and slid it deep into her cunt, working it in and out. 

"Oh God, oh Jesus, ooohhh fuck yes."

She lay on the bed staring at the ceiling, recovering, her breathing heavy. It wasn't as good as being fucked in the drive way or alley, but it was pretty good.

She wondered when and if she would see her mysterious lover again.