 Elle walked into the bar nervously. She didn't usually suffer from nerves, but this was a new experience. After a few weeks of debating, she was going to meet a couple to consider a threesome. She had briefly dated the man over a year ago, but never met the lady. They had reached out and she had decided to try to fulfil a longstanding fantasy of hers.

As she walked in, they were seated up at the bar. The first thing she noticed was the long elegant legs of the lady. Immediately she thought what it might be like to kiss he way to the top of those legs. Then she banished the thought; "play it cool!" she thought. No point getting worked up now or her words would tumble out in random order. Nobody wants to have a threesome with a blithering idiot!

She walked up, with a simple "Hey guys!" and kissed them both on the cheek. Nick was in a T shirt and jeans and his companion in a loose fitting dress and cardigan. They both looked effortlessly sexy. Or maybe that was just in Elle's head (no sex in over 2 weeks had made her very on-edge).

They chatted casually about life, the weather, and what Donald Trump was doing to the world. They all had a drink and the conversation flowed easily. After the second drink, Rachael asked Elle if she felt like a cup of tea; 

"Always; any chance of dessert too?" 

Rachael and Nick laughed and she said "we might be able to rustle up something."

They walked the short distance back to Nick's apartment, laughing and chatting along the way. It was always hard to make the first physical move, so Elle took Rachael's hand and admired her nail polish while they waited on the lights, and then held on to her hand as they crossed the road.

When they got settled in the apartment, a quick chat was had about safe words, boundaries and the logistics of things. Everyone agreed that they felt comfortable, and Elle admitted to her preference to be dominated. Rachael and Nick smiled and said that was perfect.

Elle went to the bathroom and when she got back, Nick was massaging Rachael's shoulders/neck while some soft music played in the background. They had turned the lights down, lit candles, and topped up 3 glasses of cold white wine.

Elle hesitated, unsure where she fitted in; but Rachael invited her to sit on the floor beneath the couple on the couch. Rachael started to run her hands through Elle's hair and rub her neck. She immediately started to relax. She could feel that familiar warmth in the centre of her pussy as it woke up from a few weeks of no attention. This comfortable touching went on for a little while with minimal talking, then Nick said 

"ok I think you girls should get to know each other better."

Rachael stood and pulled Elle to her feet. Ell was wearing a loose top and some fitted jeans, and Rachael in her little summer dress. Elle noticed Rachael had beautiful eyes and told her so, then Rachael responded by pulling Elle's head to the side and gently kissing her neck. 

"Tell me what you would like me to do to you..." she whispered in Elle's ear. This move of dominance by Rachael made the throbbing in Elle's core more insistent. She was so ready to be dominated by this strong beautiful woman while her partner looked on. 

"mmmmm...I want to taste your pussy..." started Elle nervously. Rachael rewarded her with a bite on her earlobe.

"And what else...?"

"mmmmm...I want to watch you fuck Nick and..." Elle hesitated, unsure if she wanted to share just how submissive and used she wanted to be... 

"If you don't ask you don't get..." Continued Rachael as she lowered her fingers to rub Elle's pussy through her jeans...Elle gasped...

"I want...I want to clean both your cum off you after you've fucked; I want to be your sex slave, your toy; I want to service you both with my mouth and my pussy..." Elle spurted out in a frenzied gasp as she felt her pussy respond to Rachael's fingers.

"Good girl; that's more like it..." Said Rachael as she undid Elle's top button. Rachael and Elle undressed each other as Nick watched; his firm cock pushing hard against his jeans.

"Well, aren't you quite pleasing to the eye!" said Rachael when Elle was down to just her undies. "Leave those on." Rachael commanded, "We will get back to you when we are ready, now it's time for Nick to have some attention; while I undress him, you should stand in front of the window so that everyone can see what a needy slut you are; down to just your undies in a matter of moments; bend over so I can see that little wet patch from your juicy cunt." Elle bent over, ass pointed towards the couple, tits hanging down, nipples hard, hands against the floor to ceiling windows looking out across the city for anyone to look up and see. She could feel her voyeuristic submissive side just basking in the depravity.

Rachael undressed Nick while Elle watched, kissing him deeply and nibbling his neck. When he was fully naked he sat back down. "Crawl to me and worship this cock." said Rachael sternly, Elle crawled across the floor, hungry to taste the glistening pre cum on the end of his magnificent cock. She lapped at it, then swirled her mouth around the large end, so turned on by the whole situation she felt like she could come without being touched. She felt Rachael move behind her and then...nothing. She was wondering what was coming when she felt a swat to her backside SMACK as she was spanked by Rachael's hand. She jumped and made a gasp around Nick's huge swollen cock; he moaned; it was obviously pleasant having her moan around his pulsating member. Rachael noticed too, and started a steady stream of spanks each punctuated with some dirty talk.

SPANK

"That's it, suck my boyfriend's big cock."

SPANK

"Oh your little pussy is so wet you little slut."

SPANK

"Take that cock deeper; show me how much you want it."

SPANK

"If you want your pussy licked you need to do better than that."

SPANK

"That's right, moan like a little whore."

SPANK

This went on for about 5 minutes til everyone in the room was panting; Rachael was rubbing herself under her dress as she spanked with her other hand, Nick was getting his large cock deep throated and sucked, and Elle was getting spanked.

Rachael then peeled down Elle's undies and said

"Good girl, keep going, maybe you deserve a little reward."

Elle felt Rachaels fingers gently explore her pussy, just tickling the outsides and then dipping a finger a little deeper to get some wetness. "Oh Nick said you have a juicy responsive pussy; now I can see that he wasn't exaggerating!" Then Elle felt a gentle wetness around her ass. "Nick also said you like anal, and can even take his big cock in that tight little hole; let's see if we can open it up a little."

Rachael started to lick Elle's little tight rosebud, and Elle felt like she would cum with just one touch of her clit or pussy. The pressure built and she started to relax; soon Rachael was easily penetrating Elle's ass with a finger and her tongue. Elle's pussy was dripping onto the floor, her upper thighs coated with wetness. However, Rachael wouldn't let her cum, slowing or stopping each time she came close. Suddenly Nick pulled his cock out of Elle's mouth and Rachael stopped her anal assault. 

"Why don't we move this to the bedroom; I want to fill this slut with toys and edge her, then use her as our little fuck toy like she wants." said Nick (the first time he'd spoken in quite a while).

"Perfect honey!" Said Rachael kissing him on the lips.

"Stay here slut, we have some things to set up in the bedroom; you can drink your wine and then you can crawl into the bedroom when we call you...understood?"

"Yes ma'am." said Elle, eager to please.

"And remember your safe words?"

"Yes ma'am." said Elle.

Rachael walked over, lifted Elle by the chin to stand face to face with her, slid her fingers between Elle's pussy lips briefly, getting them wet, then put them to Elle's mouth and said "Suck them clean; good girl; I will be very unhappy if you use those safe words."

"Yes ma'am." said Elle, and Rachael kissed her firmly, hard and deep on the mouth and walked to the bedroom with Nick, leaving Elle hungry for more...