 Ellie and I became lovers when we were freshmen in college. She was this small, slight little goth girl, with waist-length straight black hair and flowing black dresses. Her smile was a Mona Lisa thing, fuzzy at the edges and hinting as something naughty. She rarely spoke but often stared, and it was this staring that originally caught my attention. We had an English class together, and because she couldn't keep her eyes off of me, I couldn't keep mine off of her.

Our affair was brief but intense. We were eighteen, and these were days of cutting class and going back to our parents' empty houses to fuck in the simple, clean manner of beasts. She was so innocent and direct, simply hungering to be fucked, with no pretense or practice. She was so happy to just lie back and be stuffed full of my cock, and it was easy and free of meaning. 

But then, we grew up. She met a guy, then another guy, then her husband. She had kids, built a life, drifted off. I did the same - a career, a different sense of authority and self. We connected years later over Facebook, of all places. Our correspondence was light and flirtatious and full of substance, twenty years of catching up. I learned the names of her children, the details of her divorce, her plans to start a new business. I told her how I had picked up a little gray, dressed more professionally, was no longer that awkward boy. It was only a matter of time before our correspondence led to a meeting, and one evening, I found myself making dinner and awaiting her arrival at my house in the city.

She was older, but still youthful. The lines on her face were comely and handsome. Her hair was no longer the jet black I remembered, but a warm honey-brown that fell to her waist in a soft straight cascade. She dressed like a mother - simply, jeans and a sweater, a practical pair of glasses. 

And you know where this goes. We had dinner, talked, furtively looked each other over, shared prolonged glances. We sat on the couch side by side, her small elfish voice warm and vibrant, her hand touching my arm when she laughed, and then my thigh. Leaning in to kiss her was the easiest thing, just picking up where we'd left off, her mouth soft and welcoming. 

What happened next was the surprising part. Ellie, the shy little goth girl, deftly unbuckled my belt, tugged my jeans open, and reached in. "I missed your cock," she whispered. 

I went rock-hard with little effort. My hands dived into her sweater, unclasping her bra, teasing those lovely sensitive nipples. When we undressed, I was amazed at how lovely her body was - after twenty years and two children, still those limber hips, those pert little breasts with their pink pointy nipples, that grippable ass. I took her to the bed, pushed her onto her back, and mounted her. My swollen cock brushed against her closely-trimmed pubic hair, then against her glistening pussy lips. I ground my teeth gently against the flesh of her neck, my hips rising, the head of my cock teasing her slit ... and then she shifted, my cock now brushing her thigh. Again and again this happened - her hips grinding against mine, my cock nearly pushing into her, and then the frustrating shift, the loss. My breathing was heavy, almost a growl. My hand gripped her ass, my other hand in her hair. I thought, she's going to tease me and leave me with nothing.

And then, the shy little goth girl, the one who was so simple and innocent, grabbed my ass and pulled me up her body. the awkward little goth girl looked me in the eyes as she impelled me to straddle her chest, my cock brushing her chin. This sweet, innocent little thing bent her head down, wrapping her soft lips around my cock.

I moaned. Everything after this was instinct, my hips beginning to pump. She whimpered around my cock, and I closed my eyes as I gripped the headboard. Her nipples were rock-hard against my thighs as I began to thrust into her mouth, her tongue slick and warm against the underside of my shaft. She whimpered against my cock, and I whimpered too, my mind completely empty of anything but the feel of her mouth wrapped around me. 

I gritted my teeth as I began to fuck her mouth like a cunt, my balls brushing against her chin. She must have been bobbing her head in time with my cock - I'm not sure. Her hand gripped my ass, urging me on, compelling me to jam my cock into her throat. I could feel her body rocking beneath me as I pounded her mouth, my fingernails digging into the headboard.

My balls swelled, heavy with my cum, then tightened. Right on the edge, I opened my eyes - it was the sight of her eyes shining up at me in the dark that made me explode. My hips jerked sharply, a guttural cry escaping me as I emptied my balls straight down her throat. My cock kept pulsing and spasming, and it because sweetly painful, deliciously sensitive. She stroked my ass and pushed me gently back, and I could see sticky trails of my cum at the edges of her mouth. I rolled off of her and toyed with her nipples, catching my breath. 

And then the shy little goth girl, having grown into her beauty, slid down my body and slowly, lovingly, licked me clean.