 Summer camp was one of my favorite summer activities when I was young. My parents would normally send me for a week or two and they were always happy times. When I grew too old to be a camper I decided to stay on as a counselor, and suddenly the place took on a whole new life. Camp shuts down at night for the kids, but starts to kick into gear for the counselors.

Things got especially out of hand during the session breaks – Saturday nights. The camp was empty of kids and most counselors drove home. A few, who either had no vehicle or lived too far away to go home, hung out in the camp on Saturday nights. Usually one of the older counselors would make a run to a liquor store and bring back a large bottle of something cheap to make the night more interesting.

One of the last session breaks of the summer turned into a very interesting night for me. A small group was sitting in a cabin in the women's unit, passing around a bottle of cheap vodka. There were maybe 10 of us, and I was the youngest so they kept the bottle away from me. Bastards. Anyway, the group was entirely paired up, men to women, except for Ellie and me. Ellie was short and pretty with large breasts and a short pixie haircut. She was drinking heavily because her steady boyfriend, Mason, had just left camp for good, having to report to training camp for his football team. Mason was a jock, big and strong, handsome enough to make you sick, and a real ladies man. Ellie was heart-broken, and by her increasingly slurred words, drunk and horny as hell.

The other couples were nice enough to her and tried to cheer her up, but as the candles burned low and the buzzes increased, people started to get silly. I wasn't planning anything but I was sure lusting after Ellie. I figured I'd be jerking off in an hour or so but I could live with it. The girls I had been fooling around with that summer had all gone home for the weekend and I was a little bit of an outsider in this group. They all knew me and the counselors weren't really clique-ish, I just hadn't spent much time with the particular people in the group.

Eventually somebody suggested a skinny dip at the pool. What group of horny, drunken teenagers is going to refuse that? Everybody jumped at the idea, even Ellie who was normally a little more reserved. I got the job of being her chaperone for the evening since everybody else was "taken." I didn't mind – she was nice to look at even if she was poor company, and skinny dipping with beautiful women is always fun.

The pool was close, but also closed. We knew we would have to sneak in. The fence was tall and tipped with barbed wire but the bathhouse had no roof and nothing but height to deter us. The men could easily grab the top with a strong jump but the women needed some help. We sent 2 men over the wall and then helped all the women over. I was the last one in, and what a sight it was to see.

We didn't have the key to turn on the lights but a bright clear moon lit up those beautiful young bodies quite nicely. I was about to disrobe when I noticed Ellie fully clothed and just dangling her feet in the water. This would not do.

"Come on Ellie! Are you going to be the only person here with clothes on?" I asked as I sat next to her and started taking off my shoes and socks.

"Well, I thought I might sit here for a little while first," she slurred, more than a little tipsy. Her voice clearly conveyed her sorrow at her missing boyfriend.

"You still miss him, don't you?"

She nodded silently, looking down into the folded hands in her lap. I extended a comforting hand around her shoulders and hugged her a little, keeping it entirely friendly.

"Hey, I can't tell you how to feel, but I bet if you get in and have some fun you'll feel a little better." Just then, a drunk, naked Victor ran up on the dive board, threw his head back and gave a Tarzan yell, then jumped ass first into the water near the others. I saw Ellie smile and chuckle at that.

"See, you can still have some fun." I stood up and quickly got naked, tossed my clothes well away from the splash zone, and jumped in. The water felt wonderful in this early August heat and the sensation on my privates made me instantly aware that I was not getting laid tonight – unlike almost everybody else here. I figured I needed to come up with something to keep people occupied in a group for a little while so I jumped back out and grabbed a kick-ball. I tossed it in the water near the rest of the group and they quickly started a game of toss-around.

What simple pleasures, being young, naked and carefree. Even though I wasn't getting any, I had a great time watching the other girls play. We tossed the ball around for a little while, but Ellie just sat and watched. I eventually went to one of the girls and suggested she try to pressure Ellie into joining us.

"Come on, Tits, get in the fucking water!" she yelled. "Tits" was apparently her nickname. It was appropriate. Her large, round breasts were the envy of every woman and the lust of every man, and set on her smallish frame they looked amazing.

"I don't want to. I'm cold."

They started splashing at her and she retreated, yelling at them to stop. They were too far gone by now to play nicely and they kept taunting her and splashing so I figured it was time to get her out of there.

I jumped out and scolded them playfully for a moment, then grabbed my clothes. I went over to Ellie near the bathhouse and dried off on somebody else's clothes. I know that was mean but my reasoning was, "hey, screw 'em."

"Are you alright?"

"Yeah, I just want to go back to my cabin," she said, still a little pissed from the splashing.

"No problem – I'll take you back." I was fully clothed by now, and I realized that we had a problem - the wall. "Um....shit."

"What?

"We need to get you over that wall."

"Oh, yeah."

We went over to the bath house and I was able to let her climb me to an extent, then push her up to the top of the wall with a hand on her pretty little ass. I jumped up myself, but before I could get to the other side to help her down she jumped on her own. I heard a squeal of pain as I vaulted the top and I saw Ellie in a pile on the ground. I landed next to her and bent down to help her up.

"Are you OK?" I asked, holding out my hand.

"I think so. Hurt my ankle," she drawled, a mixture of alcohol and southern accent. I helped her sit up and took her leg in my hands, feeling for a serious injury. There were no protruding bones or blood, and she didn't protest as I slowly rotated her ankle, so we figured she would be fine.

I helped her up and placed an arm around her to help support her as we hobbled slowly back to her cabin. My hand was in a wonderful spot, just below her breast and in excellent contact. It was all I could do to not twist my hand and palm that lovely thing.

Trying to hold her up was difficult with our mismatched heights, so after a few dozen yards I just scooped her up in my arms and carried her. She gave a little "Whee!" sound as I lifted her and threw her arm over my shoulder; her head nestled into my neck. Her other hand rested against my chest and she snuggled into me a little.

"You're strong," she said quietly into my chest.

"I have to be."

"How come?"

"To get a lovely woman like you to notice me. But you never noticed me."

"I did too, it's just..." she trailed off to silence.

"Yeah, somebody else caught your eye."

"Yeah." She sounded depressed, but her hand kept moving on my chest, playing with the hair peeking out from the open front.

"Well, he is a lucky man. I had a serious crush on you at the beginning of the summer, but it was obvious you were with Mason so I just let it go."

"That's sweet. I never knew you liked me." Still her fingers played with my chest hair and the scent of her hair and skin flowed up into my face.

"Well, I did. Still do, actually." She remained silent after that as I walked through the darkened camp towards her cabin. With the camp essentially empty she had the place to herself. The cabins were built to withstand small wars, with huge support timbers and military style bunk beds. I pulled open the door and carried her in, setting her gently on the only single cot in the cabin.

As she hit the mattress, she struck a sexy little pose and her eyes lingered on me blurrily. She looked fantastic in her very short cut-offs and her always-tight t-shirt, and I paused far too long looking at her. It was one of those uncomfortable pauses, full of sexual tension as we allowed our eyes to explore one another. I finally broke the tension, and being the nice guy that I am I tried to back out gracefully.

"Wow. OK, I think I should go, or else I'm going to start taking advantage of your buzz." I moved away slowly, toward the door.

"And just how would you take advantage of me?" she asked innocently.

"Well, I would probably make an honest and reasonable request, but something that would probably lead to more."

"What's your request?" A raised eyebrow made clear that, even through the haze of alcohol, her mind was still moving the same way as mine.

"I'd like to see your breasts. I was thrilled when we all went to the pool because I though I would get to see you. I was really disappointed that I didn't. And it would be only fair since you saw me naked."

"Well, I don't know." She sat up and rearranged her ample bosom in her shirt, causing a jolt to my system. "I might let you see them, but like you said, it might lead to something else."

"You can trust me. If you say no more, then you get no more."

She thought about that for a moment, absently fondling the side of her left breast with her knuckles. "I don't think so. You look like a guy who gets what he wants."

I was getting a little desperate now and the nice guy was quickly giving way to the horny guy. I looked around for some way to make this work when my eyes fell on what might be my salvation – a pile of bandanas. For some reason they were the fashion trend of the day and everyone had a few. Ellie had several and must have done laundry earlier in the day because they were sitting in a neatly folded pile near the closet.

I grabbed 2 of them and sat at the end of one of the lower bunk beds. I tied one wrist to the bed frame of the bunk over my head and fastened it tight with my hand and teeth. I held out the other one to Ellie and met her quizzical look with my idea.

"Tie my other hand to the frame. Then there is no way I can do anything you don't want me to. I'd be your slave. Come on – please? I've been in love with your tits since the first day I got here. Please don't leave me hanging." She thought about it for a bit, and her exhibitionism won out.

"OK, if you want it that bad...." She got up and wobbled over to me on her bad ankle and buzzed brain. She took the offered bandana and tied my right hand loosely to the frame of the upper bunk. I could have freed that hand easily but I had no intentions of doing anything she didn't want me to. I was certainly hoping she would want to, though.

Once she finished tying me down she took a few steps away, standing less than 6 feet in front of me. The 2 naked 100-watt bulbs in the cabin illuminated her well as she pulled her arms in the sleeves and started taking off her bra under cover. She kept her eyes on me and a wicked smile on her lips. I think she was enjoying the control of having my hungry eyes devour her while knowing I could do nothing.

Her bra came out from under the dark t-shirt and fell to the floor. Under the shirt she ran her hands over her breasts a bit, teasing me with the covered show. That didn't last long as she turned to show me her back. She pushed the shirt up over her head and tossed it over to her bunk. I could see the sides of her large breasts on either side of her torso, and my cock started to grow and twitch.

Her exhibitionist streak, encouraged I am sure by the alcohol, kicked in as she started to sway her hips to some tune in her head. Her hands covered the fronts of her breasts and she turned her head and shoulders around to look at me, still moving her ass to her internal soundtrack. She laughed out loud, presumably at the look on my face. I was completely focused on her body and the large globes barely concealed by her little hands. She turned completely around and abandoned her strip-tease dance. Her hands left their positions of cover and rested on her hips, legs akimbo.

Wow. I am rarely speechless, but I sat there and gaped like an idiot, silent. Her breasts were incredible. They were full and round and still winning the fight against gravity. They weren't grossly huge or high and hard like implants, just plump and inviting. If I were in a cartoon, my eyes would be popping and my tongue would be uncoiled on the floor. As it was, I had other physical reactions.

With her little dance and my high level of anticipation I had a nearly full erection straining its boundaries in my shorts. My position was already a little uncomfortable because of the design of the cot but with the arrival of my little friend it was downright painful. As much as I wanted to focus all of my attention on Ellie's wonderful charms, I had to start wiggling around to reduce the pressure.

It didn't work. My dick was caught in a fold of my underwear and neither force seemed likely to give. Discomfort turned to pain, then to a bit of panic.

"What the hell is wrong with you?" Ellie must have been a little annoyed at my lack of attention which I had begged for.

"Uh, I'm in some pain right now. You gave me a boner and it's aimed the wrong way." I was still writhing and wriggling and trying to undo the knot of fabric and flesh but it wasn't working. I was about to get my hand out of the loosely tied bandana when I had a thought.

"Ellie, please untie me – I'm begging you!" I've always been a good actor and drunk, horny audiences are the easiest.

"Bullshit! You are just trying to get your hands on me!" I knew that was coming, and that's why I asked.

"Oh shit, please! Please it hurts!" I was laying it on thick but I was in some pain. "Look, either untie me or help me out yourself. Please, Ellie, you don't know how much this hurts!"

"What do you mean?"

"Come over here and pull my shorts around, or off – anything! Damn this hurts!"

"You want me to take your shorts off?"

"Yes! Or just move them around, anything to get this thing loose!" I let an edge of panic enter my voice for effect. It wasn't difficult. Ellie stood there, still topless, looking at my crotch and trying to figure out what to do. I continued my awkward dance and beamed my best helpless, pleading face at her.

"OK, just don't try anything." Ellie stepped toward me and I pushed my hips forward as far as I could in that odd position. She popped open the button easily, then pulled down the zipper. My hips started to writhe again almost involuntarily from the pain, because any extra space I might have had was disappearing rapidly as Ellie's fingers rubbed against my confined penis. She paused, perhaps unsure exactly what to do without hurting me. One look up at my pained face gave her the courage to go ahead and pull down my denim shorts to my ankles.

Unfortunately, the problem was with my boxers. We could both see the oddly positioned bulge that had become caught in a fold with nowhere to go. Ellie quickly grabbed at the fabric and pulled it away from my body, finally releasing my poor erection.

I almost collapsed with relief. The pain was gone, and the air on my flesh was cool and comforting. It took me a moment to realize that there WAS air on my cock, and I looked down to see that Ellie had pulled the boxers down just enough to expose me completely.

"Damn." She said, still bent over in front of me, face close to my naked member. "I knew you were big from the pool, but it's huge now." Her eyes were fixed on it as she stood back up and stepped back, arms now crossed under her prodigious tits.

"Yeah, see what you did?" I intended it as a bit of a joke but she didn't respond. Her attention was fixed on my dick, poking out from me into the cabin. I have a healthy sized cock, about 8 inches, though it isn't likely to scare too many women. Right then it was about as hard as it ever got so I think it looked fairly impressive.

After a moment Ellie realized I had spoken to her. "What?" Her eyes flew to my face for a moment, then back down to my crotch, then up to my face again. Then she realized I had been watching her. She blushed furiously and put both hands to her face.

"Don't worry about it, Ellie. I was probably looking at your tits like that a few minutes ago, wasn't I? Besides, it's only fair." She calmed down a little and thought about it. 

"I guess that's true. That's a nice one you have there."

"Thanks. It's my favorite." I winced in pain again, this time purely false. 

"What's wrong now?"

"It still hurts. Thank you for helping me, but I think it's going to be sore for a while."

"Aw. That's a shame." She hesitated now and I could see that she was pondering a decision. It was written all over her inebriated face. I had hopes, but I didn't know until she spoke next. "Is there anything I can do to help?"

This is where I look to the camera and raise an eyebrow.

"Well, if you don't mind, maybe a little massage would help," I said in as reasonable and pleading tone as I could muster. "I would do it myself, but I can't get free." That was intended to remind her that she was in charge, and it worked like a charm. 

"I guess you can't do anything tied up like that, can you?"

"Not unless I tear down the bunk bed, and I don't think I can manage that." Actually, I could, even if my right hand wasn't easily freed. Again she considered for a moment, but the lust was rising in her and she was feeling few inhibitions. 

She came forward and sat down in front of me on the wooden floor, legs tucked under her. She reached out hesitantly, but finally went through with it and put her right hand on my shaft. I sighed explosively and my dick jerked in reaction to her touch. With a gentle hand, she stroked up and down the shaft, caressing it gently with her fingertips, eyes locked on her work.

"You like that?"

"Oh, hell yes. That's nice." I think we were beyond the pretense of 'a massage' at that point, but it was unclear just how far this would go. I was fully energized and ready to ride this girl until dawn but I would have to wait and see where it went.

She continued her slow motions but soon her feathery touch changed to a firm grip, and the gentle massage became a methodical hand job. I watched her intently but she didn't look up. She just stared at my cock and balls as her hand slid up and down it's length. She was moving too slowly to bring me to orgasm but the feeling of pressure was building.

After a while she seemed to have an idea. She looked up briefly and saw my hungry eyes, then flashed me a little smile as she got up off the floor and onto her knees. She moved in close in front of me, my cock and her tits nearly level. I was dying to feel the back of her throat resisting my thrusting dick but she had a more subtle thing in mind.

She pushed up her left breast and pulled my cock down, then rubbed them together. Her flesh was soft and giving, and as she pressed the length of my cock into her full breast I realized how wonderfully erotic this was. I still wanted the blowjob, but this was nice too.

She rubbed my cock all over her tit, playing with the nipple against my oozing head, and then repeating the show with the other breast. The whole time she split her view between the action and my face. I loved it when she turned that pretty little face up at me. I was in heaven. The sight of this lovely, busty woman rubbing my dick across her tits was one of those things that sticks with you. Even now, many years after, I can summon that image in memory and start a very quick erection.
