 Ellie entered the bathroom and turned on the light. The reflection staring back at her seemed somehow different. She ran the water and washed her face. The cold water was a relief on her cheeks which seemed to be burning up. After completing her ablutions she gave one last lingering look to the mirror and then, smiling to herself, switched off the light. 

She quietly opened the door to Claire's bedroom and slipped inside. She began to undress slowly, her whole body still tingling with the aftershocks of the huge orgasm she had experienced with Paul. She smiled to herself as her bra dropped to the floor followed by her soaking panties. As she snuggled up to Claire's familiar warmth, a pang of guilt cut her to the core. Although she had slept with other men before, even sharing a guy with Claire once or twice, she felt as though she had cheated on her friend and to make matters worse it had been after the poor man's wife's funeral. It was all a bit fucked up she thought as she sighed and rolled over, her firm soft buttocks pressing against Claire's.

"Are you asleep?" whispered Claire 

"No. I'm sorry did I wake you?"

"Its ok I was just lying here thinking about mum and I guess I began to drift...What am I gonna do Ellie?"

Ellie felt Claire's arms come around her and the warmth of her body washed over her as she snuggled up close. Even though she was tired from her encounter with Paul she felt herself shudder as the swell of Claire's breasts pressed into her back. She felt her nipples hardening as Claire's hand snaked over her shoulder and let out a soft moan as her friend began to gently caress her breasts. 

"I want you Ellie. I need to feel you right now baby. Come to me."

Ellie turned to face Claire and moved to kiss her gently. Their kissing became more urgent as their hands explored each others bodies. They knew each other intimately, like only lovers can, and soon Ellie was moving down the bed kissing, licking, nibbling and sucking on Claire's tender flesh until she reached her goal. Claire opened her legs and stared down at her beautiful friend who was licking the insides of her thighs, teasing her with long wet licks never quite touching her pussy which was by now dripping wet. 

"Lick it baby. Please I need to feel your tongue inside me. Push it in and I'll come straight into your mouth. PLEASE BABY!"

Ellie licked her fingers and began to rub them up and down Claire's slit, pausing when she reached her protruding clit which she pinched gently between her finger and thumb. As she did so, a small trickle of pearly cream seeped out of Claire's pussy and Ellie lapped up the tangy juices. She licked and sucked on Claire's pussy as if her life depended on it. Her fingers jamming in and out of the vice like grip while her mouth sucked up the free flowing juices.Claire's moans were getting louder and louder until Ellie felt her go stiff as she gushed to climax all over Ellie's tongue and lips.

"OH baby that was so good. You know no-one makes me come like you do!"

Claire gazed down adoringly at Ellie's face which was glistening with her sticky juices. She pulled Ellie up toward her and kissed her passionately, tasting her own juices and moaning into her mouth. 

"I wanna taste you now baby. I want you to come into my mouth, all over my tongue! " 

With that she forced Ellie onto her back and pinned her arms to her sides. Claire licked her way over Ellie's breasts down past her navel and to her tender reddened pussy. 

"Oh you are dripping wet Ellie. Is this all for me baby?"

Ellie nodded frantically and sighed as Claire's fingers and tongue began their assault on her burning pussy.She sucked up her labia, twirling her tongue through the fleshy lips until she found Ellie's sensitive nub.She teased the tip of her clit before nibbling it and then blowing onto the red hot flesh, cooling it briefly before resuming her licking. Ellie couldn't hold on much longer. As the pressure grew between her legs she began to moan louder, gasping for breath and feeling the beginning of another huge climax. Claire's tongue was sliding deeper and deeper into her pussy, her nose pressing up against the tingling nub of her clit. Ellie's thighs clamped around Claire's head as she began to submit to the wave of euphoria sweeping through her entire body. The thought that Claire was licking out her pussy which was still dripping with her Father's spunk was too much for her to take and her body began to shake wildly, her hips bucking up and down as she poured out her juices into her lovers mouth. After a few moments of moaning and spasming, Ellie's quivering thighs released their grip on Claire,who rose up panting softly, her face glistening with sticky fluid.

"Wow Ellie, you came really hard! I thought you were gonna suffocate me down there! " She laughed as she slid up Ellie's exhausted body to lie next to her face to face. 

"Yeah that was some orgasm! " Ellie replied, feeling herself blush at the thought of what she had done.

"Ellie, can I ask you something?" 

"Sure. What is it?"

"Well this is gonna sound a bit weird but when you came into my mouth, you really came. I mean... it was like you were leaking spunk... I know its crazy, but when I tasted it just drove me wild. I know there's no way it could have been spunk, but it tasted just like it, mixed with your juices though, and it was delicious. Unless... " 

Claire's voice trailed off as she looked her friend right in the eye,

"Did you fuck someone today Ellie?"

Ellie's heart was thundering in her chest as she looked into Claire's beautiful eyes. She knew she couldn't lie to her but the guilt of having fucked Paul on the day his wife was buried was beginning to gnaw at her soul

"Yes Claire I did. I'm sorry but I guess it was the whole funeral thing getting to me. I just lost control. I'm sorry baby I didn't mean to upset you. I just..."

"Shh Ellie its OK! Really it is. You know how much I enjoy fucking men and I know you love it too. You also know how wet it made me when we shared that delivery guy that time. God I loved watching him saw in and out of your pussy. I came really hard, don't you remember?"

Ellie remembered. She recalled the situation with extreme clarity. The guy had been delivering a new sofa to the apartment above Ellie's, but the elderly couple had been out. On exploring the rear of the building he had spied Claire licking Ellie out and begun to masturbate. They had caught him and spent the entire afternoon taking turns on his meaty cock. By the end he was too tired to carry the sofa in and had just left it outside. She then recalled how hungrily Claire had licked his come from between her legs, sucking out every drop and bringing herself off with a dildo whilst she 'fed'.

"Was it any one I know?"

Claire's voice abruptly brought her back from her daydream.

"Yeah I guess you do."

"Well?"

"Paul." she whispered

"Paul?"

"Yeah"

"OK so was he any good?"

"Oh he was better than good Claire, he was the best!"

"Wow! So are you gonna see him again? I mean is it serious? Or can we share him maybe?"

"Well that depends."

"On what Babe?"

"On whether or not you want to be fucked by your Daddy."

There she had said it. The thought had been building in her mind for the last few moments and it was driving her insane. 

Claire's face had flushed and her mouth was gaping.

"Daddy?! You fucked my Daddy?!"

"Yes Claire I did. I've always wanted him and tonight he was finally mine."

"Oh my God Ellie! Then that means I... I... the taste was his..."

"Yes Claire you ate mine and your Dad's combined come tonight and my guess is that you liked it!"

Claire sat staring up at Ellie, her face a picture of confusion and conflict.

"Ellie, how could you do this? And on the day of my Mum's funeral! WHAT THE HELL WERE YOU THINKING? I mean I know you've always fancied Dad but this is... its sick!"

Tears began to well in Claire's eyes as she realised the full extent of what had happened. Ellie just stared into space, unfazed by Claire's gentle sobbing. All she could think about was Paul and his monster cock filling her over and over.

"Ellie? Ellie!"

She was pulled from her daydream and realised that she had been idly fingering herself. Her pussy lips were red and sore from coming so much but she just couldn't help it.

"Listen Claire, I know you're upset right now but try to understand. What happened with Paul and I tonight wasn't some cheap meaningless fuck OK! I really like him and he NEEDED something tonight so I gave it to him. Believe me when I tell you that I still love you and want you like I always have, but now I want Paul, I mean your Father, too!"

"But its so wrong Ellie!"

"Why? Why is it wrong?"

"It just is! I realise that you're fond of Dad, but he's so vulnerable right now. I just don't want to see him get hurt, that's all!"

"I would never hurt him Claire, you know that. The truth is that after tonight I'm more convinced than ever that he is the right one for me!"

"What? You mean that you think you love him? That's crazy Ellie"

"Is it? I've always loved him Claire, just like I've always loved you. We can make this work baby, believe me we can!"

"I don't know Ellie. I just don't know if I can handle this whole thing so soon after mum..."

"Look, lets get some sleep now, Christ it's 4:55 am. We can talk about it in the morning. OK?"

"OK!"

Claire snuggled up close to Ellie in the bed letting the slow rise and fall of her lover's chest send her softly to sleep.

Ellie, however, was wide awake and wondering how she was going to make this whole thing work...