 Ellie stood in front of the full-length mirror, turned sideways slightly and ran her hand over her thigh and down her leg a little. She smoothed the soft material of her dress and turned back to face herself full on. She seemed to approve, the dress stopped at her knee, clinging to her legs and hips, synched in to her waist and outlined the shape of her still firm 46-year-old breasts.

She put a finger under each bootlace shoulder strap, adjusted the positions on each and again turned sideways to the mirror, this time she used the back of her hands to gently raise each breast, noting a small amount of 'side boob' on view when her hands were raised.

She fluffed up her bobbed ash blonde hair and gained 2 inches in height as she stepped into her high-heeled shoes.

A moment later the hotel room door slammed behind her as she headed downstairs to the bar. She passed a couple of men on the way down who nodded and said good evening, she felt them turn to watch her as she passed them.

She had been expecting dinner with Kevin, her husband of 20 years, but a last minute,

"I'm stuck in a meeting, go ahead without me," text had scampered that.

She walked into the bar and headed to a space with a high stool, placed her room key card in front of her and ordered a large G&T from the barman. Reflected in the mirror behind the bottles opposite she again caught site of herself, just as she lifted her G&T again. She wondered if she needed to lift the straps on her flowery dress as her breasts rose and fell inside the taught material, she fidgeted with the straps but couldn't make any adjustment.

Groups of people came to the bar, ordered and drifted off as others took their place. She emptied her glass several times.

As an older noisy group moved away a younger guy, probably late twenties, maybe thirty, took his place beside Ellie and awaited service. Her mobile announced another text.

"Now I've missed the last train, I'll have to stop over and get an early one in the morning, sorry, call you when the meetings finished if it's not too late."

Ellie put the phone down heavily, a little crest fallen, she was looking forward to this evening, now TV beckoned.

"Problem?" Asked the younger guy, as he caught the Barman's eye, 

"Not really, work scuppers evening out again." and she laughed.

"Hard luck." He picked up his drink and made to move away. "Look;

I'm Tom by the way; we're having a quick dip in the sea as the sun goes down. The hotel has it's own beach right outside the lounge, come and join us." and he pointed to the double doors leading out onto a private beach.

Ellie shook her head, made a wave at her dress and said, "No thanks, I'm hardly dressed for it."

He took his time, made it obvious he was checking her out from her from knees to her hair, and looking straight into her eyes said, "Oh your definitely dressed for it." 

The innuendo was there but he moved on very quickly. "You don't need a swimsuit anyway; just come and enjoy the sunset." And he moved back just enough to show this was a genuine invite.

Ellie hesitated and he put his hand on her knee, "Not like it's very far." he said nodding to the beachfront yards away. 

"I'll watch the sunset." She said, and Tom offered his hand to help her off the barstool. Ellie picked up her glass, and Tom, still holding her hand began to walk toward the open double doors to the beach. Ellie was a step behind, slightly embarrassed that she was still holding this young mans hand and being led out to the beach.

They stopped on the sand and looked as the sky reddened, Tom's friends were further ahead getting their feet wet, one young guy was just emerging from a quick swim.

Ellie freed her hand from Tom's and took a sip of G&T.

"Lovely isn't it?" Tom asked staring at the horizon and he put his arm behind her, resting his hand, low, in the small of her back.

She flicked her eyes sideways a little surprised but he continued. "Yes lovely."

Ellie wasn't sure whether this was aimed at her or the view. "...And romantic."

He said without looking at her.

"Well it would be romantic if I wasn't old enough to be your mom." Said Ellie trying to take any rising heat out of the situation.

"Well, if; if you were old enough to be my mom that would make you a MILF, I think."

Ellie was taken aback, she worked through the words "...that would make you a 'mommy I'd like to f...' "

"Are you coming on to me Tom?" she asked, like she didn't know it, and he dropped his hand from the small of her back onto the cheek of her arse. 

"Oh I certainly am." he said.

Ellie hadn't even flirted with a man for a long while, she was happily married, enjoyed life, hadn't thought of any 'other activity' but here on the beach, warm sand under her feet, a reddening sunset, an attractive, smooth younger man, high Gin to blood ratio; she was; interested.

A twenty something blonde ran back up the beach toward them, "coming for a swim Tom?" she asked towelling her hair a little. Breasts heaving out of the two-piece, perfect hips more or less covered by the scarlet bikini bottoms.

"No I don't think so, I promised to walk Ellie back to her room,"

Ellie looked sideways to him, "Didn't I Ellie?"

Ellie had to make a decision quickly. "You did Tom, thanks." and Tom took her glass from her and walked over to a table to place both glasses.

The young blonde shook her hair and looked at Ellie's dress, "Great dress," then she stared at Ellie's bust, "Wish I had nipples that stuck out like that," she said looking down at her own pretty well endowed self.

Ellie looked down and was surprised, embarrassed even, that she did indeed have nipples that had decided to make an appearance. She put one hand up to her straps to cover them.

"The young blonde started to run back to the water and looking back over her shoulder she just called "See you Tom, don't wear him out Ellie."

Ellie was again embarrassed, she looked around to see who may have heard, probably no one but here was a young twenty something assuming Ellie was about to go and fuck her friend Tom, thought it was pretty normal and wasn't interested enough in the age difference to hang around.

Tom broke in to her thought. "Better walk you back then now I'm committed." he said, and again took her hand and Ellie allowed him with no comment to lead her back through the bar into the hall and stopped in front of the lift.

Ellie said nothing; she didn't let go of his hand either.

She hadn't said anything to let him think he was going to get lucky, he hadn't been at all forceful, she wasn't totally pissed and yet here she was on her way to her hotel room with someone she has known for an hour. Someone half her age, not short of good-looking women of his own age. Someone she knows absolutely nothing about except that he likes the sunset!

The lift door opened and he waved her in front of him, the door closed behind them.

Ellie, nervous, out of her comfort zone, aroused judging by her nipples still making themselves known, leaned against the mirrored lift walls.

Tom closed the space between them and for the first time all evening placed both hands on her hips and was about to kiss her when she said, "Shouldn't you press the button?"

"You already have." he said and pressed her firmly against the mirrored wall.

She noted her nipples weren't the only hard item in the lift with them.

Tom covered her mouth with is, she kissed him back with a level of fervour that surprised her, they tongued each others lips and mouths as Tom began to explore her boobs and his fingers found her hard nipples and then the little bit of side boob that allowed contact with her skin. Ellie's hand dropped to his crotch and she pressed hard against him with the flat of her hand.

"Floor." Said Tom and she opened her eyes shocked as if to say, not in a lift and not on the floor.

Tom moved his head back and whispered. "Which floor are we heading to?"

Ellie understood.

"Three." And Tom finally pressed the lift button to take them to her room, he returned his hand to her breasts and quickly found still hard nipples.

The lift jerked to a halt at floor three and Ellie's breasts bounced a little in Toms hands, the material of her dress bring them to a halt as the lift door began to open.

In the hall way a couple, early fifties stood to one side as a flustered Ellie tidied her hair with her hand and tried to look down, hoping they hadn't noticed she was a little disheveled.

Tom said a loud." Good evening."

"Looks like it." said the guy getting in the lift and Ellie again felt a pang of embarrassment.

"Shush." she said to Tom.

Outside her room Ellie fumbled with the key card and Tom behind her ran his hand across her arse just as she had run her hand over her own thigh before she left the room.

"I don't believe you are wearing panties." said Tom.

And again, embarrassed she shushed him. "I was expecting to be with someone else tonight, I wasn't; that is." The door finally opened and Tom put his free hand against it. They moved inside and the door slammed behind them, Ellie jumped a little. 

She was very nervous, the last time she had been fucked in a hotel room by a stranger was so long ago he had now turned into her husband, her currently absent husband. 

Tom closed both arms around her and began to kiss her again, she kissed him back forcefully and he her edged her back toward the bed.

Tom slipped a finger under each dress strap and eased them off her shoulders,

She looked own. "They need adjusting I think." she said full of nerves.

Tom kissed her again but the straps held her arms down so she wasn't able to hold him.

He stepped back and slipped the straps further down her arms, past her elbows and the dress followed till it lodged at her nipples for a second, she closed her eyes, Tom thought in ecstasy, she in some embarrassment but the dress was soon at her waist and she opened her eyes to see Tom leaning forward to take a nipple between his lips.

"These have been making an appearance all night." he said between mouthfuls.

"I know, I don't usually have so much trouble."

"I'll take that as a compliment." he said and pulled the clinging dress down to her waist, eased it over her hips and finally let it fall to the floor.

She was indeed without panties.

"I was expecting my..." she murmured.

Tom covered her mouth with his, explored her tidily trimmed mound with his fingers and pushed her back. Her calves bumped against the mattress and she folded back, sitting naked with Tom standing above her.

He undid his shirt and kicked off his shoes, Ellie undid his belt and moved first to the waist button, she struggled and Tom undid the button for her as she pulled down the zip on his jeans and tugged them down.

Tom bent over to kiss her and pushed her back onto the bed. She edged further up the mattress with Tom above her kissing her as they moved.

Once they were completely on the bed Tom dropped himself between her legs, she opened them for him straight away and felt his cock rub against the inside of her thigh, it felt hard, stiff, a little wet and much bigger than she was used to from her husband, but that may have been imagination due to the excitement.

Tom was holding his weight above her on his tanned muscular arms and she circled him with her legs, still a little embarrassed that she was actually fucking a very much younger man. He gripped both her arms just below her wrists and pushed them above her head onto a pillow, both breasts pulled even tighter, her nipples now red, hard and puffy. One slick with saliva and the breast bearing a red mark from Tom's teeth.

He released one wrist and she left it above her head, he reached down between them and was soon guiding his twenty something cock into this forty something's wet pussy. And wet it was. In a couple of hours she had gone from a disappointment to elation and embarrassment, from loyal, devoted, dutiful wife to currently wanton, abandoned lustful woman. And all of these things are the same person.

Tom entered her with ease; wet and wide she thrust up to meet his cock and he lifted himself back up grasping her wrist again. She rose up to meet him with every thrust of his hard cock and soon found herself, unusually, moaning and calling his name, encouraging him to plough deeper up her, to thrust harder into her. At home she was quiet, and restrained but here tonight with Toms balls slapping against her inner thighs she moaned and asked him to fuck her harder, deeper, more. She surprised herself. She could be embarrassed later if she would ever be embarrassed again, but hopefully that part of her had been laid, literally, forever.

As Tom began to speed up his thrusts, Ellie sunk her fingers into his back pulling him hard against herself, making it difficult for even this muscled guy to lift himself high enough for a further thrust, and then just as she called out again "Fuck me Tom." his body stiffened and he flooded her with cum. After a few final thrusts and a convulsive lunge forward Tom fell off his arms onto her, still holding her wrists and they lay breathing heavily.

Tom rolled off her onto his back.

After half an hour Ellie spoke, she was lying with one leg folded over Tom, still lying on his back. Her hand played across his chest. "Where do your friends think you are?" she asked.

Tom thought, "No idea, Karen, you met Karen, will think I'm sleeping with you probably." He thought again, "She might mention it to the guys if they ask."

"God they will think I'm some old slapper." said Ellie.

"No, the girls won't care, the lads will think you are a MILF and I am a lucky sod, how old are you anyway?"

Ellie closed her eyes, "I'm forty-six." she said.

"Then you are a MILF." said Tom and he rolled her away from him straddled her again and bent forward to kiss her. "And I'm going to fuck you again."

But Ellie pushed him up and away a little.

"No, No you're not Tom."

Tom was a bit confused now, a bit late for second thoughts on her behalf.

She pushed him harder and he overbalanced and fell beside her onto his back.

"I'm going to fuck you this time," She said, "But first I'm going to do something else for the first time ever tonight, I'm going to give you a blowjob and you are going to cum in my mouth."

Tom lay stunned as Ellie climbed on top of him and lowered her head towards his cock.

"Has the sun gone down yet?" she said,

Tom looked through the window. "I think so."

"Perfect timing." she said as she went down on Tom.