 Chapter 1 - Ellie Gets Out and Under

Ellie couldn't stand it! If she didn't get laid soon, she was going to have a giant hissy-fit! Ellie hadn't had sex for four weeks since she broke up with her last mistake, Brandon.

Brandon, a Lieutenant at the local airbase, was an arrogant, selfish, fly-boy bastard. He let Ellie blow him at reveille every other day, and why not? She was great at it, and it made him feel like the cock of the walk. But Brandon, once he got his rocks off, never took the time to eat her or even diddled her, so that she could cum in return. After Ellie swallowed his load, he'd thank her and trot off to the shower, leaving her alone to finish herself off. 

Once in a while he would initiate morning sex. He would reach over and rub her tits and pull her nipples and then reach into her crotch and start to finger her clit. However, the minute she was wet enough, he would enter her cunt from behind, fuck, cum and roll out of bed, having satisfied himself with a quickie. Ellie had nothing against quickies; it was just that she wanted one, too. 

At first, Brandon, her ex (she liked to refer to him as her X as if she were crossing him out), was very attentive and always made sure that she too got her jollies when they screwed. As a matter of fact, he would cheer her on like a racehorse coming to the finish as he rode her to climax. Then he'd strut like a peacock to the bathroom, bragging that he and "Wonder Boy," as he called his prick, had worked their magic once again and brought his woman in a winner! But two days after they moved in together, it was all about him. 

Ellie did everything she could to cajole and encourage him to return to his generous fucking ways. She would tell him how expert he was at satisfying her and how she loved exposing her raw emotion to him when he made her writhe in orgasm. But, once the chase was over and sex was always available to him, he settled in, made himself at home and expected service.

Six months later Ellie took the direct approach and told him that the only way he was going to cum before her ever again was if he humped himself. So, if he ever wanted a good morning bugle call or Friday evening fuck, he better be prepared to get her off first.

Bullshit, he called her a selfish, demanding bitch and moved back to the base. That was a month ago.

Ellie hated the idea of going to a local watering hole to pick someone up, but she was desperate. Her vibrator just didn't cut it anymore. She wanted a hot cock attached to a hot body. Hell, she'd settle for a mediocre cock attached to a warm body if she could get it! 

When Friday night came, Ellie put on her best ass-hugging jeans and soft blue cotton tee that would show off her tits. Ellie was not tall, slim or blonde. A petite 5'2" she measured 34C-24-36 and had short curly brown hair. She avoided the bar near the base that the airforce boys frequented and chose, instead, Connie's, an Irish sports pub just around the corner from her apartment. Sitting on the only open stool at the bar, Ellie ordered herself a Bass Ale on tap and settled in with the regulars to watch the Red Sox, who were playing the Blue Jays on the TV over the bar.

The guys at the bar were friendly and fun. They liked having a cute, relatively young girl of twenty-seven join them at the bar. Ellie laughed readily and talked and joked easily with everyone. A Sox fan anyway, she fit right in, cheering and booing with the crowd during the course of the game. She thought that, even if she didn't get laid tonight, at least, she was having fun with guys who treated her like their "darling". 

Randall Carson, Randy, was a little later than usual showing up at Connie's, and his usual stool at the bar was taken. He had had one hell of a week, and he needed an attitude adjustment big time. 

The bartender gives Randy, a Friday happy hour regular at Connie's, a nod as he comes in the door, saying, "The usual?" 

To which Randy replies, "Absolutely, and make it a double!"

Loosening his tie, Randy reaches between Ellie and his pal Joe to pick up his Dewar's on the rocks. After a brief chat Joe, en route to a dinner engagement, gives up his seat to his buddy.

Polishing off the first drink, Randy orders a second along with the prime rib special and a salad. About half way through his meal and the second double scotch on the rocks, Randy starts to feel human again and strikes up a conversation with Ellie.

"You're new here."

"Yes I am."

"My name's Randy. How's the game going?

"Hi, I'm Ellie. The Sox are up by four at the bottom of the fifth with one out, but they've still got plenty of time to lose it," she says smiling and swallowing the last of her draft.

Randy laughs at her joke and buys her another beer. From that point on, they enjoy each other's company so much that they stay and chat until closing, which is well after the Sox rout the Jays 10-3.

"Can I invite you over for a nightcap, Randy? My apartment is just around the corner. You can leave your car here and we can walk there."

Randy leans in to give her a kiss on the lips, and Ellie reciprocates with a soft open mouth. Their tongues touch in a sweet wet kiss, and Randy brings his right hand up to cup her breast.

"Let's go," Ellie says quietly. Slipping from the barstool and taking him by the hand, she leads him home with her.

"What can I get you? I have some Napoleon Brandy or some Metaxa. Which would you like?"

"The Napoleon is fine, thank you."

Ellie brings two warmed snifters of brandy and sits down next to Randy on the living room sofa. They toast their happy meeting before putting down their drinks to take up where they left off at Connie's.

Randy's French kisses are just the perfect blend of wetness, aggressiveness and tenderness; and they spend some time probing each other's mouth, deeply. Randy firmly grasps her breast and rubs her nipple to hardness through her t-shirt and bra. Ellie feels for his bulge with her hand and strokes and squeezes his hardening member through his pants.

Not willing to be too patient, Ellie takes off her shirt; and with one hand Randy undoes her bra to let her lovely C-cup tits swing free. Pushing Ellie down on the couch, he gropes her and pulls her pointy nipples. 

Ellie groans, "I love to have my tits played with. Suck them won't you?"

Happy to oblige, Randy latches on to one tit with his mouth and sucks hard while playing with the other nipple, pulling it out and rolling it in his fingers. His accomplished manipulations transport Ellie.

Randy then pushes up on both arms, giving her space to undo his belt, shove her hands down his pants, and grab his cock. Sitting up, Randy strips off his tie, dress shirt and tee and throws them on the floor next to the couch. Off come pants, jockeys, shoes and socks; and his meaty 8-inch dick waves full and free over her. And then, as he starts to stroke it, Ellie smiles to see it become even larger and harder. 

Ellie, naked to the waist, undoes the top button of her jeans; and Randy helps her out of them. She has a very thick bush, and he catches a whiff of her musk. Unlike some women's scent, hers seems sweet; and he finds himself eager to go down for a taste.

Parting her labia with his fingers, he sees her swelling clit and glistening juices. He dives in to lick her cunt, slurping up her wetness before he zeroes in on her bud. As he eats her pussy, Ellie jumps and squirms and spreads her legs as wide as she can to give him full access. Randy gives Ellie's clit the best going over it ever got. Carefully and completely, he flicks and probes and sucks all the nooks and crannies. 

Moaning loudly to begin with, Ellie kicks it up a decibel or two when Randy shoves two fingers into her sopping, tight vagina and one up her ass. Not long after, Randy brings Ellie, arching and hollering, to an intense orgasm - its multiple waves wracking her sex-starved body for several minutes.

Out of breath and gasping for air, Ellie thanks him for a most exquisite experience and asks him if he wants her to suck him off or if he wants to fuck her. She tells him that she is on the pill and that there is a box of rubbers in her nightstand if he wants to use them. 

"Of course, I'd love to have you ride me bareback," she breathes.

Randy tells her he wants to feel her tight cunt wrap around his throbbing cock, bareback. Ellie suggests they move to her bedroom, where it is more comfortable, and invites him to spend the night. 

Ellie has a wonderful bedroom with one wall that is one big mirror at the foot of her bed. Randy has never watched himself fuck anyone; and his cock, which has been hard as a rock since they began, is ready to explode just at the thought of it. 

Ellie lies down with her head at the foot of the bed so Randy can watch himself. Poised over her cunt, he drives his big cock so deeply that its head punches her cervix and his balls slap her ass. Ellie grunts with each thrust and urges him on by telling him to pound her needy cunt and begs him to make her cum again. Randy is riveted as he watches himself ram his cock home with every thrust until his load explodes inside her and she cums for a second time. His long cock battles with the vice-grips of her orgasmic spasms to give Ellie the last of his jizz in smaller, but equally intense, spurts.

Both of them exhausted, they crawl under the covers, exchange heartfelt "thank you" kisses and fall asleep.