 Jason sank heavily into the chair and was immediately concerned the cheap frame might not hold up. Thankfully it did, and he breathed a long sigh of relief. He was five months in to his deployment with the Army, the unit's computer room was already desperately short on chairs, and the thought of having to lean over the desk or squat down if this one also broke was terribly unappealing to him.

Bringing up his email, he quickly scanned the list for something aside from junk. The past few days had been long and exhausting, and he hoped for word from home to lift his spirits. His mood soured a little more, though, as his eyes failed to find anything new from his parents, his older sister, or the few old friends he regularly corresponded with...

"Ah!" he thought to himself, as his eyes brightened a little. Down towards the bottom was a message from Miguel and Astacia, the couple that had "adopted" him from a list of soldiers the unit chaplain had sent to various groups and businesses. They corresponded fairly regularly, mainly through email and occasionally over the phone, and they sent him care packages from time to time. He had come to know the two decently well, and always looked forward to hearing from them.

He opened the message, and as the picture loaded he furrowed his brow at the short inscription heading the email, "Just thought I would give you a reminder of what's waiting for you at home tonight." Astacia sometimes forwarded encouraging messages & pictures, but that little voice in the back of his mind said that this seemed a bit odd.

When the picture finished loading a few seconds later and popped on to the screen, he understood why. Attached was a self shot of a grinning Astacia, her long dark hair down, the classic "come hither" gaze in her eyes, and one arm placed strategically across the nipple line of her ample breasts while the other held the phone. Although her breasts were partially covered, most of her smooth, faintly chocolate colored skin was exposed down to where the flare of her hips was covered by lacy red and black underwear at the bottom of the photo.

Jason's sat there slack-jawed for a moment, his eyes wide in disbelief at the stunning beauty exposed before him, before logic took a hold and he averted his eyes to a point above the screen while his mind tried to process what he had just seen.

And process it did. No matter how many times he blinked in shock, he couldn't erase the image of that lustful angel. He knew she was beautiful from the picture of the two of them that they had sent early on, but nothing like THIS.

Finally, rational thought fully kicked in. "Miguel's going to kill me... or her!" he said to himself in a half whisper as he went to close out and delete the message. "I am NOT going to be party to breaking up someone's marriage!"

As he moved the mouse pointer towards the "delete" button, though, his eyes fell on the address line. He paused and his brow furrowed again when he realized that both his and Miguel's names were there... and there was also a (2) indicating that there was a second message in the conversation.

Jason swallowed a lump of fear and trepidation as he scrolled to the bottom of the email and clicked on the second message. He had a number of different expectations in his mind, but not what was actually there.

The second message was from Miguel. "Hope you enjoy your eye candy! Stacia accidentally sent it to both of us, and you should see her now. She's gets beet red and is too embarrassed to even talk about it. I know you won't, but PLEASE don't share it around, and you'll have to let her know what you think."

He closed the message and sat there a moment, stunned at the implications. Another man told him to enjoy eyeballing his hot wife, and –

A voice from the door way interrupted his thoughts. "Hey, Jones! Sarge is looking for you."

___

Miguel laughed again and wrapped his arms around Astacia from behind in a comforting embrace. "Quit blushing like that. I keep telling you, you made his day. Probably even his whole week. No red-blooded man - heck, boy, he's not even old enough to legally drink, is going to be offended at a half-naked picture from a beautiful..." he leaned down and kissed her neck, then whispered in to her ear "And, might I add, drop-dead sexy..." He lifted his gaze to meet her eyes in the mirror, "woman like you."

Astacia blushed even deeper, closed her eyes and shook her head slowly. "I still can't believe I DID that." She pushed herself back slightly from the counter and turned around to face him. 

Her husband was several inches taller than her, with short cut nearly black hair, mocha colored skin, and a toned physique that always left her weak in the knees. "PROMISE me you aren't mad?" she asked, looking in to his deep brown eyes.

"I promise," he said and kissed her long on the lips. "Besides.... It's a bit of a turn on, you flirting with another man, and a younger man at that." He kissed her again, this time more forcefully, and slid a hand down her bottom to grasp one of her firm cheeks and pull her body tight against his stiff member.

Astacia laughed softly and broke their kiss. "I've been noticing that throughout our conversation." She leaned slightly back away from him and ran the tips of her fingers along the side of his rod, teasing it through the thin material of his pants. "Shall we get in the shower and I'll take care of that for you?" she asked coyly.

"You don't have to ask me twice," he replied with a hungry grin. He gave her cheek one last squeeze, then in one deft movement he pulled his red t-shirt over his head to reveal the chiseled chest, abs, and arms that made her heart race every time she gazed upon them. 

She paused in unbuttoning her white, long-sleeved work shirt to admire his body, her eyes traveling up and down several times before settling on his bulging member straining against the black fabric of his pants.

He watched her gaze until it settled, then hooked his thumbs in the band of his pants and slid both them and his boxer shorts down to reveal what her eyes were searching for. As happened every time, she gave a small gasp and her eyes widened slightly at the sight of it. "Your turn," he said, leaning back against the towel rack and directing his hungry gaze at her still-clothed form.

Astacia took a deep, excited breath and wasted no time unfastening the rest of her buttons while thoughts raced through her mind of the ravaging she was about to both give and get. Her dark areolas and erect nipples didn't remain hidden from her husband's eyes long before she removed her black lace bra and hurriedly flung it aside, freeing her full bosom to his eyes.

She didn't give him long to admire it, though, before turning around and bending over to remove her tan slacks. As anxious as she was to get in the shower with him, she willed herself to tease him a little as she swayed her hips back and forth while removing the aforementioned garment. She paused a second to let him take in her full, round backside and the silky, red thong whose cloth disappeared invitingly between her cheeks before reappearing to barely cover her already swollen mound. When she felt she had waited long enough, and couldn't wait any longer, she slipped the last piece of clothing off, the air of the room cool against her well moistened lips.

Striding past him, she swished her hips as she entered the shower and began adjusting the water. She closed her eyes in anticipation of feeling his hands on her skin and his body pressed against hers. 

After what only seemed like an eternity, he rewarded her by pressing himself firmly against her back, his shaft twitching excitedly in the cleft of her cheeks, and his hands sliding up her stomach to her waiting breasts. Astacia moaned softly as he firmly grasped them, one in each hand, their volume spilling out as he squeezed and caressed.

She reached behind her and stroked his shaft slowly, feeling it twitch in her hand with anticipation, and matching the up and downward movements of her hand with her hips. Miguel kissed her neck passionately, dragging his soft lips over her sensitive skin as he moved from her shoulder to her ear and back again. 

After a moment he slid his left hand down her stomach, past the neatly trimmed patch of hair between her legs to the warm, wet, waiting area below. Astacia gasped when his fingers found her swollen lips, and she momentarily stopped her movements as he parted her and slipped a finger in to her sopping wet hole. "Gaah!" she gasped again, involuntarily thrusting her hips forward and urging him deeper inside of her. She was already at the brink of an orgasm, and her legs quivered slightly under her.

"Mmmm!" she moaned and released his shaft to place both her hands against the front of the shower to steady herself. Miguel had slipped a second finger in with the first and teased her now, slowly stroking in and out of his wife's pussy. He used his wrist to hold her firmly against his rigid shaft and slowly pulled his fingers back out the very edge before thrusting them forcefully back inside her, Astacia grunting loudly with each new penetration.

There would be no soapy play tonight. Miguel kissed his way to her ear once more and whispered, "I'd say that boy's got YOU hot and bothered as well. Ready for the bar?"

Astacia nodded and started unsteadily turning herself around. Miguel placed his hands on her hips and helped her keep her weak-kneed balance as the two of them shuffle stepped about until they were facing the other direction. She leaned forward and grasped the bar across the back of the shower (placed there specifically for this reason), closed her eyes, bit her lip, and lowered her head in preparation for what was to come.

Her arched-back hips swayed gently in anticipation. Miguel's every touch was like electric jolts on her skin as he slid his hands down to the flare of her hips and positioned himself behind her and pressed his tip against her opening, the warm water coursing over both their bodies.

Miguel squeezed her hips once, twice, then he could wait no more and eased himself through and past her tight, slick hole. He loved that feeling of initial penetration when she yielded to him, and she enjoyed it no less.

She gave a long, guttural moan as her husband stretched and filled her, until finally his entire length was buried deep inside. They stayed there for a moment, each savoring the initial sensation of being one. Astacia breathed heavily in ecstasy and Miguel again kissed her shoulder and neck.

But that was not all they craved. Miguel released her hips and interlocked his fingers with hers on the bar, both their bodies now arched and firmly pressed together as he drew back nearly to the point of exit and then plunged swiftly back in to her. Astacia moaned sharply with each thrust, their bodies meeting with a full "slap!" that sent the voluptuous flesh of her full bottom and hanging breasts jiggling and swaying.

Repeatedly he slammed in to and against her, her hips pushing back toward him each time he bottomed out against her body. After a few moments she released the bar with her right hand and guided both of theirs down between her legs to tease the sensitive bud between. While Miguel obliged, she moved her hand a little farther down to spread the "v" of the tips of her index and middle fingers around where his shaft met her opening, his flesh sliding slick between them to meet hers.

Suddenly, she gasped deeply as his expert fingers on her clit drove her over the brink of her first orgasm of the night. Her body shuddered and her pussy gripped tightly around his shaft. His thrusts were still forceful, but slower now as he tried to delay his own release.

"All these years and I still can't believe how tight you are," he whispered in her ear as her orgasm subsided. She had moved her hand back on to the bar to steady herself and his fingers worked her clit slower.

"Well, don't stop now" she replied. "I'm not done enjoying you filling my pussy yet."

"Yes, ma'am. Your wish is my command." He slowed his pace, letting Astacia work herself back and forth along him so that his head rubbed the sensitive spot inside of her while he quickened the work of his fingers. Then he leaned in to her ear once more and whispered, "I wonder... do you think Jason is fantasizing about having you bent over like this?"

She hadn't thought about him that way before, but a very vivid image of the handsome young man pounding her from behind sprung unbidden in to her mind. The mere thought of him inside of her was enough to send her over the edge again. 

As the second orgasm wracked her body, Miguel stopped and held still against her to try to prevent his own release. It was too late, though, as her pussy gripped his rod tightly while she shuddered with pleasure. 

Although he wanted to continue longer, he grunted with satisfaction and slammed in to her as fast and hard as he could while he erupted deep inside of his wife. 

The two of them stood there a moment, waiting for their heavy breathing to subside while the warm water continued to course over their bodies. Miguel leaned forward again and rested against her, while Astacia hung her head in satisfied fatigue while she savored the feel of him receding inside her. She wasn't quite exhausted yet, but that last orgasm had been quite intense and her muscles were beginning to ache a little. 

"Well," she said when she had finally regained some control of her breathing. "Shall we finish up and go crawl in bed? We can talk about this fantasy you seem to have and maybe have another round... assuming you have any energy left," she teased.

"MY fantasy?" he asked, pulling her upright and holding her against him while he kissed her neck. "I thought YOU were the one ready to send him some more pictures."

She slid her hips forward to dislodge his now softer and shorter member, and then turned around to face him. It was still semi-firm, and she knew it wouldn't be too long before he was ready again. They embraced and kissed deeply, their hands running over each other's warm, wet bodies. 

"We can talk about it, but right now you've still got some more work to do," she said, giving his ear a playful bite and tug.

"Mmm. Yes, ma'am," he replied.