 He could see she was almost at a point of climaxing herself as he felt his breathing trying to return to normal. Looking up, licking her lips, a contagious, knowing smile as she knelt before him...

His hands slide across her cheeks to meet behind the neck, pulling he up to bring their mouths together mine as joy, which her mouth has been sucked in his cock, ebbs like hot honey back into the rest of his body, a warmth that spreads from the crotch down his legs and up the belly... He can barely feel his fingers, but oh the texture of her hair and skin beneath their touch. The taste of the kiss is desire, and it pulses through him looking into her eyes.

His fingers spread wide, exploring the thick mane as kisses wander sideways to find soft cheek. Head twisting to send the hot breath from his nose to tickle the ear lightly before sucking on the earlobe, his face lost in that glorious tangle of hair. Each breath fills him more deeply with the smell of her, clean and sweet... the heat of you compels fingers to slide down her spine, kissing and nibbling the delicate neck - leaning forward to push her back finally onto the floor without ever losing hold...

Fingers come up round her sides, like feathers on the ribs as kisses descend to the sweet salty breasts. Kneeling between her legs with whiskers tickling belly and breasts, beard dragged back and forth across nipples, fingers crossing paths at her waist. Shifting, he traces the curve of the hip as his tongue darts forth to flick the taut, pink nipple. Kissing it, drawing her breast in more fully to his mouth then easing the suction to let the hot, damp firmness back out again - only the slightest touch of lips grazing that puckered flesh...

Kissing his way to the soft notch of the collarbone, aware of the changes in her breathing and the flush spreading across her chest, he licks spirals slowly in from the very edge of her breast, circling happily in to the center so slowly as both hands barely dance on her waist, thumbs pressing tantalizingly across the tops of each thigh as hips wriggle unbidden and her barely verbal moans fuel his delight.

Nibbling briefly on the nipple before letting it go, with whiskers caressing the breast in passing he descends to taste her belly button, mouth meeting his hands there before they slide around to grasp both hips firmly as his tongue leads the way lower, seeking the source of the heady aroma of arousal which swirls around him, inciting the cock to stiffen again though his focus is on her mounting urgency. 

Tongue poised atop her slit he lift his head to blow on the swollen, hot lips, smiling as her pelvis surges toward his mouth, he takes firmer hold of her, hands full of tense muscle. Down and up the length of the slick pinkness he uses his breath as a touch, seeing the dampness glisten on her lips, watching as she opens, the scent of musky pink arousal welling up in palpable waves, and her clit seeming to swell before his eyes with each breezy caress. Lips parting in invitation he leans in again to kiss her clit, sucking just an instant before pulling back to caress her yet again with a cool breeze that starts beneath her ass and comes up desperately slowly to the swelling clit. Another kiss - more firmly this time - yes, talk baby, admit your need to him...

Twisting he licks the inner thigh, knowing hair is brushing that smooth, bare skin on the other leg and above dancing with your sensitive lips...

Needing to taste more deeply he shifts outside her left leg, left hand to tickling the very bottom of her twat as his head bends forward to taste her clit again. Licking each side, mouth sucking gently on each lip, drawing them in to be caressed by the tongue. His right has found her breasts, tickling the nipple as she wriggles and implores him to keep on, to take her gliding higher. Knowing her tempo now his tongue dances side to side, flicking up and down between her lips as they open like a morning flower. Probing at last the tongue breaches her hot opening and her legs stiffen... Flicking up out onto clit as fingers dive inside he presses up as though he can caress her clit from both sides at once. Her hands pressing his head to her, words losing shape to become building animal noise...

Her wriggling hips urgently tilting her clit into his mouth as he licks it hard and feels the vibration begin to mature into a shudder. Come for me baby, he thinks, I love the taste of you... come hard, come now, come in my mouth, and as the first wave of spasms subsides he quickly shifts to lay between her legs and thrust his cock inside, pumping fast in the slippery heat with his raging need brought on by taste of passion. Thrusting his pelvis against her clit as each stroke brings his imminent orgasm that much closer... a need so great, a woman so hot and tight. Yessss, come with me now, he moans, exploding inside her every muscle in both bodies tensing as their second climaxes coincide and the voices blend in guttural tribute to the passion, the delight, the sharing which unites and heals as it sends the rest of the universe to wait - elsewhere.