 Elvie woke up as usual with the alarm at 5:30am. She admired herself in the mirror and knew exactly what clothes she was going to wear. That delicate blue and white cotton dress, the one which falls short of her knees and shows off her creamy white legs. She considered not wearing any underwear, but instead decided to wear her tiny white cotton ones. Those panties always made her feel sexy. The belt finished it off, ensuring the dress hugged her petite figure.

As the bus rumbled along the road to work, her mind wandered to a deserted beach, where she could walk and swim naked without fear of being seen. Elvie was aware of the effect these thoughts and the vibrations of the bus were having on her, and she snapped out of her dream before she became overwhelmed with desire.

Just before 8am she walked into his office. He was always needing her help and she liked it when he asked for her assistance. On entering his office she gave him a warm smile and she knew immediately that he noticed her slender figure. The meaning of the Russian on his computer screen was not complex but Elvie took longer than necessary to decipher the words. Standing next to his chair she leaned towards the screen, her body close to his. He could feel her breath on his cheek and as she peered down, she could see the signs of arousal through his jeans. Enjoying the effect she was having on him, she pondered a little longer pointing at the words on the screen with her small soft hands. By now she could feel the intensity of his emotions and smiled to herself.

After explaining to him the content of his e-mail she stood up and corrected his shirt collar which was folded up. Elvie deliberately brushed his neck with her finger as she smartened him up. Her touch sent a wave of pleasure though his neck and he breathed in noticeably. She loved the effect she had on him. Robert's insides were like jelly. Elvie's body was so close he could feel her. He dangled his hand over the arm of his chair and swivelled around hoping to make contact with her lovely leg. Elvie let him have the tiniest touch before she swayed back just enough to deny him what he really wanted. 

Robert was fully aroused but his jeans were restraining him. It was not comfortable, but he did not want her to leave his side. He wanted Elvie.

As Robert lifted his hand back to his lap to cover his arousal, Elvie once again swayed forward, making him wish he had not moved at all. Her presence so close to him was making his whole body buzz with desire. Her smell was having an intoxicating effect on his head, all his senses were focussed on one thing. The object of his desire. Elvie.

By now Elvie was also aching with excitement. But unlike Robert, she was controlling herself. She was controlling both of them.

She walked out slowly knowing his eyes would be devouring her figure. Robert could not stop staring at her amazing legs and ass. He could not deny his deep desire to make love with her. He would do anything to feel her tender soft body next to his.

In her office she refocused. Maintaining her composure had not been easy, especially seeing the effect she had on Robert. She put the events of the last 5 minutes out of her head and started back to work. Her next chance to visit Robert came a couple of hours later. He was having a conference call and needed her to interpret. She closed the door and sat in the chair next to his desk. The call was boring and not much interpreting was needed. Robert tried to focus on the conversation, but his eyes were on Elvie. She knew it but kept looking at the agenda, pretending she was focusing on the meeting. Elvie changed positions, uncrossing her legs and re-crossing them, not bothering to pull her dress down. It rode up and exposed more of her silky legs. Robert of course was entranced by her exposed flesh. Elvie loved to see his frustration and again changed position. Now her dress was high up her legs and she glanced down to admire them. She was surprised that she was turned on by her own body.

With her dress exposing her legs Elvie uncrossed her legs once again this time not bothering to cross afterwards. She continued to follow the agenda and pretend she was unaware of her exposure. Robert was in heaven and hell at the same time. The girl he wanted so badly was right here, in private showing off her amazing body, and yet he was not allowed to touch.

Robert dropped his pen clumsily on the floor and bent down to pick it up. He took as much time as he dared gazing up at Elvie's body. Her thighs looked so soft he yearned to caress them. At the top of her legs Robert could see her pure white underwear. The sight of this made Robert's mind race, his heart rate quickened and he was once again in a state of extreme arousal.

As he sat up, Elvie bent one knee and lifted her foot up onto the seat she was sitting on. Now Robert didn't know what to do as Elvie's panties were in full view. The creamy skin of her inside of her thighs looked glorious, so smooth and soft. Robert's eyes stared at the front of her panties, he was sure he could see a slight damp patch wetting the delicate white fabric.

By now Robert's concentration was gone, he had no idea what was happening in the meeting The whole room was a blur, he was aware of only two things - the magnificent view in front of him and the straining in his jeans.

It was almost a relief when the conference call ended. Elvie straightened herself stood up and exited the office. Robert shut the door quickly behind her, he was hot and flustered and needed to try and regain some composure. He breathed deeply and put his hand in his jeans to find a more comfortable position for his member which was still fully erect, the image of Elvie's flesh still fresh in his mind.

In her office Elvie was also trying to calm herself. Maintaining control in Robert's office had taken all her will-power. She had so desperately wanted to look at and see his lustful eyes staring at her panties.

Robert was a mess. He needed relief, he needed Elvie so badly. For the next few hours he sat and started at his computer, not focussing on anything, his arousal constant, his penis still semi-erect. Each time she walked past his door he could see her lovely legs and his manhood would jump to full attention as images of her damp underwear fuelled his passion.

He was falling apart, and as it got closer to the end of the day he sent her a message by communicator:

"Hi, I want to tell you something," he started

"Hello," she replied calmly

"You have lovely legs."

She made him wait before responding, "do you think that is appropriate?"

"I am sorry, but I can't help it."

Elvie didn't reply. She didn't have to wait long for his next message:

"You excite me."

"That's nice," her written reply was cold, but inside she was on fire. His words were sending tremors through her petite figure.

"Will you come to my office?"

"What do you need?" she asked

"You," came his simple reply. Elvie's heart thumped hard in her chest as he read the word she desperately wanted to see.

"Excuse me?"

"I want you, I cannot deny it. Please come here."

Elvie considered the situation for a few moments. Her excitement was high and her fingers shook as she typed.

"Only if you do as I tell you."

The response was immediate, "OK."

"Exactly what I say, nothing else."

"I will, I promise."

Elvie waited in her office for about 5 minutes, trying to compose herself, her whole body tingling with excitement. Her mouth was dry and her pulse was racing. She took a deep breath as she stood up, straightened her clothes and strode confidently into Robert's office.

As she entered she turned and closed the door. Robert was sitting, looking nervous not sure what was going to happen next.

"Stand up," she said quietly but assertively. "And don't say a word."

"Now stand in front of the window." Robert complied with her demand. The blind was closed, but the sunlight poured in through the gaps in the fabric. "Put your hands on the wall above the window, and don't move them she ordered." Raising his shaking hands he placed his palms flat on the wall above the window.

Elvie slowly walked up behind him until her face was next to his back.

"So you want me do you?" she questioned.

"Yes," came the weak reply.

"I told you not to speak."

Robert was silent.

"I wonder what you want me for," she enquired as she placed her hands on his lower back. She began rubbing his body through his shirt.

"I think you are a naughty boy." Elvie's hands had sunk to Robert's ass which she was caressing slowly. His back arched as he felt the stimulation of her touch. "I think you have bad things on your mind." Her voice was soft and confident, which belied the nervousness she felt. By now her hands started to creep slowly over his hips towards his enraged crotch. Robert's mind was again a blur, all he could feel were the wonderful sensations created by Elvie's hands creeping ever closer to his caged manhood.

Standing behind him, Elvie felt her juices starting to flow, she knew she would not be able to do this for long. Her hands crept to the front of his jeans and up to the flesh of his stomach. By now she was hugging him from behind, Robert's body rocking back and forth making both of them sway in front of the window.

Elvie eased one of her small hands down his skin and inside the top of his jeans. Robert was now moving his hips heavily with the excitement he felt. He wanted to drop his hands and take down his jeans to give her full access to his manhood. But he knew Elvie was in charge and could not do this. Her fingers entered the top of his short pubic hair. Thankfully she did not slow down, and soon her finger made contact with the top of his swollen head. Her first sensation was that it was warm and wet. He had been excited for so long that his man juice was staring to leak out. As she touched him, Robert threw his head back thrust his hips forward. His engorged member twitched involuntarily each time the tip of her finger flicked the swollen head of his penis. He again thrust his hips forward to get more contact with Elvie's hand. Elvie responded by pushing her had a little deeper into his Jeans. She rolled the moist head of his bloated cock between her fingers and thumb. He moaned as she did so, he was in heaven. He couldn't believe what was happening; this beautiful girl had taken control of him in his office and was expertly rubbing him off. 

Elvie could feel the total submission of Robert's body and mind to her touch, but she knew her needs would overwhelm her soon, her sex ached, she was on fire and her she was starting to get heady with the erotic energy in the room.

Once again Elvie pushed her hand deeper and this time she took a firm grip on Robert's erect penis. It only took three strokes of her skilled hand before she knew he was past the point of no return. Robert has stopped breathing, waiting for the desperately needed release. Elvie slowed as much as possible to extend the wait for satisfaction. Then he hand felt the muscles of his member start to contract and then in a series of violent spasms, Robert breathed out as he was thrown into ecstasy. She continued to stroke as his penis shuddered again and again, each one pumping warm sperm into his jeans. Elvie's hand felt the thick fluid running down over her soft hand as the tremors started to subside. 

Elvie removed her hand from his clothing and saw it covered in his cum. She wiped it on his shirt as she left the room, leaving him there totally overcome.

Elvie could barely walk back to her office. Her legs felt like jelly and the heat between her legs was consuming every thought she had. In her office she sat and tried to compose herself once again. It was no good this time, she was rampant with desire and desperately wanted to touch herself. The day was almost done, but there was still an agonizing bus ride home.

She sat at the back of the bus to hide from everyone, she so wanted to please herself but knew she could not. By now she knew she was so wet that her juices had started to soak through her panties and into the fabric of her dress. All she could think about was the way his penis had felt in her hand, how hot it had felt, and how much she made him cum. The faint odour of his sperm on her hand was intoxicating her further and she didn't know if she would survive.

Back at camp, Elvie was almost running by the time she reached her room. Thankfully her room mate was out, but it would not have mattered. She slammed the door, dropped her bag and immediately pulled her dress over her head. She peeled down her underwear and threw off her bra. Naked she lay on back on the bed. He pubic hair and the insider of her thighs were soaked with her juices and she knew that this was the hottest and wettest she had ever been. Elvie threw open her legs and immediately pushed her right hand down to her open, needy sex. She plunged two fingers into her depths. They slid in easily, lubricated by her sodden inferno. With her other hand she roughly squeezed her right breast and pinched her pert nipple. Her hips lifted off the bed to meet the welcome pleasure from the fingers. As she roughly slid her finger in and out she could hear the gurgle of her juices on her hand. Now two hands were furiously working at her vagina, the fingers of her left hand holding open her labia and stimulating her clitoris, while the fingers of the other worked at every part of her insides. Like Robert, she had no stamina and very quickly, she felt the oncoming pleasure of her orgasm. Her fingers worked faster and faster, and her hips continued to writhe around to give full access to them. Wave after wave of ecstasy exploded through Elvie's body as her orgasm enveloped her. She felt her whole body convulsing with desire as the waves of pleasure seemed to come endlessly. She rolled onto her side and curled up her body, her hands still on her sex as the blissful contractions continue to engulf her.

Completely spent, Elvie finally relaxed. With no energy to move she laid on her bed, covered in her own juices, totally gratified, and started to plan her next adventure with Robert.