 I work in the emergency room in a small hospital. I have always been a very horny girl. My friends always tease me because there are few things in life I enjoy more than fucking.

There's this guy that works in the ER as a tech. He's a medic. He's soooo hot. He has a sexy smile, great ass, and one hell of a flirt. He's the kind of guy that makes you want to wear the extra perfume....wear the sexy bra....wear the scrubs with the snaps down the front just in case that once in a lifetime opportunity presents itself.

I go to work every day hoping the situation will play itself out exactly like that. I'm 5'8" tall, brunette, 36B tits. The boys have always liked when I wear my hair in pony tails. They call them my handle bars, which is exactly why I wear my hair that way. I LOVE having my hair pulled. There's nothing more of a turn on than that primal instinct of being dominated like that- having someone else having that kind of passionate control over you. It makes me wet just thinking about it.

So in my mind the scenario plays out like this.... I go to work like any other day. I work with John, the hot medic. We spend the day flirting shamelessly and getting each other all hot and bothered. We make dirty little comments to one another all day long. When will the teasing end, I wonder? That's when things finally take the turn I've been waiting for. I go into the utility room to get supplies for a patient. I didn't notice that John was right behind me. The door closes behind us. He leans in close and startles me by pressing me into the wall. "So are you just a big tease?" he asks. "Or is this actually going to go anywhere?"

I laugh nervously and tell him, "I'm no tease." We lock eye contact. He pushes his body up against mine and leans in as if he is going to kiss me. I start to close my eyes in anticipation of the kiss to come and nothing happens. I open my eyes to see him smiling devilishly at me. 

"Waiting for something," he says? I sigh in frustration and embarrassment starting to explain myself when he pushes his soft lips against mine and my head into the wall. I can't escape the kiss, nor do I want to. For a moment I melt into his mouth, welcoming his tongue as it explores my mouth. My breathing quickens. I can feel my heart racing. I notice his hand starting to find its way up my abdomen toward my breasts. And then a brief moment of sanity hits. This is wrong. 

"Not here," I say. He tries to kiss me again. I press my hands against his chest to stop the kiss. He sighs. 

"What's wrong," he says. "We both want this." I agree, but point out that anyone could walk through the door at any time and we could lose our jobs. He realizes I have a point, but I then realize the bulge in his scrubs. There's another point to be considered here. I sneak in a quick kiss. 

"Downstairs," I say. 

"When," he says? 

"5 minutes," I reply breathlessly. I can feel the wetness between my legs and that all too familiar pulsing of my aching pussy knowing that it's soooooo close. He gives me a flirty wink.

"5 minutes," he says. "Where downstairs?" he whines impatiently.

"The storage room. Call maintenance and tell them you need to be let into one of the storage rooms to get decorations for the ER. I'll meet you down there in 5 minutes. I'll make it soooo worth your while," I say as I grab his big cock through his scrubs and plant a passionate kiss on his lips.

He eagerly leaves the room to page maintenance.

I head to my locker to spray a bit of cologne on and check my makeup. It's got to be perfect.

Who knew 5 minutes could feel like such an eternity?!

I tell the others I'm going to the cafeteria and I head for the basement. I head to the storage room and open the door. It's dark in the room and for a moment I think John may have chickened out. Just as I reached for the light switch, a hand grabs my arm and pulls me close. I started to scream and a hand covers my mouth, and I hear a reassuring,

"shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh." John grabs my face and gently kisses my lips.

I eagerly kiss him back. Our mouths open, tongues greeting each other with enthusiasm. His hands quickly find their way to the snaps of my scrubs. In one, sure tugs my scrub top is opened and my lacy bra is in front of him. He looks hungrily at my breasts. My nipples are so sensitive and begging for his attention. He pulls the front of my bra down letting my breasts hang over. His mouth quickly finds my breasts, licking one tit and then the other-biting my nipples. He is not the only one with an agenda. My hands have worked their way into his scrub pants and are stroking his cock. It wasn't a surprise that he was commando and his cock was hard and waiting for me to explore.

He made a guttural sound as I stoked his cock. I turn us around, so he's against the wall and I pulled his scrubs down and in pushed me onto my knees in front of him.

"This is why we like those handle bars so much," he said, referring to my pig tails, as he grabbed me by the pony tails and guided my mouth to his hard, hot cock.

I took his cock into my mouth and began to work my tongue over its entirety. My tongue licked the head in fast circles, and I took the length of his cock into my mouth, all the way into my mouth. Ooooh. He's discovered one of my hidden talents! I have marvelous control over my gag reflex and take him into my mouth like a veteran porn star.

"Oh my God," he says as he melts into the wall he's leaning against.

I start to suck his cock, noting the precum now oozing from his manhood.

His breathing quickens and he tightens his grip on my pigtails, steering me onto his throbbing cock as he pleases. He's looking down at me taking in the sight of me giving him a blowjob to remember. He grunts, "I'm gonna cum!"

I look up at him as I'm working his cock with my mouth and he shudders, releasing his hot load into my mouth. I swallow every drop he has to offer enjoying the priceless expression of lust and release on his face.

"Wow," he says. "That was so hot!" He pulls me up to standing again and kisses me, even more lustfully than before.

He kisses his way from my mouth, down my neck, down my abdomen and without me even knowing it, has my pants and underwear down at my ankles. "Your turn," he says.

His face gets closer and closer to my wet pussy until his tongue finally finds its way to my sweetness.

"mmmmmmm," I mutter, as he licks my pussy eagerly.

"You like that, huh?" he says between licks. He playfully pulls his head away from my pussy as I get close to cumming. 

I look deeply into his eyes, say "yes," and pull his face back to my pussy.

He licks my clit with quick flicks of his tongue until I'm moaning and stops once again with an evil little grin.

"And you asked if I was a tease?" I quip.

"Oh I'm no tease either," he says, as he stands, grabs my ass to pull me near and plants a deep kiss on my mouth. I taste the bittersweetness of my juices on his mouth.

"You're not, huh?" I say.

And in a couple quick motions he turns me around against the wall. He has his hands on top of my hands pressing against the wall. I can feel his hard cock pressed against my ass as he kisses the back of my neck.

"What do you want, babe?" he asks breathily into my ears.

"I want to feel your cock in me," I say.

And as I'm finishing my sentence, I feel him lean me forward slightly and his huge cock slip into my aching pussy.

"Like this?" he says, as he begins pushing himself in and out of my dripping pussy.

"Yesssssssssssssss," I hiss, meeting his thrusts by pushing back onto his cock and enjoying the sensation of him pressing into my G spot with each thrust.

"You're so tight!" he groans.

The pace quickens as we realize that we've been gone a while. Now cumming is all either of us can think of. It's every person for themselves. He thrusts harder and faster, and reaches up and pulls both of my ponytails behind me. I begin to cum as I realize he is in control of this amazing fuck. I feel him start to shudder and he presses into me as he fills my dripping pussy with his hot cum.

"Ughhhhhhhhhhh!" in unison.

We stand together against the wall for a few moments enjoying the last few moments of the wild ride we just had.

He pulls out, pulls his pants up and says I need to get myself together and get back upstairs.

I know he's right, but my legs are weak from the intense orgasm I just had. I pull my panties and pants back on, try to straighten my hair, and head back upstairs. I stop in a bathroom to look at the damage and make sure I look half way presentable. "Not too bad," I say as I straighten the pony tails and head back into the department.

I have a hard time hiding the stupid, satisfied smile I have on my face. I thought that was my only worry until John passed me in the hall and pointed out the huge wet spot I had on my scrubs.

"Think anyone will notice?" I say.

To be continued...