 It happened again today...

A slow afternoon at work and my sexy coworker pops into mind. Smiling to myself, I think of the last time we said hello. Instantly a familiar rush of energy spreads down my neck, tits, speeds through my belly, stopping at my pussy and sending it into overdrive. My clit is pounding, knocking at the door of my panties, begging to be set free. Trying to distract myself, I check my emails again. Is the feeling gone? Hell no. This is getting out of control. Time to close the office door and give in to my wanton imagination.

I picture myself in normal office attire - skirt, blouse, heels - walking into his office. He asks me to retrieve a file. In order to access the file cabinet in such a tight space, it's necessary to brush up against him. My soft, full ass grazes his thigh but I pretend nothing happened. I bend over, allowing him a full view from behind and retrieve the file. He says nothing. Smiling ever so slightly, he walks to close his office door. I place the file on his desk, practically trembling at the thought of what may happen. Without a word, his hands are on the base of my skirt, tugging at the fabric to bring it over my hips. Success. Leaning in for a kiss, his hardened cock presses against my pussy, pushing me backwards to the desk. Just as my hand catches the desk for support and I begin to spread my legs, the phone rings. The real phone.

Snapped out of a fantasy again! I can't get any peace in this office. There's always a call or visitor. I decide to go for a walk to our unisex restrooms. The perfect restroom for what I am about to do. No stalls, just one toilet, one sink, a locking door - complete privacy. Walking down the hallway, my juices begin to soak my panties. I'm already slippery by the time I reach the restroom and lock myself inside.

Instantly I raise my skirt, pull my panties down, and slide my fingers between my pussy lips. My other arm rests on the counter for support as I tease my clit, gently passing over it with the tips of my fingers. I close my eyes and pretend I'm being fucked from behind by a coworker. Or a big wig. Unable to get the right position, I turn around and eye the corner of the square pedestal sink. Do I dare? Hell yeah. Because in this moment, there are no boundaries. Raising to my tiptoes, I press my pussy against the corner of the sink and grind. Yes! I look in the mirror, turned on at the sight of myself thrusting my hips against the white porcelain sink. What a delicious deviant I am! After a few moments, there's a knock at the door. Looks like I won't get to cum. I adjust my clothes, wash my hands, and open the door to see an older woman politely smiling and waiting to use the restroom for its intended purpose.

That wasn't the right way to get off, anyway. I'm tired at this point. Tired of being this cute, innocent seeming secretary who is oh-so-happy to print your documents, create your reports, schedule your meetings. Don't get me wrong. I love my profession. I love having the opportunity to serve powerful men; to be at their beck and call. I'm a phenomenal secretary. 10 years of experience, skills out of this world, resourceful, excellent memory, the list goes on. There's a reason I'm so good. I like to please. In every aspect of life, I like to please. It's just that they don't understand how much more I could do for them. A totally submissive, insatiable, sex crazed secretary. Fuck me.

Surely they have had this fantasy, too. The busty secretary who types your letters and sucks your cock. The difference between me and a porn flick is I am real. I am a real woman with a pussy that's been neglected for too long. 4 years of celibacy by choice. But now, I want to fuck. I want to fuck a coworker or superior. I want to be bent over his desk while he looks down at his cock sliding in and out of my tight pussy. I want to be pinched on the ass. I want my tits grabbed in secret. I want to ride you in silence while you make dinner plans with the wife. I want you to eat my pussy while I run your reports. I want late nights in the office acting out my perverted fantasies. High heels & skirt suits with thigh highs & no panties.

Sexual harassment? No, thanks. I'm a different breed that enjoys the sexual attention but it makes it difficult to know who would be a willing player. Total submission. I don't want a fling. I need to work for a living and fucking at work is the perfect scenario for a nympho like me.

I'm 30 years old, a damn good secretary and a secret slut. It's time to emancipate my fantasies and bring them to life. I confess that I want to be an office sex slave to a powerful, horny man. I could never tell a soul in real life but I can spill my secrets here ;)