 [This story line was a chapter in the bigger story of Sue, but is totally stand alone. The initial story, Out of The Closet is here. 

Chapter 1 of this tale is here].

EMANCIPATION - Day 1 Ch 5 fucking math, G-spots & sleep© Literocat

======================

For the next many minutes, Sue spooned behind me while I kept my body entwined and pressed against Lois. Joe spooned her from behind, nestling his dick against her velvet ass. A soothing energy, an afterglow, surrounded the four of us, bonded as we were. Time passed quietly. About twenty minutes after Lois's first screaming orgasm, my dick's twitches told me it was anxious for another intense visit. "Lois, are you awake and ready for more?"

" YES, please! You MUST have hit my G to make me sing like that! This time, though, ummm don't be so gentle and loving. You can go slow NEXT time."

"Really? Oh, and you'll KNOW when I slap your G spot. So what would my novice whore like now? Anal? Or should I find my whips?"

"Whoa! You know I'm not ready now, if ever, for anal, and forget the whips! Isn't there something between?"

"Well, if you insist. Hey, YOU should know I'm just toying with you ...and opening your eyes. You can study my Kama Sutra later for interesting positions. Just don't pick the ones for double-jointed gymnasts. I can't do those. I want you to feel just a few more basic positions and variations, but soon you will go freestyle and combine positions to scratch whatever itch you feel. NO, I won't push anal until you're ready, and you aren't yet. 

"In no special order, what I NOW hope to introduce to you are positions like these: you on top, facing me- on your knees, or with feet flat; you on top facing my toes; 69; me standing, you impaled on my cock with your legs on my hips; you standing and bent over, using furniture or not; DP - I'll explain that when you're ready to hear it, you aren't yet; anal; varied pussy entry from rear, like doggy, face down or legs on my hips; with two or three others; legs on my shoulders; THEN you can look at kinky and varied fantasies and fetishes! But, believe me, I'm not going to stay very structured for long. Look up 'sploshing' to see my next new goal with you. I just wanted you to get a sense of what I meant by having 'just begun.' I'd like to slowly add foods too.... yum! But no coprophilia or urophilia!

"We don't have enough time this weekend to sample and relish most of these even if you can stay an extra day. Believe me when I say that's MY loss too. I hope Joe will introduce you to several more before we hook up next time, and that you both keep me posted on my star student. Let's try basic 'doggy', but try to notice if or when you automatically change it a little. Truly FEEL the sensations, how they change, and if any are coming from your anus. OK, on all fours and give me your cute little ass."

Maybe if she can become aware of light anal stimulation and pleasure, she may be daring enough to allow more stimulation or even attempt anal sooner. As she quickly assumed the position, she thought to ask, "What do you mean THREE others?  And all those are just the basics?"

"Shhhh, later. Tell us how you feel, facing away from me with your squirming ass open for us, and how my stiff rod makes you feel as it rubs down your ass crack to your moist pussy."

"Well, I feel vulnerable and naked to your whim, like I surrendered myself and am waiting to feel whatever you choose. Your hard dick feels teasing and exciting. Just the anticipation for it is making me hornier, almost desperate. So... please, give it to me."

"Well put. Reach back between your open legs and smear my pre-cum over my dick. Uhhhh... I... can't... tease you... anymore or I'll.... cum right.... now on your back. You tell me 'harder' or not." My dick head automatically found its wet target and, like a high diver silently slipping into deep water, pushed all lips aside until it was submersed and warm. After a heady pause deep inside her, my hips pulled me out to her breach. I managed to pause a second before her sweet puss pulled me back in. Then my Mini Me abruptly thrust in one long quick stroke at full speed until stopped by her barely cushioning ass. Lois let out a loud yelp and we both gasped at the sweet clenching grip on my cock. A small wall mirror showed me her bulged eyes and shocked mouth. My cock didn't want to leave her deep warmth. 

"Oh honey, how did you tighten your sweet, sweet puss so much? It won't let me leave, and Willy doesn't want to move again. You're so exquisite, I.... I can't open my eyes or breathe normally. Ohhhhhh, your fucking, twitching cunt is driving me crazy. I can explode in you right NOW, but I have to hold out." The pleasure was so intense, I teared up. Maybe because we were still primed from her last orgasm, or some other combination, I couldn't think. Some alien ferocity tore me out of her and pummeled me back in. My hips drove me hard against her ass and in just two such strokes, she was gasping loudly and slamming her ass against my thrusts. Our collisions were intense, yet I spread her cheeks to give me deeper access and to stretch her dark hole. My pubes grinded and twisted my hairs against her round muscle. I hoped that besides the primary joy thru her tender twat, she felt the novel pleasure from stretching and rubbing her virgin anus as well. 

Apparently Lois was catching on. "HARDER, fassssterrr, harrrr..uhhh...." My hips arched to slam her harder, muscles strained to go faster, sweat spewed from both of us. We both got louder and LOUDER, grunting, moaning, gasping. Before she could even adjust to the new position, she shuddered out of control, screamed and took me with her convulsions. My sperm flooded her pussy and we both bellowed and collapsed. Falling on her back forced my dick to noisily pop out of her sweet, quivering depths. We took a long moment to catch our breaths. "Ohhh, sweetheart, that was wonderful. So intense, fast and HARD, you brought me to another screaming orgasm in minutes! THANK you!"

"It wasn't quite what I intended or as hard as I planned, and just a little too fast. I blame you, sorceress! You took control and swept me away. What a rush. What a compliment. I have to desensitize myself a little since my dick head is still throbbing and deep purple. Here, let me rest my weary dick a minute between your sexy steaming thighs for their soothing, warm comfort. Lois, you truly surprised me. Each time you twitched, my tender cock tried to cum again. " After a long, quiet moment, I asked, "Tell us what you felt. Did you feel anything from your anus or notice the core of your pleasure?"

"Wow, just wow! That first thrust scrambled my brains and confused the hell out of me. It and that position were so many things at once - breath taking, sharply and EXTREMELY blissful, lustful and dirty, rewarding, it made my whole body feel full and yet debilitated. I guess my pussy spasmed on your dick causing your reaction, which fed mine, and I also almost came from just ONE FUCKING thrust! No, I didn't notice anything from back there. My puss was too excited and I'd say the core of my arousal is your wonderful Willy. Should I be afraid?" 

"No lover, you're fine. I mean REALLY fine. Hey you two, quit your grinnin! We both relished it, so celebrate with us. Oh SHIT! Ding, ding, ding! I didn't look closely enough, but NOW I see! The way you're built, doggy on all fours puts your pussy at a great angle. When I pushed into your tilted puss in a slight downward angle, I hit right behind your clit, maybe on its shaft, and slid along your inverted pussy 'roof' right over your G spot. I told you earlier that I'd find it for you and Joe, and that you'd KNOW absolutely when I shook it. OMG! It's math! In sex? Hmmm, so it must be fucking geometry and fucking physics! Whoda thunk? Because of the speed of the first thrust, it 'shocked' your G. Lois, ....I need a couple of minutes and we can go again. Oh hell, in fact, I'm dying to go right now. If we do a slower, extended doggy you may reach what I wanted for you. OK?"

"Yes, master. Your wish is my command.... isn't that what Genie said? Seriously, you're telling me my G spot is THAT powerful?"

"Yes sis, it is. Before you guys fuck again, Lois, can I clean you up by sucking my husbands cum and your juice out of you? Joe declined, and we want you to experience being the feast today as we eat you." Lois nervously agreed, giving me a few more minutes to rest. She crawled backward to Sue until her dripping pussy was above her sister's face. Sue watched several large drops fall some inches into her hungry mouth. The lusty sight stirred us all. Sue asked Lois to spread her legs wider so her pussy would drop to her face. She had her nose against Lois's clit and her tongue invaded her cunt. 

"Ohhhuggghhhhhhh..." Lois's deep, guttural groan of satisfaction drew echoes from all of us. Sue held her sister's pussy open and began hungrily sucking our mixed juices while simultaneously fingering herself and pinching her clit. 

Her deep licks got longer and spanned from Lois's clit to her ass. Her nose rubbed Lois's rosebud and tried to gently pry it open. "Lois, relax your asshole so I can lick it better for you. I won't go inside so it will be safe for us; try to leave it partially open." Joe moved into place and helped finger fuck Sue until she spread her legs wide and relinquished her pussy for him. As she began squirming, Joe moved his nose against her clit and started eating my wife. It was a surreal sight - Sue's legs at almost 180 degrees, her swollen beautiful pussy splayed for Joe and his face in her fuck box. Lois looked back and saw the same surreal sight. I saw her first brief, annoyed reaction change to acceptance, then arousal.

"Looks like we have a pussy chain started. The best I can do to continue it is to offer Lois my stiff dick smothered in our mixed cum." Keeping the artful symmetry of the chain, I slid my hips under Lois's face and she easily inhaled my cock until her chin tapped my balls and her nose was in my bush. She sucked and licked me clean, but had to change her painful posture. I raised her to her knees, pressed her tender tits against me and swallowed her still coated tongue. "Mmmm..., Lois, our mixed juices taste surprisingly wonderful off your tongue." 

Sue used a pillow to raise her head to her sister's twat and kept licking her clean pussy. My dick was stiff again and angled along Lois's clit and lips so Sue's licking included my dick. Each warm, slow lick made my whole body convulse. She started moaning, spasming into Lois's cunt, causing her to convulse on my tongue. When he stringently pinched and pulled her nipple, Sue rewarded Joe with a deep groan and a brief gush of her love juice. She tried jerking him too, but couldn't coordinate it. Finally leaving Lois's cunt, she sucked Joe until he shuddered and spurt into her mouth.

"I selfishly wanted your face over your sister's cunt while I fucked you from behind and Sue licked my dick as it pummeled your pussy. I'll wait for that 3 way ... not too long, I hope. That's not an advanced position, but a 69 I can exploit to choose either end and get both a pussy and a mouth at the same time. What Sue was just doing was very close and was already driving me batty. There's a little more I want you to discover about 'doggy,' so come to me lover." Lois again went to all fours and I checked her pussy. "It's totally dry after your sister's intense licking, but my fingers changed that quickly. You almost came from Sue's tongue in you, so if you're too sensitive now, we can delay a few more minutes." 

"NO, I want your bone in my doggy. Can you give me a hint what to watch for?" 

"I could, despite your unholy metaphor. However, I want to fuck you again, and again as you figure it out.... You're so soft yet tough inside! If you can, notice what parts of your pussy are stimulated and what you feel from your RELAXED anus." My still hard dick drove back in for some pussy lube. "Slowly this time, to start, lover." My cock went in half way then returned. After three increasingly longer thrusts, it paused in her gloriously hot depths, then pulled out to her outer lips. Lois gasped both ways, apparently I was slapping her G again, but she wasn't ready for my next thrust which ended before bottoming. I angled my shaft so that thrust and the next twenty increasingly faster ones deliberately were short of maximum stimulation. Yet they still pushed her clit and succeeded in getting her moaning again.

Like her sister, she slammed her ass back against my groin, held her jaw clenched and was red-faced thru her pre-orgasmic humping. If she didn't catch on soon, we'd cum again before she learned something new. "Lois, try shifting or slightly twisting your hips as you slam back into me." She shifted around until she felt a new urge. Only she could tell if I were now striking her saddle clit. "Uhhh.... Lllois, now put your face flat on the floor and nnnnotice how it affects youhhhhh." With our angles, fucking geometry again, I was aware that I couldn't touch her G, and she finally got it. For her, face on the floor reduced the intensity of her arousal so she now had a way to control how quickly and intensely she reacted. 

But it was too late to help me hold back. While my thrusting, and moaning sped up, Lois kept experimenting and changing her angle. She extended her pre-orgasmic euphoria and avoided, umm... maybe just delayed, another orgasm until... "I..... cccccan't.... hooold... bbbback... any.... aaaaaaaghhhhhhh!" My hot sperm again flooded her sweet cunt.

"Ohhhhh.... yes, Yes, YES, agggghhh...! " She screamed again and convulsed spastically, with no hint of holding back anymore. Her teeth-clenching passion presented as an intense, painful expression. "Oh my.... That feels wonderful! THAT was different from the others. You came first this time and the hot waves of sperm you splashed in me pulled me into orgasm. It was wondrous, and I love the empowering feeling that I MADE YOU cum first." I can almost hear her inner child crying out 'Nah nah nah nah naaananah!'

"That's unusual, especially for me. Right Sue? I nearly always want my partner to cum first, then join her in orgasm." Exhausted, we lay hugging, quietly celebrating her eighth orgasm in less than two hours, heck, in her life.

Maybe fifteen calm minutes later I said, "This would be the perfect time to drift blissfully into sleep, but I have a 'first' of my own to attempt and more I'd like to share tonight. BTW, I think I already came four times in the last hour! Did anyone notice if anybody watched us from outside?" Joe said he thought he caught three people staring from the door for a while, but was too focused on us to be sure.

"Eeeeeek! The door was open for all that?  And and and somebody may have watched? Ohhhh... damn...! Well... it's past so now I have to think about how I feel about that. SHIT!  That wasn't meant for just anyone to see me naked and screaming."

"Those who didn't see, surely heard us, sweets! Don't sweat it, no harm done. Try to stay with the high."

"But were we that loud? You know, I.... I think I'm sensing some of what you were telling us, Sue. Once beyond embarrassment, there's a dirty and lusty thrill to thinking someone was watching. I never considered it could really be exciting. [98] Hmmmm."

"Oh oh, Are you becoming an exhibitionist like your sister? I opened the door tonight, literally, and was thinking of exploring that tomorrow, but for now, lay down on the coffee table before I lose my nerve. Put the pillow under your ass."

"OK, but what are you thinking?"

"I'm thinking I never had the nerve to try this, so either we let Sue do this for you or I will try it. We expect you ladies to swallow our cum, but.... Open these sweet legs wide for me. Sue, be ready to step in." I nervously sidled up to her and pulled her pussy just over the edge. "I love the scent of your very smokin juices alone, so I'm surprised that mixed with mine, they still smell great, ...so far." Some of my life juice was running down her thigh. I faltered a minute, but Sue caught all the runaway cream and licked it off her fingers. She offered some to Joe, me and Lois, but we all declined. 

"Except when your tongue let me briefly sample the scant remains of our mix, I've never tasted my own, or anyone else's, cum. Before I do this, let's all peek into this sweet juicy beaver while it's still so engorged. If it's OK to scrutinize Sue, it must be OK for Lois too. Right? Please keep your delicious pussy open for us. Just a brief look guys. It shouldn't be much different from Sue's, except that this is post great sex. I just love seeing lips and clit so swollen from arousal. It's especially gratifying when I am the cause. All lips and her vagina are very open but already very slowly closing. Let me open these tempting lips a little more." My fingers bumped her clit and she lurched up and sucked in the room air. "Sorry. I see you're still very sensitive. Open up again."

"I feel such a strong urge to rub my clit. Uh oh, Sue, would you close at least the door? I uhh, I'll risk the open windows, but I'm suddenly nervous. HA! And with my pussy splayed open for you, I'm still a little shy about the door. How odd. I, I really loved fucking you openly, but this feels like I'm exposed in a doctor's office with an audience."

"We can't have that. I want you completely relaxed to feel a warm, wet tongue on your cunt. Does that word help you feel bawdy? Feel free to add rubbing your clit too, though that will be very distracting from the other sensations. That doctor office feeling should vanish in a minute when we stop looking inside, and I start eating you. We can skip either if you prefer."

"I'm sure I can endure for a minute or two. After that I probably won't care anyway, so [99] go ahead, eat me, PLEASE. But speak up, I want to hear your descriptions since I've never looked inside me."

"OK, remember what Sue's pussy looks like as we quickly look in here. I guess this scrutiny appeals to all of us, including you sweetie, but for different reasons. I'll be more careful with my fingers as I open your savory snatch for us. I see your clit is nearly completely under its hood now, but opening your lips may entice it out again. Be ready, and enjoy what 'cums'. I'm curious about the shapes of your inner lips. From what you told me, you've only had any dick in you maybe thirty times and any kind of dildo maybe thirty more in your life. I can only guess about your fingers, but it must be less than a hundred invasions, total."

"Dildo? My wife has a dildo? Ohhh, I want to watch you use it when we get back."

"Yup, she shared a lot of info last week. Maybe you won't have to wait that long if Sue will lend her one of her many toys. We'll clean it first. No protests [100], Lois? Feel blessed, these luscious lips look quite beautiful, and with minimal stretching they're hardly poking past the outer lips, even while swollen. I want to see them again when you're not aroused, OK? Your creases between the inner and outer lips look very different from Sue's, maybe deeper? It might be fun for us horny guys to line up both pussies side by side and compare, but that won't help your progress. So unless you think it's worth doing, we can skip that. We can only see about an inch into your open vagina, and that will close up shortly, but the swollen crimson walls look sooo damn tasty!"

"I've had cocks in me several thousand times, but have you ever figured how many times JUST you have been in me?"
