 I recently began a new job, and to my surprise started working with Daryl, a neighbor from down the street. We often ate lunch together and became pretty good friends.

One day I stopped by Daryl's place for no particular reason, just a friendly bullshit session. Daryl told me to come on in and sit down. I came into the kitchen where Daryl was eating lunch and I almost tripped on my tongue.

Daryl had mentioned his daughter of course, but hearing Daryl talk about his "little girl" she could have been twelve years old. This was no twelve year old!

She appeared to be between 18 and 20. Around 5'6". Glossy blonde hair hanging straight down to her shoulders, full pouty lips, and eyes that seemed to look me over the same way that I appraised her.

Her dad introduced us (I learned that her name was Laurie), and I had just settled in with a beer when her dad's pager went off.

"Damn Bill, service call from a customer. I gotta go." As Daryl scooped up his jacket and headed for the door, he turned back and stopped me halfway from my seat. "Hey, I'm not throwin' you out. Go ahead and finish your beer first."

Not one to complain about being left alone with a walking wet dream, I happily sat back down at the table and nursed my beer slowly, while striking up conversation with Laurie.

I learned she was a music student at a local university, staying at home between quarters.

I think I did a remarkable job of passing myself off as a normal functioning human being, when behind my easy smile and ready laugh I was already fucking this girl in my mind!

Laurie left the table and went to make a sandwich on the counter. Her baggy sweatpants couldn't quite hide the shapely firmness of her ass, and her T shirt only accented the breasts softly thrusting against it.

As Laurie began placing ingredients out I found myself raising out of my chair. I boldly walked right up behind her, and stopped close enough to feel the heat radiating from her body. I could see her put down the mayo jar in her hand and press both palms flat against the counter as she shuddered.

I pulled her hair aside and began trailing kisses along her shoulder, right up her neck, and ended up nibbling at her earlobes.

Laurie bent her head to the side offering me better access to nibble and sighed. "Oh, that's nice. What would Daddy think though if he came in and found you kissing on me like this?"

I slid my hands down to rest on Laurie's slim hips as I nuzzled my nose against her neck. "I don't care. And I have more than kissing in mind"

She looked at me with a wide smile and a playful glint in her eyes. "Really? And what would you have in mind for your friend's sweet innocent daughter?" she asked as she not-so-innocently reached behind her and squeezed my crotch.

I slid my hands down to the front of her thighs and pulled her back against me. "I have THAT in mind for her." I suggested as I ground my hard cock against her ass.

"Aahhh…" she sighed as she wiggled back against me. "Promises, promises."

I slid my hands up, under Laurie's shirt and across her smooth, firm stomach. I lightly stroked her silky flesh with my fingertips – slowly, casually, as I trailed soft kisses along her jaw. On farther and I found her soft round breasts, crowned by hard pointed nipples, thrusting against the fabric of her T shirt.

A few slow strokes and light pinches soon had her ass grinding fiercely against my dick. She took my wrists in her hands as she stretched against me and forced them downwards.

I easily ran my hands under her loose sweatpants, and her little satin panties. My questing fingers quickly found hot wetness, and soon she was bucking uncontrollably as my fingertips played in and out of her pussy.

"Ooooh Shit! I'm gonna… I'm gonna!!" She trailed off as she came hard. She gripped my arm tight in both hands as she collapsed over the counter and shook.

I peeled her sweats and her panties down around her ankles and crouched behind her. I spread her ass cheeks with both hands. Her tight cheeks hid a tiny pink asshole, and a dripping wet pussy. Her clit was swollen and her little cunt lips were exposed on her clean shaven muff. 

I eagerly pressed my face into her crack, diving nose first. I licked slowly around the outer edges of her cunt, then inside lapping up her fresh young juice. I began licking faster, up and down her cunt. "Yes, yes. Oh fuck yes!" she encouraged me as I drank up her sweet honey.

Laurie started circling her ass against my face as she cooed and moaned how good it felt.

I kissed along the edge of her cheek and worked my way out of that deep crevice to bite her solid ass.

"Oh, that's good. But I thought you had more than kissing in mind?" She smiled at me with an invitation in her eyes.

With a couple quick moves I dropped my pants and hauled out my hard cock and thrust it between her legs, resting with the top of my cock in touch with her wet little hole and sticking out in front of her.

I rocked back and forth sliding along her slippery folds and using my pubes to tickle her cunt.

She pushed herself hard against me, maximizing the contact between me and her little cunt.

Taking her ass in both hands, I slid my cock up until the head rested in the junction of her wet lips. They parted before my throbbing dick and I very slowly put just an inch inside.

I held perfectly still as Laurie rocked her ass against me, sliding up and down my pole. "God your cock feels so good in my little cunt. Put it all in. Fuck me stupid with that cock!"

Not one to argue, I jerked my hips forward as I pulled her backwards and thrust up to my balls in her smooth, tight little twat.

"Oh fuck yes!" Laurie howled, as she arched her back and raised up on her toes away from me. "Shit that's big… Oh!" she jerked as I thrust in again

"Do you like it Laurie? Do you like getting your twat stuffed with my big dick?"

"Yes!"

"Tell me. Tell me how much you like getting your young little cunt fucked!" At this point she is bracing her hands against the counter and leaning into me with her head hanging low. She's still jerking away from me and only taking in about two thirds of my cock.

I lean over her and brace one of my own hands on the counter. I hold still a moment and she begins rocking on the balls of her feet, as I stroke her smooth bare cunt. Then I ram it all in and she howls like a banshee as I push her right against the counter.

"Fuck yes! Fuck my tight, young little cunt with that dick!"

I kept up a jack hammer rhythm, plowing her little ass into the counter and she ate it up. For ten minutes we screwed like that, her wailing and moaning to the accompaniment of my thighs slapping her ass. Soon her cries became more focused, short outbursts coming closer together. Finally with a last "OH SHIT!" she locked her legs backward around mine, pushed herself into me, and rolling her hips came like an earthquake.

I had been holding myself back a few minutes, but with her orgasm I went all out fucking like mad for the few strokes it took me to have my own toe curler and shot her trembling twat with spurt after spurt of hot sperm. 

We both held each other for a few minutes, stroking, kissing, and in general getting really horny again.

Laurie reaches down and begins stroking my cock in one hand while she nibbles on my nipples. She looks me in the face and says "I've just got to suck this cock"

She's already sinking to her knees as I tell her "Go ahead you dirty little slut. Suck my cock. Taste your cum on it."

"Mmhm.." she mumbles as she licks up one side and down the other. "Nice and hard. Just the way I like 'em"

Laurie looks up into my eyes, opens her mouth, and slowly circles her little pink tongue around the head of my dick. Placing her hands on my thighs Laurie opens her mouth wide and slowly places it over my dick. She flicks me a couple times with the tip of her tongue, then pushes her face forward and my dick is squeezed into her gripping throat.

"Aahhh, yeah honey… suck me hard"

She doesn't respond to me of course, just kind of turns her head to the side and looks up at me with those big wide eyes as her cheeks hollow out from the suction. Her lips slide up and down my glistening shaft and the only sounds in the room are her happy groaning sound and the occasional slurp.

I take her head in my hands and push my own cock into her accommodating throat. I begin to fuck her mouth now, gliding between wet lips while her tongue teases the underside of my cock.

Laurie reaches down and begins stroking her pretty little cunt as I continue slipping in and out between her tender lips. She begins moaning in real pleasure now as she strokes herself to a fever, hitting the places a man can only guess at.

I pull away from Laurie's hungry lips and push her hands away from her body. She looks questioningly at me as she pants for breath.

"What's the matter? I was so close, and I was waiting to swallow your nice hot cum too"

I only smile and position her laying over the table, I spread her legs wide and begin licking and kissing again. Her sweet juices are everywhere by now, making her whole backside shine in the light. 

"Shit yes!…" she wails, "God yeah suck my clitty"

I lick her tangy juices up until my face is as wet and sticky as her hot cunt itself. She begins screaming in pleasure and thrashing on the table. When she is fully carried away by the sensations, but before she can begin cumming again I abruptly stand between her legs and slide the head of my cock against Laurie's little teenage asshole. I grasp her hips in my hands and gently thrust, just nudging my tip inside of her tight grasping passage.

"Oh fuck! Take my ass, Go ahead and fuck my virgin ass!" Laurie cries as she wriggles herself back against me.

I place one hand around Laurie's jaw and pull her head back enough to share a passionate kiss as I slowly add pressure and my pulsing cock slides deep within her sexy

Ass.

"Oh shit you're big!" Laurie cries as she instinctively tries to flinch away. I hold her steady, pull back and thrust again deeper. "Aaahhhh…. Owww…. Go on, yeah, FUCK!!" She screams as I quickly thrust the last inch home.

I pause and gently kiss Laurie's neck as she adjusts to me stretching her out, filling her in places she's never been filled before. "Is it better now honey?"

"Um-hmm" she quietly assents as I nuzzle behind her ear.

I begin flexing and moving just an inch or so at a time, Laurie's breathing comes heavier as she begins wiggling against me, encouraging contact.

"Aaaaaaaa!!.." she cries as I take the first full stroke, "Yeah, oh yeah! That's it! Spear me on that cock!" She commands as I begin stroking in earnest.

"You like it rough don't you Laurie?" (SLAP SLAP SLAP)

"Yes! Aaaah! Do me hard, I love it!"

The table begins to slide around the floor as I work up a feverish sweat driving myself into sweet little Laurie's ass. The said ass is quivering, rocking with my thrusts impacting it as my balls slap her wet cunt lips and she continues to scream and curse. (such shocking language from such a sweet young girl)

I begin moaning, grunting, slamming powerfully into the tight female ass before me until I can't hold back any longer.

"Oh FUUUUCK!" one or both of us screamed at the same time as I went off like a bomb in her hot tight depths and Laurie jerked stiff as a board, shivered a few times and passed out on the table.

I helped her up, and put her to bed. But I guess that's another story.