 For the last eight weeks I've been enjoying the most passionate sex of my life. I wasn't expecting it and I was initially reluctant, though I fantasized about it. And it probably won't last.

You see, I'm sleeping with my best friend and roommate's boyfriend. Sean and Maggie have been dating for over a year now. They, well she, talks about getting married. But I'm not so sure. I don't think Sean is ready to commit but it would incredibly awkward for everybody if Sean and I were to date openly. So for now, I'm just going to enjoy the ride.

What's crazy about this is that it is completely out of character for me. I'm not a prude but I've only slept with four guys in my life. All of them were long term relationships. But with Sean, even though it would be easy to fall for him emotionally it's all about the sex.

I met Sean through Maggie. Maggie and I went to college together, graduated and now we are sharing an apartment. Maggie is very attractive. She's never had a problem dating guys and can move easily from a serious relationship to random hookups if the need arises. Whereas I've only slept with four guys Maggie has slept with at least twenty not counting the occasional no strings attached hand jobs or blow jobs she's known for with friends or strangers. Maggie acts like a slut but keeps it well hidden. She definitely doesn't look like one. She looks every bit like the All-American cheerleader or swimsuit model, picture Brooklyn Decker. 

For many years I enjoyed hearing Maggie share the details of the men she was with. While I was reasonably happy with my own sex life, I wouldn't be honest if I didn't tell you that I was a little bit envious of some of Maggie's adventures. I would often fantasize about some of the men she had been with during my own solo time. 

Maggie could also be a little bit of a bitch. Which when you come right down to it probably made it a little easier for me to finally submit to Sean when I did. Even though my Girl Code was telling me I shouldn't. Since I crossed that line The Code has been thrown out the window. Sean and I have fucked at least ten times since the first. About a month ago we did it in the kitchen while waiting for Maggie to get ready for a date. Sean turned me around, bent me over the table, pulled up my skirt and fucked me. We both came in about a minute. A little later Maggie came down, with a little bit of her attitude showing, and I watched them leave while Sean's cum dripped down my leg. It felt good.

Last week at a New Year's party we were all at I pulled Sean aside for a blowjob in an out of the way bedroom at the hostess's house. I swallowed every drop I could and later enjoyed a "girlfriend" kiss with Maggie as the party counted down to midnight. The taste of Sean's semen was still heavy in my mouth.

I suppose I should tell you a little about myself. My name is Emily. I'm small. I'm only about 5' 1" and weigh about 105 pounds. I have brown hair and brown eyes and while I'm admittedly not as attractive as Maggie I'm no dog either. Some people have said I look like Natalie Portman, which is probably a stretch, but I'll take it. Good looking guys are attracted to me and I usually have a very nice boyfriend. That is except for the last six months.

I broke up with my long time boyfriend Gary in June. Nothing crazy, it was just time for both of us to go our separate ways. We may get back together. We may not. In any event, it took me a few weeks to get over it and then I started a new job in September so I really hadn't had time to be open to any opportunities. I was going through a pretty long dry spell. In the meantime I was enjoying seeing Sean around the apartment and he was filling my fantasies with plenty of material. 

Sean is a gorgeous. He reminds me of a younger Bradley Cooper. Sean is about 6' 2" tall and weighs about 200 pounds. He has sandy brown hair, blue eyes and an athletic and muscular surfer's build. He doesn't shave his chest (which is kind of gay anyway) but has just the right amount of body hair. He is smart and funny. And, according to Maggie, though I didn't know it first hand until recently, he has the perfect cock, about 8 inches and proportionately thick.

Okay guys, here's the thing about cock size. I can't say I speak for everybody but I can speak for myself and I think most of my girlfriends would agree with this. Al things being equal, we like a bigger dick. Of my four previous lovers I was equally attracted to each. All of them were equally competent in technique. Three of them were average in size and one was BIG. Big was better.

I don't know if it was physiological or psychological, probably a little bit of both, but the orgasms I got from the boyfriend I had with a big cock were more powerful and explosive. There was no better feeling than having my pussy stretched and filled to its fullest and then having that large dick pound into me over and over. Let me tell you, for me, there is nothing like it.

I digress. Let's get back to my story. I spent a fair amount of time with Maggie and Sean over the summer. Since I was still looking for work and without a boyfriend I was the tag along on nights out, trips to the beach or even hanging out at home. The three of us got along well and even though Sean would casually flirt with me from time to time I was always mindful of not letting it go to the next level. Don't get me wrong, I/we both enjoyed the banter but it never went to level where I felt any sexual tension between us. It was certainly innocent enough that Maggie never seemed to mind. 

But privately, when I was alone, Sean became the main character when I masturbated. After a day at the beach when Maggie and Sean went to bed I would find myself thinking of Sean and visualizing his body that I had been so close to all day. I'd feel again the casual touches we shared. I would remember his smell. With my eyes closed I would see his arms and his chest and the way his body hair laid across him and dried in the summer sun. I'd think of how our legs touched when we laid on the blanket and how powerful he felt. I'd see again the outline of his cock in his wet board shorts. I'd imagine Sean's hands touching me and my fingers would play in a way that I thought Sean might. I'd spread my legs and hold my pillow tight against my pussy and imagine that Sean had mounted me. And then I would rock my hips against the pillow and in my mind I'd be fucking Sean and feeling him release inside of me and of course, his release would bring on my own. Three or four nights a week I would drift off to sleep with my last thought being the pleasure of feeling Sean's weight on top of me after we had made love. Sean was a fantasy and I was content with the pleasure I got from that. And that was pretty much how things were until eight weeks ago. 

Sean, Maggie, and I had made plans to watch a movie together. It was a Thursday night and it was going to be a casual evening. Sean was coming over about 8:00 and we were going to watch Bridesmaids (Sean was a good sport). Maggie was coming back from a business trip and at the last minute she found out she wouldn't be able to make it home until the next day. No big deal, it wasn't unusual for Maggie's job to keep her out of town. But I was surprised when Sean showed up. He had apparently missed the message Maggie had left him.

I told Sean that Maggie would be out of town. He suggested we watch the movie anyway. It sounded like a good idea. I didn't think much of it, we were good friends by now, I had nothing else to do and the company would be nice. And in the back of my mind I figured I'd have a fresh memory of Sean to take to bed with me. I made some popcorn, he opened a bottle of wine, and we settled down together on the couch. We were sitting close but close the way friends would sit. We shared a blanket, the bowl of popcorn was on our laps, we each had a glass of wine and we started watching the movie. I certainly wasn't wearing anything sexy. I had on a pair of casual sweatpants and an oversized t-shirt. Sean was wearing a t-shirt and shorts.

It was imperceptible at first but at some point I could feel our bodies resting more and more on each other. I don't think it was me that leaned in closer first but between the general affection I felt for him and the wine I let my body relax and pretty soon my head was laying on his shoulder. It was still, in my mind anyway, an innocent scene, just two buddies hanging out. I was very content and enjoying the evening. 

The movie was probably about two thirds of the way through and was starting to drag a little (if you've seen Bridesmaids you'll know what I mean). I was sitting cross legged when I felt Sean's hand lay across my thigh. Sean wasn't being overtly sexual but the intimacy had been heightened. I initially thought about moving my leg, but I didn't want to overreact and spoil the moment. Plus, I reasoned, he really wasn't doing anything. While my conscious mind was completing the rationalization my body was beginning to react sexually. I could feel my pussy begin to warm and tingle. My leg may have even moved slightly in and out in sexual way. I didn't mean it to but I couldn't help it. 

I expect Sean took that as a cue that he could progress a little further. He moved his hand a little higher on my thigh and let it sit there. I no longer had a clue what was going on in the movie. My mind was racing with thoughts, this was wrong. Maggie was my friend. I had to stop it from going any further. But I could also feel the warmth of Sean's hand on my upper thigh and I couldn't stop him. It felt too good. In a few minutes Sean's hand began to slowly move back and forth on my inner thigh. While I could have justified or feigned innocence how he had touched me earlier there was no denying where this was going now.

My body was beginning to betray me. My legs would jump a little bit and would bend ever so slightly outward inviting him to touch me higher. I wanted to tell him no, that we needed to stop, that we couldn't do this to Maggie but with his touch and with my head laying more heavily on his shoulder I needed to feel more. It wasn't time to stop yet. I was still under the delusion that I could control myself before things went too far.

Sean's hand reached closer to my pussy. My legs slowly moved in and out silently encouraging him to touch higher. I heard a soft moan escape from my lips. I didn't mean to. I looked up at Sean and saw him looking into my eyes. He moved his lips towards mine and we kissed. I stopped him and pulled away. I was hesitant. Sean leaned in again and kissed me gently. This time I lingered for a moment. It was enough for him open his lips gently and push against my mouth. I accepted his tongue and closed my eyes. I let him softly explore my mouth. I could feel his hand moving that much closer to my pussy. I was still sitting cross legged when Sean used one hand to untangle them. With the other he gently maneuvered my shoulder and pushed me so that I was now lying on my side. Sean lay down next to me and for the first time I could feel his cock pressing against me. It was already hard. 

"Sean, I can't," I said. His hand had now slipped under my shirt and was resting between my hip and breast on the side. It felt good.

"It's okay, I want this," he said.

"I want it to but it's not right. Maggie's my friend." I could still feel his cock against me.

"It's okay. I want this. I'm attracted to you." His hand began to move slowly towards my breast. He leaned towards me and kissed me gently on the lips. I kissed back. It was just a moment.

"I'm attracted to you too. But we shouldn't be doing this." His hand moved to my breast and he was touching it. "Mmm."

He kissed me again and I pulled away. "No Sean, I can't." His hand stopped moving but he didn't take it away. I was glad.

"Listen, Em, this is okay, I don't want to hurt Maggie either but I don't think we're going to last anyway. She doesn't need to know about this."

I kissed him this time. "I just don't feel right about this," I said. His hand began moving again, cupping my breast and then moving behind my back to undo my bra. I didn't resist. My bra fell away and then his hands reached back to my chest now fully exposed. We kissed and I let his tongue enter my mouth. His hands felt so good on me and I could feel my hips move closer to him. The pressure was building in my pussy. "Noooo.."

"It's okay," he said.

I was ready but I was, not scared, but.. I don't know. I stopped him. I don't know why I said the next thing I said but I did. "Let's go to my room." 

Maybe I thought it would help slow things down. Maybe I thought if I had a minute to compose myself I could stop things before they went too far. Maybe I just wanted him to fuck me.

Sean lifted me up, grabbed my hand, and led me into my own bedroom. We lay down together and stated kissing again. His hand again moved to my exposed breasts and touched them. Soft moans began to escape from my lips as we kissed and my hips moved towards him. He pulled my shirt off and I slid my hands over his chest. I ran my fingers through his soft hair and followed the contours of his muscles. I could feel his cock pressing against me. It felt very big.

I was lying there now without my shirt but I still had my sweatpants on. Sean sat up and went to pull them down. "Ohhh Sean.. we shouldn't...," I whispered. Sean didn't say anything and finished taking them off and tossing them aside. I probably lifted my hips to make it easier. While he was sitting up he took off his shirt. I still had my panties on and he was still wearing shorts. He lay back down and we started to kiss again.

Sean had one arm under me pulling me towards him. His free hand was now moving towards my hips and down my inner thighs. His touch was soft but insistent and I could feel my pussy throb and moisten. I ran my free hand down his chest and over his cock. It felt so big. I moved my hand up to unbutton his shorts, pulled down his zipper and reached under his boxers to pull on his dick. I truly could not get my hand around it,

While I was doing that Sean had pulled my panties down and was slowly moving his hands around the outer parts of my pussy. He was in no hurry. I think in the end it was his patience with me that allowed me to fully submit. Even at this point there was a part of me that was telling me to stop it. But Sean was taking me closer and closer to my tipping point without me even knowing it. 

I was holding Sean's cock in my hand, slowly stroking it as we kissed. His hand continued to gently explore me. My hips were rocking back forth when his finger finally pushed it's way inside of me. I thrust hard into it and cried out, Ahhh.. mmm.." Sean pulled my panties off and I lay there naked in front of him. He got up and pulled off his shorts and leaned over the bed to kiss me. My eyes took in every inch of his body. He was amazing. His cock stood straight up. It was beautiful. He was beautiful.

He rolled towards me, "Oh Sean.. nooo.. we should stop." 

"It's okay baby.. It's oaky."

He was now moving on top of me. I could feel his cock pass over my hips and my legs. He gently pushed my legs apart. And then I opened them wider for him. He lay on top of me and I could feel the head at the entrance to my pussy. "No Sean.." I didn't say it with much conviction.

"Shhh.. it's all right baby," Sean whispered. His cock was pushing against my opening. And my pussy was readily receiving him.

"Oh.. noo.." I softly moaned and then Sean slowly slid his cock deep into me. I was so wet and ready for him and he was so hard that there was no resistance. "Ahhhhhh.." He had penetrated me and my pussy fully accepted and warmly embraced the visitor. Neither Sean or I moved for a moment. We looked into each others eyes not saying a word and then slowly Sean began pulling out, almost all the way out, before plunging in again.

"Ohh God.." I was stunned. It was as if an electrical volt had just been set off inside of me. His cock pushed all the way and then back again, and again, and again. Each time my pussy had to stretch to a size it had never had to before. I felt so full when he was all the way in and ached for an instant as he pulled back out to thrust again. Each time he pushed into me I could feel the head of his cock rub over my g-spot. My series of "Oh Gods.." had turned into a series of moans and cries of pleasure. My hands gripped his arms and I could feel his biceps. I spread my legs as wide as I could and eventually wrapped them around his back trying to pull Sean into me as deeply as I possibly could.

"Oh God Sean.. oh Sean.. fuck me.. fuck me.." I heard myself say. I had never been fucked like this. "Please Sean.. fuck me.." I could feel the pressure building in my pussy begin to spread out to my limbs and then back to my pussy.. little electrical impulses building to an overload of my senses and cascading of muscle contractions. "Sean.. Sean.. I'm coming.. oh god.. I'm coming.. come in me.. come in me.." I pleaded.

I went over the edge. I could feel my pussy tighten around Sean's swelling cock. My arms were around his back pulling him closer to me as my hips pushed hard against his hips. I could feel Sean's body begin to shake when his cock exploded deep inside of me. I could feel my womb fill with his semen. It was extraordinary. Sean thrust into me again and again each time depositing more of his cum. My cunt was still in spasms.. gripping and then relaxing and then gripping again the tool that had just given us so much pleasure. 

I had never come like that. Sean lay on top of me as we both rested. We rested for a couple of minutes until we both looked at each other and kissed. And then we laughed. I had no idea that this fuck, this moment would be so good and any guilt I might have had about Maggie completely slipped away. This was to be savored.

Sean eventually pulled out, never really softening. I could feel his sperm inside me. It was warm and I relished it being a part of me. We lay side by side for a while, chatting and giggling. I did not want this night to end and was hoping Sean felt the same. 

We lay there. Close to each other, arms and legs entwined. Sometimes we spoke. Sometimes we were comfortably silent. Slowly our bodies had repositioned so that we were now spooning, my back to Sean. He had one hand under me and with the free one he began rubbing my back, across my hips, and belly and up to my breast. He was touching me everywhere. His lips were kissing my neck. Again my body naturally responded to me. I arched my back and turned my head so that he could kiss me, in the mouth. I could feel his penis stiffen against me rubbing along the crack of my ass. 

Our kiss increased in passion and his hand continued to explore my breast. The soft moans I emitted were letting him know I enjoyed his touch. I wanted his touch. Sean's hand found it's way down to my pussy. He gently touched my clit sending shivers through me. My moans were louder now and my pelvis pushed against his fingers. He continued to circle his fingers near my pussy touching with just the right balance of pressure. One then two fingers entered me. I was incredibly wet both from my own arousal and the sperm Sean had left there a half hour earlier. Sean used some of that moisture to on my asshole, gently working a finger in there. I pushed back against that too, enjoying having a part of Sean in another of my most intimate places. 

Sean's cock was now rubbing against me, seeking an entry. His finger left my asshole and I could feel him lift my leg and place it over his hip, his cock now moving towards me from behind. I was a little nervous. I thought Sean was going to try to fuck me in the ass. I'm not an anal virgin and would have tried but his size worried me. Sean may or may not have sensed my anxiety but his cock ran across my asshole and instead slid into my pussy.
