 About two weeks ago I was working late, this was nothing unusual as I worked till 7:00 or 8:00 at least three times a week. I was usually alone; most of my coworkers went home by 6:00. I enjoyed having the office to myself, it was quiet; no phones ringing, no bothersome questions...this was my time.

I had just finished a projection report and had made copies of it; I was delivering them to various other Director's offices. I deliberately went to Kenneth's office last, his office was next to mine and by dropping a copy on his desk last I could go back to my desk and get back to work. It was a little after 7:00 and I wanted to get my reports finished so I could be home no later than 9:00.

His door was closed; this wasn't out of the ordinary because most of us closed our office doors when we left for the day. I couldn't see any lights on so I opened the door and stepped in. He was sitting at his desk with his back to me, I could see his computer was on and I assumed he was working late too.

As I approached his desk I could hear him breathing hard and fast, concerned I quickened my steps and walked up next to him. That's when I saw why he was breathing so hard...

He had his pants down to his ankles and his cock was in his hand. He was stroking it slowly, I watched as he rubbed his thumb across the tip and used his pre-cum to lubricate his shaft. I was mesmerized and just stood there watching. Kenneth is a great looking guy, he's tall, dark and handsome and now I see he has a huge cock. He had one hand around the base of it cupping his balls and the other was working his thick shaft.

I felt my pussy begin to ache as I continued to watch him, I was fascinated, I had never seen a man masturbate before and the sight was intriguing and exciting. I looked up at his face to see why he hadn't stopped when I came in, he had headphones on and his eyes were closed. My heart was beating fast; I didn't know what to do. I wanted to continue watching, I was quite aroused by now and I could feel myself growing wetter by the second. I decided to stay awhile longer and hope he didn't open his eyes. 

I continued to watch him for a long time; he stroked it slow and would moan softly every time he lubricated his cock with pre-cum. I was so excited watching him; I couldn't believe I had never noticed how handsome he was until now. His hands looked strong as I watched him massage his balls and grip his cock; I wondered how his hands would feel on my breasts.

I stood there transfixed on his cock with the papers still in my hand. That's when I heard him whispering, I leaned closer to hear what he was saying.

"Slow down Emily! I don't want to cum yet." He whispered.

My heart stopped and my ears starting ringing. Did he mean me? I didn't know him well enough to know if he knew another Emily. We've worked together for more than two years but we have never socialized. My heart resumed beating but it was beating so fast I was getting lightheaded.

"Wait, someone might hear us!" He whispered.

I was stunned; I thought it was me he was talking about! My mind was racing with ideas as I watched his face. His eyes were closed tightly and his mouth was open slightly as he continued to pleasure himself. My palms began to sweat as an idea took shape; I knew exactly what I was going to do.

I quietly walked to the door and closed it; I made sure it was locked just in case the cleaning crew came in early. I set the papers on his desk and slowly knelt on the floor in front of him. I wiped my palms on my skirt as I scooted closer to him. He continued to pump his hand up and down his shaft and I couldn't resist the urge any longer. I leaned in close and waited for his hand to reach the bottom of his shaft.

I watched as his hand slowly slid down his shaft and I moved in quickly. I wrapped my mouth around his slick head and slowly ran my tongue around the crest. He moaned loudly and I felt him jump in his seat but he didn't move to stop me so I continued. He moved his hands quickly and put them on the arms of his chair as I wrapped one hand around his shaft and the other began to gently massage his heavy balls.

His breathing was faster and I knew I scared him but he didn't stop me and I took it as a good sign. I couldn't imagine a man turning down a blowjob but still I was thrilled to have his prick in my mouth. His cock was warm and it was pulsing as my tongue circled his swollen head and my hand slowly stroked the part of his shaft that wasn't in my mouth. He was moaning louder and I could hear him whispering my name over and over as he gripped the arms of his chair.

I looked up at him and saw that he was watching me intently. He had taken off the headphones at some point, I wasn't sure when and it didn't really matter. I continued to look into his eyes as I began to slide his cock deeper into my mouth. He closed his eyes and threw his head back when I reached the halfway point. He was quite large, I barely had half of him in my mouth and he was already at the back of my throat. I took a deep breath and relaxed my throat and slid him further down my throat. He moaned loudly and leaned his head forward as his eyes flew open in amazement.

He watched as I moved my hand off his shaft and continued to take him down my throat. I felt my chin touch my hand that was cupping his balls and knew that I had most of him down my throat. I slowly began swallowing so my throat would begin to squeeze his cock. His eyes widened and he moaned louder than before as I continued to squeeze his prick with my throat. After a few minutes I slide him out of my mouth and resumed sucking on his head and stroking his shaft.

He sighed and let his head fall back against his chair; I closed my eyes and relished the feeling of his cock in my mouth. He was leaking pre-cum and I sucked out every drop, it tasted sweet and warm and I looked forward to tasting his cum. I knew he'd cum quickly if I deep throated him again but I wanted this to last longer than a few minutes so I continued to slowly roll my tongue around his head and on the sensitive area just below the ridge.

I wanted to milk more pre-cum from him so I began sliding my mouth up down his cock while using my hand to stroke him to the same rhythm. It worked, I felt the warm liquid drip onto my tongue and it was enough to make me want to taste his cum right then. I eased him down my throat again and began swallowing, I knew he wouldn't last long and I was right. 

Within a few minutes he was breathing faster and I felt him swell in my throat and begin to spasm as his load shot straight down my throat. He was practically screaming as his pumped his warm cum into my mouth and I loved knowing how good I was making him feel. I was so aroused I almost came just from his climax and my pussy was soaking wet. I could feel my panties getting wetter as he pumped stream after stream down my hungry throat.

When he finished climaxing I gently slid him out of my mouth and kissed the tip of his spent cock. He sighed and put both hands on the sides of my face, I looked up at him and smiled. I could see from the glow of his computer screen that he was smiling widely at me.

Without saying anything I got to my feet and was going to leave his office, I got what I wanted and was ready to go back to work. He had other plans...

He grabbed my wrist and pulled me back to him, he pushed me against his desk and kissed me deeply. He had incredibly soft lips and I opened my mouth in response to his tongue licking my lips. His tongue slid in my mouth and quickly found mine, our tongues danced around each other's and soon I was breathing heavily and desperately wanting more from him. His hands were rubbing up and down my sides and soon were wandering over my body. He slipped them under my blouse and up my back, I felt him unhook my bra and run his hands up and down my back. He pulled me tighter against him and kissed me harder, his tongue was licking the inside of my mouth. I felt him lick the roof of my mouth and it sent chills up my spine.

His hands were roaming all over me, he ran them down my sides then around to my bottom. He was kneading my cheeks as his tongue drove in and out of my mouth. I began sucking his tongue as I ran my hands up his arms; I could feel his hard muscles under his dress shirt. Next I began exploring his chest; it was rock hard; I checked out his abs...a six-pack. I was moaning as I felt him unzip my skirt and slowly slide it down past my hips, next he began to unbutton my blouse. Once it was off he pulled my loose bra off of my shoulders and tossed it on the floor with my blouse.

I began unbuttoning his shirt as he began to remove my panties. He moaned as he felt my lacy thong panties. He slipped them over my ass and hips and down my thighs. He broke the kiss while I stepped out of my panties; he lifted them to his face and inhaled deeply. He moaned and licked my wetness off the thin strip of material; when he was done he tossed them on the floor. I had unbuttoned his shirt so he pulled it off and threw it on the floor with my clothes then pulled his undershirt over his head and added it to the pile of discarded clothing. 

He pulled me to him and we pressed our naked bodies against each other, I could feel that he was getting hard again so I slowly ground my stomach against his growing erection. He looked down at me and pressed his mouth firmly against mine and we began kissing again. His tongue was forceful as he sensually licked my mouth and sucked on my tongue. 

He was pushing me back against his desk, my butt was against it and he lifted me onto it. It was cold on my naked behind but I didn't mind, I was hot and getter hotter with each passing second. He was leaning on me as he pushed me onto my back, I heard him moving things around on his desk until I could lie back completely. He lifted my legs onto his desk; I bent my knees as he leaned between my spread thighs. Once I was on my back he pulled away from my mouth and began trailing kisses down to my breasts. 

He was kneading my breasts with both hands and kissing my nipples. His mouth felt incredible as he found my nipple, he ran his tongue over it and sucked it into his mouth. I moaned as he flicked his tongue across my nipple while he sucked it. He was pinching my other nipple and the combination sent chills over my entire body. He took turns with each nipple, flicking and teasing them till they were rock hard then sucking them and rubbing his tongue back and forth over them in his mouth. I was incredibly aroused but somewhere in the back of my mind I was thinking how crazy this was! I couldn't believe I was on Kenneth's desk naked while he sucked my nipples.

I reached my hands up and ran my fingers through his soft hair, I pressed his head firmly to my nipple and he sucked harder. I moaned as he released my nipple then switched to the other. He took turns lightly biting and tugging on my nipples with his teeth, he seemed to know exactly how to turn me on.

He began moving his hands down my belly till he came to my bare mound. He stopped biting my nipple and looked up at me, he smiled and looked down at my pussy. He stared for a while in the dim light, then he smiled again and resumed sucking and biting my nipples while his fingers gently probed the folds of my moist pussy. He circled my clit with his finger then began to rub it till it grew under his finger. He slowly pressed down on it while he tugged on my nipples with his teeth. It made my toes tingle and I moaned loudly as he bit down hard on my nipple. I had never had a man pay so much attention to my nipples and to have him bite and tug on them was extremely arousing.

I felt his fingers gliding across my pussy lips, he did that several times, teasing me till I reached down and pushed his hand onto my pussy. He chuckled with my nipple in his mouth and the vibration made my body tremble. I wanted to feel his fingers inside me, I was desperate to cum after having him sucking my nipples for so long.

He slid his finger inside me slowly, we moaned in unison as my pussy clamped down tightly on his finger. I felt a second finger enter me and he slowly began to finger me while still sucking my nipples. I felt like my insides were melting as his fingers slid in and out my pussy, the heat spread from his fingers all the way to the top of my head till I felt like I was going to explode if I didn't cum soon.

I was amazed at how quickly he found my G-spot; he knew he hit it when I started moaning loudly and began writhing on his desk. Once he found it he relentlessly rubbed it till I was screaming and ready to cum. He stopped sucking my nipples and swiftly dropped onto his chair, he pulled me to the edge of his desk and I rested my feet on the arms of his chair while he buried his face in my pussy. He immediately started sucking on my clit while his fingers massaged that magical spot inside my pussy.

I felt my orgasm build quickly as he continued to suck on my clit and flick it with his tongue. I felt my legs begin to shake and my hips bucked uncontrollably as my climax swept over me. My pussy was pulsing on his fingers as he continuously rubbed my G-spot till my body was quivering all over and I was in the throes of the most intense orgasm I had ever had. It seemed to go on forever, wave after wave of incredible pleasure washed over me as his fingers relentlessly worked my pussy and his warm mouth sucked on my clit.

Once I finally finished my climax he eased his fingers out and lowered his mouth, he slurped up my juices and sucked my swollen lips into his mouth. He licked me clean and I sat up on his desk, my head was spinning from that incredible orgasm but I wanted more. I slid off his desk and stood in front of him, his cock was hard and jutting straight up in the air.

I climbed on his lap without saying a word and wrapped my arms around his neck. We kissed as I positioned myself over his cock and quickly pressed my pussy against his head. I slid down his shaft quickly and began riding him hard and fast. I broke the kiss and pushed my breasts in front of his face. He seized one of my nipples in his mouth and began sucking on it as I slid his hard cock in and out of my pussy.

I was still sensitive from my orgasm and as soon as I felt his full length inside me I was ready to cum again. It hit me like a ton of bricks as I began to climax on his huge cock. I threw my head back and moaned loudly as I came all over long prick, I could hear my juices as he slid in and out of my wet hole. When I was finished he released my nipple and I rested my head on his shoulder as he kissed my neck. I slowed my rhythm down out of exhaustion, I had only cum twice but the impact of those orgasms was so intense I couldn't see straight and I felt lightheaded.

He stood up with me on his lap still and laid me back on his desk. He lifted my feet high in the air and started drilling his cock in and out of me like a well-oiled piston. After several minutes he was breathing hard and grunting, I knew he was going to cum soon. I tightened my pussy around his cock and that was all it took, I felt his cock pulse inside me as his warm load spilled deep inside my pussy.

He collapsed on top of me and we stayed like that for a while as we recovered. Once our breathing returned to normal he got off of me and pulled me to my feet. We kissed softly and embraced. I realized at that moment that we hadn't said a word to each other the entire time. When I walked in his office and saw him stroking his cock there were no words exchanged between us, other than moans, grunts and panting.

I broke away from his kiss and reached down to gather up my clothes. I slipped into my bra and blouse while he watched silently from his chair; he was still naked. I picked up my skirt and headed for the door without saying a word, at that point I wasn't sure what to say. Should I say "thank you" or perhaps, "good job" I didn't know! I had never done anything like that before and I was pretty freaked out by my brazen behavior.

As I approached the door I heard him moving in his chair, I turned to see him staring at his computer monitor. I opened the door quietly and giggled to myself as I quickly made my way to the nearest bathroom to wash up. I was naked other than a bra and blouse and I wanted to hurry and get in there before the cleaning crew came in. In the bathroom I washed my face and private parts (as best as I could) and slipped into my skirt. I couldn't wear my panties because I had left them behind in his office.

"Shit!" I mumbled to myself. I couldn't go back in there and get them. I decided to leave them in there and hope he tossed them out before he left. In case he didn't see them I figured I would sneak back in his office and get them once he was gone. 

I crept from the bathroom looking around in the dimly lit office to make sure no one was around. Feeling sure I was alone I walked to my office and closed the door behind me. I switched on my two desk lamps and turned off the bright overhead light. I laid my head my desk and thought about had happened. I looked over at the clock and saw it was after 10:00 pm. I was in there for three hours? How did that happen? 

I went over the last three hours in my mind, Kenneth was a wonderful lover and he had the biggest dick I had ever seen! He had to be at least 8 inches; my last boyfriend was a decent size but Kenneth...he blew him away easily. I wondered what would happen tomorrow, it's not like Kenneth and I ever talked at work so I imagined he would probably avoid me. I decided I should probably do the same.

I was gathering my papers and putting them in my briefcase when my email alert went off. I sat down at my computer and clicked on the alert...the email was from Kenneth. Surprised I opened the email quickly and read it.

Emily,

Please see me first thing tomorrow morning.

Sincerely,

Kenneth

I wasn't sure what that was about but I figured I'd go see him right now instead of waiting for everyone to be in the office when he and I talked. I walked quickly to his office and knocked softly, there was no response. I opened the door slowly and looked in, it was dark and empty. I flipped on the light switch and looked around for my discarded panties, they were gone. I checked his garbage cans and they were empty other than a few papers and miscellaneous trash items.

I turned off the light and went back to my office. I gathered my things and left for the evening. On the way home I wondered what he wanted to say, was he upset about me violating his privacy and walking in on him? I was embarrassed at my behavior and I hoped he wasn't too upset with my violation. I didn't have to worry about him being a subordinate or vice versa, we were both Directors in the company so we were equals. There was still the whole matter of sexual harassment though. What if he was so mad he was going to press charges? Granted he did willingly lick my pussy and fuck me and he never once said no or tried to stop me. I relaxed a little about the sexual harassment angle of things and decided to wait to talk to him before jumping to any more conclusions.

I came home and took a long hot shower while thinking about the strange evening I'd had. I slept soundly, I dreamt once the whole night; it was a dream about Kenneth and the two of us making love. It wasn't hard and fast like in his office, in my dream it was slow and deliberate. When I woke up I was aching for him again, I had to relieve the pressure before I could take my shower so I reached in my nightstand drawer and pulled out my little vibrator.

I hadn't used it in a long time and it needed new batteries. I replaced the batteries and removed my panties. I was soaking wet as I turned on my vibrator and slowly slid it into my pussy. I moaned as I remembered Kenneth's long thick prick inside me as the vibrator stimulated my G-spot. I reached up with my free hand and began rubbing and pinching my nipples. I could feel my pussy getting wetter as I neared my climax and I began imagining Kenneth deep inside me again. I pinched my nipple harder and started sliding my vibrator in and out of my pussy faster. My orgasm hit me quickly and was over just as fast. I didn't feel as satisfied as I had hoped I would but it relieved me enough that I was able to take my shower and get ready for work without fantasizing about Kenneth again.
