 I've worked at plenty of jobs in my lifetime. Unfortunately, have not had great luck with keeping jobs. However, there is one job in particular that has always kept me on my toes night after night: Pizza Delivery. The pizza place I worked at near my house was always an all guy staff, for as long as I had known. That was, up until I came back to work there after leaving for almost six months. That was when I first saw Emilee. She was an angel, sent from heaven to christen this pizza place with her beautiful presence. She was a modest height, around five-eight or so. Her hair was deep brown and her eyes were an amazing blue. The first time I talked to her, I felt like I was stumbling on my words talking to a high school crush again.

"H-Hello, I'm B-Ben," I said to her, my stuttering upsetting me as it stole my usual cool and calm nature away.

"Hi, I'm Emilee," she said back, with a cute laugh that only made her angelic voice even more spectacular.

"So, how long have you been here?" I asked her.

"Only a couple of months, but I've done pizza jobs before," she answered in her soothing voice.

"Oh, that's cool," I answered. My confidence was coming back, as I realized this girl was the most beautiful and sexy thing I'd ever seen. "I worked here before, for a while. I quit for personal reasons, but now I'm back to rock this place."

She laughed, her gorgeous eyes delving into my soul as she gave me a smile that could melt an entire iceberg with how hot it was. She turned away, twirling a bit as she did, sending her ponytail swinging with her. I took the opportunity to get a good look at the rest of her. To my astonishment, she wore the tightest fitting black yoga pants I'd ever seen. I could see every detail of her amazingly sculpted legs and ass. She had the most perfectly proportioned butt I had ever seen. I could already envision myself wanting her cheeks on either side of my face as I dove headfirst into eating her out. She turned back around to me, quicker than I had anticipated, leaving me to wonder if she had seen me practically salivating at the sight of her body. I got a chance to take a look at the front of her, seeing that she had a nice flat stomach and a moderate set of breasts. Being more of an ass guy than a tits guy, I didn't mind her having a medium sized chest.

"So, Ben, think you can jump right back in this routine?" she asked me teasingly.

"Emilee, you just wait and see how I rock this," I boasted back to her.

I grabbed the pizza spatula from the table and scooped up the large pizza making its way out of the over. I slid it onto the prep table and scooped it into a box. Taking up the pizza cutter, I sliced it into eight perfect slices and boxed it up. Turning around, I twirled the spatula in my hands and grabbed the next item: some wings. I placed them into the small wing box and gave them a thorough coating of the buffalo sauce we have at the shop. I dropped a blue cheese into the box and set it up next to the pizza.

"Impressive," Emilee said to me.

"Yeah, I try to rock the shit out of everything I do," I retorted, becoming much more confident that this girl was interested.

"Well, let's see how you fare on the road, your delivery is up," Emilee said to me, her eyes matching the sexiest smile I'd ever seen.

"Please, I drive good enough to be a professional driver, like on The Transporter," I said back to her, giving her a wink.

I took the delivery without problem, getting a decent tip from the moderately obese dude that had ordered it. The night dragged on with deliveries coming in repeatedly during our typical busy time. Every time I got a chance to be in the shop, I stole stares and looks at her amazing body every time I could. Although not being direct, Emilee continued to be a bit on the flirtatious side with me. I was enjoying every second I had at the shop, which was not usually the best time of the night for me. Typically, I enjoyed being out on the road, jamming to my loud rock music, and laughing at the people on the road that were terrible drivers. This night, however, I couldn't get my mind off of her, and strived to get the delivery done as fast as possible to get back to the shop with her.

With only about an hour or so left in the night, the orders began to slow down considerably, allowing me to stay in the shop and begin some cleanup. Emilee was taking care of the make line and the counters, while I took care of the floors. A couple of times we passed each other in the thin walkways, and we brushed up against each other. Each time, I was hit with a rush of excitement as I fought the urge to blatantly touch her. A few passes later, I got bold and decided to intentionally "accidentally" brush her ass with my hand.

"Oh, sorry," I said as I passed.

"Don't worry about it," she said back, looking at me with eyes showing mischief.

"Don't take this the wrong way," I began, "but you are one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my life.

She looked at me, turning her body fully to face me this time. She walked the few steps between us and got right up to me, her lips only a few inches from mine. She looked into my eyes for a few seconds.

"So what do you wanna do about it?" she asked, almost telling me she wanted me to make a move.

I hesitated, not wanting to fall for some sexual harassment trap. I didn't see her hand as it was making its way toward my body. Suddenly, I felt her caress near my cock ever so gently. I knew this was no trap, and for some reason this gorgeous girl was fulfilling an insane fantasy. I grabbed her ass and pulled her to me, locking her in a deep, passionate kiss. I forcefully took her into the back office and locked the door. I shoved her to the desk and made her bend over. I wanted to have every inch of her immediately.

"Oh God, I love it rough," she said to me. "Smack my ass!"

I immediately obliged, smacking her ass hard, savoring how firm her ass felt under my hand. I pulled down her yoga pants slowly, admiring every inch of her perfect form. They dropped to the floor and she kicked them away. I kissed both of her perfect ass cheeks as I caressed every inch of her that I could reach. She arched her back and moaned as I moved my hands up her shirt and under her bra. Her tits felt amazing; I couldn't wait to see and taste them. I twisted her around to face me and locked her in another kiss as I quickly removed her shirt and bra. Her body was perfect, her nipples were pink, tits perky, and her areolas were quarter sized. I almost came in my pants just from the sight. I couldn't help myself, I had to have them. I grabbed both tits in my hands and sucked on them one by one.

Emilee threw me off her and dropped to her knees. She began to undo my belt as I looked down at the unbelievable sight below me. She took my pants off and admired the huge lump in my boxer briefs. She moved her fingers over my cock, sending shocks through my body. I took in a deep breath as I anticipated her removing my manhood from its prison.

"Wow, it already looks very impressive and happy to see me," she said teasingly as she slowly tugged down my underwear.

Once clear of my now raging cock, it sprang loose and nearly hit her in the face. She was surprised to see how big it was, letting out a short, quiet, squeal. My nine inch cock was at full attention and eagerly waiting hers. She wrapped her hands around my cock, running them up and down the shaft slowly. I couldn't help the moans and deep breaths of ecstasy as she brought her mouth onto my cock. The warm, wet goodness of her mouth fully enveloped the head of my dick and I exploded in pleasure. I had never felt anything so amazing in my life. She moved her mouth up and down my dick, almost getting the full nine inches in there, which was impressive.

"Get back on the table," I ordered her.

I couldn't wait any longer to fuck her brains out. I bent her over the desk once again and removed her sexy little black panties. Her pussy was fully shaved, and looked like it was already soaking wet. I pushed my tongue as far in as I possibly could, tasting the amazing goodness of her pussy juices. She let out a loud moan as she was hit with a huge wave of pleasure from my intrusion. As much as I wanted to savor having her like this all night long, I wanted to be inside of her more than anything. I stood up and lined my throbbing cock up with her pussy. I wet the tip of my dick with a bit of spit and brushed it up and down the outside of her pussy. She slapped her hands down on the desk and moaned, my movements brushing her labia and clit lovingly.

Slowly, I pushed my cock into her, each inch sinking in smoothly as the combination of my spit and her soaking wet pussy allowed an easy passage. Her fingers scraped the desk as she screamed with sexual pleasure at my full nine inches being inside of her.

"Oh my God, you are so BIG!" she yelled. "Fuck me!"

I obeyed the command and began to pound her hard, our mutual need for an aggressive, animal-like fuck overtaking us. I felt like I was in heaven: her pussy was so wet and tight, it was like nothing I had ever felt before. I let out grunts and moans as the feelings of euphoria spread throughout my body.

"Pull my hair!" she yelled to me.

I pulled on her beautiful hair, using it to propel my cock deeper into her pussy, if that was even possible. I sank all the way in, balls slapping against her clit. She let out another scream of pleasure as I slammed her for what felt like fifteen minutes. I finally began to feel the building of an orgasm deep in my balls, and knew I would explode soon.

"Oh God, I'm gonna cum soon!" I said to her as my hands gripped her tits tightly.

She pushed back hard and turned around, taking my cock into her mouth, enjoying the taste of her pussy juices on my member. The complete unexpected nature of the move, combined with the fantastic feeling of her tongue once again on my dick, made me cum immediately. I felt shot after shot of my hot cum fly into her mouth. Her eyes closed as she did her best to catch what felt like the biggest load of my life in her mouth. When I was done, she pulled her mouth away and swallowed my load. She went back and licked the over-sensitive underside of my dick, sending a shockwave through me.

"That, was amazing," was all I could muster.

"We're closing together every night this week," she said back to me.

I knew it was on. We got dressed and exited the office, to finish cleaning up the shop. I couldn't wait for my next shift, I had never met a more amazing girl in my life. Needless to say, the rest of our mutual employment there was going to be amazing.