 Michael and Emily were finally moving out together. For Michael it was a dream to live with his best friend. They had known each other since 4th grade and were now 18. They were both going to the same college in the city and realized they needed to live closer, so getting an apartment together seemed like the perfect solution. Michael grinned as Emily was singing one of her silly made up lyrics versions of a song on the radio. Just as he glanced at her they went over a bump, and Michael's eyes darted down before he quickly averted his eyes and looked back at the road.

Michael had suspected for a long time that he might have had serious feelings for Emily. He admired her intelligence, couldn't help but laugh at her witty, playful and sometimes self-deprecating humor, he loved that they shared a number of interests (videogames, biology, reading) and passions and they had always been there for each other. She never seemed like she was interested in him in that way, although she never dated much anyway, only ever having seen two guys for a few dates before deciding they weren't right for her. Still, Michael tried to convince himself that he wasn't interested in her romantically, since that could mess up their friendship if she didn't feel the same way. After all, perhaps his attraction was nothing more than an overreaction to the fact that she was the most unbelievably sexy thing he had ever seen.

First, there was her gorgeous eyes, a shade of bright, sparkling green, full of spark. She was a mellow creature often but had a great deal of passion and wonder in those eyes. She had a slightly rounded face, pale, lightly freckled skin, and a sweet, thousand watt smile. Anyone would think she was gorgeous and he guessed she knew, or didn't care, because she rarely worried about makeup. She had a nice body too. Short, about 5'5, and a little bit chubby but not at all fat, she had a nice, round butt, a little bigger than the average girl her weight, and an hourglass waist. But it was one other feature, that which had caused the strange behavior of Michael's eyes, that was truly exceptional.

Emily had what might have been the largest healthy breasts on a slim girl in the city, hell, maybe the country. Hell, Michael had never seen any bigger, possibly even the world. sitting in the passenger seat, sure she was sitting down and was kind of short, but that doesn't usually cause a girl's boobs to sit on her lap. Literally the bottom of her globes were pressed against her legs. They must have projected out nearly a foot and a half. They weren't just huge, they were absolutely, unbelievably gigantic beyond all comparison.

Emily usually wore a bra, those must have been hell to carry around without one, but not today, it seemed, and it was probably, as Michael had noticed, that recently she seemed to be outgrowing her bras. God, it was hard to believe that she was still growing. She was wearing at least 3 or 4 layers of tops, as it was winter, and Michael presumed something restricting at the bottom layer, but even with that, that bump in the road was too much, and her colossal breasts heaved up enough to just about raise them fully off her lap and slammed back down again. Emily coughed as they landed, obviously knocking a little wind out of her and stopping her song.

"Sorry, I didn't even notice the bump." said Michael sincerely. He had been distracted. "Shit, I'm going way too fast. We're pretty close, now."

"You gotta warn me next time you do something crazy like that so I've got time to... get a hold of myself." she chuckled. "Oh, man. I'm so looking forward to life in the city. The bright lights, Michael, I can't resist them. I'm like a moth. Speaking of lights, do stop at that traffic light."

A few minutes later and they arrived at the apartment. They were on the second floor, but fortunately there was an elevator. Michael got out and walked around to the back. Emily stepped out, and Michael couldn't help but stare a moment. As her breasts slipped off her legs into a hanging position when she stepped down onto the bitumen car-park, they rested, in their braless state, not at her navel, as was the case for the most incredible busty pornstars Michael had seen, but all the way down to her hips. She was wearing a green woolen cardigan on the top layer, that wrapped around the bottom of her globes, and must have been for a woman several times her weight. Michael could see a faint outline of a nipple thicker than his thumb hidden behind her many layers of clothing. Despite her physical handicap, Emily, never one to try to load all the work onto others, still carried at least a quarter of the stuff mashed into the back of the car into the apartment.

By the end, they were both feeling pretty worn out. It had been a long drive. Michael fell back onto the couch. Emily didn't have that option and sat down carefully with her hand on the back, smoothing her descent. She put her hands up behind her head. Michael tried to ignore her fat juicy mammaries sliding to her sides, even when one lightly began to touch the side of his arm, sending his heart racing. Her cardigan buttons looked set to pop off.

"It's so great we've got a house all to ourselves." she said after a few moments of taking in the apartment, which was not huge but not that small really, for 2 people.

"Yep." said Michael, unable to entirely concentrate on the apartment.

Over the next few days, Michael and Emily didn't see each other all that much, despite living together. The first 3 days of the week were long days at college and they were in different courses, Michael doing engineering and Emily studying marine biology and conservation. She was a very aquatic person, and Michael felt bad she wasn't going to have a pool anymore, given swimming was the only sport she could really do and it helped with her core muscles. Michael was also looking for a job, Emily said she wanted to have a little time to partly relax before she started working again. Still, in the evening they managed to get some time together, playing a few games and watching some movies. It was a real breath of fresh air living together, and so far as easy as pie, though Michael could anticipate the kitchen getting pretty messy if they didn't start getting used to their caretaker responsibilities.

Michael was also relieved to see Emily wearing a bra again. He didn't need that level of distraction in his life, he'd never be able to concentrate on his schoolwork and have permanent blue balls. He already had them quite a lot around Emily. Michael had had one girlfriend in the past but was now single again. He could definitely tell it was too small though, she had a pretty severe quad boob going on. It may have been a tiny fraction of her chest, but it was more than most girls had all together. Emily didn't really show off her boobs that much but she had come to accept them in the past few years and didn't hide them so much, at least when she was around the home. She still dressed fairly conservatively in public. Michael didn't think she was still shy about them, she just didn't want all the constant leering and wolf-whistles, or the disrespectful comments from bitter old women, both of which she still got now and then. She had a beautiful personality, but sometimes people found it too hard to look past her freakish chest to notice it. Even Michael felt a bit guilty sometimes for thinking too much about her body instead of her mind, but he was a chronic boob-man, it was difficult to avoid.

That was one of his fears, that if she knew how attracted to her he was and she wasn't interested in him in return, she would forever think of him as another lustful pursuer rather than as the lifelong friend he had been. As badly as he wanted her body, and as much as he wanted to take her out and sweep her off her feet (metaphorically, he doubted he could carry her easily), he wouldn't want to lose what he had now. Hopefully he could find someone else at college, and get over Emily.

"So how's the job hunting going?" Emily asked, as Michael sat down to watch a movie with her.

"Ugh, not great, but I mean, it's been less than a week, I don't expect to get a job in a few days."

"Yeah, I guess not. I'm thinking I might have to start looking for a job sooner than I'd planned."

"Really? How come?"

"Hm, well, don't worry about it, but I had some extra expenses."

"What?"

"I said don't worry about it!"

"Oh, it's some big secret is it?"

"No, it's just... if I say it's women's stuff will that get you to shut up?"

"Ah, yes, the one subject us guys can not touch!"

"Exactly. What are we watching?"

"Tiger Fist of the West."

"Oh god, another kung fu movie? Can't we watch something good, something where you have to use your brain?"

"Well I'd like to see your brain keep up with Jimmy Chung, the Tiger Fist of the West."

Emily laughed. She was wearing a space themed t-shirt, stretched semi-taught across her bra-encased boulders, galaxies and nebulae billowing out in two directions. Michael could make out the shape of it. It was a pretty heavy duty contraption, with straps about two inches thick in her shoulders. Only a few inches of her enormous cleavage peered out the neck, but beneath the cotton fabric billows of flesh overflowed the confines of their prison. 'Just watch the movie' Michael thought to himself.

Michael was finishing up on an engineering problem while he waited for the shower to be free. He heard the water turn off, and a few minutes later, Emily walked out in a dressing hanging loosely over her pajamas, hanging off the tops of her knockers. Michael only glanced a moment as she walked into her room and then looked back to his work. He grabbed his own pajamas and walked into the steamy bathroom. Then he thought of something he hadn't quite registered earlier. She didn't bring her pile of clothes with her like she usually did. He closed the door behind him. Sure enough, on the ground next to him was her clothes, and most importantly, her bra.

Holy fucking shit, what a bra. Michael had never seen one of Emily's bras before. Well, once about 4 years ago, when she was wearing an H-cup. But nothing like this. It was not a decorative thing, just one solid piece of white fabric with a thick foam base, with a heavy underwire and a thick, heavily stitched band and the two inch straps he had seen before. The band went a few inches below the cups as well, no doubt for extra torso support, and Michael saw 5 rows of hooks vertically and 3 horizontally. But those cups. Each one solid piece, they were formed to fit Emily's breasts, but an average sized watermelon would have fit loosely inside one of those cups. Michael took off his clothes and started a shower to disguise his true occupation. Naked, and his dick already hard, Michael kneeled down and reached out to the thing in front of him. What was wrong with him? This was just a bra but it was more exciting than his old girlfriend's actual c-cup breasts? He palmed the fabric, and began to mold it under his thumb. Oh, god. Images in his mind raced of the glorious heaving breasts of his best friend being beneath those cups. With his other hand he started stroking. His hand barely covered a fraction of the immense white silky surface. Michael then thought of something else, and moved his hand over to the edge of the strap and looked for the tag, which he soon found on the other side. It read:

"E.B. Ericson's custom brassiere emporium

Size: 34Q"

A surge went through Michael's loins, and he suddenly realized his dick was pointing right at Emily's custom-made bra. He twisted as quickly as possible and fell over backwards. Semen burst out and flew all over the door, wall and shower screen. Michael was going to have to do a bit of cleaning, and had a bit of a headache now, but at least the bra was untouched. That 34 Q-cup bra.

Emily was sitting cross-legged on her bed, a book in her arms, which rested on the bosoms that sat in her lap.

'Shit.' she thought. She had left her bra in the bathroom in plain sight. Oh well, they were roommates now, he was bound to see one of them eventually.