 I had to spend most of last week away from home on business at our regional office. My husband set me a dare to do to keep things spicy between us whilst I'm away. He challenged me to remove my panties at work, go back to my desk and take a picture on my phone of my bare pussy and send it to him.

You have no idea how difficult that was! I wore a loose fitting skirt that I thought would be easy enough to take a pic under, it's quite flared at the hem and finishes at the knee so is respectable for work. When I got to the office I went to the restroom and removed my panties. I felt very naughty walking back to my desk without panties, it actually made my nipples very erect which got noticed and commented on, I put it down to the aircon!

The office is open plan and unfortunately my desk is furthest away from the window. I sat on the edge of my chair and spread my knees, pointed my phone in the general direction and took a couple of shots. 

Unfortunately with no flash on my i-phone and poor office light you couldn't make anything out but my was I wet down there! I tried a couple of other angles and seating positions but couldn't get it to work. 

I downloaded what I thought was the best pic onto my laptop and was trying to fix it, unfortunately I lost track of time and was late for a meeting. I panicked a bit and went into the meeting room still pantieless! 

It felt very odd being in a meeting with my boss and three male colleagues wearing no panties. I was facing the window which was open and the breeze kept going up my skirt, it felt very sexy! Fortunately the meeting didn't last long but the floor length window had inspired me.

One of my colleagues in the meeting was one of the guys I often give "executive relief" to on business trips. I asked if he could hang back to discuss a problem I had. Once the door had closed I told him I needed him to help me take a photo for Cliff. I went over to the window and hitched my skirt up a bit, stuck out my ass and told him to take a pic of my pussy up my skirt from behind. I think it's come out quite well and I am pleased with it.

My colleague took advantage though and slipped a finger in my pussy. I've never let him do that to me before but it felt so good, you can probably tell in the pic how wet I was. I had to support myself by leaning against the desk. I let him finger me for a minute or so and he started finger fucking me really hard and fast from behind, not sure how many he had in me, I came on his fingers in record time biting my bottom lip to keep quiet. The meeting room door was unlocked the whole time. Nick suggested we go for lunch later, I agreed and he requested I kept my panties off.

Nick had suggested we go to a pub a few miles out into the country in his new Range Rover. As we were getting into his car, Nick requested I sit in the middle seat in the back and play with myself. I took my blouse and bra off, hitched my skirt up around my waist and started to diddle my clit and massage my breasts, pinching my nipples as I did so. I was still so very turned on and Nick was watching in the rear view mirror, I pulled my legs up high, ankles around the back of my head, I soon made myself cum. Once out into the countryside he pulled the car into a layby and climbed through to the back, knelt in the foot well and ate my cunt till I came again, which was in no time at all. 

He then said that as he had helped me fulfill Cliffs challenge, he had one for me. He wanted me to fuck his gearshift. I removed my skirt, but put my blouse back on as the front windows were not tinted, clambered through to the front and sat on the gear stick facing Nick with my back to the windshield. It went in relatively easily and because the knob was trimmed with leather and warm from the winter sun, it felt good. It really opened my clit hood, my clit was really exposed, stiff and erect! Nick reached forward to diddle it and he also slid a finger up my ass until I came once again.

He asked me to unbutton my blouse and show him my breasts too so he could take some pictures, which I did. He put his phone onto video mode and asked me to hump the gearshift. I went crazy on the thing, bouncing up and down on it for several minutes, my tits were wobbling about, the car was rocking and I came for a fourth time. 

Nick had gotten his cock out by now and I clambered back to him and engulfed his cock with my mouth. After a minute or so realised I needed to feel a hot stiff cock in my pussy. I turned around and sat on his cock with my back to him, impaling myself on it, I spread my legs wider and started grinding myself on him. Nick was playing with my tits and flicking my clit with his fingers. I told him to let me know when he was getting close and I would finish him off with my mouth. 

A minute or so later I felt him start to twitch and asked him if he was close to cumming. He grunted that he was, so I made to get off but instead he grabbed my hips tightly, pulling me down hard, further onto him and thrust his cock deeper into my cunt as I struggled to raise myself. His cock throbbed and I mean really throbbed as he unloaded what proved to be a massive cum-load deep inside me as I struggled to get off. 

He immediately apologised but I was pretty pissed with him. I told him he'd better clean me up as I couldn't go into a pub with cum running down my thighs. He lay on the back seat and I sat above his face and watched his jizz trickle out of me onto his tongue before I lowered myself further onto him. Man he is good at eating pussy, I kinda forgave him there and then, especially when he made me cum yet again, five orgasms before lunch! After a few minutes I got off him, sucked his by now stiff again cock clean, put on my skirt and buttoned my blouse.

When we got to the pub I found some seats in a quiet alcove while Nick got drinks. The pub was largely empty, not many people go to the pub at midweek lunchtimes these days. When he came back I got him to stand in front of me and I unzipped him, took a mouthful of beer and slid his cock into my mouth. 

After a minute or two of this and cupping his balls I told him to sit down. I went to sit on his lap and I lifted my skirt and guided his cock into my cunt as I sat down. I sat sort of side saddle on him with my skirt hiding the obvious, one arm around his neck, feeling his cock twitch inside me and squeezing it with my cunt muscles, not daring to fuck properly but enjoying the sensation of his cock twitching as I squeezed him with my pussy walls. We finished our drinks like this and talked about work! On the way back I sat in the front, removed my skirt and blouse and naked, I sucked him off once more, he came just as his car stopped outside the office. I had to hurriedly put on my bra, blouse and skirt.