 He needed no further convincing and started slamming his cock into me vigorously. His cock slid in and out of my tingling pussy for several more minutes, deeply filling me with each thrust. After a few minutes I felt my orgasm start to build and I again kissed him deeply as my body approached my climax.

I felt his cock grow hotter as he increased the speed of his thrusting. He moaned through our kiss and I felt his cock spasm as the first wave of my orgasm swept through my body. His hands pulled my body down onto his spurting cock as he flooded me with his semen.

Both our bodies convulsed with pleasure as we both came almost simultaneously. I could not move as the pleasure of my orgasm possessed my body, but I could feel his powerful jets of semen flooding me. His cock seemed to expand and contract with each powerful jet of semen he pumped into my quivering cunt.

After his orgasm subsided we lay together, me on top of him, his still rigid cock impaling me completely, each of us breathing heavily from the intensity of our orgasms. His body was hot beneath me.

After catching my breath, I rolled off of him and lay next to him. His beautiful cock was still semi-rigid and covered with his semen. I couldn't resist the urge to taste him again.

Just as I was starting to move to him to clean that sloppy cock, he got up and stood next to the bed. He quickly reached over for my cell and pointed it towards me while I lay nude and disheveled on the bed. I heard the phone click as he took a few pictures. He moved over closer and got a close shot of my face and tits. He moved down the bed and opened my legs with one hand and shot a few more of my open legs and well fucked cunt.

He then motioned for me to get off the bed and kneel in front of him. "Suck my cock clean," was all he said. As I engulfed his dick with my mouth I heard the cell click several times during the time I was licking and sucking his cock.

When I was finished cleaning him off, he reached down and put his hand under my chin and lifted my come covered chin up and took a shot of my face covered with his come. "Smile," he said as he snapped the picture.

I glanced at the clock and realized another half hour had passed. 

I got up, smiled at him and said, "This has been very exciting, but now you have to go. My husband and his friend will be here soon and I need to get cleaned up."

With that he grabbed his clothes and started getting dressed while I headed to the shower. When I finished showering, I looked into the bedroom and realized that he had left just as anonymously as he had entered. My phone was on the nightstand with the picture of my face covered in come still on the screen.

I got dressed, putting on something nice (though perhaps a bit too revealing - I was feeling very sexy and sexual) for our dinner out with my husband and his old fraternity brother.

At a little after 5, I was ready and heard a car in the driveway. Looking out I saw it was my husband's car. I waited for him to come in, but after about 5 minutes I looked out to see him talking to someone near a car parked across the street.

A few minutes later they started toward the house. It was when I got a clear look at my husband's old fraternity brother that I realized that he was my stranger.

My heart raced at the sight of him. Had my husband seen him leaving the house? Had he told my husband what he and I had been doing inside? Could I control myself when they get inside? How would he react?

Moments later the two came through the door. 

"Emily, I'm home and I brought an old fraternity brother who I haven't seen in years," my husband said.

"Honey, let me introduce you to Matt. Matt this is my wife," he said.

My heart was pounding so loudly that I was sure that both Matt and my husband could hear.

"Nice to meet you Matt," I said, my eyes exploring his face for any signs of trouble.

"Nice to meet too," he said staring knowingly deep into my eyes. "Dan told me you were beautiful and I can see that he didn't exaggerate any."

"Thank you," I said.

"Matt, let me show you around the place quickly.

We have dinner reservations at a nice Italian place for a little later. Do you want to bring in your stuff now or later," my husband asked? "I told Matt he could stay here hon, hope you don't mind."

"Not at all, we have plenty of space, but you should have told me earlier so I could put out fresh towels," I said.

"I told Dan that a hotel would be fine when we talked, but he insisted," Matt said. "Sorry for the inconvenience, I am sure you have been busy all day so I understand completely."

When he said that I looked at him and he had a sly smile on his face. It was meant for me, and I understood but luckily my husband didn't.

Dan took Matt on a quick tour of the house while I got a bottle of wine from the cooler. When they returned I had the bottle opened and ready to pour.

"May I offer you something," I said to Matt as he and Dan returned. I figured that if he wanted to push some boundaries, I could push back.

"I am sure I would enjoy anything you want to give me," Matt said, realizing the game had started. I smiled at him when I poured him a glass of wine.

After consuming the first bottle at home, Matt recommended that we take a taxi to the restaurant. Over the next few hours we had finished off the bottle of wine at home, and another at the restaurant.

Every time I looked up at Matt, he was staring at me, my tits or my legs or ass. I guess the dress I was wearing had something to do with it. It was a bit low cut and the bra I was wearing seemed like it was trying to push my heavy tits into full view. Even my husband was staring occasionally as he chatted with Matt.

I learned a lot about Matt at that dinner conversation. He was an investment banker, one of those "Masters of the Universe" types with a lot of money and that no one ever said no to. He was, according to my husband, a total stud in college (and my experiences earlier in the day made me know he still was), getting all kinds of women. As my husband jokingly said, "Matt got more ass than the downstairs toilet seat."

He was also famous/notorious for either sharing a specific conquest or letting his roommates watch. He reminded my husband of a couple of the co-ed's they had shared and several more that Dan and the other two roommates enjoyed watching Matt fuck.

I took it all in as they talked and drank more and more wine. By the time we were ready to leave, my husband was feeling no pain. Matt helped me get him to the taxi for the ride back to our place. Matt helped me guide him into the back seat of the taxi on one side, me in the middle, and Matt on the other side.

I could feel the warmth of Matt's legs against mine and after a few minutes I felt his hand on my thigh. I too was feeling the effect of the wine and my memories took me back to earlier in the afternoon. Matt's hand slid slowly up and down my thigh. When he reached the hem of my dress, he started to slide his hand up my thigh under the dress. Slowly I opened my legs to allow him access up further and further until I felt his fingers touch the thin material of my thong. His finger slid up and down along the slit of my vagina slowly.

My body tensed as his finger touched my cunt, and I gasped audibly. He felt me tense and moved toward me and kissed my neck. He slowly slid his finger enticingly over my pussy until we reached our house. When we reached the house, the taxi driver turned just in time to watch Matt pulling his hand out from underneath my dress and smiled and him.

We guided my husband into the house and upstairs to the bedroom. Matt helped him down onto the bed and looked over at me smiling. "I liked it better when it was just the two of us in here," he said to me.

"What was that buddy," my husband slurred in response to Matt's voice.

"Nothing pal," Matt said, "Just telling your wife how great it was fucking her earlier."

I glared at him as I heard him, but my husband was so drunk it obviously didn't register completely, "Yea, she is a great fuck..." he said, then passed out.

"OK, now what," I said.

"You heard him," Matt said, "He's ok with us fucking."

"Very funny," I said. "This is no time for joking, I need to get him undressed, he has work in the morning."

I started to pull off Dan's sport coat, shirt and tie. When those were off I moved down to his shoes and sox and then slid off his pants. I covered him with a blanket and stood up near the bed to look at him.

Boldly Matt moved behind me and reached around me to cup my breasts in his hands. "These are so full and beautiful," he whispered him my ear. He nuzzled my neck and his hands kneaded the flesh of my tits. "God, you smell delicious," he said.

His fingers moved to the neckline of my dress and he gently tugged the material downward until my bra encased breasts slipped free. I felt my excitement rise as my nipples started to harden. There I was standing next to the bed my husband was passed out on, his fraternity brother cupping my tits in his hands. His hands moved to the front clasp of the sheer lace bra and skillfully unclasped it. Slowly his fingers pulled the material away from the flesh of my full breasts. When they were exposed, he again moved his hands to cup them gently.

I pushed my ass back against his body and felt his cock growing in his pants. My God, what kind of slut am I? My husband laying on a bed less the 3 feet away from me and I am being undressed by another man. The forbidden aspect of my actions made my body flush with sexual arousal. I felt my vagina tingle and grow moist in anticipation.

His hands felt hot on my breasts. His hands cupped the fullness and he ran a finger over my hardening nipples and he kissed my neck. I felt a wave of passion sweep over me as I felt his lips on my skin.

Moments later I felt his hands pull away from my tits. I looked back over my shoulder and he was smiling. His hand moved to the back of my dress and I heard the sound of a zipper being slid open and felt the material of my dress slip from my shoulders.

As the top of the dress fell to my waist, his hands pulled the unclasped bra from me and dropped it to the floor. His hands then moved to the dress and slid it over my hips and it dropped to the floor next to my bra.

I was almost nude, having on only my sheer thong and my heels. His hand moved to mine and he turned me so I was facing him. He pulled me close and kissed me passionately.

I could understand why Matt was such a successful cocksman in college. He was handsome, tall, well built, smooth and a very good kisser. He pulled back from our kiss and too my hand and led me to the edge of the bed. Once here he helped me to sit on the edge of the bed. He indicated that I should lay down, and I did. Once I was laying on the bed he stood near me and started to undress. I watched as he took off his suit jacket, his shirt, he quickly undid his belt and took off his pants. He knelt down to untie his shoes and removed them and his socks before standing again.

He stood near the edge of the bed and took one of my ankles and lifted my foot and slowly removed my shoe. He did the same with the other.

When my shoes were off, he slowly slid his boxers down. His hard cock sprung free as the shorts slid off. His cock wasn't huge, but as I had experienced earlier, he knew how to use it to satisfy a woman and he remained hard and erect even after his orgasm.

He then moved to a position on the bed with me, he paid no attention to my husband who was nearby on the bed seemingly sleeping off the wine from earlier in the evening. I didn't know what he had planned but I was excited to see how far he would take it.

He knelt on the bed and reached down and took his cock in his hands and stroked it slowly a couple of times. He then reached down next to him and took my ankle and moved my leg to a position where my foot was flat on the bed. He then did the same for the other leg. I propped myself up on my elbows to watch what he was doing.

There I was, nude except for a set of sheer thong panties, laying on my martial bed. My husband passed out on the other side of our king size bed, a nude man with an erection kneeling between my legs with a sly grin on his face. Slowly he reached to me and grabbed with both hands the sides of my panties. He started to slowly pull them down. Teasingly I lifted my hips so the thong could slip over my hips and ass and down my legs, exposing my vagina to his gaze. Once the thong was down my legs, he lifted each foot and pulled the thong off and dropped it on the floor with the rest of my clothes.

He slowly reached out and touched my leg with his hand. Slowly, achingly slowly, he moved his hand up along my leg until he reached my vagina. He slid his hand from my leg to my slit and slowly ran one finger along my tingling, moist opening. He looked at me and smiled once again. He knew I was ready for whatever he wanted, but I also sensed that he wanted to tease me a bit.

His finger glided along my opening and traced the entire length from top to bottom. He moved his hand back up my pussy and when he reached the top, he slid his finger along the top and pushed back the folds of my labia exposing my clit. 

He gently stroked my clit for a few moments. He felt my body tense as his finger slid over my clit.

He then pulled his hand away and placed both hands on either side of my body and leaned forward to kiss my hard nipples before moving on to kiss me passionately and deeply again. Out tongues intertwined as we French kissed for several moments. As we kissed I could feel the heat of his cock as it brushed near my tingling cunt. I ran my hands through his hair as we kissed and pulled his head deeper into our kiss.

As we broke free of our passionate kiss, my hands still tangled in his hair, pushed his head down to my full breasts. I released his head and moved to push my heavy tits together so he could lick and suck my hard nipples.

Once he grasped them I moved my hand back to his head and pushed him down against my breasts, He eagerly licked and sucked at my nipples for several minutes. All the time he was sucking my tits he teased me by rubbing his hard shaft against the folds of my cunt.

He lay on top of me, his head buried between my tits and his cock stroking over the outside of my tingling cunt. I was breathing hard from the excitement of this man and the proximity of my husband. He was also breathing hard from excitement and the knowledge of what he had planned for me. As earlier in the day, he was claiming me for his own. He was going to fuck me in the ways that pleased him. If I happen to enjoy it along the way well so much the better, but that was not his priority.

He lifted his head from my breasts and moved again to kiss me deeply. My head was spinning from the wine, the excitement, the forbidden nature of what was happening, and my desire to again be fucked by this man. I wanted him to take me as much as he was planning on taking me, using me, and - well, at that point I didn't care. I wanted to be fucked like the slut I was, I wanted to feel his cock inside me, I wanted to have him empty his balls into my vagina, and I wanted it to go on and on.

When he broke away from our passionate kiss, I saw a smile on his face. He continued to stroke his cock against my labia and from the smile on his face I knew he knew I was excited by his hot cock rubbing against my vagina. With each stroke of his cock against my tingling cunt I wanted more and more for him to penetrate me and possess my cunt.

With each slow deliciously sensual stroke against my labia, I rolled my hips back a bit to try to capture his cock. I was wet and slippery, but he teased me by controlling the angle he was rubbing against me. Each stroke his cock shaft scrapped enticingly against my engorged clit.

My hands reached up and pulled his head to me, "Fuck me, please fuck me," I implored. "Stop teasing me and just fuck me."

The little dance between his cock and my cunt continued for a few more moments until I rolled my hips further back and captured the head of his dick with the folds of my cunt and he slid deep into me with one stroke. We both gasped as we felt the pleasure of sex, he from the tightness of my moist wet cunt; and me from the sensual pleasure of his cock penetrating me deeply.

His cock filled me, but he didn't move once I was fully penetrated, but lay on top of me. I clamped my vagina tight around his shaft and moaned loudly. Slowly he finally began to withdraw his cock and started fucking me deeply and slowly. 

My God, what had I become? Here I was laying on the bed I shared with my husband, on my back, nude, and another man's cock was deep inside my vagina while my passed out husband lay near me. My legs were spread wide to allow this man to deeply fuck my cunt.

Matt started to fuck me hard and vigorously. His cock pistoned in and out of me for several long exciting minutes. Each thrust of his cock shook the bed and he made a loud slapping sound as his balls slapped against my cunt.

We changed positions after a few minutes and I was laying on my side facing my husband as Matt pumped his cock in and out of my tingling pussy. Matt's one hand was draped over my body and his thumb and forefinger tugged, pinched, and pulled at my erect nipple.

His cock was hard and hot and I was loving each thrust. I could feel my orgasm building, but I wanted to ride his cock to my orgasm, so I pulled away and straddled Matt's body so I was facing him. As I grasped his cock to guide it to my cunt, I smiled down at him.

His cock was quickly enveloped my moist vagina as I lowered my body down the length of his prick. I contracted the muscles of my cunt around his shaft and wantonly started riding his cock. The angle of insertion into me was just right so that his shaft rubbed against my excited clit with each stroke.

I was in heaven. The sensation of Matt's cock touching all the right places inside me, the wantonness of my actions, the feel of my heavy, full breasts moving up and down as I rode his shaft, and the nearness of my trusting husband turned me into bitch in heat. I was only thinking about the pleasure coursing through my body at that exact moment.

As I rode Matt's cock I was moaning louder and louder, grunting as his cock slammed against my cervix with each thrust. Just moments before I was about to come on Matt's cock, I felt my husband stir and I knew he was awakening.

I increased my speed fucking myself on Matt's cock. I was excited and almost hoped that my husband would wake and see what I was doing. 

As I felt my orgasm rising within my cunt, I screamed, "Oh, God I'm going to come, Fuck me Matt, fuck me. Come in me, empty your balls."

With that I felt Matt's cock twitch and felt the first jet of his semen fill my pussy. Matt moaned loudly and said, "Oh Fuck, I'm coming."

I pushed my cunt down tight on his cock so I could feel every pulse through his cock shaft. With each jet of his semen I clamped down around his prick. After several throbbing jets, I felt his cock start to soften. 

I was exhausted from sex with Matt and I lowered my body down to his. He wrapped his arms around me and nuzzled my neck as his rapid breathing diminished. We both drifted off to sleep sexually spent.

Sexual exhaustion caused me to sleep way to long. The next thing I recall was some sort of movement on the bed. I was aware that the movement came from the side of the bed where my husband had been recovering from way too much wine while Matt and I fucked.

I opened one eye to see Matt leaving the room.

I must have fallen back to sleep because the next thing I felt was a hand on my breast cupping it gently and a hard cock pressing against my ass.

I felt the cock being guided between my legs and pushed quickly into my cunt. I rolled my head to the side to see my husband smiling back at me. "I had the hottest dream last night," he said. "It was like I was watching you and Matt fuck. You were a very loud and naughty girl."
