 To those who asked: Yes, there really is an Emily. And, yes, the original story and this sequel were inspired by an exchange of real emails. Some of the dialogue and thoughts in both stories are lifted directly from those emails. I hope you enjoy the story. If you have not read "Emily's Fantasy," you may want to read it first.Leto423

-----

For days after my fantasy, I felt drained. Though I could go about my daily responsibilities, even my co-workers remarked that I looked exhausted. One even remarked, with a smile on her face, that I must have found someone who was keeping me all sexed up. If she only knew!

Yet, I was strangely dissatisfied, as though something was missing. Oh, I pleasured myself nearly every day. But I couldn't let go of the feeling that something was missing. I would soak in my bathtub or lie on my bed, rub my breasts and clit until I had an orgasm. I tried several times to find that place just behind my pelvic bone that created the fantastic orgasm I experienced in my fantasy. I got close several times, but couldn't quite make it and had to finish by torturing my clit and my nipples. I went on the internet and ordered a special vibrator designed to stimulate that place. I found out that it is called the G-Spot. The vibrator came in the mail yesterday. It was thin, the head was shaped like a bulb, and the shaft was angled. I decided to try it tonight.

After work, I had a light supper. Then I went to my bedroom and created a sexy atmosphere. I sprayed my favorite fragrance on my pillow and bed sheets, set out and lit my favorite scented candles, turned the lights off, and started my most romantic CD. I went to the bathroom and turned the water on. When the temperature was to my liking, I removed my clothing, stepped in, and allowed the water to cover me. I put my head back and closed my eyes. Yes, I thought, something was missing. Maybe the new vibrator would help me find the source of my dissatisfaction. I looked at my nipples standing out of the bathwater. I took each in a hand and began caressing them with a thumb and finger. I closed my eyes again and enjoyed the feel of my nipples hardening and the tingling sensation in my breasts. Moving one hand to my pussy, I teased my opening with two fingers. As my body responded to my stimulations, I could feel my outer lips swell. I slipped one finger just inside and stroked up and down. Warm sensations spread through my pussy. I added a second finger. I felt so smooth inside. I loved the feel. I reached a finger toward my clit and massaged around it. A flick of my finger caused a slight shudder. I moved both hands to my pussy and pulled my lips apart, using my thumbs to stimulate my clit. I slid one finger, then two, past my inner lips and inside my pussy. I could feel my moistness covering them. I reached behind my pubic bone and with a firm upward pressure, I searched for my G-Spot. I felt a swelling and a warm sensation spread throughout my pussy as it became aroused. I forced my self to stop. I was anxious to try my new vibrator. 

I stood up and toweled myself slowly and sensuously, not wanting my body to lose its stimulated condition. Taking a soapy washcloth with me, I went to my bedroom. I paused at my bedroom door taking in the aroma of my perfume and the candles, the sensuous sounds of my CD player, and the flickering of candle flames on the walls and ceiling. 

I lay down on the bed. For a moment, I just quietly basked in the mood. I took the vibrator, put a generous amount of warming gel on it, and switched it on low speed. I caressed my breasts the vibrator, then my nipples, until they became hard and erect. The vibrations began to arouse me and I could feel my pussy quickly dampen. I slowly moved the vibrator down my body. I noticed a tickly feeling inside my pussy and anticipation filled my mind. I opened my legs wide apart, put the soles of my feet on the bed, and moved the vibrator gently over my outer lips. I pushed the vibrator just inside and stroked my inner lips. The vibrations stimulated me and I involuntarily moved my hips. Swelling caused my inner lips to part. I touched my clitoris with the vibrator. A shock went through my pussy. I quickly moved it and slid it inside my inner lips. I didn't have to push hard, it found its way inside my pussy through the vibrations. I held the vibrator so that the bent tip pressed against the top of my pussy. I turned the knob of the vibrator, increasing the strength of the vibrations. Warm sensations, a glow, spread outward from my pussy through my abdomen and thighs. The sensations then extended throughout my whole body. At first I felt a weakness, then a flush of contentment overcame me. My body shivered. I twitched convulsively. I set the vibrator to its highest setting, gripped it with both hands, and pressed it as hard as I could on my G-Spot. Something shot through me that took my breath away, awakening in me a feeling of floating through clouds. Deep inside I felt an explosive discharge. I couldn't, I wouldn't remove the vibrator as swells of intense pleasure flowed throughout my entire body. I had an orgasm so intense that it left me short of breath. It went on and on, never diminishing. After what seemed like hours, the sensations began to fade and my breathing returned to normal.

I lay on my bed, savoring how my body had reacted, how it felt at the moment. But ... I still was aware that somehow I was unfulfilled ... incomplete. The certainty that I was missing something was so painful that tears welled up, fell from my eyes, and trickled down my cheeks. I curled up on my side and, with an ache in my heart, drifted off to sleep.

-----

I was startled awake, the touch of fingers caressing my hair.

"Your distress has recalled me, sweet Emily."

I was filled with joy. Maybe now, I would find what I was missing.

"No more tears, sweet Emily."

I lay on my back as fingers traced their way down my cheeks, my neck, my shoulders. They lingered for a moment to stroke my nipples. I felt indentations in the mattress on each side of my hips. I was being straddled. Hands firmly gripped my ankles and drew them toward me. Elbows pushed against my thighs, spreading them wide. Lips began playing up and down my pussy. Licking caused me to shiver. I felt a strong sucking on the insides of my thighs here and there. A mouth found my mound and a tongue gently forced its way inside my pussy lips. I became agitated. I wanted to thrust my pelvis. I wanted to rotate my hips, but the hands holding tight on my ankles made it impossible. I was compelled to do something. Tentatively, I reached out my hands. 

Flesh, I felt flesh. He was really here! 

I felt the roundness of cheeks. I stroked and caressed them. I reached my hands between his legs and cupped his testicle sack. I leaned upward, spread his cheeks apart, and searched for his anus with my tongue. I licked softly, then pushed my tongue against his smooth opening. I sensed him hesitate, the licking of my pussy paused a moment, then it resumed. I reached further between his legs and touched his penis. Kneading his balls with one hand, I surrounded his penis with the other. His tongue flicked my clit. I jerked.

Suddenly, without thinking, I rolled over on top of him. He pulled my hips downward and his face buried itself in my pussy. My clit was taken into his mouth and his tongue swirled around it. I leaned down and licked the head of his penis. It twitched. I moved my tongue up the underside of his penis and over the head, sliding it along the opening. He took my clit with his mouth and sucked strongly. I had to do it. I had to have his penis in my mouth. I pulled the length of his shaft into my mouth, taking it all the way to the back of my throat. He began pumping his penis in and out of my mouth all the while sucking hard on my clit. I bucked my hips and pressed my pussy hard against his mouth. I took his penis even deeper, feeling it slide down my throat. I sucked firmly, pulled almost completely off his shaft, then took it deep again. A heat filled my pussy. We began licking and sucking in a frenzy, his penis in and out of my mouth, my clit in and out of his lips. I grabbed his balls and kneaded them. I pulled back and covered just the head of his penis with my mouth. I rolled the palms of my hands back and forth along the sides of his shaft. I could sense he was nearing orgasm. Pressing down the hair at the base of his penis, I took his entire length fully into my mouth and held it there. I squeezed firmly with my mouth. I kneaded his ball sack with one hand, with the other I teased his anus. He increased the pressure on my clit with his mouth and tongue. I was fast approaching orgasm. He pushed two fingers inside and fingered my pussy vigorously. I could feel his penis tremor. Suddenly, his come gushed into my mouth. The thrill of it spurting against the back of my throat brought me to orgasm. I was lost in another world again. My clit tingled, my pussy quivered, my nipples ached. I was filled with the desire to swallow every drop of come that came bursting out of his penis. I sucked hard, pulling it nearly out of my mouth then drawing it back into my throat again. Another orgasm welled up in my body. I came a second time while feeling another burst of his come. I greedily took it down my throat. I lost myself in the sensations. My entire world became his mouth on my clit, his fingers in my pussy, my mouth on his penis, my finger on his anus. At last, my body gave way to exhaustion. At the same time, his penis contracted and I moaned as it slid from my mouth. I was numb. I lost all sense of consciousness.

-----

I became aware of my face being gently stroked by the back of his fingers. His lips and tongue traced down my neck to my breasts. He took a nipple into his mouth and sucked until it became erect. He teased it with his tongue, then took it between his teeth and gave it a slight nip. Moving to my other nipple, he caressed his hand down to my pussy. I had an urge to have him play with my anus so I rolled over on my stomach.

"It's good that you are taking the initiative, sweet Emily."

He straddled me and began massaging my neck and shoulders. As he did so, I could feel his penis rubbing on my cheeks. It was so sensuous. I rocked my hips side to side, reveling that I could feel his penis begin to harden. It pressed into the crack between my cheeks. He kissed and licked my shoulders and my back, then moved down my body. I felt a prickling sensation in my pussy as it become damp from my arousal. He moved farther down and, licking and sucking, gave attention to my ass cheeks. I twitched when I felt a warm tongue touch my anus. It pushed and twirled around my opening. My entire body tingled and trembled. 

All of a sudden, I knew what I wanted. I had never had a penis in my ass before, but I was overcome with a desire to have him stretch and penetrate me there. I forced myself onto my knees and rested my elbows on the bed.

"Take me, take my ass," I cried out.

His fingers dipped into my pussy and spread my juices on my anus and his penis. He positioned himself behind me and rubbed the head of his penis around my waiting hole. My first reaction was to tighten my sphincter muscle, but I wanted him inside my ass so badly, I willed myself to relax. He pushed his penis gently but firmly against my opening. My anus began to part. I felt a slight burning and stretching sensation as his penis moved into my opening. He stopped and pulled his penis out, then pushed it in again, a little farther this time. He pulled out, then in again, out and in, each push reaching deeper and deeper into my hole. Gradually the burning and stretching sensations turned into sexual arousal. I spread my anus as much as I could and began moving my ass toward his penis with each thrust. Finally, with a shout, I pushed so strongly that his penis slipped completely inside me. I held him there, enjoying the sensation of having my ass completely filled. Warmth spread throughout my anus and to my pussy. I began a thrusting motion, bringing his penis nearly out of my ass and then shoving it back again. I thrust faster and faster. Waves of pleasure nearly overwhelmed me. He rocked his hips in rhythm with me. I could barely hold myself up. With each inward penetration, I squeezed it as tightly as I could. I could feel the contour of his penis. I began to loose myself. I needed release, my body cried out for release. His hand reached around my hips and he fingered my clit. I could feel an orgasm nearing. He made a final thrust into my ass. I could feel his penis throbbing and pulsating as his come traveled up his shaft and shot inside me. The feel of his come spurting into my ass and his fingers pinching my clit took me over the edge. I screamed as my ass and pussy were overcome with contractions. I felt complete release. I didn't want the sensations to end. My world was my pussy, my ass, his penis. Sensing that I was growing too weak to hold myself up, he rolled me onto my side, keeping his penis firmly inside. An arm reached across my body and pulled me tight against him. As my body relaxed, I could feel his penis soften and slip out of my ass. We lay quietly. No words were necessary. Exhausted, I fell asleep.

-----

I awoke. He was still there. I took the washcloth and sensuously and lovingly washed his penis. I leaned over and gave it several licks. When it began to harden, I took it into my mouth. I ran my fingers up and down his inner thighs. I reached for his balls and gently rolled them in my hand. His penis stiffened. I wanted him inside of me. I needed him inside of me. I rolled onto my back pulling him on top of me. I spread my legs wide.

"I'm all yours," I heard myself say.

He rubbed his penis up and down my pussy, then touched it to my clit. Excruciating sensations surged throughout my pussy. I wanted his penis inside me more than anything I had ever wanted. I was ready to beg him to enter me.

"Inside, I want you inside me," I pleaded. 

Responding to my need, he pushed his penis barely between my pussy lips, pulled back, and pushed again. I could feel the dampness dripping between my legs. He pushed deeper into my pussy with each thrust. I wrapped my legs around his hips and my arms around his back. We found a rhythm, our rhythm. I can only describe it as fucking. We were fucking. He was fucking me and I was fucking him back with my entire being. I wanted him to know that all I wanted in the world was to fuck him. I wanted him to know that my greatest desire was to pleasure him. I wanted him to know that I was offering all that I am, my body, my mind, my soul, all to him. I wanted him to know that fucking him brought me fulfillment.

I suddenly realized what had been missing. Pleasuring is what he had been doing for me. Now I was pleasuring him. That was it! It was giving pleasure to someone else. Finally understanding, I was overwhelmed with joy. At that moment, I was giving myself as completely to him as he was giving himself to me. We came together. Our coming seemed never to end. Both of our bodies trembled with the intensity of our pleasure. 

I finally rolled over on top of him and collapsed against his chest. He whispered into my ear as I drifted off.

-----

I opened my eyes. He was gone. I wondered if he would ever return. But, if he doesn't, I will always be thankful to him. He helped me discover my sexual self and what I had been missing. When I have sex from now on, I know that it can be completely satisfying. I know because I will never forget the words he whispered to me.

"Sexual fulfillment is not measured, sweet Emily, it is just given."