 So a few weeks back I started a chat with another guy in response to an email he had sent. After a few replies back and forth, he sent me a picture of his cock.

Not the biggest I have seen or experienced, he certainly wasn't toned and buff like some of the guys I have had sex with in the past. He wasn't black with a huge thick dick, but there was something about his attitude that attracted me.

It was a nice, seemingly thick, cock with a beautiful head that I found myself imagining licking with my tongue and engulfing with my mouth.

He had obviously read at least a couple of my postings, so when I told him I was married he didn't seem fazed by my marital status. It may have been bravado, but he had already hatched a scenario where I would make myself available to him so he could fuck me. My husband could wait, or watch and jerk off while he pleasured himself fucking me.

Men. 

I told him that I didn't give out my location, I didn't send "selfies," and that if we ever did connect it would be with my husband and at our discretion and time table. We might meet, but if for any reason things didn't click between him and me, and with my husband's approval, they we wouldn't be going any further.

His cock was beautiful, and I could imagine how loud he would be moaning as I slowly stroked his cock to full attention and sucked him eagerly. He would not last long during my attention to his cock and balls.

We kept chatting on a regular basis, he was more and more insistent on wanting to meet me alone. I kept telling him that that is not how my husband and I work these sorts of things. He was persistent with his requests, often times sending me the picture of his cock and various erotic gifs from the internet.

I was apprehensive because of his insistence, but also quite turned on by his boldness and the erotic chat we engaged in over a number of days. 

Finally in a moment of weakness and being way too turned on my the thought of the things he was proposing, I gave in and gave him my address and we came up with a mutual time that he was available and that I knew my husband would be at work.

On the day we had planned, I was tingling with anticipation. I didn't even know this man's name and in a couple of hours he would be at my home with the sole expectation of fucking me. Had I gone too far, was I in any sort of danger, would he be a man that totally repulsed me when I saw him? 

As I saw my husband off to work, I think there was something in my demeanor that he picked up on. "You seem a bit nervous this morning," he said "Anything bothering you?"

"No," I lied, "just wish that I didn't have to start thinking about going back to school quite so soon. Summer vacation is too short."

"Well, don't think about it and enjoy your day," he said as he kissed me goodbye.

"Oh, I am very much planning on it," I thought to myself as he drove away from the house.

I showered and powdered myself and found my sexiest bra and panties and put them on with a killer set of 5" spike heeled stilettoes in anticipation of his arrival. My heart pounded every time I passed a mirror and got a glimpse of myself. The bra accentuated my large, full breasts. The panties, well they weren't really panties, but a very small, sheer black thong that matched the color and material of the bra, barely covered my labia.

I paced nervously around the house feeling my excitement grow. Several times I go to the back door of the house to make sure the door is unlocked.

Our plan was for him to drive through the neighborhood at around 9 to make sure my husband's car isn't in the driveway. When he is sure the car is gone, he is supposed to call my cell phone and let it ring only twice.

I continue to pace as the clock moves slower than I can ever recall. I am excited, nervous, a bit scared, but want it to be 9 so badly.

As my mind races, I recall that he had made some mention of having me nude of the bed in the master bedroom. He specifically told me he was "going to fuck you on the bed you share with your husband."

Realizing he may be nearby, I stripped off my bra and panties and left a trail from the backdoor to the stairs leading upstairs.

I clutched my cell phone in my hand and went upstairs to wait.

I pull off the coverlet on the bed and get into bed with a sheet loosely over my body. The alarm clock on the nightstand reads 9:10. As I watch a few minutes tick by I think to myself, "Great Emily, this guy is going to stand you up. All that anticipation and sexual texting is leading to a major disappointment."

As I lay there the phone suddenly rings. Once, twice, then it stops. He is somewhere nearby.

I wonder, does he know that I am about to be his? For his pleasure I will present myself to him as a married woman giving myself willingly to him to use as he finds pleasurable. He can have me and take me any way he wants.

As my heart pounds with excitement, I hear a car on the street outside. I listen intently as it passes slowly by.

Minutes later I hear the sound of a door opening and closing. I am excited but I am not sure if it is him or my husband returning for some reason. I listen intently for the sound of my husband's voice calling me, but hear nothing.

Moments later I hear the sound of footsteps on the stairs. I move to a kneeling position on the bed and pull the sheet around my body.

As the door opens there is a good looking stranger entering my bedroom. I realize that it is someone I have never seen before. I can hear my heart beating in the quiet of the room.

The stranger looks at me and smiles, then turns and closes the door behind him. He moves to the foot of the bed and reaches out to grasp the bottom of the loose sheet. Without saying a word, the stranger pulls the sheet from the bed and out of my grasp.

I am left nude kneeling on my husband's bed. His smile broadens and indicates that he approves of what he sees. No words are spoken as he takes in the sight of my body, roving over my face, down to my heavy, full breasts and continuing on down to my vagina.

As he is looking I notice a bulge growing in his pants.

He walks closer to the edge of the bed, his gaze is constantly on my face, and I look directly back to him. As he nears the edge of the bed he extends his hand to help me off the bed. No words are spoken because we both know we are here for the pleasure and excitement of sex.

He extends his hand to aid me in getting off the bed. I slowly step off the bed and he pulls me to him and kisses me deeply. His kiss is hot, passionate and arousing. I feel his hands pull my body to his and slowly caress my back and ass as we embrace tightly and kiss passionately. I push my full breasts against his body as I eagerly return his kiss.

Wantonly I grind my pussy against the hot, hard bulge in his pants. Lust overtook me and all I could think about was pleasuring this man.

I broke away from his passionate kiss reluctantly and stepped back. I looked him in the eyes and smiled as I reached for his belt. I unhooked his belt and tugged at the button on his pants until it released.

I then slowly unzipped the fly of his pants and his pants slid to the floor. Quickly I put my hands into the waistband of his underwear and slid them slowly down until his thick cock sprung free. I slid them down to his ankles and quickly reached for his cock.

I kneel before him and helped him step out of his pants. While I fondle his cock he begins to remove his shirt. He looked down at me as I caress his thick cock, which is more beautiful in person than in the photo he sent earlier.

His hands move to run his fingers through my hair as I move forward to like the bulging head of this beautiful cock. Eagerly he grips my hair and starts to pull my head to his cock.

I engulf the head of his cock with my warm, married mouth. He moans as he feels my mouth on his cock. He now has the married woman all to himself. Again he moans as I swirl my tongue around the vein of his throbbing cock head. 

His mind races as I eagerly suck his cock, he wonders if all married women are this eager to be with a man other than their husband. His hands start to pull my head to his body, forcing more and more of his cock into my mouth. I eagerly respond to his urging and take his cock deeply into my mouth.

His cock is hot and thick in my mouth. I feel him start to fuck my mouth, controlling my head with his hands tightly gripping my hair. I feel my heavy full tits swaying as he fucks my mouth deeply and eagerly.

He moans again and again as with each thrust of his cock I clamp down on the base of his shaft, completely encircling his thick shaft.

He continues to fuck my mouth as I eagerly suck his cock, taking it fully into my mouth with each thrust. I then feel his cock start to throb. As the first throb of his cock he pulls my head tightly against his body forcing his cock deep into my mouth and throat. His cock twitches violently as jet after jet of his semen spurts into my eager mouth. I tighten my lips around his cock so that none of his salty semen escapes my mouth.

I feel his cock expand and contract with each jet of more and more semen into my mouth and down my throat. I hold his throbbing cock in my married mouth until his cock stopped throbbing and his thick shaft started to soften.

He releases his grip on my head and slowly I pull back allowing his still rigid cock to slip from my mouth.

He looks down at me and I smile up at him. There is a trace of his semen on my lips and I swirl my tongue over my lips to get every last drop.

I stand and move to the edge of the bed and sit down while he removed his shoes and sox. While he finished undressing I lay back onto the bed and slowly open my legs to show him my tight, shaved, married cunt.

I move further onto the bed, not saying a word. The erotic tension is thick as he moves to the bed next to me and lower your head to my full tits. My nipples are hard with anticipation and I moan as your mouth encircles one of my nipples and begin to gently suck and stimulate it with your tongue.

His hands squeeze my heavy tits as you continue to pleasure my nipples. His other hand traced down my body, across my belly to my hot, eager cunt. I feel a bolt of excitement as he starts to trace his finger along my slit.

I can almost read his thoughts as his hand traces over my smooth shaved cunt. "Did she do this for me, or does her husband shave her for his pleasure? Either way, this cunt is going to be mine soon."

His cock has grown rigid again and he moved to a position kneeling on the bed. I move my legs around him, giving his a good view of my cunt. As he moves forward I open my legs wider so he can see my excited cunt lips part in anticipation of his penetration. He can see how moist I am, eager to accept his beautiful thick cock.

I reach out with my hand and guide his shaft to my cunt. I gasp and feel another jolt of erotic stimulation as the head of his prick touch the folds of my labia. I slowly work his cock up and down so that his head is engulfed by the wetness and heat of my swollen pussy. He moans softly as he feels the heat of my cunt envelop his cock head.

He holds back no longer and pushes his thick cock deep into my eager, married cunt. He seems to savor the warmth and wetness if another man's wife's cunt as she eagerly accepts his cock. He lays on me, his cock fully into my cunt all the ways to his balls and I feel his entire body shudder with pleasure. Again, I can almost read his thoughts as he lay atop me, filling my cunt completely. "It's mine now, my cunt to fuck."

I wrap my legs around his body and he raises himself up on his arms. He looks down at my heavy full breasts and smiles broadly. He slowly starts to fuck me, pulling his thick cock slowly from my cunt. I grip his shaft tightly with the muscles of my vagina. He moans softly each time I contract my cunt around his slippery shaft.

He fucks me slowly at first, picks up speed, then slows done again. He is a skilled lover who knows how a cunt should be fucked. It seems with each inward thrust of his cock that the entire length of his prick scrapes against my engorged clit. It feels wonderful. He seems to be able to control his excitement as mine builds and builds. After at least 20 minutes of him fucking me, I feel a stirring within my cunt.

I feel my orgasm building and I know it is coming soon and it will be massive. The reality of being fucked by a man I do not know in the marital bed I share with my husband is exciting, forbidden, and so wrong, but it is setting me on a course toward ecstasy.

My clit throbs with each forceful thrust of his thick cock. Closer, closer, God is he ever going to cum? It feels so good, but I don't know if I can keep up with him, his stamina is exhausting. My cunt muscles can't keep up gripping this thick cock much longer.

But God, I do love the feel of that prick ravishing my cunt. My husband has never fucked me like this before. This guy is the best fuck I have ever had. Now if he just doesn't fuck me to death it will be great to cum on this beautiful cock.

All at once my orgasm overwhelmed me and my body was wracked with a violently intense orgasm like none I had ever experienced before. My body writhed in pleasure impaled by his thick cock, but he kept fucking my cunt never letting me catch my breath from the wrenching intensity of my massive orgasm.

Moments later I feel his cock throb deep inside my belly and feel the massive spurts of his orgasm flooding my cervix with his semen. The thought of another man, not my husband, depositing his seed deep in my womb, caused my flowing orgasm to continue. I was being used by a man whose name I didn't even know, but I didn't care, he was filling my cunt with his hot sticky semen filled with his potent sperm.

My mind raced; what if my husband finds out? What if my birth control doesn't work? Surely this much semen pumped this far up into my cervix will impregnate me. Will I ever see him again? When will he fuck me again???

His cock continued to pulse deep inside me for what seems like minutes, his balls twitching as he empties them deep inside me. He is as far into my cunt as I can take and I feel his balls throbbing against my swollen cunt lips.

I could feel the fullness of my vagina with his cock filling me completely and the huge volume of semen inside me as well. I could feel the warm thick liquid start to ooze out of my cunt around his shaft.

He lay there on me leaving his spent cock deep inside for several minutes. He was making me his by filling my cervix and womb with his potent seed and making sure that it all stayed right where he wanted it.

We were both breathing hard after our marathon fuck session, but after about 5 more minutes I felt his cock start to soften. I try again to grip his shaft with my vagina muscles, but I am too tired to grip it tightly to let him know I wanted him to stay inside me. I am exhausted from his fucking me and reluctantly I let his cock slip from my cunt.

He rolled off of me and lay next to me on the bed. I looked over at him and he started to speak. I put my finger to his mouth to indicate that we didn't need to talk, we had communicated all we needed with our bodies and the pleasure we gave to each other.

I lay next to him and looked down at his cock, it was still mostly rigid. It looked so beautiful, covered with his semen and my natural lubricant that I needed to possess it with my mouth and clean his beautiful cock for him. Quickly I moved down and engulfed his dick with my mouth and began licking his salty semen from his shaft and balls.

I wrapped my hand around his thick shaft and licked and sucked him for about five minutes. I could feel his heart beating through the veins I his cock. He amazed me by not becoming flaccid after his orgasm, his cock remained rigid and actually got harder as I pleasured him with my mouth. His semen and my lubrication combined on his prick tasted wonderful and I felt myself getting aroused again.

There I was, holding a man's erect penis in my hand, licking and sucking it, on the bed I shared every night with my husband. I was nude, he was nude and erect, I had sucked his cock earlier and he had cum in my mouth. I had swallowed all of the semen he pumped into my mouth. I had then wantonly spread my legs for this man and guided his thick cock into my cunt and eagerly let him fuck me until I had a massive, earth shaking orgasm and he emptied his balls deep in my cervix, filling my womb with his semen and his potent sperm.

He grew rock hard as I continued to lick and suck him thick cock. Suddenly he pulled his cock away from my hand and kneeled on the bed. He pulled me up so I was kneeling on the bed with him, but just as quickly he turned me so I was facing away from him. He put his hands on my shoulders and pushed me down so my head and chest were on the bed. He moved forward and I felt his cock touch my skin.

He ran his cock along the crack of my ass to my oozing cunt. With one hand on the small of my back and the other holding his cock, I felt its engorged head slide through my swollen cunt lips several times, up and down through the folds of my labia. I moaned as he finally inserted the head of his beautiful prick into my well fucked cunt.

He and I were both ready for more.

I felt the head of his prick just start to enter my cunt and I slowly pushed my cunt back to envelope his cock. God, it felt so good. It was even more exciting than the first time he penetrated me.

There I was, again allowing a man that I didn't know to use my body for his pleasure. But was he using me, or was I using him? I felt the fullness of his cock fill me and felt even more of his cum being forced out of my pussy. It felt wet as is oozed down my inner thigh.

He didn't move for several seconds, his cock again as far into me as I could take comfortably. I could feel the heat of his cock head against my inner most region, against the opening of my cervix.

I pushed myself up so that I was on all fours, my heavy full breasts hanging beneath me. He moved his hands from my hips and slid the forward until he hands were cupping the fullness of my breasts. He gently kneaded my tits for a few seconds before encircling my nipples with his thumb and forefinger and gently pinched and tugged at them as they hardened to his touch.

His hands felt warm on my skin, not rough workman hands, but strong manly hands. He instinctively knew how to handle the breasts of a woman like me, rough but not brutal, forcefully giving me pleasure through the simple caress of the fullness of my tits, and his erotic teasing and tugging at my nipples created the maximum in erotic pleasure.

The erotic excitement of a stranger's hands pleasuring my tits while his cock filled my cunt made me eager for another orgasm. Luckily we were in sync sexually and he felt my longing for pleasure. His hands slipped from my breasts and moved back to my hips as he began fucking me hard and deep.

His first stroke was rough and deep and I grunted as his body slammed into mine. He continued to fuck me quickly and deeply for several minutes. His shaft filling me deeply with every thrust and his thick cock pushed more of the semen he had deposited in me earlier out of my vagina and ran down my inner thighs. 

His cock was filling me deeply with each thrust and his shaft was touching all the right places as it plowed through the folds of my labia. His hands gripped my hips tightly as he fucked me vigorously. With every deep thrust of his prick I pushed back eagerly against his shaft so that he completely filled me. I could feel the head of his cock slam against my cervix with each deep thrust.

The pleasure was washing over me as he fucked me. His cock felt wonderful buried deep in me. It was a different feeling than being fucked/having sex/making love with my husband. The excitement of knowing that the man inside me had never been inside me before today was palpable. I felt something that I hadn't ever thought I'd experience; the feeling of being taken, used; fucked by a man I didn't know. It wasn't rape; I was giving myself freely to him. I was trying to let him know that I wanted to give him my body completely. I felt no guilt for my cheating. I wanted to be his slut. I wanted him to remember how good a fuck I was for a long time.
