 Let me tell you what, I'm in a good mood. I just can't help meself! Christmas lights, Christmas songs, Christmas outfits on pretty girls, and Christmas booze. Hi, I'm Derrick, and this is part five of my story. I'll be done after this, so I want to make this one a good'un. I'll start this show off on a non-particular day at work, where my old boss let me come back to put some time in, seeing as it was the holidays and I needed some cash.

"Hey, beautiful." That was said to me, not the other way around. Jess, the hottie bartender, slid up next to me behind the bar and gave me a huge kiss on the cheek. I turned to her and returned the kiss, though I caught her more on the lips, and she fixed our buss so it was something a tongue could come out and dance to. We are in Rotterdale, after all.

The owner came around to scold us, though even she was too full of the holiday cheer (also known as "Julie's Nog") to give us anything less than a huge smile when she did. Jess took off with a smile of her own as well as a wink, and her skirt mysteriously flipped up with her hop off. "See you later, beautiful," she said.

Damn, that Jess has a sweet ass. Being that it's the holidays, I just might take that for a Christmas spin. Shit, maybe tonight. Normally I never would, but she was so happy to see me when I got back, and I just can't think of unpleasant things lately.

It was boxing day at Julie's. Not the day after Christmas, more like the first Sunday of the month that saw boxing all day. Those that didn't go to Rotterdale Event Center to watch the show live came instead to Julie's to watch on any one of our rather large screens (too big to watch "The Big Game" in public, but nobody gives a fuck about that professional shit in this town), keeping us busy all day long. My dear girlfriend Cindy had secured herself a permanent stool next to her twin Sara, who was making eyes at me all day. The two would occasionally slip outdoors to stretch their legs, but they'd always return to keep me company whilst I "kept the wicks greased."

This doesn't matter, but that was a really bad metaphor for getting the locals drunk. See, our town mascot is "The Bomb." Big, round, shiny black ones with long, erect, err... fuzes. Fuze, wick, alcohol, saturation; you let that image work for you however you want. I just smile and serve the drinks.

I leaned in for a kiss with Cindy, who, after delighting my lips with hers, turned my chin to face Sara to get more of the same. Me, I was serving behind the bar with Jess, who always pulled the all-pay-per-view shift on boxing day. Cindy and Sara had just watched me kissing Jess with smiles on their eyes; it was well known I was dating Cindy at that time and that she'd "remained faithful" to me during my "absence", so it was quite impressive for me to mack on the barmaid in front of her and her sister (very much in public, anyways; neither of them cared), whom was rumored to share in on mine and Cindy's relationship.

"She's pretty," Cindy said to me after one more over-the-bar kiss, referring to barmaid Jill. Once again, like clockwork, she used her chin to nudge my face to her right, where her twin's warm lips were waiting to greet me. "I'm surprised you haven't slept with her yet."

I let my tongue linger with Sara's for just a moment more. "I have," I said, propping myself up on my elbows, leaning across the bar. "Like, almost a year ago now."

"Was she any good?" Cindy was on an elbow of her own, and her fingers were tracing mine on the bar. Sara was watching the screen idly, but her own fingers were curling themselves through a loose strand of her twin's hair.

"Eh." Despite having honestly enjoyed my time with Jess, I wasn't above a little harmless flattery that expressed the absurd idea that no cooter was worth mentioning in the presence of modelesque Cindy. Something like that.

She took it as encouragement. "I'm sure she's got better in a year, with all the attention she gets working here. You should try her again."

In response, I leaned in again and kissed her more earnestly. Sara's hand landed on where ours were joined, and when I backed away, I saw Cindy had been caressing Sara behind her neck as though it was her she was kissing. Then she gave her that look like there was a secret between the two, a secret that I happened to know. It was enough to give a fourth-grader a beaming erection. Me, I was a mature adult. I waited until their lips briefly brushed together before my "Christmas tree" "got turned on", which I could get away with, it being hidden behind the bar.

The sleigh bells hanging over the door rang, the nearest waiter hollered out the house greeting, and many sets of eyes were cast to the door, and no one was disappointed. Dressed in a fine winter coat, boots, and jeans was Salamandy Ravenlock, a woman with whom I shared a special and rather surprising love of late. She saw me right away and rushed right over. 

Cindy and Sara were also staring, and to my surprise, they were both smiling rather pleasantly, and their smiles persisted even until Sally pulled up next to them at the bar to kiss me over the counter. I think I was setting a record for how many different women's tongues I had in my mouth that day. She glanced shyly at her twin sisters, but they seemed happy to see her. That's strange, by the way. There's always been great tension between them, like mixing Carolina-Blue and Duke-Blue in the wash. Your clothes just come out looking like they've been through war.

"Hi, Mandy," Cindy said rather enthusiastically. She even reached for her neck and pulled her close until they were kissing. Sara and I were watching closely along with other patrons, and we weren't disappointed when Cindy pushed forward, parting her jaws to let her tongue press forward. Mandy's mouth opened in response, and those as close as Sara and I could see their tongues dance for a brief moment through the parting of their lips. 

When Cindy let go, she was beaming, and Sally didn't have a chance to think about it before Sara went for a turn of her own. Always determined to outdo her twin, Sara let her tongue linger a little longer, parted her lips for the two of us to see a little bit better, moaned ever so quietly.

"So... umm... I was wondering..." Sally was actually looking flustered. I'd caused that look on her face several times in private, but I'd never seen her looking so vulnerable in public. "So... Derrick..." Her eyes flashed back to the twins as though they were a wall between Sally and me. "The girls and I, we were gonna... if you wanted... do you wanna come to a party?" 

She then looked to the twins, who were simply giving her their attention rather than being noisy between themselves as they were wont to do when anyone on the planet tried to get their attention. "You guys can come too, if you want. It's just a couple of friends and family, nothing too crazy."

"Hard to imagine that party being small if you're inviting all your sisters," I joked, trying to ease the apparent tension. I turns out I needn't have worried; Cindy was quick to recommend to both Sara and me that we accompany her, since she was definitely going and could hardly go without her boyfriend or her twin.

"You wanna watch the main event with us?" Sara then asked after agreeing to make an appearance. She was very much her own person, and she would just as soon go off to a party by herself as go with her twin. Still, I felt the same warmth in her as Cindy in being so painstakingly kind to her raven-haired sister. Cindy and Sara are achingly blond, by the way.

Sally nervously took a stool next to Sara. Jess, always having an eye for pretty girls, scooted up before I could blink, handing Sally a menu. "Drink, beautiful?"

Didn't she just call me that? Sally ordered something with quite a bit of alcohol, then she got stuck between a steak and a certain soup that had originated in the Garden.

"Why don't you get them both?" Sara offered. "I'll help you with it."

"And some hot wings," Cindy added.

"Haven't you guys been here all day? You haven't eaten yet."

"It's dinner time," Cindy snot.

"What makes you think we've been here all day?"

"Your cushions have ass-marks in them."

Am I dreaming, or are these three actually getting along?

The three of them slaughtered the food when it arrived, and Sally killed two hefty nogs besides joining her sisters in the obligatory pint of stout that went with Rotterdale boxing. She got up to leave along with everyone else when the show ended, and both the twins gave her long hugs goodbye. I got one as well, though I had to take a break so she could have a private word with me outside. That private word turned out to be a very long kiss, which she ended by letting me know how very much she was looking forward to having me at the party.

The twins were there, again, watching me kissing Sally this time. What a strange feeling that was, kissing the girl I loved while my girlfriend and my consort watched on. I only knew for sure that whatever I was feeling for Sally, there was something buried inside her that felt the same way. I couldn't feel shame about kissing her if I wanted to.

When she was gone, Cindy jerked her head, as a person does, towards the back where the employees take their breaks. She and Sara looked quite delicious wrapped up in their coats again, and soon both pairs of arms were wrapped around me, both pairs of lips taking advantage of my break. When it was just the three of us, I couldn't much tell one from the other. Not from the way they looked, and not from the way they acted.

Normally Cindy would come visit me at work to spend my breaks with me, and we'd make out roughly just for the hell of it. Nothing too much, just a little mutual benefit as long as we were pretending to date. She'd stop short of teasing me too much because she had too much code to work me up without sleeping with me, so I was wondering what was going on this particular night. She was kissing me as roughly as usual, but her hands were going wild on me, prompting both Sara and me to grope whatever was in sight just to keep up.

When she was on break from kissing me, she made sure I was kissing Sara with everything I had while she went for my ear, which I loved. "Harder," she demanded, "deeper. If she thinks you're showing favorites, I won't get any from her tonight. Grab her ass like you mean it." She covered my hand and squeezed down on her sister's ass hard enough to make her squeak.

My hand went up to cup Cindy's cheek in support, but she pulled it quickly to her breast. Sara caught the act, and she made me do the same to her with my free hand. Me, I like holding a woman tightly to me when I fondle her, so I pushed them both against the cold building wall so my hands would have purchase against their bodies whilst I groped them both.

The golden goddesses, these twins. Their breath came out frozen, their cheeks were rosy, and their blond locks were spilling across their broad winter coats, free from the knitted hats they'd left inside. I loved the sight, and I loved touching them even more, something of a rare opportunity for me. They gasped and moaned as I ran my hands along their smooth torsos, ending always on their matching breasts that filled my hands so well. Their coats were open, leaving me to caress them through their zip-up wool sweaters whose necks rose all the way up their throats. I pushed these turtlenecks down with my lips so I could have their necks to myself.

I abandoned their breasts to touch their faces briefly. Both gave a kiss to my fingertips when my hands crossed over their mouths, and it was with great anticipation that I turned their chins inward towards one-another. They kissed, and I could feel all the blood drain out of my brain and into my dick. I knew the kiss of two people that knew they were going to make love that night, and that's what I saw in those two.

I reached back down again, this time catching Cindy's zipper while sweeping my hand around Sara's waist to dip my hand into her pants to grasp her bare ass. When I got Cindy's zipper down far enough, I slid my hand out of Sara's pants and took a hold of her hand, which she was using to pull her sister's face hard into hers, and slid it down, down into Cindy's open sweater, down to grasp the exposed breast.

I then took over Sara, kissing her, letting Cindy enjoy being touched. Sara let her other hand cover her other breast of her own violation, then we broke our kiss to stare cheek-to-cheek at her sister, moaning at her sister pinching her nipples. I moved behind Cindy and held Sara close so that their breasts were crushed together, then I pulled down on Sara's head, leading her to Cindy's tits. While I didn't get conjugal visits from either of them since that one night Sara and I had sex on the day I met them both, one thing they always encouraged me to do was to direct the action between the two of them. Sara was more than happy to suck her twin's tits for me.

I don't know what came over me, but I started working on my belt, and then Cindy's. I wanted to pork her from behind, out in the near-snow, like five minutes into my break being over, not even dark yet. But alas, it was not to be. She put her hand on mine, pulled it to her lips, and kissed it.

"Kiss my sister," she whispered into my ear rather than rebuttal me. She helped her Sara come back up, and as we locked lips, she settled into my ear, "That girl looks pretty. Take good care of her tonight. You're such a good boyfriend."

She zipped her top up and led her sister away by the hand like usual. Sara turned back and waved to me, saying, "Goodbye, Derrick," with a smile. I was left alone with one of the worst erections in my life and rather cold hands. I was rescued by Jess, who was done for the night and came out back to pollute her lungs.

"Hey, Derrick," she said in a much less flirtatious manner than while on-shift. She was tired; hell, I was tired. "You got a light?"

"I got something better than a light," I said with a sudden burst of erection. She looked at me expectantly, but I grabbed her and kissed her.

"My my," she cooed, "someone's girlfriend left him high and dry?"

"My apartment's in Raleigh," I said. "We'd better take off; traffic sucks there."

She looked at me, looked at her cigarette, looked down, bit her lip, then threw her cigarette over her shoulder as we headed off to the nearest trolley stop at a brisk pace.

**********

When I got back from "Macedonia," let's say that while I finally had a place to live away from the nest, the new place also contained my sister, which after the events in Macedonia seemed a bit too uncomfortable. Still, I continued to buck up rent for sweet Reo while rooming up with Bill instead.

Bill had moved to Raleigh because that's where they have affordable housing, but he works up north. He let me slide up to his spot for the time being under the circumstances, but down the grapevine Sally found out I was working overtime to pay rent on both places, so she worked out something with her dad so that he'd pay my share on my retainer at Reo's. I've even got spending money now.

Going to Raleigh from Rotterdizzle takes all of ten minutes once you get to the train, but the inner-city traffic to the apartment building can take an hour. Let me tell you what, my wonderful audience, that hour ten is much more fun when you've got a frisky, inebriated bar maiden going with you. It seemed she was looking forward to the coming night rather than just going to her own boring home with the lonely tree and no presents under it with nothing tasty in the fridge.

We knocked into the door once we found the right one; Jess was kissing me pretty vigorously and she was fairly inside my pants. The door recognized me and swung open for me, and I fell in after it with her landing on top of me. I yanked off everything she had on up top in one pull, and we took eight seconds to just kiss before she set out to work on my pants.

"Wuzgoinonhere?" Bill said from the bedroom door. The apartment is only two rooms, by the way. You think Jess would've minded if I told her my roommate was asleep so I'd have to fuck her on the couch?

"I'm sorry, did we wake you?" Jess giggled from astride me. Her breasts in her bra jiggled with her.

"Yeah," Bill said. He looked a little miffed.

"Aww... why don't you come get some? Roommate rules, right?"

"Huh?" I said.

"'Wake him up, invite him in,'" she quoted.

Bill and I looked at each other, looked at her, shrugged... "Fuck it; you ain't my fuckin' woman." I said that, by the way. She wanted to share, so be it.

There was some discussion about whose bed we'd romp in, but it wasn't like it mattered because both were too small. We ended up on the pull-out bed anyways, only Jess first went to take a shower. And believe me, when you pull a shift like that in a hot, wet bar full of people, you do not want to get into bed without bathing first. To "save time and hot water" I went in with her, really just getting first dibs since I were the one to brought her home. But when we got out, Bill had put coffee on, getting him a big kiss from Jess.

We tumbled around on the bed for a while, fixing to culminate with Bill giving the broadside to Jess. Then she hit us with it: "I want you to suck him off," she says to me.

"I'm good," Bill says instead. I've got a rather similar look on my face.

"Oh, come on," she insists. "How many times have you talked two girls into getting into bed, and in like, five minutes, it's all, 'come on, kiss each other.'"

"I don't wanna kiss him, either," Bill says.

"Besides, that's Sam you're thinking of," I reminded her. Sam plays the field, chats up the woman. Can't blame it on us, can she?

"Aren't you the one that keeps saying this town is sick?" she asked me.

I shuffled around uncomfortably, though her hand jerking on my cock was rather pleasant. Barmaid indeed. "Technically, I said the town has a sickness."

"And why is that?"

Somewhere between a sigh of defeat and one of rather intense physical pleasure, I said, "Because men and women can't get along for the time they're out of bed."

"And that doesn't have at all to do with we girls can't get fair turnabout? Come on, boys. Show a girl a good time. For every girl that got her roommate into the action when she brought a boy home."

"But all girls are bi," Bill attempted.

"I'm not, but that doesn't mean I don't want to see something hot once in a while."

Fuck it. It's Christmas, and Jess is pretty cool. After the excursion with Sally, I was ready to take it on faith that there were a few women out there who you could do something genuinely nice for that wouldn't stab you in the ass later. I grabbed hold of Bill's prick and pulled it out of Jess' pussy. Having already decided my path, I didn't fart around into wrapping my lips around it and going to town.

Bill didn't seem quite so ready for the new experience. "Wait, dude, I didn't... whoa."

"Oh my god, you're actually doing it," Jess said, her face a picture of disbelief. 

"You want me to stop?"

"Hell no; that's sooo fucking hot." She put her face right next to mine to watch me suck Bill's dick. Honestly, I don't remember ever seeing a girl so happy in bed. Without me touching her, that is. She felt my lips stretched around him, felt my throat, then reached all the way down to my own dick to stroke me in support. She licked the rest of his cock hanging out (I may have been feeling helpful, but I wasn't about to try deep-throating a motherfucker), sucked his balls, bit his thighs, all that. Eventually went all the day down his legs where my cock was located, and she started sucking me off.

Now, let me tell you, ladies and gentlemen, that was an experience. Jess, being at least as experienced in bed as I was, knew how to suck a good dick, but there were little imperfections: Not going deep enough, having bad timing, not putting her tongue in the right spot, all that shit. Men and women was built to fornicate, but when it comes to matters of oral sex, apparently gay is the only way. Bill, he was moaning and writhing like I was doing something right, and you know how I like to please a woman in bed. Bill may be a guy, but kiss my ass if I wasn't getting off on getting him off.
