 Comments are what I live for!

All characters in this story are 18 years or older.

************

When I woke up the next morning I instantly remembered the night before and a huge smile spread across my face. I was so happy that I almost forgot about the fight I had gotten into with my family. But that didn't ruin my mood too much though. I wasn't thrilled about having to go downstairs and face my dad but I just wanted to hurry up and get it over with. So after I washed my face and brushed my teeth I just put on some comfy sweat pants with a tight but still comfy top and put my hair up in a loose ponytail. 

As I walked out of my room I was surprised to see that my mom was still home. Normally she leaves for work before I wake up, whereas my dad doesn't leave until after I do, and my brother doesn't even wake up until all of us are gone. But this morning I could hear her still getting ready in her room. 

'Great. Now I'll have to deal with her this morning too.' I thought to myself. 

Downstairs my dad was sitting at the kitchen table reading the newspaper. I didn't say anything to him as I made myself a bowl of cereal and sat down across from him. 

"Good morning Emma." He said to me without taking his eyes off his paper. "Are we going to get the silent treatment all day today?" 

I just shrugged my shoulders at him. I didn't have anything left to say that I hadn't already said a million times. That I'm not this out of control kid that they think I am. The reason we were fighting last night was because I broke my curfew last weekend. I had recently gone through a bad break up with my last boyfriend and was in such a funk for the last couple weeks. My best friend Jill had finally had enough of it and forced me to go out with her in order to cheer me up. We ended up going to some stupid party and I drank a little bit but that's it. I only got home late because the party was kind of far away and it took us a long time to get home. No big deal. But my parents didn't listen and totally overreacted. 

"Listen, Emma." He started after taking an exasperated breath. "Your mother and I talked and we don't want to argue with you anymore. The bottom line is you have to understand that there is certain behavior we're not going to tolerate from you...whether you disagree or not." 

"Like I've said before, I wouldn't put up such a fight about it if it weren't for the fact that you let Mike get away with murder when he was my age. I mean jeez you still do! He parties all night, sleeps until noon, and barely gets by in the few classes he's taking in college. So what is so different between me and him?" 

My rant was ended when my mom came bustling in the kitchen clearly late for work and trying to pour some coffee with her hands full of paperwork. 

"Good morning Emma." She said to me cautiously. 

I just rolled my eyes and went back to eating my breakfast. 

"Oh don't give me that look!" She said more playfully. "It's a brand new day, it's a beautiful morning, and..." She paused to look at her watch. "...and I'm painfully late for work. I gotta go." 

She rushed by me giving me a quick kiss on the cheek before heading to the door. 

"I love you! Be good!" 

I didn't feel like talking anymore or finishing my cereal. 

"I gotta go too. I'm going to be late for school." 

I put my dish in the sink and grabbed my backpack. 

"Wait! Here." 

My dad handed me a stack of letters all addressed to Chris. It was all the mail my dad collected for him while he was away on his business trip. 

"Drop those off to Chris on your way to the bus, would ya?" 

I had to bite my lip to stop myself from smiling. 

"Sure dad, no problem." I said calmly when on the inside I was filled with excitement. 

I couldn't wait to see Chris again and this was the perfect opportunity! As I made the short walk to his house my mind was flooded with thoughts of what would happen when I got there. 

'I wonder if he still wants to see me again. If he does, would he want me to stay now or does he have to go to work? Should I just skip school? Damn, I should've worn a cuter outfit!' 

My heart started racing as I walked up to his door. When I knocked and was waiting for him to answer it seemed to have stopped beating completely. After a few seconds he opened the door wearing loose pajama pants that hung low on his waist and had no shirt on. That was all I needed to see to decide that missing school would be totally worth it. The look on his face though was surprised and scared. 

"Emma, what are you doing here?" He asked frantically as he scanned the street for anyone watching, then tugged me inside by my upper arm and quickly shut the door. "Someone could've seen you. How do you think that looks?" 

"It's okay,..." I said as I sat my backpack on his coffee table and pulled out all his mail. "...my dad told me to bring you these." 

He visibly relaxed. 

"Oh." He said as he rubbed his face in a stressful way but was smiling. 

He took a deep breath through his nose and walked towards me, stopping just a few inches away, towered over me. 

"Well, thanks." He said as he took the letters from me, then gave me a knowing smile. 

I smiled back. 

"Don't you think pulling me inside probably looked a little weirder than me just knocking on your door silly?" 

"Yeah..." He said as he tossed the letters onto his coffee table then crossed his arms making his chest puff out at me. "...probably." 

I could see his eyes scanning my face as he looked down at me and his smile turned cocky and seductive. He drew me in like a magnet. Literally. Then put his hands on the small of my back to guide me the rest of the way to his mouth. The kiss was on the sweeter side, which I liked, but didn't last long because he had something cooking in the kitchen that he needed to attend to. I didn't follow him immediately though. I took a minute to notice his house. Like I said before, it's a mirrored layout of mine and last night I got to see inside it for the first time. But it looks different during the day and I didn't have time to take it in like I could now. It was less decorated than mine and was way more bachelor pad style. 

"You want some breakfast?" He called from the other room. 

I walked in and hopped up on the counter right next to the stove he was making eggs on. I actually was pretty hungry since I barely touched my cereal at home. 

"Sure. Thank you." 

He made a small chuckle at my choice of seating. 

"What time do you have to go to school?" 

I looked down at my nails and started mindlessly playing with them. 

"Well, I was thinking that this little detour my dad had me take could turn into a more permanent one." I said, then bit my lip while waiting for his response. 

"Emma Walker..." He playfully scolded me. "...are you skipping school?" 

"Well I'm sure trying to." I answered while laughing. 

He laughed back as he handed me a plate of food and took his own over to a table. I followed and sat down with him. He took a couple huge bites before he said anything. 

"I gotta go to work pretty soon." He said with his mouth full and didn't even look up at me. 

It's a good thing he didn't or he would've seen a big frown of disappointment form on my face. Then he leaned back in his chair and looked at me while he took a big chug from a water bottle. 

"What would you do after that?" 

I tried my best to hide my excitement when I realized that he meant I could stay until he had to leave for work. 

"That's okay, I can just go to school late. You could drive me actually." 

He didn't answer, he just went back to eating and seemed amused with me. Him driving me was actually my only option because my bus was long gone by now. Even though he ate so fast, I still got done eating first because he didn't give me near as big of a helping. We just talked as I waited for him to finish. His cooking was horrible though. I don't know how someone can manage to make eggs burnt and runny at the same time and I made sure to tease him about that. In return I got a piece flung at me from his fork and he seemed to get a good laugh out of that. It was nice. I really enjoyed being around him. After he scarfed down the last bit I picked up both of our plates before he had a chance to. 

"I got that, don't worry." He said as he stood up and reached for them. 

But I turned away so that he couldn't and kept walking towards the sink. 

"No!" I whined. "You cooked, that means I wash the dishes." 

He held back a laugh. 

"Whatever you say cutie." He said as he rolled his eyes and walked out of the kitchen. 

When I had everything cleaned up I went back into the living room and he wasn't there. There was a small end table between the front door and a couch with some picture frames on it that caught my eye so I went over to look at them. They were mostly of him and his family and it was interesting to me. It was like getting a glimpse of the real Chris. I picked up one of him when he was younger at some sporting event and was admiring it when suddenly his voice was at my ear. 

"That's me when I was like fifteen." 

"I see..." I said as I sat the frame back down. "You were so cute, what happened?" 

"Oh you got jokes huh?" He laughed. "Don't make me throw you in the pool again." 

"Oh please, I'd like to see you try." I said while rolling my eyes. 

The next thing I knew his arms were wrapped tight around my upper thighs and I was lifted up into the air. I couldn't believe he was really doing it and started screaming. But instead he took a step forward and slammed us both onto the couch. I started laughing but he stayed quiet and just had a lustful look in his eyes. My laughing only stopped when he crashed his lips into mine and his tongue immediately followed. I wrapped my arms around his neck and spread my legs apart so he could sink into me. We were moaning into each other's mouths and things were starting to get really hot when a phone started ringing behind my head. He glanced up at it quickly and continued kissing me clearly with the intention of ignoring it. But then he looked again and his lips slowly stopped moving with mine. When I realized I was the only one doing the kissing I stopped and saw his face had froze. 

"What's wrong?" I asked. 

"It's your dad." 

I had to fight a giggle as he picked up the phone. 

"Hello?...Hey Steve, how's it going?" 

Being so close to phone I could hear most of what my dad was saying. The school called my house to say that I never showed up. I should've known that would happen, it's just been so long since I've done something like this. I can't even remember the last time I skipped school. My dad was asking Chris if he had seen me this morning since I was supposed to drop off his mail before getting on the bus. I couldn't help but laugh quietly at the look on Chris's face like he was being called into the principal's office for questioning. I started teasing him by kissing his neck all over and could actually feel him gulp before he answered. 

"Oh, sorry man I haven't seen her...I mean, uh..." He stuttered. "...yeah I saw her. But uh, I don't know where she went. It looked like she was going to school." 

He gave me a death glare but I could see the corner of his mouth slightly turned up. 

"Yeah. No problem...See ya." 

He hung up and I could feel him physically relax. 

"I can't believe you still use a house phone." 

His eyebrows scrunched together and his mouth slightly hung open. Obviously that was the last thing he expected me to say after my dad having just called. 

"I'm surprised you even know what that is." He teased back and playfully pinched the side of my belly harder than I expected. 

I cried out and again my screaming was stopped by his mouth slamming back onto mine. As we made out he held both sides of my waist and lightly ran his thumbs across the top. I unhooked my arms from around his neck so that I could explore his sculpted back while he explored my mouth with his tongue. Then he lowered himself on me and pushed my top and bra upwards until my breasts were exposed. He let out a breath when he saw them and immediately took one into his mouth. I moaned in pleasure and held onto his bulky shoulders while he went from sucking them to flicking my nipples with his tongue. He did this for a couple minutes but then covered me back up. He took my hand and sat up straight pulling me up with him. 

"I gotta take a shower before work." He said as he stood up and started walking away. 

I just sat there looking confused. When he reached the hallway he stopped and turned around. 

"You coming?" He asked and then continued walking. 

'Oh.' I thought. 

I smiled and practically skipped my way to him bathroom. When I got there his pants were already off and he was slightly leaned over while he turned the shower on. When he turned around I could see his dick was rock hard and my heart started speeding up with excitement. I pulled both my tank top and bra off over my head. He pinned me against the wall, got to his knees and got a firm grip on the top of my sweat pants and the band of my thong and yanked them both down aggressively to my ankles. I stepped out of them as he rose back to his feet and took hold of my hairband. He gently pulled out my ponytail and I shook my hair loose. I figured we were waiting for the water to get hot so I got to my knees and started giving him head. My hands were behind his knees as I sucked slowly back and forth. I gave some special attention to the tip before I looked up at him and sped up my pace. His face was serious but his eyes were dancing with lust. He put both of his huge hands on my head and held it firmly as he made breathy moans. Out of nowhere he pushed my head so far down that all I could do was cough and gasp for air as my eyes filled with tears. Then he pulled all the way out of me and he looked so turned on that he was going to lose his mind. He took my hands in his and stood me up. 

"Come on." He said out of breath and pulled me into the shower with him. 

He wet his body and then switched places with me. I stood under the water and enjoyed the heat running down my body as he quickly ran a bar of soap all over his. When he finished he put the soap back, stepped in front of me and took all of my hair into his hands. He made sure it was fully drenched before wrapping it all tightly around one hand. Then he jerked me so hard to one side of him that I almost slipped and then kissed me just as hard. The kiss was quick though and he pulled me back to study my pain filled face before making a cocky smile and kissing me again. This time the kiss was longer and with tongue. He let me go so that he could get under the water and rinse off the soap. I just waited and gawked at the sight of the water running down his defined body. It only took him a few seconds and then he pushed me against the wall and bent down in front of me. He grabbed my thighs and spread them apart so that he could eat me out. I must have been really horny because my clit was really puckered up. So much so that the first feel of his tongue made me twitch and squeal. His sucking and licking felt so good that I never wanted it to end. When he started jabbing his finger in and out of me I just about lost it and I'm sure he could tell by the way I was moaning and crying out. He kept taking breaks just to spread me apart and stare at pussy before continuing. The third time he did that he sucked in a breath through his clenched teeth. 

"My god Emma..." He said as he stood up. "...I can't wait to get in that tight pussy." 

He took my jaw in his hand and turned my head to one side so he could give my neck a few quick kisses and sucks before he gripped my waist and turned me around against the wall. I felt him position his dick at my opening, so I arched my back to give him better access. He pushed into me and my eyes squeezed shut with pain and pleasure. 

"Shit!" He breathed out when he bottomed out. 

We both fell into each other. He rested his head in the crook of my neck and wrapped one arm around my ribs and the other around my lower waist. Where as I leaned my head back against his shoulder and reached one arm behind his head and the other held tightly onto his forearm that was around my waist. He started fucking me. I enjoyed him eating me out so much that I forgot how badly I needed him inside me. 

"Oh my god..." I cried. "...ahh, my god. Chris!" 

"You like that?" He panted in my ear. 

I couldn't answer. My mouth was stuck open and I just nodded my head. Occasionally he would pinch my nipples pretty hard which only intensified my pleasure. I knew he was enjoying this as much as I was though. He was holding me so tightly and pounding me so roughly that I thought he was going to break me in two as he moaned and groaned in my ear. Then he stopped and pulled out of me to turn me back around. 

"God, you're so wet." He said as he bent down to get a mouthful of my juices and swallowed them. 

He gave me a quick kiss and I could taste myself on him. Then he firmly grabbed my ass with both hands and smoothly lifted me up against the wall. I didn't wrap my legs around him though, they just kind of hung at his sides while he continued fucking me. I wrapped my arms around his with my hands on his shoulder blades and I could feel his muscles contorting with every thrust. The pleasure was getting so strong and this time I didn't have to worry about anyone hearing me. So I leaned my head back and screamed as loud as I needed to. I didn't care that water was getting in my mouth or that my head was banging against the tile wall. I was again in heaven with him. He captured my mouth with his and from then on our tongues never left each other until the moment that I knew I was about to cum. 

"Chris, I'm gunna cum!" I whined as I wrapped my arms tightly around his neck and my legs tightly around his waist like a baby koala. 

He put his mouth to my ear. 

"Oh yeah, cum for baby! Cum all over my dick." He said as he started bucking me faster. 

My toes scrunched together, I squeezed him so hard that I must have been choking him, and I whined and squealed into his shoulder as I indeed came all over his dick. I still hung onto him in that same position but my body went limp and I could feel the muscles of my pussy walls contorting around him as my eyes went hazy. He however, became even more turned on and his thrusts became even faster. 

"Ah yeah." He moaned. "Ahhh yeah baby!" 

I could tell he was about to cum. He quickly moved us over against the other wall with a bang and thrust into me two more slow but powerful times. Then released one of my legs and used his free hand to aim him cum all over my belly. I think that's why he moved us away from the water, so that it wouldn't wash away his cum and he enjoyed seeing it on me. As his breathing slowed down he released my other leg and pulled me close for some lazy but sweet kisses. I smiled against his mouth and he smiled back. 

"Can I clean your mess off now?" I teased. 

"Hang on." He jokingly grabbed my stomach and admired his work. "Okay, go ahead." 

I laughed and he stepped out of the shower as I went to clean myself off. When I was done I turned off the water and he handed me a towel to dry off with. I wrapped it around my chest and he wrapped his just around his waist. I picked up my clothes and we made our way to his bedroom. I didn't get dressed though. I just plopped down on his bed because I was exhausted. I laid on my side with my head propped up in my hand as I watched him get dressed for work. 

"Well that was way better than school." 

He laughed at that. 

"Well seeing you wearing just a towel on my bed is making me have thoughts that are way better than work. But I gotta go." He said as he buckled his belt. 
