 This is my second story. I didn't make it as lengthy as my first but I left the ending open to a sequel. If anyone wants one please let me know and I'll write one! :)

All characters in this story are 18 years or older.

************

All the yelling from downstairs was muffled the moment I slammed my door shut. I was so mad. I paced around my room with my hands on my hips while I tried to calm down. I had just gotten into a big fight with my parents. They yet again were going on about my "bad" behavior. Saying that I was going out too much and heading down the wrong path and what not. Even my older brother chimed in and agreed with them which really pissed me off. I know for a fact that he was way worse than me when he was my age so he had no right to talk. If my parents had any clue of what he was like or what other kids my age are like now, they'd think I was an angel. So what if I go out a lot? It not like I'm doing drugs. They've never liked any of my boyfriends either but at least I have steady relationships as opposed to just sleeping around. I was so tired of them being extra critical of me because I'm the baby in their eyes. 

I couldn't hear anything downstairs anymore so I figured they all went to bed seeing that it was pretty late. I sat down on my bed and stared out my window. I was still upset and really wanted to leave. I didn't care if they were all asleep, I needed to get out there and get some air. I thought about calling one of my friends to come pick me up but it was a school night and they'd all be going to bed soon. Just when I thought I'd have to settle for staying in, I looked down at my neighbor Chris's pool and got an idea. 

Chris is this really hot guy who's lived next door to us ever since we moved in 5 years ago. I first met him when I was walking home from school. It was an awkward day since I was the new kid, but my mood suddenly shifted when I saw my dad talking to some tall, buff, hottie with his shirt off standing next to his lawn mower. When I walked up to them my dad introduced us. He was so cute and practically broke my hand when he shook it. I've had a crush on him ever since. He's a lot younger than my parents, probably early thirties, but they've always been friends. I only talk to him when I see him outside every now and then. Last week he asked my dad to get his mail for him while he went out of town somewhere. I knew he wouldn't be back until tomorrow and we don't have a pool so as I stared at his I realized I could take advantage of it while he's away.

'He'd never know.' I thought. 'Beats staying in here with all this bad energy.' 

I stripped off my clothes, put on a white bikini and grabbed my purse. I quietly got a towel from the hall closet but I didn't want to go downstairs and risk someone seeing me or hear me go out the front door. So once I was back in my room I locked my door and slowly opened the window that faced my backyard. There's a stretch of roof outside of it that I stepped onto. After closing the window I grabbed onto a thick branch and climbed down one of the trees that surround our house. Chris's house is the exact same layout as ours except it mirrors it so our side gates are right next to each other. When I got to his pool I put my things down and kicked off my flip flops. I just sat on the edge at first, swaying my legs around in the water as I lit a cigaret. When I finished I hopped all the way in and started swimming all around. The water was warm and felt nice as it flowed across my body. I could literally feel all my stress melting away.

"Thought you'd take a dip in my pool while I'm away, ay Emma?" A voice said out of nowhere.

I screamed and whipped around. Chris was standing there in the doorway looking hot as ever wearing a t-shirt and basketball shorts and holding a beer in his hand. He started laughing. Probably at how he startled me. I couldn't help but laugh too.

"Oh my god." I said and buried my face in my hands in embarrassment. "I'm sorry Chris!"

I swam to the edge of the pool in front of him and rested my elbows up on the floor.

"Yeah." I confirmed.

He just laughed again.

"I'm sorry." I said again. "What are you doing here? I thought you weren't coming home until tomorrow." 

"Ended up coming back a little earlier than expected." He said as he shrugged his shoulder and took a sip of beer.

"Oh." I replied.

"Didn't you see my car out front?" He asked as he pointed to the front of the house.

"Uh no, I uh...came from my backyard." I said.

He looked confused as to why I would do that.

"I uh, had to sneak out my window." I explained.

I told him all about how I got into a fight with my family but I didn't say what it was about.

"Ahh, I see." He said.

"Yeah." I said. "Do you uh, want me to go?"

"Um..." He looked over at my house and thought about it for a moment. "Naw. I guess you can stay for a little while. It's a little late to be going for a swim though, isn't it?"

"What, you've never gone night swimming before? It's fun." I asked.

He took another sip of his beer as he shook his head no. I don't know if I was still mad at my family and just trying to piss them off or what. But I suddenly realized what a great opportunity this was to actually hook up with this guy I've been crushing on for so long and I wanted to see how far I could take this.

"Well...why don't you come in?" I asked as innocently as I could.

He stared at me for a minute.

"Uhh..." He said as he rubbed the back of his head and looked over at my house again. "Alright." He said with a shrug of his shoulders. "Why not?" 

He took a big chug of his beer and set it on a table next to him. Then pulled off his t-shirt by the collar and turned around.

"I'll be back." He said and went into the house.

'Yes!' I thought.

I smiled to myself and started floating backwards. I swam around for a minute before remembering that he had left his beer on the table. I quickly got out of the pool and walked up to it. Just as I lifted to bottle to my lips an arm appeared around me and snatched it from me making the liquid spill out of my mouth. I covered my mouth and turned to see Chris standing there.

"Hey!" I complained and laughed.

"Heyyy!" He mocked me imitating my whine. "Caught ya." He said. "Sodas..." He pointed into the house. "Are in the fridge."

"You suck." I said and rolled my eyes.

"Oh I suck do I?" He said and lifted his eyebrows.

He looked me in the eyes as he got close to me to set the bottle back down on the table behind me. The next thing I knew I was in the air and screamed as I went flying into the water with a splash. It was silent underneath the water as I realized he had thrown me in. When I reached the surface I heard laughter. I rubbed my eyes and saw him stepping into the pool with the beer and set it on the edge of the pool.

"Oh you're gonna get it!" I laughed.

I splashed him and he splashed me back. It quickly turned into a water war of laughing and coughing. Then he put his hand on my head and dunked me under water. I jumped on him trying to make him go under too and made sure that my boobs were pushed against him in the process. But he was too strong and wouldn't budge. He laughed at my pathetic attempt and started tickling my sides. As much as I loved him touching me, I actually wanted him to stop because he was doing a good job. I tried my best to pry him off me as I giggled uncontrollably. He eventually released me and our laughter slowly died down. Soon we were just floating close together and staring at each other. This was exactly what I wanted to happen. I think he could sense the intimacy too but he quickly backed away from me.

"Man, this is nice. Its been awhile since I been in here. Been working too much." He said and took another sip from the bottle.

I swam back up to him.

"Can I have just a couple sips? Pleeease?" I begged and batted my eyes at him.

He held the bottle up to his lips and gave me a skeptical look.

"How old are you now?" He asked.

"Eighteen." I answered.

He looked away from me for a moment.

"Damn. Time flies." He said more to himself and took the sip.

Then he looked back at me. He lifted the bottle above his head and dangled it in the air.

"Can you reach it?" He joked.

I laughed and held onto his shoulder with one hand and jumped as I tried to reach for it with the other hand. But it was hard to do in the water so he finally gave in and handed it to me. It was quiet while I drank. Chris was floating near me but not as close as I wanted, so I started to think up a plan to fix that. Without saying anything I swam to the front of the pool and slowly stepped out. I made sure to sway my hips and arch my back as I adjusted my bikini and shook my hair so he'd have a nice view of my body.

"Where you going?" He asked.

"Gonna practice my diving skills!" I answered and started walking to the other end of the pool.

"You can't dive in here, it's too shallow." He said.

"It's six feet. Sure I can." I objected.

When I got to the other end I got in position. With a running start I dove in hands first. I entered the water at a slight angle so that I wouldn't hit the pool floor. But I very well could have if I'd gone straight in. So when I swam up to the surface I fake cried out in pain.

"Shit. What happened?" He asked and swam over too me.

"I hit my wrist!" I lied.

I rubbed it above the water as he went to get the beer bottle. He got real close to me just as I planned and cornered me against the pool wall.

"Here." He said.

He pressed the cold bottle against my wrist.

"Is that better?" He asked.

I nodded my head yes and smiled up at him. He was standing an inch away from me. We just stared at each other for awhile and I noticed he looked at my lips a couple times. This time I wasn't gonna let him back away. I slowly moved my head forward and pressed my lips against his. He completely froze but I didn't stop. I continued kissing his stiff-as-a-board lips. Finally, I felt him lightly kiss me back! But my happiness was cut short when he suddenly pulled away. He trapped me between his arms as he tightly gripped the edges of the pool and bowed his head.

"Emmaaa." He said in a warning tone.

He didn't back away though. I knew he wanted me. He was just conflicted and needed a little more persuasion. I giggled at him.

"Oh come on...I've always had a crush on you." I said and then started kissing one side of his neck. 

"And I'm eighteen now."

I kissed the middle. He started breathing faster.

"Don't you want me?"

I kissed the other side.

"I'm friends with your parents!" He said.

"They'll never know." I whispered in his ear and then started nibbling it. "It'll be our little secret."

I reached behind me, grabbed the bottle and put it up to his lips. I tilted it up and made him take a sip. A way of telling him to relax. After I set it back down I wrapped my arms and legs around him and smiled when I felt his erection. He wrapped his arms around my back and floated backwards. He dipped me back and slowly started spinning me around in circles. He was obviously still debating what to do. I let my head and arms fall back as I swirled around. Then I boldly and quickly pulled my bikini top off. My tits floated above the water.

"Emmaaaaa!" He growled in a pleading sort of way.

He kept swirling me though, so I started grinding on his now rock hard dick through his swimming trunks. When he responded by thrusting back I knew he was close to giving in. I detached myself from him and swam away. When I turned back around and faced him I pulled down my bottoms and threw them right at his face. He stared at them for a second with an almost angry look and squeezed them tight in his hands before throwing them behind him. Then he swam towards me.

'Got him!' I thought.

"Oh now you want me huh?" I giggled as he got closer. "Well maybe I've changed my mind." 

I swam away and he gave me a look like "Oh you bitch!" and darted towards me full speed. I laughed and kept a good distance from him for awhile but he was fast and eventually caught up with me and got hold of my hips. He turned me and slammed me against him. His body felt so good against mine! We smiled at each other acknowledging that we were about to do this. I had finally got the man I'd been crushing on since I was little! 

We started making out. I couldn't decide what I loved more. Kissing his lips and exploring his foreign and, up until now, off limits mouth with my tongue, or the fact that he was doing the same to me. It wasn't long before he was sucking on my tits and fingering me underwater. I was putty in his arms as I moaned in pleasure. Then suddenly I was lifted up. He sat me on the edge of the pool and spread my legs. I laid back and held his buzz cut head as he hungrily ate me out. I closed my eyes and drifted into my own world. In that world only one of my five senses worked. I couldn't see, smell, taste, or even hear. I could only feel my moans as the came up my throat and feel all the work Chris was doing on my pussy. When I opened my eyes my head was turned so the first thing in my line of vision was my house. I smiled knowing that my parents and brother would kill Chris if they knew what he was doing to me right now. Then I smiled even bigger and laughed when I realized that if any of them simply looked out their windows they could see us. For some reason it made everything even more hot. 

Just when it seemed like he would go on forever, he pulled me back into the water. He smushed me against the wall with a hard kiss and tugged his trunks down just low enough to free his dick. With this being what I'd been waiting for, I immediately wrapped myself around him. He waisted no time shoving himself into me as he let out a breathy moan. He held onto my hips when he started to pump.

"Fuck, your tight!" He choked out.

That didn't surprise me because he was stretching me out to the max. We made out a little before he worked his lips down to my neck. Soon the burning pleasure was so good that my moans turned into screams so he covered my mouth with his hand.

"Shh. Keep it down." He said.

I nodded my head so he let my mouth go and we both rested our heads on each others shoulders. All that could be heard was the swishing of the water and our panting and moaning as he fucked me against the pool wall. All to quickly, he stopped, pulled up his shorts, and me away from the wall. He got behind me, grabbed my upper arms and put his mouth to my ear.

"Lets go. I need a condom." He whispered and pushed his chest against my back, ushering me to move.

We got out of the pool and in the middle of me squeezing the water out of my hair, he scooped me up bridal style. A small scream escaped my lips before I laughed and put my arm around his neck. He slid the sliding glass door open and walked inside. Having never been in his house before, I looked around at everything as he brought me to his bedroom. He kicked his door open and shut and dropped me onto his unmade bed. His whole room and especially his bed smelt just like him. As I laid there he stood next to me and pulled his trunks all the way down and kicked them aside. He held his dick and aimed it right at me. So I turned onto my side and started sucking it.

"Awww. Yeah." He breathed out.

I looked up at him and met his gaze. He pet my head a little and then rested his hands behind his head and closed his eyes. I picked up in speed and after a couple minutes he pulled out of me with a pop. He opened the drawer of his night stand and pulled out a condom. I laid on my back again and waited patiently as he put it on and then got on top of me. We raised our arms and sweetly laced our fingers together as we made out and then went at it again. It was much better on a dry bed.

"Aww fuck!" He moaned, agreeing with me.

He flipped me over onto my hands and knees and rammed into me, clearly wanting to take advantage of new positions we could be in. He could get a lot deeper this way and it felt so fucking good! My moans got louder.

"OOH FUCK ME!" I yelled.

He took a fist full of my hair and squeezed tight, making my head tilt back and my cries come up my throat a lot clearer.

"FUCK ME HARDER!" I gridded out and he sped his thrusts up even more. "GIVE IT TO ME!"

"OH EMMA!" He yelled.

He let go of my hair and pushed down on my back to make me go down. My ass was in the air and my face smothered in his pillow. Once I was down he slapped my ass so hard it stung and I cried out.

"AW YES!" He cried.

"FUCK ME CHRIS!" I screamed into the pillow.

I could tell by how loud an fast he was moaning that he was going to cum soon. So I quickly sat up and pushed on chest. He laughed a bit when he realized what I wanted and laid down on his back for me. I laid flat on him and he smiled and wrapped his arms tight around my back when I went in for a kiss. I worked my lips down his chest and kissed it all over. As I sat up straight he followed me and sucked hard on my nipples for a minute then laid back again. I adjusted myself onto his dick and started bouncing on it with everything I had. I couldn't help but think how I was in paradise being in Chris's bed, his buff body underneath me and letting me use his hard cock for my pleasure as I hopped and twisted and turned anyway that I wanted.

"AW YEAH! AWW FUCK YEAH!" He cried louder.

My hair had fallen all over my face. I bowed my head and in one quick motion flipped it all behind me and switched from bouncing on him to grinding back and forth just as fast and holding onto his chest for support.

"I'M GUNNA CUM!" I screamed to the ceiling.

He started bucking his hips up and down, humping me back as I started to orgasm.

"FUCK! SHIT! OOH EMMAAAAA!" He growled as he started to cum too.

We came in perfect harmony. My nails dug into his chest and his mouth was stuck in an "o" shape as we made indescribable noises. His grip on my hips tightened and he roughly pulled me down as he made a few last thrusts. We came down from our euphoria and I leaned down for some lazy last kisses. I laid my head on his chest and he wrapped his arms around my back. 

"Shit." He deeply breathed out.

I just giggled back. He started lightly running his finger tips up and down my back and I closed my eyes. We must have fallen asleep because when I lifted my head, the clock on his night stand read 3:07. My stirring woke him up as well. I looked up and met his sleepy gaze.

"I should go." I smiled.

He grunted and groggily rubbed his face as I got up. He threw away the condom and was looking for the wrapper when I went into his bathroom. When I came out he had put on a pair of boxers. We smiled at each other and he led me out to the backyard with his hands on my shoulders. My bikini was still in the pool. It was floating in the middle so the only way I could get it was by getting in again. When I got out and put it back on me, Chris returned from inside holding a towel open for me. I turned around, he wrapped it around me and rubbed my arms when I turned to face him again. I got my purse and shoes and he started to lead me back into the house.

"No I..." I started to say and pointed to the gate.

"Ah yes...your window." He said with a hint of a mocking tone.

He walked me to the gate. When we got there I turned and looked up at him. He took a deep breath an smiled. Then put his hands on my hips and kissed me against the wall of his house.

"You wanna do it again?" I asked in between a kiss and smiled seductively.

He laughed and shook his head.

"You are gonna be the death of me." He said and continued kissing me.

"I'll take that as a yes." I said against his lips.

"Alright, get your ass to bed." He said when he pulled away.

I handed him his towel and went through his gate.
