 Emma sat on the smooth rocks beside the crystal blue lake to catch her breath. She was so lucky to have this stunning national park as her back drop for her morning jog. It was so peaceful on this spring morning and she was yet to see anyone on the trail. The moon could still be seen in the morning sky, pale and white in comparison to the new orange glow of the sun that was rising from behind the mountains. 

As she glanced at her reflection in the clear water, she thought to herself that her figure-hugging three-quarter gym pants nicely accentuated her long toned legs. She sighed contentedly and leaned her back against the rock so she could bath in the warmth of the morning sun. The sound of the birds singing in the nearby trees filled Emma's mind with serenity and calm. She took in deep breathes of fresh mountain air, her large bosom rising and falling in her skimpy sports bra with each slow breath. 

Seconds later, the sound of a twig breaking close by caught Emma's attention. Her eyes darted towards the noise, where she spotted a man about her age slowing to a stop a few metres from the edge of the lake. 

"Hi," he said in a heavy Australian accent. "Sorry to interrupt your quiet moment. You looked so peaceful over there, I almost wasn't sure if I should turn around and head back up the track to not impose on you." 

"That's OK," Emma replied. He must have been watching her for the last 100 metres or so as he ran along the clear track on the water's edge that she had followed a short time before. "I need to head home soon anyway." She got up, stepping off the rocks to stand on the trail next to the stranger. Now that she was face to face with him, Emma couldn't help noticing how attractive the man was. His face had that rugged manliness that any girl would find handsome. But more noticeable was his toned shoulders and arm muscles on show in beneath his singlet top. 

"Ok, well if you were truly about to get up to head back, then I feel a little less guilty now for intruding," he said, giving her a sheepish smile as he offered his hand out. "I'm Scott." 

"Hi Scott, nice to meet you", she said, reaching out to shake his hand. "Emma," she replied. Emma thought she knew everyone in the area. "I haven't seen you around before, do you run here often?" 

"This is my first time," he explained. "I have just relocated to Vancouver from Sydney. I thought I would squeeze in a few quiet days here before I have to be in the office to start my new role."

"Ah Ok. I thought that might have been an Australian accent I was detecting. How are you enjoying Canada so far?" 

"It's amazing, so beautiful and picturesque. Words just can't do it justice. This place has got to be one of the most stunning places I have ever seen," said Scott referring to the Banff National Park in which they stood. 

"You're right about that," she said with a smile. "If you're heading back into the village, would you like to join me for the run?" 

"Sure," he answered. They turned their backs to the lake and began the jog back towards the village where Emma lived. As they jogged, Emma explained that during winter she was a ski instructor at a nearby resort but summer was her favourite time here because she loved to run in the National Park. 

They continued to chat casually as they jogged at a steady pace along the trail. A few minutes later as they ran down a slight incline, Emma stumbled and fell very ungraciously over a rock protruding from the dirt. Scott stopped and ran back a few paces to her side. "Are you OK?" he enquired. She tried to stand but the weight on her ankle was too much to bear. She slumped back onto the ground. "I think I sprained my ankle," she winced in pain. 

"Let me help you," he said. Before she had any time to protest, he bent down and scooped her up in his arms. He was able to quite easily carry her, her slight frame no challenge for him. With his strong arms wrapped around her, he began to walk towards the village. She had run this trail often enough to know that they were still quite a walk from the village. 

Emma sat sprawled in Scott's arms with her injured foot hanging over his left arm. The scent of his cologne, a sexy vanilla fragrance that reminded her of sweet warm caramel, filled the air. He smelt so good and she had an overwhelming desire to taste him. Within minutes, Emma began to feel incredibly intoxicated. She moved her head to rest against his chest and tilted her chin up towards his face to take a closer look at his chiseled profile. She watched the muscle in his jaw twitch as he clenched his jaw. 

Scott felt her gaze and glanced down, his steel-grey eyes met hers. Her skin was warm through her tights where his hands touched her and Scott was suddenly very aware of the lack of personal space between them. A bashful smile caught on his lips in response to the vulnerability in her eyes. 

Scott's mind was buzzing, the closeness of her body starting to affect him. He stopped abruptly in the middle of the track and placed her down in front of him. She leaned forward against his body to keep the weight off her ankle, her breasts pressed against his chest. 

"Sorry I just need a bit of a rest," he lied. In truth, Scott just needed some space so that he could gather himself. He helped her to a fallen tree beside the track where they had stopped. As he stood in front of her, he conspicuously checked out her bulging cleavage that minutes before had been pressed up against his chest. He had to admit to himself that Emma had amazing breasts. Shit I'm probably staring, he thought. 

He quickly raised his eyes to her face. But luckily she was glancing down at her ankle and hadn't spotted his obvious staring. 

After a few minutes, Scott asked her if she was ok to keep going. "Sure," she replied, "Let's go." She looped her arms around his neck and he lifted her effortlessly up into his arms. 

They walked for another few minutes before the village buildings came into view. "That's my place down there," she said, pointing to a quaint cottage at the end of the street. 

"Ok Cool." 

They reached the cottage and he balanced Emma in his arms while he turned the handle to open the front door. He entered into the living room and strode across to the kitchen where he placed her down on the kitchen island bench. The grey marble bench top was cool to his touch after the warmth of her body. 

"Could you grab the bag of frozen peas from the freezer for me please?" She asked. Scott turned away from her and walked over to the freezer. As he bent down to open the freezer, Emma took in the view of his arse. His running shorts really do it justice, she thought. 

When he returned, he stopped in front of her and placed the bag of peas onto her swollen ankle. The sun streamed through the window behind her, her golden blonde hair glistening in the light. Without thinking, he reached up to tuck a stray hair behind her ear. He slowly brushed the hair back and as he did so, he studied her face. Her innocent green eyes shone against her tanned skin as she returned his gaze. He watched her lips as she formed words. "Thanks for helping me today," she said quietly. 

Scott couldn't stop staring at her, those lips so soft and welcoming. At last, he couldn't resist the urge to lean forward and kiss her. 

The kiss began slowly, both a little hesitant to be kissing a complete stranger. He pressed his lips against hers and they both closed their eyes to savour the moment. He pulled slightly back and lingered, his lips now barely touching Emma's. 

Emma, hungry for more, leaned forward and tilted her head slightly to the side. She parted her lips, inviting a long deep passionate kiss. She took control of the moment and slipped her tongue inside his mouth. 

Scott could feel himself becoming incredibly aroused by her confidence as she immersed herself in the kiss. She no doubt would know in a moment that he was incredibly turned on, the lightweight fabric of his running shorts would not be able to hide his huge erection. He carefully stepped back from her as the kiss ended, trying to recover from the effect of her kiss. 

Emma leaned forward and, placing her hands on his hips, she pulled him in towards her again. She could feel an ache in her loins and she knew she wanted more of him. She reached her arms up around his neck, and she kissed him passionately and urgently. He returned her kiss, feeling her desire for him as she moved her hands over his flexed arm muscles. Scott stepped in closer and pushed himself up against her body. 

Suddenly she leaned back on the Island bench and pulled the front of Scott's shirt so that he moved on top of her, lying between her open legs. She reached down to the hem of his shirt and pulled it up over his head. Her hands travelled over every muscle on his upper body. She let out a moan. 

He put both of his hands under the material of her singlet top and cupped her breasts. He lifted the top over her head, and as he looked down at the large full breasts, he remembered those breasts pressed against his chest out in the national park not long ago. My god, she is stunning, he thought. She was like a blonde goddess with curves in all the right places. 

Scott was so incredibly turned on. She could feel his erection pressed against her through her clothing. She reached into his shorts and began caressing his penis. As she played with his cock, they continued to kiss. Emma broke contact with Scott's lips, and looked up at him hungrily. Removing her hand from his shorts, she took hold of the elastic on the top of his shorts and pulled them down to his thighs, never once breaking eye contact. Her eyes were smouldering hot. 

She took his cock in one hand and started to pump up and down firmly. Scott arched his back with each gentle tug, the action making him quiver with anticipation. He closed his eyes, telling himself not to give in to the control that Emma had over him. He focussed his attention on her body. He cupped her breasts, then slid his hands down her body, over her waist, coming to rest at the top of her gym pants. 

He slipped a hand inside her tights to find her already warm and wet. Her body responded to his initial touch with a little involuntary thrust of her pelvis. He slowly began to rub her clit with two fingers. He stroked her pussy with long slow strokes. She lifted herself up towards him with every stroke of his hand, matching her tug on his penis until they were moving in unison. She began to moan softly with pleasure. 

They were both so incredibly horny. She wanted things to go further. But it was insane to be lying across her kitchen bench, half naked with a complete stranger's hand inside her pants. 

Who was she kidding, she knew his touch was too much. Caught up in the moment, she leaned in close to his ear and whispered "Take me." He looked into her eyes, concern and softness on his face. 

"I want to," he said, "I so badly want to be inside you Emma, but we have literally only just met." 

His tenderness just made her more turned on. "Please Scott, I know this is crazy. This whole situation is insane but I have never wanted someone as much as I want you right now." 

"Are you sure?" He said. 

"Yes I'm sure," she said. Her eyes begged him for more. "Please Scott, I want you inside me" she whispered seductively. 

He removed his hand and slowly pulled her pants down, being careful to not hurt her swollen ankle as the clothing dropped to the floor. He took hold of her thighs and pulled her closer to the edge of the bench. He slipped his cock inside her pussy that was dripping wet. She let out a sigh as he entered her 

"Scott," she said, her voice sweet and sexy. Scott knew he wouldn't be able to last long and he moved slowly so that he could stay in control. As he slid in and out of her, little sounds of excitement escaped Emma's lips. He continued with a rhythm while he cupped her breasts with both hands. Seriously the best body in the world, he told himself again. 

He moved his hands down to her waist and pulled her up into a sitting position so she was right on the edge of the bench. Her breasts pressed up against her chest, her arms wrapped around him. She ran her fingers up into his hair where she let them play while her mouth focused on his neck. She nibbled at the point where Scott's pulse throbbed through his skin. The action pushed Scott another step closer to losing control. He went long and deep, his cock stroking her pussy over and over. Her moans got louder, and she was asking for more over and over again. She pushed against him, their hands moving hungrily over each other's body. She continued to push herself forward lifting herself up to him with each thrust. The action of arching her back up to him was driving him wild. 

He sped up his rhythm, going harder and deeper. "Oh Scott! Fuck me!" She screamed. Soon, she was moaning so loudly that he struggled to restrain himself. He didn't know how much longer he would be able to hold out. 

He felt the walls of her vagina tighten around his cock and she let out a gasp of pleasure. Moments later, her juices flowed over his cock. There was no going back now, and he exploded. His cock throbbed inside her, filling her up as she pulsated. And with the final last release of pleasure escaping their bodies, Scott collapsed on top of Emma on the island bench. 

"That was insane," Emma said. "Did you ever imagine this is what you would be doing today when you set off for your run this morning?" 

"Not a bad surprise twist eh," Scott said.