 Deb and I sat at the kitchen table, that afternoon, waiting for our room mate to arrive. Dano had called, stating he was running late and had one last stop before heading back and was there anything we needed? Deb asked me and as I shook my head she told Dano, no nothing we needed and to drive careful.

We sipped wine, as our conversation covered the past work week and what, if anything, we were going to do that evening. Of late, our sex life had been fading and neither of us really understood why. So, we shifted the conversation towards that fact and how we could 'spice up" our lives, perhaps over the weekend, with the right plans. 

A short time later, our dog let us know Dano was coming down drive way and so we ended the conversation before anything was really decided. Deb looked disgusted and I could only shrug my shoulders. Dano's time with us was growing short, that much I knew and half suspected that his presence was doing our sex life no good at all. Deb got up and made like she was busy, when Dano approached the door calling out, "Hey-HO! I finally made it. Hope you guys don't mind, but I brought someone home with me!" and smiled as he walked through the door.

"Hi ya Dano. How'd your day go?" I queried him. "Who ya got there with ya?" I asked before he had chance to reply to my first question.

"Oh...Oh, just a young lady I almost ran over!" he quickly responded, turning to motion her inside.

"What?" Deb and I said almost simultaneously. "What the hell Dano... almost ran over?" I said, as Deb looked at me and I at her, both of us shocked at the news.

"Aww, nothing quite that bad, but almost. She was standing in the street crying and I almost backed over her when I left Bruce's house" he responded, as he grabbed her hand and literally dragged through the door. "Mike... Deb... this is Emma." He said, introducing her to us.

"Hi Emma." I said. "Hello, Emma." Deb piped in, right after me.

And that was that, we had met Emma and from the looks of her she needed a place to relax for a while. A bit dirty, red eyed and shaking with apprehension she softly, almost to low to hear said, "Hi. Hope I'm not intruding?"

"Not at all." Deb replied and pointed out a chair for her to sit in.

Emma sat quietly, as Dano went over the story again and we listened. Every now and then trying to smile at the funny way Dano was trying to explain it all. Not wanting to embarrass her further I paid more attention to Dano and Deb patted her on the arm a few times trying to let her know it was going to be OK. Finishing up, Dano looked at me and asked, "You think Emma could stay the night? She really has no where to go."

I looked at Deb, raising my eyebrows and shrugged my shoulders. Deb took the lead and looked at Emma telling her, "Sure, hun. You can stay." And added, bet you'd like to get cleaned up, huh?" Emma smiled shyly at Deb, nodded her head and off they went to the bathroom. A short time later Deb returned with Emma's clothes and said she was taking a bath. "I'll be right back. Just gonna throw her things in the wash." Deb said to us.

Dano and I talked while Deb was busy, in low tones, as he explained a little more. Emma was 21 and had been knocking around Maui for the past couple of years. Since leaving home, she had, apparently, been taking up various living places with guys that found her sexually attractive and she was "looking" again. I raised an eyebrow at Dano, this time, and said, "No shit! That's too bad!" About then, Deb returned and we chatted until Emma was done and entered the kitchen, and what a site!

Deb had given her one of my long sleeve dress shirts to put on. On her it looked like a robe, except for some very obvious differences. There she stood, arms hanging down and crossed in front of her. Her hair, still wet, hung like ribbons of blonde silk, well past her shoulders. She small perky breasts had soaked the front of the shirt and her nipples stood out hard and proud. Her face was beautiful, with a small well shaped mouth and bright blue eyes, now that she had stopped crying. Staring at her, I remembered Dano's words, but swore she didn't look a day over 18. 

Emma smiled weakly and walked over to sit down. She plopped down and raised her knees to hide the wet portion of the shirt, wrapping her petit arms around her legs and said, "Thanks you guys. That felt really good." We smiled at her and Deb offered her a glass of wine.

"White or Red wine, Emma?" Deb asked as she got up. "Red wine, please." Emma replied and started to relax a little. 

We talked for an hour or so and the wine did its trick on Emma. She smiled more and loosened her grip on her legs, soon dropping her knees altogether and setting back. I loved the view and couldn't take my eyes off her breasts and those perky nipples.The talked turned to what we did and naturally we wanted to know what Emma thought she might like to do. Eyes gleaming, for the first time, and with an absolute straight face, she announced, "Oh. I really want to be porn star!" Dano started to stammer, I chuckled and Deb raised her eyebrow at me, this time.

"Well, guess I ought to get us something more to drink!" Dano said and got up from the table. I'll back in a while and he headed for the door. Dano never was one for open and frank discussions, especially when sex was involved, and his obvious embarrassment showed. He waved good-bye and left, as we reminded him to drive careful because he'd already had a couple of beers. "Ya, I know." He said and disappeared in the night. Dano would not show up again until that next week.

Deb turned to Emma and asked, "Wha...what made you decide on that?" "Ya," I joined in.

"Well, all the guys I've been with tell me I'm really good, and I know those girls make really great money. Besides, I love having sex!" She beamed back at us.

"A lot of experience then?" I asked, almost choking on my wine. 

"Ya, I'd love to hear about a few. Ever been with another woman?" Deb added in, as I shot a glance at her, as if to say, "Whoa, a little fast there aren't you?" She ignored me.

Emma never batted an eye and answered Deb quickly, "No... not yet, but I'd love to. I keep my pussy shaved clean. You know... for those close ups and when women do that clit to clit rubbing. It sounds like so much fun." And she giggled softly. It was Deb's turn and she took it, shooting a glance at me that said, "There smart ass... not so fast after all!

"I have to pee, but I'd love some more wine, if it's OK with you two?" Emma asked, getting up from the table. She stood and turned lightly away and I watched her tight little ass jiggle. Sensing I was watching her, she looked over her shoulder and raised the shirt up, wiggling her butt for me before she left. "Nice isn't it?" she called back as she entered the hall way. 

I got up to get wine for Emma and upon my return I found Deb and Emma, head to head talking low and giggling. As I approached they both looked at me and smiled. I saw Emma's shirt open, wide enough for her perky little breasts to be seen and Deb's hand playfully rubbing one nipple. 

"Her tits are really nice, Michael!" Deb said, grinning at me. "Come here and feel for yourself, she has nipples almost as big as mine!" she added. I couldn't resist and after pouring Emma more wine, I reached down and felt her breasts, taking a long, slow feel around her nipples. "When your right, your right Deb!" I said, with raspy voice, feeling my cock rising.

Emma giggled and said, "I'm glad you like them. I know you liked my ass! But, Deb told me something I don't believe and I hoped you'd prove it."

"What's that?" I said, still squeezing tits and massaging her hard nipples.

"She told me that I could put both hands around your cock and the head would still stick out. Is that true?" and she giggled all the more. "Anyway, I'd like to try it and see if she's right!"

Deb stepped around to my right and began undoing my pants, giving Emma a clear look at my cock, as Deb unveiled it. Grabbing the waste band of my pants, Deb jerked them down quickly catching my enlarging cock and making it bounce, as it came free of my pants, to the obvious delight of Emma. Emma cupped her face cheeks with both hands and made an O with her cute lips, and said, "Ooooh my! Deb I think you might be right!" Slowly Emma reached out with one small hand and placed just 2 fingers on my cock head, squeezing lightly. In seconds I was rock hard, my cock pointing up and out, straight at Emma. 

Deb winked at Emma and said, "See! I wasn't lying, was I? Grab him Emma and try the two hand thing, go ahead!" Deb told her, as she stepped around behind Emma and began massaging her tits again.

Emma reached out with both hands and gently wrapped one hand around my cock, at its base, with her eyes wide she felt the thickness there and then quickly grabbed my cock with her other hand, placing it just above the first. "Oh My God!" she mouthed the words, as they never came out. "You are big! Look how much of your dick is sticking out above my hands! She exclaimed excitedly, as she gave me a tight squeeze.

"Wha'd ya think Emma? Think we could have some fun with his cock? Deb said, laughing. Deb released Emma's breasts and asked her to help get her clothes off, as I finished removing my pants and shirt. I watched as Emma took the time to suck on Deb's nipples, getting them hard before helping with her shorts. Emma stood behind Deb and gently tugged Deb's shorts down, placing her tongue in Deb's ass crack on the way down. Looking around Deb's butt, Emma smiled at me and watched my eyes as she slid her hand between Deb's legs and sank her fingers into Deb's pussy.

"Whoa, that feels damn good Emma!" Deb squealed, with delight and grabbed my cock to steady herself. Emma winked at me and giggled. "I told you I was pretty good!" "Hey, let's go down to living room." I said, adding, "Before Deb rips my cock off and you don't get to play with it Emma!"

"I'm going to get the camera!" I announced, as the girls walked off for the living room. It was a great view of their ass's jiggling together, one tanned and brown, the other creamy white. I whistled softly to myself and went for the camera.

As I approached the living room, with my cock swaying back and forth like a divining rod in search of pussy, I heard the moans and gasps and called out, "Hey, no fair you two! You started without me." And sure enough, there Debra laid, legs splayed wide, Emma's tight, firm, creamy white ass sticking up, with her head buried between Deb's legs, eagerly licking her pussy and sucking her clit. I had no intention of stopping the action and readied my camera. 

I took pictures as I went down into the living room, getting long shots first, that gradually turned into the fantastic up-close shots, we all loved later on. I moved around and took pictures from every angle and position, noting just how lovely and inviting Emma's ass was. I sat down behind Emma and took an entire series of her ass and pussy, as she worked Deb over. Seeing she was on the rag, I couldn't help myself and snapped a shot as I began pulling the cotton pony out. I heard Emma cry our softly, but she never stopped and I completed the extraction. 

Deb was moaning louder and louder and I knew by the way her legs were shaking Emma had her on the verge of coming and took pictures of her face as Emma finished her off and Deb screamed out with delight. Emma turned, looking at me and smiling from ear to ear, as I captured her face. Her lips were enlarged from the sucking and covered with Deb's pussy juice, some running down her chin. She stuck out her tongue, closed her eyes and gave me another great shot. "Awesome!" was I all I could say. Emma smiled broadly and said, "That was wild, you pulling my cotex out! I've never had guy do that!" 

"He likes doing it. I 'm glad too because I'm always so horny when I'm on the rag!" we heard Deb chime in from the floor. Emma got up and sat on the arm of the sofa, looking very satisfied and happy that she done well with her first lesbian experience. 

"Oh my, you aren't done yet girl friend!" we heard Deb say as she rose up from the floor. 

"No way!" I offered, and watched as Deb walked up to Emma, mouth slightly open and slid her tongue in Emma's mouth for a long, deep and wet kiss. As they embraced I took Emma's hand and placed on my cock and she began stroking me. I took another great shot, that captured their embrace, Emma and Deb's tits touching and Emma's hand working my cock. This was just the excitement we had needed!

Deb released Emma and announced she had a toy to get and watched Emma's face light up, while still holding my cock. "You play with that and I'll be right back" Deb said and turned to leave. I stepped in front of Emma, camera ready. Emma gave me several great shots while Deb was gone. The best one as she pulled her lips away from my cock, with a long string of pre-cum stretching out between her lips and my cock head, looking directly up at my camera, eyes alive with sexuality. "You two having fun." Deb asked returning from her mission.

"God Deb, you are so lucky. Mike's cock is great and so big! It's just awesome to suck on!" Emma giggled with delight. "This girl is absolutely photogenic!" I said, smiling as Emma rubbed the head of my cock vigorously, like she was tousling the hair of a small child's head. Deb laughed and said, "Great! I've got some more fun. Are guys ready?"

Emma nodded her head eagerly and I smiled, knowing I was ready. "OK then. You two get over here and bend over the couch, and Mike give me that damn camera." Deb said, in a commanding voice. Emma and I did as she asked and Emma grabbed my hand looking at me, as if to say, "What's she going to do?"

Emma's eyes widened as she felt the lubricant running down the crack of her ass and giggled as my face showed the same thing was happening to me. Deb began massaging Emma's ass and rectum, and mine, at the same time. "This is way fun!" we heard Deb say and Emma reached to kiss me. Emma bit my lip in the process, when Deb had slid her finger up Emma's rectum, causing her to jerk and rise up on her toes. Emma placed her free hand up to her mouth, eyes wide, just ready to scream out, when I saw her relax, drop down and allow Deb's finger to go deep inside her. I was next, and Deb knew from experience, with strap ons, that anal experiences were fun for me. It made me harder, if that's possible! 

Deb worked our rectums well, making sure we were both lubricated sufficiently, including adding another finger to finish the job. "Alright, I think you two are ready! Emma, you come over and lie back on the arm of the couch. Keep your hips on the arm and spread those legs wide girl friend!" Deb commanded. 

"Mike, get your ass over there and kneel down in front of Emma's pussy!" Deb, likewise, commanded me. I grinned, took my place and remember thinking, "My how authoritative we are!" "Relax Emma. Mike's going to spread you pussy lips and suck your clit for a while. He can also stick his tongue in your pussy, but he can't make you cum! Understand?" Deb asked me and Emma in the same sentence.

"Sounds yummy!" Emma squealed with delight.

"Get going Mike and don't screw it up! Deb stated forcefully.

I did as commanded and opened Emma's labia wide, exposing her clit, already enlarged with anticipation of the licking it was about to get. I started in and heard the camera start to click away. Emma moaning softly at my tongue pressure, gasping as I entered her pussy for deep, long licks, Emma's legs had just started the tell tale signs of shaking and her tummy shudders were small, but I knew they would be growing, when I felt Deb's hands on my ass, spreading my cheeks and inserting a vibrating bullet up my rectum and giggling. Finished with me, I felt Deb's hands under my chest, as she spread Emma's ass cheeks and slid the second bullet into Emma's ass, much to Emma's surprise as she screamed out, "Oh my God, what the hel... and trailed off when Deb turned on the vibrating control.

"You like that girl friend?" Deb asked. "Oh Jesus yes. It's so intense!" Emma cood, and with that, Deb began to play with the controls. She sped up vibrations for a while and then back off, she put it pulse mode and giggled with delight as Emma's pelvis shuddered with each pulse. Settling on one speed, high!; Deb reached down and began to stroke my cock, as I continued to suck and lick Emma's clit, telling me, "You can make Emma cum now, but tell me when you're ready. I want to pull out your ass bullet and save your cum for the two of us, Emma and me!" 

It was a short time later that Emma exploded. Her hips shuddered violently several times, as she held my head tight to her pussy, yelling out, "Suck my clit harder! Suck it, suck it, suck it!" I grabbed Deb's hand and pulled it away from my cock and she jerked the bullet from my ass, way to close to cumming myself, I concentrated on Emma's desire. Emma had filled my mouth with her pussy juice and as I pulled my head away, Deb snapped a picture capturing the juice running down my lips onto to Emma's pussy. Smiling, I reached and slowly pulled the still vibrating bullet from Emma's ass and she let out a squeal of delight, while Deb capture the moment once again.

"Oh my God, Oh my God... God how intense was that. I still feel my ass vibrating and I'm getting these after shocks, like I can't stop cumming!" Emma squealed. "I know the feeling!" Deb chimed in, and grabbed Emma's hand.

'"Come on girl friend, let's get Mike off and share his cum!" Deb said, jerking Emma upright.

Playfully they wrestled me to the floor. Emma laid on top of me, her legs spread, and her still wet pussy within reach. Deb lay across my legs, holding me down and grabbed my cock first, Emma following close behind and they began to lick my cock and giggle. They spread a saliva trail and took turns licking it off and sucking the head of my cock, occasionally kissing one another and then attacking at the same time. I slipped my thumb in Emma's pussy and my index finger in her rectum and massaged that barrier between the two, as she squirmed and raised her hips up and down to make me go deeper. 

I heard Emma whisper to Deb, "I don't know if I could take his big cock in my ass, but I sure would love to try!" "Not today girl, not to day!" was Deb's reply and they giggled more.

Deb and Emma felt my shudders and knew I was very close. Not wanting me to remove my hold on her, Emma carefully lifted her leg and sat on my hand, trapping my fingers in her. Deb got off my legs and they both helped me to sit up. "Don't let go of me." Emma pleaded, as I raised to my knees. They both bent over, mouths open, and tongues out, ready at the head of my cock, that I was now furiously pumping with my free hand.

"I'm cumming!" I cried out and placed the first jism blast into Emma's open mouth, quickly moving my cock to shoot the next load in Deb's. That's when they came together, each claiming half of my cock head and battled for who could get more cum. Nearly spent, the girls took turns sucking me until they were sure I had nothing left to offer them. I removed my fingers from Emma and she pouted about it for a short while, before telling me to sit down before you fall down! 

I lay down on the rug and the girls put their heads on my stomach. I listened as they talked, giggled and played with my cock and balls. I was spent, exhausted and a very happy camper, and I as drifted off I heard Emma tell Deb, "You guys are awesome. I love your pussy and Mike's cock is just too much. You think I'll be a porn star, Deb?"

"You sure have a capacity for it Emma! You have the looks and the talent, I guess it's up to you, as to how far you want to go, girl." Deb replied. "Hey, let's get big boy here up and go to bed, OK?"

"Great! But one last thing, Deb, do you think tomorrow Mike would help me with anal sex?" Emma asked innocently.
