 Emma arrived to work and sat down at her desk, she turned on her computer and waited for it too load. A male co-worker swaggered past and smiled warmly, she smiled back. Her computer finished loading and she clicked on her in box to check her messages. Five new, all from guys around the office. A woman shuffled past, about ten years older than Emma and twice her weight. She gave a look of disdain before turning up up nose and a huffed and puffed her way to the kitchen. Emma was used to it by now, she had worked for Johnson & Johnson for six months. The men loved her, the women hated her. Why? she didn't know and didn't really care.

Today was a little bit sad, Emma's boss was leaving. She had grown to like him a lot, even though his eyes wondered more often than they should for a married man. He liked to flirt too, the closer it got to his last day the more confident he seem to have become. So far, she had just giggled in a girlie way at his comments, but today was going to be different. She was going to make her bosses day.

"Good morning," he said walking up to her desk, "Will I have the pleasure of your company today at lunch? It is my last day today after all."

"Depends, will anyone else be going?" She teased.

"Oh yes, a few people will be there." 

"Well I will be there then." Emma said, smiling. He smiled back, glanced down at her breasts before walking away with a bounce in his stride. The morning passed quickly, every so often the boss would stroll pasted and wink. Emma thought he was a funny guy. When she first met him, he was so shy that he could hardly even look her in the eye. Over the last 3 months, he had really come out of his shell. Lunch time came and 10 people made there way down to the coach and horses bar, where they passed the next 2 hours playing drinking games. When it came time to return back to the office, the boss had to be helped out of his seat and partly supported all the way back. 

The afternoon seemed to be passing all too quickly, Emma had no intention of doing much with her boss but thought she could give him some sort of going away gift. Perhaps a glimpse at her sexy panties or something. Four thirty PM she noted looking at her watch, oh well, she thought. "Emma," She heard someone say, she turned around to see her boss carrying a box of A4 paper. "Can you help me sort this out in the basement please?"

"Sure." She replied, hiding her smile. They made there way down to the basement and began filing. Ten minutes of silence passed and Emma began to wonder if anything would happen. So far he hadn't said anything flirtatious, not even looked at her breasts as he usually did. 

"Emma, I have enjoyed working with you, your a fun gal," he said shattering the silence, "I'm sure going to miss your skimpy dresses." His faced then went a bright shade of red as what he had just said sunk in. Emma smiled and bit her lower lip, trying to appear as sexy as possible. "Well, I'm really glad you like my dresses."

"I do, very much." His confidence returning.

"What do you like about this outfit?" she asked, again smiling to reassure him.

"Well..." He began.

"Be as honest as you want, I don't mind." She interrupted.

"Really? Well in that case." He coughed and adjusted his tie, "Your top is very tight fitting, I like the way it hugs your body."

"I see, you like the way it shows off my breasts Tim?" She asked, leaning forward slightly. Emma wished her breast were bigger than 34B but they were very perky.

"Oh yes..." He said, brushing sweaty fingers through his hair, "Very much."

"And my skirt, its very soft and fly away." She lifted her dress at the front, rising it high up over her thighs and showing the slightest hint of black knickers. Tim's face sagged.

"What's wrong?" she asked, feigning innocence.

"I just saw your knickers, I mean part of your knickers, I mean I still can." He swallowed hard. Emma used her other hand to grip her dress and lifted it fully over her waist, exposing her black thong and long shapely legs.

"You like?" She asked. He nodded eagerly. She smiled then released her dress, covering herself once more then winked then spun around. Happy last day, she thought. Everything had gone perfectly to plan. His hands slid slowly around her waist, Emma stopped what she was doing, her gaze drifted down her body to where he gently rubbed her flat stomach. 

"This is the first time I have ever touched another woman, other than my wife. Who I might add, was a my childhood sweet heart, my first and my only." His voice soft. Emma didn't reply, his hands moved slowly upwards, till his thumbs brushed against the underside of her breasts. Emma looked around nervously, they were the only people here. After no resistance from her and confusing her hesitation with encouragement, he moved his hands to cup each breast.

"Oh Emma," he said breathlessly, "Your so beautiful." He squeezed her breasts slightly and moaned softly into her ear. He stepped closer to her, his hard cock pressing against her arse. Emma felt his cock pushing against her, he seemed pretty big, considering he was quite a short and skinny guy. His hands were all over her breasts, squeezing, pushing them together, apart, lifting them, like he had never touched any before. Even though he was clumsy in his touching, she was becoming turned on by what was happening. Unable to control her passion, she reached behind her and gripped his throbbing cock through his trousers.

"Emma," he moaned, pushing himself against her hand. He reached up and slipped the straps off her shoulders, then tugged downwards exposing her black lacy bra. His hands returned to her breasts, feeling around the outlines of her bra, across the soft flesh. Emma continued to squeeze his hard cock, moving her hand up and down when possible. She looked down at his hands as they slid over her bra, his fingers trying to get inside, desperate to feel more soft flesh. She removed her hand and reached behind her back, then un clipped the bra. His hands moved quickly to cover her exposed breasts, he moaned into her ear and grinded himself hard against her firm butt.

Why do I get myself into these situations? she thought. She was very turned on now, her pussy ached to be touched, her whole body tingled with desire.

Why? Because men like sex, she thought. His fingers pinched her nipples gently and she moaned. Why? Because I like sex. She leaned forward, slipping from his grasp and lifted her dress over her waist, then laid across the desk. She heard him gasp as the thong slid slowly over her thighs before falling to her feet. She stepped out of it and parted her legs slightly and waited. 

"Emma, I'm married." He said, his voice shaky.

"When was the last time you had 18 year old pussy around that big cock of yours?" Emma asked, wiggling her arse at him. She heard him groan, and the sound of a belt buckle and zip being undone. His trousers fell to his feet and he stepped in close behind her, Emma braced herself, normally she would be fingered before being fucked but she felt wet enough for his cock to slide in without to much trouble. 

"Emma, I have dreamed of this. You are so sexy, but..." he stammered.

"No buts Tim," Emma said, frustrated, "Fuck me now, I mean it." She felt his cock slide over her pussy before coming to rest in between her puffy juicy lips. He pushed, she felt her vagina stretch as his head slipped inside. He was surprised by her tightness and how slick her pussy was. He gripped Emma's hips tightly and pushed in slowly, moaning with every inch.

"Damn your tight Emma, are you a virgin?" he panted. She had heard it all before, she pushed back and impaled herself more fully onto his hard cock. He slid out and pushed back in again, slowly, sinking in slightly deeper.

"That wasn't so bad was it?" Emma said, trying to look over her shoulder back at Tim. He pushed in again, sinking deeper than any one had ever been.

"Tim, how big are you actually?" she asked breathlessly, his cock twitched inside her, sending shivers through her body.

"Seven and a half inches," he said with pride. He pushed in again, finally sinking to the balls. They groaned together again, "Emma, you took the lot." He started moving in and out, watching his wet cock disappear into her and felt her tremble each time he pushed all the way in. Slowly at first, but quickly increased his pace. Emma groaned loudly each time his cock thudded into her. 

"Your so wet Emma. I can feel it, see it, hear it." He thrusted in extra hard, aroused by his own words. She felt his hands grip her hard around the waist, the fucking became frantic. He gasped and moaned loudly with each thrust, she knew he was about to cum. 

"Arrrrgggghhhh." he shouted, pulling out. He spun Emma around and before she knew what was happening, pushed his pussy soaked cock between her lips and deep into her mouth, cum splattered the back of her throat. She swallowed hard, spurt after spurt of hot cum soaked her. A few seconds later, he slipped his spent cock from her mouth and leaned heavily against a filling cabinet, panting hard. 

"Emma, sorry about that." He said, trying to catch his breath, "My wife would never go down on me, I have always wanted to know what it felt like and thought this would be my only chance."

"That's Ok," Emma replied. She had been shocked by it, but the intensity of it excited her beyond belief. "Well, I had better be getting home, its after five O'clock." She said, pulling her thong up, re-adjusted her top.

"That was wonderful." she said sincerely, "Have a great last day, and take care of yourself." She kissed him on the cheek, then left, while he stood there, trousers around his ankles.