 "Ms. Winter! Shit! You scared the crap outta me. What are you doing here!"

"Sorry for the fright Professor Lewrie. Your very delightful wife let me in. I said I had a meeting with you to discuss my senior thesis defence. She said she had to run out — work emergency — but to make myself comfortable in the living room. Then, I heard the shower so I thought I'd surprise you." She giggled.

"Ms Winter! This is completely inappropriate. Ambushing me at home like this. In my bedroom, no less!" Jack said, as he checked the towel wrapped around his waist. "You have to go now, please. We can discuss whatever you want to talk about during office hours."

Emma Winter was one of Jack's senior year students. The senior year course she was enrolled in was intended for candidates seeking entry to the master's program. Students had to clear this hurdle if they wanted to get into the MA program.

Emma first caught Jack's eye back in September, when she strode confidently and sensually into his class with a short skirt, high heels, and a beaming smile. As she moved to her seat, Jack noted she was very subtly tanned, almost as if her skin glowed. Complementing her shapely figure and face, her blond hair was cut short, boy-styled, which accentuated her looks. As her blue-grey eyes caught his gaze, Jack thought they were truly like diamonds, as in the song, sparkling and bright. 

Noting his attention, Emma's full lips broke into a knowing smile.

Jack was struck by how direct her gaze was when he first saw her. Unlike most of his students both female and male, she looked directly at him and when he met her gaze, he was the first to break.

Jack thought Emma may have been in her mid-twenties. He never did get satisfaction on that question. Not that is mattered. She was a striking woman. Literally, drop dead gorgeous and Jack was thrilled to have this goddess in his class.

Through the semester Emma assumed the same seat in every class. This was not unusual, except for the fact that in the theatre-style seating of the class, her seat positioned her knees directly in front of Jack's normal sightline. By various subterfuges, such as placing her feet or coat on the chair in front of her, Emma more or less assured that Jack had a clear view of her legs and the treasure within.

Jack's attention was further secured by Emma's standard attire. Typically, Emma wore a crisp white blouse which was open several buttons. This allowed Emma to properly display her seemingly endless collection of necklaces whose jewels and baubles seemed to nestle quite comfortably just above her cleavage. Of course, the ultimate bright light for Jack was always when Emma decided to cross and recross her legs in classic Sharon Stone mode — slowly, confidently and looking directly at him.

And so it was until that fateful morning...

To her credit, Emma was dressed in a very professional business ensemble. Her outfit was probably what disarmed his wife. Grey mid-thigh skirt, high-waist with a white long sleeved tailored blouse. How well tailored was disguised by her jacket. Emma also wore glasses. The Ms. Winter that Jack knew didn't wear glasses. Nonetheless, they gave her an appropriately studious, almost innocent look. Modest black pumps with black stockings completed the outfit. 

It suddenly struck Jack, that this was the outfit — minus the glasses — that she wore when she defended her Master's thesis last week. A performance that, unfortunately did not go well for Emma.

"I thought I'd present a new oral argument for my thesis Professor Lewrie. I really need an A to get into the master's program." She stood up and moved toward him, "So, why don't you have a seat while I make my very much improved presentation."

She directed him to the bed and pushed him back. Jack tried to get up. She pushed him back down. "Stay! Professor I need you pay attention please." Satisfied that he would stay, she moved backward. As she moved, she unbuttoned and removed her jacket.

"What are you doing?"

"Slipping into something a little more comfortable, she said with a smile"

Jack made a move to get up, Emma pushed him back.

"Stay! Please professor. Hear me out. Relax, you'll enjoy this presentation."

She turned to her side and slowly undid the side zip on her skirt and then began to slowly peel it over her hips. Jack was now enthralled by the slow sensual movement. She smiled at Jack, the glint in her eyes signalled she knew she was having the desired effect as she licked her lips in that way only women can. The skirt fell, pooling about her feet. Now Jack was looking at his very attractive student striding slowly toward him looking more like a Victoria Secret angel than a master's candidate.

As she moved to him with a sensual sashay of her hips, she unbuttoned the remaining buttons on her blouse and slowly peeled it back, the blouse fell behind her. Her eyes were locked on Jack's. She stopped just before him so he could take in the full effect of her lingerie ensemble — the matching lace bra and panties, garter belt and stockings. When she was sitting in his lectures, occasionally flashing him glimpses of her panties, he thought she was hot. Here she was smouldering.

"Ms Winter." Jack stammered, "Seriously. Before you do something you might regret and much as I'd love to partake in your scheme, there are two other professors on the panel. We all have to agree. As for the A. I don't see that happening."

"Shush!" she commanded, "Three important points you should be aware of Dr. Lewrie. First, for your info, the other evaluators have already reevaluated my presentation and submitted their revised scores: All A." 

Sensing my skepticism, Emma elaborated, "Old Doc Johnson was only too delighted to bend me over his desk and fuck me from behind as soon as I flashed my pussy. The good doctor was kind enough to blow his wad in my pussy five minutes after I dropped my panties. Fortunately, I'd booked a meeting with Dr. Lambert immediately following. Dr. Lambert, or should I say Brandy, was also only too delighted to eat Professor Johnson's cream pie offering as she savoured my cunt while I finger fucked her pussy and spanked her delicious ass to multiple orgasms. It appears she's kinky that way. So there; I just need you, Dr. Lewrie to make it a threesome, sorry, an unanimous A+. Second point. I've never regretted fucking anyone. Ever. Finally. Please call me Emma: It's what all my fuck buddies call me." With that she smiled, "Whatda ya say?"

"Fuck me," Jack thought, "if Johnson and Lambert got their piece of the wonderful ass, who was he to judge." As he mulled the case, Emma reached behind her back to undo her bra and revealed her exquisite breasts. Smiling again, she said, "Let me introduce you to the girls, my support team." She cupped her fantastic breasts, tweaking her nipples, hard.

Jack was now mush. "Fuckit" he thought.

"So now that we've established the ground rules and that I've got your attention with my opening statement, professor, I'd like to begin with my proof."

Emma now mounted Lewrie's legs and sat on his lap. She smelled wonderful. Jack could now feel the heat of her panty covered vulva press up against his cock.

"Uh, oh! I think the professor has a boner." She giggled, "Normally, I would think that was completely inappropriate but I think I'll make an exception in this case." Her nipples were already like rocks but she pulled on them again before leaning and kissing him deeply. Breaking the kiss, "Just so you know, I love having my nipples sucked. Hard," she whispered hotly in Jack's ear.

She pushed him flat on the bed and again kissed him hard, while at the same time she ground her cunt even harder against Jack's still towel-covered cock. "Hmmm. I love that feeling. Don't pop too soon prof," she giggled, "You need to endure my revised oral arguments which I'm totally sure you're going to like much better."

Emma slid down Jack's body, stopping at his breasts, licking, sucking and biting softly, looking up to gauge his reaction. She didn't linger and continued her sojourn lower, kissing as she moved along, finally arriving at "the problem."

"Time for the big reveal" she said and pulled off his towel.

"Hmmm. Yep. Doctor just so you know this is definitely a boner." she giggled. "Nice cock you've got there, Professor. I can see why Mrs Lewrie left with a smile on her face this morning." Emma looked up at him catching his eyes as she gently took Jack's cock in her mouth. She slowly sucked and teased on Jack's cock head gazing up on him. "You probably didn't know this about me professor." breaking the lock on his cock, "Actually, I'm pretty sure you don't," She giggled, "but I happen to be a fantastic cock sucker. You might say that after this session you will be convinced I deserve a doctorate of cock sucking. Magnum Cum Load, in addition to admission to my masters program." Emma now was gently kissing and tonguing Jack's glans and sensitive frenulum. Breaking away and inhaling, she tested it's scent. "Hmmm. I love the taste and smell of a fresh clean cock."

She continued to work her tongue over the head and around the shaft. Alternating between licks and hard sucks and tongue flutters. Jack could feel himself stiffen further as a result of her efforts. Fuck, it felt wonderful.

She pulled it from her mouth and gazed up at him, smiling, she squeezed the shaft from base to tip, revealing some precum. "OH! Look! Man sauce. Hmmm precum makes the best lip gloss, don't you think," and she smeared it over her lips. "See! " and then leaned in to kiss him. "OMG I just tasted my own precum! " Jack thought, "Not so bad."

Now wrapping her mouth completely around his cock she eased down the shaft, humming as she took all of him in deep in her throat. Jack had never experienced that before. Sliding her mouth up and down the shaft, she got it wet and began swirling her tongue around in an alternating counterclockwise, clockwise motion. She rotated between swirling it around in her mouth and applying firm suction as she slid her mouth up and down the length of his shaft. The sensations caused literal fireworks to explode in his brain. Jack thought, "Fuck. This is amazing!" 

Emma seemed completely lost in the moment of wanting nothing more than to bring him pleasure. Jack gripped her head and guided her as she worked up and down his cock. From the glint in her eyes, she knew that the "A" was now a done deal. Jack was approaching his precipice.

Then, suddenly, she broke contact. "Oh, Professor Lewrie. While your cock is so delicious, I really need you to lick my pussy now so I can catch up, OK?" Staring into his soul with her blue grey eyes, Emma commanded: "I need you to eat me. Now."

She dodged sideways to remove her panties, pealing them quickly from her long legs. "Oh look Jack, see how wet you've made me." Pulling them free of her legs, she brought them to his nose so he could savour their scent. "I just knew you were into this kinky shit, Professor."

Without waiting for an answer, Emma moved quicker this time as she kissed her way up from his cock and moved to straddle Jack's face. She lowered her sopping vulva to Jack's hungry mouth. Jack lapped at her labia like starved maniac, he nuzzled his nose against her clit and let out a hot breath and moan making her shiver. In response, Emma, ground her pussy harder against his face.

"Oh professor, fuck yes..." She groaned. 

Jack lapped, nibbled and sucked at her sweet succulence. Cupping her ass in his hands, her sweet pussy juice soaked his beard. He locked eyes with her once more as he dove again between her legs and shucked her sweet oyster.

Her breathing heavy came now is short gasps, Emma pulled and cupped her breasts then pulled harder on Jack's head as he ran his tongue top to taint against her deliciously sweet pussy. He swirled, tugged and sucked her clit with his mouth. As pressure mounted on her orgasm, she tilted her head back, gasping. Spurred on by her cries and pants Jack sucked harder on her pussy, continuing to tongue her full lips and taunt her hard pearl with his mouth."

"OHhh fuck, Professor, I love how you eat me, you delicious fuck! Fuck. Fuck, Yes. Yes. That's it, that's it baby, eat me. Suck my pussy lips! Suck my clit." She grabbed her breasts and pressed her pussy even harder against Jack's mouth "Uhhhhhh, FUCK!! Oh yes! Yes! Yesssss" 

Now Jack was drowning in her orgasm as a flood of girl cum erupted. "Oh my god. Oh my god. OH Fucckkkkk" she cried.

Emma released Jack's head, collapsing off to the side, smiling. Her chest heaved as she strained to catch her breath,

His mouth and beard, soaked with her juice, Jack moved up her body, and arriving at her heaving chest. He teased her hard nipples lightly, despite his near drowning experience he was intent on keeping her passion up. He'd replaced his tongue in her pussy with his thick index finger which he sunk into her hot wet hole like a hot knife to butter. Slowing the tempo of their passion, Jack sought the rough spot just inside her lips. One finger was replaced easily by two. Emma trapped his hand suddenly and clamped hard.

Jack dragged his tongue up her neck, past her throbbing neck veins to her ear and whispered, "Cum for me. Cum for me, again".

"Oh fuck baby, I'm so gonna cum again if you keep playing with that."

She gasped and came again to trembling orgasm that made her scream out once again and flood his fingers caught inside her.

Breathlessly, Emma turned to him smiling. Licking her girl cum off his beard and face, "Hmmm, Dr. Lewrie, I have to say you are probably one of the best pussy lickers I've ever experienced. Now. Let's see how good you fuck."

She drove her tongue in his mouth and grabbed his cock. "Oh dear. We better get this cock harder if you're gonna fuck me." Again, she kissed her way down Jack's wracked body and swirled up his cock in her mouth. Exhausted as he was it didn't take long for him to respond as Emma continued to slurp and cup his balls. Soon enough, he was engorged.

"That's my boy," Emma smirked as she looked up at Jack. "I need this cock in my cunt. Now!"

She'd disconnected from him and moved to present her glistening gaping fuck hole from an all fours position. Looking back, smirking, "I love to fuck doggy style. Come on, Professor, fuck me like you wanted to fuck wifey all those years ago. I can be the dirty little whore of your dreams but I want your hot cock in me now!"

Possessed, Jack touched his cock head to her pussy sliding it along her cunt lips, getting it lubed with her juices. Finding her opening, he shoved it in all the way in one urgent thrust. Immediately he was seared by her passion.

Emma cried out more from surprise than anything. "That's it, big boy." Then, she started pushing her ass back to meet Jack's thrusting hips. 

Her pussy was surprisingly tight and felt so good, Jack thought. Jack began slowly, savouring her warmth with each stroke, but his rhythm was disrupted with her pace.

Suddenly, she pulled away, "Sorry Jack, but I need to be really fucked. Hard."

Pushing him to his back and grabbing his cock tightly, she guided it again into her swollen pussy as she straddled him cow girl. Once fully seated and satisfied with the fit she then began to ride him like a wave, grinding her mons into his pelvis. As she increased the pace Jack reached up and started to pinch her hard nipples, "Oh, yeah, pinch my nipples, Professor, pinch them harder, make it hurt, please," she begged. Her head was cocked back, mouth full agape as she sucked in breath. Her chest flushed and her eyes rolled as she ground harder against him.

Jack's cock felt harder and bigger than it had in years and he kept trying to shove it even deeper into her hot throbbing pussy while he roughly handled her breasts and pinched her nipples as hard as he could.

Sensing Jack's shortening breath, she broke from her reverie just as he was getting ready to cum and said, "No, please, Jack, don't cum in me, I want to suck you off!"

Emma pulled off Jacks cock, tendrils of her cunt juice dripped from his cock. Quickly she replaced the hotness of her quim with her mouth. Jack grabbed her hair and started madly fucking her mouth just like she had done with her pussy. It didn't take long before he started to explode in her mouth. Emma pulled away and allowed ropes of land on her face and neck. "Yes, baby, that's it cum all over me. Make me your dirty little cumslut."

Spurt after spurt Jack's hot spunk shot into her face and mouth. He'd cum so hard he was pretty sure he actually might have torn some pelvic muscles. Finally drained every muscle in his body collapsed. 

Giggling, Emma scraped the facial spurts into her mouth and savoured Jack's load. He pulled her up and hugged her tightly. They tongue kissed deeply, savouring their mingled flavours. Emma rubbed her nipples against his chest and toyed playfully with his slippery cock which started to stiffen again.

"Wow Professor, I just knew you'd be a hot fuck. So can I count on that A Huh? Perhaps, I can apply to work under you when I join the masters program. " She smiled. "Hey? You wanna try for an A+?"

Downstairs, Jack's wife called, "Jack, You still home? Have you seen Miss Winter?"