 My girlfriend had told me that her 5 year relationship before us became fairly dry and sexless. Who wouldn't please her! She said that her ex was always "tired" or "not feeling well". 

I asked her what she would do to satisfy herself during these times - she had a shy, yet surprisingly sexy smirk on her face. She said she would masturbate. "Of course you did!" I exclaimed - but I wanted details. I was immediately getting hard, thinking about her touching herself. What did it look like? A vibrator? A rabbit? A dildo? 

My boner couldn't think past this - so I asked her to show me what she did. She was hesitant, so I pressed against her leg to let her know how much this was turning me on. She started grinding on me a little bit - she loved grinding her pussy on my quad for some reason. 

I told her I loved the image of her pleasing herself, and how I could never imagine not pleasing her when she was in need - and how her ex was an idiot! This fueled the courage she was needing. She started rubbing her first two fingers over where her clit was over her workout pants. 

I made it clear to her how much I not only enjoyed this, but loved seeing her in control of her own pleasure. While watching her, I stayed close, lightly gliding my boner on the side of her ass, while kissing her neck and ear. I made sure to keep my eyes open - I couldn't miss this beautiful woman taking charge.

She asked me to take off her workout pants for her...no underwear - WOW! It took everything not to fuck her right there - this was her moment. I didn't want to do the typical man thing, and take charge (for once).

Using her first two fingers, she was circling on her clit, extremely lightly. This was an amazing learning opportunity for me, I never touched with such lightness. She moved her fingers into her pussy, just a little bit, to lubricate her fingers. I could see them gliding on her clit now. Holy shit, this was one of the sexiest things I've ever seen.

She wrapped her hand around the back of my neck, pulling me in to kiss her, with so much passion. I could feel a new layer of confidence bursting from her body. She was simultaneously touching her clit, while grinding her hips into my boner. She was still touching her clit with hardly any effort. It was amazing to see how much this still turned her on - I had no idea women liked it light!

I could feel myself about to cum while gliding my boner through my jeans against her hip, so I pulled off - I didn't want to steal her show. She told me to unzip my jeans, and give her my dick. She never directed me like this, it was so fucking sexy. By this point, she was moaning with so much wild passion. She couldn't fully focus on my dick, so she was just holding it - I told her to focus on her clit. 

This sent her over the edge - being told to focus on herself. I allowed myself to fuck her hand while she screamed in climax. She was shaking and told me that she wanted penetration - so she immediately sat on my penis. OH MY GOD, she was so wet. She continued fucking me. She said she loved the combination of a clitoris climax, followed by penetration. 

I squeezed her ass so fucking hard as she was still in control of our motion together. We were fucking with so much intensity and speed - I couldn't help but to give her the smallest spank. She moaned with so much pleasure, and told me to do it again. So I did, again, and again, and again....and with a little more strength each time, as her moans turned into screams of pleasure. 

She yelled that she was going to cum again, so I gripped her ass and felt completely united with her as I pulled her as close to me as I could, and started to cum with her. We both were yelling with so much pleasure and ferocity. 

She said that was the most empowering sex she had ever experienced. She continued in her confidence, and gave me her nipples to suck on as she laid on me with complete satisfaction. I learned that she also liked this to be done lightly.

Wow, I'll definitely be doing that again with her - it was like having porn live, but way WAY better with the realness of being with my love.