 The music pounded out from the speakers as I walked in to the club. My head already soft and venerable from the drinks I had already consumed in the pub before, not used to drinking often, the two drinks had relaxed me and most shockingly for me, made me feel horny and needy. I was just thinking that it was a pity there was nobody to help me with that particular need.

The club was loud, and smoky from the smoke machine pumping out each side of the large speaker stacks. Joe, my friend Rachael's boyfriend placed his hand on the small of my back to get my attention 'Drink' he asked, silently over the music. I nodded, he knew what I drank, there was no need to specify what I wanted.

I looked around at the clientele of the place, some painfully skinny girls in too few clothes, bigger girls, the ones with breasts, with tightly laced Basques, a lot of black and red and sage green, stripes and fishnet. The boys mainly tall and skinny in swaths of black, big boots making them taller than they were, probably why there didn't seem to be any short boys in here. Boys with long hair, boys with wild spikes, boys with 'Emo' hair all over their face.

The dancing took me, I dance longer and harder than any of my friends, they take it in turns to be with me on the dance floor as I don't feel the tiredness hit me while the music flows through me.

The great thing about clubs like this were you tend to jump about, dancing madly and finding yourself dancing with complete strangers, not noticing who your dancing with in the haze of hot sweaty bodies, alcohol and the dry ice.

I look around to find out where Rachael, Joe and the rest are, Rachel and Joe are pinned against a nearby pillar making out, I find most of the others in couples and groups around the room. I step back and feel a pair of hands steady me as I trip backwards not expecting anybody to be there. I turn, a tall, very thin boy, a cool, not quite smile on a handsome, but oh, too young face. 

"Thanks," I say and step forward in to the crowded dance floor again.

I can't help it though; I have to look at him. He doesn't seem out of place in the room, but his beauty shines through. He's about 20, dark eyes, eyeliner helping, a tiny, old Nirvana t shirt, tight black jeans on thin, firm legs, legs like he could run a mile but not a marathon, and the usual accessories, studded belt, sweat band, leather thong necklace, black nail varnish, lip stud, a small stretch in his ear lobe. I take him in as I dance, subconsciously my moves turning more and more sensual.

He keeps looking, because I fell in to him? I don't know. I am older than him but not bad looking, not as thin as these tiny girls around me no, more voluptuous and curvaceous, large breasts, full and round in their balconette bra, clearly on view as I move from my low cut top, cutting in to a tiny waist and then larger hips. A filmstar figure ex boyfriends have called it.

I move towards him, slowly, dancing with friends and strangers on the way, pressing myself up against them, but getting turned on as I watch him and feel his eyes on me. 

He notices me eventually, notices that I am moving back over towards him, that my eyes can't leave him, and he gives another little half smile, the one side of his mouth turning up, and his eyes lock on mine, he watches me, barely moving except to sip at the bottle of beer in his hand, and a slight nod of his head in time to the music.

Finally I am up against him, still dancing to the deep rock beat. He nods, a half hello, a half agreement that it's ok. I wrap my arms around his neck, pulling myself closer to him, I can feel his hip bones protrude in his jeans and suddenly I can picture them, I can almost feel myself kissing the soft white skin all around them, his flat belly, his now twitching cock, these jeans give everything away. I gasp at the sudden thought and he takes the opportunity to reach out and grasp my head pulling my face towards his.

I taste, he tastes of beer and Italian food, basil and tomato, with a hint of peppermint like he had chewed gum, but it's nice. He feels soft, clean shaven and smooth, and his lip eagerly kiss mine sending shivers all over my body. I run my hand through his hair, soft and just to his shoulders, I love touching a mans hair, and as I do this he drops his lips to my neck and shoulders, and I feel the electric running down through my body centring a mini explosion on my clit.

My hands run down his back, to his tight bum, and I grasp it in both hands, it's tight and I need it gently and in return he licks the entire length of my neck from collar bone to chin. I pull back slightly to communicate over the loud club, touching his face to get his attention and pointing to a very dark corner.

We move, I lead and he follows having grasped my hand, and I lead him in to the darkness and then he pushes me against the wall. This time his arm is between us, and his hand sliding in to my top, cupping my right breast, sliding his hand under the red lace and black silk to stroke my large hardening nipples. I kiss his neck, biting and nibbling softly, not to leave a mark, and he reacts, pinching harder as he enjoys it more, his other hand squeezing my butt, pulling me tighter and tighter until I almost come off my feet. 

Quite suddenly he moves his hand and grabs mine, pulling it down to his jeans, his crotch, and his bulge. I can feel his jeans strain, hugely, painfully is all I can assume. I pull at his zip, watching his face, conscious of every move encase he's not comfortable with this. I don't even know if I am comfortable, it's not as if I've done this before, but he is so beautiful, and is making me feel so wonderful, so sexy, so horny.

His cock springs out with little trouble, long and thin, much like him I suppose. He's cut and as I peak down I see a little precum glistening with the multicoloured lights from behind us. I hold it, hiding it slightly from anyone who may come near us, stroking it, pulling it gently.

I feel the slightest draft around my legs as he pulls up my long skirt, his hands are fast moving and it shocks me as I feel his fingers hook themselves inside my knickers in one swift movement. He touches my clit and my knees go as I get tiny explosions all over me. I stroke the head of his cock, using his precum to stroke over the top of his head, and his fingers gently circle my clit making me moan so loudly that he would be able to hear me despite the deafening music. His fingers slip inside me easily as I am so turned on, my girl cum sliding over and down his fingers, and as divine as they are I know I want his cock so much more.

He withdraws his fingers from inside me and although I feel cold and abandoned at first, I suddenly taste my own cum as our tongues entwine around his fingers positively dripping with my cum and it tastes so sweet and tangy. It's his turn to lead the way and this time he's headed towards the toilets, dragging me in to a cubicle.

I seconds I am up against the wall and his cock is back out of his jeans, he tugs at my skirt lifting it, with a urgency I hadn't felt from him before, I help him, wanting him with the same urgency. I prop my leg up on the loo seat, spreading as wide as I can and he hooks his hand under me and lifts me slightly so I am an even height with him. I feel his cock, hard, warm and moist with come pushing against my panties and I hook them out of the way so he can enter me.

He fills me up; it's so satisfying to suddenly have the full force of this boy's want up against me, filling me so satisfyingly. I can hear him in here, his breathing fast, with a slight grunt with each thrust. With each push his pelvic bone rubs against my clit and my G spot is wonderfully stimulated by his magnificent cock, and I throw my head back, while he kisses down my neck and wonder if this really is the best screw I have ever had.

I wrap myself around him, feel his wonderful so sexy body up against mine, only a few millimetres of cloth between out top half, and our lower halves entwined in passion. I feel my orgasm building up and I untangle my hand from his hair so's not to hurt him, twisting them in his t shirt instead. When it comes it hits every inch o my body, not like one made with my own hands, or toys at home, but made with all this lust, and passion pouring out of me. Seconds after finishing trembling under him and whisper "Jesus Christ", he shudders, and slows yet deepens in his thrusts and I feel the pulsating deep in me.

He slowly withdraws staring now deep in to my eyes, and then kisses me deeply while I feel him putting away his cock and helping me lower my skirt.

With another slight nod he takes my hand, I follow him back in to the dark smoky atmosphere of the club once again, and this time he dances with me, keeping me pulled tight to him.

I realize I don't even know his name, but somehow I know this might be a very long night.