 He came to me with empty hands. They wouldn't stay that way. Colin was my karate instructor. He was a sixth degree black belt. But that wasn't all I noticed. He had a commanding voice that made me want to do anything he asked of me. His hair was dark with some gray through it. That, along with his steel-blue eyes, made him a very attractive person from whom to take orders. He always wore a short sleeved shirt instead of the Gi top which made it possible to see his huge arms. He seemed to be solid muscle the whole way down but his loose Gi pants prevented me from seeing anything else. I spent several weeks desperate to please him. I did crunches and push-ups until my body ached. I would practice at home only to forget the technique in class every time I felt his eyes move in my direction. And I blocked until my arms were covered in bruises. I wanted so much to earn his approval. Then one tragic moment in my life and his tenderness sparked my longing to earn his attention as well.

I was seeing my boyfriend at the time, Andrew. When I went to check on him in my office where he was studying for his psychology class, I found him rather angry for no reason whatsoever. I stepped in to put my mail on my desk when he grabbed it and ripped it up.

"Andrew, why did you do that? How would you like it if I ripped up something of yours?" I had my finger on his notebook. That's it. I wasn't intending anything. But his eyes gave me a look that sent fear down my spine. He got up in a second, put his hands on my shoulders and threw me against the wall. My heel dented the drywall. In that instant, I moved to free myself from his next blow. He reached out and grabbed my throat. He was so big and so strong. My limited training seemed to be no help. Every time I tried to remove his hand, he just blocked my efforts. Finally, when it was over and he released me, he retreated to our bed. My arms were bruised from his blows. My throat was sore where he grabbed me. My ankle was hurt where it had been buried into the wall. I sat in my living room crying. I called the only man I trusted at that moment. I called Colin.

The phone rang and he answered, "Hello?"

"Mr. Parker? This is Tiffany. I'm sorry to bother you with this but I didn't know who else to call."

"No, it's okay Tiffany. What is it?"

"Tonight, Andrew," I paused trying to check my tears before they started to fall again. "He grabbed me. He was so mad. I don't know what I did. He threw me against the wall and then..."

"Tiffany, are you all right? Is he still there."

"He's here. I don't know what to do." I could hear the bedroom door open. "I got to go, he's coming out of the room." I went into the office and locked the door.

"I'm on my way over." Colin said just before he hung up. 

I could hear Andrew at the door. I didn't know what he might do to me but I wasn't opening that door. "Tiffany open up."

"No. Just go away."

"Open up or this is coming down." 

"Go away!" I screamed. But I could hear him banging on the door. It began to shake as he pounded. Next thing I knew, it burst open. He stood there in front of me. I was terrified. He began to scream at me.

"Get out of here. These are my things and I don't want you messing them up!" He grabbed me by my wrists and pulled me from the chair. His fingers dug into my flesh. I tried to pull away but could not. He just clamped them tighter. Out of no where a hand grabbed the back of Andrew. It was Colin.

"Leave her alone!" He yelled as he freed me from my abuser. He was amazing. He looked at my crying eyes and the bruises on my arms. "My God, Tiffany. Stay here." He said as he softly touched my cheek. Andrew was backing away from him as Colin turned to him. 

"She came at me, Colin. I was just defending myself."

"Really? Than why is she the one with bruises? Real men don't hurt women. You want to hurt someone? Hurt me." He said as he walked towards my attacker. He stepped forward with a roundhouse punch to Andrew's jaw. From that moment on, it was a lecture and a beating all in one. Colin through him against the wall, "If you ever lay one hand on her again, you'll regret it for the rest of your life." Andrew tried to push him off. But Colin kneed him square in the groin and elbowed him in the face on his way down. 

Colin backed off for a moment until Andrew tried to punch him. Colin blocked it and then punched him again followed by a spinning back kick to the stomach. "You get the hell out of here and don't ever come back." He picked him up and dragged him to the door where a policeman was waiting for him. "He's all yours now. Sorry he didn't come quietly." 

"That's all right, Mr. Parker. I'll see you in class Tuesday." Apparently the cop was one of Colin's students in a higher belt class. He came in and took my statement before arresting Andrew. 

After they left, Colin came in to me. "You're safe now, Tiffany. Now let's get you to the hospital."

"No, I'm fine." I said as I tried to get up.

No you're not. You should be checked out just to be sure."

Mr. Parker?" I said as we walked to the door.

"Yes?"

"I'm sorry."

"What are you sorry for?"

"I'm sorry I wasn't a better student. If I was, I could have stopped him. I should have been able to stop him." I started to cry. 

"Oh Tiffany, it's not your fault. You're just beginning to learn." He said as he pulled me to his chest. We got into the car and drove to the hospital. Except for bruises, I was fine. But Colin slept on my couch that night so I could feel safe enough to fall asleep.

In the weeks that followed, Colin was more than just an instructor. His door was always open when I felt overwhelmed by the pending court case. He was the same during class. But this time when he said "Down" for every push-up, the tone reverberated throughout my body. I began to see him as not just an instructor who was attractive. I welcomed his commands during class. But dominating me on the classroom was not enough. I needed him to dominate me in the bedroom as well.

Thursday's class was particularly tough. In the middle of a hundred push-ups, I hear the crack of a whip. Instantly my eyes gaze upward to see him wielding the whip in the middle of the classroom. The image was enough to entrance me. I lost my place. I forgot where I was. And I forgot what I was doing. As I felt the whip hit my ass, I could feel my body become hot and my pussy become wet. I was there in the middle of the classroom and all I could do is think of jumping this man. That's no way to learn karate. We went onto wall stretches. Of course he takes me to stretch. Standing up against the wall with him holding me and pulling my legs apart was almost unbearable. I wanted to kiss him. I wanted to wrap my legs around him. But we were in a room full of people who could never know what I feel for him. I went home frustrated and alone.

Saturday afternoon brought rain and solitude. Days like these are perfect for writing. As I wrote, I heard a knock on the door. I opened it to find Colin. As I said earlier, he had nothing with him. I was surprised to see him. "Oh, Hello Mr. Parker. Is there something I can do for you?"

"Come on, Tiffany, stop calling me that. Have you checked your bag?" I realized I had not. "Go check it now." I did as he asked. He followed me into the apartment. As I opened my bag, I found the whip he had been using in class. 

"I swear I don't know how that got in there, Mr. Parker?" I was shocked. 

He just smiled. "I know. I put it in there, Tiffany. I couldn't help but notice..."

"I'm sorry. I know you're married."

"I don't care about that at this moment." And then he just leaned over and wrapped those incredible arms that I've been dreaming about around me. His lips softly touched mine for a moment as if not to alarm me. But I wasn't looking for soft kisses from him and he knew it. Instantly, his kiss became more determined. His hands started to pull at my skirt and search my inner thigh as he followed the path to my wet pussy. 

Holding me with one hand as he teased me with the other, I bent to his desires. His lips kissed my neck. His fingers massaged my clitoris ever so lightly until I could feel the orgasm being conjured from deep within me. Like a crescendo of pleasure, I came and then fell back in his arms. From that moment on I was his. I would trust my body to him completely. I needed that strength. I needed that kind of power over me. And I trusted only him to take it. He grabbed the whip off the table next to us and carried me back to the bedroom.

He dropped me on the bed and pulled off my clothes. I didn't say a word to him. I just kept looking into his eyes and gazing down at that whip. I bit my lip in anticipation. He kissed me said, "Tiffany, are you sure you want this?" I just nodded. I wanted to please him still even in this room... especially in this room. The cuffs to bind me to the bed were already fastened. He turned me on my stomach. I struggled a bit so he would have to use his full strength on me. I wanted to feel him hold me down. I wanted him to use all the wonderful knowledge in his head and body on me. It's what I've been fantasizing about for weeks. The wrists were done. His lips kissed a path to my neck. Next he pinned down each leg and bound them as well. His mouth and hands followed the same path upwards. He was careful to cover my back in kisses and caresses. Then he stepped back and let the tail of the whip unfurl.

I looked up to see him. I hoped my eyes could tell him what my voice could not. But before I could check his expression for confirmation, his hand raised and whip hit my back just between the shoulder blades. I jumped a little and bit my lip as a slight cry escaped me. I could feel the vibrations from the blow travel to my fingertips. I grinned as I prepared myself for the next blow. There was a pause and then the tail hit my waist. This one was more painful. But the pain was like a tease. It travelled throughout my body until I squirmed on the bed waiting for the next. I looked up to see him pull back and the whip crack. It hit my ass with greater force than the other two. So much so that I had to let out a scream. The vibrations traveled all through me. My pussy became wet instantly. And as he slid the leather from my skin, my body pulled inward as my muscles became tense. I came right there in front of him before he lay one hand on me.

As I came back down from my orgasm, my legs were released. As I felt his hand slide up my inner leg to my pussy, I could feel his nakedness on top of me. "You came, didn't you?" He asked as his fingers slipped inside me. I just nodded again. "You are not done yet." His hands slid further up my body. He was careful of the bruises he had just left. But as he released my right wrist, I could feel his hard cock just between my legs pressing against me. I started to squirm underneath him. "Not yet, Tiffany." He released my other wrist as well but only long enough to turn me on my back and bind them again. 

Kneeling above me, I could now see all of him. His arms and chest were exactly what you may expect of a man who has been trained to beat the crap out of people. My eye seemed to follow downward to his cock which was standing at full erection in front of me. It was long and thick and my mouth was watering for it. Apparently he knew that because he moved up to my head. "Do you want my cock, Tiffany?"

"Yes," I answered.

"Then you're going to have to suck it for me first." He slipped his cock into my mouth. My hands were still bound so I could neither refuse or control exactly how this would be done. Colin began to fuck my mouth slowly. And then he grabbed my hair as he moved faster. He did so faster and faster until he seemed to be almost ready to come. Then he stopped. "Now it's your turn." He said as he leaned down to kiss me. He kissed my lips and then my neck until my entire body seemed to lift towards him in beg for attention. He reached my breasts. He was careful to kiss and suck one until my breath became so fast I thought I was going to come. Then he would stop as if to make me wait. He moved to the next breast and then further to my stomach. Finally he reached my pussy.

Colin looked up to smile at me. And then his tongue slightly touched my clitoris. Just ever so slightly. Just enough to make me jump. "Oh my God, Colin!" He went on only this time a little more determined. I felt his fingers slip inside of me. One of the same hands that protected me was now fucking my pussy. I'm not sure if it was the strength or dexterity but he knew just where to hit inside of me and just how to hit it. My body began to quiver before him as my back arched in ecstasy. He leaned down to kiss my neck. Taking full advantage of my position, his tongue slid down to my chest. He danced the tip of it between my breasts before taking one into his mouth. He bit down just enough to make it hurt the way I needed it to. And as I sighed his name, he smiled before taking the other nipple as well. His fingers increased their number inside my pussy at this point. And the pleasure increased as well. The quivers turned into my body bucking to every motion he made. When I felt I could not stand the intensity any longer, my body climaxed until my pussy squirted my cum for him.

It's as if that was just what he was waiting for. He released me from my shackles as he climbed on top of me. His cock was just barely touching my pussy as he kissed me. I opened my eyes to see him. In those blue eyes was a passion and determination I had never seen before. Did I stop being the student to him for a moment? For I swear that in that instant, he was no longer my instructor. Even as a man, he commanded my body. He stared straight into my eyes as he plunged his cock deep in my pussy. He moved slowly at first to make my body beg his attention. Instinctively it gave into his demands as my legs wrapped around him and my hips moved to his thrusts. My nails dug into the flesh of his back as I screamed, "Colin."

He answered my scream with a faster and deeper pace. His hands clutched my wrists as he pinned them to the bed. The pain made me come as he pounded deep into me. "You're pussy feels so good, Tiffany." He said with a tone in his voice that only added to the pleasure. 

"Oh Colin! You feel so good. Fuck me, Colin." I cried as his hands released my wrist. He grabbed my throat as he pounded me further. And in that instant, my muscles tightened and my breath could not seem to gather enough air. "Oh Colin, I'm coming." I said almost in desperation. I came just then. His hand released my throat and pulled me close to him. 

Colin pulled my shoulders down as he pushed deeper inside. And with his whole body he pulled me into him as he fucked me. It was like he was taking possession of me entirely. And his body was branding me with every thrust of his cock, with every kiss, with ever word as he called my name. "Tiffany! Oh Tiffany! Do you want this?"

"Yes Colin," I answered my Master.

"Tell me what you want."

"I want you to keep fucking me. Fuck me please! Don't stop! Please don't stop!" I begged of him.

He granted my demands. He sat up so he was kneeling above me. He pulled my legs up so my ankles were resting on his shoulders. I reached for him as he began to fuck me again. Only this time, it was for him. He fucked me to feel his own pleasure. I could see it in his eyes. I could feel in his thrusts. Knowing I was pleasing him only made me come again and again. I lost control over my body and how it reacted to every move he made. My hands clutched the sheets under me. My breath tried to keep up with the pounding of my heartbeat as my blood surged through my veins. My body contorted as my orgasms washed over me again and again. I called to him. "Colin..... please, I'm coming. I can't stop coming!"

"That's right, Tiffany. Come for me. Tell me how much you want it." He reached down to pinch my nipple.

"I want it! I want you! God, I've wanted you for so long. Fuck me. Just keep fucking me!" I yelled as our bodies moved in perfect rhythm together.

"I'm going to come, Tiffany. Do you want me to come?" He asked. My hands reached up to grasp his hands as he clutched my thighs.

"Yes." I wanted to feel him come inside me so badly.

His head dropped back for a moment as he ground into me. And then his eyes pierced into mine as he exploded inside of me. Just as he came, my body demanded it's last climax as my pussy tightened even more around his throbbing cock. My nails dug into his arms as the orgasm held onto my body. And then as I started to come down from the high he had put me, he slowly lowered himself close to me. In that instant, I could feel his heart beating against my own. In that moment, I could feel his heart begin to take my own heart. My Master... I could never deny him anything. I obeyed.