 "How long you on for?" Zanders voice caught Sarah by surprise, it wasn't his shift to work, they never got lucky enough to be on the same shift together. 

"This is my 24! What are you doing here? I thought you were off for awhile?" Sarah ran and grabbed Zander, he wrapped his huge muscular arms around her petite frame.

"I picked up an extra shift, getting ready to go on vacation with the wife." Zander made it a point to call Amber "the wife" he knew it was easier on Sarah when he didn't mention her by name. 

Sarah and Zander worked for the same Ambulance service, they had been friends for years, it wasn't until 2 years ago they became very close and very intimate. This line of work it's hard not to form close friendships but they took it to the next level late one night after a very emotional run, they've secretly been hot and heavy ever since. 

"Medic 8 please respond to 630 Greenway drive, caller advised 56 year old male patient, chief complaint chest pain". Dispatch echoed through the bay.

"Medic 8 copies show us enroute." Zander replied to the echo.

Sarah had been an EMT for 6 years now, she was very passionate about her job. Zander had been a Paramedic for 16 and was beginning to show the signs of a burnt out medic. He often talked about changing careers and honestly Sarah was the only reason he stayed. 

They ran all day and half the night. Their shift so far consisted of 2 cardiac patients, 1 overdose and 2 DOA's (Dead on Arrival). As they both sat in the truck finishing up paper work by the river Sarah glanced at the clock, 3am. She knew she would only have Zander to herself for 5 more hours and they had at least an hour of charting to complete. Sarah grabbed the radio. 

"Medic 8 to Dispatch." Sarah radioed while giving Zander a seductive smile.

"Go ahead Medic 8." The grumpy dispatcher replied.

"Show Medic 8 out of service until further notice, we have a low tire." Sarah placed the radio back on its clip.

She didn't have to explain to Zander, he knew exactly what she wanted, she wanted him, and he wanted her. 

"Where?" Zanders heart was already starting to quicken, she always has that effect on him.

"I think here is just fine." Sarah motioned to the back of the truck. 

They were parked in an isolated area by the river, no one has ever disturbed them here. They both started for the back of the truck. Sarah wasted no time removing Zanders shirt as he removed his pants. His cock was already hard, he'd thought about this all day, her body against his, his cock inside of her, her moans as he fucked her any and every way she'd allow. Sarah's lips met his and they kissed passionately both excited and ready for each other. He grabbed the bottom of shirt and slowly pulled It up over her head, exposing her firm perky breasts. He placed his hands on them as Sarah fought to unclasp her bra, it finally freed and fell to the floor. His mouth moved from hers and slowly worked his way to her neck, kissing her neck while caressing her breast, flicking her nipples with his fingers then his tongue. 

"Mmmm, yes!" Her body was already hot and ready for him. 

"Can I please suck on your cock?" He loved when she asked.

She made it sound so sweet and innocent. He positioned himself on the stretcher giving Sarah full access to his hard cock. She kissed her way down his chest until she met his erection. 

"I taste cum already, you taste so good." Sarah said with a seductive smile.

Zanders body tensed up as she sucked harder and faster, flicking the head of his cock with her tongue while never breaking eye contact.

"You're killing me." Zander moaned.

"I think I love teasing you just as much as you love teasing me", Sarah said while stroking his hard and ready cock. 

She used her tongue and slowly traced her way from the head of his cock down its length and to his balls. She began gently rolling each one around in her mouth with her tongue. She used his moans as a guide. 

"I want you to tie me up!" She breathed heavily as she continued to stroke his cock.

"With what?!?" He looked around the truck. 

He had more options then he realized. Gauze or tourniquet? He quickly grabbed an IV start kit and ripped it open with his teeth, Sarah smiled at him with approval as he grabbed the stretchy blue tourniquet from the kit and tied her arms above her head fastening them to the stretcher. 

"Now I can do whatever I want to you." He whispered while he nibbled on her ear. 

"Just fuck me, please Zander, it's been way too long!" She begged. 

"Patience and don't beg." Zanders response was always the same. 

He loved it when Sarah begged for him to be inside of her. She trembled as he traced her skin with his fingertips, slowly circling her nipples then making his way down to her pussy. He didn't waste anytime sticking 2 fingers inside of her.

"MMMMM, that feels good please don't stop!" Sarah cried.

She loved having him inside of her, anyway she could get him, whether it's his fingers, tongue or huge cock. He knew she liked it rough. He fingered her fast and hard, the louder she screamed the harder he'd go until he felt her pussy clench around his fingers and her juices running down his hand.

"Oh fuck, I just came!" she was still quivering.

"I know baby." Zander wasted no time replacing his fingers with his tongue.

"Fuck, Yes, Oh Fuck Zander!!" She cried in between moans. 

Every time Sarah would be on the edge of another orgasm, Zander would slow down just enough to calm her down again. 

"Please just fuck me already please!" She was serious this time and he knew it. 

She yearned for his cock like it was a drug, she never seemed to get enough and he loved every minute of it. Sarah managed to free a hand from the makeshift handcuffs. She grabbed his throbbing hard cock and guided it inside of her dripping hot pussy.

"Fuck yes!" she cried.

"You feel amazing." She loved how he filled her up and stretched her pussy, no other man had ever been so deep inside of her.

"Harder Zander!!" Sarah cried.

He picked up the pace pounding her pussy even harder and faster. He knew he didn't have to hold anything back, she liked pain, she loved being rode hard. They had fucked so many times in the back of the ambulance they had finally mastered fucking gracefully in the confined space. Zander reached above Sarah's head freeing her other hand, he wanted to feel her hands on his body, she wrapped her legs around his back pulling him in deeper. 

"Deeper! Harder!" Sarah continued to beg as he fucked her harder then he'd ever fucked her.

"I'm close baby, where do you want it?" Zander always asked, even though Sarah's answer was always the same.

"I want you to cum inside of me! Fill me up with your cum!" Sarah managed to whimper.

"Fuck I'm about to cum again!!" She screamed as another orgasm quickly approached. 

Zander felt her pussy clench tightly around his cock as she cummed again. This made him climax as well, her pussy continued to squeeze every drop of cum from his throbbing cock. Zander leaned down and kissed Sarah's forehead. There wasn't enough room on the stretcher for them to lay beside of each other. The back of the truck was hot and steamy, they opened the back doors of the truck and jumped outside. The cool night air felt amazing. Sarah bent over half in the truck half out exposing her ass for Zanders huge cock. 

"Ready for round 2?" Sarah smirked as she looked back at Zander.

To Be Continued