 She knelt in front of him and took him in her hands. It felt hard and silky, hot and exciting. As she wrapped the fingers of one hand around his generous shaft, the other moved beneath his softly hanging balls to tease the back of his scrotum. She knew he loved that and just as he gasped with pleasure, she softly licked her tongue across the very tip of his cock, relishing the bead of clear liquid.

"Mmmm," you taste good.

Before he could react, she opened her lips and slid him inside her mouth. Her tongue swirled around his glans, coating him with her saliva. Her hand began a slow-motion masturbation at the base of his shaft as she pumped him in and out of her sucking mouth. He placed his hands on her face, and stroked her hollowed cheeks. She looked up into his dark blue eyes and could see that he badly needed a release. This wasn't the time to play long drawn-out games. He needed to cum hard and fast. And she needed to taste him.

Her other hand pressed further between his legs until she could feel the tight ring of his ass against her seeking fingertip. She gently wriggled her finger until she managed to get an inch or so inside him, then she speeded up the work on his cock.

One of his hands moved up his own body to pinch and stroke his nipples - a sure sign that he was nearly ready to cum. The muscles in his thighs tensed into solid slabs, his head went back, his breathing almost stopped and his cock seemed to swell even more inside her willing mouth. With perfect timing, she pressed her finger harder into his ass, seeking out his sweet spot, and gripped tighter around his shaft, pumping him as fast as she could.

Then she was rewarded. His first jet of hot spunk hit the back of her throat and coated her tongue. Then his cock jerked, expelling wave after wave of his long-stored juice. She couldn't swallow it all, even though she tried, and by the time his orgasm has abated, she still had his sperm on her face and in her mouth.

Knowing that it would excite him, she stood up and leaned forward to kiss him. He unhesitatingly opened his mouth to share the feast with her and finished by licking her face clean.

He lifted her up and carried her to their bedroom. He laid her carefully down on the bed and moved down to her feet. Gently, he licked each toe, carefully sucking them one by one into his mouth before moving on to the next. Then he kissed his way up her legs to her knees, slowly parting her long, smooth legs. He could see that the black lace covering her crotch was soaking wet. The sexual perfume of this woman who he dearly loved, reached his nose, and reinvigorated his own appetites.

He continued to kiss every part of her body, except those places she most wanted to feel his lips and tongue. He knew that she would love the teasing and would soon tell him when she needed more. She was lost to the sensations. She had reached a state where her orgasm was only a breath away, but she wanted it to wait. Wanted to enjoy this peak of sensuality for as long as her body would allow.

When he finally reached her mouth they kissed again, long and deep.

"I want you naked, my love," he whispered.

She stood beside the bed and began to seductively sway and strip for him. Her hard pointed breasts shivered as she slowly slid the lace over them, exposing first one, then the other to his lustful gaze. Never had she felt her nipples this tight. She couldn't resist running her fingers over them, teasing their wrinkled firmness, and rolling them between finger and thumb. It was like an electric shock, all the pent up emotion of the last week flooded through her in response to that brief touch.

Then, she slid the white lace further down her body and allowed it to pool at her feet. It was his turn to gasp as she stood proudly before him, feeling so much more than naked.

"My God, you've shaved. Oh my baby, you look so sexy, I've got to feel you."

Giggling, she jumped back on the bed and rolled over on her back. She drew her knees up and let her legs fall apart.

"Go ahead, its all yours," she said, giggling.

He wasted no time at all. His strong fingers slid down her taut stomach and caressed her naked mons.

"So smooth and soft! I love it!"

"Tell me what you see."

"You look so much more vulnerable, so fresh. Your clit seems bigger, more exposed. 

Your lips are smooth and open, redder than they seemed before. And you are so wet! Every fold is glistening. You are so beautiful."

What made it even more exciting for her was the knowledge that she had done this as a gift for him. For them.

He dropped his face to kiss her inner thighs before licking his way to the center of her desire. His tongue felt different. Strange. Smooth, shiny, slippery, and so sexy. It parted her lips and the tip made contact with her inner opening. This welcome intimacy set her copious juices flowing in earnest. He used his fingers to hold her apart while he lapped the length of her heated core, flicking her clitoris at the top of each stroke.

And every time he breathed his hot breath over her super-sensitized flesh, it was like an angels wings beating her.

She knew that she couldn't hold off any longer. Her clitoris began to buzz deep inside as the orgasm, which had been hovering near the surface for so long, began to break through. Her toes curled, her fingers gripped his hair, pushing his face harder into her soft flesh, her nerves flashed sparks throughout her body and then, like jumping off a precipice, she was released.

He knew her too well to stop until she told him to. He kept up his licking and sucking on her clit, feeling every pulse of orgasm wash through her, until he felt the intensity begin to fade. Her fingers released his hair and she slowly sank back in a world of her own.