 This story, as is all stories, isn't written for everyone. If you enjoyed it, thank you very much and you're welcome. If not, thank you for visiting.

*****

My name is Gray with an 'a'. Saves time if somebody thinks 'e'. Gray with an 'a' rhymes. My wife's name is Gwen. She's 43. She retired, a few months ago. She worked for the same company for 20 years. I haven't retired yet. I have my own companies. I don't really want to retire yet but I do take off more time since Gwen retired so we could travel. One of the people Gwen worked with also retired, about two or three years earlier. Her name is Janice. She comes over to visit every now and then, maybe four or five times a year, and spends the weekend and maybe one or two more days. They are very close friends. She's visiting now.

Janice reminds me of a scarecrow and she's nervous all the time. I'm very uncomfortable around her. She stares right in your eyes when talking to you, with her head sticking out at you a little, and smiles all the time. Her hair looks like it was cut with a lawnmower. She also talks in quick clipped words. Every sentence sounds like a fast talking radio commercial reciting the rules or cautions. I try to stay out of her way and let Gwen entertain her. She is enormously intelligent. She took the test for that IQ club and aced it but doesn't tell anybody. We found out accidentally and haven't brought it up with her.

She isn't ugly but, ok she's ugly. She's about 5ft8, straight down as far as I can tell with the clothes she wears. Long flowery skirts to her ankles. I think she has a nice waist and buns and other stuff but it's hard to tell and it's been years. I've looked. She's nice to every human being so it's hard to not like her but I don't. I don't hate her or anything like that. I just wish she would go away. When she and Gwen talk and Gwen is cooking or something Janice followers her everywhere she goes in quick short steps in case Gwen stops. She never lets Gwen get more than two steps away from her, always chattering away.

Gwen understands everything she says. They worked together a long time. It drives me crazy. Gwen and I don't think she's ever been married or ever had a man, or woman for that matter. We've never asked. When she visits she and Gwen stay in the guest room together so they can talk and Janice can go to sleep when Gwen does and get up when she does. Fine with me. I don't have to run into her except to fill my coffee cup then out the door. I eat at a local diner in the morning when she's here and sometimes when Gwen wants to sleep in.

She doesn't smell bad. I just seem to expect her to smell. Her clothes are clean. We get along good it's just that I can't communicate with her the way she talks and it gets awkward. Gwen helps out sometimes, ever so casually, so she's not noticed. Gwen will say something like, "Janice, tell Gray about something or other." If Janice isn't looking I give Gwen the evil eye but always too late. On comes Janice and starts in. I smile and do facial expressions and sometimes Gwen is behind Janice and does pantomimes of what to do like act surprised or lift my eyebrows or smile wider or laugh a little or more.

Gwen understands every single thing she says and all the inflections in her voice. She told me so. Gwen is happy. A few days and she's gone until the next visit, about three months hence. I personally view it as my contribution of psychiatric help for the neighborhood. I've never said that to Gwen. I try to be a ghost that meanders through their world when she's visiting, hopefully not noticed.

Then Armageddon happened. I got sucker punched. Early on a Saturday morning I was just getting back from going to the bathroom and hopping back in bed. Gwen opened the door to the bedroom and came in holding Janice's hand. While closing the door she said, "I heard you awake. We've come to snuggle."

She was heading for the bed. Janice looked stricken. Hell, I was stricken. She wasn't being dragged but she was obviously reluctantly looking for a way out. I sat up, looking at Janice. I was instantly worried she would freak out. I had no top on, which didn't help, and pointed at Gwen and pointed at my head and twirled my finger. I held my hands up, low, palms out and gave her a smile and a silent 'it's ok, it's ok'. I desperately wanted to keep her from going off on a rail.

Gwen pulled Janice around on my side of the bed and pushed me over towards the middle and pushed Janice on and under the sheet. That done she came around and climbed in the other side and said, "We wanted you in the middle between us." I held a palm up to Janice again and mouthed 'it's ok' again and pushed my palm out a little like 'you can settle down'. By that time she was in beside me on the pillow with the sheet pulled way up to her neck. Our toes touched and she pulled hers back. Her lips were pressed together. She was silent for the first time I can remember.

Gwen got my arm and put it around under her neck and reached over and got my other arm and pushed it under Janice's neck. Janice quick lifted her head up and Gwen smiled at her and quietly said, 'lie down' waving her hand down and up. Still pressing her lips together Janice slowly lowered her head right on my arm. I cupped the edge of her shoulder lightly. She looked at it but didn't do anything.

Gwen and I had the sheet about at our waist and it stretched from my waist right up to Janice's neck. I turned and gave Gwen a kiss on the cheek and turned and gave Janice a kiss on the cheek. She blinked her eyes several times but lay still. I felt a little something which almost scared me senseless and lifted my knees up so the sheet would tent from my waist straight up to my knees. I was safe for the moment if I came up. Gwen noticed and got it and smiled and wet her lips.

No way. Never gonna happen. Janice is not sex material. No draw there at all. Sometimes it's 82 degrees Fahrenheit below zero at the South Pole and Janice isn't any warmer. My dick did not move and did not start to come up. I let my knees back down to normal. The thing is the sheet was now draped nicely over it. I didn't look at Janice. I don't know if she looked or not. Gwen gave me a soft shot in the ribs with her fist.

Gwen got an arm over my waist above the sheet and motioned for Janice to do the same. Janice lifted her hand out of the sheet but not on my waist. Gwen reached over and slowly put it over my waist like hers was. I had both girls on my shoulders. Gwen was in close. Janice had her body pulled back except for her head and arm. Gwen had on silky type bed clothes, long pants. Janice had about the same but the fabric was thicker cotton. I don't know what they had on underneath. I didn't get a chance to look and I didn't want to stare.

She started talking to Janice. Janice started answering but quietly and not that fast. I had absolutely no doubt this was the first time she's ever been in bed with a man. I didn't know what the hell Gwen was doing. She whispered in my ear, 'man up'. I started a casual shoulder hug on them at the same time. What I did to one I did to the other. I pulled their shoulder just that little bit.

Gwen slowly moved closer to me. I could feel some of her body down my side. Janice didn't. I think Gwen knew what I was doing. When I glanced at her once she gave me a 'good try, do it again' look. Then Gwen got up on an elbow and leaned over towards Janice and motioned for her ear. Janice had to get closer to do that and leaned over me a little, not touching. Gwen whispered in her ear and Janice did the same to Gwen.

When they settled down again Janice was closer and touching a little. They kept talking about someone they worked with and where she was now. Janice was on her side, facing across me to Gwen. I put my hand on Gwin down on her side near her back and did the same to Janice at the exact same time. I lifted my arm up just a little on Gwen when I did so Janice could see it moving. It worked. Janice took a breath but she kept talking to Gwen. Gwen just ignored what I did like it was ok and normal and not something to even think about.

While talking Gwen moved her hand up to my nipple and ran her fingers over it, totally ignoring me. It was sexual but it wasn't sexual. Janice wasn't going to do that but she did see it. I kept moving oddly but not fast. Another ten minutes or so Janice was against my side somewhat like Gwen was, not tight. I moved my hip or knee or leg casually a few times and Gwen totally ignored it so Janice did too. It wasn't long and I could squeeze both and I was totally ignored by both. I was doing the 'man up' thing.

Gwen took a little deeper breath and looked over at Janice. She said, "Remember what we talked about." A nod from Janice. "Please try and stay with Gray as long as you can. Leave any time you want. I'll be downstairs." She leaned over and gave Janice a kiss, right on the lips. Then she went to kiss my cheek and instead whispered very low in my ear, "Fuck her."

Gwen got up, smiling the whole time, and left the bedroom, turning the light out and closing the door. I was looking after her, blinking my eyes. I turned and looked at Janice. It wasn't totally dark. Her head was raised up but her arm was still on my stomach. I took stock in a damned hurry. What to do. I got a comfortable smile on. She was quiet, looking at me. No expression. She never had an expression on her face. I closed my eyes and shook my head a couple of times up and down and opened my eyes and palmed in the air for her to lie back down on my arm. She did.

I said, "Gwen didn't get a chance to explain everything. Could you fill me in? I want you to be comfortable."

She nodded her head and started. She said, "Gwen told me how happy she was being married to you and I should start thinking about something like that and I said I wasn't sure about doing that and she said I could give it a try with you to see how I liked it and I said you might not like to do that with me and she said you would be thrilled and I said what would you do and she said whatever I wanted you to do and I thought about it and Gwen is my best friend and I trust her so I said I could try if she really wanted me to and she said she did so I said ok and she got my hand and brought me over and put me in bed with you. What do you want me to do?"

I'm going to get Gwen for this. I don't know how but I'm going to get her. Some sunny day when she's lest expecting it. Now, Janice is very intelligent so she can't be dumb about these things. I said, "Janice, telling someone about marriage or relationships and being involved in one isn't the same. You've seen a lot of couples so you obviously know all about the social side. You probably don't know about the personal side. We could start there. What do you think?"

"Yes," she said. "I think that's why Gwen put me in bed with you, for the intimacy. She obviously trusts you to ask you to do this with me so I do too. I'm nervous but I'll try. Are you going to kiss me and things like that?"

"Well," I said. "I could but why don't we start a little slower and see how it goes. It'll give you a chance to adjust and judge what you might like. I only have on my boxer shorts. Would you like me to put more clothes on?"

"No," she said. "If you achieve a fully erect state it wouldn't make a lot of difference and it might be uncomfortable for you. Would you like me to take something off so we're more equal?"

"Oh," I said. "Guys always like that but I can slip something off as we go and you might like it more. Anytime you're uncomfortable let me know. If you can, let me know when you like something. Sometimes it's hard to tell. Ready to start?" She nodded yes. I said, "I'll try and go slow so you can tell what I'm doing. Enjoy yourself." She nodded yes again. It dawned on me that she was talking a lot slower and pronouncing her words so I could understand them. Not baby talk but more mainstream.

Her face was blank as usual but she was blinking her eyes. Maybe she was very frightened. I honestly didn't quite know how to approach this. Where was Gwen when I needed her? The fink. Janice was lying down with my lower arm under her neck. She was on her side facing me. I was on my elbow looking down at her. I settled down on my pillow so we would look into each other's eyes. She was moving her eyes looking all over my face.

I pulled the sheet up under my chin like she had it under her chin to make us kind of equal. She kept her arm over my waist. I put an arm over her waist and over on her back and very slowly pulled her into me but not jammed. Our knees were touching and I did get our toes together and they stayed. I kissed her forehead lightly and her eyebrows and cheeks, both sides. She had to turn her head a little through all this which got her involved which was what I was after. Thankfully it was dark enough I couldn't fully see what I was kissing.

I worked my lips lower on her face and did her chin then worked up to her lips. I barely brushed across them and moved on. I said, "Can you do the same to me?" She didn't answer. Three seconds later she started on my face. While she was doing me I let my fingers dribble up her back. No bra. She got to my lips and brushed them like I did her. I said, "I'm going to kiss your neck." She raised her head a little and I worked from her cheek down to the side of her neck and worked around front and over to the other side. I got a number of light kisses in all over the place.

While I was doing that I pulled her towards me ever so lightly and moved towards her. We lightly touched stomachs but not chests. I couldn't figure out how she kept away but she did. Our middles missed each other too. I said, "Would you like to put your hand over on my back and kiss around me and pull me into you? As much as you like."

She had to think about that a few seconds then her hand came over my waist and down on my back. I tilted my head up and she started. Almost the identical thing but this time I had contact on a lot more of her body. I could hear her breath more. I said, "Are you in the mood for a little intimacy? If we weren't in bed it wouldn't be much but here the feeling is amplified. A lesson to be learned. Are you enjoying yourself so far?"

"I'm surprised at how much it affects me," she said. "I'm not stressed. I must be excited. What are we going to do?"

By now a little passion should have shown but she was still in an academic state. I said, "On my chest are two non-functioning nipples. If you would play with them with your fingers and lips and tongue I'll let my fingers play with your buns. It's a distracting parallel type of thing. Should be fun for both of us. You can slip under the sheet or pull it down. I'll start when you do." Get her going first. You want it, come get it.

I felt her pull her fingers into her palm on my back. She was either going to slug me or go ahead. She had to make her own decisions. She pulled her chest back and bent her head under the sheet. I felt her fingers slid up on my nipple and I slipped my arm from the center of her back down to the top of her butt crack, slowly and lightly. I was under the sheet and on top of her pj bottoms. A moment and I felt her lips on my nipple so I ran a finger down the center of her butt crack without pushing in. I didn't get all the way to the bottom. Then I spread out my fingers and lightly brushed both buns fully over to the sides and back and kept that up.

She got her tongue on my nipple and I made a better impression on her butt crack up and down. She moved her hips a little. That was a really great indicator. I was looking for something and got it. I could feel her hot breath on my chest. After a while I slowly slid my fingers back up on her back. She came out from under the sheets and lay down on my arm again. She was still breathing harder but not breathless. My dick was getting harder. Another great indicator but I was totally shocked. What was it about her that would do that? Actually, I guess she had nice buns. Felt normal anyway. A redeeming value there.

We rested a moment. I was ready to go but I think Janice was in the 'somebody played with my ass' mood. I said, "Would you like to swap? I can do what you did and you can do what I did." I got a nice friendly smile on my face and twinkling eyes and waited. She looked up at me and smiled. Janice smiled at me. We're in bed and I played with her ass and she smiled at me.

She said, "I'll have to take my top off but I don't have a bra on. I was right. I thought you would do that next." That's why she was smiling, because she figured out my next step, not because of me playing with her ass or going to play with her nipples. I'd have to do a better job. It would be our first real sexual contact. It would help get me in her pants. I thought about seeing if I could get our clothes off and getting right to it but she would miss all those feelings you get along the way. That was what Gwen was trying to show her. No it wasn't, it was what I was trying to show her.

She said, "Gray, I can't help doing some of the things I do. Forgive me if I make it awkward." She lost me on that one.

"That's your natural mating instincts," I said. "I've found the best thing to do is let your mind have its own way. Enjoy what you want to do and let your body enjoy what your mind tells it to do. The results are usually stunning." I was unbuttoning her top while we were talking. I brushed her breasts several times and she ignored it. I know I ran into a nipple a couple of times. Maybe nobody ever activated her nipples sexually. I had her top off and off the side of the bed. She still had the sheet up around her chin.

I slid down in range. I said, "If you would like to slip your hand down inside my shorts I like that." I pulled up the sheet and got under. Her breasts were right there. They were fairly large. My nose ran right into the one nearest me but I tilted up quickly and got my lips on. I started a slow range across and down, circling her nipple.

About the fourth time I slipped my lips over on and sucked lightly. A moan. I got a moan. I also got some of her fingers on the top of my shorts on my buns. Not at the top and sliding down but right on first thing. Her fingers were looking to see what was there. Once she got all the way under to my balls lightly and I pushed out a little and hit her somewhere with my dick. Another moan. I didn't want to go too fast. I didn't think she was a basket case anymore but still.

I got her other nipple and got into a slow sucking rhythm. I came out of a little sexual cloud I get in sometimes and felt her hand down inside my shorts. She was on my ass. I didn't get to do that. Maybe next time. As soon as I can get her pj pants off. Janice got a finger down in my butt crack, I took that as her saying I could do that to her. She would probably go for the while guacamole right now but I couldn't be sure. I think she was in a comfortable place and able to keep going and I didn't want to stop that progress. I kept sucking on her nipples. I was still wondering why my dick was getting harder.

I slowly made my way across her breasts up to her neck and she pulled out of my shorts and we regrouped with me out from under the sheets. I hadn't been under a sheet for something like that since doing oral on Gwen when we were married. She was still shy. We breathed and got calmed down some. I said, "Are you good with me taking my shorts off and your pj pants? We can leave your panties on. You can take those off whenever you want. You'll know when."

She had a hand over my waist and we were still on our sides facing. She waited a little while then moved right into me. Right into my Dick. I couldn't tell where it went. I could feel her all along me almost all the way down. Her arms went around my neck and she started kissing me. I remembered she asked me before if we were going to do that. I forgot. My bad. I gave her some nice sexy kisses, really good ones to meet the situation.
