 The click of the key was the only sound she heard. She kept her head down, looking at his back, nothing more. He proceeded into the room, and she followed silently. Anticipation made her heart beat wildly. She watched as he went in and put his bag on the dresser top, dropping the key beside it. Her breath caught as he turned and looked at her. Without a thought, she closed the door and crossed to him.

He enclosed her in his arms for a sweet yet burning hug. She sighed, breathing in the scent of him. It has been so long…He gently took her chin in his hand and lifted her lips to his. He took her in a soft, passionate kiss that left her mindless. She leaned into the kiss, giving every ounce of need over to him. His right arm wrapped around her back tightly, pulling her closer to him. Her arms went around his shoulders, her fingertips trailing the hard muscles of his back.

He began to slowly, hypnotically rock her back and forth into a slow dance across the room. She floated against him, and didn’t realize she had moved until she felt the mattress against the back of her legs. He gently lowered her back, and lay next to her, kissing and caressing her neck, shoulder and face. She sighed in contentment, pulling him closer to her. In her urgency to feel every inch of him, her hands roamed across his shoulders, down his arms, and up his chest. She touched every piece of him she could reach.

He pulled back and looked her in the eye. His left hand traced up her stomach and sneaked under her sweater. The feel of his hands on her bare flesh sent shivers throughout her body. A whimper escaped her lips, as his hands moved the soft material under her sweater aside, and cupped her breast…seeking and finding her nipple. He gently rolled it between his fingertips, as the nub got hard, pressing out to his touch.

She reached up and gathered him back down for a hot kiss, filled with the ache she was being possessed by. He chuckled against her mouth, and once again pulled back. He raised her up, removing the sweater and silk underclothes. Dropping her back down gently, his mouth possessed the very nipple he had teased just moment earlier. With no other option but to lay back and enjoy, she casually ran her fingers through his hair, teasing the back of his neck, and the sensitive part near his ear with her nails. 

He switched to the other breast, working just as easily to wake up the other nipple. She arched up, and gasped as his teeth raked across the tender skin. During the distraction, he moved to unzip her jeans. When she felt the heat of his palm slide inside the silk, she whimpered once again. He raised her hips, drawing the garments off, then settle back on his elbow above her, moving his hands over the newly exposed skin, leaving a trail of heat wherever he touched.

She pulled at his shirt, exposing the tight flesh underneath. He took off his jeans, and resumed his position next to her, only to draw her onto her side, melting their bodies together. They kissed, this time with all the feeling and emotion they both possessed. It consumed her.

She rolled on to him, strattling his hips, looking down at the man she craved above any other. She reached up and released her hair from the clip, letting her long dark locks flow over her shoulders. He reached up and grabbed a fist full, pulling her down for another kiss, this one bruising and possessive. She slid down his body, until she felt the solid hardness of his desires against her stomach.

He flipped her quickly onto her back, his body between her knees. He massaged and caressed her breasts, gently sucking and nibbling on the tips, keeping them hard and wanting. His onslaught continued down her stomach, to the fragile triangle between her thighs. 

His first touch shattered her. She cried out and arched off of the bed. He held fast and lapped up every drop of her passion. As she lay, panting, he gently started licking and kissing, working her toward another explosion. She clawed at his shoulders, silently begging and pleading for him to take her. Her passion grew, hotter and heavier than she ever imagined, and just as she was about to lose her mind, he entered her, fast and hard. She came with a scream, bucking against him as he rode her to completion. 

His pace was set and his rhythm as sure as time itself. His hands rested on her knees, drawing them up to drive himself deeper. Her peak came and went again and again. She was reduced to panting and grunting as his trust himself into her over and over. 

She could see the exertion it took for him to hold back, so she reached up, grabbed his face and kissed him soundly. Almost loosing herself again, she quickly whispered in his ear “Come for me”…she heard him growl low and deep against her neck, and thrust into her 3, 4, 5 times, then collapsed on top of her. She lay silently, caressing his back, his hair, and laid soft kisses on his brow.

Moments passed, they laid joined together still. He sighed and rolled to his back, pulling her to lie against his side. He drew her close for one last kiss. “Just as I remembered. “ he whispered, as he faded off to sleep. Moments later, she joined him.