 Colleagues leave the office for an ordinary sales trip but plotting and scheming behind the scene brings results that are hardly ordinary. 

As a recently divorced 35 year old male I should have been excited when our manager Mike asked me to take a trip with a single female colleague ten years my junior. There was a drawback to the idea, our travel plan involved visiting potential buyers of our agricultural products in a rural area and Julie, known as Frigidaire or just Frigid in the office, was a dour individual without any potential for a fun trip. 

Her dress sense matched that of Amy on The Big Bang Theory but without the color. Julie monopolised one shade of gray and was famous for her passion for hairy, thick stockings.

The travel arrangements were a disaster from the beginning, cancelled and diverted flights, a rental car that was unreliable, and lost hotel reservations. But to cut a long story short and get to the sexual details, we found ourselves, as the result of getting lost on day four of the trip at an old worn motel with the only vacancy in town. The room was shabby and contained not much more than a single bed and a wooden chair.

At bedtime, Julie suggested taking turns in the bed which she had already occupied while I sat upright on the chair.

Julie stared at the ceiling while I stared straight ahead. The TV didn't work and the lighting was not good enough for reading. The thin mat on the concrete floor was too cold to offer a break from the chair.

Julie asked, "We are going to be wrecks tomorrow without proper sleep, and we have a lot of business to do".

"Why worry about tomorrow, the temperature outside is plummeting and there's no heat, I can guarantee that we are going to wake up frozen and dead."

I couldn't recall Julie smiling before but she responded to my attempt at humor.

I gave Julie an exaggerated tale of my expertise in survival training gained in the military and told her that our only hope was get close and horizontal and hug.

Not that I really fancied hugging Julie but I saw it as my only chance of getting in the bed and having a reasonable amount of sleep.

Julie motioned for me to squeeze in to the bed. I took off my jacket, shirt and trousers as I needed them uncreased for the following day. Julie was wearing a T-shirt and granny panties for the same reason.

She turned her back to me, I put an arm over her mainly to avoid falling from the bed and we were asleep in minutes.

An hour later Julie rolled towards me and put an arm over me. I caught her breath which reminded me of our last meal and a hint of toothpaste. We both opened our eyes and stared at each other.

I had no idea that Julie could cause an erection in a very cold room or even a warm room but I had a good one. It was pressing against Julie and I was waiting for a reaction.

"This is a bit awkward, can you adjust your equipment away from me or deflate it?

"You may not like to watch me deflate it so I will try to adjust its position."

My attempts to stay in the bed, keep the covers on and stop my pecker from assaulting Julie only resulted in shoving the offending body part up her pantie leg. You can try and bend an erection but they have a mind of their own and spring back to any place they want.

"That wasn't quite what I meant", Julie shrieked.

My next attempt to control my erection left it firmly between her thighs, "That's better, this offers a bit of security, we are less likely to fall on to the floor when I attach myself like this", I suggested.

Much to my surprise, Julie did not offer any protest, in fact I think I heard a soft sigh of contentment.

The erection did not subside and I dared myself to try a little thrusting. Julie hugged me harder.

" Could I call this my very first sexual experience?", she asked.

"The technical term is intercrural sex, so yes, you have had a sexual experience of sorts."

"If you ejaculate - where will it go?"

I suggested that the best thing to do would be to finish the job properly, I reached a condom and lubricant from my emergency travel pack so there wouldn't be a puddle of cum to sleep on, not to mention other precautions.

And that was the time when I started to think of a new nickname for Miss Frigid.

The next morning Julie showered first and went out to pick up a cell phone signal and locate a breakfast spot. 

"I talked to Mike and gave him an update and reviewed our travel plans. As a result of my recommendations, we have been asked to stay longer than planned and our travel budget has been raised from budget to executive level."

Later that day, in an upgraded rental car, Julie explained the full story of her phone calls that morning.

"Apparently, the meetings we have had with our customers and potential customers have been an amazing success. Mike thought we had a chance of getting a few orders for a few thousand a year. We have made a good impression on a number of people and the orders are flowing already, other branches across the country are after us and we have generated interest throughout the industry."

"So what does this mean?"

"We are heroes back at the office, we write our own script from now on"

The next few days were spent stopping at agricultural stores, making follow ups by phone and stopping in secluded places for groping sessions. Julie's panties had long been lost so we travelled with a hand on each others thighs and when driving conditions allowed I could refresh her scent on my finger and she could give my cock a squeeze.

Now settled in a much better hotel, Julie was naked on the bed, legs splayed, watching an educational porn film. She had a vague idea that Part A went in to Part B but apart from that she was vague about what couples did to each other. I was casually grooming her pubic hair, pausing from time to time to run a finger around her clit and along the grooves between her outer and inner labia.

Julie answered the phone but indicated to me that I should continue my activities. It was Mike who updated us on the continued successful results of our trip. He asked if we were bored in the evenings and while Julie assured him that we were coping she put her hand on the back of my head and lifted her hips to grind my tongue down on her pussy lips. Bored indeed!

Phone call over, she said quietly, "I have been getting all the attention, your turn, based on what I have learnt so far you are probably ready for my first blow job?"

For a learner her blow job was magnificent, I was faced with the dilemma of cumming in her mouth, possibly too bold a step for someone lacking experience, or moving my cock to her pussy. 

Choosing the latter I decided to take a rest before moving on. We were laying side by side. I had a lazy finger finger on Julie's clit, she was gently holding my half-erect penis.

I surprised myself by blurting a number of impertinent questions, I asked her how such a delightful person could be such a pain in the ass at work, why she was a virgin and then I asked her to marry me.

"I was a virgin until last night, we will leave that story to another day. I am on a mission at work, the clothing and attitude helped me keep my cover, my parents have been buying shares in the company for some time, they are about to go over the 50% mark. They will soon have to reveal their identity and take over. Or we will take over and they will stay in the background. They engineered this trip through a proxy. 

You have passed my tests and proved your worth, stay with me and you will be on the management board and in charge of sales. When we get back I am going to take some time off and then blaze in to the office with a blonde wig, short skirt and heels. I'll put Mike to pension as we have achieved more this week than he has ever done. Now it's time stop talking shop and for you to fuck me, no condom please, I went on the pill as part of my master plan.