 My first free night in the city and I'm going to enjoy it, I thought to myself. Within reason, of course. I never do anything outside of reason. Well, except... maybe this time. This time I definitely did something that was not within reason. 

My company had sent me and my team here two weeks ago and we had made significant progress on getting agreement with our supplier on what we wanted in our new product. Enough progress that they'd agreed to let us hop on planes on Thursday to go home to our families earlier than expected. Which is how I found myself alone in the big city with nothing but time for adventure on my hands for the next few days. I didn't have a family to go home to, so I figured I'd take a much deserved vacation and delay my flight out until Monday. I'd only have to cover the price of a hotel room for a few days. 

They'd put us up in a large and trendy hotel in the center of the entertainment district. I liked it. The decor was all in dark hues. The beds were large and plush with the best bed linens money could buy. I knew I'd find the sheets on my own bed scratchy after the luxury of the hotel. I made a mental note to order new sheets to be delivered to my home by Monday. 

I decided that I'd grab dinner in the restaurant and bar on the main floor. I sat at the bar having ordered a meal, drinking a mai tai when I noticed a group of people dressed as Jedi Knights walk in. I laughed to myself and then scanned the room. Noticing pockets of people dressed as elves, robots, Star Trek fleet officers and the like. 

"What's going on with all the costumes," I asked the bartender when he brought my dinner to me. 

"Oh, there's a big convention going on this weekend. It's mainly at the Convention Center, but every hotel within the city will have at least some cosplayers staying with them. We get more than most." 

"Oh. That's pretty cool. I should look into going, since I'm here by myself this weekend." 

I saw him take a renewed interest in me when I mentioned I was alone. I could have kicked myself. I definitely didn't want to draw that kind of attention. 

"You should," he nodded with a grin. "With your hair like that, you're already half-way there." 

I reached up to my hair, a bit embarrassed. I had colored it green, blue, and purple. It looked for all the world like the tail of a peacock. I'd done it because I had gone prematurely gray in my teens and now at the tender age of 28 I felt like an old woman with my naturally white hair. The unusual hair color made me feel more my actual age and at the same time brought out the youthfulness of my face and body. 

"I don't have a costume, though," I said with a sigh. 

"There are several designers that set up shop right here in the hotel for the weekend. You might even be able to find something off-the-rack." 

"Maybe," I said doubtfully. 

"I'll let you get back to your meal," he said, turning away. "Do let me know when you need anything else." 

As I ate, the bar got more and more crowded. I noticed a group of guys off to my right who were watching a baseball game on one of the many TVs around the bar. It seemed they were very invested in the teams playing considering how loud they were being. Some of the smaller TVs indicated that Trivia Night would start soon and suggested getting a console for playing along. I motioned to the bartender and asked for a console. He returned with one in moments. 

I logged in to the system and started playing along to the warm-up questions. One of the guys watching baseball slid in next to me at the bar. 

"Playing Trivia tonight?" he asked, but it was more a statement than a question. 

"Yeah," I said, not even turning to look at him, hoping that he'd get the hint that I was not interested in chatting. My first impression of him was that he reminded me of a brick wall, his chest was broad and hard, his arms thick and well-muscled. His voice reminded me of someone, but I couldn't put my finger on who. 

"Are you any good at it?" 

"I am incredibly good at... a lot of it," I said turning just slightly to look at him and then back to the console. 

"Like what?" he pressed. I got the sense of a certain amount of boyish earnestness to the man, which was appealing, but I still wasn't interested in talking much. But I was raised not to be rude so I continued the conversation. 

"Like I am good at science and art questions. Pretty decent at pop culture, except if it has to do with hip-hop, and terrible at sports unless it has to do with the Purdue Boilermakers, 'cause that's my Alma Mater." 

"I can help you with the sports ones if you let me," he suggested. "We could play as a team." 

"I don't know," I said, finally turning to face him and get a good look at him. "I don't know how long I'll want to play." 

"We'll just play as long as you want," he said, his sincerity plain. I looked him up and down, he had a frat-boy vibe that was tempered with a bit more maturity. He was tall, well over 6', which I liked. At 5'10" I require tall men in my life. His hair was dark, his beard reddish and thick, but neatly trimmed, and his very white teeth incredibly even, either from good genes or good dental work. His blue eyes twinkled when he realized I was checking him out. 

"Like what you see," he asked, letting out a genuine laugh. 

"You look familiar," I said, tilting my head to one side. "Do I know you?" 

"I am sure I'd remember meeting such a beautiful girl before, so I doubt it," he said, still smiling. "Especially a girl with rainbow hair." 

"My hair hasn't always been this color," I reminded him. "Seriously, you look familiar. I recognize faces but cannot place them out of context. 

"Are you sure you weren't in my Freshman Calculus Recitation or something?" 

"At Purdue? No, I am sure I didn't go to Purdue. I am nowhere near smart enough for that. Isn't it Ivy League?" 

"No, it's not. 

"I hope you're better at sports trivia than you would be for a topic like 'Colleges and Universities'," I said, grinning. 

"So now we know each other well enough for you to tease me?" 

"I guess we do." 

"In that case, I'm Connor," he said, holding out his hand. 

"Cecilia," I said, shaking his proffered hand. 

"Like in the song?" 

"Yes, like in the song," I said, my voice giving him a hint of warning. It wasn't often that I ran into someone near my own age who recognized my name from the Simon and Garfunkel song. 

"Mmm," he said, a smirk playing on his lips. "I think I like your parents. But now I'm worried you'll break my heart." 

Before he had a chance to explain why he liked my parents, a sure way to embarrass me, the trivia game reminded us to log in before it started. Connor took the console, logged me out, and typed in 'C and C Trivia Factory' as our team name, causing me to giggle. After Round One we were in third place out of over a dozen teams playing in the room. 

"We must be pretty good," I told Connor. "This room is absolutely full of nerds and geeks." 

"How can you tell," he asked, his eyes showing genuine curiosity. 

"Because I am a geek and I can spot my kind in the wild," I responded, grinning. 

Connorbarked out a laugh and motioned to the bartender to come over. He ordered himself another whiskey and got me another mai tai. 

"Am I a geek then? Since you have this gift of being able to spot them?" he asked, his voice teasing. 

"You? You appear to be a geek disguised as a normal person. But you've given yourself away by showing your obsession with trivia." 

During the second round I could tell that I was more than a little tipsy from the alcohol. I usually limit myself to two drinks when I'm out because I know that's more than enough to give me a buzz. But hey, I didn't have to drive anywhere that night so I wasn't terribly worried about getting drunk. I was impressed by Connor's encyclopedic knowledge of hip-hop and we impressed each other with our knowledge of Roger's and Hammerstein's Oklahoma!. I knew more about literature, he knew baseball. We moved up to second in the rankings. I excused myself to use the restroom. As I was washing my hands two women came in chatting very loudly with each other. 

"I can't believe he's just there in the bar?" 

"I know, right?" 

"I'd love to get his autograph." 

"Yeah, but it looks like he's on a date or something. I'm a fan. He seems like such a nice guy. I don't want to interrupt them. It's clear he's trying to lay low and not draw attention to himself." 

"You're right, of course. Besides, we have tickets and will meet him at the Con tomorrow." 

"We can tell him we saw him here and chose not to bother him. I'll bet he'll appreciate that." 

I nodded to them on the way out, one of them gave me a curious look as I left, but I didn't think much of it. So apparently there's a celebrity in the bar? I hadn't really noticed. It's dark and crowded. I wonder if Connor saw anyone. 

When I got back to the bar, Connor had ordered me another mai tai and was grinning as he chatted with a small group. I half expected him to tell me he was done with trivia for the night so he could leave to have some fun with other people, but as soon as he saw me he smiled and told his friends he was needed for Round Three. 

"You can go with them, you know," I told him. "I certainly don't expect you to play trivia all night." 

"Are you kidding? I haven't had this much fun in... well, I'm not sure I've ever had this much fun," he laughed. "I mean, what's not to like? I'm having fun with a pretty girl AND having a chance to impress her at the dizzying array of useless facts I have stored away in my brain. This sort of thing never happens to me." 

"Well, after Round Three, I need to call it a night," I confessed to him. "It's already well past my bedtime." 

"The bartender said that Round Three is the final round anyway. So no problem there. But I'm not sure I'm ready to just let you go afterwards. Maybe I can convince you to hang out?" 

"Maybe. I am hoping to have a chance to put a costume together for the Con in the morning, so I don't want to be out too late." 

"You didn't bring one?" 

"Oh," I couldn't help laughing and lightly tapping the back of his hand, "I'm not here for the Con. I'm here for work and decided to stay for the weekend rather than flying home tonight. I don't have anything to do this weekend while I'm here by myself, so I figured I'd go to the Con. Our bartender actually suggested it." 

"Really? So you aren't a big comics fan then?" 

"Don't get me wrong, I do like all that stuff, I just am not normally the type to go to a convention. I'm way too much an introvert. The very idea makes me anxious." 

"But you are planning on going tomorrow anyway?" 

"Well, 'planning' is probably not the right word. I recognize that it would be good for me to get out of my comfort zone, and this looks like a good opportunity to do so anonymously in a city far from home where I don't know anyone." 

"You know me," he pointed out. 

"Do I?" 

Before he had a chance to respond, the three minute counter to start Round Three started. Instead of sitting at the bar, I decided to stand. Connor cocked a questioning eyebrow at me. 

"I've been sitting too long," I explained. "And I'm getting a bit of an adrenaline rush here. We could beat the whole room, don't you think?" 

"I know we can," he grinned. "I should stand too. We are a team, after all." 

As Round Three progressed I could feel the heat of Connor's body against my back. He moved closer and closer to me, almost imperceptibly, until I could feel his broad chest pressing against me. He had his arms wrapped around me so that we could both have our hands on the game console. When he knew an answer he would breathe it into my ear as he used the console. The scent of whiskey on his breath and the tickle of his beard against my cheek were making me weak at the knees. 

"Connor! If you want to win this, you're going to have to stop being so distracting!" 

"You find me distracting?" he teased, leaning in and giving me a soft kiss on my neck. "And here I thought you liked me only for my mind." 

I let out a soft groan and shivered but didn't have a chance to chide him before the next question started. As the lightning round of questions progressed, Connor continued to press soft kisses into my neck. He let go of the game console and caressed my body with his hands. I could feel his erection growing against my ass. 

"Damnit Connor! We've almost got it. Just two more questions." 

"You think I'm celebrating prematurely, beautiful?" 

"Win then celebrate," I told him. 

The scoreboard showed that we were ahead, but it was close enough that if either of the second or third place teams beat us in the final question, we would lose. We got the last question and I was elated. I knew the answer right off the bat and keyed it in the console. All we had to do was wait to see how the other teams did. When the final scores showed that 'C and C Trivia Factory' had won the night, a great 'whoop' went up and Connor swung me around to face him and planted the most sensual kiss I had ever experienced right on my mouth. His tongue slid over mine and then I sucked his lower lip into my mouth. The exhilaration of winning the game, the arousal from his touch, and the amount of alcohol I consumed had combined in a most volatile way to remove my inhibitions. I moaned my arousal right into his mouth. He broke our kiss and when I looked at him through lust-filled eyes, I recognized a desire matching my own in his eyes. 

"Room 1230," he murmured into my ear. "Wait ten minutes after I leave and meet me there?" 

I couldn't do more than nod my agreement and he was gone. I tried to settle up with the bartender, but he told me that Connor had already taken care of that. The wink he gave me made it clear that he had a good idea of what Connor had in mind for me. I wound my way through the bar to the restroom, but there was a long line. As I headed towards the exit and back to the hotel lobby I was congratulated by several people on our victory in the trivia games. I smiled proudly and accepted the compliments. 

I strolled slowly to the elevator and waited for it to arrive with a small group of people dressed as superheroes.They were all very excited about the various celebrities who were going to be at the Con. We all got in when the elevator finally arrived. I considered going to my room instead of Connor's. I certainly wasn't the type to indulge in casual sex, but Connor had really gotten to me with his caressing hands and soft lips. I had been wet since I felt his chest against my back during Round Three and I'd been feeling no pain due the the multiple mai tais. The other passengers all got off before me so I was alone when I exited the elevator on the 12th floor. I checked the signage and easily found Connor's room and knocked. 

The door swung open immediately and Connor pulled me inside. He didn't waste any time pushing me against the wall and renewing our passionate kisses. 

"Mmmm. Connor, please," I gasped. "Can I take a moment to get freshened up? The line was too long in the bar." 

"Of course, beautiful," he said, gesturing toward the door to the bathroom. "But don't take too long, I have been wanting to get you alone for hours." 

I used the facilities and then got a drink of water and then another. I knew that I needed to hydrate or I'd be miserable in the morning. Then I looked at myself in the mirror and tried to see what a hottie like Connor could see in me and decided he was into big tits like most guys. Not that I minded. It was good to have good assets. I know I'm cute, I have big eyes, a narrow nose, and full lips, but I'm not thin enough to be considered beautiful these days. I have too-wide hips, a narrow waist, and big tits. I look like I could bear a man a dozen babies while helping him on the farm by churning butter and baking bread. I then decided that I was nervous and stalling so I didn't give myself any more time to dawdle and opened the door. 

Connor again pulled me into an embrace, this time he pushed me against the wall and started removing my clothes. He pulled my t-shirt up and over my head and then unhooked my bra like an expert, pulling it away from my body and tossing it aside with a boyish grin. 

"God, you have great tits," he moaned, cupping them with his hands and then dipping his head to alternate between my nipples, sucking and nibbling on them. I moaned and wrapped my hands in his hair, holding his mouth against my breast. Once he had me writhing under his hands and mouth, he unfastened my jeans and pulled them down to the floor right along with my panties. 

"Christ you're wet!" he said, commenting on the evidence of my panties. He pulled off my sandals and then got my pants past my feet and just like that, I was standing in front of him completely naked. He was on his knees in front of me and I watched as he slowly drank me in, his eyes roamed my body. I would have felt self-conscious, but the look of admiration on his face went a long way towards dispelling my feelings of awkwardness. 

"Like what you see," I teased him breathily, just as he'd teased me at the bar. 

"Boy, do I," he growled. 

He leaned in towards me and planted a kiss just below my belly button. He alternated between licking and kissing the skin of my belly while stroking my inner thighs with his hands. He was making me so hot for him that I could feel my moisture pooling between my legs. He lifted my leg and put it over his shoulder, opening me up to him. 

"You smell delicious," he said before licking me from stem to stern. 

"Oh God!," I cried out, glad for the wall at my back since it was all that was keeping me upright. I could feel his beard against the lips of my pussy, his tongue tapping my clit until he slid down to fuck me with his tongue while his fingers strummed my clit. It didn't take long before I was rhythmic thrusting my hips, pushing my pussy onto his mouth. 

"I'm gonna come!" I moaned. "Oh god oh god oh god yesssssssss!" I shrieked. My entire body tensed. It felt like the top of my head was going to burst open and my toes curled up. Once my tremors passed, Connor gently lifted my leg from his shoulder and put my foot on the floor. I put my hand on the top of his head in an attempt to steady myself. 

He stood back up and I enjoyed the feeling of being small in front of his towering form. He lifted the hem of his t-shirt and pulled it up and over his head, revealing his muscular torso and three or four tattoos. Again I was struck with a sense of familiarity as I watched him wipe his face with his t-shirt. 

"Are you sure I don't know you? The tattoos look familiar. Maybe you used to be a lifeguard in the Outer Banks? My best friend lives there and we go to the beach a lot." 

"I am 100% sure I have never been a lifeguard," he smiled at me. He took the single step toward me and picked me up, causing me to cry out in surprise before giggling uncontrollably as he carried me over to his bed and tossed me on it. I watched him as he kicked off his shoes and peeled off his pants and boxer briefs, giving me my first view of his erection. I saw him grin at me and realized I'd licked my lips at the sight of him. Boy did I blush. He was easily the most well-endowed man I'd ever seen in person. 

"Like what you see," he said, his lips twisted in a smirk. 

"Boy do I," I whispered. 

I watched as his eyes darted around the room and then latched on a toiletry kit on top of the dresser. He all but ran over to it and rummaged around before pulling out a piece of foil, triumphant. 

"I never do stuff like this," he said, making his way back to the bed quickly. 

"Like what?" I asked him, watching as he carefully used his teeth to tear open the condom wrapper. 
