 The last Bike rally in Southern Indiana holds quite a few memories as well as mixed emotions for me this year.

After arriving and getting all checked in and registered we rode toward the back area of the rally.

We finally worked our way through the hordes of partiers and finally found a place to leave our Harleys. We walked around soaking up the sights and having a few beers and before long I was feeling pretty good and enjoying watching the diverse crowd of people strutting their stuff in the various stages of undress (some completely and unashamedly naked).

We wandered all over the backside of the rally and saw stuff I had never seen in my lifetime.

I was feeling a little frisky and jokingly told my husband that I should take off my pants and strut my stuff in a thong and chaps. He told me if I wanted to do it then go for it.

Failing to wear anything under my Harley Davidson jeans I went in search of a thong at the numerous merchandisers under the big tent by the band stage.

After finding one that would fit (size5) and was the right shade of light pink I carried it around in my pocket trying to muster the courage to expose my butt in public for everyone to see. After a few more beers I decided it was now or never so I told my husband that I needed to find a place to change into my thong. He told me to go back away from the crowd a little bit by the tree line separating the main area from the back forty. I worked my way toward the tree line weaving between the tents, bikes and partiers. When I reached the area I had chosen to change out of my jeans into my thong I scanned the area around to ensure I was as secluded from the revelers as possible. Also checking that my husband hadn't followed me to jump up and scare me like he usually always does. After taking off my boots and chaps I undid my jeans and pulled them down over my hips exposing myself completely for the world to see. The cool night summer breeze blew across my bare backside and neatly trimmed pussy and the anticipation of what I was about to do made me feel a little wicked and at the same time a little moist. I slipped the newly purchased thong on and made sure it fit and looked the way I desired. Next I put my chaps back on and then moved onto my boots. While bent over re-snapping my chaps around my boots I felt someone's right arm around my waist and a face pressed into my hair. I let out a little gasp and to this I heard the reply of Shhh.

I then felt his left hand reach up under my Harley shirt and begin to fondle my breasts and my nipples became instantly erect. I reached back to find that my husband had already exposed himself and was hard as a rock. I gripped him with my left hand and thought he seemed a little thicker than usual but I just wrote it off to the alcohol and level of excitement I was experiencing. His cock was very hot in my hand and I swore I could feel the blood coursing through the veins in his dick.

I slowly guided his throbbing cock past the thin strip of thong material and into my already moist pussy. He pressed his body even closer into mine and I could feel his hot breath on the back of my neck. Then he started to stoke ever so slowly in and out of me from the very tip of his penis to the point his pelvis ground into my ass. I ground back against his every thrust, which caused our excitement and tempo to increase until it reached a feverish pitch.

He pinched my nipples almost to the point of pain but it seemed to increase my passion.

It must have been the realization of what we were doing in public that heightened our excitement but it only took a few short moments for me to feel the internal shudders of an orgasmic wave start to pass through my entire body.

I then heard a low moan and felt the sensation of his cock pulsing and shooting his thick creamy delight into my dripping wet pussy. I love it when we cum together. He released his grip on my nipples and lessened the pressure on the arm that was wrapped around me as he slipped his jeans back up with his left hand. As he released me from his grip I felt a light kiss on my left cheek and the words thank you. I was completely in shock to realize that this was not my husband's voice I had just heard. My mind seemed to race at dizzying speeds. What just happened? How? Why? I was so confused I didn't know what to do. I glanced over my shoulder to catch a glimpse of this stranger as he walked away looking at me with his smile and a little knowing wink. I couldn't figure out what I was going to tell everyone, especially my husband, or was I going to tell at all. This could cause quite a scene at an otherwise peaceful gathering of motorcycle enthusiasts. I headed back to where I left my group with my mind in such a state of confusion. I thought and rethought my options but could not come up with a quick solution. As I walked I felt his cum start to ooze from me and worried it would run all the way down my leg. I reached into my pocket and took out a tissue and wiped his warm juice from my thighs. I couldn't decide whether to throw the tissue away or not so I placed it into one of my jacket pockets. Why I don't know? When I reached the people I had come to the rally with they were all a little busy watching the sites around them so my return went almost unnoticed until I reached over and gave my husband a kiss on the lips. He smiled and told me I looked really sexy. One member of our group gave their compliments and stated they thought I had gotten lost. I just smiled and replied, "Yeah for a little while I did". It wasn't long that the other people moving around the party were noticing I had only a thong and chaps on my bottom half and I was receiving quite a bit of attention and numerous compliments. This elevated my level of self-esteem to a new level and I felt fantastic. At around ten p.m. or so we moved to the stage area to check out the entertainment and one of the girls with us suggested we check out the sexy man contest on the outside stage so we ventured that way.

There were quite a few very sexy guys up there on the stage and a few that shouldn't have been but that's the way it always goes. While leaning back on my honeys chest I kept thinking that one of the guys on stage looked really familiar for some reason.

At one point I don't know if he actually smiled directly at me or if it was a general smile for the benefit of the audience. He was up there flexing his pecs and displaying his manhood for everyone to see (admire) and I could only wonder what thoughts were running through the minds of the numerous women gathered around.

Probably wondering what it might feel like to be with this guy. I on the other hand was just smiling to myself considering how fortunate I was to be at the right or wrong place at the right or wrong time.

My guy didn't win but I wasn't one of the judges either. My vote may have been swayed by personal knowledge the other judges didn't know about him.

As the night became late we made our way back to our bikes and after another beer and putting my jeans back on we mounted up and rode out of the rally toward our motel. When we rolled out the gate I glanced over my shoulder and let a little smile creep across my face realizing I had experienced a once in a lifetime event. I hugged in tight to my husband and told him I had a great time and that I loved him.

Some people may say I'm wrong for not saying anything but sometimes things are better left unsaid. Can't wait to see what new experiences the next rally might bring, maybe none, who knows? 

Enjoy and ride safe Custom Softail.