 He was sipping his coffee in a coffee bar, a couple of buildings down from his hotel. He had been in New York on a business trip, but due to cheaper flight options, he now had almost 48 hours before he flew back to London.

For the fourth or fifth time in as many seconds, he glanced at his watch, still another couple of minutes.

"Lets hope she is early" he thinks to himself. The city was busy and stuffy, warm and humid in the summer sun. This meeting had taken several weeks to arrange; plenty of emails and a couple of phone calls. He first met Mary on the ether, in an adult chat room, discussing erotic literature. They are both authors, expressing their sexual frustrations and desires in erotic fiction. Over a period of time, they knew each other's desire intimately, and on occasions had partaken in, what the onliners call it; cyber-sex.

Mary lived in California, and spent some time convincing her boss that she should visit their New York office at this particular time, as there was no real reason for her to be here. But she could not either afford the flight, or explain to her husband why she wanted to go to New York, work was the only option available to her to make this trip. She had arrived the previous night, and spoke to him on the phone. He was still in town, for another 48 hours or so...

Again he looked at his watch, and then out onto the street. Yet another police siren could be heard.

"Hello Mark" she softly said

He looked round suddenly, surprised. He saw her, looking much prettier then in the photos she had sent him. He stood up, and introduced him self, a slight stutter, partially from being caught unaware, off guard but also out of apprehension of what may lie ahead.

Immediately behind Mary was a waitress, in a short skirt and tight top, bringing two cups of coffee, the waitress placed the cups on the table and left.

She looked wonderful he thought out aloud

"Well thank you," she replied, smiling. She wore a dark blouse and a long skirt. Her long naturally blonde hair was free, reaching half way down her back. Conversation was in soon full flow as they chatted, as if they had known each other since time began. In some ways, they had, mainly in the chat room, or on Instant Messenger, and a couple of phone calls. But they had not met before.

Whilst they chatted, he started to feel something rub against his calf, feeling the leather on his skin. He looked into Mary's eyes, and she smiled, rubbing her legs harder into him. Very naturally, she unfastened a button on her blouse, exposing more of her tanned skin of her cleavage. Again they smiled at each other.

"So what's your hotel like?" she asked softly. "Very comfortable," he replied, "even got two double beds in the room!"

Very slowly she unfastened another button on her blouse.

"Well let's go then" she stated, wearing a seductive, sultry look on her face. 

She stood up and took his hand, squeezing it tight as she did so. She was pleasantry surprised, he was nicer than she had imagined, if not slightly slow. He was witty, intelligent and well good looking. She knew that she had to have him, feel his cock inside her.

She closed the door to his room behind her, as she walked up close to him, pressing her breasts into his back as she hugged him from behind, her hand slowly moving down to his crutch, feeling his cock stirring through his pants.

"Mark, TURN AROUND" she demanded, forcefully but gently at the same time. She had just made up her mind, she was going to fuck this Englishman and fuck him hard, she knew she had to have him.

He turned around slowly, to begin with, but as her hands touched his face, things moved quickly as she pulled him round, pulling his mouth to her eager lips, open and waiting, her tongue already exposed. She kissed him heavily, passionately. 

As she kissed him, her hands caressed his body firmly through his clothes, before stroking his crutch, feeling his man hood stir at the unexpected attention. Mary was hot for him. This she knew, but not quite sure why. Was it because he was English? Was it because he was almost 5 years younger? She did not know, and nor did she care.

Their tongues soon were intertwined, wrestling with each other, as she moved her hands onto his face, holding his cheeks as she pulled him close to her, kissing him, deeply, with a passion she has never felt since her twenties, before marriage.

Finally she withdrew, gasping for air. They were both hot, despite the air-conditioning in the room, both blushed, signs of perspiration visible...

Her hands quickly moved to his trousers, unfastening the belt, the button and the zips, sliding them down his legs. With a huge push, he was laying on the bed, a look of bewilderment in his face, as she wrestled with his shoes and pants, leaving him on the bed, his ~6 inches of hard man hood visible. 

In front of him, she dropped her skirt, revealing her stockings, thong and knee high boots. Eager to feel him inside her, she climbed onto the bed, straddling him. Pulling aside her thong, she lowered her self down onto him quickly. She had only met him an hour ago, and she was so hot for him.

He looked on, with a sly smile on his face. Never, in his life had he known a woman, so processed, so eager to ride him as she slowly started to slide her self up and down him. Reaching up, he quickly started to unfasten her blouse, in the rush, a button or two were removed from the blouse as she let the blouse slide of her shoulders. 

She stopped moving, but slowly started to tease his cock with her vagina muscles, working him, slowly, teasingly, unfastening her bra at the same time. She leant forward thrusting her pierced nipples into his face

"Suck them, bite them..."

He did as he was told, taking a nipple in between his teeth biting and tugging, feeling the earrings in between his teeth, hearing her moan as he did so; feeling her muscles stop working his cock. Slowly she started to ride him, sliding her wet pussy up and down. Picking up her rhythm, he started to thrust his hips in time of hers, grunting loudly as he did so.

Mary picked up the pace, riding him like the wind, gasping loudly with each thrust, as she leant over him grinding her hips down into his groin.

"Oh God, Oh god" she blurted out "stroke my clit Ppleasseeeeeeee."

Whilst still thrusting his hips in time with her, he moved his hand and started to stroke at the top of her pussy, finding her enlarged clit very quickly. As he started to stroke and rubs it, she yelled, as an intense orgasm hit her body. She continued to ride him, and he too lost control, as he shouted at the top of his voice, a shuddering climax hitting him as he spurted his spunk deep into her, body shaking and convulsing. She collapsed on top of him, their bodies glistening with their perspiration, hugging, kissing. The whole fuck lasted barely 10 minutes such was the intensity. 

They just lay there, in their assorted garments, resting on the pillows, not a ward was spoken, as their hands gently caressed each other, both regaining their strength. 

How long they had laid there and cuddled, he did not know, as he felt her breasts rise and sink as she breathed. But slowly she stirred her caresses become more frequent and firmer. Mary moved, positioning herself onto all fours as she leant down and started to smother his body in kisses, and licks. 

She moved down to his manly chest, taking a nipple in her mouth, between her teeth. Gently at first she tugged at it slowly, gently. Mark moaned, his hand caressing her long blonde hair. Her nibbling became firmer, as she bite into his nipple, feeling it harden in between her lips, her fingers gently caressing his body, brining it back to life. She moved onto his other nipple, sucking on it first, feeling it harden between her full lips. Slowly, she flicked his nipple with her tongue, flicking, kissing, teasing, as he moaned constantly, low soft quiet moans, ones of soft gentle pleasure.

She slowly moved, downwards, covering his body with soft, gentle kisses, whilst lightly stroking him with her long fingernails. Finally she reached his cock, still flaccid. She took him in her mouth, and gently stroked him, fondling his balls with her other hands, brining it back to life. She took him all, rubbing her tongue over it, as her hand stroked him. It started to twitch, growing as it hardened. She could taste their combined juices, from their first furious fuck.

She licked the shaft, nibbling, feeling it grow. She moved down t his balls, gently kissing the sac, before taking a ball deep inside her mouth, sucking gently, hearing his soft moaning harden, his breathing becoming deeper, quicker. She continued, with one, and then the other kissing and sucking as she did so, before moving on. She explored what was beyond his testicles, with her tongue, licking and kissing. 

She was soon at his anus, allowing her tongue to swirl at the entrance. He let out a little yelp, followed by a slow moan, on of intense pleasure. She kissed, and licked, using her tongue to moisten his ass with her saliva, allowing her tongue to slowly go deeper, feeling him tighten around her tongue, and gasping, whilst her hands stoked his now hard cock, slowly with deep purposeful strokes.

As she continued to play with him, they maneuvered themselves into a sixty-nine position, he started to kiss the sides of her thighs, moving up to her pussy, whilst she continued to stroke him, and tickle his anus. He reached her pussy, it was still wet from their previous fuck, tasting their old juices, together with her new juices.

Hi sought out her clit, and flicked his tongue over it, whilst inserting a finger up her pussy, twisting it, wriggling it, feeling her hips gyrate with his movements. He could feel her hot breath on his balls, as she gasped, each time he l kissed and flicked her clit. Mary was getting excited again, she wanted him in her, but, even more, she wanted control...

She climbed of Mark, smiling at him, as she returned her self to the original position, laying on the lower part of the bed, in between his spread-eagled legs. She ran her fingernails up and down Mark’s shaft, slowly, teasingly. Her other hand caressed his sac, his aching balls before she leant down, her tongue protruding in the most provocative manner. Mark, reached for additional pillows, so he could see Mary at work. 

She moaned gently, as her tongue found a drop of precum oozing out of his man hood. Swirling her tongue, she tasted it.

“Hmmm lovely” she whispered, before slowly lowering her mouth over his cock, enveloping it tightly between her lips, gently grinding her teeth into the side of his shaft, as she slowly lowered her self onto him taking him all inside her. Slowly she started to slide her head, up and down, her hands gently caressing hid sac, stroking his balls in turn. Her movements were slow, deliberate, raging from her fingers, her tongue, licking and swirling the tipi of his manhood, to the sliding of her mouth. Her lips against the side of his shaft as she fucked his cock with her mouth.

Mark just laid there, moaning, his breathing irregular, his eyes closed as hi enjoyed the sensations, the pleasure that she was giving him. Slowly, she increased the tempo, wrapping her lips round his shaft tighter, her teeth nibbling the tip of his erection, and her fingers caressing his tesitcales, his balls, teasing the enterance to his ass.

“Oh Fuck” Mark moaned loudly, “I’m gonna cum soon... Sooooo goodddddd.”

On hearing this, Mary quickened her pace further... Sliding her mouth, her lips over his shaft, fondling his balls, fucking his cock with her mouth.

Mary sensed the contractions within him, could feel he was about to explode...

She stopped, moved her mouth and smiled at Mark, who was groaning with the onset of his orgasm. Mark soon realised the situation, as Mary continued to smile. Slowly, her mouth returned to his cock, licking the shaft, kissing the shaft, nibbling, her tongue expertly teasing the out side, moving from the head, down on to his shaft. His balls were also given the same lingering treatment, her tongue expertly licking, taking a ball into her mouth one at a time, gently sucking. Mark was moaning, from frustration at not being able to release himself, but also the pleasure, the sensations he was feeling. 

Her tongue slowly found his anus again, as she kissed the entrance, allowing her tongue to probe deeper, pushing back against the tightness of the passageway, as her tongue entered deep, making Mark moan. Meanwhile, she gently placed a hand onver his shaft, and started to work the foreskin, back and forth, slowly, hearing him moan with each stroke, feeling his hands on her head, as he soon begged for release, to be able to cum.

She stopped.

She looked up at him with the most evil of grins.

“I didn’t hear you” she stated.

“Oh god, Mary, please let me cum, stop teasing me you ...”

“You WHAT?” she replied.

“Bitch” he blurted out.

“Ouch” was Marks next comment, as Mary forced her thumb up his ass, as punishment...

Before he knew it, Mary’s lips returned to his throbbing, aching cock, as she lowered her lips over the shaft, letting her tongue treat the head, tasting the precum oozing. Mary’s head soon started to move with long quick strokes, as she sucked on his cock, one hand fondling his balls, the other twisting her thumb up his ass. 

She increased the tempo, of her tongue, her lips sliding and her thumb, sensing the onset of his orgasm, she moved a hand to the shaft.

“FFFFuckkkkkk” was Mark’s response, has his body twitched, , shook, as the orgasm took control of his body, sending jet after jet in between Mary’s lips. She had to move her mouth, as the creamy cum dribbled down the sides of her lips, onto her chin. She continued to milk him, stroking with her hand, as a final jet landed on his chest and neck...

She moved up to him, licking her lips, before holding Marks face, and kissing him deeply, using her tongue, she passed some of his cum into his mouth, Snowball kissing him. He returned the kiss, unsure as to what was happening. Quickly he tried to move his head away, but her grip was strong... as she held him, wrestling with his tongue, probing deep into his mouth, sucking on his tongue.

Finally, she collapsed... as they lay there, hugging. Both had a look of content, enjoying holding each other, caressing each other as they slowly drifted to sleep.