 The people in this story all came out of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental and was not the intent of the author. It is fiction, people. The people in the story do not exist. I'm writing it for my own entertainment and I hope for your pleasure as well. 

All the characters in this story are at least 18 years of age. There are no minors involved in acts of a sexual nature in my story..

BB

Chapter 03:

The very private services of a private secretary

    ...........................................

"Oh please ma'am please let me cum. I just can't take any more of this sweet torture. Please bring me to climax. If you do I'll make you cum and cum and cum, as many times as you demand, but my balls will explode if you don't relieve the pressure. I have to cum."

She looked up at me, a triumphant smile on her lips. She knew that she had won this round. I was helpless and at her mercy. "Do you swear that you will do anything that I ask of you, no matter what it may be?" she asked.

"Yes, oh yes, anything, I promise. All you need do is ask and I'll do exactly what you say." 

"You know I'll hold you to that promise and punish you severely if you break your word."

"Yes, Yes I know. I'll do whatever you ask. Just get me off, before I go mad."

She turned her attention back to my swollen cock. Once again her lips plunged over the mushroom head and moved up and down the shaft, while at the same time tickled my balls with her finger- tips. 

At last she would let me cum. My hips pushed in and out against her sucking mouth. 

Her endless teasing was behind us. This time she was going after my warm heavy cream. It was racing up the tubes inside my penis but this time she didn't stop holding me in agony. She wanted my cum now and she was going after every drop. 

"Oh yeah baby, it is going to blow this second. There is no way you can stop it now. Oh yeah, oh yeah AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!" The cum shot out of my body in a steady stream that lasted for several seconds, without let up. Then squirt, squirt, squirt for several more seconds until at long last it became a trickle. Even after the trickle subsided my cock still spit out intermittent globs of cream for several minutes. 

I fell back on the couch, completely exhausted. I could not even lift my head I was so weak. 

Lynda continued to lick up any drops of my cum on my tummy and groin area until she was sure that she had gotten it all. 

Now this was a woman that thought nothing of leaving a $500.00 bottle of champagne in an open bottle to spoil after only a couple of sips. But she wouldn't leave even a single drop of my cum unclaimed by her greedy tongue and her sucking lips.

I lay there on her office couch, too exhausted to resist her demanding lips. Far too weak to resist her wanton demands. But also, my body was like a rag doll. So much so that whatever her demands may be, I would need time to recover my strength before I could comply with her wishes. 

I could not help myself. My cock had gone from a magnificent and mighty spear to a limp wet strip of news paper. In spite of her curses and threats, at the very least it was simply going to take a while before I was physically capable of performing intercourse with her. Finally she realized this and let me be. 

Right there on Lynda's office couch, I slept. While I was sleeping, my dreams were filled with sweet sex: Pictures of large but firm breasts, wet dripping cunts, Soft red lips and loving tongues lapping at the mushroom head of my long hard cock.  

..................

Finally I awoke to the gentle shaking of my naked body. "Gerry are you wake?" the voice came from far away, but it was not quite real to my mind. "Gerry, wake up, wake up, Gerry." It was becoming a little clearer. It was a soft gentle feminine voice.

Slowly I awoke. Still a little dazed, her face gradually became clearer It was Helen's face, Lynda's beautiful secretary.

"Are you awake now, Gerry?" She smiled down at me. 

Finally I sat up, and realizing I was naked, I did my best to hide my body by covering my penis with my hands. I looked around and discovered we were alone together in Lynda's office. "Where is Lynda," I asked?

"Oh she has a business meeting this afternoon and will be gone until well after six," she said. "She told me to wake you when your clothes came, and then to entertain you until she returned this evening." She said this with a coy smile and a wink. 

It was very obvious what she meant by, 'entertain me.' 

I grinned back at her and asked, "what time is it now?"

"Oh it is a little before 3, I sent the rest of the office staff home early so we are all alone here." Again that same coy smile graced her full lips. 

"My, wasn't that nice of you to give the office staff half the day off," I told her with a broad grin on my lips. "Did you say that my clothes were ready and back. Where are they?"

"Oh I left them in the outer office for now. I don't think you will be needing them just yet anyway." She was giggling to herself when she said this. She sat down beside me on the couch and placed her soft hand on my inner thigh. 

I was starting to get a pretty large erection at her words and her intimate touching. 

Helen slowly moved her hand up my inner thigh, until she was caressing the shaft of my growing cock. "Oh my, aren't you a big little man, though?" She still had that coy smile as she played with my hard cock.

I winked at her, and with a conspiratory smile said to her, "don't you think that you are a little over-dressed for this game?"

Helen stood on her feet before me. She looked down at my smiling face. When her gaze traveled farther down my body to my erect cock, she licked her soft, red lips sensuously. "MMMMMM!!!!!!!!" she said, "You look yummy, Gerry. I just love to suck a nice hard cock."

"Oh my God you are really turning me on Helen, I gasped. "Are you sure it is safe? I mean what if Lynda came back early and caught us together?" 

"Before Lynda left, she told me to be sure and entertain you. Now what do you think she meant by that?"

"Well I don't know what she meant," I said. 

"Well sweety, I know exactly what she meant. This is not the first time that I have entertained a man at Lynda's request. It happens all the time," she said. "Usually though, they are much older men. Seldom are they as cute or as young as you." 

I blushed a little as I thanked her for the compliment. 

"Not at all," she said while her fingers tugged at the zipper on the side of her dress. "This is one assignment I'm going to particularly enjoy performing." 

I could tell that Helen had an absolutely stunning figure, even before her dress was completely removed. 

Her dress finally fell to the floor, revealing her skimpy bra and panties, along with a matching garter belt and nylons. 

The sight of this little vixen temptress was enough to take my breath away. Her body was a work of art. Just waiting for the sculptor's hand. She had the fresh face of a young innocent girl. I knew, though, that there was nothing innocent about her. She had the talent and skill of a high-priced call her. She knew how to tease and to please any man beyond all reason. 

She stood there in front of me and pushed her hand down inside her panties with a wanton smile on her lips. She was obviously masturbating herself with her fingers. While making a show of it for my pleasure. 

She had me almost hypnotized--I just couldn't look away from her, although why would I even want to look anywhere else at this particular moment? 

Helen took her hands out of her panties and unsnapped her nylons from her garter belt. Them she rolled them down her shapely legs and off her feet. 

The bra was next: she looked down at me and said, "would you mind terribly if I asked you to help me with my bra?" 

I was on my feet in an instant. She was facing away from me so she backed into my body until her shapely ass was against my hard cock. 

When I felt this, I groaned with my lust and pushed my hard cock against her beautiful ass.

Helen purred like a kitten and brushed her ass cheeks back and forth against my hard cock. 

My pleasure senses were on overdrive and I started to shake with the overwhelming feelings I was experiencing. 

She took both my hands in hers and held my palms to the front of her bra cups. She leaned back her head and whispered, "my bra honey, you were going to help me take off my bra."

I reached around behind her and unhooked her bra, letting it loose from her firm young breasts. Then my palms came back around her front. And I caressed and held both her breasts in my palms.

She gasped, "Oh yeah baby, you know just the way I love to be held by a man. Firm yet gentle, not rough like some clumsy oaf."

Still in my embrace, she turned her body around until she was facing me. Then covered my lips with her own soft and sensual lips. Each of our tongues came out inviting the others' out to play. 

I was totally naked and Helen was naked except for her garter belt. 

Helen reached down and opened the garter belt then let if fall to the floor. 

She let her finger-tips explore my body, while my fingers did the same thing to her. We played this game for several minutes, allowing our arousal level to reach its peak before Helen sank to the carpet and rolled onto her back. Then she motioned to me with her hands to join her on the floor. Then she guided me into the 69 position. 

First she said, "I want us to give each other oral pleasures. Then I want you to climb on top of me and fuck my brains out."

A few seconds later I felt the touch of her soft lips on the mushroom head of my hard penis.

At the same time I put my tongue to work on the swollen lips of her vagina 

At the very first touch of my tongue Helen bucked into my face and let out a moan of passion.

After I got this reaction I speeded up the pace of my tongue moving up and down her slit.

Her hips were bouncing around all over the office carpet. "Oh yeah baby, you have a very talented tongue," she moaned, as she pushed herself even more forcefully into my face. 

I was going as fast as I could; her cunt was delicious. The most wonderful part was the faster and harder I worked my tongue, the more of her sweet cream flowed into my eager mouth. And I gobbled it down like a starving baby.

Regardless of the distraction of my pleasure giving tongue, she went after my cock with a vengeance. Her lips formed an airtight seal around my cock, while at the same time her head bounced up and down my shaft. Every time her head came up my shaft to the top, her tongue would take a fast swipe across the spongy head. It was both thrilling and maddening at the same time. Thrilling due to the extreme pleasure her mouth was giving me and maddening because she was not yet ready to allow me to climax.

After licking and sucking her pussy lips for several minutes I noticed her clitoris was peeking out about a half an inch at the top of her pussy slit. Her clit looked to me to be twice again larger than most women's clits. 

I thought to myself that this would explain why Helen was so eager to experience all of the pleasures of sex. She was a nymphomaniac. Unlike most woman with her condition she was very capable of achieving a sexual climax. Only she needed climax, after climax, after climax. No one man could ever be enough for her needs. No man could survive her lavish attentions, but what a way to go. I had to smile at the thought of being fucked to death by a beautiful woman like Helen. 

I concluded that my best course of action would be to bring her to climax as many time as possible orally, while at the same time denying myself climax for as long as I could. That way I could give several orgasms with out exhausting myself.

Helen could feel a big climax starting to roll over her. "Oh yeah baby keep licking and sucking on my clit. You know what I want. Don't stop now, honey." She was bouncing wildly on the carpet. 

I had no intention of stopping now or in the near future. I reached underneath her bum and held the cheeks to her ass firmly in my grip. This gave me some degree of control, so that I was able to stay with her through the wild movements of her orgasms and maintain contact. 

Between her and Lynda I was learning how to keep my tongue moving and stimulating a clitoris to climax.

Helen's hands were down at my head. She ran her fingers through my hair. She was begging me not to stop, but to keep going, giving the vagina such wonderful pleasures that she was squealing with delight. 

I do not remember when or how but at sometime during our love play we had gotten out of our sixty nine position and I was laying with my body between her spread legs, and my head buried in her pussy. 

We were so engrossed in the oral sex with each other that we never heard the door to Lynda's office open behind us.

When Lynda stepped into the office she never made a sound. She was neither surprised or shocked by the scene she saw on her office floor She just stood by the door getting herself turned on by the action.

She started removing her own clothes while never taking her eyes off the couple on her floor. She removed her clothing quickly. She was too aroused by the sexy scene to strip out of her clothes slowly. She wanted to join in with the action in a hurry.

Gerry jumped with fright when he felt Lynda's soft hands on his body.

Helen felt the sudden change in Gerry's attentions, so looking up she saw the naked body of Lynda had joined them. She smiled happily to herself, "Now this party can really get going."

  .............................................

This ends part 03 of my story. I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it. If you did enjoy it, then please write to me and let me know. We all need encouragement. And I admit I love having my ego stroked as much as any man. Also I would love to hear about any ideas you may have to use in my stories. There are more chapters to this story in the works. I'll try and keep it going until you, the reader stop sending me mail asking me to go on with it. So just like my story's hero I'm yours to command.

BB