 I rounded the corner into my bedroom and there you were, lying on the bed with the blanket covering all but your shoulders, neck, head, and your calves. I smiled and snickered as I moved to the foot of the bed, then I placed a hand on your ankle and slowly slid it up your calf and it disappeared under the blanket as it passed up over your knee to your thigh, and you rolled onto your back and sighed. I then pulled the blanket aside just enough to slide up under the blanket with you, noticing that you had on only a pair of boxers and a nightshirt. My hands slid slowly up over the tops of your thighs and to your stomach as I slid up against you under the blanket, emerging to be face to face with you as you still slept, or at least I thought you were sleeping.

I felt your arms reach out for me as I saw your eyes drift open, and you rolled onto your side and brought one of your legs up and laid it on my side across my waist. My hands at this point were slowly caressing your stomach, then your back, then they slowly drifted down to your butt but before I got there, you smiled wickedly and rolled yourself over on top of me, straddling me at the waist. You then grabbed my arms at the wrists and placed both hands on the bed, then you brought your hands back to the bottom of your nightshirt and began to slowly peel it off of you, but then I stopped you from getting it off of you.

I then looked up and you and smiled, then I wrapped my arms around you and pulled you down to me and locked you in a passionate kiss, my hands sliding up and down your back, going all the way down to your ass and grasping it for a moment occasionally and massaging it before my hands slid back up your back. As I began to kiss down your neck slowly, you leaned down and began to whisper some naughty things in my ear, wanting to see what my reaction will be. My hands slid up your thighs and inside the edges of your shorts, caressing your skin, sliding up a little farther each time I ran them down and then back up. You then slid your hands down and began slowly massaging my chest and shoulders, then leaned down and kissed my neck and then began kissing down my chest. 

By this time my hands had finally found their way to your shirt and I began to slowly pull it off of you. I then whipped it aside as I got it off of you, revealing your breasts, which I slid my hands up and began caressing slowly as you leaned down again. I leaned up and met you on the way down and began kissing around your breasts slowly, working around them in circles from the base of each to the nipple with my tongue. My hands found their way back to your ass and I began kneading it with my hands gently as you laid on top of me and I ran my tongue over and sucked on each of your breasts. I heard you sigh a pleasured sigh as you lifted your head up slightly and your hands found my hair and you began tugging on it playfully.

As my mouth broke from your nipple it quickly found your mouth and we locked together in a heated kiss, our tongues rolling over and over each other. My hands found their way to the boxers you were wearing and I began slowly sliding them down off of you, down your thighs and, when they got to your calves, you slid your legs out of them and kicked them off. You then reached down and undid my pants as we continued the kiss, but you suddenly broke it, both of us breathing a little more heavily with each second as you pulled my pants down and off of me, taking my boxers with them.

You then slid your hand up my thigh, your fingertips playing over my skin before your hand reached my cock, but you didn’t linger on it for more than a second with your hand, your fingers slowly running from the base to the head and down the other side. Your hand continued up over my stomach to my chest as you straddled my thigh, rubbing your pussy over my leg slowly as you moved toward my cock, but just before you got there, I stopped you and took your hand, then I rolled on my side and rolled you onto your back. I slid down between your thighs and I placed your legs on my shoulders as I slid my hands to your hips and I pulled you toward me slowly, then as my tongue parted my lips, I slowly ran it along the length of your pussy, letting you feel how warm and wet my tongue feels. I then rolled my tongue over your clit and began to gently suck on it as you began moving your hips, pressing yourself against me almost urgently.

I slid my hands up your body, one going to your right breast, kneading and teasing it, and the other to your mouth, letting you suck on my fingers as my lips and tongue worked over your clit, causing you to moan slightly and gasp urgently as you pressed yourself against me even more urgently than before. I felt the bed begin to shake slightly as you reached back for the headboard as I sucked on your clit harder and harder, pulling my hand off your breast and sliding it down to your pussy, and before I slid my fingers inside you, I wetted them with my tongue and began slowly running them up and down your pussy, teasing you, causing you to cry out for me. I slid my fingers into you and immediately felt how tight your pussy was already becoming as it throbbed against my fingers. You mashed your pussy up into my face, arching your back as your nails dug into the wood of the headboard, I felt your pussy tighten violently on my fingers as I worked them in and out of you furiously. You moaned loud, then let out a sharp cry as I felt your juices coat my fingers as you came hard.

Suddenly you clamped your thighs around my head and then rolled me over using only your hips. As you got on top you pulled yourself away from me and slid down me, positioning your pussy over my cock and sliding down onto it slowly, and my hands worked their way down you slowly, coming to rest on your hips as you began to rock back and forth on me, first very slowly, then picking up the pace and going down harder on me, grinding your hips down into me as you work my cock around inside you. You kept riding me harder and harder with each second, my cock beginning to swell inside you as you rocked back and forth hard and fast. My hands found their way to your breasts and just as you were leaning back, I slid my hands to the top of your breasts and pulled you back to me, wrapping my mouth around your left nipple again, my tongue flicking at it until it became diamond hard, then I pulled my mouth off and ran my tongue slowly down the inside of your breast, into the valley between, then up your right breast, I then took your right nipple into my mouth and began sucking on it as I leaned up and began thrusting in rhythm with you grinding your hips down onto me, driving me farther and harder inside you.

You threw your head back for a moment, then your hands found the sides of my head and you tilted my head back and leaned down and we locked in another passionate kiss as you rode my cock, driving it into you all the way to the hilt. You then changed positions slightly, coming up off your knees for a moment before wrapping your legs fully around me, and as we rocked together, you squeezed my ribs slightly with your thighs with each thrust as I began to feel your pussy start to tighten and throb on my cock. Your hands locked behind my neck as we broke the kiss and you threw your head back again in ecstasy. Finally, after we could take it no longer, we both came hard, then we headed for the shower to clean ourselves off. 

When we got to the shower, as I watched the water cascade down over your full, luscious, breasts and your shapely hips and thighs, I couldn’t take it any longer, I slid up behind you, soap in hand, and began to slowly wash your back, first soaping you down, then kneading the soap, massaging you as my hands worked over your back. Finally my hands found their way to your hips and I pulled you back toward me, my cock once again hard, then I slid myself inside you gently and began slowly thrusting, and you began asking for more, and I obliged, working my cock in slow circles around you as the cold water dripped down over your body and mine. You twisted around and you put an arm around my neck, placing a hand against the shower wall as you worked your hips against me again, pressing yourself hard against me, the two of us working furiously to make each other cum once again as we locked in a feverish kiss, your hand finding my hair again and you tugging on it almost roughly as I worked my cock into you faster and harder with each passing second. Finally you put both hands on the wall and broke the kiss as I worked you up to the point where you were standing on your tiptoes as I worked my cock in and out of you as hard and fast as I could, then finally the two of us came once again, and I pulled out of you slowly, letting the water wash me clean. Finally the two of us washed each other down and toweled off before heading back to the bedroom, where we laid and cuddled until both of us fell asleep.