 Chapter 2: First Meeting

After the experience they shared over the webcam a meeting is arranged. A public place is suggested for safety reasons so it is agreed that they meet at a park in a secluded area not far from the pond.

He arrives at the designated area excited about the meeting. She is already there waiting for him. He stands there and just looks at her; she is wearing a white low-cut top which he can see through. She isn't wearing a bra and he becomes hard. He looks down to see her wearing a short black skirt and out from the skirt are long lean legs. She is sitting there. Waiting. He decides to makes his presence known.

She turns and smiles a sexy smile and looks pleased with what she sees. He goes to her and sits down on the bench. He just wants to reach out and touch her but daren't in case she minds. As if she reads his thoughts a hand reaches out and grabs his and places it on her thigh. They look at each other and it's as if a silent understanding has been made between them.

No need for words....

She leans over and her breasts sway ever so slightly underneath the sheer material. One hand goes to the side of his face and pulls him closer. She starts to nibble on his bottom lip. Then the nibbles turn into a kiss, ever so soft and teasing at first then her kisses start to become more intense and passionate. He kisses her back with the same passion.

She grabs his hand and starts to move it slowly up her thigh while the other hand starts to undo his pants. The discovery as her hand moves his up her thigh that she isn't wearing any underwear causes his cock to start pushing against his pants straining to be freed. She finishes undoing his pants and frees his cock and takes it in one hand and starts to lightly stroke it with a finger, ever so softly and ever so teasingly.

She pulls her legs slightly apart to allow him easier access to her pussy. He moves his hand up and feels nothing but smooth skin and a slight trace of wetness. The kiss deepens and a hand is exploring his chest while the other continues to stroke his hard cock.

The kisses start to move. He feels soft lips nibbling an ear and then his neck. The straps on her top fall down revealing soft breasts.

A soft whisper, "my turn to take control" is uttered.

He is pushed back onto the seat.

Soft kisses start to travel down his neck. His top is lifted up and hands are exploring, everywhere. A wet tongue travels down his chest to his belly-button. Her breath is warm against his skin.

All he can see is the silky blonde of her hair as she kneels before him. A tongue darts out and tenderly starts to lick and suckle on his engorged cock.

An intake of breath.....

Her mouth starts to slowly envelop him while hands are cupping and rubbing his smooth balls. A tongue is licking up and down, the wetness and sensations created are mind-blowing to him.

All of a sudden his cock is fully enveloped in her mouth and her head starts to move up and down, up and down. All the while her tongue is flicking all around. He throws his head back as the sensations overtake him and he fails to see her look of pure enjoyment thrown his way.

The explosion is sudden, yet not a drop gets spilt. A sigh of pleasure is to be heard.

His turn for control now....

She is gently pushed down on the grass. Legs spread wide. A trail of wetness runs down her thigh. Fingers slowly work their way up the inside of her thigh, then stop. Eyes take in the wetness of her tight pussy. A tongue starts to probe around an engorged clit, a soft moan escapes.

A hand comes down to pull lips further apart to allow for easier access to her clit. Fingers join the tongue in exploration. Soft, tantalising strokes and the darting of tongue is felt and a heat spreads throughout her whole body.

The exploration of her hot, wet pussy continues....

Hips start to rise up from the ground and a hand becomes entwined in his dark brown hair. Legs become further spread apart. Soft moans can be heard. A finger slides into her wetness, and then is joined by another. In and out, in and out. At first slowly then the speed picks up. His tongue starts to delve deeper beneath the hood of her clit, searching and then finding. Licking and flicking faster and faster.

A cry of pure ecstasy escapes her lips....

Hips start to move with the rhythm of his tongue. Tightness surrounds his fingers and a back becomes arched. His fingers become enveloped in wetness and they quickly become replaced by a tongue. Every last drop is lapped up.

The hardness of his cock can be felt against her leg.

A soft whisper "Fuck me now" is uttered....

Two bodies slide together to merge as one....

He slowly enters her warm, tight pussy. Legs widen further to allow his engorged cock to delve even deeper. All of a sudden legs become entwined, and he finds himself on his back. Breasts are brushed against bare skin and a deep passionate kiss begins.

Abruptly the kiss stops....

Her body arches back and hips start to move. Breasts sway with each movement. Hands reach down to stroke her swollen clit. His go to her hips. Powerful arms help to lift hips up and down higher each time. The view of the finger on her clit and a cock impaling her pussy each time hips come down almost sends him over the edge.

A position change occurs....

Hands go to her hips as he watches his cock penetrate her from behind. A hand comes from below to fondle his swollen balls. He starts to thrust into her, slowly at first, gaining speed each time. The hand travels from his balls to her clit.

A small moan and then "Fuck me harder" is all that can be heard....

As speed increases, her hips are brought back each time to meet with his thrusts, harder and harder, whilst the finger on her clit moves more rapidly. Muscles contract to grip his cock even tighter and juices start to run down her thigh.

Urgency overcomes them both....

He pulls out and quickly lies on her on the ground, at the same time plunging deep inside her while kissing her. Her pussy starts to tighten around him as he plunges once more deeply inside her. Hands go to his buttocks. Fingernails dig into skin. The intensity between his throbbing cock and her pulsating muscles heightens.

They explode together as one....

Sated, they lay there, in each others arms, still joined, juices co-mingling. Softly kissing and stroking the other's face. Reluctantly they come apart.

Leaving, they fail to hear the gentle crunching of leaves.