 He was arriving soon...We had been emailing and sending naughty pics to each other for 6 months. All of switch were driving me to distraction, as many a late night masturbation session could attest!!! Finally, I would get to feel him, taste him, smell him...I was getting a bit moist just thinking about! 

In anticipation of this long awaited event, I had gone out and bought myself some new sexy lingerie, black and lacy with little pink bows in interesting locations. In addition, I went out and bought myself a sexy new dress. I wanted to meet him in something he hadn't seen me wear in pictures. The dress I picked was extremely low cut and showed my ample cleavage. It was a mini dress so it sat rather high on my thighs. I ran my hands over my curves and checked my look in the mirror. As I did so, I couldn't help but imagine his hands there instead of mine. I slid on my sexiest black heels and headed to the airport.

I arrived at the airport just a bit early. I tried to keep my body from trembling as I waited for his plane to disembarque. Finally, I saw him. Our eyes met, and I began to walk towards him slowly. When I reached him, my hands instinctively slid around his neck and we were kissing before I really knew what was happening. His hands slid around my waist. He pulled me close to him and kissed me deeply. As the tip of his tongue touched mine, I felt electricity all throughout my body. This was the moment I had anticipated for so long. He was finally here! His body deliciously close to mine. His hand slid down and gently caressed my ass. I found myself arching my back in response to his touch. I wanted him so bad! His smell was intoxicating, musky and fresh, like sweat and soap. The taste of his mouth was exquisite, familiar, yet somehow unrecognizable. I didn't know how long I could wait to be with him, but I didn't want to seem too eager, so I suggested we get some dinner. He agreed, telling me they hadn't served dinner on the plane and he was famished. 

We went to a local diner. It was inexpensive and the food was good. I could barely concentrate on my dinner with him in such close proximity to me. We tried to behave in a nonchalant manner, making small talk inbetween bites. After we finished our dinners, he suggested we share a piece of cheesecake and I happily agreed. As we ate the delicious marble cheesecake, which was a specialty of the diner, I slipped off my shoe and allowed my foot to caress the inside of his calf. He looked up in surprised and smiled, as my foot touched him. He seemed to grow more bold and eager with my touch and he suggested that we hurry and finish. He was eager to find a hotel room, he explained with a wink.

It wasn't terribly difficult to find a moderately priced hotel. I waited in the car as he filled out the necessary papers and paid for the room. He bounded out the office door and jumped back into the car. He dangled the key in front of his face and said, "Got it!"

Once inside the room, he pushed me up against the closing door and his hands began to roam all over my body, lingering on my full breasts, teasing my nipples through the fabric of my dress. He kissed me and I found myself groping for his belt. He moaned as my hand slid over the very apparent bulge in his trousers. His hands moved up my thighs and my dress was quickly around my waist. His hand slipped between my thighs and one finger slid between the folds of my pussy, quickly finding my clit. I moaned with the exquisite pleasure of his callused finger against my sensitive clit. We kissed and fondled our way to the bed. Once there, I lost my balance and fell flat on my back on the bed. As my feet came up off the floor, they kicked his out from under him and he fell on top of me with a thud. Luckily, his slight weight wasn't enough to knock the wind completely out of me and we laughed together. His hand came up and stroked the side of my face and he looked deeply into my eyes. Then, his mouth came down over mine again. The intensity of his kiss sent shock waves through me. We fumbled to get our clothes off. Finally, I lay nude before him.

He said, "God, babes, you are so much better than I even imagined!" His voice had grown husky with desire. I began trembling again. I pushed him onto his back and straddled him. I took his beautiful cock into my hand and began to stroke him. He moaned in a low voice. I loved the feel of his thick hard shaft in my hand and worked it up and down with expertise. I did this over and over again, reveling in his pleasure! I took his cock into my mouth as deeply as I could manage. His size wouldn't allow me to take as much as I would have liked, but he didn't seem to mind at all. I sucked him and licked the precum from his cock. He tasted salty and sweet at the same time. The musky scent of his arousal was driving me wild and I furiously sucked and licked his cock until he told me that if I didn't stop he would come.

He said, " Get on your back and spread your legs for me." I did as I was commanded. He took his glasses off and laid them on the table next to the bed. He turned and gave me an evil grin. He knelt down on the floor next to the bed and hooked his hands around my hips, pulling me toward him. He buried his face in my dampness. I couldn't help but moan as I felt his tongue flick over my throbbing clit. His tongue making quick circles around my clit. Occasionally, he flattening his tongue against it, rubbing my clit with the rough part of his tongue. He traced his tongue over my clit again and again. Before long, my legs were shaking with the pleasure he was giving me. My hands went into his spiky blond hair. I pulled his hair as he slid two of his fingers inside me. He began finger fucking me with a vengeance and licking me at double speed. He then began to suck my clit. That was all I could stand and my hips began to buck up and down. I could feel the orgasm swelling inside me. It first exploded in my clit where his skillful tongue was stroking up and down. Then I felt it move into my vagina where his fingers were feverishly rubbing my G-spot. Wave after wave of ecstasy flooded my senses and I cried out his name over and over.

Finally, my orgasm began to subside and I gently pushed his face away. He smiled up at me and licked my juices from the sides of his mouth. 

He wiped his chin and said, "Turn over and show me that big, beautiful ass." Again, I was eager to do as he commanded me. 

He slid a condom over his throbbing member and climbed onto the bed behind me. I felt his hands slide over my ass and down between my cheeks. His finger found my wet hole and he slid it into me a couple of times. Then, I felt his thick shaft begin to slide into me. His cock felt so good. He was much bigger than I was accustomed to and it took him a moment to get fully inside me, despite my dripping wetness. He moaned as he felt how tight I was around him. Once fully inside me, he didn't move for a moment, savoring the feeling of my tight pussy. Then he began to move, slowly at first. His strokes got faster and faster until he was slamming his huge cock inside me over and over. He was fucking me as hard as he could. I loved the sound of his slapping against mine. 

"Oh, yeah...you like taking my big cock, don't you?" He said between moans. 

I was well beyond the capacity for rational thought and just nodded and said, "Uh-huh."

"MMMM...I like fucking my nasty little girl!" He said as he slammed his enormous cock into me with tremendous force. 

Over and over he slammed into me, driving me further and further out of my mind! After what seemed like hours, I felt another huge orgasm welling up inside me. I couldn't hold back, I screamed as I felt it explode in tremendous waves of pleasure all around his pumping cock. I threw my head back and bucked against him wildly. This was all he could take and he began to come as my pussy tightened around him, milking every bit of cum from him. 

After some time, we collapsed onto the bed and held each other. We kissed each other affectionately. 

I smiled and said, "Nice to finally meet you."

He laughed and replied, "No doubt! Now, let's do it again!"