 She sat, legs crossed, tapping her foot in the air. She was full of nervous excitement. He was driving down and would be here tonight. She wore a slip of a black dress, barely there at all. More like a hint of a garment. She hadn't bothered with undergarments, as she knew they would be more of an impediment than anything else. Her hair was swept up off her neck with little tendrils escaping down her soft, white neck. She sat contemplating his body. She wondered if he would look as good in person. She wondered if his cock would feel as good inside her as she had imagined. With that thought, she felt a tingle of excitement in her crotch and a moisture start to spread between the lips of her pretty, shaven pussy. 

Finally, the door bell rang. Her heart lurched in her chest. She stood up and ran her hands over her curvaceous form, smoothing her dress against her rounded hips. She went to the door, took a deep breath and opened it. There he was. A sexy smile dancing on his lips. He was gorgeous!! Pictures simply did not do him justice at all! His clothing was baggy and only hinted at what awaited her. 

She smiled and said, "Please come in." Then, gestured for him to enter. Her breasts slightly swinging with the action. 

He casually strode into the room. His confidence showing in every step. She was eager, and unashamed. Smiling devilishly up at him, she took his hand and guided him down the hall to her bedroom. Once in the bedroom, her big gray eyes shone mischievously as she closed the door behind them. Her hands went immediately to his broad chest and she stepped seductively towards him. His arms went around her surprisingly small waist and he began to caress the small of her back. She inclined her face towards his and he kissed her deeply. She tasted of cinnamon. She kissed him eagerly and greedily, letting her tongue snake into his mouth. His tongue flicked against hers and shivers ran down her spine. 

His large hands slid under the back of her dress and easily slipped it off her shoulders, exposing her large breasts. He took them into is hands and caressed them gently, at first. Then, as he became increasingly more aroused, his touch became more firm. Her hands slid under his shirt and up his toned chest. She helped him out of his shirt. Her tongue flicked teasingly over his nipples. She took a step back, so he could see all of her as she unbuttoned her dress and allowed it to fall to the floor. She stepped towards him again and then dropped to her knees. She quickly helped him out of his trousers. She put one hand around his thick cock and slowly traced her tongue from the base to the tip of the underside. She then took him deep into her mouth and began to suck him in a steady rhythm. He moaned with intense pleasure. 

While she sucked him, her hand continued to work his cock up and down. She loved to do this! She loved the feel of his hard cock in her mouth and in her hand. He threw his head back and leaned in towards her. Her tongue swirled around the head of his cock, teasing him just a bit. Then, she stood up and guided him to the bed. She laid back on the bed and spread her creamy white thighs for him. He kneeled down and lowered his face to her damp pussy. She moaned in anticipation. His tongue flicked against her throbbing clit and he tasted her sweetness. He licked down from her clit to her moist opening and back up again. He expertly licked her clit over and over until she felt she was close to orgasm. Then, as her hip movements began to get faster, he slid a finger inside her and began to finger fuck her tight pussy. That was all she needed, and began to feel the orgasm swelling inside her. Her hips began to buck up and down wildly and her hands went into his hair and pushed his face further into her wet pussy. She let out a loud, "Ooooo, YES!" Then her body exploded into orgasm. She moaned over and over as wave after wave of ecstasy overtook her body. 

As her orgasm began to subside, she gently pushed his face away. He licked his lips and smiled up at her. Her thighs were still trembling as he flipped her over. She got up on her knees and playfully shook her ass at him. His hands ran over her round, white ass. His fingers then slid between her ass cheeks and down to her very wet pussy. He slid his finger inside her again, as if testing the water. Then he guided his throbbing cock inside her. She moaned as his big cock stretched her pussy wide open. He was so thick!! His cock felt so good slowly sliding into her. Once fully inside her tight pussy, he felt her muscles tighten around his hard cock. It caused a jolt of electricity to run through his body and he growled. He grasped her hips and began to pound his cock into her. 

"Oh yeah, that's it...fuck me! Fuck me like the nasty little bitch that I am!!" She commanded. 

He obeyed willingly and eagerly, slamming his cock into her with all the force he could muster. He slapped her ass hard and she moaned and begged for more. He slapped her again and again. She was loving it!! He pulled her hair loose and grabbed a handful of it, yanking her head back. 

"Take it, bitch! Take my cock!" He growled. 

He continued pounding her pussy with a vengeance. His thick cock driving into her over and over. Her body began to tremble and she moaned deeply. He knew she was close to cumming again. His strokes became even faster and harder, driving her over the edge. Her body began to shake uncontrollably. An intense orgasm over took her and her pussy clamped down on his cock, squeezing him tightly. He could take no more and began to cum inside her. His thick white cum shooting into her. Their orgasms began to subside and they dropped to the bed, his cock still inside her.