 This is a story about getting what you want, even if you have to pay for the opportunity. I will warn, it's a slow build as I wanted to explore the details and honestly I lost myself in the journey for a bit. It is also Part One as when you have the chance to make your fantasies come true you take the time to savour the experience. Anyway, as always I'm interested in positive feedback and thoughts.

Usual Stuff: This is not based on any specific person or situation, any similarity it has to anything is purely accidental and unintentional. 

*****

The knock at the door sent Eric's pulse racing, his nerves fluttering like proverbial butterflies in his stomach. He'd never done anything like this; he'd never paid for sex. Sure, he'd thought about it - hell, he'd thought about it hundreds of times. But, he'd never actually taken that step and done it - something had always held him back. He wasn't sure if it was the stigma of prostitution, all the arguments about objectification of women and all that; though, honestly he doubted it. He considered most of those arguments hypocritical, as far as he was concerned a woman of consenting age had the right to choose what she could do with her body; and if that included using it to make money, then so be it. No, when he really thought about it, he'd simply been afraid, afraid of the potential consequences. Afraid that in his relatively conservative North American culture if he were caught hiring such a lady it would muck up what was honestly a pretty good life... especially if it ever came out exactly what he was looking for. As he had been incredibly embarrassed to admit, even to himself, his tastes at times weren't vanilla. In fact, his tastes couldn't even be categorized as Neapolitan. 

No, Eric had, what could only be described as a large bump of curiosity, and the exploration of sex and fetish had always thrilled and fascinated him. He might not like all thirty-one flavours, but damn it, he wanted to try them all. He'd joked with lovers for years that his fetish was fetish. 

The knock at the door came again. 

He realized with a start that he'd gotten lost in his own musings and hurried to the door to answer it. He chastised himself, it wasn't good to leave a lady waiting - whether you were paying for it or not, some things just weren't done.

Doing his best to calm his nerves, he opened the door and was immediately left speechless by the woman waiting there. Dressed in a black pencil skirt, black stockings and heels, and a deep red silk blouse she looked the part of a businesswoman - a stunningly beautiful businesswoman with dark slightly wavy hair that reached down her back, startling blue eyes and a lipstick that complimented the blouse, but a businesswoman all the same. She gave Eric a warm smile. 

"May I come in?" she asked softly, and Eric blushed crimson. 

"Oh, sorry," he apologized nervously as he moved to let her pass. "Please."

In her heels she was a touch taller than he was and she held his eyes as she stepped inside. The faint scent of vanilla reached him as she passed and he inhaled deeply. Either her shampoo or her body spray, regardless, he loved it. Closing the door, he turned to watch her cross the room, his attention captured by the sway of her hips and ass as she walked. The skirt stretched tightly over her bottom was an erotic pleasure all its own. Reaching the bed, she turned and sat. A small smile on her face as she crossed her stocking clad legs, all the while watching his mesmerized gaze. 

"So," she finally said, her voice had a slightly musical tone to it he noticed. "What are we getting up to tonight?"

Her question snapped Eric out of his reverie and he blushed even deeper.

"Wow, given that reaction, this will be interesting," she teased him playfully. "Don't worry sweetie, it takes a lot to surprise me."

Eric shifted uncomfortably for a moment before sitting at the hotel room's desk, swiveling the chair towards his guest and taking a deep breath to steady himself. 

"Alright," he began and then paused. "I'm sorry I don't even know your name, I'm Eric."

She laughed and shook his outstretched hand. "Wasn't sure if you wanted to name me," she replied. "Some do."

"No, that's fine," he answered, enjoying the softness of her hand in his. "Whatever name you'd like."

"In that case, I usually go by Rebecca."

Eric repeated the name to himself. "I like it."

"Okay, Rebecca," he continued. "First, as you've likely figured out, I've never done anything like this before. I mean, I've never paid..., I mean hired..., I mean..."

"I get it," Rebecca laughed. "I'm your first, an honour and a pleasure."

Eric smiled back, she was easy to talk to and he found himself beginning to relax. 

"Okay, so the thing is, my tastes are different," he blushed again. "I mean, not sick or anything, well I don't think so... but, maybe... I don't know."

Rebecca moved from the bed to crouch before him, her hand resting on his arm. 

"Relax Eric," she soothed. "I've been at this a while, I doubt anything you'd ask for would shock me."

Eric looked her in the eyes and found understanding and sincerity there. "Okay," he finally replied and she smiled that wonderful smile. "I want to play with you. I want to explore you. I want... I want..." he stood and paced as he spoke. "I want... well, everything I guess."

She watched him for a moment before sitting in the chair he'd just vacated. "Everything huh," she finally replied. "That's a tall order. Okay, a couple of questions."

He sat on the edge of the bed. "Okay?"

"First," she began. "Do you want to hurt me?"

Eric's reflex was to say 'No, of course not' but he paused to consider before answering. "I don't want to really hurt you," he finally began. "But..." he was at a loss for how to explain himself. Thankfully Rebecca came to his rescue. 

"You want to cause some pain, and some of what you want to do might hurt; but, you don't want to cause me any serious pain or lasting damage," she smiled at him. "Does that about cover it?"

Eric found himself nodding. That was exactly it. 

"Our safe word will be orange or if I'm gagged I will tap three times," she explained. "Either of those means enough! Stop immediately! Got it?"

Again Eric nodded. 

"Now then, do you want me submissive or did you want me to dominate you?" One look at Eric's face answered that for her and she laughed. "No, to being dominated, okay."

"And finally," she continued. "If I'm being submissive, did you want me to fight you or be your toy?"

"My toy," Eric answered almost immediately. "The other sounds fun," he added. "But, it doesn't really fit for tonight."

Rebecca nodded her understanding before getting up and drawing the curtains closed. 

"Oh," she added as she crossed the room to lock the door. "I assume it'll just be the two of us?"

Eric swallowed and nodded, and Rebecca smiled back at him.

"Good, I prefer that. Money?"

Eric pulled out the cash they'd agreed on prior to the 'date'. 

"Just put it on the dresser for now," she instructed and he placed the pile of bills next to her purse before turning to face her. 

"Okay, Eric," she announced her hands resting on her hips. "I'm all yours, if you could not damage the clothes that would be great."

All right Eric, he said to himself. Here you go, what you've always wanted, a beautiful woman to explore, play with and do whatever you want to, don't lose your nerve now. 

Getting to his feet he crossed the room to Rebecca and slowly moved behind her. As before he was greeted with the smell of vanilla and he leaned in as he inhaled deeply gently pulling her hair to the side. His fingers lightly slipped along the fabric of her blouse as he encircled her waist. He enjoyed the feel of the silk against his fingertips as he reached for her buttons. Slowly, delicately, he began to unbutton the garment. He fumbled at first as he worked to quiet his nerves but as he moved from button to button his confidence returned. This was real, he realized. This beautiful woman was going to be his toy this evening. 

Making relatively short work of the blouse, he carefully removed it, sliding it gently down her shoulders exposing the black straps of her bra. Looking up at the mirror, his breath caught in his throat as he had his first glimpse of her beautiful breasts supported gently but firmly in the embrace of a black lace bra with a red under layer. The effect was quite lovely as the outer layer of lace was quite delicate and allowed much of the dark red colour to show through. He noticed her watching him in the mirror, a little bemused smile on her face. He gave her one of his own before gently caressing the pale flesh of her collar and chest. With the lightest of touches he ran his fingers across the soft skin and traced the top of the beautiful bra. Rebecca shivered in response to the tickling touch. 

"C?" he guessed, his breath warm against her ear as he spoke. She gave a small nod and murmur, the warmth of his breath bringing goose bumps along her shoulder. He lightly touched the raised flesh with his lips, the softest of kisses while his hands moved down her body to the waist of her skirt. With light fingers he found the button of her skirt, unfastened it and slowly unzipped it. His movements slow and controlled as he savoured all the sensations, committing as much of this night to memory as possible.

Undone, he slipped his thumbs into the waistband of her skirt and slowly began to move it down her hips, crouching as he followed the garment's progress until it fell to the floor. Her panties, a thong that framed her ass magnificently, matched her bra, black lace over a deep red while the garter was a simple black lace that complimented the lace in the matched set and connected to what he was certain had to be silk stockings. He couldn't resist the desire to run his hands along those long beautiful legs as he slipped those silky stockings off.

Stripping the rest of her lingerie from her body, Eric stepped back to enjoy the beautiful form on display. Rebecca's skin was a pale milky tone that caused Eric's pulse to race. Free from the bra, her perky breasts had just the slightest sag as gravity had begun to exert its control over them. Her waist narrowed wonderfully and he couldn't help but imagine what she'd look like in a corset. Maybe next time, he decided. Her bush was neatly trimmed, but definitely present and matched the colour of the hair on her head. She smiled warmly when his eyes met hers and he felt his cheeks warm. 

Laying her back on the bed he joined her, he ran his fingers lightly over her smooth skin. The sensation of the soft flesh under his sensitive fingers sent a shiver through his body. Her own little shiver told him that he might be tickling with his feather light touches and he pressed a touch harder. Raising her arms above her head stretched her lean body and his fingers continued to survey her body. He was intrigued with the texture change from the soft smooth skin of her inner arm to the slight stubble of her underarms. Moving in close, he inhaled the fragrance of her body - a combination of vanilla body spray, deodorant, and her own personal musk. The scent bordered on the intoxicating and Eric found himself stiffening in response. 

The first soft kiss on her skin was barely a whisper of a touch and she shivered, goose bumps rising. Eric kissed again and again, slowly moving along her side as his hand stroked across her stomach and up to her breasts. These he cupped one after the other with firm but gentle pressure on each beautiful globe. 

Alternating between kissing and tasting and using his hands to lead the way, he worked his way down her body. His fingers explored the soft pale skin before his mouth followed to taste and tease. As he caressed down along her inner thigh he was aware of a change in her skin's temperature, the flesh seeming to grow warmer the further he went. Unconsciously, she parted her legs to give him better access and it took all his self-restraint to resist the urge to plunge right into her. Instead, he teased his fingers through that perfectly trimmed pubic hair noting its texture and feel - even though the colour matched, this hair was thicker than the fine strands on her head. He played and teased and he could tell by her motions that she wanted him to go further, cruelly he refused. Instead he tormented and teased as he built up her arousal.

Spreading her legs further, Eric knelt between them. Rebecca's sex was exposed to his hungry gaze as he visually explored every bit of that wonderful sight - her labia was full, the lips engorged with anticipation. Bringing her knees up, he was able to follow the line of her slit down to the dark, puckered rosebud of her sphincter. Finally, after his eyes had drunk deeply of the visual ambrosia that lay before him, he leaned in to take his first taste of her. His tongue teased across the puffed lips of her labia - a soft moan escaped her lips as it did. More confident, he delved deeper - his tongue pressing into the folds of that soft flesh bringing him the salty sweetness of her arousal. 

Tracing those nether lips up, he eventually found his way to the sensitive little nub of her clit. Teasing and playing, her moans made Eric smile. He had a lot more exploring to do, but feeling her grinding her pelvis against his mouth, Eric figured he could reward her for her patience. Switching directions with his tongue made her gasp, her back arching. As he continued to torment that little nub, her breathing became faster and shorter. She moaned again and again, he knew her first climax was close. 

Sucking hard on her clit, he pulled that sensitive flesh into his mouth, his teeth pressing lightly against it. That was all it took to take her over the edge. Her moan morphed into a scream of surprise and pleasure as she stiffened and her hands clawed at the back of his head. She stayed that way as he held the suction, his tongue flickering against her clit, each flick causing a new spasm of pleasure verging on pain.

Eric finally released her, gently letting her collapse back against the bed. Her breathing slowed while Eric caressed her legs. He massaged the large muscles of her thighs and calves as he savoured the post climax moments. 

"Doing alright?" he asked.

She smiled at him, her once perfect hair now mussed from her writhing. "Mmmmmmhmmmm," she murmured and he smiled in return.

"Shall we continue?"

"I'm all yours."

He gently brought her knees back up, spreading her legs wide as he did. 

"Could you hold your knees?" he asked tentatively and she gave him a reassuring smile as she complied. Exposed as she was, Eric had a gorgeous view of Rebecca and the droplets of moisture that seeped from her vagina made him smile. 

He desperately wanted to drink that sweet sparkling liquid, but he resisted. As tempting as it was, he knew that Rebecca wasn't yet recovered enough to find such a tasting pleasurable. Instead he set his attention a bit lower, following the lines of her body down from her vagina to her tight puckered rosebud of her anus. His first taste was tentative and careful, barely a flick of his tongue - he had no idea what to expect or how she might react. The shivers that ran through her body were clear enough, though and he was inspired to continue. His second taste was more lingering and the texture of her skin against his tongue sent a surge through his body that stiffened his cock. Surprisingly, she tasted of arousal and it took a moment for him to realize that he was tasting the juices that had leaked from her during her orgasm. The flavours played across his mouth leaving him hungry for more.

Tossing caution and restraint to the wind, intoxicated on the sweet liquids of her earlier climax, Eric buried his mouth into Rebecca's backside. His tongue lapped and probed to the sound of her contented moans. She especially seemed to enjoy when he plunged deeply into her anus. She'd clearly been expecting the potential for ass play and had cleaned herself thoroughly but still, the faintly earthy flavours reached Eric's taste buds. New to the experience, Eric hadn't known what to expect, hadn't known if the flavour would turn him off or not - it didn't!

It was heady, earthy, exciting and he let his desire overwhelm him. The next few minutes were a blur of licking, probing, tasting and exploring. His hands gripped tightly to her hips as he plunged his tongue deeper and deeper inside. Rebecca moaned in pleasure every time he did. Eric's ministrations worked them both up and he could soon taste fresh juices flowing down from her pussy. Pulling back he moved back up to her vagina and ravaged that slit, driving his tongue deep inside as he scooped out her juice and drank it down. She groaned against him as he violated her and bucked wildly when he finally got back to her clit. 

Eric slipped his fingers deep into Rebecca's pussy, her juices quickly soaking his hand. He finger fucked her roughly for a few moments and she writhed in ecstasy at the treatment. She was nearing another climax. Sucking deeply on her clit, he overwhelmed her senses and used that distraction to slide his finger out of her pussy and into her well-lubed ass. She gasped in surprise as his finger plunged deeply into her and cried out in pleasure as he began to move it. 

Releasing her clit, he plunged his left hand's fingers into her sopping wet pussy and marveled at the feeling of his two hands touching inside of her - only a thin membrane of flesh separating them. His quested, teased and tortured with both hands as she writhed, squirmed and groaned against the bed. He knew she was close to cumming and every one of his movements seemed to send her into space. When his fingers grazed over her g-spot she lost it completely. Crying out, her body spasmed and stiffened, arched and collapsed, locked and released, as her climax took her. It was all Eric could do to keep the pressure on her, to keep hitting those magical buttons, making her climax last longer and longer. Her hands clawed the bed, her nails nearly tearing the bedding, as her eyes rolled back and her mouth locked open in a silent scream. 

He could feel her orgasm beginning to ebb and he cautiously released her. When his fingers cleared her body, she collapsed nearly unconscious onto the bed, a dreamy contented smile on her face. Standing, Eric watched her a moment, committing every detail to memory before finally pulling the comforter across her naked form and letting her rest. 

Stepping away, he picked up the phone and ordered room service. It was going to be a long night and they both were going to need their energy.