 As we prepared to go out for the evening, I carefully watched as you dressed. The matching bra and panties went on first followed by your blouse and then the mid-thigh skirt. I stood behind you and watched your reflection in the mirror as you brushed you hair, twisting and straightening until you felt it was just right. Once you were finished, you turned to face me, and I wrapped my arms around you, pulling you close. We kissed a long, lingering kiss as my hand stroked your back and caressed your ass.

"Hey! That's enough," you said playfully as you pulled away. "We are on the way out, not on the way back to bed."

"Okay, okay. Can I help it if I find you irresistable!" 

I straightened my clothing as I prepared to leave the room, when a playful thought entered my mind. 

"Come over here by the corner of the bed for a minute," I said.

You complied, and I again pulled you toward me. For a moment you showed mock resistance, but laughing, you soon moved into my arms. As we kissed my hand stroked your hip and your lower back. Gradually I moved it around until it was pressed between your thighs beneath your skirt. As always, you began to respond to my touch, moving your hips in a slow, sinuous dance. Breaking our kiss, I pulled away; a quizzical look appeared on your face. 

I knelt before you and ran my hand teasingly up the outsides of your legs until my fingers found the elastic of your panties. Slowly I slid your panties down your legs; you lifted each foot and stepped out of them without instruction from me. Leaning forward, I pushed your skirt up and kissed your exposed pussy. 

My tongue stretched out in search or your clit, and I caressed it gently for several seconds before sliding my tongue downward and probing between the lips of your always wet pussy. As my tongue probed further, you lifted one leg and placed it on the corner of the bed, allowing me easier access to your hidden charms. 

I spent several minutes licking and sucking each lip, then sliding my tongue between them, probing and tasting all the while. I could tell you were becoming fully aroused, so I had to be careful not to reach the point of no return. I wanted you aroused, but not so aroused that you might refuse to leave the room without another session in bed.

When I felt I had reached the point of no return, I suddenly stood up, and said "Let's go." You reached out and pulled my head toward your. Our lips met in a passionate kiss that nearly made me give up on my plans for the evening, but employing my final bit of reserve, I pulled away from you though our tongues still toyed playfully for several lingering moments. 

"Okay, that's enough playing. If we are going out, we need to go now. Give me my panties, and then we will go."

"No. No panties," I said, as I tucked the pink panties into my pocket. "I will keep them for you. If you feel too uncomfortable without them, just tell me, and I will return them."

"But I will feel like a prostitute. I won't be comfortable without them, especially in this skirt."

"Only you and I will know you are naked under your skirt unless you choose to tell or show someone. That will be your choice." With that I moved toward the door, and you followed with a bit of uncertainty in your step. 

The elevator ride down from the tenth floor took only a minute or two, but the whole time my hand was up under your skirt toying with your moist pussy. Your response told me that you were quite aroused. When you felt the elevator slow at the end of our ride, you playfully pushed my hand away and made a show of straightening your clothes before the door opened. Your slight smile showed that you were taking part in this adventure with an attitude of wariness, but I knew that your boldness would soon kick in and that you would enjoy the evening imensely. My intent was to keep you so aroused that you would not even think about retreiving your panties from my pocket. 

The street along the river was crowded with people when we emerged from the hotel. We joined the flow and window-shopped as we meandered along with your hand resting comfortably in mine. The evening was one of those typical of early fall when the temperatures are comfortable and the air is bright and clear--a perfect evening for an outing along the riverfront. 

After walking for several blocks, we came to a basket shop that caught your attention. Ducking inside, we found a huge complex of multiple rooms filled floor to ceiling with baskets of every shape and form. Perfect I thought, but I did not convey those sentiments to you. 

The Monday evening crowd was small, and there were only a few other customers meandering around, mostly in the front of the store. I slowly but purposely directed out movements toward one of the rooms in the back, and upon arriving there, we found it even more cluttered with baskets than the rest of the shop and empty of customers. 

You were completely taken with the place and its merchandise, so you paid no attention to me when I moved behind you as you leaned forward to check the price on a basket that caught your fancy. 

I was tempted to pull my erect cock from my pants and slip it slowly up inside you, but I decided it would not be worth the risk. Nonetheless, the thought of feeling your pussy wrapped around my needy cock was almost enough for me ignore the risk. Instead I slipped my hand up under the back of your skirt and caressed your pussy with my fingertips. Your body jumped with surprise when I first touched you, but as soon as you realized it was me there with you, you relaxed and continued to check out price tags. 

I slid my fingers up and down your pussy, collecting moisture on them before I probed gently in search of the crimson opening into your inner recesses. You wriggled your ass in invitation as I slid two fingers up inside you. Your warmth surrounded them and you clenched your muscles, squeezing them in greeting as I pushed them farther inside you. You began a slow rhythmic rocking that caused my fingers to slide in and out of your slippery cunt. I was facing the doorway, and I kept a close watch so that we would not be caught in such an embarrassing position. 

Your movements gradually became more animated, and I noted that your hands were resting on a sturdy table for support. I could not see your face, but I knew that your eyes were closed as you focused on the feel of my fingers as they thrust back and forth inside you. Your pussy responded to my touch, becoming wetter with each thrust. The squishy sounds made by my fingers as they thrust up inside you were clearly audible, and the aroma of sex permeated the small space within the basket-filled room. 

As you pumped your ass back against my probing fingers, I rubbed your back, encouraging you to trust me and remain relaxed here in this very public setting. After several minutes of intense sensations, in part fostered by the risk of discovery, you came in a series of strong tremors that began in your filled cunt and emanated out through every part of your body, jangling every nerve ending along the way. Your knees grew week, and I was afraid you might tumble forward, so I provided what lift I could with my fingers still buried deep inside you. Gradually you recovered, and I allowed my fingers to slip out of you. 

You stood up and turned toward me as your determined lips sought mine. The kiss that followed was filled with desire. I know that you wanted me right then, but it was not possible given the setting. Instead we put all of our shared passion into the kiss. My tongue probed between your lips where it was welcomed by your tongue. Our tongues linked and interwtined, thrust and parried. Soon my tongue was probing your mouth as you wanted my cock to probe your eager pussy. I fucked your mouth with my tongue as you sucked it deep inside on each stroke. Your lips caressed my tongue/cock as your pussy lips would caress my larger, harder organ. Our bodies moved together in a sensuous dance.

Out of the corner of my eye, I caught a glimpse of someone moving in our direction, so I was forced to end our embrace. As I pulled away from you, you straightened your clothes and returned to browsing the stacks of baskets. 

"May I help you find anything," the attendant asked.

"No, we are just browsing," was our simultaneous response. We laughed together as she moved away. I wondered if she had smelled the essence of sex in her brief moment within the small room, but truly, it did not matter. She was standing behind the register as we left the store, and the smile she flashed us gave a hint that you know something out of the ordinary might have taken place in the backroom.

As we moved off down the street, I leaned over and whispered in your ear, "Do you want your panties back yet?

A whispered "No" was your answer.

"You hungry? I asked. "I suppose so," was your response. So I led you to a nice restaurant where I had dined once or twice long ago. The decor was I remembered, and I smiled to myself as the hostess led us to a table beside a window overlooking the river. As soon as the left us, I asked what you thought about our basket shop activities.

"So what did you think? You like my having easy access to your pussy," I asked in a lowered voice.

"That was risky, but nice. I loved the feel of your fingers inside me. I nearly fell into that stack of baskets when I came though. That would have been pretty embarrassing."

"You did fine. Are you enjoying the freedom of not wearing panties?"

"Yes. So far, so good."

As you perused the menu, I carefully removed one of my shoes and socks beneath the table in preparation for the next part of our evening. Using my bare foot, I began caressing your bare legs, my actions hidden by the floor-length table cloth. I slowly moved my foot up and down along your legs using my toes to caress your skin from ankle to knee. We continued our conversation as I stoked your legs, and your smile told me you did not object to my caressing you this way. 

I saved the real surprise for the moment when our waiter arrived to take our order. As he introduced himself and began running through the list of specials, I ran my foot up your leg and then pressed it between your knees. You looked at me quizzically, but without hesitation you spread your legs to allow my foot further egress. As the waiter listed one special after another, I slid my foot up along your thighs and used my big toe to tease your clit. I did not know how you might react to this form of caress, and I was ready to withdraw my foot at any sign from you. 

In response to my caresses, you shifted your position and slid lower in your seat, at the same time spreading your legs so I could have full access to your hidden charms. The waiter did not seem to notice, and I seemed to have your permission to proceed, so I caressed your clit and wet slit softly with my toe, sliding it back and forth along your wet, slippery flesh. When it came time to order, my actions were already beginning to have the desired impact on you, and you had difficulty ordering, making the waiter repeat the specials and changing your order several times. Once the waiter had our order, he bustled off to prepare our drinks.

"What do you think you are doing?" you asked, with eyes sparkling and a smile on your face.

"Playing. Want me to stop?"

"Nooo." 

As we talked, my toe continued to glide over your pussy, pausing from time to time to stroke your clit. Any concerns I might have had about your response to my actions were alleviated when you moved one of your hands beneath the table and grasped my ankle. I relaxed my foot and allowed you to move it as you desired. Just as you often use your hand to guide my fingers when I am caressing your during lovemaking, now you used my foot as your personal sex toy. 

At first, you simply continued the long strokes that caressed your pussy along its entire length. By the time the waiter returned with our drinks, you were using my big toe to caress your clit. First you moved my toe in small circles centered on your clit, and then you switched to a rhythmic back and forth motion that stroked your tender nub. As you moved my toes down along your slit, I could feel the moisture seeping from your aroused pussy. 

Slowly and carefully you slid my toes across your seeping cunt, wetting them with your juices. Once you were sure they were slick with your essence, you pulled my foot toward you, easing my big toe between your engorged pussy lips. You sighed audibly as my toe slid up inside you. As soon as that toe had been consumed by your eager pussy you pulled my foot farther toward you forcing my remaining toes to nestle at your wet portal. 

At that point, you smiled over at me with a sly look I had not seen before. "How does that feel?" you asked.

"Scrumptious. Hot. Wet. Tight." I replied. "And for you?"

"Well, it's certainly different. And I am not sure that we will make this a regular thing, but right now I am so horny I may have to climb across the table and sit on your lap so you can bury your cock in my pussy." 

"Beg your pardon?" The waiter had arrived with our food and was sitting the tray down on a stand a few feet from the table. 

"She was just asking if I could see a clock. Guess she forgot I was wearing a watch," I said with a laugh.

Embarrassed, you pushed my foot away and sat up straight. Our waiter served our food and then retreated to the kitchen, no doubt to share what he most certainly must have overheard.

"You okay," I asked. 

"Yes, fine," was your only reply. We talked as we ate our meal without mentioning what had just transpired, but I knew you well enough to know that your horniness did not simply evaporate with the arrival of the waiter. 

Back outside the restaurant, you held onto my arm and snuggled up against me as we walked along the riverfront. It was dark now, and the mid-week crowd was sparse. I intentionally steered you toward the far end of the park area, but you did not seem to notice or to care. I soon spotted a bench in semi-darkness in a small garden space, and moments later you were sitting close beside me on the bench.

We chatted quietly as we stared out at the reflections on the dark river flowing swiftly and silently by. As we talked, you placed your hand on the inside of my thigh and gently stroked back and forth along my pants leg. With each stoke, your hand moved farther up my leg, and soon your fingers discovered the bulge formed by my erect cock. Acting surprised, you said, "Oh my, what is that?"

"Well, I don't know," I said. "Why don't you take a look."

After a quick glance around, you unzipped my pants and dipped your hand inside. I felt your warmth through the fabric of my under shorts, and then, after a moment of exploration, I felt your fingers wrap around my hard cock.  

"Oh, it's this big hard thing. What could it possibly be for?" you asked playfully. 

With that I pulled you toward me, seeking your soft kiss. Our lips met then parted as we kissed fully and deeply. As we kissed, my hand moved beneath your skirt in search of your pussy. You parted your legs to allow access, and my fingers found a pussy still wet and aroused by our activities in the restaurant. Your hand was still wrapped around my cock inside my clothing, but as I toyed with your wet cunt, you made an effort to pull my cock out into the open air. 

"Here, let me help you," I said. After looking around to make sure that we had no near neighbors, I unfastened my belt and pants before reaching inside to free my cock. Once in the open air, it sprang eagerly upward as if seeking to take a breath of the fresh evening air. As soon as it was freed, you leaned over and took it between your lips. 

I felt your mouth glide slowly down along its entire length until your lips were pressed against my pelvis. Then as you slowly pulled your head upward, I felt your tongue stroking and caressing as it slowly traveled along the sensitive skin of my engorged cock. I twisted my fingers in the curls of your hair to encourage you to continue, which you willingly did. My body quivered as you moved your head up and down, caressing my cock with your tongue and lips. 

After several minutes of this, you suddenly sat up beside me. At first, I thought that you might have become concerned about what you were doing in such a public setting, but you soon allayed my concerns. 

"I want you now," you said. "I want to feel your cock inside me now." And without waiting for a response, you swung your leg across mine, raised yourself up onto my lap, and impaled yourself on my cock in a single motion.

Your pussy was slippery wet as usual, and my cock slid easily up inside you. You leaned back and looked into my eyes with a satisfied smile as you began rotating your ass in a circular motion. My hard cock caressed all your inner creases causing the juices to flow freely from deep within you. I slid my hand up beneath your blouse and found your full breasts restrained inside your lacy bra. I reached behind you and unsnapped it so I could caress your breasts and pinch your nipples as my cock filled your cunt. 

We were both so aroused by our evening together and by the added stimulation of being outdoors in a public park that soon we were both on the verge of cumming. I tried to keep watch for unexpected visitors, but with each thrust of my cock up inside you, I became less focused on being vigilant and more focused on the intense sensations being created by the feel of your pussy wrapped so tightly around my throbbing shaft. 

Our eyes locked together in the semi-darkness as we came together, my semen shooting deep inside your womb, filling you with my very essence, your pussy convulsing around my cock, milking it of its last drop of cum. You then relaxed against me and I could feel your rapid heartbeat reverberating in my chest. We remained locked together for several minutes unconcerned about the risk of discovery, until finally you swung our body to one side and sat on the bench beside me. 

After tucking my cock away, I draped my arm across your shoulders and pulled you close against me. We remained that way for a long time without speaking, as we reveled in the sheer comfort of being together. 

Please vote on this story and send me a message if you have ideas on how I might improve it or write a better story next time.