 Heather listened to her best friend; Melanie babbling on and on about her upcoming trip to Venice Beach. Her friend had been trying for the past few weeks to get her to go with her, saying it would be a great way to end the summer but she constantly resisted. Heather was the typical homebody, who preferred to stay at home curled up in her leather sofa, engrossed in a good romance novel. It had been two years since she had dated and she wasn't interested in getting back into the dating game. 

Melanie asked, "Are you still there, Heather?" 

"Yeah, I'm here." She sighed, resting her chin on her hand.

Melanie prodded her. "You need to go out more. I know Ben really hurt you by cheating with that other librarian but all men are not like that."

"I know but..." Heather voice trailed off lost in her thoughts. She was afraid of putting her heart out there again, to be ripped to shreds.

"But what?! What have you done all summer? Just work. Right?" Her friend asked.

"That's true. I guess I should be having some fun," she reluctantly said. "My break is almost up. I'll talk to you later."

"Okay. I think you should come with me to the beach house. Just consider it."

"Alright, Mel. I'll talk to you soon." 

Heather flipped her cell shut and felt his eyes on her. Mitchell Waters had been constantly watching her since he had arrived today. It made her uncomfortable the way his gaze made her feel. She thought she hadn't dressed any differently. Well, that wasn't quite true. She had decided to wear a low cut blouse, showing off her ample cleavage. She didn't know why she thought it was a good idea to forgo her bra because her dark brown nipples were extremely erect due to the air conditioner blasting. 

She knew it had to be due to her see-thru dark blue blouse and her black short skirt which showcased her well-toned legs. When she looked up from her cleaning her desk, their eyes met. She could see his desire present and her eyes cascaded downwards down his pants to rest on the quite large tent in his crotch. 

She tore her gaze from his and refocused on cleaning the breadcrumbs from her desk. Secretly, she found Mitchell attractive. His dark, brown wavy hair and his infectious smile made her swoon. Plus, his athletic body made her lick her lips, thinking how she would love the opportunity to see what he hid underneath his clothes. 

Still, she didn't know what he saw in her. She didn't think she was anything special. There were more attractive librarians who were constantly throwing theirselves at him at any chance they could. 

She got up to head to the washroom and heard his steps behind her in the hallway. She stopped at the entrance to the door and she turned around. She was face to face with Mitchell and was leaning against the doorjamb lazily.

"Heather," he said. "Why you keep avoiding me?" 

"I...I'm not avoiding you," she stammered, unable to meet his gaze, her eyes glued to the floor.

"Look at me," he commanded. She raised her head, staring deep into his eyes as he continued.

"How about we go for a coffee after work. My treat." 

"I can't, Mitchell. I have plans." She tried to sidestep him and he blocked her path. 

He sighed deeply, gently caressing her arm. "I want you to give me the opportunity to get to know you better. Stop being afraid!"

"Afraid of what?" she replied angrily. "Men like you don't go for women like me."

"What's that supposed to mean?" his voice getting irritated. 

Heather didn't know how to reply. "Maybe, you're just, you know, looking to get me into bed to see if the rumors are true about black woman being wilder in bed." She didn't know where this was coming from but she saw a huge scowl on his handsome features. 

"Oh, I see now. You think I'm a player. You're assuming a lot about me and you don't know me. Give me a chance to prove to you that you're wrong."

She could tell by the sincerity in his voice that he meant every word but something was holding her back.

"I can't. Not right now. Please, let me go."

He moved to let her past as he walked away from her, he muttered, "I will prove to you that you're wrong, one way or the other."

She pushed the entrance door to the women's washroom hard and locked the door behind her. She leaned against it, breathing deeply. She knew deep down she was attracted to him but she couldn't let herself show she was interested in him. But every time she saw him, butterflies fluttered in her stomach and she felt her body responding in other ways as well.

Her hand made its way underneath her skirt, to graze against her wetness. She used the flimsy material of her panties to rub against her pussy lips. She bit down on her lips to suppress the moan that threatened to escape as her mind wandered. She fantasized about having Mitchell in front of her, on his knees, his face pushed deep into her mound. His tongue flicking her clit while his finger slid along her slit. Her moistness coated her fingers as she rubbed her engorged clit more, imagining him tongue fucking her now, his tongue thrusting deeply into her sweet hole bringing her to overwhelming climax with her clamping her legs around his head. 

She groaned loudly as she plunged one then two digits deep inside of her while her other hand grabbed her breast hard, twirling her hardened nipples bringing herself to an orgasm in which she cried out as she came hard, her fluids overflowing her fingers and dripping onto the bathroom floor. 

It had been awhile since she came so hard. Meanwhile, unbeknown to her, Mitchell had returned to give back the clip that had fell out of hair and accidentally eavesdropped on her. He couldn't stop himself from listening to her masturbate, making his cock strain against his pants. He tried the lock on the door and found that it pulled easily in his grasp. He pushed the door open quietly, locking it behind him as he watched intently as she washed her hands.

He crept behind her, leaning deeply into her back, his erection pressed into her ass. She was startled to see him in there as she asked, "What the hell are you doing in here?" He ground himself against her, eliciting a moan out of her as he groaned quietly, "I heard you."

She blushed a bit when he mentioned it as his hands moved to play with her breasts. "You don't know how long I have thought about being with you like this." She couldn't stop herself from responding to his gentle touch because it had been so long since she had been with someone. 

He stepped away from her, lifting up her skirt and pulling her panties to the side. They locked eyes in the mirror as his hand continued to explore her pussy, as she purred with every touch of his hand. She got more aroused each second his finger rubbed her clit and his finger thrusted into her. Her walls wrapped around his finger tightly, as he pushed in and out of her, biting on her earlobe as another impending orgasm was threatening to overtake her. 

That's when she heard him unzip his pants, dropping it to the floor. "Heather, I need to be in you." he growled deeply as he removed his finger, gripping her hip, bending her forward. He slid his hard shaft between her legs, not quite ready to enter her yet. He slid his thick cock back and forth, teasing her, making her whimper in pleasure.

"Please!!" she pleaded. "Please, what?"

"Please, fuck me." 

Without another word, he thrusted deep inside her and they groaned together. She realized then how really thick he was and she wasn't certain she could take all of him in. Like he was reading her thoughts, he murmured, "Don't worry, Heather. You will be able to take all of me."

He grasped her hips tightly, as she held on the sink, as he plunged in and out of her slowly, each time pushing more and more of himself inside of her. When all of him was fully inside of her, she groaned, "Oh God!!" She felt so full.

"Mmm. It's just as I imagined you would be, Heather. Tight and wet!" 

He plowed her with abandon now, with short, hard strokes, reaching underneath to play with her clit. Neither of them wanted it to end, as they fucked in front of the mirror, slapping her ass at times, sometimes with long and hard strokes, other times, hard and fast.

Heather was in ecstasy, her nerve endings on fire, as Mitchell hands twisted her nipples hard.

"Pull them harder," she demanded and he did. She could sense her orgasm approaching fast as he pulled her upwards now, almost upright, fucking her hard until they both exploded together, screaming as they came, his spurts of cum filling her pussy. They breathed heavily, as he kissed her neck. 

He slipped out of her and spun her around. 

"Heather, I still want to get to know you. I hope you don't think I just want sex from you. I want more." 

He leaned down to kiss her and they kissed passionately for several minutes. She could barely speak after the kiss. She didn't know how she was going to go back to work after this. She was still extremely aroused as she saw Mitchell looking at his cum coming from inside her.

"I can't have you going back to work like that," he murmured. "Lean back against the sink," he ordered. She pressed her back against it as Mitchell sunk down onto her knees

He spread her swollen lips apart, as he breathed in her scent. "Mmm," he said quietly, as his tongue began to lap at the cum dripping out of it. She held onto his head, pushing him inwards, as he continued to eat her out, sucking on her love button as he slurped and licked her pussy. "Oh Mitch," she whined softly, with each movement of his tongue, dragging her close to another orgasm. He gazed into her eyes as he slid a finger in, rubbing her g-spot. That was all it took for her to shudder and cum.

"I love seeing you cum, Heather," his cock hard as steel again. His shaft twitched, needing to be inside of her pussy again. She gazed at it, going down on her knees to take him into her mouth. He groaned as she sucked, his cock throbbing in her wet cavern, as she bobbed her head up and down his member, sometimes going all the way down to his balls. He didn't know how she could deep-throat him especially since he was thick but somehow she did. 

She played with his balls, fondling them as she slurped on his cock, focusing on his cockhead as Mitch grabbed her head softly, gently guiding her up and down. He felt his balls tightening, knowing he was close and he pulled out of her mouth. He jerked off fast, growling as ropes of cum sprayed on her face and onto her breasts. She took her fingers, massaging his cum around her dark brown areolas as he still stroked his cock. 

"Oh fuck, Heather!!" as he got aroused seeing her being so wild. "Do you like?" she said, dipping a finger in his cum and slowly twirling her finger in her mouth to taste him. "Mmm. Delicious!" she exclaimed, as she rubbed his cum all over her tits. His cock began to arise again and he whispered, "Yes, I like. I want to fuck you again." 

Heather got on her hands and knees on the floor as his rod pushed between her asscheeks. He thought about wanting to take her anally but he didn't want to push her to do anything she didn't want to do. "Heather, do you like to be rimmed?" He inquired, playing with her asshole. From the sounds he heard coming from her mouth, he took that as a yes. 

He bent down and started to lick her asshole gently, his tongue swirling around her succulent hole as she played with her clit. He did this for the next few minutes, greatly enjoying the taste of her but he needed to be buried deep within her. He arose onto his knees and grasped her hips firmly, massaging the head of his cock against her clit. "Mitch," she sighed as he drove into her hard, as she screamed. He held onto her tightly as he rammed her tight pussy, sweat glistening on their bodies, as he continued his consensual assault, loving the way her big breasts swung as he fucked her. Mitchell picked up the pace, driving deep into her until he couldn't hold back any longer as he came.

He was panting for a few minutes, out of breath, as his cum was dripping out of her. "That was just what I needed today," Heather said. She gazed deeply into his eyes and moved closer to kiss him. They kissed and embraced for the next several minutes. 

Mitchell glanced at her, as he could see she was deep in thought, not saying much after their kiss. 

"What's on your mind, sexy?" he asked.

"I was wondering if you want to come to Venice Beach with me and my friend." 

"Sure, I'll love to go with you!!" He said happily.

She smiled as she mentioned, "It's this weekend."

"I'm free this weekend. I'm not doing anything plus it would be great to spend more time with you, getting to know you better."

"It's the end of summer. We should do something fun!!" he also added.

She squeezed his hand gently. "I can't absolutely wait!!"

After their sexual encounter, Mitchell and Heather were practically inseparable the next few days. They hung out at lunch, had dinner sometimes and visited each other's apartments for more fun. The next few days flew by quickly and finally it was Friday and the last long weekend for the summer. Mitchell had helped Heather pack and pick certain outfits he thought would look spectacular on her and had packed everything in his Jeep, so they could take off after work right away. 

They hopped into his Black Jeep as Mitchell couldn't take his eyes off of Heather. Her smooth caramel skin and her light brown eyes always took his breath away. He couldn't believe how lucky he was to find someone like her. As he drove to Venice Beach, Heather was constantly teasing him, resting on her hand on his leg, stroking his bulge at the red light. "You know, you are going to pay for doing this to me," he teased her. "I know," as she winked, as she got more bold, sliding her hand underneath to hold his thick cock. He grunted as he lifted his ass so he could slip his shorts lower to allow her more access. She pulled out his thick shaft and was stroking him with long strokes, as he tried to concentrate on driving.

"Heather!" he growled when she leaned over to take him in her mouth. He pulled over to the side of the road, unfastening his belt buckle, as she sucked his cock and licking it like a Popsicle. He reached over to play with her nipples, gripping them tightly. She applied more pressure until he came in her mouth and she swallowed every drop. 

"You're amazing. You know that!" 

"Mmm. I know," as she kissed him passionately as he restarted the Jeep and continued on their journey.

When they finally reached their destination, he shifted the gear into Park as he jumped out to start unloading the back of the Jeep as Heather walked around to him. They had to make two trips until everything was empty out of the vehicle. When they reached the beach house, they saw Melanie waiting for them at the door. 

"Hi Heather," she smiled, going down the stairs to hug her best friend.

"Melanie, this is Mitchell," Heather said as Mitchell held out his hand to shake Melanie's. "I have heard a lot of good things about you."

"The same for you," as she shook his hand warmly.

Heather heard another male voice, calling from inside. "Mel, are they here?" 

"Yes, Dan." A tall, athletic young man approached them. 

"Dan, this is Heather and Mitchell."

"Nice to meet both of you," as he shook both of their hands. Dan and Melanie had been going out for the past few months. 

"I'll help you with your things," as Dan and Mitchell grabbed the luggage and headed upstairs, starting to talk to each other.

Melanie and Heather watched them as they whispered. "We have some amazing, gorgeous men staying with us." 

"I know and I think all four of us can have a lot of fun!" Melanie winked at her friend suggestively. 

As the day wore on, they got more acquainted, sitting on the back patio, drinking beers as the day turned into night. Melanie cuddled into Dan's chest as Heather did the same with Mitchell. They joked until eventually the subject turned into sex. 

Melanie was feeling horny and had been checking out Mitchell since he came and she could tell Heather was doing the same with her boyfriend. 

"How about we play, Truth or Dare?" 

Everyone agreed as Heather took a quick sip of her beer. 

Melanie spoke up. "I'll take a truth. Anyone, ask me anything?"

Everyone was in deep thought for awhile until Dan asked, "What is your biggest fantasy?"

Melanie blushed at the thought, as she brushed her long, dark brown hair behind her ear. "My biggest fantasy is to have a foursome." She looked around at everyone and she saw Dan and Mitchell cough. Heather stared into her drink but thought Melanie's idea was hot. 

"Dan, you're next." Melanie chirped. 

"I'll take a dare," he answered as he stretched his legs, tightening his arm around Melanie. 

Heather asked, "I dare you to strip down to your underwear." She was amazed that came out of her mouth. She wondered if Dan would do it but he stood up, took his shirt off, trying not to mess his blonde hair as he went to unbuckle his shorts. He stopped for a few minutes, sporting a huge boner as he whispered, "I'm not wearing anything underneath." 

Mitchell had a funny look on his face as everyone gazed at Dan as he took everything off and was completely naked. Heather couldn't stop staring at his huge cock as Melanie wrapped her hands around it.

Mitchell asked, "Heather, I dare you to suck Dan's cock." Heather was shocked as she gazed into his face. "Baby, I know you want to do it, so...." He squeezed her arm gently as he felt himself getting aroused as Heather walked over to Dan and went on her knees. Mitchell unbuckled his shorts unconsciously, to fist himself as he looked at Heather, sucking and devouring Dan's huge cock. Melanie crawled over to where he was and latched onto his hard, thick shaft. She took him into his mouth and played with his balls as Dan was focusing on her and Heather. 

Everyone was moaning in pleasure as Heather climbed onto Dan's thighs and his fingers splayed her wet pussy open. "Mitchell....." he began but Mitchell nodded that it was okay to have sex with her and he knew that Heather wanted it. She sunk herself completely onto his thick shaft and he begin to pump into her slowly, as she moaned. She could hear her friend enjoying Mitchell and she urged Dan to fuck her harder. 

He whispered into her ear, "I want both of you to see each other as you fuck the both of us." She spun around to face her friend as they fucked both guys, the sounds and smells of hot, sweaty sex further pushing the men to pummel them. They screamed in pleasure as both guys stimulated their nipples, pulling on them, rubbing on their clits until both were crying when they exploded over their cocks. 

Dan and Mitchell had great stamina to hold off their orgasms for so long as they didn't lose a beat as they placed both women on the wooden floor and slapped their asses in tandem, as they fucked their pussies doggy style. They drove deeper, plundering them with their thick shafts until they released a load of cum inside both of them, groaning loudly as they came. 

All four of them collapsed in a heap, as the men hugged their partners. "That was amazing!!" everyone uttered at once and they begin to laugh. "We definitely need to do this again."

So, that was what they did, exchanging partners, doing threesomes and living out each other sexual fantasies to end the summer with a bang.

The End