 Author's note: This is a continuing story, please read the first chapters before this one, otherwise you'll be confused. Once again each chapter will have at least one sexual scene, but there's more to this story than simply sex and I feel better about the story if I include everything. Thank you for reading, comments appreciated.

Chapter 3: New Revelations, New Problems

"Okay, you have got to tell me what happened last night," Mike pleaded as he sat across from me at a table outside of one of the food courts on campus.

I sipped on energy drink I'd bought moments before, trying to compensate for the post-orgasm desire to go back to sleep. I gave Mike a wry look as I reached into my pocket to retrieve my cigarettes. "I thought we were going over this script of yours so I can make your dialogue sound better than fifth grade level," I replied.

Mike raised his middle finger in response. "You've already edited it once and I didn't change much of it since then. You're acting in it anyway and I know you'll change the lines mid-production like you always do."

"True," I said as I placed a cigarette between my lips and lit the end before returning my lighter to my pocket. "I like to ad-lib."

"Exactly," he replied. "So why don't you give me one of those smokes and fill me in on the action that went on in my office last night."

I sighed and tossed my pack at Mike, who caught it quickly out of the air. "There's not much to tell."

"Bullshit."

"Alright, fine," I said before I took another drink. "If you must know, Sarah, Jessie and I fooled around a little bit."

Mike paused as he lit his cigarette. He took a drag and slid the pack back across the table to me. "That's it? That's all you're going to say?"

I shrugged. "Nothing else to say, bro."

"God, I hate you."

I laughed a little as I slid the pack of cigarettes back into my pocket. "I'll be glad to give you a few more details when we're less public," I said, trying to change the subject.

"You fucking better."

"Hey Jason."

I turned around to see a lovely blonde walking up to the table. "Hi Miriam," I responded.

"Whatcha doin'?" she asked as she stopped just a foot or so away from me.

"Nothing much," I replied. "Just chilling with my friend Mike before my next class." I gestured to Miriam and looked over to Mike. "Mike, this is Miriam."

Mike nodded and waved. 

Miriam waved back before turning to me. "So I'm really glad you're coming to the formal with me next Friday."

I smiled. "My pleasure." Damn it, I thought. She didn't say it was a formal. It was going to be a lot more difficult to get away with going if I had to don a suit for the evening.

"I'll call you tomorrow with more details as to when and where dinner and everything is."

"Sounds like fun."

"Oh, and everything's my treat to, so don't worry about money."

I nearly choked on my cigarette. "You don't have to do that," I said.

She smiled and reached over to rub my shoulder. "Of course I do," she said. "I asked you, you're my date for the evening."

I couldn't think of anything to say for once. Luckily she saved me. "Well, I've got to run. I need to get home and read a couple chapters before I go to work tonight."

"Alright," I said. "Talk to you later."

"Bye, Jason." And with that she began walking away. I couldn't help but follow her with my eyes for a little while, staring at that spectacular ass in her black skirt. I was really looking forward to this formal, now.

I turned back and saw Mike staring in the same direction I was. He turned back to me, taking a drag of his cigarette, before smiling. "So..."

"Shut up. Not one word, or I'll surgically remove your balls."

Mike laughed and shrugged. "My lips are sealed man, but I will definitely need details next Saturday."

"You'll get them," I replied. Checking the time on my cell, I realized it was getting close to time for my class. "You know, you could have some experiences of your own if you wanted, instead of living vicariously through me."

"Yeah, but I actually stay faithful to my girlfriend."

"In other words, you've realized that you have no game and therefore need to stay faithful to ensure that you get laid on a regular basis."

Mike lifted his middle finger in response.

"Well, if you feel confident in your script, I should probably head towards class. I need to pop in a talk to my senior thesis chair, too."

Mike nodded and stood up, pulling his script out of his pocket. "Here, take this and read it this weekend, when you get a chance."

I took the script and put it into my bag. "Take it easy, bro."

"You too."

I won't bore you with anymore of the day to day activities in detail. Let's just say I went by Dr Davis' office, to class and then home to get ready for work. Sarah called to say she was coming over and I was sitting reading over some research Dr. Davis had told me to check out to strengthen my thesis when she arrived at my apartment.

She popped her head into the living room, where I was sitting and smiled as she waved. "Hey, babe. Whatcha doin'?"

I shrugged and motioned to the printout I was reading. "Estoy leyando este papel para mi clase, y tu?"

She laughed a moment. "por not para." She walked over and sat down beside me on the couch.

I rolled my eyes. "Chupe mi penga."

"Right now?" she asked, rubbing her hand across my leg. "I do need something in my mouth. I was thinking food, but if you feel like working up more of an appetite, I'm okay with that."

I stopped her hand as it was heading towards my crotch. "I will have no motivation for work if we do that now."

Sarah pouted a little. "Aww, poor baby. Did we wear you out last night?"

I reached behind her head, massaging her neck. "Nope. In fact, I think I could handle that type of thing more often."

She smiled at me. "I'm sure you think you could." She leaned over and kissed me softly. "But I don't know if Jessie would be up for it again. We might need to look for a different girl."

"Really?" I asked, suddenly curious as to where this might go. "What makes you say that? I thought she enjoyed herself last night."

Sarah leaned up against me and started rubbing her hand across my chest. "Don't take this the wrong way, but I think your history together makes her uncomfortable."

"Then why did she join us last night?"

Sarah laughed a little. "Well, she told me that she always found me attractive. I took it as an innocent compliment at first, but then she started rubbing my leg and I saw this look in her eyes. She asked me to go home with her, but I told her that I was only allowed to fuck another girl, if you were there, too."

"That's true," I said, playing along. I wanted to see where she was going with this. If she only knew what happened earlier.

"She seemed a little hesitant, but I guess a few vodka redbulls later, she was more open to the idea."

"Well, who knows," I said. "Maybe she'll decide it was fun enough to try again."

"With how fast she got out of there?" she replied. "I don't know. I say we just find another girl for me to play with."

"Oh yeah," I said wrapping my arm around her and pulling her close. I got real close to her ear and began whispering. "Are you going to seduce another girl for us?"

Sarah shivered and smiled a little. "Would you like that?"

"Yeah," I whispered. "You'd like that too, wouldn't you?"

"Yeah." She was starting to breathe a little heavier. I began rubbing her neck more as I brought my other hand to her stomach.

"You could kiss your way down her soft, feminine neck, smelling her sweet flowery perfume." I slid my hand underneath Sarah's jeans as my fingers toyed with the waistband of her underwear. "I would slide up on the other side of her and pull her face to mine." My hand bypassed her panties and slid over her mound down past her clit to find the folds of her pussy already leaking moisture.

Sarah started to join in the fantasy. "I could keep kissing her down to her soft breasts, that I would pull out of her shirt."

I got my fingers nice and wet from her juices and slid up just enough to make contact with her clit.

She gasped, as I began to circle her little button. "Oooo, and then," she began in between breaths. "she might slide one of her hands down on to my head as I sucked her nipples." A quick breath as I flicked over her clit again. "Then she might reach down and grab your cock, too."

She tried to reach over for my bulge, but I shifted her away and went faster over her clit. It distracted her enough that she simply grabbed my leg as the dirty talk and my manipulations were driving her close to the edge. I leaned down from my whispering position to suck gently on her neck. This almost had her there. She was about to come and I knew it.

That's when I stopped.

The look of shock in her eyes was obvious. I slid my hand out of her pants and looked up at the clock. "Shit," I said quickly. "We need to go get food, now if I'm going to get to work on time."

"What the fuck?" Sarah sat there stunned as I stood up, adjusting my semi-hard cock in my pants as I walked towards my bedroom to grab some shoes. 

I managed to hide my evil grin until I sat down on my bed and grabbed my socks and shoes. I heard her storming down the hall before she burst into my room obviously still breathing heavily. "Are you serious?" she asked. "You're going to get me all worked up and then decide it's time for dinner?"

I looked up with my most innocent face possible. "I need to eat something before I go to work."

She stared down at me from the doorway and suddenly she got a huge smile on her face. Shutting the door behind her she stormed over to the bed and jumped on me. "You're going to eat something, all right."

She tackled me and grabbed my arms so quickly, I didn't have time to react. I lay there stunned for a minute, and then I rolled my eyes before I decided to get this little woman off of me. 

Then I heard a click. Then another. And two more in rapid succession.

It was the first time I regretted having handcuffs so easily accessable by my bed. I was effectively a prisoner in my own bed. 

After she had pulled her cop move and restrained my hands, Sarah stood up and took her time undoing her pants. She smiled and hummed a little while she shimmied out of her pants and slid her thong panties down her legs.

I stuggled against the handcuffs, even though I knew there was no point. The key hung on a hook by the door, and Sarah wasn't going to get it until she got what she wanted. She laid her pants down on the floor and put her thong on top as she pulled her hair back over her shoulders and then reached down between her legs to give herself a quick rub. 

Resigned to the situation I simply tried to get as comfortable as I could, preparing to be smothered by a pussy I was very familiar with. 

Sarah looked over at me as she climbed up on the bed. She reached over and put one then another of my pillows underneath my head, then sat back and looked at the angle, nodding when she was satisfied.

"You know, you don't have to do this," I said, knowing it was probably futile. "I'll take care of you before we go to dinner. I was just playing around."

She looked down at me and cocked her head to the side, like a bird considering its prey. "You had your chance, motherfucker." She threw one leg over me as she lined her pussy up with my mouth. "Now you're going to eat my pussy until I'm tired of cumming." 

"I..." I started to say, but she stopped me by reaching down for my face.

"No more talking, you son of a bitch. Stick out your tongue and hold it there."

I did as I was told. I thought it might be fun to be the submissive one for a change. Usually I was the one dominating Sarah.

She inched her cunt down on to my waiting tongue and I tasted her juices as she rubbed her self lightly across it. She shifted forward and rubbed her clit on the tip of my tongue, back and forth for a moment before she moved herself back down to her dripping wet hole. I could feel her slid herself down on to my tongue and I could taste her juices as they slid down the length and into my mouth.

Then she pulled back and ran her clit across my pussy-juice lubricated tongue, letting out a little sigh before she settled down more firmly on my face. "That was fun, but I think it was a little too much work on my part, Jason."

My tongue was forced down by her clit pressing into my mouth. She positioned herself there and braced herself on my headboard. "Now lick my fucking pussy."

I began to lick in earnest, I knew she wouldn't be far from coming and I wasn't wrong. She was moaning out and squirming on my face as I went to town on her clit and moist folds. I was no stranger to licking pussy and I loved doing it. It wasn't long before I felt her begin to shudder a little and slam her wet snatch down on my face. I could taste the extra juices as they flowed out of her and onto my face when she came.

I kept licking out as best as I could with her smashing herself on to my chin until she finally reached down and pushed my head back into the pillow. Out of breath, she sighed a little before sliding down off my face and bringing her mouth to my ear. "That was a good job, my sexy little pussy licker. But I'm not quite done with you yet." She brought her face back around in front of mine and stared down at my mouth. "Oh, look," she said. "You've got my juices all over your face. Let me get that for you."

And with that she began to lick her pussy juice off my face from around my mouth, stopping occasionally to kiss me deeply. Then she pulled back and stared down at me. "God, my pussy tastes so good, doesn't it?"

"Of course it does, baby." I replied. "I could eat you every day."

She smiled and cocked her head a little. "That's nice, my little lesbian in training, but you're not getting out of those handcuffs quite yet. I'm going to ride your face again."

With that she climbed back up my body and positioned herself above my mouth again. "Suck my clit, Jason."

I did as I was told.

She continued to ride my face and, unlike the first round, she decided to get a little more talkative now that her first come was out of the way.

"Yeah...that's it...suck my pussy, you motherfucker...You like that don't you? You like licking my pussy...Oh yeah, right there...Oh god, you suck pussy good. Where'd you learn all this stuff? I love licking pussy, too...You liked watching me lick pussy, too didn't you? Oh fuck yeah...I'm going to soak your face in my cum you asshole...Oh yeah reach back with that tongue. Lick my ass, too...Oh yeah, that's nice. Oh fuck...oh fuck, go back to my clit. Yeah quickly I'm about to come. Oh yeah, Oh fuck yeah. Eat my pussy cum, you bastard. Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck."

And with that she shuddered again and came all over my mouth. I held myself there, trying to catch my breath. She was gripping the headboard behind me as each little aftershock shook her body a little over my head.

She slid back down slowly and gently kissed my mouth, tasting a little bit of herself before she slid down and lay her head on my chest. I could hear her trying to catch her breath.

"So," I said after I felt comfortable with the amount of rest my tongue had received. "Want to un-cuff me now?"

To be continued in Chapter 4: Looking forward to Friday.