 It wasn't supposed to be like this. Over six months I had spent yearning for her, and now that she was within my grasp? I was failing miserably at finding a way to just be with her. The idea of having a normal date seemed kind of corny now, but I just didn't know how to come at her given all we had been through in just getting a chance to be together. She was my best friend's girl, and we had fallen for each other as she had fallen out of love with him. It wasn't planned that way, but watching him take her for granted day after day. God it had killed me. 

Planted whispers. I knew what I was doing when I was doing it. Her best friend, someone I had known since kindergarten, I had let it slip one night during a party. Half a year later, he was gone and she was mine for the taking. So why was I having such a hard time taking her?

She glanced at me from the couch and gave me a half-smile that sent me both soaring from joy and crashing in fear. She had fixed her hair into some gorgeous wave in the back of her head, and her dress - I didn't think I would be so charged by something so soft. Filmy and flowery, it floated around her like it was calling me to worship those soft curves I had been dreaming of day and night for the better part of a year. 

Ah, Jesus man, nut the fuck up.

I moved towards her trying to restrain myself from an actual full launch. I only made it halfway towards her when I was shocked by her launching herself towards me. She reached out to my face and pulled me into a crushing kiss. There had been only two kisses we had shared before - secretive, stolen from a relationship my angel girl had been trapped in. This kiss though...

Her lips, so soft, were pushing so hard into mine that something locked up somewhere between my stomach and chest. It was like a whole ball of yearning had become a solid mass that was moving south to pull my dick into the game. I was so hard already, and her hands trembled as she wrapped them back around my head and tangled them into my hair. If I wasn't careful, I was going to nut just from kissing her.

My heart hammered in my chest as I spread my hands on her waist. Was I tripping, or could I feel her heartbeat too? The rapid slamming had reached my ears and if I didn't take her somewhere other than where we were standing I wasn't sure if I would fall or force myself onto her out of sheer primal need. I had to find the brakes. 

Leading her back with soft pressure, she took the message, lowering back and easing her mouth from mine. Her eyes had taken on a glow that spoke volumes that eased every fear I had about whether she felt the same. Her pulse ticked at her throat and I could hear her breathing in heavy, slow, gasps. Thick air. It was so thick between the heat, the smell of her arousal, and the strange spice that was her perfume, that I felt like I was swimming in it. 

"Did you pick a dress with buttons on purpose?" I breathed as I started pulling away at each little pest keeping her skin from my eyes. She nodded with her bottom lip tucked in-between her teeth, shifting impatiently as I continued to wonder at the honey-colored space between the lace of her bra and the promise of panties.

Two more, one... Something low in my belly jerked as I realized there were no panties to be had. I was kneeling at her knees fumbling with the last button and trying to ignore the strained twitching at my zipper. My length was screaming for freedom, but we only had one shot at this first time - I needed to milk it for every aching moment. My poor girl, I wanted to edge her out to insanity. I was going to brand her soul with a sexual imprint so permanent she could never move to think of anything else but me when she looked into so much as one minute into the future.

"Show me baby," I whispered as I traced my fingers up her thigh, begging in a way that made me feel I would break if she said no. "Open up and show me you." Instead, she shifted her hips down and let her knees fall apart to reveal a closely-trimmed mound. My thumb led my hand up to the juncture of her thighs, sweeping lines along the swell of her hip as my other hand stretched out for the expanse on her abdomen. Soft, velvety skin that was starting to dew up. Fingers reaching out in worship began to drag on their paths, and the creature under them began to moan. 

Strange, all I could think of was to make a soothing noise, trying to calm her fire. Words escaped me in terms of explaining how much I wanted to stretch this night beyond one climax, and how much that first one was going to mark her. How much I needed to take my time in marking her. It had to be done right, because I knew, I just knew - I couldn't lose this one. Her smile changed everything in me, and when she looked at me from under half-lidded lashes, I was gone. I had set fire to a relationship I thought would carry me through the rest of my life, and God forgive me, it was worth it.

Pulling back, I allowed my thumb access to the full lips that were parting with a sweet fragrance wafting up. Pussy, honeyed and calling as I stroked the puffy lip on one side reverently. Another moan escaped, choked as she fought to keep restrained. So my girl could play - good. Then we were really about to have some fun.

Gliding down to the first fold, I drifted in the space, pulling on the softer inner lip and finding the pulse from her core greeting with slickness. Her next moan was breathy, betraying her state as she gazed down at me. Her eyes were charged and her mouth was open as she fought to express the sensation she was feeling, but I could see she was stuck, and I grinned. Lazily, I slid into her with my thumb and she threw her head back. I stroked the back wall of her hole and her next sound was a cry as she crunched up and grabbed my shoulders pulling my mouth to hers. 

Hungrily she pulled from my mouth, eating from my soul and me loving every minute of it. She wanted me just as much as I wanted her and that felt like every holiday wrapped into one. Letting my hand stray from the work it had taken on, I grabbed for her, pulling her into my arms as I stood. She let the dress fall from an arm in turn and I gathered her tighter crushing her mouth with my own. 

Wrapping her legs around my waist in a way I would never comprehend, she adjusted herself onto me and pulled back to breathe into the small space between us, "I need you, I love you, please make me yours."

A sound ripped from my gut that I didn't know I could make - something low and claiming, like a growl. I charged into my bedroom, confident that the long-lasting first night together was quickly becoming something I wasn't in control of anymore. A delicious terror struck me, realizing that as much as I was insisting on claiming her - it was only because she had already claimed me. I would walk across fire for this girl and ask for more.

My knees bumped against the bed and she pulled back. She gazed at me with glazed eyes, lips swollen, and softly panting. I looked down to see where her core rubbed up against my zipper and found a wet spot that somehow added additional fuel to the fire - I needed to taste that dessert. Lowering her wasn't the problem i thought it would be, but resisting the urge to dive into her and eat away like a starving man at a buffet was almost agonizing. 

I held her eyes as I lowered to her thigh and kissed my way around the top of her mound to the other thigh. A frustrated chuff came from her mouth just as I softly kissed her lips, then she gasped and slid back to lay flat on the bed. I smiled to myself, feeling as though I had won the dirtiest staring contest in the world. 

Gently, I teased with soft, pulling kisses on the outer lips, then allowed myself a taste with my tongue to the inner folds. Her soft sigh felt like a caress to my mind as I delved deeper, running the tip of my tongue in the valleys, allowing my lips to suckle on folds, teeth to playfully and softly scrape sensitive skin. She was so very wet, and it wasn't just me. I could tell that I could fully hydrate just by what she was putting off. 

Slipping in to taste from the hollow hidden by her inner lips, she cried out. Spurred on, I ran it from the hollow up to her clit, latching on and teasing the hood with a gentle flick. Fingers buried themselves into my hair, and I could feel the edges of fingernails on my scalp. A darker part of me longed to feel them tearing down my back - but the current of electricity running through us promised that fantasy would be fulfilled later. 

What had started as a slight shift in her hips became a full grind. The surge of pride I felt in watching her abs flex as she fought to work into the rhythm of her exaltation was powerful. Whatever buzz I had managed at the restaurant earlier had well worn off. Now, I was drunk on lust and primal passion. 

Full seal on the whole upper portion of her pussy, I worried her clit with my tongue until the hood was fully lifted and focused solely on that one little spot as I slid a finger inside. 

"Baby..." she moaned.

"Mmmm?" I hummed around my mouthful, looking up to see if I could catch a glimpse.

She contracted, hard, bearing down as I rubbed against that soft fleshy spot on the front wall.

"Baby..." she cried out, louder.

I only responded by working faster and harder on my focal points. I knew she'd come for the first time soon, and I was desperate to wring it out of her now. The beast in my belly was done waiting for satisfaction for itself. 

Then her hips began to roll.

The hand that had been resting on her hip bone was relaying every swing and arc to some place deep in the center of me - a call rising to stay with her pace and allow her to move to her climax. She started to buck, and I paused with pressure, then pulsed it both on the clit with my tongue while simultaneously with my finger inside. She groaned, pulling my hair and hunching in on herself. 

Groaning faded into a sustained moan as I felt her pulse and wash my finger and face with her cum. I drank it down like the most powerful sacrament, positive every last drop was holy and a gift must not be wasted. My tongue stroked in soft placating laps, savoring her flavor and reveling in her body's exultant dance. 

"Mmm-hmmm" I hummed in agreement.. She flexed her hips again, slowly, riding the wave and working into another lather. My cock jumped. It surprised me that it could with how forced it was into the confined space of my jeans. Soft, mewling moans came stuttering from her throat as she started to find her arousal resurfacing. She cleared her throat as she lifted her touseled head.

"Baby, I want to suck you off but I need you in me now."

My gorgeous, dirty, and endlessly fuckable angel - how could I deny that?