 This story is 100% true.



It was Sunday night. I hate Sunday nights. Work on Monday promises a lousy commute and a dull day. She made me enjoy this particular Sunday, however.

We had climbed into bed, me in my boxers and her in her white booty shorts and a tank top that left little to the imagination. She snuggled up next to me as the little spoon. I knew there was an early morning on the horizon, so as much as I wanted to grab her ass and start getting her wet, I held off.

I lay there for 10 or 15 minutes when she began to move. Only slightly at first - a gentle press of her round butt into my crotch. Then a little more – she began to grind into me. She stopped all pretenses and started giving me what amounted to a horizontal lapdance, working her ass around my stiffening cock, sliding it up and down between her buttcheeks and reaching her arms up over her head and pulling my face into her neck. I could hear her breathing hard as she worked to arouse me.

I had been holding her waist and caressing her flat tummy. I worked my hands under her top and began massaging her tits, earning a series of soft moans from her.

"Get on top," I whispered in her ear. "I want to taste you."

Without a word she slipped off her panties and straddled my face, holding the headboard to stabilize herself.

I started slow, working my tongue along her inner thighs and all around her moistening pussy. She didn't care for the teasing. She started to hump my face in impatience but I wouldn't relent. I refused to put my mouth on her slit, reaching up to tweak her nipples with both my hands.

She began to whine incoherently and grind into my face harder. I finally gave her what she wanted, licking roughly up the length of her cunt. She sighed deepy and moaned loudly as she was finally satisfied fully.

She took her hands from the headboard and grabbed two handfuls of my hair, driving my face into her. I now ate her out enthusiastically, plunging my tongue inside her as deep as it would go, then pulling out and working her clit in tiny circles and a series of flicks with the tip of my tongue. She bucked against me, working to get my tongue in just the right spot to trigger her orgasm.

Together, we found the right button to press. She exploded, screaming and sending a jet of warm pussy juice into my mouth. She slowly slid down to sit on my chest and bent over to kiss me.

"Thanks for the drink babe, I was thirsty," I said.

"You're welcome. Now let's get you taken care of."

She got off of me and kneeled to my right, bending over so I could reach her pussy and ass with my right hand. She wasted no time, swallowing my semi-erect dick in one motion, gagging on it. With my left hand I grabbed her ponytail and pushed down hard on her head, driving my cock deeper down her throat. She maneuvered her tongue out of her mouth and licked around the base of my cock, using a hand to bring my balls up into her range and slobbering on them as well.

I released her when she began to struggle for air. She shot up and gasped, but plunged right back down onto me, deepthroating my now fully hard member in long, wet strokes. I removed my right hand from her ass and put both my hands on the back of her head. I fucked her face hard and fast, showing her no mercy.

Spit ran down my balls and the crack of my ass. Her right hand found the wetness she had created and began using it to caress my balls as she gurgled around my cock. I released her head from my grip, not because I didn't want to fuck her skull any longer, but because I knew she no longer needed the extra encouragement my hands provided.

She fucked her throat all on her own, playing with my balls as she did so. She made sure to keep her mouth partly open so I could hear my favorite noise: her choking on my cock.

She kept going and I felt her move from my balls, exploring me with her fingers. I spread my legs slightly and she worked a slick finger into my ass. I groaned as she entered me. She continued to take my dick down her throat as she went to work on my prostate. With long, steady and rough strokes, she fingered my asshole and worked me closer and closer to completion.

She whined and stuck out her lower lip in mock disappointment when I stopped her.

"Why did you stop me? I would have sucked the cum out of you," she said.

"I want to fuck you, and not just your face."

She didn't waste any time, straddling me and lining up her pussy with my cock. She slowly worked herself onto it, adjusting to the size until she had taken me balls deep. I pulled her close as I began to fuck her, grabbing her ass cheeks and spreading them apart.

She moaned and slid her tongue into my ear, then down to my neck. I quickened my pace, pushing her off of me and grabbing her tits as she went upright. She shuddered with a small orgasm. I took the hint and began fucking her harder, pinching her nipples until she squirmed. She reached down and did the same to mine. I felt her pussy clamp down and she came hard around me, twitching and losing control of her body. She collapsed on top of me.

I continued slowly fucking her. I reached down to feel how wet she was and took some of that slickness, spreading it on her ass. I penetrated her with my finger, alternating thrusts with my hand and thrusts with my dick. She moaned and clawed at my chest, enjoying the double penetration I was giving her. She came once more, screaming into the pillow next to me.

She rolled off of me and got on her hands and knees. I took the opportunity to rim her sweet asshole and she giggled, inhaling sharply as I penetrated her with my tongue. I rose to my knees and lined up my cock, plunging it into her pussy deeply. She lifted her ass in the air and put her face flat on the bed, reaching underneath to fondle my balls as they slapped against her clit.

I grasped her hips and used them for leverage, fucking her as hard as I could. She began to scream as I rode her, involuntarily trying to move forward. I wouldn't let her. I held her in place and crushed her pussy over and over again. She screamed, she moaned, she lifted herself up, she collapsed back down. She was unable to control herself as I pounded her little cunt. A rolling orgasm took her over that culminated when she thrust herself away from me, collapsed on the bed and spasmed uncontrollably, squealing.

I lay on top of her, my cock pressed between her ass cheeks. I kissed the back of her neck softly, caressing her face with my hand. She turned as best she could to look at me and asked me to cum.

I pulled her back up onto her hands and knees and spit on her asshole. She grabbed the base of my cock and lined it up with her tight little hole, slowly maneuvering her way onto it. Her ass stretched as I entered her. I pulled her ass cheeks apart and took in the view, enjoying every inch that disappeared up her butt.

I slowly started humping her, holding her hips as I moved in and out of her ass. I'm always amazed at how tight and warm the inside of her butt is, and this time was no different.

"God I love how your ass feels baby. You're so fucking tight – so sexy."

She just moaned in response. I removed one hand from her ass and pushed her head down into the pillow. I quickened my pace and her breaths became sharper.

I pounded her doggy style as she came from the anal stimulation. I pulled out of her and flipped her over onto her back.

"I want to see your face when I fill you up with cum, little girl."

"Give it to me. I need it. Please give me your cum."

I re-entered her ass, lifting her up with my hands on her buttcheeks to improve my angle. I began to fuck her as hard as I could, willing myself to fill her butt up to the brim with my hot load. I began to lose myself, feeling the pressure in my balls build when...

CRASH

The bed broke.

"You've got to be kidding," I said as she laughed.

I pulled out of her, the mood entirely ruined. I got down on my hands and knees as she swung out of the bed. I looked under the all-metal bed. A screw had come loose and one of the slats had been knocked out of its housing.

I heard her giggle as she went into the bathroom to clean herself up.

I couldn't believe how ridiculous this was as I got on my back on the floor, lifted the bed and tried to make it stable enough for us to sleep on. I was so concentrated on fixing the bed that I didn't notice her enter the room.

I only noticed her when she knelt between my knees. She bent down and took my flaccid dick into her mouth, immediately reviving it. She deepthroated me hard and fast. I looked to my right at the mirrored sliding door of our closet to enjoy the view. Her head bobbed up and down on my stiffening member. She slurped and sucked as hard as she could, using one of her hands to jerk me off while she blew me. The other hand found my asshole again, sliding inside me and massaging my prostate.

I moaned as she worked on me, sucking, jerking and fingering.

It occurred to me as I watched her suck me that I hadn't cleaned up after I had fucked her ass. She had taken my dick directly from her ass to her mouth. This knowledge pushed me over the brink. My dick hardened, my balls tightened and my shaft pulsed as I shot my load into her waiting mouth. She kept her mouth open, the cum running down my dick, balls and her hand.

She waited until I was spent completely and released my cock with a gentle kiss on the tip. I pulled her up and kissed her deeply, tasting what was left of my cum and the slightest flavor of her ass I knew so well from rimming her.

The bed now stabilized, I held her close and we drifted off to sleep.