 I have a big dick. It's 11 inches long, 6 inches wide, cut so that the big head is always exposed. There are good things and bad things about having a big dick (yes, really, there ARE disadvantages despite what you've thought.). In the realm of sex, mostly it's good things. In the area of personality, though, it took some time to work through things. 

Let's start with women. Just having a big dick didn't automatically take away my nervousness or my hesitancy around them. Asking one on a date was still agonizing for a long time -- that fear of rejection is a powerful beast! I got over that like any red-blooded young man, however, and moved into dating. And that opened up another can of worms. Imagine, if you will, making out with a pretty girl. Kissing and hugging. Getting your hands on her soft breasts and hard nipples. Learning to use them to build up her desire -- it's fun, right? I mean, I got really good at sucking on boobs -- so good that half the time the girls would cum from that alone! So you figure, hey, they just came, maybe I can get them to return the favor...

Well, for the first 9 women I was with, that was definitely NOT the case. Two of them didn't get beyond rubbing my dick through my pants before they freaked out. Out of the rest, all of them let me get it out and then went through various changes. One just wanted to look at it -- that was it! No touching! Imagine! 

Two of them managed to get up the nerve to play with it/me. I mean, any touching is good, but those two must have thought it was fragile glass and not the thick, solid monster it feels like. Dropped them off and took care of it myself. Of the remaining four (and yes, I remember each one), they all got me off but seemed so troubled by it that it was almost a waste. Of course, pumping my cum all over an expensive sweater, splattering it into heads of teased hair, and general messiness might have contributed -- but after nine tries I was pretty down on having a big cock. I was beginning to research reduction. I know that shocks most guys who wish for bigger dicks. But when you really want to get related to another human being, and your dick scares them away, well, you begin to get desperate.

As luck would have it, however, number ten was different. Claire was a little bit different from all the other women before her anyway. She dressed differently, for one thing. Her clothes were either extremely tight clung to every inch of her body, or very loose and capable of revealing flashes of skin I never expected. She could outdrink me or just about anyone I knew. I figured she was the kind of women I would never have a chance with -- one who appears in porn fantasies in print and on film. 

Guess what? She not only was one of those fantasies come true, she was a size queen as well. With friends, as it turned out. It started one night as we were sitting and drinking in the local bar down the street from my apartment. She was drinking whiskey, neat, and I was on my third beer when she turned to me and asked the question that changed my life.

"How come you haven't hit on me? Are you gay or something?" 

My mouthful of beer came out my nose. It took a few minutes to clean that up and recover. "Are you serious?" I asked.

"Damn straight I am! You're a pretty good looking dude, and I thought I was giving you all the right signals -- I know this blouse shows off my tits when I lean over. I think I even caught you looking, so I don't think you're gay. What gives?"

"This is going to sound a bit strange. But I'm gonna be honest -- I've gone out with nine women, and they all rejected me. I like you, and I've been trying to figure out how we can be friends. Safe, you know?

"I'm not sure." She looked at me. "I have to ask -- what happened that nine women rejected you? They find out you were sex offender or something?" She said with a smile, softening the blow. 

"I'm kinda embarrassed here, Claire. I have a very big dick, and they got freaked out by it." I sat there, looking at her, having just revealed what seemed to me to be a dark secret.

"Damn. How big are you?" She asked. 

"Eleven inches long." I replied. Her mouth fell open and she moved closer to me.

"Oh. My. God. Danny, I've been looking for you all my life!" Her hand was in my lap, tracing the length of my growing cock. Her eyes seemed to glaze over for a minute. A moan escaped her lips. My cock was like an iron pipe, running down my leg and she was making it harder than I could remember ever being.

"You like it?" I asked. 

"Honey, I like it and I am going to love it! We need to get out of here. Pay the tab while I use the ladies' room, and let's go." 

I settled my pants a bit so I could stand without embarrassing myself or falling over, and got the waitress to handle the bill. Claire came out of the back and reached out to me to get me up, and put something damp in my hand. I looked, and it appeared to be her panties. 

"Yeah. That's exactly what you think. I am so fucking horny right now that I can barely talk and I want you to know it. Where can we go?"

Since my apartment was within walking distance, I suggested that and we left. We were passing one of the alleys on the street when she grabbed my hand and pulled me into it, dropping to her knees. "Come here, big boy. I need to see it." She said, and worked at my belt and zipper. 

When she worked my jeans and briefs down to my knees, my cock stood at attention, jutting in front of me like a flag. Her eyes were staring, seemingly awestruck. Her hands were beginning to play with it. She used one hand to cup my balls, and the other to attempt to circle my cock. The sensations were wonderful. 

"Oh man! You have a monster!" No sooner had she finished the statement than she had the head of it all in her mouth. No one had ever done that. It was a fantasy come true! And she wasn't stopping at the head -- she was working my cock deeper into her mouth. It was as if a hot, wet flame was burning on my dick, My knees trembled, and she felt that. She put her hands on my hips and pushed me back so my naked ass was against the wall, then she grabbed my hands and put them on her head. It was just a like a picture out of some porno video and my cock grew even harder. 

Then she went back at it. Her head began to bob; pulling back and running her tongue around the head, then moving forward and getting more of my shaft in her mouth each time. I was in another world, just feeling the sensations on my dick. I closed my eyes to savor the feelings and she kept fitting more into her mouth. I felt her adjust her throat -- or do something different, anyway -- and suddenly her nose was jammed into my stomach and my entire length was enveloped in a hot, wet tunnel that seemed like liquid velvet. And I came. Again and again. Pumping cum down her throat and she just kept taking it. Every swallow brought new sensations and, in turn, more cum. 

Finally, after everything was still, she pulled her head off and looked up at me. "Thank 

you. You are magnificent!" 

I was floored. She had just made my dreams come true and she was thanking me? Amazing! I tried to say something but my brain wouldn't get connected. I just stared at her as she got to her feet and pulled my pants back up. 

"Come on" She said. "I need you to fuck me silly with that cock!" 

The rest of that night, she did all the work. We got back to my place, got naked and she pushed me onto my bed and almost jumped on my dick. She rode it for at least an hour, cumming over and over. For my part, I just lay back and watched an amazing show. She had large breasts (38DD, as I learned later) with equally large nipples. They were very sensitive and very mobile. They flopped up and down. They moved around and around. Her pussy, meanwhile, seemed to swallow my dick all the way -- like her mouth had done -- and she appeared to be enthralled with it. The blowjob earlier allowed me to stay hard without needing to cum for that hour. She, on the other hand, seemed to be having one continuous orgasm. 

Finally, she fell off my dick, jerking and spasming. "Holy shit! That was amazing! And you're still hard! I may have to marry you!" She said. We both started laughing. 

"Marry me? Hell, do you even know my name?" I asked. 

"I don't care! I'll call you anything you want me to -- that cock is what I've been dreaming about. Did you ever hear the term size queen?" She asked.

"No, what's it mean?"

"I would think it would be obvious, but in case it isn't, it's a woman who prefers big cocks. Or, in my case, demands big cocks. And I thought I was doing fine with my steady guys -- but you put them all to shame! Your cock is so thick, it's like getting fisted. Oh shit! Don't tell me you've never heard of THAT?!" She looked amazed.

"I heard of it -- but I figured it was just porn talk. Do you really? I mean, an entire fist? Is it painful?"

"I've never told anyone before -- but yeah, I've inserted my whole hand up my cunt a few times. I haven't had anyone do it to me except me, but I'm up for it. The thing is, I found out that average sized guys can't get me to cum. Besides the fact that most of them don't last long enough, they don't fill me up. So I started using bigger and bigger toys. I have some very realistic dildos at home for when I can't find my Mr. Right Now. And the bigger they are, the better I feel. And then I found you! Not only are you huge, you are still hard and you haven't cum yet! Have you got any lube?" She asked.

"Yeah there's some astroglide in my nightstand. Hang on. Better yet, get on your hands and knees." As she did, I got behind her and began to lubricate my cock, getting it harder. "You have a very lovely ass..."

"Ooohhh...I've never taken anything as big as you in the ass. But it's yours if you want it. Lube it up. Get me wet. Then go ahead and take my ass with that giant dick."

How could I refuse? Why wound I even think to refuse? I didn't -- I took that tube and dripped some on her rosebud, then took my time spreading it around. I got more in her slowly, one finger pushing in, then two, then three and her ass hole was wide open. 

"I'm a nice guy, I was planning to take my time. Is that want you want?" I asked.

"MMmmm..it would be smart, but I want you to ream the shit out of me. Take me like I'm your little fuck doll. RAM YOUR BIG COCK UP MY ASS!!"

I took her at her word and buried the entire length of my cock in her with one stroke. She sobbed, moaned, groaned, screamed and twisted -- and she pushed back at me at the same time! My cock was buried in the tightest, softest, hottest hole it had ever been in and the sensations were exquisite. It was my turn to moan.

"Now pound me, Danny! Fuck my fat ass! Take it. It's yours! Fuck me until you come out my mouth!" Tears were flowing down her face but her expression was on of pure lust. 

She was pressed back against me, spreading her cheeks to get more in. So I started pulling back and then ramming forward. Pulling back further and ramming in. I kept lengthening the stroke until I was just leaving the head in her ass and then throwing my hips forward and my cock as deep inside her as I could. Over and over. Faster and faster. At one point she came -- her ass grabbing and releasing my cock as she screamed out her orgasm. Her cunt squirted. I kept mashing my balls into her pussy.

Then I felt it begin, Those sensations that take over. My steady rhythm was getting jerky, I felt a tightness in my balls. I couldn't speak, I could just keep driving my dick into her and then it exploded! Jet after jet of hot cum traveled up from my balls, pumping my dick and spurting into her bowels. It seemed to go on forever and then I was done. I fell onto her back and drover her onto the mattress beneath me. When I came out of it, she was laughing and crying at the same time. My bed was soaked with our juices. Our bodies were sticky with fluids drying. My cock began to deflate, and I slowly withdrew from her now stretched ass hole, rolling on my side staring up at the ceiling. 

"Oh man! That was incredible! I'd never let loose like that before. Are you okay?' I asked, ever the nice guy. 

"Okay? Are you kidding me? I'm more than okay! I've never had such amazing sex before. I've dreamed about it, but never thought it would happen! I can't wait to tell my friends!"

"Wait -- tell your friends?"

"Honey, that magic stick of yours is something to be shared! I have a couple of girl friends who would got nuttier over it than I did -- interested?" She asked.

"What would I have to do? I'm not good on dates." I stammered.

"Dates? Who said anything about that? All you would have to do is get hard and let them have their fill. Like a wet dream -- for real! They are crazier than I am, and when you throw in a cock the size of yours there's no telling what they will let you do! Hell, I never do anal with any of my studs -- but you wanted it, so you got it. No questions, no hesitations. All you have to do is say something and it's yours! That's how much power you have over me." 

I was stunned. She was right -- it was a dream come true and I really wasn't prepared for it. I started to think about fucking her tits and then started worrying about what she'd think of me. My erection started to wilt and she caught it.

"Whatever you just thought about -- stop it! I bet you thought of something you would like to do and then worried over what I would think of you!"

I was stunned. How could she know?

"I know -- I used to do the same thing. I was horny all the time but afraid people would think I was a slut and wouldn't like me. I stayed horny because I never let anyone know. Then a girl friend had almost this same conversation with me that I'm having with you. 

She told me you don't what them to put you in the church choir! You want to get laid! You WANT them to think about sex with you. That you're a dirty girl. Perverted even! It's that or just stay home and keep buying dlidos and vibrators. You want cock? Then appear like a woman who does! It worked."

"In that case" I replied, "Get over here -- I want to fuck your tits!" 

"Yes sir! Can I suck your cock at that same time?" She grinned as she grabbed her boobs and squeezed them around my now erect dick. "It will get messy but it will feel incredible."

"Go for it! Get to work!" I said with a big grin.

She got my cock all wet with her saliva, then enveloped it in her big boobs. When the head would pop out she'd take it into her mouth. The saliva made it feel like I was enclosed in velvet. 

"Cum on me" She said. "I want to see that hot white spunk shoot all over me!" 

I was as hard as I had ever been, and getting what I wanted because I wanted it was a heady reward. It didn't take much before the first spurt came while the head of my dick was between her tits, hitting her in the chin. She then got her mouth around it and sucked all the cum out of me again. Eventually I stopped cumming and watched her swallow my load, all the while fingering herself to yet another orgasm. We were both overwhelmed at that point and fell back on the bed, drifting in and out of sleep.

I woke up after some time, and Claire was on the phone.

"You and Sue have GOT to get over here. He's got a foot of cock to work with, and he's had nothing but bad luck with women up until now. Evidently he was going out with nice girls. This man is a slut's dream. I can't tell you how many times I've cum. He's a treasure and we want to keep him feeling like it. How about this evening after you guys get off work? Good. I'll let him know he's got something to look forward to -- he's up now, and so's his amazing cock. Bye!"

I had a combination of morning wood, piss hard-on and just plain boner, hearing her talk like that. I remembered what she said about being assertive.

"Okay, slut, get over here and suck the cum out of my balls!"

She was on me in a flash. I put some pillows behind my head to watch, which made me even harder. It was an amazing sight -- she had both hands wrapped around my dick, moving in opposite directions, lubed by her saliva, and that was exquisite. But even more exciting was watching her work my cock into her mouth and down her throat. She struggled when she reached the gag point, and then seemed to just decide to go for it, because with very little fuss she had her nose buried in my pubes! I was amazed -- but more importantly, the sensation of being completely enveloped by a hot, wet mouth had me crazy out of my mind!

"Ohhh..."I groaned.

For her part, I watched her eyes meet mine and imagined she was smiling around the thickness of my cock. She slowly pulled her head off it, continuing to stroke it, and when it was out of her mouth she rubbed it all around her face and let me know she really did like it.

"I love how that feels down my throat. I feel like I'm connected to you -- I mean, I am, but like it's more than just the flesh. I want to worship that cock and make you happy!"

With that, she dove back down the entire length of my dick and began to bob up and down with long strokes. I was going in and out of her throat and the changing sensations were driving me wild. My hips began thrusting and she continued to bob. I grabbed her head and held it still as I began to fuck her throat. The sounds she was making were straight out of porn movie.

"Gaauck. Glauack. Unh. Unh." Spit was pooling on my stomach, and to my amazement she wiped her hands in it and began using it on me. First one hand was working my balls; twisting and squeezing, then grabbing the flesh at the base and circling it so they were stretched. 

And then I felt her wet finger playing around my ass. If felt strange, but I was more intent on the feelings of her throat as it milked my cock. She kept getting my asshole wet, and soon had worked a finger in me. Then two. And it was like a rocket going off! Afterwards I figured out she'd hit my prostate, but when it happened it was like an electric current hit my balls and I started cumming. I grabbed her head and jammed my cock down her throat and shot jet after jet after jet directly into her stomach.  

When she started pushing against me I let go of her head and my cock fell out of her mouth. I was on another planet -- I had never cum like that before. At that moment, if she had asked, I would have done anything for her! Or to her!

But she didn't ask anything; her eyes glowing, she fell back and started finger fucking her cunt, and playing with her clit at the same time until she too had a might orgasm.

"And who were you on the phone with?" I asked.

"My friend Helen, the one who helped me realize that being a slut wasn't bad. I invited her and her friend Sue over later. I hope you are enjoying this -- because you are a national treasure and I'm bringing in experts to mine it."

I laughed. I could get used to this!