 The skin of his cock rubbed against her lips as she moved her head up, then down. Up, then down. One hand at the base of his cock, the other loitering in the vicinity of his hairy chest. She glanced at his reflection in the mirror, his face tight, gripped with his pleasure. She saw that in his occasional glances down at her, she seemed to be no more than an instrument to him. Much as her vibrator was to her. This was not news to her, and its sting had long since passed. His urgency brought her thoughts back to the task at hand, and soon he was expelling his cum into her mouth.

Kristin looked at her self in the mirror as she gargled the taste away. She had done her duty, but unlike most nights, she wanted more. The door closed between her and her husband, she opened the drawer for her own instrument of pleasure. She held it in her hands, the coldness betraying its artificiality, and twisted it into life. The low, inconsistent whirr disappointed her; the batteries were obviously dying. Reluctantly she put the vibrator back in the drawer. She opened the door, and turned the bathroom light off. But instead of going to bed she turned and went downstairs.

"There have to be batteries here somewhere," she thought to herself. She searched the kitchen first, then the den, but the only batteries she found were for the remote controls and other toys of his. The lack of success only seemed to make her more determined. Or was it the growing warmth in her cunt that compelled her? She began to entertain the idea of going out to get batteries. It was ridiculous, at 1:30 in the morning, to think of going out for batteries, simply so she could bring herself to orgasm. She went upstairs and dressed anyway. She was in no shape to deny the need.

Kristin pulled out of the driveway with an urgency out of place at this hour of night. Her eyes scanning the horizon for the familiar lights of the QuikTrip, she drove onward. Her free hand occasionally wandered to that part that drove her. She pulled into the empty parking lot, past the gas pumps and up to the brightly-lit store. Walking in, she immediately began her search for the batteries. Instantly the burning eyes of the clerk found her neck. With his eyes came her self-consciousness, as she suddenly realized she was alone with him in the deserted store. Her search tempered by the knowledge she was being watched, she moved more slowly, less sure. The batteries were nowhere to be found. She finally forced herself to walk to the counter and ask for them.

Though the clerk could not know their purpose, she still blushed. The man however, younger than her by just a couple of years, was not through inspecting her. He seemed to be lingering on her chest. She was puzzled, as her breasts were not overly large, but a quick glance down revealed to her the unbuttoned shirt, and the resulting cleavage. She quickly pulled the shirt closer, and demanded "Where are the batteries?"

"What kind of batteries are you looking for?" he asked.

"I need triple-a."

"You sure you don't need triple-x?" He grinned at her.

Kristin paused, speechless, taken aback by the turn in conversation. The clerk held up a solitary pack of AAA batteries. She gathered herself, and asked him how much, wanting to escape as quickly as possible.

"One blow job." He smirked. Then he winked at her.

Kristin stormed out of the store.

She sat there in the car, fuming. She pounded on the steering wheel. She never expected that kind of language, that direct of a come-on. She thought about writing a complaint letter, but didn't think it would be much use. Besides, she thought, how would she start it. "I was out buying batteries for my vibrator because my sex life is so pathetic when ..." Her anger abated; she couldn't help chuckling in spite of the bastard.

Her cunt demanded her attention once again. She drove in search of another store.

She found the Seven-Eleven a few blocks down the street, and pulled in to its parking lot. As she got out of her car she realized she had not buttoned her shirt after her earlier discovery. She did not button it now. She walked into the store, immediately aware of the gaze of the clerk. This one was older, foreign, and she could see the battle of his disapproval and his lust being waged on his face. She wandered the store, half-looking for the elusive batteries, half-thinking what her husband would think of her cleavage. The jeans and old shirt ordinarily would not attract this much attention, even with the added spice of the revealed skin. But it was late at night, an hour when men's thoughts easily turn to lust. And women's as well.

The clerk stared at her as she sauntered about the store. Her mind warned her she should stop this increasingly provocative behavior, her body nullified that notion. She found the batteries, and took the package to the counter. The man almost seething, his lust pouring out of his eyes. His disgust for the slut evidenced itself in the tone of his voice. He quickly took her money and sent her on her way, but his look devoured her as she walked from his store. She never felt so sexy in a pair of old jeans.

As she drove away, her cunt rewarded her with sensations she had long since thought extinct, a delicious spice not available with even the most powerful vibrator. She was wet. Very wet. It showed on her face. She left, but instead of heading for the comfort of her home, she journeyed further, to another store.

She walked in, making eye contact with the man behind the counter. Not a man, a boy. She stole glances, and immediately averted her eyes when his turned to hers. She found the batteries after a few minutes of unnecessary searching. She put them on the counter, and after a pause, answered "Hmmmm" to his query if that was all she needed. She saw him trying to steal a glimpse of her cleavage, and she turned away from him. Then she turned back and smiled. All the poor bastard could do was gulp and hand her the change.

Another store. She went in, her shirt wet from the newly falling rain, her nipples pressing into the fabric, the fabric failing in its purpose of hiding her skin. The clerk couldn't mask his interest even if he tried. He didn't try. She looked him deep in the eyes as she paid her debt. Her chest heaving from the thrill of the chase, her the rabbit, the clerks the hounds. Her heavy breathing told of an excitement she had not experienced in some time. She drove some more, to another store, she pulled into the parking lot, the bright light shining on her as she walked from the car. 

She gasped quietly as the clerk looked up at her. It was the first store she had entered that night. 

"Back for my batteries?"

She looked at him, and his smirk. She looked at her drenched shirt, leaving no curve of her breasts to the imagination. Her arousal evident, and her cunt calling the shots, she walked behind the counter and went down on her knees. She unzipped his pants and sucked his cock into her mouth. The wicked thoughts of so many long nights had become flesh before him, and within seconds his hands found her head. 

Caressing at first. Gripping second. Forcing third as his nature began to show. She felt his cock at his hardest, she felt it probing her, fucking her mouth. She had begun by satisfying him, he ended by satisfying himself at her expense. His hips thrust forward, and pinned her against the counter. He exploded, his cum filling her mouth. She gagged, and her mouth came off; his cock spewed the remaining cum on her face. He rubbed his cock in the cum on her face, the head brushing against the base of her nose, her nose relaying the scents of his lust to her brain, her brain judging her harshly for her act, her heart refusing the judgment of her brain. She looked up at the son of a bitch, gloating over her. Both breathing heavily. Both in their own way having found what they were looking for.

She stood up, and walked from behind the counter then froze - another woman was standing there. From the look on her face she had obviously seen the depth of Kristin's need. She certainly saw the residue of her submission clinging to her face. 

Kristin walked past the woman, refusing to accept any judgment as she passed. 

The woman watched the cum-covered slut walk out, glanced at the smirking clerk, and felt a deep disgust welling within her. She was not sure the cause of the disgust, though, whether it had been the sight of the woman on her knees, sucking the cock of an obvious stranger, or the fact that her cunt was now demanding her attention.

She kept her eyes down, somewhat embarrassed, and began her search. She was here to find batteries.