 I don’t know how long we had been asleep. When I awoke, I looked over at her. 

Maxine was laying on her right side, facing me. The light filtering through the curtains highlighted most of her face and her breasts. She looked as if she hadn’t a care in the world. “God, she’s beautiful!” I thought. Even though we had worn each other out with an evening of sex, I felt another stirring deep within my body. I was so tired, but I just had to touch her one more time.

So as not to wake her right away, I gently kissed her forehead, then the tip of her nose. 

She began to stir and I thought she was waking up, but she was in a deep sleep and was just getting more comfortable. Using just my fingertips, I lightly traced the outline of her neck down to her breasts. When I touched her breasts, her nipples began to harden. Fighting the urge to lick the nipples, I caressed one side of her body until I was just below the hips. She let out a faint moan, still asleep.

I began softly licking her left nipple. The nipple began to swell. I licked her right nipple the same way. I was getting so turned on I began to use my tongue to press against the nipple while I wiggled the tip against her skin. Eyes still closed, she slowly raised a hand and cupped the back of my head to pull me closer. 


She moved her hips closer to me, and I pressed a little harder. I had begun sucking harder on her nipple, and moved my fingers between her legs. I just held my fingers against her there and she began slowly to move back and forth in short, rhythmic motions.

She still wasn’t completely awake, but her soft, sleepy moans of ‘mmmmm David’ were extremely arousing. There just wasn’t time to go back to the other nipple. I rolled her onto her back and went down between her legs. I kissed her all over, pushing the bed-covers down, spreading her legs a little more and lay down between them. 

My tongue searched and probed beneath her as she let out a long, almost inaudible moan and began to tremble. I spread the lips of her pussy wide and caressed her with my tongue and now she was really awake! Her breaths were coming faster and faster. She reached down, grabbed my head and pulled me even closer, thrusting herself up into my open mouth. 

My fingers and tongue worked in unison as the slow in-and-out movement of my fingers, combined with the fast pace of my tongue heightened the sensations, which rippled through her body.

Suddenly Maxine pulled her hands back and I rolled my eyes upward to see her. She was playing with her nipples. Her tongue moistened her lips and the tips of her fingers. I wanted this moment to go on for hours, though I guessed neither of us had the stamina. 

As I began to raise up onto my hands and knees, she sat up and met my lips with hers. We shared a deep, long kiss as she laid down pulling me with her. We lay like that for a while, alternating between kissing and gazing into each other’s eyes. It seemed, for just those few minutes, time really did stand still. 

I rolled off of her and we continued to look at each other. Talk wasn’t necessary. It was as if our emotions had connected and all thoughts, feelings and desires were shared. 

She knelt between my outstretched legs - her eyes found my hard cock and she reached out for it. We both looked at it and smiled. She gently held it between her fingers pulling downwards and I moaned. Oh God, how I wanted her to suck it. She must have heard my thoughts, because she lowered her head to my cock and wrapped her lips around the throbbing shaft. 

She knew I was ready and her tongue expertly began to caress the tip of my cock now enclosed within her warm mouth. Occasionally she sucked hard and lifted her head, almost but not quite releasing the tight grip of her soft lips from around my cock before plunging down again. Over and over again.


Suddenly, Maxine stopped everything she was doing. Looking up at me she smiled a devilish smile as she lay down on top of me, kissing me deeply before lowering her aching pussy onto my still throbbing cock. My eyes closed and I felt her pushing herself down onto me, in circular thrusts of her body. Mmmmm, it felt so, so good as our bodies reached orgasm together and exploded. 

I can’t ever remember a sensation like that before and I guess she sensed that by looking into my eyes, now so full with passion and deep desire. Clasping our fingers together, we were still joined as we eventually drifted off to sleep again.

In an endless night.

The end