 My sexy, shaven-headed lover tells me that he feeds off the energy from my orgasms and that he wants me to have several more before he has his first. Who am I to argue? So I jump up off the bed and unlock the old fashioned wooden chest nearby. I throw back the lid and he crouches down next to me to gaze in interest and curiosity at all that lies within. I am a strong Alpha female who also likes to switch, so the contents of my toy box reflect my varied tastes. Inside, I have nipple clamps of all shapes, sizes and methods of clamping, blindfolds, various lengths of neatly coiled rope, a wartenburg wheel, myriad vibrators, multiple dildos and strap on harnesses, handcuffs, lube, anal plugs and an exciting new item I have yet to use - a stainless rosebud sounding set. His eyes widen at the choices before us. He reaches for the blindfold and lays me back on the bed.

Once fastened, I cannot see what else he has in store for me but very shortly I feel the prickly pins of the wartenburg wheel roll across the tender spots of my underarms, across my belly, around my breasts and up and down the length of my nipples. I try to pull away from the sharp needles of the wheel, but he pins my arms above my head and lazily rolls the wicked little device all over my delicate flesh. He is enjoying my squirming and growing sense of discomfort at being powerless against him and his kinky desires. While strong and independent, I need and crave a powerful man who can take charge of my body and push the envelope of my pain and pleasure. He continues doing just that, imprisoning my nipples suddenly between the grip of stainless steel chopstick-style clamps, making me gasp in shock and surprise. The pain is subtle at first, barely pinching my sensitive nubs between the unforgiving lengths of steel. But as he continues rolling the devilish little pinwheel across my sense-heightened skin, the clamps begin to pinch more, digging in to my rosy nipples. It is exquisite torture - the pleasure/pain of the clamps creating strong yet yummy sensations in my nipples that travel all the way down to my swelling clit, and the sharp, flinch-inducing prickle of the wheel as he rolls it across my hips, belly and inner thighs. I hear him chuckle slightly at the growing moisture that is now glistening on my nether lips. His pleasure in my torment is frustrating and I buck in protest.

"No, beautiful," he coos. "Your body is mine. Mine to possess. Mine to tease. Mine to pleasure. Lie still."

I obey and suddenly my ears pick up the unmistakable hum of a vibrator...but which one? Without warning, he plunges the soft silicone head of the cock-shaped vibe deeply into my unsuspecting pussy. I cry out mostly in surprise but also in pleasure...oh, to suddenly be filled with a twisting, vibrating instrument of delight while experiencing the multiple sensations in my nipples...it was heaven. Moments later, he flicks a switch and I feel a jolt in my body as the clit stimulator whirs to life and assaults my delicate jewel. I cannot contain my moans and writhing as my pussy contracts around the shaft of the vibe, my nipples pulse with painful yet arousing compression and my throbbing clit is stroked endlessly in a mechanical frenzy. It is almost too much - all these full throttle sensations laying siege to my body. I am a moaning, shaking, sweating, mindless puddle and within minutes he pushes me over the edge by removing the nipple sticks. A deafening, screaming orgasm rips from my lungs as I plunge into the extraordinary abyss of pleasure and release into which he has hurled me. Wave after wave of intense, earth shattering pleasure wash over me and I hang there, suspended, for what seems like ages. 

My eyes are shut and I am breathing rapidly. I feel him inch closer to me and he kisses me gently with his full, sensual lips and pulls me tightly against his muscular body as the ripples and waves subside. Round two. It's his turn now.

We doze for a bit and I awaken refreshed yet inexplicably still aroused. He's given me two amazing climaxes but has yet to come himself. Time to fix that. I roll over to gaze at his sleeping form. He is on his back, lips slightly parted, arm thrown back above his head - the picture of artist-revered masculinity. He looks like a Greek god who has fallen asleep on a river bank on his way to complete some heroic deed. I let my eyes take in the perfection of his sensual mouth, the beautifully chiseled lines of his arms and chest, his strong, powerful legs that exhibit an athlete's grace and form. He is something to behold. And he is mine. I feel and know it like it's just something I've always known. It's a certainty that lives deep inside that I never question. When I have this feeling, I just accept it as fact. We are deeply connected, this glorious man and I. Although I've only just met him, the unspoken bond between us is strong. The connection between our bodies electric. It is everything I have hoped for but never found. Until now.

As he slumbers, I begin to stroke the soft hair on his chest, letting my fingers play across the hard planes of his pecs and across his nipples. With the first brush of my fingers, he starts to stir. I realize that he is still asleep but that subconsciously he feels the light touch of my fingers as they float across his hardening nipples. Wow, I marvel...his nipples are as sensitive as mine. What a find! I start to toy with them now in earnest, lightly circling them with my fingers and watching in wonder as they start to respond. Soft moans escape his lips at the touch of my hand on his nipples. I brush across the hardened tips and his eyes snap open and he begins to moan and undulate as my touch becomes bolder. I am concentrating only on his nipples and it is driving him wild. I lean up on one elbow and continue playing with one nipple and then moisten the tip of my finger with my tongue and drag it lazily across his other nipple. His head thrashes to the side and I see him getting lost in the pleasure. It is incredibly arousing to witness how unbelievably much I am turning him on. I can feel it, hear it, taste it.

As I continue to stroke both nipples he whispers, "Oh my god, don't ever stop!" as his cock begins to harden and lengthen.

I gaze down at his growing erection that has been heretofore hidden beneath his towel and see that his cock is quite beautiful - long and thick with a magnificent, well defined crown. As I take in the beauty of his face and body, the size of his cock and the sensitivity of his nipples and combine it with his intelligence, intensity, kinkiness and the depth of our connection, I think to myself that I've hit the fucking lottery. Wow.

His cock is rock hard now and with my continued flicking and stroking of his nipples, his breathing is becoming ragged and his moans more gutteral and urgent. His head is moving side to side, his body is trembling, his cock is raging and a delirious torrent of moans and words pour forth. He turns to me with wide, passion-filled eyes and whispers, "Yours...I'm yours!"

Yes, he is mine now and I can see that my touch is melting his strength and will and that there before me, he is transforming into a human inferno of pure, molten pleasure. It's almost as if his nipples are a secret conduit directly into his soul - and like Arthur of ancient legend who was uniquely able to free the sword from the stone, I am the one woman who has been able to tap into this extraordinary wellspring of obliterating desire and transformative, all consuming passion. I feel beyond blessed to have this honor and feel myself begin to crave his orgasms as much as I crave my own and a budding desire to endlessly worship his body takes hold. I can see that he is incredibly close now, although I have yet to touch his cock. My lavish attention to his nipples has been enough to get him to this point and I want to take him further. 

I bend my head down to gently lick and suck his nipple and I lightly stroke the shaft of his cock with my hand. I revel in the feeling of his thick cock growing ever harder and his endless moans at the feeling of my lips and tongue on his sensitive nipples.

I am loving how this handsome, masculine man is responding to my touch and feel myself growing wet and ultra turned on by the uninhibited response of his body. While I can clearly see that he has been transported to another plane of ecstasy, I too, am transported to a remarkable place of power and giving. Seeing him writhe and moan at my touch is the headiest, most exquisite feeling in the world and I am suddenly addicted. Addicted to his body, the taste of his skin, the feel of his nipples between my lips, the sound of his pleasure - everything. I just want to give him more and more pleasure, more and more of myself, and at the same time, to take everything from him. It is surreal.

After a very few minutes of gentle licking, sucking and stroking, I feel him go rigid. He arches his back and lets loose a hoarse cry as he shoots his hot, pulsating load high into the air and onto the pillows above our heads. His wrenching, shuddering orgasm seems to go on and on as I continue lightly stroking his nipple and shaft. Finally, he is spent and clasps me tightly to him as his breathing slows and his body begins to relax. As we drift off to sleep, he whispers that I touch him exactly the way he wants to be touched and that this was one of the most intense orgasms of his life. Warm, smiling and sated, we entwine our limbs like charmed snakes and surrender gratefully to the arms of Morpheus.

TO BE CONTINUED...