 All characters involved in this story are of at least 18 years of age. All characters involved in this story are original creations of the author. Any resemblance to any real person, place, or event is purely coincidental. Please do not post anywhere else without author permission. Thank you! 

***** 

I won't lie, I had reservations about the plan. To seduce not a woman's libido, but her heart - all so I could break it? Objectively, this was cruel. Yet, the girls had been successful in their quest so far to corrupt me. A year ago, I wouldn't have even imagined anyone doing this, for any reason, let alone to become some kind of sex demon. Yet, I was committed to going through with it. Ms. Sabrina Hewett was a beautiful, sweet, funny woman - all qualities that made me fall for her so hard in the first place, all qualities that caused me to do something stupid like sacrifice my career for her. It was for those reasons that I wondered if she deserved this kind of treatment, but also was confident she would bounce back. 

Sabrina was the very definition of a catch. Educated, beautiful, young, vibrant, spirited, funny, employed, determined and caring. In truth, I had more doubt that I would even be able to get her to fall for me than I did if I could go through with the final step of breaking her heart. Still, assuming it would all go according to plan, that I would be able to get her to fall in love with me, I was confident she would bounce back. After all, she was a catch. Sure she would hurt, that was the idea, but she would heal. She was young, she had plenty of time to recover and find love again. 

But I'm lying. Well, I am and I'm not. These were all doubts I had going on in my head, but they were not as prevalent in my head as they may sound. In truth, I knew I was going to go through with the plan. Even when those pesky doubts sprang up, I didn't need an orgy to convince me what I was doing was something that I wanted. It took only a matter of seconds to convince myself that this is what I wanted, and if it meant hurting some poor girl's heart to gain the kind of life and power they had promised me, well, I was willing to sacrifice Ms. Hewett's love to do it.

Nevertheless, as confident as I was with my decision to go through with the plan, I wasn't as confident that I could pull it off. This was Ms. Hewett we were talking about. By far the most beautiful teacher in the school. Even though she had an illicit relationship with only one of her students, many more would have killed to be in his shoes. Yet, she didn't compare to Vivika, Nessa, Val or Ms. Cross. How could she? She was pretty, certainly, and when she wasn't covered in paint or her hair wasn't all askew from the stress of the job, she was downright beautiful. The V-girls and Ms. Cross, however, were on another level. Still, it wasn't as if I had seduced them. Sure they had chosen me, but it wasn't solely because they found me attractive. So my confidence in my wooing abilities hadn't risen much.

I asked Vivika if there was some spell she could do to just make Sabrina fall in love with me. 

"Magic can do many things, but it cannot force someone to do anything," she explained. "In most cases we can stack the deck, so to speak, but not in this case. There has to be no doubt that she fell in love with you, because of you, and only you, for this ritual to work. You wouldn't exactly be giving up true love if she only fell in love with you because we made her constantly horny or put a glamour on you to make you look like her greatest fantasy."

So I was on my own, or least I had no magic on my side. I had to use the incentive of having my own harem and otherworldly powers to boost my confidence enough to even ask Sabrina out. Thankfully, those are powerful incentives, and after some mumbling and fumbling that would make Hugh Grant groan, I managed to ask her out. To my surprise, she said yes! Actually, she leaped at the opportunity to go out with me. I had overestimated just how difficult it would be to get her to fall for me. I just had to make sure I lived up to her idea of a perfect man, or at least a man she could see herself marrying.

That was another specific of the plan. It wasn't as if I could just get her to say "I love you" and then run. I had to convince her to spend the rest of her life with me. To devote herself to me and me alone for the rest of our lives. The plan was to date her for a bit, get her to fall for me, and then ask her to marry me. Assuming she said yes, we would actually go through with it, actually get married. Then, on our wedding night, I was to break her heart. That was when her heart would be most full of love, and thus be all the more potent for the spell the girls wanted to cast, according to Ms. Cross. I asked the girls what would happen if I couldn't get her to fall in love with me, but they said they had absolute confidence that I could. I asked the girls what would happen if I couldn't get her to marry me, and they said they would use "Plan B." They wouldn't say what it was, which probably meant I didn't want to know. So, even for Ms. Hewett's sake, I would have to convince her to marry me and then leave her on our wedding night.

