 When I was in college, I was lucky enough to go to school in Colorado. In addition to the great weather, the great scenery, and the skiing, I was close to my extended family, and got to experience one of the most amazing sexual adventures of my life! What follows is the true story of that adventure. I have always believed that what happens to us in reality is much more exciting than our fantasies. It just so happens that this story is both -- a fantasy that became reality. I hope you enjoy. I welcome your comments.



As a college student, there were plenty of great things about Colorado. I enjoyed many weekends on the slopes. I saw a lot of great football games – both professional and collegiate. The weather was always amazing. And of course – the girls were amazing. Everything about Colorado was so amazing, that I was always trying to convince my friends from Oklahoma to visit.

In the fall of my junior year, I managed to convince one of my best friends from Oklahoma, Bryan, and his girlfriend, Cassie, to visit for a weekend. Unfortunately, at that time I lived in a fraternity house. Bringing my Oklahoma friends to stay in a rowdy fraternity house was not ideal. However, I didn't have the money to afford a hotel, either, which left me in a bit of a quandary. Luckily for me, my grandparents had decided to spend that particular weekend in California, visiting some of my cousins, and they offered their house to me, and my friends, for the weekend.

Bryan and Cassie arrived on Friday evening. The three of us went out to dinner, enjoyed a few too many drinks, a lot of laughs, and told all kinds of stories about everything from the time Bryan got locked in a bar bathroom to the time Cassie had to sneak into the men's restroom at a football game. It was great to see them and enjoy their company. We caught up on everything that had happened in our lives – the girls I'd dated, classes, skiing, etc. 

Bryan and I had been great friends throughout high school and our early years of college. He was a year older than me, but had taken a break from college to enlist in the Air Force. Now returned to college, he was a success in his college's Air Force ROTC program. He was looking forward to a career flying jets. Bryan was quite the hound. He was the one of us who always managed to find a girl. If Bryan and I went out to a bar together, Bryan was the one who went home with a girl. I was a bit more of the shy type. 

Cassie and Bryan had dated for a few years by the time they came to visit me in Colorado. She was short and had amazing curves. Nice tits, a narrow waist, and sexy hips. She was a brunette with naturally curly hair that hung just past her shoulders. She had amazing expressive brown eyes. Over the years, she had enjoyed flirting with me, and I always felt there was a little bit of sexual chemistry between us. The way she looked at me when she talked with those "fuck me" eyes. She'd occasionally put her hand on my leg when we'd been at dinner together, and at one Christmas party gave me an amazing kiss under the mistletoe – with tongue even! - that I'd never forgotten. 

After dinner, drinks, and the day's drive from Oklahoma to Colorado - Bryan and Cassie were exhausted. Upon returning to my grandparent's house, they retired for the night while I did some homework before watching the late night news. I had changed into my "pajamas" (aka a pair of boxer briefs) before the news, and was startled up off the couch by a noise – followed by an "Ow!" - from the kitchen. As I walked around and came through the kitchen door, I came up behind Cassie, who was wearing nothing but Bryan's white t-shirt. She was bouncing on one leg, rubbing her foot. With all her bouncing, the t-shirt had ridden up and I had a very nice view off the backs of her thighs and her ass. It didn't appear that she was wearing any panties. The view was enough to make my mind immediately wander – and my cock twitch.

As I watched for a moment – she started to teeter to the side and I was afraid she would fall. I quickly moved behind her, and put my hands on her hips to stabilize her. This clearly caught her off guard, and she quickly spun around so that we were face to face.

"Are you ok?" I quickly asked, trying to defuse her sudden apprehension.

"Oh, it's you. I stubbed my toe on the kitchen table." She said, as she pointed to the table. 

"Who else would it be?" I responded. "I thought you and Bryan had gone to bed?"

"Bryan is sound asleep already. I wanted a drink of water. Do you know where the glasses are?" She was still only a few inches away. She reached across me, rubbing against me, and turned on the kitchen lights. She then turned and started opening the kitchen cabinet doors. She stood on her tiptoes to peer up onto the shelves as she looked for a glass. Of course, I knew exactly where the glasses were – but I was enjoying the view of her sexy ass every time she rose up on her tip-toes too much to immediately tell her. I feigned ignorance and continued to watch her. Eventually she found the glasses and made her way to the refrigerator.

My grandparents had a lot of nice things – but a nice refrigerator wasn't one of them. Luckily – their refrigerator did have an automatic ice maker. As she opened the door and reached inside to grab a handful of ice, the light from the refrigerator freezer shone through her t-shirt, giving me an amazing view of the side of her breasts – which I estimated were a "C" cup. She filled her glass with ice, then shut the freezer door and turned to the sink, and filled her glass with water. The cool of the freezer had been enough to make her nipples hard, and they prominently poked through the t-shirt. The view was enough to make my cock twitch even more.

We stood on opposite sides of the kitchen – me with a semi hard cock, wearing nothing but a pair of boxer briefs – and her wearing nothing but a white t-shirt, with her amazing nipples poking right through it. We chit chatted for a few moments as she drank a few drinks from her water. She looked absolutely delicious and I wanted to pour the water all over her amazing tits. I quickly realized that I was giving her much more of a show than I had intended to, and my imagination wasn't helping me.

"Well, I had better get on to bed." She finally announced, as she refilled her glass and turned to walk out of the kitchen. As she reached the kitchen doorway she turned slightly, looked back over her shoulder – her eyes focused directly on the bulge in my shorts – and said, "I hope you don't stay up all night." She had that "fuck me" look in her eyes as she said it. She quickly turned and disappeared down the steps into the basement.

Another great thing about Colorado – every house has a basement. My grandparent's house was no different. Fully furnished. Bedroom, bathroom, it was like it's own little hotel room, perfect for company. It was also like a perfect auditorium – every sound came straight up the stairs. So it really wasn't a surprise the next morning when I made my way into the kitchen to make a cup of coffee, I could hear whimpers and moans coming up the basement stairs. I quickly made my way to the top of the stairs and listened.

The whimpers and moans became louder and louder, with a few muffled screams mixed in. Cassie was loud – and I was loving every sound! She was also a talker. Before long her whimpers and moans started to include "Fuck me" and "Oh God" and "harder." I wanted to hear every sound. My cock was already straining against my shorts – but I wanted to hear more. I listened for a few more moments before deciding to see if I could get a closer look, and started down the stairs. The stairs creaked as I started down – but the moans and whimpers of their sex covered any sounds. 

As I reached halfway down the stairs I could hear the slapping sounds of bodies colliding from the sex. Cassie was moaning loudly – and so was Bryan. It was amazing to hear them. I leaned against the wall of the stairs, rubbing my cock through my shorts. As I listened to them fucking, I had to know more. I had to see them. I took the last few stairs two at a time, and there they were – right in front of my eyes, fucking like crazy. 

Cassie was atop Bryan, her amazing tits bouncing up and down as she moved her hips and impaled herself over and over again on him. Her sexy curly hair was hanging down over her face. His hands were on her hips, guiding her up and down as she rose and fell onto his cock. Occasionally she threw her head back, arching her back as she ground her hips against his. She leaned over and pushed her tits into his face, and he hungrily sucked her nipples while she worked her hips on his dick. It was porn – ten feet away from me. 

His hands found their way to her tits and kneaded them, squeezed them, pinched them, and plucked her nipples. She moaned and groaned with every squeeze. She sucked on her own fingers as he worked her tits, and she worked her pussy on his cock. It was too dark to see much more – and I was dying to see more. I wanted them to move. I wanted to see every inch of her. I wanted to see her pussy. I wanted to see her ass. I wanted to run in and join them. 

After what wasn't nearly long enough, Bryan stiffened and clenched and pulled her tight against him, and I knew he had to be cumming. She moaned and cooed as he pumped his cum into her pussy. They held each other close as he flexed and she wiggled to work every drop out of him. My cock was throbbing. I wanted to keep stroking it but I was afraid that they would hear. I moved back to the stairs and started back up. I had made it about three steps before the creaking began, and I had to walk slow and carefully to keep the quiet.

Upon reaching the top of the stairs I quickly made my way into the kitchen. I pushed my boxer shorts down to my knees and freed my aching cock. I wrapped my hand around my shaft and slowly stroked it as I leaned my head back, thinking about what I had just seen. The images flooded my head. Her sexy curly hair hanging down. Her tits, full and heaving with his hands upon them. Her hips, moving up and down on him. ...

"I thought I heard someone coming down the stairs." Her words made me jump. I probably looked like I had just seen a ghost. Caught red handed! How long had I been stroking? It seemed like seconds.

"Ummm" was all I could respond.

She was naked. Standing at the doorway with her empty water glass. With the sunlight streaming through the window I could see the glisten of sexy sweat on her chest, stomach and shoulders. She walked across the kitchen to me. She put her glass down on the counter and raised up to kiss me. It was a soft kiss. Her hand moving to my stomach. Then a second kiss, more passionate – her tongue flicking across my bottom lip as her hand made its way to my cock. As her fingers wrapped around my throbbing dick our mouths opened and our tongues wrapped around one another. My hands found her breasts and I took them in my hands as she moved her mouth from my lips to my neck, kissing and sucking while stroking my hard cock.

"Bryan?" I questioned.

"Shhhhh." She responded. She dropped down onto her knees, my cock still in her hand. She looked up at me, and softly said "He's asleep." 

Then she slipped the head of my cock into her mouth, her eyes locked on mine as she did so. I let my boxer briefs slips down my legs, spread my legs apart, and groaned softly. I couldn't believe this was happening. Her mouth moved slowly around the head of my cock, her tongue rolling the underside, while she slowly pumped the base of my cock with her hand. I brushed her hair back behind her ear, watching as she slowly bobbed her mouth up and down on my cock. Occasionally she pushed her head down, taking as much of me as she could inside her mouth and throat. 

She pulled off my cock with her mouth, her hand still stroking me lightly. "Is this what had you up last night?" She said with a smirk.

I smiled and breathed a laugh. "This is one of the many things I was thinking about last night," I responded.

"Did you want to fuck me?" She asked, and returned the head of my cock to her mouth. Her point-blank attitude was incredibly sexy. 

I nodded.

"Well what are you waiting for?" She asked, as she stood up and kissed me again, her nipples pressed against my chest as she did.

I kissed her hard, and hungrily, my hands returning to massage her tits, while she stroked my wet cock. I spun her around and grabbed her hips, then kissed her neck and I pulled her back against me.

"Oooh," she cooed, as I pushed her down onto her hands and knees on the floor. I climbed down between her legs and took my hard cock in my hand. With my other hand I grabbed her hip. I moved until the head of my cock was pressed against her sex. I rubbed my throbbing head up and down over her slit. She was sopping wet – and as I started to slip the head into her – reality came back to me and I realized this was the 2nd cock in her pussy in the past 15 minutes. I pulled her back against me – pushing every inch of my cock into her used pussy with one thrust.

"Mmmm, yes, fuck me." She said to me as she looked over her shoulder. I slowly pulled back - I was hesitant to pull out of her at all – but at the same time I was worried about waking my friend. I pushed back in, slowly again. It was torture. I wanted to pound her. I wanted to fill her up with cum (again!). She leaned down so her head was resting on her folded arms on the floor, her sexy ass high in the air with her back arched, exposed and ready for my cock. 

With my hands gripping her hips hard I pushed forward, filling her again with my cock. I could hear her used pussy slurp as I slid into her again. I pushed her hips forward, off my cock. From my vantage point the view was amazing. Her juices and Bryan's cum coated my cock as I slid in and out. Her ass and back were slightly wet and glistening. I wondered how sexy she would look if I had the chance to fuck her all day long. 

"God, your cock feels so good." She breathed.

"Mmmm, and if I had only known your pussy felt this good, I would have tried to fuck it a long time ago!" I moaned back, as I pushed her hips back and forth over my cock, moving my hips to match; biting my lip and grunting as I fucked her.

I wanted to see her. I wanted to see her face when I came in her. I wanted to see her tits bounce when I fucked her. I pulled out of her and rolled her over onto her back, and looked down to see every inch of her. With the sunlight streaming through the kitchen windows she looked heavenly. Her curly hair spread out all across the floor. Her tits, with her perfect hard nipples, looked amazing. She had shaved all but a strip of her pubic hair – which was pretty wild for a guy to see in the early 1990's. I could have shot my load just seeing her.

I guided my cock back into her and pumped my meat in and out of her. Our eyes locked together as I slid my cock in and out over and over again. I knew I wouldn't last long. Her breathing was in quick hard breaths which matched every motion of my cock inside her.

"I'm going to cum." She told me.

"I'm going to cum." I told her in between breaths and strokes.

"God, yes. Cum in me." She panted, her hands on my hips, pulling me into her with each thrust. Her head and sexy hair thrashed back and forth with each final thrust. 

The thought of giving her another load of cum flooded my mind and it was there, my balls spewing every drop deep inside her. She arched her back and dug her nails into my hips. As I looked down and saw her eyes rolling back I knew she was cumming too.  

I could feel sweat on my brow as my cock finished spurting the last of my load inside her. Her tits and chest were slick and sweaty. She looked even hotter than before. I bent over and kissed her mouth, hard and passionately, still grinding my cock into her as we both enjoyed the after effects of our cum. After a few moments I moved off her and knelt beside her; she raised herself up to her elbows. We kissed again. Before long she stood up, refilled her glass of water, and kissed me one last time before she turned to go back downstairs.

We didn't ever say anything about what happened. Bryan and Cassie got married a few years later. They are very happy together, and I am very happy for them. To this day she remains someone I fantasize about. I wonder sometimes, if she ever fantasizes about me.