 I am standing behind you and squeezing your sides right below your underarms, the warmth of my hands soothing you. I slide my hands around and gently massage the tops of your breasts while pulling your body into mine. I pull my hands back a little and run them down around the outsides and underneath until my fingers meet at the bottom of your cleavage. The friction created by my strong hands and fingers spreads warmth as they glide across your soft skin. I keep this motion up for awhile to allow the breasts time to awaken and become aroused. My hands form a cup that curls around each breast and I gently squeeze as you lay your head back on my shoulder. My tongue tastes your soft neck as my thumbs and fingers gently massage the beautiful globes I am staring down at. 

While massaging each of your perfect breasts I make sure to never touch your slowly growing nipples or reddening areolas. I whisper in your ear how nice your beautiful breasts look and how sensual your nipples will feel on my tongue. You grab my hands and try to move them to your erect nipples, but my strong arms resist. The sensation you feel in your breasts is slowly spreading and you moan slightly. I squeeze harder and move my hands inward toward your pink centers applying gentle pressure the whole way while nibbling on the base of your neck and licking up to your ear. But I stop short, and repeat this tease several times as the anticipation of having your nipples teased intensifies. The arousal running through your system of nerves is strong and spreads quickly. Your pussy is now coming alive and your sweet juices begin to flow. 

I start licking at the base of your neck and down around under your arm to the front. You sit down and I position myself on my knees in front of you so your breasts are level with my eyes. I cup your breast so my thumbs are touching in your cleavage and squeeze gently at first, then harder as you tilt your head back and moan. I pull your perfect breasts apart and lick from your sternum to the bottom of your chin with a slow, deliberate lick. I do this several times while kneading your breasts with my hands. You moan my name loudly and instinctively reach up to tease your aching nipples, but again I thwart your attempt. I tell you how good your breasts look to me and you plead with me to pleasure them. Has the time to taste your nipples arrived? 

I squeeze your tits together, mmmmmmmmmm they look so good, and you lean back on your hands. Keeping them firmly together I lift up on them exposing the fleshy underbelly, white and inviting me. I start at the base of your right one and lick upwards towards the hard nipple, the nerves of the underside of your breast alive and glowing. This slow, deliberate lick stops short of the areola, and licks gently around the circle and back down again. I repeat this action on your left breast and this time my nose gently brushes your erect nipple sending a shiver up your spine. You call out my name and again plead with me for satisfaction. I look into your gorgeous eyes and know I cannot wait any longer. So I take the tip of my tongue and run circles around your pink areolas, breathing in your sweet scent. My hands still hold your breasts together as I keep circling your now flushed areolas. Has the time come? 

I press both nipples together, when they touch you moan in ecstasy, and I rub them on each other. I run my tongue over both, they feel warm and hard on my tongue. I put my lips around the right one and form suction with my mouth as my tongue circles and flicks your hard nipple. You squirm and moan and reach down to feel the juice dripping from your pussy. I tease the left one the same way and delight in the pleasure I am bringing you. While I suck the left one I roll the right one between my thumb and forefinger, and then pinch it gently. Then I switch and gently bite down on the nipple, nibbling as you squirm. You open your legs and press yourself closer to me as my excitement rubs against the soft silk of your panties. 

You cry out that you want me as you grind yourself against me. I tell you will have me when the time is right. I still have some more tasting to do. 

Your sweet, wet pussy is dripping after I am done pleasuring your sensitive round globes. You're hoping I have plans to attend to it next as I look up into your sexy eyes and tell you how good the scent of your wetness is. I kiss my way down your stomach toward your hair line, licking softly as I go. You lie back and get comfortable as I explore your hips and thighs with my tongue. 

I run my fingers from your toes all the way up your legs and around your hips finally coming around the soft flesh of your ass cheeks and under your thighs. My strong hands gently lift your silky thighs as my hands slide up your hamstrings and anchor themselves in the bend at the back of your knees. My hands part your legs and expose your wet sensual lips as I lick down each thigh and nibble on your soft ass cheeks. I lean your thighs back and push them open wide, revealing the soft pink center I am hungry for. I lick around the edges first, teasingly avoiding your lips and clit. I take in the scent as your juices flow and your exposed clit swells. I run my tongue around your puckered asshole in a circle and tease the sensitive area between your ass and pussy. It is then that I get my first taste of your sweet juice as it runs down freely. 

You moan softly and beg me to lick your lips, but I am enjoying the tease to much. I have you hold your legs back and use my hands to spread your pussy wide, your lips pull apart and reveal your silky walls. The cold air hits your inner skin and you moan excitedly as a shudder runs up your spine. 

Suddenly you feel a rush of warmth as the slightly rough exterior of my tongue licks from your puckered ass all the way up past your swollen clit. You instinctively clench your ass as it passes over and delight in the sensation the rough surface creates on the smooth skin between your ass and pussy. When my tongue parts those sweet lips you clench your thighs and pull back hard on them. I purposely glide it across so it teases your silky walls and doesn't delve to deep, yet. My tongue slides across your swollen clit slowly, causing you to jerk involuntarily as a loud moan escapes your lips. 

I stop to lick my lips and tell you how good you taste as you beg me to continue. I keep licking you like this, each time my tongue delving deeper inside your pussy and teasing your clit a little longer. You beg me to fuck your pussy with my tongue and I keep enjoying the tease and the taste. 

Your pleas for satisfaction are growing as intense as the burn in your wet pussy as I tell you to stand up. Confused, you stand up as I lie down; a smile breaks out on your face as you realize my intentions. You know I love to stare at your ass so you stand above me looking towards the bulge in my shorts and lick your sensuous lips. You slowly squat down so your wet, aching pussy is inches above my face. You reach down between your legs and spread your glistening lips as I breathe in the scent that drives me mad. I grab your hips and pull my head up and give you a lick from your clit to your ass. Your hands brace themselves on my body as your nails dig into my skin. I move your hips on a rocking motion as my tongue keeps licking back and forth. You catch on and start moving yourself hard and deliberate across my tongue as you begin to feel yourself let go. 

My tongue parts your lips deep and you change the motion to rocking up and down. I hold my tongue out as far as possible as it delves deeper into your silky walls. You reach up and grab your breasts and pinch your hard nipples, moaning more constantly. You reach forward and rub my hard cock through my shorts feeling the impending orgasm grow. You lean forward and rest your head on my thigh, slowly freeing me from my shorts. 

I arch my head up into your sex and keep tongue fucking you, spreading your ass cheeks with my hands. You look at my cock and begin stroking it slowly from the tip all the way down to the balls. You pick yourself up and hold it at the base and kiss the head, tasting the pre cum pooled at the tip, then slide it slowly between your soft lips. You slowly take my whole cock deep into your mouth until your nose is pressed firmly into my balls. 

I sense the first wave of orgasm is close so pull my tongue out and look at your swollen clit. My lips form suction around your clit and I suck in hard, flicking it like mad with my tongue. You pull my cock from your mouth and moan out loud as the first wave hits and your body spasms and twitches. The wave radiates outward and you feel momentarily lost in pleasure. You take my cock in your mouth again and suck up and down with a ravenous pace, feeling the head hitting the back of your throat. 

Then the second wave hits, this time harder, and your moans are stifled as you keep returning the pleasure. My mouth stays locked on your clit for three more waves as you spasm and twitch, feeling delirious with pleasure. Then you go limp as I feel your full weight on me, only your head moving up and down on my swollen cock. The presence of my rigid cock in your mouth starts bringing your body to life again. Your tongue skillfully swirls around the shaft and head as I lay there fully enjoying the moment. You raise your head and look into my eyes with a glazed over look, telling me you need me inside you. 

"How do you want it?" I ask. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmmm, I want you to fuck me from behind baby, and then I want to lick your hot cum off my tits," you coo. 

Inside I am already visualizing those beautiful tits covered in my cum, but I ask you if you think you have earned it. "Please baby," you beg me, "I need that cock in me." 

I resist the urge to tease you more and nod in agreement. You jump up and walk over to the dining room table and bend over it grabbing both sides to brace yourself. 

I stand behind you and rub your wet pussy in a circular motion, feeling the slippery wetness. I take in the sight, scent, and feel, my senses coming alive and put my swollen cock between the valley formed by your ass cheeks. I begin rocking my hips back and fourth, my cock and balls creating a sensual friction as it slides over your sensitive areas. 

"Oh baby I need it!" you beg. 

I smile at the need I am creating in you. I grab my cock and rub the tip hard across your ass, swollen lips, and clit. You moan loudly and grip the edges of the table hard as you try to rock back against me, forcing the moment. I keep up the tease for a few long minutes as I see that my cock is glistening with your sweet juices. 

"Oh baby, give it to me pleaseeee!" you beg, as your fingers and knuckles are white with the pressure of your grip. 

I use my feet to spread your legs wider and on my downward teasing stroke I watch as the head of my cock parts your silky lips. You moan softly as you prepare to receive me and I slide my swollen cock in slowly, deliberately all the way until my hips are pressed into you hard and my balls are resting against your clit. 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm baby, fuck me hard!" you beg. 

But I hold my hips against you hard for a minute while flexing my muscle, causing my cock to twitch inside you. I release my hold and slide my cock all the way out, my shaft and head glistening and plunge in again slowly until my twitching motion causes you to twitch. I tease you like this relentlessly as you squirm and twitch under me. You begin screaming you are going to cum as I feel your canal squeeze my cock hard and I see your back arch and your knuckles become whiter. 

I delight in the feel of you clamping hard on my cock and the site of you squirming with pleasure. "Oh god baby!!" you scream out as the waves of orgasm jolt you with mind blowing pleasure. 

I keep pleasuring you with the same action, slowly sliding in, holding, twitching, and pulling all the way out. With each new action you experience another wave that floods your body with pleasure until you seem to go limp, your head dropping to the table and your grip loosening. I know now is the time and I pull slowly out of you and grab your hips hard. I enter you with force as your head jerks up and you resume your white knuckle grip. But this time I keep the motion going, rocking my hips into you hard with each thrust. You begin rocking back into me, meeting each one of my forceful strokes, feeling my swollen cock fill you with pure pleasure. The motion builds up and you hear the slap of my balls on your swollen clit and feel the strong grip of my fingers holding on to your fleshy hips. 

"You want to cum again baby?" I ask you as sweat glistens on our bodies. 

"Oh baby, god yes, make me cum again, fuck me harder!!" 

I oblige your request and begin furiously ramming my cock into your aching pussy. The thunderous clap of my hips slamming into you echoes off the wall and you feel the process begin again. You go rigid and just mumble incoherently for minutes on end as I keep up my relentless pace. The waves of pleasure take you over and you drift off to another world. Your body slumps down, you are spent, and I begin sliding it in slower now. 

"Oh baby I need your cum now," you mumble and I smile as I slide my cock free. 

You turn to face me and get on your knees so your face is level with my cock. I stand there slowly stroking it inches from your face as you lick your soft lips. You grab my cock and lift it and lick from my balls to the tip, tasting your sweet juices, smelling our mixed scents. You swirl your tongue around the head and slowly engulf my cock and feel my head hit the back of your throat. You begin massaging my swollen balls while my cock slides in and out of your warm mouth. My balls begin to burn and tighten up as you look up into my eyes as I start moaning. 

You remove me from your mouth and slowly stroke my saliva soaked shaft while rubbing my tight balls. "Please baby, spray me with your cum," you beg and I grab my cock and begin to stroke it. 

You grab your luscious tits and squeeze them together, bringing the nipples up to your mouth, licking and biting each one. This is too much for me and I begin stroking harder. I feel the burn deep in my balls, it radiates outward and I go rigid as the first wave begins traveling up my shaft. You hold your nipples right by your mouth and create an erotic target for me. The first shot causes me to jerk wildly and splatters your chin with hot globs and drips onto your waiting globes. The second shot sprays across both tits and warms your soft flesh. The next shot hits your waiting tongue and you get your first taste. 

You are shocked that I keep going, coating each swollen nipple with hot, sticky fluid. When I am finally done and slumped over you look up into my eyes, cum hanging off your chin and dripping to your tits. You begin rubbing it all over your globes and licking each one in turn, 

"Mmmmmmmmmmmmm baby, you taste so good," you tell me.