 In 2008 my aunt Nisa asked for help with the bakery she owned in Germany. For many years she worked hard and needed a few more years to retire.

Despite being a fresh and beautiful 19-year-old girl, I knew the job. It helped that I grew up in my parent's bakery.

I volunteered to help her. The money she would pay me was a great appeal and I hoped to be in her good side when it came to inheritance since she didn't have any kids.

For the first three months, I was working dusk to dawn and we got the bakery in great shape. I was really motivated and even worked in the front helping her with the sales even though I didn't speak the language. The business picked up to the point she could afford one more worker and my aunt attributed this uplift in my involvement and spoke to my parents with the best words.

She also urged me to go out and have fun.

"Asya, you should enjoy yourself. That's how I met my late husband, not working all day and staying home," she said.

Nisa was a progressive woman. In her sixties, she had a boyfriend and encouraged me to get one.

I preferred to play it safe. As progressive she might seem she was in the phone with my mom every day. So I spend most of my free time at home.

Not to get bored, Nisa gave me her old laptop and taught me to use it for downloading movies and browsing the web. She also introduced me to her favorites chat rooms. Warning me that I might find them too spicy for my taste.

Initially, I went to Turkish rooms and I was shocked with the profanities that were written without any concerns. Behind the anonymity of a nickname, people would contact me with the raciest words.

The anonymity bubble quickly burst. In one of my first chats, I found a guy who knew me from back home. He described seeing me in my parent's bakery. My T-shirts that hugged my perky breasts and leggings that did the same to my tight butt. He said that I was the reason our bakery in Turkey was doing so well, all the men came to check me out. He knew my older brother and sister. To say the least, I was happy I refused his proposals for sex chat from the beginning.

To insulate me from people that knew me from Turkey I visited some of my aunt's favorite German chat rooms. Maybe because of the bad reputation Turkish migrants have, I feared that German people would be mean to me. But my fears were unfounded.

A lot of people asked me to open my camera but it didn't work on my computer. Until a guy with the nickname (Hessian69) offered to help me fix it. He guided me and after a final restart, he asked me to open it.

In the dark room, the screen was lighting my face when I enabled the camera.

"Wow, you are pretty!" Hessian69 wrote in the text chat and I saw myself in the top window smiling with the compliment.

"Can you see me? I can't see you," I wrote.

"In few seconds," he said and I got up to lock the door of my room. I had a lot of guys asking me if I wanted to see them naked or stroking their cocks so I couldn't rule out that I would see my chat partner in his birthday suit.

He didn't strike me like that kind of person. During our hour-long collaboration, I learned that he was 24, single and a junior military officer.

When I return in front of my laptop Hessian had opened his camera. His short blond hair had a blueish white tone in the small window below mine. I had pictured him with brown or black hair like the men I usually fantasized. He was a nice surprise, a taste of the exotic. Clean shaved, with a big flat chest under this t-shirt, wide shoulders and muscular forearms giving away a slim and toned athletic body.

"Nice!" I typed while my cheeks began to burn and wondering if my eyes gave away my excitement.

"Hi Asya!" he wrote and we chatted for hours before exchanging emails.

We became friends and If he was online or he had sent me an email my heart beat faster and I rushed to reply.

He was also really cute and became an erotic fantasy of mine. After disconnecting from our chats I would lay back and caress my hot body. And that without having done a proper sex chat with him.

Things got real when he saw me in a tight t-shirt that was stack on my firm breasts. He spontaneously said something in German and I asked him what it was.

He paused, measuring his words and then said that he was attracted to me. It was nice hearing that.

"How tall are you Hessian?" I asked. Something that I always wanted to know but never found the right time to ask.

"181 cm tall, 19 cm across," he wrote with a winking devil face.

"For real?" I wrote.

He got up and the camera image moved from his manly edgy face to the middle of his body.

A black shirt covered his belly. Further down the outline of his cock, traced under his blue jeans.

He slowly unbuckles and unbuttons his trousers, pushing them down with his boxer shorts until he revealed his hard cock.

It wasn't 19 cm but it was a nice hard penis that went well with his tight belly and muscular legs. My pussy pulsated and my mind begged for a hard fuck.

"Your turn," Hessian said and got me moving.

I got up on my knees on the bed that I previously sat crossed legged. High enough to place my belly and front thighs in the center of the image. I pushed my tracksuit down and then my panties giving him a glimpse of my wet cunt.

He stroked his throbbing penis a few times before lean forward.

"I want to stick my cock in your pussy and fuck till you cum..." he wrote and just the image of that made me bite my lips.

I couldn't help it, I caressed my hairy mount and slipped in a finger.

"I want the same..." I typed back.

He was jerking off his swollen member as I shamelessly fucked my pussy to the point of orgasm. He followed suit stroking until fast streams of cum ejected from his cock head.

In our next sessions, the idea of meeting grew.

He was living in a huge military base five hours away from me by train. His schedule was a mess and I worked from six in the morning to six in the afternoon for 6 days a week.

It was the end of November. When Hessian, after a hot web sex session decided to drive down to me.

I agreed and the date was at a club opening in my town on the upcoming Saturday night.

That day I walked around with a combination of butterflies in my stomach and flashes of sexual excitement in my body. I booked a hotel room so I can change into my floral burgundy backless mini dress without my Aunt seeing me living the house wearing it. Then I took a taxi to the club in the outskirts of town.

The dress was not that provocative as I felt so dirty wearing it. It was my thoughts that were filthy. I knew I was going to have sex that night. I wanted it so much.

It was three years since a tourist took my virginity in his bungalow in South Turkey. It was perfect but also filled with anxiety. Will my parents caught me, will his wife found out. As a single woman I wanted to feel a man inside me again without others in my mind.

There was a line outside the club and I was afraid I wouldn't get in. A gaze from a tall beautiful woman and a node from her to the bouncer approved my appearance and allowed me entrance.

Inside a young beautiful crowd was socializing, drinking and dancing.

I sat on the bar and waited for Hessian with a beating heart and an already moist pussy.

"Is this seat taken?" The male voice made me turn my head and I was caught into Hessian's blue eyes.

"No, I was waiting for you," I said, hugged him and invited him to sit next to me.

We started talking and he was interesting and seductive. More than I ever imagined. His presence had mesmerized me and he knew it from the deviant smile he gave me. We were coming closer and the situation became more erotic, me being as much to blame as him. I pushed my butt back at the edge of the sit and my chest out to and it didn't take long for his gaze to stare down my back at my ass.

I was very relaxed in front of him and I accepted his proposal to go to the second floor where it was more private. Other couples were making out in the dark.

We, French, kissed with our tongues exploring wildly. His hands left my waist and explored my ass and my boobs and went under my skirt and underwear rubbing my wet pussy.

Kissing and hugging we moved to the unisex bathrooms and locked ourselves in a stall. We couldn't keep our mouths separate and our hands off each other. He raised my dress and stroked my butt before he lowered my red g-string, splitting my butt cheeks. His fingers on my wet pussy almost made me cum. I frantically unbuttoned his blue jeans and took his thick cock out. It was growing bigger in front of my eyes as he slipped a condom on. I turned around to take off my dress and underwear and I hang them on the door. When I turned around again to face him he was staring me with his mouth open. In my fantasies when I was having sex I was always naked, so my brain forced me to do what it already knew. For him though my behavior was deliberate. The site of my completely naked body, in front of him, inside a club, made him crazy. He started kissing, licking and biting me from my neck down to my boobs and all the way to my pussy. I turned around allowing him my back and leaned against the wall. We connected and as his dick pummeled my pussy I was moaning loudly. I never imagined the dirty ecstasy of having sex, in a bathroom of a club with a man a barely knew.

My moaning and us using the bathroom for so long had some people complaining and we got interrupted before any of us had a chance to cum.

We went outside the club and told him that I had a hotel room for the night.

"I can't stay, I have to be in the base by morning. But I can drive you to the hotel" he said looking at his watch.

"I understand," I said and waited for him to bring his car out of the half-empty parking lot. Before that night, I would laugh at girls that walked around in the winter wearing next to nothing. Now it was me that was standing in the cold wearing a summer dress. In the quiet empty streets with my knees like jelly and my pussy dripping.

Hessian stopped his old but roaring BMW next to me. Picking me up and leaving me in front of my hotel. Then he stepped on the gas and disappeared, trying to make it in time for the morning report in his base.

He texted me in the morning, "I cannot stop thinking of you. I want to meet you again."

"We can meet again...," I wrote realizing that I desperately wanted the same thing.