 "I'm running over to Wal-Mart, do you need anything?"

Julie was leaning into my office, wearing something low-cut as normal. She had humongous tits, and even though she was married, she enjoyed showing them off. She wasn't skinny, and not the best looking woman around, but those boobs looked incredible under the shirts she wore. During the winter, I'd always wait for the weather to get warmer so more cleavage would be shown. Today, she didn't disappoint. I was ready to get up and take a break, so I said that I wouldn't mind going also, and offered to drive. She told me that she had the minivan, so we could take her car.

We got in the car, and I just had a great view of her tits through the shirt she had on. Whenever we went over a bump, they jiggled, and I started getting hard. Those boobs were humongous, how could I NOT? We stopped at a light, and she reached down into the console to check her phone...and showing me cleavage. I just wanted to put my hand down her shirt and feel them. Then...I was busted.

"Enjoying the view?" she asked as she pulled away from the light and neared the Wal-Mart parking lot.

I knew what I WANTED to say, but felt that since we worked together and were both married, I had to play it cool. "Um, what view, the strip mall there?"

Turning into the lot, she chuckled aloud. "No, I meant down my shirt. That IS where you were looking, right?"

"Well, I did notice things," I tried, seeing where that would go. Suddenly, we were parking in a spot along the side of the building. She shifted into park and turned towards me. "Well, I was hoping you noticed my tits."

"And why were you hoping that?" Yeah...I was getting harder, and didn't try to hide it. I definitely wanted her to notice that!

Inhaling, like she was trying to gather the fortitude to say something bold, she said, "Because I like knowing you're looking at my tits. They're 40Fs, and hopefully, they make you hard."

I looked away from her face and down at her chest. Her cleavage was awesome. "Ok, now I am looking," I said with a laugh. She looked down at my crotch, and said, "Yeah, and it looks like they're making you pretty damned hard, too!"

We just sat there, still belted in. Her eyes were glued to my bulging crotch, and my eyes were on her tits. After what seemed like a few minutes, she just put out her hand, touched my leg, and moved her palm slowly up to my crotch. Feeling her hand rubbing my hardening cock through my pants, I groaned, said 'fuck it', and reached out for her tits. Putting my hands under them, I rubbed them though her shirt and bra, noticing her nipples hardening up.

We simultaneously took off our belts, and she said, "move into that seat", pointing at the captains chair behind my seat. She let go of my pants, and I quickly moved into that seat. Julie was right behind me, reaching for my belt. Undoing it quickly, she reached into my pants and pulled out my hard, throbbing dick. "Holy fuck, THAT is what I wanted!" Her hand gripped the shaft tightly, and started moving up and down as precum started seeping out of my tip. Loving the feel of that, I growled, and reached out to her tits. She stopped jerking me off to take off her shirt and unhook her bra. I moaned seeing those gigantic tits, and started squeezing them. While her hand went back to fisting my dick, I was playing with her hard nipples and pushing them together, imagining them wrapped around my cock.

"Baby, you know what?"

"What?", I asked.

"I really need to eat that cock. I mean, I am just dying to shove it in my mouth and get a huge fucking load of your cum out of that huge, beautiful prick!!" Before I could even say a word, she shoved her face down onto my cock and took every single inch of my meat until I felt her tongue flicking my balls. She then started to fuck her own throat with my dick, making the most awesome slurping, sucking, and gagging noises while I watched her awesome titties shake in my hands.

After about a minute of heavenly cocksucking, she removed my throbbing dick from her throat, and pulled back so that her tits were no longer in her hands. Grabbing my saliva-covered cock, she wrapped her fingers around it tight and started jerking me off HARD. Looking up at me, she said, "I know what you want."

Moving closer, she gently placed my cock in the middle of her incredible cleavage, and wrapped her big, fat titties tightly around it. Pushing them together, I could barely see the tip - and DEFINITELY couldn't see the rest of my cock! I inhaled as she started moving those tits up and down my dick, from the tip down to my balls. Picking up speed, the head of my cock was hitting her in the chin, so she slurped it loudly each time that she brought her cleavage down my shaft. My eyes were blurring up because the feel of those huge soft tits squeezing my throbbing meat. This was something I had jerked off picturing so many times, tittyfucking this woman's huge melons! Between the sounds of her slurping on the tip each time it came near her lips and the slapping of her tits against my thighs and the sight of my happy cock tightly between them, I knew I was going to unload all over her.

Hearing me start to growl, she asked me if I was getting close. I nodded, and watched her smile as she intently fucked my cock with her awesome boobs. "Mmmm...now I have to decide if I am going to eat that hot fuckin load or let you spray it all over me," she said. "Decisions, decisions!"

Hearing her say something about taking my load brought me to the edge, and I exploded. She was expecting it, because she looked down at my hard cock poking out of her cleavage and took a big dollop of cum that hit her square in the bridge of her hose. She quickly let go of her tits and just lowered her mouth onto my dick and throated it, going all the way down to my balls while swallowing load after load. I was fighting to keep my eyes open, because I wanted to remember the picture of her sucking down my hot cum while having every inch of my dick down her throat with a string of cum across her face. Finally I stopped convulsing, as she ran her mouth up and down my shaft while gently rubbing my balls.

This would definitely give me something to think about every time I saw her in the office from now on!!