 "Oh the mental images that comment gives me!" Mel replied. "They are just so wrong on so many levels!"

Nick laughed, shooting a humored grin at Mel. "I win again!"

Mel didn't even hesitate before flipping Nick off with both hands, shaking her head at him.

"Making promises again?" Nick asked, still laughing.

"Yep, but not like you'll ever take me up on it." She retorted, raising an eyebrow flirtatiously.

Nick stared at Mel with a shocked expression on his face. Had she really just said that? Her eyes widened at the realization that maybe she had overstepped her bounds a bit, even for Nick.

They had been close friends for years, and there wasn't much that they wouldn't say around one another, no matter how inappropriate, off color, or perverted it was. They had a relationship that defied definition.

Mel knew that hidden somewhere underneath the endless tormenting that Nick wanted her, and that he had for some time. In all truth, she wanted him too. But the fear of complicating a good friendship with the strings attached to sex always seemed to stop them at the last possible second.

Nick laughed and smiled at her, poking her in the side. "You're terrible." He replied.

"No worse than you." Mel retorted, sticking out her tongue at him

"You better be careful with that tongue." He warned playfully, pulling her close to him. He stared down at her, his eyes burning with the urge to completely ravage her.

"Or what?" she whispered, testing the waters. He could tell in her eyes that she wasn't sure where the boundary was, and that she was afraid that she was tap dancing on a line that could potentially have some serious consequences.

"This..." He replied, deliberately making his voice dark as he narrowed his eyes at her. He watched her eyes widen anxiously at his tone. She pulled back from him cautiously as he looked at her. His green eyes bored into her as she fidgeted in front of him.

"This is really happening?" Mel asked, swallowing hard as she stared back at him.

"Yep." He replied, moving close to her. "I told you one of these days I'd make you start paying up."

For years, Mel had antagonized, flirted with and teased Nick. Their friendship had always remained close in spite of it, and their flirtation always managed to cover the endless tension between them. But now, it was clear to her that she wasn't able to get out of the situation. She couldn't deflect it and run away. Nick was getting what he wanted this time.

His hands were rough has he pushed her to her knees. She couldn't hide the panic in her eyes as she looked back up at him. The face that usually held a mischievous grin, a witty comeback or a clever remark was cold as he stared down at her. His green eyes were unforgiving as he watched her. He was in control now.

He had made up his mind that he was going to make her pay for the frustrations she had caused him over the years. As he reached for the zipper of his jeans, he watched as her eyes widened nervously, just the same way they always did when he had jokingly told her he was going to do it before. As he exposed his erect shaft to her, he smiled darkly at her response.

Mel looked up at him anxiously, biting her lip as she looked for any sign that he might just be playing after all and might let her out of this. But she found nothing of the sort as he continued watching her as her gaze switched back to his cock, hard and waiting in front of her face.

"Go on." He urged quietly.

She knew what he expected. It was time for payback. She closed her eyes as she reluctantly opened her mouth and took him in. As he slid into her mouth, she went until the head of his cock hit the back of her throat. Her eyes opened, and she looked up at him hesitantly as he grabbed a handful of her hair, tugging gently as she continued to bob up and down on his shaft.

Nick groaned as she continued. She worked her tongue over him as she moved. Her hands moved from her sides as she began stroking him in time with her movements. He drew a sharp breath as she let her left hand drift down and cup his balls. She was getting into it. She began moving faster as she stroked and sucked him. "Damn, Mel." Nick groaned as he leaned his head back.

Truth be told, the years of flirtation had been frustrating for her as well. She had wanted him, but was always too chicken to make a move. But now, with her shyness forcibly stripped away, she had no choice but to give in and admit it.

Nick groaned again as he pulled back from her. "No hands." He whispered breathlessly. He grabbed her wrists, pulling a pair of handcuffs off of his desk. They had been hidden under some papers, so she hadn't noticed them. He cuffed her wrists behind her back. She was now helpless.

The excitement she felt as he touched her face was also tinged with anxiety. As he guided his cock back to her mouth again, she eagerly took it in, continuing where she left off.

Soon, Nick's hands found the back of her head, grabbing fistfuls of her hair. He thrusted into her mouth as he held on to her tightly. He groaned as he neared his release. Mel struggled to keep up, her tongue frantically swirling around the shaft as his cock throbbed in her mouth.

As his climax hit, he held her head against him as he erupted into her mouth. "Swallow it." He hissed, feeling her struggle to keep up with his load as it poured down her throat. She whimpered in response as she continued. He moaned as he felt her tongue slowly licking around him, making sure she got every last drop of his come.

When he released his grip on her head, Mel fell back onto her heels, gasping for breath as she stared back at him. She bit her lip anxiously as she waited for a response from him as he zipped up.

After he stared at her for a moment, he broke into a grin. "Not bad for a start." He said softly, stepping closer to her.

She smiled back at him, giggling nervously.

"Ah, the nervous giggle." He said, chuckling at her as he crouched in front of her. "It's been years since I've heard that."

"It's been years since you've had me in a position like this." Mel replied quietly, looking up at him.

Nick leaned down and kissed her, sliding his tongue into her mouth. He groaned as he ran his hands through her hair, pulling it gently. "You little vixen," He whispered into her ear, "you can be so damn seductive when you want to be." He kissed down her neck, his hands sliding down her sides to her hips, until they found their way around her back. The cuffs unlocked with a soft click, falling to the floor, freeing her hands to touch him once again. She moaned quietly as he continued, her hands running through his hair. He groaned at her touch. "What do you want?" he whispered as he pulled back, staring down into her eyes.

"I don't know." Mel replied flirtatiously. "What do you want?"

"What I want," Nick started, his voice tense as he looked down at her, "is for you to stop playing coy." His eyes darkened as he looked at her. "Just say what you want instead of being worried about my reaction."

"Fine," Mel sighed, her blue eyes anxious as she looked up at him, "I want you."

"I've wanted to hear you say that for years." Nick whispered as he leaned down and kissed her again. She moaned into his mouth as she felt his hands tug at the zipper on her sweatshirt. As he touched the soft skin underneath her tank top, he drew a sharp breath as he felt her shiver.

She reached out, reaching for Nick's belt. He groaned as he felt her fingers fumbling with the buckle. As she loosened it, flipping it back, she looked up at him, biting her lip as she unbuttoned his jeans.

Nick moaned and jumped as Mel slid her hand down inside his jeans, cautiously stroking him through his boxers. "Fuck, Mel." He whispered as he tilted his head back, closing his eyes. "You have no idea what you're doing to me right now."

"I think it's pretty obvious." She whispered back, still watching him anxiously.

"Hell, I can't take it anymore." He said, standing up. He reached for her jeans, tugging them gently. Obliging his request, Mel unbuttoned them. He pulled them away, revealing her teal panties beneath. The way her hair fell at her shoulders, with her eyes shining, biting her lip anxiously as he stared at her, he couldn't resist her. "Take off that tank top." He said quietly.

She nodded, peeling it above her head. Nick pulled off his own shirt, tossing it aside before pushing his jeans to the floor and stepping out of them. He grabbed Mel by the wrist, pulling her close. He kissed her, his hands reaching behind her to unhook her bra. He dropped it to the floor as his hands brushed down her back. He grabbed her ass, pulling it against him.

Mel gasped as she felt the hardness of his cock pressing against her. She reached down, tracing her fingers over the length of him. He shuddered, moaning again. "I want to fuck you so bad, Mel." He pleaded.

"Yes... God yes, Nick." Mel responded, her voice breaking.

He pulled her into his bedroom before pushing her back onto his bed. Mel raised her hips as he reached for the panties, helping him remove them, exposing her already wet slit to him.

Nick looked down at her wantingly before pulling his own boxers off, watching her eyes focus hungrily on his cock as it stood erect for her again. She gasped at the sight of it, hard and glistening with precum as he positioned himself between her hips.

Without a word, he covered her, sliding effortlessly inside of her. She cried out as he pushed deep inside of her, groaning as she began instantly throbbing around him. She dug her nails into his shoulders, moaning as her hips jerked against him.

"Nick," she panted as she brought her knees up so that he could thrust deeper into her, "I'm gonna come."

"Good." Nick replied breathlessly as he started thrusting faster. He groaned as he felt her body reacting as she neared her release.

"Oh fuck, Mel." He groaned as he felt her start shaking uncontrollably as her orgasm started. He slammed into her, causing her to cry out as she shattered around him. She arched her back as she moaned again, while she writhed beneath him as he slowly slid in and out of her.

Soon, the feeling of her orgasm, the way she clenched him, how hot and wet she was as she pulsed around him, the throaty moans as he fucked her all started to become too much for Nick to handle. He felt his own orgasm building in his balls. He groaned as he thrust into her again.

Mel moaned, digging her hands into the comforter as he pushed himself to the edge. "Harder." She begged as he moved faster, slamming into her. "Yes! Oh fuck Nick, Yes!" she called out as she started to come again.

As her pussy tightened around his cock again, Nick moaned as his own orgasm hit, sending his come rushing from his cock, deep into Mel. "Oh fuck." He groaned as he pushed into her slowly while his load exploded from his pulsing shaft.

When he finished, he collapsed on top of Mel, breathless.