 I wanted him. I could see him sitting there, across the bar, smoking his cigar and looking widely disinterested at the typical goings on. He was a stranger to the area. I was local enough to recognize that much, his leather vest over a plaid flannel shirt, worn blue jeans and cowboy boots.

I licked my lips at the sight of the boots. Jason was there with me, following my eyes as it was my turn to shoot and I hadn't done so yet. We are very competitive when it comes to pool, that is, unless one of us gets distracted.

"You can either drool at him all night or you can go over there," Jason said casually as he leaned against the table. "Either way, it's your turn to shoot."

I nodded and pulled my eyes away long enough to make the shot. 

I missed.

"Go." He put a hand on my shoulder and pushed me forward. I handed him my cue and left him behind. Jason and I had dated a while ago. It just happened to wind up that we made much better friends than we did lovers, although that didn't stop us from indulging every now and again at a weak moment.

I was having a weak moment but it had nothing to do with Jason.

It was mid-way on my way over to him that I realized I had nothing to say. I wasn't good at hitting on men and I could tell that tonight was going to be one of those nights that even my meager recourses left me. 

I continued to walk, however. 

He noticed me as I stopped a few feet away. Somehow, I got up the courage to walk over to him and although my tongue felt as though it had been tied in knots, I managed to speak. "Can I buy you a beer?"

This line is especially brilliant since he already had almost a full bottle in hand.

"Sure." He downed some of his bottle and set it aside. "Sit."

I did so, rubbing my hands on my blue jeans and looking around. Familiar faces ignored me per usual, the only eyes upon me belonged to that of Jason, who was doing his damnedest to look disinterested as he knocked the rest of the balls into their slots.

"I'm Logan." He offered his hand and I took it.

"Jenna." I replied, shaking his hand, trying to seem cool and failing miserably. "I want to get out of here."

He paused for a moment and then motioned to the door. "Then leave."

"I want you to come with me."

He nodded in Jason's direction. "Won't your boyfriend get mad?"

"He isn't my boyfriend." I responded automatically, the answer actually prepared for the question that was always forthcoming.

"Okay." He rose to his feet and I to mine, my heart beating a mile a minute as we passed through the crowd and to the main doors. The night air was cool, but not crisp, and the stars out in full array. Being in the country did have its benefits. I kept walking and he kept up along side of me as the Pipeline disappeared behind us.

"You know what you're doing?" He asked me as we walked.

"Yup." It was a straight answer. I did. I had never done this before but I did know what I was doing. I'd heard of other people doing this and now it was my chance. I led him out back, to the quiet and dark lot where the cars were parked.

"This way." He grabbed my hand and led me to his truck. The bed of the truck was shielded from the sky by a raised cap in back and I could see that it was outfitted for sleep. 

"You want this?" He asked me, giving me my last out.

"Yeah." I put my hands on his vest, bunched them up tight, and pulled him to me. I kissed him hard and long, the best way I knew how, my tongue playing with his.

He tasted like smoke and beer. 

I imagined I tasted much the same.

His hands found a home on my hips and pulled me closer to him, rubbing his erection against my middle. I kept kissing him, doing my best to impress him with my skill. His hands found their way to my breasts, muscular fingers with thick knuckles caressing, kneading, and teasing. "Enough." He breathed against my ear.

I didn't need to be told twice.

I spread my legs and did a bit of rubbing of my own, teasing him. I could hear him growl as he broke the kiss and put his hands on my ass, helping me push myself backwards underneath the rim and into the padding. I started to kick off my own cowboy boots and move my fingers to my blue jeans, struggling to remove them as well. I looked up to see his hands going for his own belt. I won the race, having been given a head start, and kicked a leg of my jeans free. That wound up being all we needed. He put a hand to my crotch and groaned as he felt my wet underwear. I gritted my teeth and swore under my breath not only at his touch but upon realizing I'd worn the pair with daises.

Who the hell tries to seduce a man wearing daises? Thankfully, he didn't seem to notice or mind. Instead he thrust his finger inside of me, sliding in on my wetness, and it was my turn to moan. He worked it back and forth, thumb riding my clit, and I felt my first orgasm build. The free hand was on my breast, freeing it from my button down shirt and bra to suck upon the nipple. He was far from gentle.

I was in heaven.

The flooding that began must have triggered some primal switch because he freed his dick and was teasing me with it. I couldn't see it and I suppose that wound up being for the best because I had no clue of his size until he started to rub, and then enter me.

Even though I was wet, it took him a bit to work it in and he growled the whole time.

I did what anyone would do when being attacked by an animal you can't escape; I laid there and let it go.

He finally worked his head in me and took a deep breath... he pulled up his shirtsleeve and I found my mouth full of flannel. "Don't make a sound." With a quick thrust he was inside and the sound he didn't want me to make almost escaped the cloth. Tears streamed down my face as the pain set in, the burning sensation, and I could feel myself go dry. I had never been so full. I can't explain the pressure upon my flesh imposed upon by his tool. I thought childbirth had to be easier.

"Come on, sugar." He worked it in and out, and to my surprise I grew wet again.

I was further mystified when pain turned to pleasure and I became wet once more.

As he thrust I found myself moaning into that shirt and when he removed the flannel to kiss me I licked my lips and had at him, my arms reaching around to hold him, my legs spread eagle, feet in the air.

He pulled me down more, raised my legs, and got in deeper than anything had ever been before. I felt him bottom out at my cervix and winced with the sweet pain. 

Nothing before or since has ever felt so good. I was drenched once more, my legs spread as far apart as possible to allow him maximum entry as he slammed himself into me again and again. My nails worked their way under his shirt and I scratched the hell out of him. We reached climax at roughly the same time, he growled as he let go and I could have whooped for joy.

When we were done he eased himself out of me and I could feel the cum dribbling out from between my soaked legs. He shrugged out of his vest and handed me his shirt to clean myself up with. I did so, not looking at him, not looking at much of anything. When I was done I noticed bits of blood but nothing serious. I tried to hand it back to him.

He shook his head. "Keep it, kitten. I'll come back for it later." 

He zipped his jeans up and took a moment to wrap an arm around my waist and pull me to him. The kiss was long and slow, so deep I had to grab his shirt with my free hand. I felt like I was falling.

"I'll be back for you too, sugar."

I stumbled away when he let me go and he walked around to the cab, shirtless, moon drenching his muscular back and tight ass. He got inside, started up the engine, and I had to step away to let him pull out. He backed up until he was even with me and looked me straight in the eye.

"Stay safe." He pulled away and I stood awkwardly in a cloud of exhaust, tasting it and him upon my lips.

When I returned to the bar alone, Jason was waiting for me in one of the booths.

"So, how did it go?" He looked me over, raising a brow at my disheveled appearance.

I set his shirt on the table and ran my hand across it. "He'll be back."