 We enter the sacred site, two magicians with an ancient rite. Darkness has descended upon this ritual space in the heart of the desert land in the centre of the comet ground. As we move to the centre the surrounding hills engulf us until we arrive at the raised hillock in the middle of the crater. Blackness in the sky is all consuming, the pinpricks glistening in their million sparkles. The horned moon descends in the west with Venus and Mars accompanying Her march to the horizon. The heat of the bush is all pervading, scorched earth lusting for the release of the increasing night. We walk together, arm in arm, robed in black, weaponed for the ritual.

At the open temples holy of holy rests the altar, a stone block of sand, solid in its rough-hewn beauty at the top of the hillock, in the heart of the crater. Upon the altar lies the black rug, of straight haired fur all soft and sensual. Upon it lie a long ornate rapier, a sharp black handled stiletto blade, the lotus wand and the protecting pentacle. About candles abound matching the stars in their abundant grace. On the small altar are the paten, the wine, the water, the salt, the censer, and the fire ready for the rites commencement. Our robes are removed at the circles edge as we ready for the beginning, naked and stunning in soft candlelight under the light of the moon in the clear black sky. There is no wind, there is much silence, the humidity breathes, and the earth is present.

We face each other in the sacred circles centre feeling the velvet skin of our loves desire. We breathe together, one in, one out, cycling our centres together from one to the other. We raise our hearts and our minds into the aethyr and join them there on the astral plane. We bring that power down into ourselves melding one to another ready for the rites commencement. I, the magician, turn to the east with the dagger and begin to banish as she, the magician's assistant for tonight, holds me gently about the hips with one hand with the other between my shoulder blades. As I vibrate the sacred names she joins in unison giving sound to one dynamic electric power emitted to the ends of the universe. We feel each other through her grip and through the vibrations in the air so that we both shudder at the immense strength developing within us. We feel the power of air and fire and water and finally earth grow about us and in us. We feel the spiritual presence of the great powers protecting all around us. The stars blaze in a great circle lighting us and comforting us.

I begin the invocation as she joins in and moves closer gripping me tightly about the waist and rubbing her lithe body against my back. I can feel her soft breasts touching me lightly and I can feel her hairless pubic bone grind into my bottom. We earlier prepared ourselves in a ritual bath and I had shaved her completely, tenderly and lovingly as she had done me from face to feet. In our smooth and hairless state we return to our beginnings and invoke with passion and grace. We invoke the angel of water to arouse its love and strengthen ours thereby for the sexual rite to follow. I raise the chalice and feel the love brought forward as she grips me tighter as her fingers sneak a little around the sides of my groin lightly brushing the base of my penis with her glowing sharp black nails.

We begin the angelic call together and as she holds me tight we can feel each other's voices vibrating into each other through my back and through her chest. As we end the invocation and the consecration we move to the centre and face each other to begin the scrying. She has moved around to the front of me and grips my penis hard as she slowly strokes it up and down as I feel the angels presence manifest in my mind, a beautiful goddess, naked, shining, erotic and wet. She cups my balls and I can feel the ticklish sensation that I love so much as she plays those fingernails along my perineum. Her other hand plays softly with my rock hard penis as the angelic goddess begins to envelop us completely in a great orgasmic pleasure. She slides her tongue along my chest, wet and warm as she lets a little saliva slide down my chest. She follows it down and moves its wetness across to an erect nipple, which she delights in nibbling. As she moves down ever so slowly I enter an ecstatic state of absolute bliss lost in the moist drowning world of pleasure and love. 

Her tongue has entered my navel penetrating its shallow depths, seeking entrance to my power centre, as it swirls and curls all wet and slimy. She slowly traces lower along my smooth and hairless skin to the base of my penis as I breathe in in breathless anticipation. Her tongue runs along the length of my rigid penis to the soft spongy head, dripping with precum, shining in the candlelight. She sees the hanging drop dangling just below the eye as she lets the tip of her tongue just touch the pearly drop hanging on a glistening thread. The sweet taste invades her senses leading her into a trance as the ever present being moves me into a powerful trance overcome with love and passion for my lover. My lover traces the thread back to its web and lets her tongue descend into the eye in search of more.

She delicately envelops the head of my penis with her soft and luscious lips moistening the tip, sucking gently, and moistening some more with her saliva. As she holds the top of my penis in her mouth I look deep into the heavens seeing the millions of starlights glittering there through the body of the angelic goddess holding me entranced above while my magickal lover holds me entranced below. Ever so exploringly she lets her tongue descend along the underside of my penis as her mouth descends until I am completely engulfed by her mouth at the base of my penis, as the goddess above descends upon us and closes over us in a never ending writhing embrace.

With me completely inside her I can feel the glistening sweat glowing in the candlelight and look down on her shining back glowing as she grips my bum with one hand with the other exploring my hairless balls and between my legs with her nails scraping teasingly in secret places. She tugs gently on my balls pulling them down slightly and massaging in an exquisite embrace as she pumps them slowly. As I grind against her face in absolute mind numbing bliss she moves her mouth up and down the length of my slippery shaft now wet with her moisture. 

It is time to move more intensely into the ritual scrying as she rises to face me, each of us entranced within the watery goddess as we float in our ark in an ocean of enduring love. It is time for us to join together as one and float through the universal sea as she raises one leg around my waist moving closer to embrace me more. She grabs my penis around its middle and lowers it until it is between her hairless crotch where I can feel a superheated cauldron of steam awaiting fulfilment. She slides my cock just an inch inside her as she raise her other leg also around my waist. I hoist her in a powerful but soft grip until she slides home unto the hilt. We rest there savouring the feeling in what is a perfect fit as every inch of my cock is surrounded by her tight intimate vagina.

Her arms are around my neck with mine descending around her waist gripping her tight buttocks. Her svelte body rests against mine, her soft body melting into mine. She raises herself slowly as I support her in a delicate hold feeling her need as I help her to raise and lower. She lifts until the head of my cock just remains inside her where I hold her and then lower her slowly as I feel every absolute inch of my being disappear into her tight mind-blowing gold. There we stay buried fully until she raises again and I lower again. She builds slowly into a rhythm as she spreads herself and lets go in a rapidly increasing pace. I move my fingers down until I can feel my cock sliding in and out of her beautiful lips. I can feel the hot wetness and it flows freely down my shaft as I play around the sides of her vagina sending her into an unending slithering, grinding motion as she seeks release. I let my fingers descend further until I can just feel her clitoris amongst a wet smooth enclosing hood. I let my fingers tease her as I play with her clitoris as it becomes wetter and wetter and she groans for more.

I look at her closely now and absorb her presence as I notice every detail of her being. I can see in the candlelight her beautiful shoulder length straight black hair, her high intelligent brow, her delicate face, her black painted lips matching darkened eyes which glow with an iridescent translucent blue in a narrow dark rim. I look down on a petite and fragile body perfect in its pale complexion, glistening from our exertions as we begin to quicken the pace lost in the depths of each other's eyes. I feel her intimate presence and feel her loving senses and I love her heart and I love her mind and I love her every part. She knows me in every part of my being; she synchronises with me in every way, reads my mind and seeks my guide as I do hers in all things. We see each other reflected in our eyes, deep in thought, deep in us, we feel one, we feel together, melted into one another. I love her sweet talk and I love her sweet walk and I love her soft feet and her small toes, and I love to touch them and watch them move. I love her beautiful breasts and her hard nipples, I love her shape and I love her soft body, I love her small bum and her great legs, her hairless legs and her hairless thighs and smooth crotch and all it hides. I love the wet centre and its soft lips, its velvet heat and steaming treat that tastes so rich that sends me into a heady dream. She smiles at me a smile that melts my very centre and makes me happy as never ever and I feel as if we are never apart, have never been apart, have always been one, have always been in love and will always be. We hold this moment as we savour the height before we move on. We are at the point close to no return but just before it. In a moment of never ending anticipation at that point where we want release but let it linger ever longer.

I feel her back and all its slight muscles tensed in awe of the feeling aroused as I move my hands up and stroke her back as she holds herself connected to me. The pace quickens as she cannot hold the bliss any longer. She becomes a fast train as she pumps me and pumps me and slides and slides, up and down and around and around. I feel the inside of her gripping vagina in a vice like slippery dreamy grip. She starts to get tighter as she starts to get hotter, and she starts to moan and groan and grind and grind. She humps and humps and begins to growl softly in a slow lioness-like purr from the depths of her inner being from the depths of her chest. Her back arches and then it bends as she can't control her rising pleasure needing release that she wants me to give her. I grab her arse in a strong grasp that spreads her cheeks and at the same time holds her slender hips. I can hold the top of her small hips and her great arse on each side within the width of each hand. I dig my fingers into the base of her arse just around her clenched anus and in this position I can physically lift her and control her rhythm and control her pace. I make that rhythm faster and harder and grind her crotch into my own as I lift her and bounce her and as she reaches the top of the stroke I let her fall impaling herself on my hard, hot rigid cock and as she bottoms out her clitoris pounds into my hairless pubic bone as my balls rise in impending release. She becomes the goddess as she and the angel become one and she takes on that great power enveloping us all and I become one with that great presence as all time ceases and as all sound stops and as all space has gone as we float in nothing, in nowhere, in no time and no space.

In that soundless, sightless, nowhere moving like an oiled piston exploding at each stroke we reach a height above all time and I can feel my balls beyond all heat moving that rising feeling and I feel deep in my perineum an increased uncontrollable desire to explode inside my lover, inside my goddess, inside my angel. The unstoppable fluid begins in the base of my cock and begins to move up as I let out a gasp and another groan and a moan as the seminal liquid shoots forth into an absolutely tight vagina with nowhere to move. The tightness milks me in an almost painful but pleasuring hold as each spurt of steamy cum fires into her very soul where she can feel my heat enter her being sending her over the edge as she comes herself as she bucks and fucks and grunts and humps. I bend my back as I feel my penis being crushed by her muscles as she grips and rips and sends me into unbelievable pleasure as she keeps moving and sucking the milk from my balls. We move some more and I feel the mingled juices swirl around inside her warming my cock in a comforting honeyed embrace.

We stand together and feel the power and send our minds into the aethyr contacting the governors dwelling there who have been watching us in our endeavours, observing our pleasures, building their power, drawing us in. We stand in trance and scry together looking into each other's mind, a mind which is now one, which looks together. We use our eyes as our mirrors and watch the beings there sending us love as we send our love out into the universe to change the world, to crown the world, to bring the love to all for ever in the consummation of our Great Work. 

Relaxed, but still embraced, we feel the warmth of ourselves as we come out of our trance but still in our love as we stand in the magick circle, on the top of the hillock, in the centre of the crater, in the middle of Australia, as the heart of the world, at the absolute navel of the universe, as the starry universe looks down on us as it knows its centre is in us, where the universe dwells.