 It's a cheerful Saturday mid-afternoon and you and I are out picking up some food at a grocery store. Walking down the produce aisle, we pass a bin full of those little green baskets of strawberries. I get a big grin on my face and reach out to pick up a basket to put in our cart. You're watching me, trying to figure out what I have in mind, but I'm not giving you any clues yet.

We finish making our tour around the store, and are headed up to the cashier, when I spot a public washroom just behind the checkout lines. I tap your arm and nod towards it, then wink and smile. I smile even wider at the sharp intake of breath I hear from you.

"Leave the cart with the customer service guys, then come into the bathroom. If the coast is clear, I'll be in the men's room. If not, I'll wait outside the door."

Without giving you a chance to reply, I turn and walk off to the washroom, go inside, and the door closes behind me, leaving you in the middle of the grocery store.

You push the cart up to the customer service counter and ask them to hold on to it for a few minutes while you run to the bathroom. They take it, and you head for the sign with the little woman and man on it, a zillion thoughts running through your mind. Some embarrassing. Some frightening. Most downright exciting. You can feel a small glow of warmth begin to spread through your body as you get nearer to the door.

You come to the door marked "Washrooms." Nobody is standing outside of it. Pushing inside, there is a short hallway between a door marked "Women" and a door marked "Men." There is no one in the hall. You take a deep breath and push open the men's room door, and-

"What kept you?" I ask, standing naked just inside the doorway. I reach behind you to close the door and flick the lock shut while you stare at me, trying not to giggle. My clothes are neatly draped over the cubicle door, and my socks and shorts are resting on top of the hand dryer.

"Kyle, what if someone else came in instead of me?!" you manage to get out.

I pause for a moment, and shrug. "I guess they would've been surprised, huh?" I grin and bring my hand out from behind my back. "Look what I smuggled in."

In my palm is the basket of strawberries from outside. The cellophane wrapping has been taken off and the bottom has been set in the lid. The berries are glistening, like they were just washed, and you take a moment to notice the sink has fresh water droplets in it.

I watch a mixture of emotions run across your face, and then, without warning, you wrap yourself around me and slam your lips against mine, kissing me hard enough to draw the blood out of my brain to my lips. I falter for a moment, then wrap my hands around you, still holding the berries, and return your kiss, pushing my tongue out to play with yours, rolling it in a circle around your tongue ring, as I stroke along your back with my free hand. Your hands slide down to squeeze my ass, and I abruptly moan into your mouth. Finally I break away and stand, slightly out of breath, and just look at you.

You smile bashfully, despite the fact that you're still fully clothed, and I take the opportunity to admire the rosy glow in your cheeks, the soft light that seems to shine all by itself from your eyes, and the way your hair falls gently over your shoulder in soft waves. I set the berries down on the edge of the sink and run my hand over your ear, cupping the back of your head, and draw you in for a longer, deeper kiss that leaves us both breathless. My tongue flicks out and licks briefly over your lips, and I whisper to you, "Get undressed."

Not waiting to simply watch, I start unfastening your pants while you remove your shirt and bra. I tug your pants and panties off in one motion and hold them down while you kick off your shoes and step out of them. Standing back up, I crush my face to yours, sucking on your lips, tracing them with my tongue, swirling it around yours inside your mouth, then inside mine. My hands roam over your body, along your sides, your back, and your front, moving finally to your nipples. I begin teasing them, tugging them lightly and rolling them, then letting go and circling around them before pinching them again. My lower body presses against yours and you feel my cock, rapidly becoming rock-hard, brushing against your stomach and the top of your pussy. I groan into your mouth at the contact, and you moan into mine, and I break our kiss for an instant to look into your eyes, licking my lips and smiling a wolfish smile.

I take a strawberry out of the basket and hold it to my mouth, watching your face as I put it to my lips and begin sucking on the tip, letting you see my tongue flick out over it. I lean in close and breathe into your ear, "This is what I want to do to your clit," and then pull back and start sucking harder on the tip of the strawberry, closing my eyes, rolling my head back, and moaning softly into the fruit. I open my eyes to watch you as I put on this show, and smile at you. Your breath is coming faster and your cheeks are bright red, as is your chest, but you keep your hands away from our pussy, which I see is starting to shine with wetness, before drawing the now soggy berry out of my lips.

"We'll have to put this someplace, I think," I say, as I look your body up and down, admiring every inch of it, wanting to do nothing but hold you, kiss you, lick you, and fuck you forever. I lower the berry to your pussy and begin sliding it inside your lips, mixing the berry juices with your own. I smile at the gasp that comes out of your mouth, knowing that it feels ice-cold inside you, but sliding it in deeply anyway, rolling it side to side, even fucking it in and out of you a bit, until only the green leaves are left outside.

The exercise leaves you moaning softly and your breathing is nothing but a series of fast gasps, and the sight of you trying to remain still while I tease you makes me want you even more, and I bury my face in your pussy to give you release. My lips crush against the outside of your opening, wrapping around the berry and sucking on it, as my arms wrap around your ass and hold your body close, pulling you harder into my mouth. My tongue dances out and licks at your pussy, and the juices that are dripping from it around the berry, and lapping at your hot slit.

I draw the berry out into my mouth, feeling you groan even before I can hear it, you body shaking against me, and I rise up, brushing my hard cock against your labia, meshing my mouth with yours, letting you taste the mixture of your juices and the strawberry that I'm feeding you from my mouth. My lips rub over yours for a moment and I feel you kissing me hard, almost overwhelming me with your passion, and I have to pull away before I lose total control. I grin at your whimper and kneel back down between your legs.

My tongue plunges immediately into you and I begin licking your juices, feeling their texture, their heat on my tongue, tasting the sweet essence of your hot cunt, feeling you shudder against me. My moans run right into you, making you moan, driving me on even more. I draw my tongue up over your pussy and start attacking your clit with it and my lips, my fingers diving into your cunt and fucking you hard and fast. Soon my hand is soaked in your juices and you are almost screaming and bucking against me, and then I bite down on your clit and drive you over the edge, sucking and nibbling it as you come, fucking you with my hand and stroking your upper wall, finally slowing down my mouth and moving to lap at your juices as you come down. I smile up at you as I clean my hand and your pussy, and start to grind my way up your body.

My face comes even with your breasts and I nibble on each nipple, listening to you groan, and I reach down to your pussy and start rubbing another strawberry against it, coating it in your sweet essence, sliding it into you and drawing I out, fucking you with the berry as I suck and lick your nipples, hearing you moan and feeling your body pushing into my mouth and the berry. I pull the berry out of you slowly and bring it up to your lips, letting you suck it and taste your juices on it, biting on the berry and tasting the sweet mixture, and I come up to share it with you, kissing you deeply around the berry and sucking and nibbling on it, moaning into your mouth.

I pull back and look at you, fire in my eyes. "God, Kyle, yes, fuck me now," you moan, already knowing what I want, and I smile at your beauty and passion, and slide my cock into you slowly, burying it to the hilt inside you, hearing you moan, feeling your pussy walls tighten on me, almost making me come at that first stroke, and I stop inside you for an instant before drawing out again and beginning a slow fucking rhythm. Your body responds to mine, both of us moaning together, shaking, feeling each others heat even over our own, and my cock moves faster inside you, making your body shake with every thrust. I feel my thighs and balls tightening, and I let out a long, loud moan, and you take my face in your hands and lock my eyes with yours. "Yesss," you moan, drawing in enough breath to speak, "come with meee…"

I begin fucking you faster, pounding into you, making a slapping sound every time my body meets yours, my pubis grinding hard into your clit, making you groan, and I can feel your walls tighten around me as you near your orgasm. My eyes fly wide open and my thrusts become uncontrolled, fucking you like a wild animal, driving my cock into you, and then, just as your cry reaches my ears and I feel you squeezing around me, the pressure in my balls explodes outward and I shoot my come into you, almost blacking out for a moment, falling into your body, gasping for breath. You hold me up and we both catch our breath, my cock still pulsing slightly inside you, your walls still squeezing it. I slowly pull out, moaning as it falls out of you.

We clean ourselves up as best we can, getting dressed and making sure we don't look too flushed when we go outside. I poke my head out the door to make sure nobody's out there, and we're in luck, as no one is in the hall. We both head to get our cart, pay for our groceries with a hand in each others back pocket, and a tired, beautiful smile on each of our faces. The strawberries come to $5.98 for the little basket. They're worth every cent.