 All characters are 18+. I hope you enjoy the read and manipulation and story!

*****

At some point in some of our lives we wait for something to come to us before we can move forward. 'Waiting for a perfect partner before I can truly grow and be happy'. Well, that was just it for me. Growing up a tomboy however wasn't exactly easy but boy was it fun. I had boy haircuts, sagged my shorts, climbed trees, built forts, was a river rat and fought with my friends. All of whom were boys.

When I hit puberty, I still didn't always shave my legs, wear makeup, sit on the sidelines or wait to lead a charge over a snow bank. When it came to relationships though, I was beyond frightened. I could at least say I kissed most of my friends in one of their perverted little games they liked to play. But beyond that, there was more than once when I ran away and up a tree.

I still had that hidden desire to be a boy which was also probably the last thing I needed to worry or think about. I loved my friends but I couldn't deny the fact that a woman is simply beautiful. These feelings didn't lead me to being a lesbian but it sure brought me close. At least until I gained an undoubting addiction to a man and his cock. Markus's cock.

While misanthropic, Markus is handsome, and a few years older than me. His eyes stare out of shadows covered behind his disheveled curtain of stark white hair. His eyes are crystal blue, wide and round like saucers in a perpetual cationic glare. His skin is deathly pale, which seems to almost exude a soft pseudo-angelic light, making him appear almost ghostly or wraith-like. He almost always wears a greyish white hat, like one of a golfer's hat. He's slender but muscular and his form is usually draped in a billowing ice-white trench coat that matches his ghostly pale skin and hair.

Well after that first taste and my eighteenth birthday, I didn't just run away, I ran away with him, the one who took my virginity, Markus. We took off to California with another couple, who were friends of Markus's and a bit older than even him and in their twenties. James and Jes were their names. Jes was soon to become my best friend.

Before I get to that though let me tell you a bit about myself. My name is Mackenzie and I'm short at just five feet tall, fairly skinny and nearly flat chested with a tiny to near non-existent ass. Submissive and naïve, but also very intelligent and driven. At the time, I was beginning to wear my hair in tumbling curls and wore little to no makeup.

************************

Once we were in California, we all found a place and the four of us lived together. We found an old house to rent. Tired carpeting and cracked linoleum lined our modest flat, which aside from spider webbed windows and delaminating lucite fixtures could have once been considered 'stylish'. The decor was a hodgepodge of yesterday's fashions, today's rejects, and ancient prewar. Only a few new fixtures represent the landlord's ambivalent attempt to make the apartment livable. The rest was rusting copper plumbing and dangling, dead optic cables covered by simulated wood grain. I know, sounds grim, but we did spunk it up a bit with some furniture, hot tub, oh and the infamous canvas, a captured image of my and Markus first; fucking publicly in a park.

Within a month or so of being there, James headed back home to Colorado after some fight with Jes. Jes told me that he was homesick, but I always felt there was something else going on that I didn't know about. That was when Jes and I started to do all sorts of things together though. She was at least five years older than me, at about twenty-three. She was gorgeous and I couldn't help but to adore her in every way. I know we weren't doing all the tomboy stuff I was used to but I learned to enjoy her company all the more and with every day. I became growingly more bi-curious but was too shy to bring it up, much less make a move.

For me though, that certainly wasn't the only thing going on. Markus and I had begun to explore every curiosity we could. What I didn't know though was that he was training and conditioning me. He taught me to love to worship him, citing him repeatedly. My adornment towards him and his body was becoming all I knew. He made me his, his little obedient slut and I called him Master.

In time he began to inflict pain upon me. Just a bit at a time, teaching me to like, love and desire it. Every lash, cut or bite came with a thank you less I be given another. If I wasn't told to thank Master, I was told to cite my love for the next. Later on though, I'd have to ask for it, to beg and plead for it. And that became our little secret. Because when we weren't behind closed doors, I was allowed to be myself within perimeters.

One night however, while the three of us were playing a trivia game, Markus noticed me eyeing Jes' tits. He brought it up later while we were fucking. It was one of our more sensual nights, but the next time he caught me, he spanked and lashed my ass while asking me about it. Teasing me at how wet I was becoming. Needless to say I was humiliated to be caught like this!

"You love Jes' tits don't you?" He asked while lashing my ass.

"Yes! Master, thank you," I cried out in both pain and pleasure. My best friend's tits on my mind.

"You'd love to touch them wouldn't you Mackenzie?" His tone demeaning while lashing my reddening ass again.

"Yes sir, please. I love them." I yelped out.

"Excuse me pet?" He said without any movement.

"Thank you master." I responded simply and obediently.

"Good girl." He stated while rewarding me with another lash, causing my body to jolt against the pain.

"Now tell me little one," he whispered hotly into my ear while leaning down to tease one of my nipples. "What do you think her nipples feel like?"

I could hardly respond to the question as he teased my nipple while making me focus upon Jes'. "Ungh..." I panted with a breathless moan.

Markus pinched and twisted my nipple. "Like this?"

"Yes! Thank you sir," I exclaimed out in pleasure and pain, burning the feeling into my soul.

He then began to grope at my small breasts while saying in a cold but soft tone, "Much bigger and nicer though, wouldn't you agree?"

"Yes sir. Please... another," I panted out in hopes to change the subject.

"Nope, not until you tell me how much you love Jes' ripe and perfect tits," he responded with another twist upon my nipple.

I squealed forth as tears formed gently within my eyes, "I... Master I love them. I want them."

Another slap came to my ass, this time with his hand which didn't carry the stink the crop did. "Good girl. Go on little one."

I squirmed gently upon the chair while gripping the chair-legs. "Sir please," I begged forth, obviously humiliated at this happening.

"Okay." Markus stood. "No orgasm for you until I say so."

I was quick to respond with a, "No, sir. I'm sorry."

He drew the crop then down my ass and along my soaking cunt, "That's too bad, your cunt looks like it would have loved what I had in mind for it."

I felt so bad, and didn't move a muscle as I laid there across the chair, head hung over the side. I let Master down and lost his touch. I knew what he wanted, and I knew at this time his decision was made. However, even though I did mess up. I knew I could at least go on with what he wanted.

"Master, I have never been with a girl. I want her. I love her tits and body, her hair and makeup. The clothing she wears." Then just quietly I added, almost shamefully, "I want tits like hers, and an ass too."

At this point Marcus was sitting down, though I didn't dare look. "And have you masturbated while thinking about her?"

Silence fell within the room before I slowly responded, "Yes... last week." I knew this was bad, I knew I wasn't supposed to orgasm at that time. I also knew I didn't deserve to be punished nor make the request for it. Denial was my biggest fear and the real punishment.

He seemed to ignore that last fact though and went on to ask, "Does she know?"

"No sir. I don't think so."

Then suddenly I felt him running his hand warmly across my ass and wet cunt lips, "Do you want her to?"

I was scared, scared to answer, scared of possible outcomes, but it was him I truly adored so did answer, "I'm scared, but yes. I want to suckle on her tits and taste her cunt, Master."

"It's too bad you're such a bad girl tonight. Go get dressed, Jes will be here soon and it's movie night," he stated before leaving the room.

I got cleaned up and returned to the living room to settle down on the couch. Jes wasn't home yet but Markus was with me, flipping through the channels. "I'm going to tease the shit out of you tonight, so be a good girl."

"Yes sir." I was nervous about his intentions but not enough to deny my love his desires.

Markus moved in closer to me and with an arm around me began to tease my nipple through my tight tank-top. "I bet you're hoping she has on one of those tight and revealing shirts tonight, aren't you?"

"Yes sir..." I whispered.

I then felt his other hand gliding up to tease my cunt lips through my short-shorts. "You'd like to touch her like this, yes?"

I was instantly growing wet again, although was still aroused from earlier. I could still feel the sweet sting of his love upon my reddened and sore ass. I squirmed and nodded, speaking out softly in a half moan, "Yes sir. I would love to. I'm sorry." I felt like I was cheating in some way and felt really awkward about telling him all this.

"It's okay little one, you're a good girl." He said while beginning to pull my shorts and panties to the side, teasing my cunt entrance. "I bet she'd look really good with something in her cunt, right here..." he whispered fervently into my ear while teasing his fingers lightly against my aching fuck tunnel.

I moaned and thoughtlessly pushed my hips into his hand, wanting more. "Mm, yes sir."

I was relieved that he wasn't mad about it, and was instead becoming very turned on by his reaction. I could feel exactly how hard his enlarged cock was against my leg.

"Do you think she gets as wet as your cunt is right now?" A little grin came to his lips as he began to kiss and bite at my neck.

"I hope so Master," was the only response I could muster as he continued to toy with my perky little nipple and drenched cunt.

Markus began to press his finger deeper, very slowly deeper into my cunt. "You get very wet thinking about her," he chided to me playfully. "It's sexy," he assured me.

"Thank you Master," I managed while another soft little moan left my lips.

Just a moment later we heard the keys to the door and I shifted nervously. Markus though only leaned into me and took his hand from my cunt to cover us with a blanket.

Just then Jes entered the room. Exactly the same moment that I felt my Master's fingers upon my cunt again did I set eyes upon her. She was tall, in short shorts displaying those perfect legs and was wearing a tight little tube top that exposed an ample view of her cleavage.

"Hello Jes," I said with a little smile.

"He girl," Markus said with a little wink.

Jes threw her purse down in an empty chair and sat on the couch beside Markus, "So what's on the agenda for movie night?"

Markus shrugged lightly while teasing my cunt very idly, "Whatever you want, we picked last week."

Jes pursed her perfect lips and said while grabbing the remote, "Let's see what's on." Then after turning through the channels she shrugged and stood, tossing the controller next to Markus, "I don't know. I'm going to get changed and then we'll figure it out."

Just as Jes had left the room, Markus whispered into my ear while pressing a single finger into my cunt, "What do you think she's changing into? Something sexy I bet," he teased whilst nipping at my ear.

God, he felt so good and was driving me so crazy, but most of all I couldn't get my mind off of Jes now! I wanted her, I wanted to feel her, touch her, lick and kiss her. Grind on her, and feel and learn everything I didn't know about.

"Yes sir. I think she teases me sometimes. Wearing only a bra and panties when you're not here... I want her so bad."

Just as I said those words though he shoved his fingers further up into my cunt, helping me to emphasize my own words and desires.

Just as that moan was pushed from within me he whispered, "She's going to hear you."

"Just remember little one, no matter what happens. You're not allowed to cum," he smiled, kissing me on the cheek.

My heart raced and I pouted slightly, "Yes, thank you sir."

Jes soon returned wearing a nearly see-through pair of shorts and a tank-top, with no sign of a bra. In fact, I could clearly see her pink protruding nipples staring out at me. She walked over to the TV and bent over in front of the both of us, turning on the XBOX and grabbing a controller, "Let's see what's on Netflix tonight."

I could see the perfect outline of her ass beneath those shorts, her crack and star. I swear. I swear I could see her cunt lips just upon the edges. God, I wanted her so bad. I didn't even know that I was pressing my hips eagerly into my Master's hand and upon his finger.

"I think Mackenzie wants to watch Scary Movie," Markus stated laughing.

That was so not true but I couldn't help but to agree, "Yeah, it's funny. But whatever you want Jes."

Markus scooted over on the couch a bit and smiled innocently over at Jes, "How was your day anyways?"

I could see her crossing her legs towards him and running a hand down her thigh, "Pretty good actually, got a job at a club dancing."

"Like a stripper?" Markus asked.

"Yep." Jes shrugged adding a moment later, "it's good pay."

"Mind if we come watch you sometime? I think Mackenzie would like it. Wouldn't you Mackenzie?"

I was shocked but didn't want to show it. Responding then as normally as I could, "Yeah, I've never been to a club."

"Yea that'd be fine. I don't have anything to hide," she teased directly towards me.

I could see her nipples just perfectly through her top... I tried to divert my attention though and smiled while peeling my eyes up to join hers, "Thanks Jes." I couldn't respond with much more, but why in the word was I thanking her. Why was this conditioning getting to me so much that it was my go-to response?!

Soon the movie flickered on and Markus pinched my nipple a little bit while continually playing with my cunt, leaning me towards and upon the edge of orgasm. At one point, he leaned over and said, "You're to think about Jes for the entire duration of this movie, and remember. No cumming."

Needless to say, I made it through the night without making a fool of myself. However I was sure Jes knew what was going on, at least in the sexual act. How could she not, she appeared to be and acted like a sexual goddess!

In fact I don't think she ever really knew what was going on. This went on for a month or so though. Markus was always playing with my nipples while making mention of me looking at Jes' much bigger titties until he'd deny me orgasm again and again. He'd drive me crazy. I loved it when he'd punish me for thinking about her, while making me think about her. I began to love to be setup for failure and at Master's will.

It wasn't, (seriously slow and naive here)... but it wasn't until a month after his first mention of me staring at Jes' tits that I finally realized that he might be having these thoughts too. I wasn't to touch him though unless told and or allowed to. However one day he let me feel just how hard he was while he punished and teased me. It made me so hot, so wet and so insatiable. With the way I'd feel him get hard against my leg as he'd fill in every detail of her perfect body.

For this entire month I still wasn't allowed to cum. I was still being punished for not coming out right about the truth of my desires. Every bit of punishment only made me want her more though. Every day I saw her, I grew instantly wet with Markus's touching my thoughts.

To my knowledge Jes still never knew about this... that is, until one day when we were all having a few drinks. Clearly buzzed, Markus suggested that we soak for a bit in the hot tub. When I saw her come out after changing though, I was dumbfounded. She hardly fit into her suit, her tits looked like they were going to spill from the tight material at any moment. But also her round and juicy ass, was hardly hidden. My heart began to race almost instantly, and I wasn't sure why, it wasn't like we hadn't all been in the tub together before... but she... looked so damn delicious and this torture was wearing sweetly upon me.

The first thought that came to my mind when I saw her was those words Markus spoke to me while fucking his fat cock against my ass. "I bet she looks good being fucked." In those moment however, I knew that he was thinking the same thing as me as he plucked his hat off casually, rolled it up and stuffed it into the pocket of his white trench coat. He then kicked his shoes off and I knew right away what was happening, at least a glimpse of what might be happening. He never took his hat off around anyone and nobody even knew about the 'evil' Markus, this time though Jes was there...

Nervously I hopped into the hot tub, but Markus eyed me as though I was a naughty little puppy. Hey, what can I say, I'm an ambitious type of girl, don't have to make a suggestion twice. I was in there before he or Jes was. She was too busy getting another drink and finishing off the scotch bottle.

He tiled his head at me with a mischievous yet boyish smirk, "Ut oh..." he spoke darkly, his voice then changing to a happy chirp. It echo's in my head, "Someone entered the water without permission!"

'Shit', I thought to myself before climbing back out of the hot tub and pleading for reentry. Of course I asked permission this time and forgiveness, but that wasn't enough to please him just yet.

His blue eyes drifted over to me, "Don't be so selfish! Jes is here and had a long day... shouldn't you offer her a shoulder rub?"

I wasn't quite sure what he meant, I mean she was my best friend and our roommate, but I couldn't help but raise an eyebrow at the situation. He'd put me in my place before and all I could do was shrug, play innocent, oblige and stand there chilled. 

Master beamed innocently suggesting Jes gets in and stood, shrugging off his white trench coat, exposing the muscles of his pale shoulders and tossing it, seeming to have lost the uncertain wobble from his steps as he walked around behind the hot tub and turned the bubbles on. Already naked, hard and grabbing his shorts that were hanging upon one side of the tub he put them on.

I was staring blankly at him while Jes was giggling at me. She then got into the nice warm water with a soft sigh of relation. And following shortly behind was Markus.

A long moment of silence encompassed me and before I could respond, he looked to her and asked her playfully as he sat at the other side of the tub as her, "You'd like that wouldn't you Jes?"

Jes smirked at him and nodded while drawing her hair to one side, "I'd love that."

I let out a short little breath and walked up behind my friend and began to knead my fingertips into her shoulders. In my sights were those perfect orbs... and beyond was my Master who was clearly eyeing the both of us. 

"Thank you guys," Jes stated.

Just as Jes was falling into the relaxation of my fingers, did she sit up a bit more, her breasts just balancing evening along the surface of the bubbling water, both Markus and I had our own secret hunger hidden in our eyes as we watched her nipples break the surface.

"Jes is welcome! Markus wants Jes to enjoy herself, after all..."

Markus began to explain to Jes about how he missed her the other night and that he didn't want her to feel unwanted. He even pushed further saying I missed her too, then asked me directly, "Isn't that right Mackenzie?"
