 Sophie's aunt was out for the weekend, attending some conference on veterinary care. Meg did not know the extent that vets had when it came to such things. She always thought that they just gave shots and neutered pets whenever they were tasked. She knew there was some money to be earned in the business but how much was a mystery to her.

Right now, she just wanted to watch for a change. 

They were waiting in her dining room, cans of beer strewn across the table, the sounds of silence entertaining the two young women. Sophie played with her long brown hair, her delicate fingers running through it. Her skin was fare, not much of a tan to it unlike Meg's. Hers was as tan as anyone's skin could be. She was like a bronzed statue, her raven black hair so dark that it let no light escape its silky grasp. Her slick, pouty lips, taut, slender figure and flawless face oozed sex like a leaky faucet that could not be fixed. She could not hide it even if she tried. The goddess that she was, her beauty knew no bounds. She chugged back more of her beer, savoring the taste as she waited. 

Sophie herself was nothing to look down upon. She had a full figure with well developed hips and full lips with penchant to use them on either Meg or the men she dated. Meg eyed her for a while as this was her plan. It was Meg's idea but Sophie thought up the plan.

"Where is he?" she asked impatiently.

"Chill..." Sophie shrugged. "He'll be here. So chill."

"Easy for you to say, Sophie... you're going to get fucked."

"Oh, shut up!" she giggled. "This was your idea!"

"I know but I don't know how this will play out," Meg looked away. "I haven't done anything like this, I mean it's not like watching porn..."

"Who knows... it might be," Sophie grinned. "Only live."

"Yeah, but I want to see how long I can hold out before..."

"Before you join in?"

"Shut up," she laughed. 

That was what she wanted now. Meg was a true to life jezebel who loved to be loved by men and women. For her, it did not matter which sex was giving her what she needed, as long as she got it and she was satisfied. She lived for the pleasures of the flesh and sought it out often but she wanted to try out something new this time. Instead of getting fucked, she wanted to watch someone getting fucked. 

And not just by anyone, someone good, a real machine. Someone who could make her tingle all over without laying a hand on her. A bona fide stud that could go all night long and still go some more. A lot of the men she had been with could not wait to get their rocks off with her. 

"So, this guy..."

"He's good," Sophie nodded. "Very good."

"How good?"

"Like I said, good."

"How good?"

"For Christ sake, Meg!" her tone was a slightly annoyed one. "Just take my word for it!"

"I'm sorry if I don't trust you," Meg grinned this time. "But I have to be sure."

"Fine..." she sighed. "You know all the guys you, me and Lola share?"

"Duh," Meg rolled her eyes. The two of them and close friend of theirs, Lola, made up a trio who often shared the studs they were fucking, the good ones that is. Lola herself was a very good looking woman, a redhead with a voluptuous body that made men leer everywhere she went. Throughout the semester, the three of them had spent a great deal of time in bed with together, the closest of friends, and a variety of well hung jocks and other studs. They enjoyed sampling those boys and men once each one of them had had their turn with them, taking turns enjoying the hard, deep fucks that they got. 

"This guy, he is hung and he is a fucking machine," she smiled. "He can really go the distance, believe me, Meg. You have not fucked a man like this before."

"Do I know him?" Meg leaned in closer, clearly interested. 

"Nope."

"Is he one of the jocks?" 

"He isn't from school," she shook her head. "And he isn't a fucking boy... this guy's a man."

"Who is he?"

"He's my neighbor."

"Then what is taking him so long?"

"He likes to make an entrance."

"Okay, fine..." Meg snickered. "And you say he's hung?"

"Trust me. I've seen a lot of equipment before but I've never seen a man who could come close to his size."

"He can't be that big," Meg said incredulously.

"He is. Don't take my word for it. Just wait and see," Sophie sipped her beer. "That's the reason why I didn't tell you two about him at first. I wanted to keep him all to myself."

"Bitch..." Meg smiled.

"Right back at you."

"He'd better be hung, for your sake."

"He is!"

"I hope so..." Meg finished off her beer. "He better get here soon."

"And he is," said a raspy, male voice. 

And Meg jumped in her chair like a startled cat. So did Sophie. Meg's empty can was tossed into the wind and it bounced off the floor. Sophie's chair dropped to the floor as well.

"JESUS CHRIST!" Meg exclaimed. Her hands had been flayed in the air and now they were by her side. Her mane of hair was now all over the place so she straightened it. She cursed and soon faced the man who had nearly made her jump out of her skin. "What the hell is-"

And then she saw him. Scruffy and rugged with longish, unkempt hair that was a shade of chocolate brown. He was tall, six foot one or two and that made him look slender even though he was covered in hard, ropey muscles. And he was good looking. Not pretty-boy good looking but rugged good looking, like one of those old school guys who worked hard for a living. He was probably in his thirties or something close to that.

But it wasn't all that caused her to pause, it was his bright blue eyes. They were so clear, such a liquid blue, so mesmerizing. They looked so innocent yet they also looked hurt, as if they bore the weight of the world on a daily basis. Just looking at them made her want reach out and comfort them. But then that pain disappeared. 

"Hi..." was all that Meg could muster.

He nodded.

"You sure did make an entrance," Sophie laughed nervously. "You scared the shit out of us!"

He shrugged.

"I came here as soon as I could, so sorry for the delay," he gave a slight smile and looked at Meg. He offered his hand, "Dave."

"Meg," she took it and shook it. His hand was rough while hers was smooth as a baby's bottom. His grip was very firm and reassuring for some reason. She liked it.

"I see that the two of you are getting along very well," Sophie made her way to the two of them and rested her hands on their shoulders. "And I can see that we are kicking things off to a good start."

Dave eyed her from the corner of his eye, giving her a knowing look. 

"And he knows what we're about to do?" Meg asked.

"Oh, yeah," Sophie, only as tall as his shoulder, reached up and pulled his face down to hers. She kissed him. But it was not a simple peck on the lips but a full open mouthed smothering of the two. She plunged her tongue into his mouth as he did the same. It looked like they were trying to eat each other. Meg watched, keeping herself on a tight leash as they went on like she wasn't there. 

They went on for a while before Meg could stand no longer. 

"Ahem..." she tapped Sophie on the shoulder. 

Sophie took her time pulling herself away from Dave, leaving a long trail of saliva stemming from both their tongues. 

"I'm so sorry, Meg," Sophie giggled and gestured to the stairs that led upstairs. "Let's get going!"

Without hesitation, she grabbed both of their arms and dragged them upstairs to the master bedroom. She quickly shoved them inside and locked the door. She immediately dragged a chair to the foot of the bed and stripped out of her clothes, her breasts jiggling as they were freed from her bra. Her big pink nipples were stiff in the cool air and the rest of her was smooth and soft as she pulled her underwear down. She hopped on the bed and looked at Dave.

"Wait till you see what he's got in there..." she giggled some more.

He shook his head with a smile and glanced at Meg who was watching him with unhidden interest. Then he began to strip. Sophie laughed and her jiggling tits looked very inviting to the both of them. He peeled off his shirt and she cooed softly at the sight of his bare chest and the rippling muscles of his body, and rubbed her boobs with her hands. Dave unzipped his pants, dropped them to the floor, pulled down his underwear, and Meg gasped.

"Now that is what I call a cock," Sophie laughed loudly.

"So do I..." Meg trailed off as she laid her eyes on his penis, her eyes bulging. 

Her heart was pounding. Meg had just laid her eyes on the longest, thickest, hardest cock she had ever seen. Meg's mouth fell open. It hung between his legs, almost to his knees, like a long, fleshy hose carelessly attached to his lower abdomen. At the sight of the naked image of Sophie and the eagerness of the lusty Meg, it came to life, rearing itself up and thickening, ready to penetrate all the awaiting holes that the two girls had. Without a second thought or a hint of a thought, Meg reached out and closed her fingers around the thick shaft. She let out a deep breath through her nose. He was so thick and so hard, and burned her fingers which weren't able to wrap completely around it. She pushed her hand from its head and all the way to the base of his cock, where her fingers brushed through the wiry hair on his mound. She ran her hand up the shaft, feeling his heat through the skin the encased it. It throbbed and pulsed with blood through her fingers. She eyed his testicles and saw something equally impressive.

"God, it's burning up," she said. She moved her hand slowly up and down the shaft. God, how will he feel inside of me if he's this hot?

Dave moaned softly from the back of his throat. 

"Does that feel good?"

"Oh, yeah. Keep doing that," he touched her cheek, running his thumb across her lower lip. The way she stroked him was masterful, showing off the dexterity and skill of the young woman had gathered over the course of her adventures with sex. Looking at her now, he knew that she was going to make him fuck her. "You'll make me harder."

Meg smiled.

"And the better for me..." Sophie fingered herself.

"You'd better believe it," he stroked Meg's lip more firmly. 

She took the thumb into her mouth and sucked it as her stroking of his member went on. She could not bear to take her eyes away from it. It held her gaze as if it hypnotized her. The way it scorched the inside of her hand turned her on, stirring up a deep feeling inside her body, quickening her ever pounding heart. The appendage she held stiffened even more under her touch. It was like there was a steel rod underneath the skin, waiting to burst out. She stroked even faster and reached with her free hand to weigh his heavy balls. She could only imagine the amount of cum that they held inside. Right at that moment she wanted to take him inside her, to feel him poke around in her channel, to feel him bring her to her rapture and to feel him fill her up with his juices.

She licked her lips as she put both hands on him, feeling him up and imagining what he could do to her with that flesh-made rod. She thought about putting it in her mouth and swallowing his load.

So did he. He wanted to shove it into her mouth and have her suck him dry.

"Why don't you blow him?" Sophie said sarcastically. 

She was about to, undoubtedly if it weren't for Sophie. Remembering what she was here for, she let go of him reluctantly and backed off. 

"That's more like it..." Sophie smiled. 

He smirked at the disappointed look that Meg had but knew that it would not be there after he was done with Sophie as it would be her turn then.

He sat on the bed and joined Sophie. The teenage girl grinned at the older man, rubbing her thighs together anxiously, awaiting his divine tool. He pulled her all the way up the bed, so she was lying lengthwise on her back. She raised her head to see what he was doing. He lowered himself between her legs. He fingered her pussy. He pulled his finger out of her cunt and licked it. He dropped his face to her bushy pussy and probed it with his tongue.

" Oooo, I love it when you do that Sophie said, holding her legs spread wide. She dropped her head back to the mattress and her hips squirmed as she moaned, feeling very turned on. She was feeling so loose and easy that she would have no difficulty with an orgasm so soon.

Watching intensely, Meg sat on her chair and bit her lip. You can do that to me too anytime.

Dave licked her soft, warm lips with tender care. Very delicately, with his thumbs and fingers, he spread her lips and exposed her little pink clitoris. Sticking his tongue way out, he lightly rubbed the wet tip on the tiny bump. He wrapped his hands around her thighs to hold her steady and to keep her legs apart. He alternated between spearing his tongue into her cunt and bestowing his skilled attention on her clitoris. Sophie's body was undulating, and she was screaming in a rhythm to match. She must be coming, he thought. He didn't let up until it appeared that her orgasm was passing when her moans weren't as loud, and were longer and farther between.

Realizing he had accomplished what he had set out to do, Dave raised his head with a smile from between her legs and crawled up the bed over her limp body. Sophie looked up and saw him. He towered over her, his hard body obscuring the light from above. She reached out and touched him then looked down. She saw his huge, erect cock dangling between his legs and moving toward her cunt.

"Oh God," she said. She felt as if she was helplessly pinned to the bed with her legs spread and her cunt exposed, and Dave was about to administer a medieval torture device on her, almost like inserting a mace into her womanly parts, and she loved it all. "Don't be shy with that thing... just put it in," she said. 

"As always," he smiled.

She put her hand on her flat belly and moved it down to her mound, where she parted the pink lips of her pussy and held them open. He placed the tip of his bludgeon-like cock at the shiny, wet opening, and pushed. "Hold on a bit, just hold on one bit," Sophie cried. She shifted her hips, raising them a little. "Okay, go ahead."

"Ready now?" Dave asked. The head of his penis was just between the dripping wet lips of her pussy.

"Oh yeah," Sophie grinned. "I'm ready for it." 

"As always," Dave lowered his hips and his cock began to slide into her. 

"Mmmm," she smiled, her eyes closed. All three of them could hear the wet, sucking sounds of her cunt opening to let his thick, stiff shaft enter.

The sounds made Meg tingle all over. 

"What'd you think?" Dave pushed his cock in slowly, holding it in one spot and pumping with short, rapid thrusts, then lowering his weight and sliding more into her.

She felt his warm belly on hers and the firm, round globes of his fat balls pressing against the cheeks of her ass, and she opened her eyes. 

All she could do was nod.

"Have you got it all the way in?" Meg asked.

Dave pressed into her as hard as he could. "Every bit of it, Meg," he said. "Can't you see it?"

Meg nodded wordlessly.

"Oh man, I can feel every bit of it," Sophie cried.

"Good," he slammed his hips into her, his mound banging into hers. He earned a whimper out of her.

Wanting to see if he did have his penis all the way in, Meg adjusted her chair and found a better view of the scene. She saw that his cock was all the way inside her friend. The lips of her pussy were stretched around him so much it looked like he was going to tear her open. But he was going in furiously and she was taking everything. Meg tried to imagine that it was her in that position and the tingling she felt grew, especially around her groin. 

Sophie hooked her legs around him and pulled him down to kiss her. His hips began to pound urgently, and Sophie hips responded by humping to keep up with him. Her tongue swirled with his in her mouth and she writhed beneath him as he pounded his cock into her. She was panting and gasping, holding on desperately. 

Meg saw everything and was having a hard time containing herself. The things that she saw were what she wanted done onto her, the way he fucked Sophie, the way he made her moan and groan. She had never seen her do that before. She had been in bed with her dozens of times with other guys but she had never once seen Sophie react this way. The way his tight ass moved up and down like a hammer was mesmerizing. If he kept this up, she'd be on that bed pushing Sophie out of the way so she could have some of that action. 

Dave was only vaguely aware that they were heading towards the edge of the bed with all their movement, but he didn't pay much attention. All he knew was that his climax was approaching and he was going to fill her with cum.

Then he remembered Meg, who was watching intently. She was here to see an exceptionally erotic scene and he was supposed to deliver it for her. The fact that he was being watched as he fucked this young and horny high school girl by another, equally horny but all the more hotter, high school girl made him want to shoot his load really bad. He increased his pace and kept pumping hard and fast, wasting no time as Sophie was coming, even though she hadn't expected another orgasm but he did expect that. That was why he had eaten her out before, to ease her up so he could fuck her brains out without a thought. She humped with him, feeling the thick pole of flesh plunder into her, and the whole bed rocked and pounded on the floor.

Meg just wanted to see him come.

Suddenly Dave reached his climax. He held on for a few moments, pulling himself out of her immediately in one quick motion and flopped it down onto her flat belly. As soon as his cock came out, she groaned and her legs collapsed to the bed. He grabbed a hold of it and pumped his fist across it fast. Meg watched while Sophie lifted her head to see it. His body jerked in fits and spasms as he released. His load reached all the way up over her belly to her tits and was squirting the vast load that was his cum onto them, which was more than enough to drench them. His ass clenched and he fired more. 

"Shit!" Meg gasped.

"Damn..." Sophie stared in shock as the monstrous cock spewed more sperm all over her. He went on and on. It looked like he would not stop. Long ropes of his cum reach over to her breasts and face, landing there with each spurt. Her eyes shut tight as her face was hit. The hot, sticky, runny stuff ran down and took up residence amongst the crevices and contours of her faces. She loved the feeling that she felt when she was showered with his juices. 

He looked at the alluring Meg, who was sitting on her chair quietly, watching them as he came. He knew just by looking at her that she had lovely tits and a flat stomach that was firm and her hair too was so fantastic to look at. It was so dark and silky and had a sheen to it in the dim light of the room. He would like to cum on her, and splatter his white liquid on her soft tits, her face and her mane of hair. He'd like to cum in her mouth, which was hanging open in fascination. She would look so good with his sperm on her lips, and her mouth would feel so wonderful around him. It was an experience he wanted to enjoy.

Meg only watched, lost in the moment of raw sexual activity. But he knew her thoughts were the same as his. 

The shower began to finally die down let the rest squirt on her belly and tits, his cock laying on her lower belly and pubic mound. She felt the end of his orgasm and had to see him. Panting, she opened her eyes and looked up at him through the mass of her brown hair, then down at the streams of pearly, white sperm on her skin.

"That was the best..." she moaned, running her fingers through his cream.

"I'll say..." Meg commented.

Dave smiled at her. She was covered in thick splotches of white and translucent fluid, from her face to her stomach and both her breasts were dripping with it. There was even some in her hair. She took his cock in her hand and rubbed it through the cream that covered her. He bent down and licked up globs of cum off her tits. He collected it all in his mouth and inched forward toward her face. She and Meg looked at him. He moved like a cat on the prowl, his eyes looking deep in the eye. They studied his face, his eyes were dead set on Sophie and his lips and chin were smeared with his cum.
