 My wife and her friend Louise normally spend Saturday mornings together. They like to gossip and generally hang out together. Louise often brings her daughter Dana along with her. I could never figure out why a twenty year old woman would want to spend time with two middle aged women. 

When all those women are in the house I like to go out on the back patio. It was a hot August day and I shed my shirt to soak up some sunshine. I sat down in one of the lounge chairs and closed my eyes. I am not sure if I drifted off or not, but I heard a woman's voice.

"Do you mind if I join you Jess?"

It was Dana standing before me. I had to avoid looking too closely. Dana had a tight shirt on and her tits were pressing on the material. I hate to admit it, but I often thought what it would be like to have Dana in bed with me. My wife had turned off the lovemaking tap and I had to use my hand to relive the pressure, so to speak.

"Have a seat," I told her.

Dana started to talk, but I wasn't hearing a thing she said. My eyes were focused on her body. If I didn't know better I thought I could see camel toe pushing on her tight shorts. That made my cock twitch. I could also see that Dana was trained on my cock. My bulge was showing and she was obviously looking at the outline of my dick.

We weren't sitting there very long when Louise came out and said she was ready to leave. I might be wrong, but Dana didn't want to go. Was I making all this up in my mind? Did she have a thing for me? Anyway the women left and I let all these fantasies drift away. 

The next week went by and my wife said she and Louise were going on a shopping trip that Saturday. I love it when I have the house to myself. Like the weekend before I went out on the patio to sun myself. I wasn't out there fifteen minutes when I heard the doorbell ring. Damn, I couldn't catch a break it seemed. I went to the door and there stood Dana.

"Can I come in please?"

I let Dana into the house. She said she was bored being by herself and she hoped I didn't mind the intrusion. I was half drooling, to be honest. Dana was wearing a halter top and her boobs were showing from below. She had another pair of tight shorts on. I had to believe this was all for me. I asked her if she wanted something to drink and she said she didn't. I knew I had to take advantage of this situation.

We were standing so close to each other. I asked her my question.

"You were looking at my cock when you were here last weekend, weren't you Dana?"

Dana's face went crimson. I knew I had caught her staring at my cock. She didn't say a thing so I walked over and pulled the top up over Dana's body. Those large breasts came free. My wife was practically flat chested compared to Dana. I lowered my face and I took a large nipple into mouth. Dana let out this moan. I felt her hands on the back of my head. She was urging me to continue.

I took turns sucking on one nipple and then the other. I got both of them rock hard. I stopped and stripped down. Dana had her eyes planted on my cock. I was half hard and I knew she wanted me. I pulled the rest of Dana' clothes off and then moved her over to the dining room table. I lifted her up and then spread her legs apart. I moved closer and I took my prick in my hand. I rubbed my mushroom over her damp folds and then I slid inside her.

Dana let out this feline moan that said she wanted my cock inside her. I slowly fed her inch after inch of my shaft. I have to say that Dana felt so good. Her pussy was tight, unlike my wife's. Dana also wanted cock really badly. I took hold of her ankles and I lifted her legs up. I began to pump hard into Dana's sweet pussy.

I must have lost control of myself. I started to pound my cock deep into Dana's tunnel. It was like she couldn't get enough of me. We must have fucked there on the table for a good half hour. I could feel myself getting close. I told Dana I was getting ready to cum. 

"Don't pull out!" She told me.

I knew I should pull out and I had no idea if Dana was on birth control or not. I was fucking her with my bare cock. There was no time to decide. I arched my back and I blew a load of my seed into Dana's tummy. You should have seen her face when she felt me explode inside her. Dana flexed her pussy muscles and she squeezed my erection. I just kept filling her up with my baby oils. I could almost picture my cream mixing with her fertile eggs.

I must have gave Dana five or six good squirts of my cum. I watched as Dana was shaking from all that fucking. I kept stroking her pussy until I finally got soft. I pulled my dick out and watched as my love cream came spilling out of Dana's pussy. It was the hottest thing I had seen in a long time. Dana finally stood up and went into the bathroom. A few minutes later she came back out.

We weren't finished, however. I led Dana back to the spare bedroom. I got onto my back and Dana mounted me. I took hold of my cum stained cock and Dana lowered herself onto me. It went so much easier this time around. My cream was still coating her walls. Dana began working up and down on my cock. I was surprised that I was still hard for her. I reached up and took hold of Dana's tits. I squeezed those mounds and my fingers found her nipples.

Dana was bouncing up and down my rod and crying out from the fucking she was receiving. I couldn't believe my luck that my cock was inside this hot woman. We went at it hard. I brought my ass up and I met Dana as she dropped down hard onto my erect prick. We went much longer this time around. The result was still the same. I shot more of my seed into Dana. It just seemed like she couldn't get enough of my cock that day.

We finished up and Dana was kissing me on the lips. She said that she had been fantasizing about me for a long time. Yes, she had been dressing to try and turn me on. I guess it worked. I made sure I got Dana's phone number so we could set up meeting together. It was difficult at first. My wife and Louise were always around, but I finally was able to get a cheap motel room for us to meet in.

I made up some lame excuse to my wife and then drove over to see Dana. It started out with Dana taking me in her mouth. She worked her lips up and down my rod until I was rock hard. We fucked in every position you could imagine that afternoon. I found out that Dana was head over heels in love with me. She said she wanted me to impregnate her, so we could be together forever. Like a fool, I went along with her wishes. I never used a rubber and Dana never got on the pill.

I know one day soon I am going to have to ditch my wife and take up with Dana on a permanent basis. I guess you could say her pussy is just so damn addictive.