 We're in an alley, and you have me pushed up against the wall. There is a well-lit street only a few feet away, with people passing by, but it's night, and dark where we stand, no one can see us...

You hold my hands against the wall beside my head, and we kiss. Maybe you'll fuck me here in this alley, maybe you'll have me suck you off, but not just yet, right now we make love with our lips.

We start off with just soft little presses, mouth to mouth, rubbing, learning the shape of each other, then nipping, sucking, licking as we lose ourselves in it.

I lick inside your top lip, then kiss/suck it, you bite my lower, pulling it out making me lean towards you, still held back by my hands pinned to the wall.

You suck my lip into your mouth, still softly biting, making me moan. I grind myself against you as you nibble it, aching to touch you, but loving the way you control my body at the same time.

You let go of my lip and unleash our lust, my head banging against the wall with the force of our mouths clashing, tongues tangling, bodies pressed together. 

I am so aroused by now I am dripping, unable to keep still, hips twitching, aching for your touch.

You drag my wrists up higher, till they meet above my head, and you whisper to me to hold them there as you begin to slide your hands slowly back down, down the sensitive insides of my arms, my breasts, my waist, around to my ass and then further, my thighs, the edge of my dress. 

You rest you hands there, just under my dress, running your thumbs along the edge of my panties, sometimes on top, sometimes sliding underneath, as you continue to ravish my mouth, my neck, my jaw, my ears...

I'm struggling to keep my hands up, to resist running my fingers through your hair, digging my nails into your shoulders as you bite and the suck my neck.

You hook your fingers into the top of my panties and pull them, sliding your hands down to grasp my cheeks first, then pushing halfway down my thighs. I'm panting with need, aching for you to touch me there, to feel my slickness, my heat.

You pull back suddenly, letting go of me completely, leaving me against the wall bereft of your touch, dazed by the absence and unable to catch my breath. 

You wait until I look you in the eyes, hold my look and say "Knees, kitten." My pussy clenches at these words, my mouth waters. Yes.

I slide down the wall to kneel on the dirty alley pavement, uncaring of the damage it does to my thigh highs. I look up at you as I reach for your zipper, flicking open the buttons and sliding it down, rubbing you though your jocks before pulling them down too.

I can't help but break eye contact when I free your cock, it's so beautiful I could look at it all day. I grasp it firmly at the base and pull it down to my mouth, rubbing my lips over the head, loving the silky hot feel of it. 

I open my mouth and suck, just the head, rubbing the tip of my tongue against it, looking back up at you. You have both hands back on the wall, your head thrown back, a grimace of pleasure on your face. I love that I can do that to you.

I begin to jerk you with my right hand, sucking you further in, still watching you. I've been grasping your thigh with my left hand for balance, but now I slide it up to start playing with your balls.

I've managed to get about half of you into my mouth by now, right hand just holding as I work you in and out as far and as fast as I can. I suck hard as I slowly pull off, letting your cock pop out. You look down at me, questioning why I'm stopping.

I grin and flick my tongue against the underside of the head, slide it all the way down to the base, then kiss and suck your balls into my mouth as I begin jerking you off again. 

You smile, "Now, now kitten, stop playing with your food... swallow it all like a good little girl"

I lick suck kiss my way back up, wrap my lips around the tip and begin to see just how much I can take, sucking, swirling my tongue against you as I slowly take more, pulling back till you almost pop out, then sliding back down.

I'm grasping your hips now, as you begin to fuck my mouth, taking over the movement. I try and keep pace, to take you all in, but I'm starting to gag, tears welling up, spilling down my cheeks. 

I'm looking up at you as you reach down, stroking my hair back from my face to let me know you know I'm trying, let me know I'm pleasing you. I moan from the joy/pain.

I can feel you start to come as you grasp my hair and hold me still, shooting wad after wad down my throat, so much I can't swallow it all and it starts to leak out, running down my chin, my neck, into my cleavage.

You let go and lean against the wall again, chest heaving, and I rest my head in your groin, not touching your cock, just leaning there with my eyes closed, breathing you in, clinging to your legs, recovering from your use, my panties still halfway down my thighs, my pussy still drenched...

I can't wait for the next course...