 'Tis The Season

It was two weeks until Christmas and Lindsey couldn't have been more excited. She loved Christmas. And every year, two weeks before the holiday, she went out all day and did her Christmas shopping. It was tradition -everyone in her family knew this and so did Paul. So when Lindsey got home with bags upon bags of gifts, and Paul freaked out, she was not only confused, but immediately got on the defense.

"Paul, its Christmas! I do this every year!" Lindsey drew her brows together, putting the bags of gifts away in their closet, "I don't know why all of a sudden you're getting worried. I'm not putting us out of our apartment or anything."

Paul sighed heavily, sitting on their bed, "It's not that." he groaned, "Its just... now that we're sharing an account now-"

"So you think I'm spending your money?"

Paul rose his brows, "My money is in there too." he pointed out.

Lindsey crossed her arms in front of her chest, "Paul, you were the one who suggested that we move in together. You insisted on paying the rent by yourself. You suggested that we put out accounts together." she sighed, looking down at the floor, "You also told me to stop saying 'your money' and 'my money' because now it was 'our money'."

Paul stayed silent, knowing everything she was saying was true. "Yes I did, but baby..." he sighed, running his fingers through his hair, "Your budgeting really just... kinda sucks."

"My budgeting sucks?" Lindsey countered, storming into the bathroom to wash her face. "How about you and your stupid electronics! You have to have the best TV. The best stereo. The best speakers." she chuckled lightly, rolling her eyes.

Paul glared at Lindsey, standing up to follow her into the bathroom. "That's my only vice, Lindsey. I know that -I admit it, okay?" he mumbled, "But you shop, and you get your nails done, and your hair done...and you shop, and shop-"

"And I also have a job!" Lindsey defended, drying her face roughly, "I make money too, so why don't you stop with this 'holier than thou' bullshit! I tried to convince you so many times to let me pay for part of the rent, but you always tell me it's under control! Stop making me feel like shit!"

Lindsey sighed heavily, leaning back on the bathroom counter. "I'll take everything back." she murmured, biting her bottom lip. "I just can't help it, during Christmas."

Paul sighed, grinning and stepped close to his girlfriend, holding her hips, "You don't have to take my present back." he teased.

Lindsey glared up at Paul and pushed him away, "You're not making me feel any better, so stop being an asshole. I feel like crap. You always make me feel like crap about money." she sighed, "I know I don't make as much as you do, but I was getting along just fine before you."

"Okay, yeah that was stupid to say." Paul admitted, running a hand through his hair, "I just get worried about money...you know how I am."

Lindsey turned away, facing the bathroom mirror, and fixed her hair, pulling it up in a ponytail. "You only started getting that way when we combined our accounts." she said softly.

Paul pressed himself against her back, wrapping his arms around her waist, "I hate when you pull your hair up." he sighed, "I like it down."

Lindsey caught Paul's eyes in the mirror and smirked, "I know." 

"Smartass." Paul grunted, kissing her shoulder softly. "Don't take the present's back." he sighed, "It's Christmas."

Lindsey turned around in his arms, pulling his head down so she could capture his lips in a soft kiss, humming lightly when he deepened it, tugging her hair out of the ponytail. "I had no intention of bringing anything back" she whispered against his mouth.

Paul chuckled, lifting Lindsey up to sit on the counter and moved his finger up her ribs, tickling her. "Really?" he laughed, raising his brows.

Lindsey tilted her head back and laughed, wiggling around on the counter, "When do I ever listen to you?" she squealed, "I do what I want!"

Paul rolled his eyes, bending down to kiss and lick her neck, still tickling his girlfriend, "You do what I say." he chuckled against her skin, lifting Lindsey's shirt up, over her head, he tossed it behind him.

Lindsey managed to get away from Paul, squealing playfully when he grabbed her around the waist, tacking her to their bed, "That's different!" she laughed, cupping his face between her hands, "God, you are so hot, baby." she smiled, saying it as if she just now noticed.

Paul glared at Lindsey playfully, wrapping an arm around her middle and pulled her sharply against him, "Aren't you lucky?" he teased, pressing himself against her.

"Paul, your parents are going to be here in a little while...I have to make dinner." she reminded him, biting her bottom lip.

Paul kissed down her chest, "You can make it when I'm done with you." he said softly, now removing her bra.

Lindsey drew her brows together, "I hate when you do that." she grunted, pushing hard as his chest.

Paul rolled off Lindsey, and onto his back, where he sighed heavily. "Do what?" he groaned.

Lindsey straddled his hips, pinning his arms above his head, "You talk to me, or about me like I'm some sort of possession. I can make dinner when you're done with me?" she asked, pressing her nails into his wrists. "You know what? You can make it when I'm done with you."

Paul smirked up at his girlfriend, "I can't cook."

"Well you better learn quickly." Lindsey smirked back. "Because I'm not cooking. I'm sure your parents will understand."

"I hate when you talk to my mother about our sex life." Paul groaned, trying to sit up. 

Lindsey pushed him back down. "She's a Sex Therapist!" Lindsey chuckled. "She doesn't care!"

"I do." Paul shot back.

"Fine." Lindsey bit her bottom lip, "I wont ask her questions anymore...I'm sorry about that. It must be awkward. But who else was I suppose to talk to?"

Paul grinned, finally getting up enough to switch Lindsey on her back, so he was hovering over her "Me." he said simply, kissing her lips softly. 

"I can't talk to you about...you." Lindsey chuckled, "And your mother knows everything about sex. Everything. And I was new to it..."

Paul groaned, "Enough talking about my mother. I'm trying to hold an erection here." he pressed himself against her to emphasize his point, while he took one of her nipples into his mouth, tugging on it with his teeth playfully.

Lindsey bit her lip, moaning lightly. She ran her fingers through his hair and sighed, closing her eyes as Paul teased her breasts, he always knew how to touch her. "Not fair." she gasped, arching her back. "You always are on top."

Paul licked down her abdomen slowly, taking his time as he slid down Lindsey's skirt, "You like when I'm on top." he reminded her. 

He licked along her panty line, kissing and nipping at her sensitive flesh there, getting sweet moans from Lindsey's lips as he did so. "You love when I'm on top. You love when I'm pounding into you, pulling your hair and saying awful things to you." he said darkly, then started licking at her hot core through her dampened panties, so close, but not close enough to her flesh there.

Lindsey whined softly, pushing at her underwear, "Paul...come one, please." she panted, arching her back.

Paul chuckled, scraping his teeth across her panties, "Please, what?" he asked, digging his tongue into her through the wet cotton.

Lindsey propped herself up on her elbows, looking down at what Paul was doing, "Fucking take the trash out and clean the bathroom, Paul." she glared at him, "What do you think?"

Paul chuckled, his eyes widening slightly, "Someone's feisty tonight." 

Lindsey sighed heavily and flopped down on her back, clearing her throat, "I hate when you-"

"You hate when I do a lot of things, don't you." Paul said quietly. It wasn't a question.

Lindsey scrubbed her face with her fingertips and sat up, sliding off the bed and pulled her skirt back on, then grabbed one of his sweatshirts lying on the floor. "No." she sighed. "I have to make dinner."

Paul took his shirt off, sighing heavily while he listened to Lindsey in the kitchen, moving around pots and pans. He tossed his shirt into the hamper and looked around their bedroom, running his hands through his hair and scrubbing his scalp roughly. Everything with Lindsey was always hard. A relationship was hard. But he loved her so much, he really did. When was the last time he told her? 

His stomach dropped a little bit when he remembered what his mother use to tell him about love -your partner needs to know that you love them. She had to know. Of course she had to know. Paul groaned, he was never one to talk about his feelings and all that bullshit.

He walked into the kitchen of their small apartment to find Lindsey standing in front of the stove, her shoulders slumped, in a defeated sort of manner, every once in a while, pushing her hair out of her face. She was so beautiful. Paul really didn't deserve her. He knew that. He was an asshole, and she was a good person that really, honestly deserved a good person to be with.

"Lindsey?" Paul sighed, standing next to her. 

She looked up at him quickly, and he noticed her eyes were slightly red -probably from keeping tears down. "What?" she asked softly.

Paul took a deep breath and wrapped his arms around her, moving to stand behind her. He rested his chin on the top of her head, "I love you." he whispered. "I'm just... I dunno."

"Scared?" Lindsey supplied, turning around to wrap her arms around his shoulders, "I love you too, Paul. I love you so much. I'm scared too. It's okay to be."

Paul grinned, moving the pot of soup off the burner and lifted Lindsey up onto a part of the kitchen counter where nothing was, "I'll mess what that later." he told her, pointing to the soup.

"Paul, you can't just-" Lindsey began, laughing.

"I do what I want." Paul reminded Lindsey in a high pitched voice, making her laugh. He reached under Lindsey's skirt, pulling her panties slowly down her legs. "And what I want..." he trailed, capturing her lips with his in a heated kiss, sliding his tongue against hers slowly, "Is you."

"They're gonna be here at six." Lindsey moaned as Paul slowly slid down to his knees, pulling her jean skirt down on his way.

Paul shrugged, "That gives me about an hour."

"Ah..." Lindsey sighed, tipping her head back, when Paul spread her lips apart with his fingers, taking one slow lick of her pink flesh he loved so much. "They're always early." she gasped.

"Half an hour." Paul nodded, "So leave me be. I'm concentrating."

"Don't strain yourself." Lindsey mumbled.

Paul chuckled, then dipped his head again, tracing small patterns against her clit with his tongue and sucking at the swollen bundle of nerves softly. Lindsey arched her back and cried out, biting on her lip, her hands immediately reaching backward to grip onto the cabinet door handles. She pushed her hair out of her face and bucked her hips slowly with Paul's pace.

He slipped a finger inside her heat, crooking it to hit that sweet spot that always got him the best reactions. Immediately she responded, jerking her hips and gasping for air, trying so hard to control the volume of her voice. He hated when she did that -she always had the hardest time letting herself go. Fortunately Paul was patient when it came to her sexual qualms and had talked to his mother about it -that was an interesting conversation.

"Oh god, Paul!" Lindsey gasped, burying a hand in his hair, "I...I"

Paul grunted, giving Lindsey's clit one more hard suck before standing up quickly and dropping his pants as fast as he could, sliding his erection into her tight heat slowly and pushed up the sweatshirt she wore, so her breasts were bared to him. He bent down and took one of her nipples into his mouth while he pushed in and out of her body, breathing heavily. He didn't have much time.

Lindsey leaned back on the counter, one hand behind her, balancing herself, the other still buried in Paul's hair as he teased her breasts, pumping in and out of her slick channel. She groaned and gasped softly, biting at her lips to keep as quiet as possible. He abandoned Lindsey's breasts and kissed her lips hard, pounding into her body roughly, while he gripped her hips, the tip of his cock hitting her cervix every thrust. She whimpered and gasped with pleasure mixed with slight pain from how rough Paul was with her sometimes -but she loved it, there was no denying it. 

"I wanna hear you." Paul rasped against her mouth, plunging into her harder. "Fucking scream for me, Lindsey." he breathed.

Lindsey tightened her legs around Paul's waist and tightened her inner muscles, letting out a quiet. low moan, "So close." she whispered.

Paul bit down on her shoulder, reaching between them and rubbed at her clit with his thumb, "Come for me." he panted heavily.

Lindsey bucked madly beneath him, crying out loudly -she wasn't able to keep it in anymore. "Like that...yes, like that..." she chanted breathlessly as Paul changed his angle slightly, still rubbing at her clit. 

"You like that?" Paul asked, smirking as he pounded into her, nipping at her shoulder, "You won't be able to walk right for days after this, baby." he panted.

"Yes...yes..." she continued to chant softly, screwing her eyes shut. 

Paul pounded into her almost violently now, grunting heavily with every thrust, he removed his hand from working her clit and spread her legs as far as he could, moaning loudly when she scratched her nails down his chest. Lindsey's toes curled, and she tightened her inner muscles more, clamping down on Paul tightly.

"Fuck." Paul grunted loudly, reaching back down to her clit, rubbing and pinching it.

Lindsey yelled, wrapping her arms around Paul's neck tightly and shook from her orgasm, barely able to catch her breath. Heat spread through her body and she tried to bring her legs to wrap around Paul, but he held them apart, still thrusting into her body. So overwhelmed, Lindsey sobbed out several cries from her orgasm and fought harder to bring her legs together, still shaking.

"It's okay." Paul rasped against her ear before falling into his climax as well, buried deep within her. He let her legs go and wrapped his arms tightly around her middle, kissing her collarbone, "Its okay." he repeated, breathlessly.

Lindsey panted heavily against Paul, every part of her so sensitive to the touch, "Holy shit." she breathed.

Paul chuckled, slowly pulling out of Lindsey's body, making her shiver. "Yeah." he nodded, running his hands up and down her thighs, trying to soothe her muscles. "You gave in." he pointed out, kissing her lips gently, "See how intense it can be if you just give it." Paul kept his voice quiet and helped Lindsey off the counter.

"Oh." Lindsey gasped, clinging to Paul. "My legs!" she laughed, "I can't walk."

"I'll carry you." Paul grinned, scooping her up in his arms. 

He carried her to their bedroom and set her down on the comfortable bed, kissing her forehead softly. He pulled on a pair of boxers and black basketball shorts, and found a towel, running it over his head quickly. He would have to shower later, since he didn't have time to right then.

"I'll go heat up that soup." Paul said, "You take a shower, or do whatever you need to do."

Lindsey nodded sleepily, reaching her arms out to her boyfriend. Paul chuckled, and went to her, softly tacking her to the bed, and covered her mouth with his. Lindsey wrapped her arms around his neck, and her legs around his waist, bringing him flush against her as she kissed him. Their tongues slowly battled for dominance and Lindsey moaned into Paul's mouth when he sucked on her tongue. She tightened her legs around him and smiled against his mouth before biting at his lips, earning a grunt from Paul.

"Okay...okay." Paul breathed, pulling away from Lindsey. "As much as I want to do this..." he said, looking at Lindsey's body longingly, "My parents are gonna be here soon."

Lindsey nodded, letting Paul go and smirked, "Alright, but as soon as they are gone...prepare yourself. You've got a long night ahead of you."

Paul chuckled, bending down to kiss her gently on the lips, lingering there for a few moments as he cupped Lindsey between her legs pressing with his fingers gently. She was still sensitive there from her powerful orgasm, so she gasped and arched her back beneath him, "You've got a long night ahead of you." he grinned.

Paul broke away from Lindsey once more, and headed back into the kitchen, putting the soup back on the stove burner, he stirred it a little and sighed, smiling softly to himself when a knock at the door brought him out of his thoughts.

His mother Gaby Harlow and father, Stephen Harlow, stood in the doorway. Gabby was carrying the roast chicken she said she would bring, a smile gracing her pretty face. Paul noticed she cut her hair to above her shoulders, the auburn locks swaying slightly as she walked to the kitchen, while she placed the chicken on the counter. Paul's father hugged him briefly, and took a seat at the kitchen table with Paul, both men listening to Paul's mother ramble on about her day at the office.

"Um...Pauly?" Gabby paused, looking down at the kitchen floor. She bent down and picked up Lindsey's jean skirt and panties that were discarded there earlier. Grinning at her son, she shook her head, "I knew it smelled like sex in here."

"Mom!"