 Larry learnt about the bridge lessons from an old friend. He had always liked cards and hadn't seen much of his friend in the last year so it seemed like a good idea. He met John at the advertised location and the lessons began. His friend, John, always had to race off to his Saturday afternoon job after the lessons which left Larry at a loose end.

Inge had seen the lessons advertised in the local paper and thought it might be good to take up an indoor hobby. She arrived at the first lesson on her own and sat where the teacher sent her. To her it just seemed like another card game and she couldn't really see what the big deal was. You don't have euchre lessons or cribbage lessons, so why bridge?

The class teacher had prepared some special hands for the class on declarer play. The dummy was encouraged to stand behind the declarer to see how they played the hand and to make it easier to discuss afterwards.

Larry was very pleased to be paired with the buxom Inge for the class on declarer play. The first hand was played by the opposition. The play gave him an opportunity to secretly study her ample assets. On the second hand Inge was declarer and Larry stood behind her, looking over her shoulder. He had been looking forward to this because he thought that under cover of studying her hand he could give closer study down the front of her blouse.

Because Inge had to play the cards from dummy she was constantly reaching across the table and then leaning back in her chair. Each movement meant that the tops of her breasts jiggled in a most pleasing manner. After drawing trumps she leaned back and looked up at Larry "Should I play Diamonds now"? Leaning back almost forced Larry's gaze straight down her blouse. There was no doubting that her bra was black and made of a delicate lace.

Larry leaned forward to touch the Clubs in her hand "Do you think this suit might be better"? He had no idea what he was talking about but he got to brush his arm against her soft blonde hair and look across inside her blouse. He was trying to spot if any nipple was visible but didn't succeed.

Larry played the next hand and Inge stood behind him to watch his play. Larry could feel that Inge was standing closer behind him than seemed necessary. Was she intently looking at the cards or was she giving him a different kind of signal? Pretending to think, Larry leant back in his chair. When he reached back with his left hand to rub the back of his head as though he was thinking he hit the jackpot. His fingers "accidently" brushed against her breast. Hmmm, that was when Inge leant forward to touch his Clubs which had the effect of pressing her breast quite firmly into his hand "Do you think you should take a finesse in those?"

Larry was totally fixated on the feeling of Inge pressing her breast against his hand. He looked up at her "What's a finesse again? That was last week's lesson wasn't it"? Tilting his head meant that the backs of his finger rubbed over her breast. In fact, he distinctly felt her hard nipple making itself known. Concerned about being too obvious Larry brought his hand down and sat forward a little to break the contact.

After the class, John raced off to his job as always and Larry noticed that Inge was talking to the teacher. Larry took his time collecting his book and notes and waited outside, trying to look innocent. When Inge came out on her own she saw Larry and came over to him. "I was right", she chirped happily, "the teacher said the Club finesse was the right thing on that hand".

"I'd forgotten how to do that. Hey, do you have time for a coffee and maybe go over last week's lesson with me?" he boldly blurted before giving himself time to get nervous and tongue tied.

"Sounds good to me, I might get something to eat as well. I skipped breakfast."

Finding a quiet coffee shop they sat down next to each other and started going over the notes from the previous week. Larry had carefully positioned himself so that he could steal glances through the opening in her blouse. It seemed easier than he had thought it would be to get a good view of her large, ripe breast nestled in her delicate bra. In fact, he realised that another button was undone. "Did that happen by accident or has she done that on purpose?" Larry wondered.

"I wish we could do that exercise with some real cards rather than on paper." Larry was trying to show that he was paying attention to the repeat lesson and not just imagining the fun he could have with those luscious titties.

"This actually seems a bit weird now but I didn't know if we had to supply our own cards or not so I put a pack in my handbag before the first class. They're still in her somewhere." Inge rummaged and produced a pack of cards like magic.

As Inge started setting up the hand she said, "Move to the other side of the table so you can play the hand and I can be dummy".

"Damn, damn, damn" thought Larry "why did I suggest playing with cards? I was enjoying the view where I was".

As he moved his chair Larry wondered if the pressing of the breast against his hand, the hard nipple, the eagerness for coffee and the extra button undone all added up to something.

Larry played the hand and worked out how to make the finesse. "You're a good teacher", he said. "Was that too cheesy? Don't blow it" he thought.

"My turn" said Inge as she gathered up the cards and started to set up for the next hand. Playing as declarer she leaned back in her chair as if she was in thought, contemplating the cards. Larry decided that he had received enough signals and he was going to try his luck. Only wearing flip flops it was easy to rub his bare foot against her ankle.

"I wonder how I should proceed" Inge mused out loud. Spreading her legs slightly told Larry that she wasn't just talking about the cards. He hooked his foot around the silky skin of her calf and ran his toes up the back of her leg. Looking from above the table anyone would think that Inge was studying the cards before her with great concentration. In reality she wasn't even seeing the cards but was concentrating on how to 'play' the guy sitting opposite her.

Reaching the underside of the chair Larry slid his foot around to the inside of her knee and further up to her silky thigh. "How far is this going to go?" was all he could think.

As Inge played a card from her hand she said, "Do you think I should play low or rise as high as possible?" Larry decided she was not talking about cards.

As he moved his toes to the top of her thigh he said "I think going high would be best. Do you have an entry available?"

Inge stared straight into his eyes as Larry's toes felt the fabric of her panties. It felt smooth to the touch and maybe a little warm. Inge leant back further and pressed her hot pussy onto his toes though the thin fabric of her panties. "The finesse is quite a delicate play" she said "I quite like it delicate"

Bringing his mind back above the table Larry fished for words "I think delicate play might take a bit of practice. Have you got time to go into this more deeply?"

"Yes" said Inge with a wink. "Same coffee shop next week?"

"Oh, OK. If you like." , spluttered Larry. His cock felt the disappointment.

