 The first thing I saw as I entered through his office door was him, sitting at his desk, some papers and folders spread out in front of him and the glow from his computer screen reflecting off his shirt. His smile was all I needed to see to know that he didn't mind me dropping in on him unexpectedly. As I approached him, he turned his chair to get up, but I leaned over to kiss him before he could get to his feet, pushing him back down. My kiss was a little harder and a little more urgent than a "hello" kiss usually is, but I didn't linger long enough for him to respond. I moved to the back of his chair, leaned forward pressing my full breasts against the back of his neck and put my arms over his shoulders and my hands on his chest.

I lowered my head to his ear and whispered, "I've been thinking about you all morning and I really needed to come and see you, to feel you against me, to feel you inside of me. I wanna fuck your brains out, here, now!"

I felt his body tense as my words registered in his mind. He spun his chair around and stood up, put his arms around me and pulled me towards him. Our lips met and the kiss was immediately passionate and full of desire. My fingers went directly to his belt and I undid the buckle, the fastener on the waistband of his pants, then lowered the zipper. His cock was already semi hard and I hadn't even touched him yet. I lowered his pants and his shorts, releasing him from the confines of his clothes.

I crooned, "Ahhhhh...I love to look at you, to watch you grow and get hard in my hand."

I gently pushed him back into the chair and kneeled in front of him. My hand was wrapped around his cock, stroking him. His erection was becoming harder and harder by the second. I could feel him swelling under my touch. I bowed my head down and slowly and lightly ran my tongue over the head of his fully erect rod. I opened my lips and covered the entire head of his cock, sucking him inside of me. He felt my lips moving down his shaft. My tongue was swirling around and around and I could feel the soft head pressing against the roof of my mouth. I looked up towards his face. His head was resting against the back of the chair, his eyes were closed at that moment but when I applied a little stronger suction and lightly grazed my teeth along his shaft, I heard him gasp as his hips raised up off the chair. He opened his eyes and looked down at me and watched me make love to his beautiful cock. 

On his desk there was an almost full cup of coffee; I could see the steam coming from it. He must have poured it just before I arrived. I moved my head backwards, taking my mouth away from his cock, but I continued to stroke him. A small wicked smile formed on my lips and I reached for his coffee. I took a small sip, then a larger one, holding the hot liquid in my mouth for a few seconds before swallowing it. His eyes widened in anticipation. Immediately I put my mouth back over his cock while watching the smile on his face and heard his deep groan. His hand came to the side of my head when my fingers reached under his balls to lightly scratch the sensitive area between his anal opening and his balls. I could feel the wetness between my legs; I was as excited as he was. 

I stood up, looked deep into his eyes. I took a small step backwards and gave him my best sexy, seductive smile. I had wanted to go to him braless, but my titties are too big for me to go out without a bra. I'd chosen a soft, lightweight blouse and a lacy push-up bra that barely covered my nipples. I pulled the bottom of my shirt from the waistband of my skirt and undid the bottom few buttons. His eyes were glued to my upper body. Next I undid the top button, which exposed my cleavage and the swell of my breasts over the top of my bra. I teased him a little bit by hesitating to undo the last button that was holding the blouse together between my tits. I finally unfastened the final button and pulled my blouse back over my shoulders. 

His eyes lit up when he saw the intricate lace barely covering my very erect nipples. The top halves of my areolas were visible and very bumpy from my obvious excitement. I undid the front clasp of my bra and pulled it open exposing my titties to him. His eyes where focused directly on my tits as I put a finger from each hand into my mouth making them wet with my saliva. My nipples were already erect, but touching them with my wet fingers made them jut out even more. He reached out one of his hands to replace mine and he placed his other hand on the back of my thigh jerking me towards him. I bent over from my waist to kiss him and felt his hand slide up the inside of my thigh. Our lips were joined when his hand reached the top of my leg and I felt him smile when he realized I wasn't wearing panties.

With his one hand kneading my ass, the fingers of his other hand pulling on the nipples of my dangling tits and his lips and tongue at my mouth, I was on fire, aching to have him inside of me. I stood up, turned my back to him, pulled my skirt up and made an exaggerated lean forward as I straddled his thighs. His large hands squeezed the cheeks of my ass and pulled them apart. He leaned forward and licked through the crack, pausing to swirl it around a little bit over my rosebud. His arms reached around my hips and his fingers parted my swollen pussy lips and gently touched my clit. He noticed the tremor that went through my body. 

Pulling me downwards, he guided his cock to the opening of my pussy. I started to lower myself down onto him; the head entered without resistance. I attempted to tease him by moving downwards slowly, but he placed his hands on my hips and in one firm thrust, he was inside me all the way. I began bouncing up and down in a rhythmic motion on his long, thick cock. I had to reach out for support from his desk when he reached around me and began squeezing my tits and rubbing my clit. The leverage from the desk allowed me to thrust harder and faster. My unattended breast was bouncing up and down with each movement. The pressure from his lips and fingers was increasing and I knew he was concentrating hard not to cum until I was ready. 

I heard myself moaning and repeatedly saying "Oh Yes! Oh Yeah!" 

From behind, I heard his sexy voice telling me, "C'mon Sweetheart, cum for me!" 

A few more thrusts and he knew I was about to cum. His hands moved to my hips, helping to control my movements and I felt his fingers tighten. 

"NOW! Baby, Now!" I cried

He lifted his hips right up off the chair, lifting me with him when we both climaxed. 

The muscles inside my pussy contracted around his cock as he jerked his hips upwards with every squirt of his cum. I fell back against his chest and let my body relax. When I started to feel his cum running out of me, I reached up to caress his cheek, turned my head and kissed him.

We sat like that for several minutes, enjoying the closeness of each other and recovering from what we had just shared. When I felt his cock begin to slide out of me, I stood up and straighten my clothes while he got dressed again. Just as we both finished getting presentable, his next client arrived in the outer office. 

I kissed him, smiled and said good-bye. As I was leaving, I hoped that his client didn't realize why I was so flushed or what caused that wonderful sexy grin on his face.