 We crashed through the door awkwardly, I'm not sure you can do it gracefully when you are all over each other like we were. My hands running up and down his back, feeling as much of his muscular frame as they could through his tight grey shirt. I could feel his hand doing the same to my back, teasing my as they traced my spine from my shoulders all the way down to my ass electricity coursed through me at his touch, it was like my blue dress wasn't even there. 

We stumbled into his college room in his shared flat the door shutting behind us, finally alone, my mind thought in excitement. I'd been waiting for this for most of the night, ever since this tall, handsome man in my arms had introduced himself so confidently at that bar, and now after almost four hours of teasing I was like putty in his strong hands. 

I'd needed this so badly tonight, it had been almost a month since I was last conquered and my blue dress was my lucky dress when it came to getting a man. Tight in all the right places it hugged and accentuated my curves with no shoulders and a deep plunging neckline showing off my E cup tits to perfection and then moving down hugging my hips and thick ass beautifully. 

We carried on kissing, our tongues dancing with each other's in our mouths. His hands ran up my back taking hold of the zip of my dress he pulled down, unzipping me his hand ran from my upper back all the way down over my ass until I felt the dress come apart. He let go running his hands up my back his touch sending electricity through me as he caressed my bare skin. I moaned very softly as we kissed, my dress now only held up between our bodies. He broke the kiss gently pushing my back he allowed my dress to fall to the floor leaving me in front of him in nothing but my red thong. 

I stepped back towards him capturing his lips in mine again as I unbuttoned his shirt pulling it off him, I felt my soft tits pressing against his hard chest as my hands roamed over his bare muscled back. I was so excited now I could feel my thong getting wet. He held my close, kissing me more passionately he moved us over to the bed. He gently pushed me down so I was sat in front of him, my eyes no in line with his bulging jeans. I looked up at his handsome face as I reached forwards taking hold of his belt, I undid it, holding my eye contact with him I popped open his jeans pulling them down he stepped out of them. 

I moved my hands back to his groin running them over the bulge in front of me, it twitched as I touched it. Desperate to see it properly I hooked my fingers into his boxers pulling them down. His semi hard cock sprang out in front of me, I dropped his boxers to the floor and wrapped one hand round it starting to jerk it off. I heard him moan softly as I felt his cock start to get harder, I bit my lip as I watched the foreskin peel back and reveal the head to mw as I played with him. I leaned forward kissing the head before taking it into my mouth I could still feel it getting harder as I bobbed my head up and down his growing cock. My tongue swirling round him massaging the head as I sucked him in deeper each time. I heard him moaning above my making me smile round his cock, I love making men feel like that. I kept pushing taking more and more of his cock into my mouth each time. It felt so hard in my mouth now. 

I felt a hand grasp the back of my head and start to gently push. I tried to relax my throat tried not to gag as he kept pushing my head onto his cock. I could see it disappearing into my mouth as it slid further and further inside me I gagged slightly as he kept pushing his cock entering my throat now sliding down and cutting off my air supply. I gagged again as my face pressed against his crotch and he moaned "yessss." softly. He held my head in place his hands gripping my softly yet firmly. I was at his mercy in that moment, his cock had cut of my air supply and I wasn't strong enough to pull myself off him. 

Finally, he let go, I lifted my head off his cock and gasped for air. He smirked down at me as he picked me up and pushed my further back on the bed. opening my legs, he pulled off my thong, throwing it to the side. He got on top of me, I could see his huge cock hanging between his legs, it must have been 9 inches long and 3 fingers thick. His lips captured mine in a kiss as his cock rubbed against my wet pussy. I ached for him to enter me in that moment, desperate for him to fill me with that glorious cock. 

I wrapped my arms round his neck and our eyes locked. I felt his cock push against me as he started to move his hips. "Fucccckkkkk" I moaned in pleasure as he suddenly rammed his hips forward shoving his cock balls deep inside me. I was so wet that he just slipped inside stretching me open like it was nothing. I felt so full, so dirty, I was such a slut being so ready for a stranger's huge cock like that, it turned me on even more. 

He leaned back towering over me, his cock buried inside me as he lifted and spread my legs. His hands grabbed my waist as I looked up at him and he started to move his hips. My blowjob had clearly made him horny because there was no mercy. I gripped the bedsheets for support as I held on for the ride. He pounded me hard, his cock driving in and out of my pussy as he fucked me. Hs hard cock rammed inside me with each thrust splitting me open, his balls slapped against the base of my pussy as he went to the hilt each time. My head fell back as he fucked me and I moaned loudly, my eyes closed from the pleasure his cock was driving into my pussy, it felt so good to be fucked like that. 

His right hand left my waist and started playing with my breast, squeezing it firmly, I moaned again as he squeezed the feeling of his rough strong hand grabbing my soft breast sending a jolt of pleasure through me. I opened my eyes looking up at the man fucking me, my eyes begging him to carry on driving his hard cock hard and deep inside me. I grabbed my other breast with my right hand squeezing it alongside his hand, biting my lip as I made eye contact with him. 

He smirked down at me as he continued plowing my pussy, knowing that I was at the mercy of him and his long thick cock. His hand moved from my breast and gripped my waist alongside his other hand. Holding me tight he fucked me harder thrusting faster, driving his cock hard inside me. My breasts bounced with each impact as I moaned in time with each thrust. "Oh God yes! Fuck me Jason!" I moaned screaming out his name as he sent me into a world of pleasure. God it felt so good to be fucked like that, for a man to take me in this way. 

Suddenly I felt myself cresting his hard fucking sending me into a peak of pleasure, my moaning stopped as I peaked, I just lay there mouth open eyes rolled back as his cock continued to penetrate. One final hard thrust was all it took, he held himself inside me as I was overwhelmed. The cresting wave of pleasure broke over me sending orgasm throughout my body. Fireworks exploded in my head as it ripped through me causing my body to shake and spasm. I was dimly aware of my mouth moaning deep and long in pleasure as I came hard over his cock. He held me in place, his cock buried in my as I shook with each wave of pleasure that rippled through me. I finally started to come down, my shaking turning to twitching as he pulled his cock out of me and I lay looking up at him through my post orgasm satisfaction and haze.