 2007.

Thirty eight thousand feet above the Atlantic.

I can feel her looking at me and I check my watch again; three hours till we land. I'm dressed in jeans, combat boots, an Epoch tour shirt and my old army jacket, which I thought would keep me relatively disguised... I was wrong. I tried to avoid getting spotted by getting a red eye flight as well and going solo... so much for that.

I check her out out of the corner of my eye; She's in her late twenties... looks to be in good shape... nice legs... she's in a business suit. It's black, and her blouse is white, unbuttoned at the top for comfort, her skirt is above the knee but just. Her hair is black and her eyes green, with a warm smile. She looks at me and flips open her magazine again, once more looking at me. I turn and smile at her, giving a small wave.

She blushes and looks down, tipping the magazine for me to see; it's me on the beach in Monaco... my shirts off and I'm coming out of the water. I'm cut, tipping the scales at two thirty, most of it muscle. I rub my chin and look around. Seeing no one looking, I lift my t-shirt quick and give her a view of my abs, just like in the picture, my wife's name just starting to rise above my jeans and she chuckles blushing, her grin widening. I laugh and so does she; I lean on the arm rest and sit back, admiring her as she tries to act like she's gone back to her magazine, fiddling with her hair.

"Hey," I whisper and she acts like she didn't hear me.

"HEY," I whisper again, louder this time and she looks up, giving a faked, quizzical nod.

I pat the seat, giving her the "come here" signal and she looks around unsure; the first class is empty and dark except for the two of us. I pat it again and turn to face her sideways as she shifts out and towards me. "Thanks," she whispers, settling next to me nervously and I chuckle, "No problem, my names-," but she cuts me off with a laugh, "I know who you are... my names Jan."

"So what clicked for you," I ask, smiling. She laughs lightly again, fiddling with her hair, "This is silly I know... but it's your eyes."

I laugh low and lean in to her, "What about my eyes?" She covers her face and stifles a giggle, "I've always liked bad boys... you know... the ones moms warned us girls about? You have eyes like that... they say "dangerous"... I hope you take that as a compliment?"

I laughed quietly and tilted my head against the seat, watching her closely, "I've heard that before and yes I do, I guess." I tap her magazine with my picture in it and grin, "I would have thought it was the tattoo's."

She laughs quietly, shaking her head, "Those too... the more the better."

I nod at the magazine, "What do they show in there?" She flips it open to my picture and then through a few pages; it's an article on my wife Nikki and I, filled with a pictorial of our time in the spotlight and several half truths about our lives. She shook her head embarrassed, "This stuff... I know it's mostly lies...".

"Some of it," I say softly, "Do you have a question?"

"Oh God, no," she said, shaking her head nervously, flipping her hair, "I wouldn't...".

I chuckle and brazenly take the magazine from her, flipping through it, "No questions at all? You'll read the magazine but I'm right here and you won't ask me anything?" She looks nervous, worried that she insulted me and I pat her hand and smirk, "Relax... go ahead, ask me something. Anything."

"Ummm," she starts slowly, "How many kids do you have?"

I smile at her slowly and tilt the magazine to her slowly, showing the picture of Nikki and I with Domino on a street in LA, "Says one here...". She bites her lip and looks down, unsure of asking what she heard, "I know... I've... they say...".

"Ahhh," I sigh quietly, looking around and finding the first class area still empty, "You heard about the "nanny"?"

"Oh God no," she says assuredly, "I wasn't going to-".

"It's OK," I say, amused, still flipping through the magazine, "I did not impregnate our nanny." I had impregnated Melody, my wife and I's girlfriend. Our boy was two also.

She laughs and nods, "I didn't think so, really and if you did it's none of my business...".

I tilt the magazine with a grin and show her my picture from the cover of Rolling Stone; I'm shirtless(again) and in jeans on stage at Donnington. I'm pointing out at the crowd and my wife's there also, in short shorts and a star spangled bikini top. The focus of the picture is me though and clearly depicts several of my tattoo's, "You like that?"

She blushes and fiddles with the neck of her blouse grinning, embarrassed, "Can't say I don't...", I laugh and so does she.

"Can I ask you," she starts and I nod, flipping through the magazine still, "What does your tattoo say? The one above your...?" I grin lewdly and wink at her, "You want to know?" 

She nods, biting her lip in anticipation. "You want to see," I ask and her eyes turn to saucers, "Are you serious?" I look around and nod, "I can show you if you like... it's not that low on me...". She smiled nervously but her eyes had a devilish look to them and she flipped her hair back, "I... I can't believe this... OK, yes... show me...".

"Come closer," I whisper, turning towards her and she scoots forward. I chuckle and sit back, "Go ahead," nodding down to my button fly; she turns three shades darker and laughs, "Are you serious?" I shrug and give her a big grin, "Your option honey... if you want to see it, ya gotta get to it." She bites her lip again and her eyes glint devilishly again; she knows I'm flirting... and she likes it... even wants it. "OK," she says quietly, her eyes darting back down to my crotch.

She reaches down and unbuttons my fly, slowly tugging loose each button. I lifted up and she gave a tug, slowly working my pants down. I smiled and nodded as her nails ran across the front of my boxer briefs, "Pull down my underwear." Jan changed two shades of red and looked around nervously but still bearing that devilsh look in her eye, scooting closer before reaching out, unsure. She could see half the lettering but couldn't make out the whole word; She licked her lips in anticipation and hooked her fingers in my briefs, slowly pulling them down. The stark black lettering against my tan skin stood out, spelling in big tribal letters "NIKKI". 

Jan let out a long sigh, followed by a whispered, "Wow...Nikki...," her fingers slowly tracing the tattoos full length. She bit her lip and sighed, "Did that hurt?"

"Nah," I said with a grin, "and she loved it... she ran her fingers along it the same way."

"Like this," she murmured, her fingers tracing the tattoo again and I sighed, nodding. I felt myself reacting to her touch and my briefs slowly started to tent as she repeated the movement, her eyes locked on the tattoo in fascination and almost hunger. I groaned slightly and shook my head, "Jan... that feels real good... if you keep that up I'm gonna need some help... if you know what I mean...".

Her eyes dropped suddenly to my slowly tenting briefs and inhaled sharply, her movement not slowing, "Oh Jesus...". She seemed to stop for a second and then bit her lower lip, suddenly sliding her thumbs down, over my briefs, tracing the shape of my cock through the black material. I inhaled sharply at her touch but sat back, enjoying the feeling.

One, two, three, four inches and on she traced down, whispering in surprise when she hit seven inches and found me still longer, "Oh Eric... you are so... long...". I chuckled and nodded, "Thanks, I know... it's bigger if you hold it in your hand...". She laughed low and turned scarlet, stopping suddenly and looking around at the deserted cabin. She laughed again and ran her hands through her hair, giggling nervously, shaking her head, "I-I can't believe this- OK. Alright... I'll do it..."

Again to my surprise, Ja reached down and dipped the front of my briefs low, taking a hold of my cock and pulled it out. She held it out between us and gave a nervous laugh when she saw it in all it's glory, "Oh my God...".

"What," I ask, mildly confused.

She fixed me with a serious look, "Eric... it's a fucking baseball bat. I've seen a few dicks in my time and this- it's thicker than my wrist." She shook her head when I laughed and put her other hand on it, slowly beginning to work it back and forth, in a testing manner. She bit her lip in concentration as she set to work, occasionally looking around nervously. 

"That's it...," I said, settling back as she took up the pace, working silently, biting on her lower lip in concentration, "...nice and slow baby..." Her left hand slid down and cupped my testicles gently, giving them a firm squeeze, feeling their weight as her other hand continued to pump me at a steady pace. "Mmmm...," she purred, her eyes locked on my cock, "... that feels so thick... you must... it must be hard to...".

I tugged the blanket out from the storage spot in front of us and opened it up, covering her hands as she continued to manipulate me. "Scoot closer," I murmured and she did as I tugged the blanket over her shoulder. I turned and rested back against the window, spreading my legs a little wider for her, "You wanna try?"

She knew what I was suggesting and she looked around again nervously, whining but her hands not slowing, "I do... it's just if someone walks in...". I touched her chin and her eyes met mine, "I pay enough for them to not say anything. Go on... give it a try...". She stifled a giggle and nodded, blushing again, "OK." Her head dropped down and I pulled the blanket over her head, patting her gently.

I felt her breath first, hot and shallow; then her tongue as it snaked out and ran along my frenulum, the underside indentation where my head meets the shaft and then up and around, lathering the glans with her tongue. Her tongue dipped into the tip, the urethral opening and then again, wrapped around, lathering me again.

I felt her slide over me, putting just the head in her mouth, her tongue hungrily swirling around it and I sighed, closing my eyes, "Fucking nice...". She choked back a giggle and then pushed down, her tongue sliding under the shaft of my penis and she swiftly took in four inches of me, her throat closing around me tight.

I put my hands under the blanket and ran them through her hair, whispering, "Nice Jan... wow... that's a good start...". She murmured an approving sound and slid up again, inhaling as my glans cleared her throat and once again, dipped down.

She swallowed another half an inch farther, her free hand squeezing my testicles gently her tongue slid back and forth under my shaft. I reached under as she came up again and I swiftly unbuttoned the next button on her shirt as she again dipped down, adding another quarter inch to her depth. She steadied her pace and as she came back up each time, I unbuttoned another button until her blouse lay open to either side, a full black bra the only thing between me and her full breasts.

I dipped my hands into the cups and she gasped as my palms ran over her nipples; they were taunt and she gasped again when I pinched them softly. Her mouth, still full and accepting more with each dip, groaned as I took each orange size breast in a hand and squeezed firmly. "Jan," I hissed, rolling them in my hands, "you have nice tits." Again she dipped, taking now six and a half inches in with a grunt.

I sat back and lifted the blanket, gently turning her head up to meet my eyes. She pulled back and I popped out of her mouth, a long strand of saliva and precum roping between her mouth and my cock. Her breath was shallow and she continued to jack me up and down, her pace increasing now. "You like that," I asked, grinning down at her and she nodded, groaning in pleasure, squeezing my balls firmly. 

"You want some more," I asked, running my thumb along her jawline and she nodded again and whispered, "A lot more Eric." I turned my head quizzically, "More what?"

"More of your cock," she cooed hungrily, "I love it." I pulled her head forward and she swiftly engulfed me again; I cupped the back of her head and helped her movement, guiding her firmly and laid back. "That's good Jan," I said quietly, "because I have plenty to give you."

She continued to drive on and three minutes later finally squeezed the rest of my nine and a half inches into her throat. Slow and steady, she worked until I pulled her back and tilted her chin up again, "I need more baby."

She looked around but by now was too wrapped up in the moment, "OK...". She stood up and I helped her hike up her skirt. With a silken swish, her panties dropped down to her ankles and she kicked out of them as I pushed up her bra, causing both of her firm breasts to drop out; I pinched each nipple and she groaned, balancing herself on my shoulders as she go up, straddling my waist. 

"The blanket...," she murmured and I nodded, pulling it up around her and to her shoulders. I held her hips as she rose up, her eyes meeting mine and for a second, she smiled guiltily.

"I can't believe I'm fucking a rock star on a plane...," she murmured in my ear and I chuckled as I nudged her labia majora and whispered back, "Mile high club baby...". She laughed and so did I until I slipped past the minora and she dropped down onto four inches of hard, corrugated cock. 

"Oh shit," she groaned as still more slipped in and I unclasped her bra and nuzzled into her neck gently. I chuckled and nipped her ear, "I got more for you...," I said as she dug her nails into the head rest of my seat. "Oh... Jesus... wait," she sighed, her breath coming ragged and her thighs trembling, "So... big." I palmed a firm breast and leaned back, dipping down to take a long, pink nipple into my mouth. She nodded her head and ran her hands through my hair, her teeth clenching in a low hiss and closing her eyes in concentration. I rolled her slender nipple through my teeth gently and suckled and she sighed, slowly lowering herself down onto me another inch.

Then two.

Then three.

"You like that," I murmured and she nodded, her eyes still closed in concentration as she held me fast to her nipple and my tongue again rolling over it. My free hand cupped her generous ass and I squeezed it, feeling her firmness; not equal to my wife but good. Real full.

Again, she dropped down in halting moves, every inch causing her to sigh or whimper until I felt her small landing strip rub up against my groin; I was all in. "Side to side," I murmured, pulling back and holding her hips, "Just rotate first...". She needed no directions though and set to it with a slow pace, her hands sliding down to my shoulders and squeezing my deltoids, feeling the muscle. "Fucking big," she sighed, her eyes still closed as she sped up, rolling her hips against me.

She was tight, incredibly so but I am big, measuring in at just under ten inches. It took a level of concentration to maintain this pace but I did so, watching her work and exploring her body. My hands slid from her hips and up, cupping each orange sized breast and squeezing; back down and behind to squeeze each of her ass cheeks. I gave one a firm smack and she inhaled sharply, lifting up and pushing down suddenly in surprise.

"Nice," I murmured, "Ride that dick."

"Fucking big dick," she cooed, her hands running up and grasping the side of my neck as she rose up again and pushed down onto me, nearly splitting her in two. Her face showed concentration as she left the rotation and focused on the up and down, dipping her head down, her breath coming shallow and her back covered in a sheen of sweat.

"Don't stop," I whispered, my hands sliding along to her front. One hand slid up her soft belly, not as toned as my wife's but still really good. My other hands slid down and she leaned back, her pace increasing as my thumb slid through her landing strip and found her small clitoris, firm and jutting out. I put my thumb to it and she moaned as my other hand grasped her breast firmly, squeezing.

"Fuck me," I whispered and she whined, her speed increasing; she was amazing and I felt her lock down on me as she neared her breaking point. "Fucking tight Jan... that pussy is tight...," I hissed, trying to hold back but losing the battle. She held me like a glove and I was going to lose it before she did...God she was fucking amazing.

She whined again and suddenly locked down, her chin to her chest as she drove down on me; she liked the dirty talk and she was close. Her pace picked up as my thumb circled her clit and I squeezed her breast hard.

"Come on Jan... make me cum. Make me cum in you," I groaned as I felt it rise, unstoppable, "Here it comes... I'm gunna fuckin' explode in you, you little whore-," and then I did.

I cried out and pounded up into her, causing her to cry out in surprise and pain as the first splash of my seed hit her. She ground down onto me and leaned in as the second splash hit her and then her own orgasm struck. I felt her teeth sink into my shoulder as she gave a muffled cry and I yelped, the last of my seed pushing into her.

I could feel her vagina pumping away at me as she rocked forward, her knee's sinking into the seat cushion as she whimpered again, her hands squeezing my shoulders. Her pulsating sex slowly dissipated in frequency and finally, out of breath and shaking, we sat facing each other, both covered in a faint sheen of perspiration.

I chuckled and held her against me, "Your good Jan." She laughed, pulling up the blanket suddenly very conscious of her nudity, "Not bad yourself." I held her, running my hands along her hips again and around to cup her ass in my hands. 

I rocked her gently and whispered, "Another round?"

She laughed, more nervous now and dodging my eyes, "I don't think that's a good idea Eric... if a stewardess comes in...". I leaned back and nodded, "I get it. It's too public."

She lifted up and I slid out of her; when she dropped down again, my swollen and still firm member flopped against her stomach. She giggled, looking down and took me in her hand, giving it a squeeze. "You are so lucky I can't have you to myself when we land...".

"Why," I asked, amused, enjoying her hand on me.

She leaned in and whispered, tugging on her blouse quickly, "Because I'd take you to my suite and fuck you till tomorrow."

I ran my hands down her ass and nuzzled her ear, whispering, "I'm not getting picked up until tomorrow afternoon." She giggled and leaned back, putting her hand to my chest as she stood up, "No way!" I nodded, "Yes way... and if your serious...".

She leaned in and kissed me rudely, her tongue seeking mine lewdly; her hand worked ay my prick, her thumb running over the head. She pulled back and looked at the precum on her finger before delicately inserting it into her mouth. She pulled her thumb out with a pop and dipped down to get her panties. I grabbed them up before she could and pocketed them, "Those are mine."

She guffawed and then sat down next to me, tugging down her skirt. Reaching under the blanket now on my lap, she took me in her hand, slowly working my dick up and down.

"I don't think so," I said with a chuckle and she looked at me confused. "Not until we land," I said, picking up my copy of Skymall, "Go take your seat." She sat back, her look still quizzical, "Are you serious?" 

I grinned, leaning over to her ear and whispering, "Back to your seat lady."

"But...," she started, her hand still resting on my cock and I leaned in again, my hand sliding between her legs and up her skirt lewdly.

"Jan," I said openly, "I want you to go back to your seat...".

"But...," she started but I again cut her off.

"Then," I said with a smile, running my finger along her labia,"I want you to think of all the dirty things I'm going to do to your little body when I get you to my room...".

She bit her lip and turned a shade darker; I continued, slowly rubbing my finger along her damp, pink slit, "I want you to think about all the dirty things you wouldn't let anyone else do to you and how your going to beg me to do them to you, OK?"
