 I get erections when I don't want to. It's no problem if I'm driving or behind a desk but it can be embarrassing when I'm out in the open. I can't control when it happens. My mind just gets triggered by something and I get sexy thoughts and there it is. It can happen in just a second or so. I'm sure it happens to other guys but my mind must be hornier than most because it happens to me really often.

It's the kind of thing that traditionally happens to teen age boys. But that's not me. My next birthday I'll be forty. And it isn't like I'm lacking a sex life. My next anniversary with my wife will be sixteen years. Our oldest, a boy, is likely getting close to experiencing similar embarrassing moments. 

After sixteen years, sex with my wife is not as passionate and often as it was at the beginning, that's true. But it still happens with regularity. I desire her and she certainly acts as if she still desires me. I can get an erection watching her lovely ass as she moves around the house. That often means I come up behind her and reach around and fondle her breasts as I press my erection into that ass. That can mean she turns around and we kiss and move to the bedroom for some action, or, it can mean she turns and smiles and tells me "later" because she's in the midst of taking care of our children and house and meals and laundry and so on. Since we first had sex about a year before we married, neither of us has been with anyone else. Well, I know I haven't and am as sure as possible about my wife, although it's not something that I would ever ask her about.

So, here I am at work, standing in the outer office near some file cabinets and an event from some porno story I read hits my mind and, boom, it's fully up, hard, stiff, tenting my trousers. My secretary looks at me and says, "Is that because of me?"

I interviewed several women and chose to hire Gretchen. She's smart, knows how to do everything in the office that I want done, can proceed on her own with minimal instructions, is pleasant and open. I've never experienced any malicious gossip from her or devious attempts to influence me in the year and a half she's worked for me. We get along fine. She's about three years younger than me, married with two children. She's not unattractive. I'll admit I hired her at least in part because she looks good. Not a sexpot but more like a nice looking girl next door with a trim, athletic body. She's probably six inches shorter than me. I'm not fat at all, try to stay in shape, but I'm bulky compared to her; she's on the small and slight side of things. I don't think I'd ever had a sexy thought about her. I mean she's attractive enough to have sexy thoughts about but our relationship had always been completely business.

So when I hear that, "Is that because of me?" I sort of panic. "No," I say immediately, probably a little too quick and too loud, "I just thought of something I read a day or two ago."

"That's too bad," she replies, "I was hoping I could still manage to arouse somebody."

I realize I have to say something more. I mean, we're like friends as much as working partners. "You're plenty attractive, Gretchen, I imagine there are several guys around here that letch after you. It's just that this time, you weren't the cause." Shit, that probably isn't a smart thing to say either. I have no idea whether there's anyone that's hot for her other than her husband. And then it slowly comes to me that perhaps that's her problem, her husband doesn't have the hots for her any more. What do I say, or do I say nothing since I've probably screwed this up to begin with.

"Give me names and IDs, please. I may be ready to take them up on whatever they have in mind."

Fuck, now what do I say? I don't have any names and I don't think I'd hand them out if I did. "Problems at home?" As soon as I say it I wish that I didn't. I don't want to get involved with her personal problems. I need to keep our relationship strictly business. I've got to work with her every day.

"I don't know," she says, "we've just been married too long, I guess. It's as if Harry has no interest in me any more. It either doesn't happen or else it's just a quickie that leaves me more frustrated than ever."

Now what do I do. Whatever else, this has sure got rid of my hard-on. I can't just tell her, ‘That's too bad,' and walk away can I? And I sure don't want to try and act like her marriage counselor. I'd screw that up for sure. So I take a step toward her and put my hand on her shoulder, "This is probably just temporary Gretchen but the company has psychologists on retainer if you think some counseling would help."

"I think a really hot affair would do me more good," she says and then grins at me, "but, yes, I'll get over it, so thanks and I'm sorry I ever mentioned this. It's probably embarrassing for you."

Well it is, of course. "That's o.k., any time you think I can help, I'll be there for you." I tell her and then go into my office.

I get another hard-on because now I'm thinking that I've never cheated on my wife but what if I did? Could I fuck Gretchen? I don't think so. Maybe if I met some sexpot on a trip and had a one night stand I could pretend it didn't mean anything and go right on with my wife. But I couldn't have a one night stand with Gretchen. How do I do that and still see her every day at work. She'd think there was something more to it, I'm sure, and that would screw up our whole working relationship. Danger! But it does mean that I'll never see Gretchen the same way. I'll some how connect her and sex from now on. I ‘m even thinking that she's probably a really good fuck with that trim, healthy body. Shit, I wish this hadn't happened. 

But it has happened. And I think maybe Gretchen had never thought about me and sex before either but now she has. We both tiptoe around each other more that we had in the past. It's obvious to me that she is and I suspect it's obvious to her that I am. We're more formal, less casual.

This company has a Christmas party. It's the kind of employees-only party that most companies have probably got rid of. There are plenty of stories about sexual escapades and drunken screw ups from years past. The company actually closes at noon the day before the Christmas holidays start and everyone moves to a hotel ballroom for the company party. Food and drink are provided free of charge, plus dinner followed by dancing. It's stupid. For one, the police could arrest almost everyone that left the party to drive home. They'd be drunk. And mixing drinks with a lack of husbands and wives is asking for trouble. It's fairly common to rent a room in the hotel, to spend the night and go home the next day, sober. Or even just go home late after sleeping it off for a few hours. If sleeping is what you've done; fairly many spend a couple hours having extramarital sex from what I'd heard. I'd been to four of these before and I rented a room tis time. Not for sex but to be sure and leave for home sober. I explained the whole thing to my wife and she knew my plans and agreed with me. She'd rather have me home late and alive than have me drunk in a wreck.

So, three weeks after the little episode with Gretchen, we're both at the Christmas party with perhaps two hundred others. I tried to pace myself but definitely had more to drink than was good for me. Gretchen acted as if she'd had even more. After dinner, during dancing, it's apparently traditional for the boss to dance with his secretary at some time or another. I mean, there's dancing and yet there are no wives or husbands there so who else are you going to dance with? So Gretchen and I are on the floor, it's a slow number and she's right up against me. I can feel her body against me and I have no control over my reactions and get a raging erection. It's pushing right into her and I can't hide it. If anything, she seems to press closer.

"That is because of me this time," she says. What can I say? It is because of her. So I say nothing. I just keep dancing. I have to admit, it's pretty sexy with her pressed up against me, our legs almost going between each others. I don't know how, by accident or by her leading me when I didn't realize she was, but we end up on the far side of the dance floor from the tables and most of the people. There are others dancing, all between us and those at the tables. She holds my hand with one of her hands but her other hand moves. I can feel it pushing down between us. She gets hold of my zipper and pulls it down. Her hand slips in and I can feel it feeling around to get through my boxers and all of a sudden she's holding my bare cock in her hand. We're still standing up, probably look like we're dancing if anyone cares, but she's feeling my cock. 

"C'mon," she says, as she pulls back a little, letting go of my hand but not my cock, and she leads me to a door. This ball room has a stage and on either side of it is a door at floor level; I guess to be used to get on the stage. Earlier, our President had spoken to us from that stage but now it's dark. She opens the door and pulls me in by my cock, and closes the door behind us. It's dark but not totally black, there's diffused light reflecting in here from the large ball room beyond the stage. There's a chair and she pushes me around and says, "Sit."

Next thing I know she's on her knees, my fly is open and my cock out and she has hold of it with one hand and her mouth. She's giving me a blow job. She interrupts herself and looks up at me, "I used to do these a lot in high school. You have a great cock." and then she's back down sucking on me and jerking me with her hand, and bobbing her head up and down. I don't even bother telling her when I'm about to cum because it's obvious that she wants it. And she does. She swallows everything with lots of slurping and licking afterwards. 

What's the old saying, ‘In for a penny in for a pound'. As she sits back, I stand and move around and pick her up by her arm sockets and lift her and turn her around to sit on the chair. "Your turn," is all I say. I kneel down between her legs as she had earlier between mine. I lift her skirts up and she helps, lifting her butt a little to get them up and out of the way. I get fingers under the crotch of her panties and pulled it aside. I waste no time on preliminaries, I lean into her and get my tongue into her and start licking and sucking. When her vaginal opening seemed to soften a little I move my tongue and lips up to her clit and slide a finger into her. As I work on her clit, I get a second finger into her. It doesn't take her any longer than it had me and she's soon cumming. She stays fairly quiet, I can tell she's purposely holding it in so as not to attract attention. We're out of sight but only a few yards from other people.

I sit back some. "We're in for it now," I say, "so we might as well move up to my room for awhile don't you think?"

She sits there in the semi-dark, her skirts bunched up, her glistening pussy facing me, and breaths several times that I can hear. "Yes," she finally says.

In the room, our clothes are gone and she's on the bed naked and I'm atop her and my cock is pistoning in her. She is a good fuck. She really enters into it. She's loud, she's pushing back, we're bouncing on that bed. I have no idea what we're going to do when we get back to work after the holidays. But right now, I think I want to turn her over and get at her doggie style.