 This chapter is a continuation of Ericka's adventures with Mike. If you haven't read the first chapter, I'd encourage you to do so before proceeding with chapter two. The Ericka's Adventures series will follow her journey of sexual awakening through college and beyond and will touch upon various themes including group sex, lesbian sex, interracial sex, light bdsm, pregnancy risk, infidelity and cuckolding. I hope you enjoy reading about Ericka's Adventures as much as I enjoy creating them. And there just might be a little fact hidden within the fiction...

***

It was early in the fall semester of Ericka's freshman year of college when she met Mike at Jen's party. A friend of Jen's boyfriend Matt, Mike was a senior and attended a different university some thirty minutes away. It was Ericka's first sexual encounter of any kind at college and it was having a profound effect on her. Ericka was steadfast in her belief that college was for education, first and foremost. Partying, boys and anything else for that matter were secondary and wouldn't distract her from her objective. Except for the three weeks since she sucked and jerked Mike off, his magnificent cock was all she could think about. She found herself distracted in class, distracted when with her friends and distracted when she was alone at her apartment. At least when she obsessed about Mike's cock in her own place she could do something about it. And do something she did. Ericka was no stranger to masturbation, having started exploring her body in her early teens, but she was by no means a serial masturbator. Getting herself off once or twice a week was typical. The Mike incident changed that dramatically. Ericka was getting herself off multiple times each day as she recalled the events of her night with Mike and fantasized what it would be like to be fucked by his big, fleshy cock.

Ericka hung out with Jen a few times each week since her night with Mike and each time she had hoped Matt would be there with Mike in tow. Matt made a few appearances, but to Ericka's disappointment he was always alone. Ericka wanted to ask Matt how Mike was but she knew she would seem desperate. Perhaps it was a one time thing and she missed her chance to be fucked by him. Still, she couldn't stop thinking about what was and what might have been.

With each passing week her hope for another rendezvous with Mike faded. She finally made it through an entire day without really thinking about Mike and was headed to Jen's apartment complex for some partying and pool time after class to get the weekend started. It was late afternoon on a fall Friday and it was unseasonably hot still. The girls were hanging out when Ericka arrived, swimming a bit, drinking some cocktails and catching the last of the rays for the day and probably the season. After a while, Ericka was surprised to see Matt show up as Jen hadn't mentioned he was coming to town to visit that weekend. Her spirits lifted and her hopes were rewarded when she saw Mike was in tow. 

Hugs were given all around as the guys arrived and Ericka tried to play it cool as Mike leaned in and hugged her. At 6'5", Mike was nearly a foot and half taller than Ericka's petite 5' frame, and she blushed as his huge flaccid cock pressed up against her belly through his board shorts when they embraced. The guys quickly joined in the festivities in an attempt to catch up to the girls who had a few hours head start on the partying. After a couple hours dusk had settled upon them and the temperature started to cool considerably.

"It's fucking cold, let's move to the hot tub," Jen suggested.

The group followed her to the hot tub which was tucked around the corner from the pool and integrated tastefully into the landscaping. Jen and Matt entered first and nestled close to one another. Kim followed, choosing a spot beside Jen. Next Mike slipped into the steamy water but veered right toward Matt, and leaving Ericka as the last to enter. Ericka quickly evaluated her options. If she sat beside Mike, would it be too obvious to everyone? Did they somehow know about her infatuation with his big cock? If she sat beside Kim, would Mike take that as a signal that she wasn't interested? Ericka had committed to herself three weeks ago that she wouldn't miss a chance to fuck Mike if another opportunity arose, so she took a few gingerly steps into the hot water then, once she was fully in the hot tub, turned right and slipped in beside Mike.

The group continued the lighthearted conversations from the pool and the cocktails continued to flow. After a few minutes, Ericka felt Mike caressing her leg. While she feigned interest in the group's discussion, at that point all Ericka could think about was the huge cock beside her, with just a thin pair of swim trunks between her and Mike's monster. The hot tub lights were turned off and with all the water action of the jets, Ericka felt confident that nobody could see a thing below the surface. Emboldened by Mike's first move and the belief that she could reciprocate without the others noticing, Ericka moved her hand toward Mike's crotch. 

Ericka couldn't believe what she felt. Mike must have known he had her under his spell because he already had his cock out. Ericka tried her best to hide her reaction, which was a mixture of shock and excitement. Her fingers explored his cock and while Ericka could tell he was still mostly flaccid, even in that state his cock felt bigger than any cock she had experienced before. Mike started to grow in Ericka's hands as she slowly stroked him. Ericka adjusted her body and the motion of her arm so as to not draw attention to them. As Mike's cock gained more length and his thick, veiny shaft grew to fill her tiny hand, Ericka was so turned on that she put her drink on the ledge and slid her other hand between her legs. She started rubbing her clit through her bikini bottom, intermittently stopping to take a drink in an attempt to keep up the façade that nothing was going on beneath the water line. 

Again tipsy and feeling the effects of the hot water, Kim excused herself from the hot tub to return to the apartment. Perhaps sensing a break in the group dialogue, Jen and Matt started making out. With Kim gone and the other couple preoccupied, Mike's hand moved from Ericka's leg to her pussy. He found her hand already there and placed his atop hers. Like a puppeteer, he moved her hand around her clit, and encouraged her fingers in and out of her slick pussy. A few moments later, Mike moved aside Ericka's hand, then her bikini bottoms and slid a couple of his own, much larger fingers inside her. 

Ericka had never been that wet before and as Mike fingered her she could feel her orgasm building. She was focused on how to control her reaction if she were to cum a mere four feet from Jen and Matt. Lost in her worries about remaining nonchalant while having an orgasm, Ericka subconsciously began to pump Mike's now rock hard cock faster and faster. She was suddenly snapped back to reality when she felt him begin to throb and she could tell he was cumming. As before, she continued jerking him through his orgasm. She couldn't imagine of all his cum floating around in the hot tub while Jen and her boyfriend sat across from them. Since they weren't paying attention, she continued gently stroking him and furiously scanned the surface of the water for evidence of what she was certain was another massive load of thick, white cum. Fortunately, the swirling and bubbling of the water from the powerful jets created a froth that would mask the mess they just made for the time being.

Ericka continued to slowly stroke his cock and, to her surprise, even after cumming he stayed erect. She continued sliding her hand up and down and he continued probing her moist pussy. Ericka was incredibly turned on and wanted to do do more than just manually stimulate one another. As if her unspoken wish was granted, Jen and Matt's make out session had intensified enough that at that they excused themselves to "go get ready to go out later", once again leaving my Ericka and Mike alone. Ericka knew they were obviously going to go fuck and she relished her newfound privacy with Mike, 

as her thoughts drifted to the chance to slip away to her apartment with Mike unnoticed for a fuck of her own. 

Ericka never stopped jerking Mike through all this, and as soon as Jen and Matt were gone Ericka intensified her strokes. At that, Mike's rock hard somehow felt bigger and stiffer than he had previously. At this point, Ericka knew he was going to want to get off again and she was not going to miss out on the chance to get fucked by the biggest cock she had ever seen. Ericka was so wet that she was convinced she could take him, her previous doubts about her ability to handle his size now a distant memory.

Ericka put her bikini bottom back in place and slid up and onto the edge of the hot tub. Though they were alone and out of earshot of anyone still lingering at the pool, Ericka leaned over and whispered into Mike's ear that she wanted to go back to her place where she knew they wouldn't be interrupted. And while Ericka certainly wasn't interested in anyone catching them in the act, her suggestion was born out of a more serious concern. Ericka carried condoms with her to Jen's every time she visited for the few weeks after her first experience with Mike in hopes that he'd come along with Matt on one of his visits. But after a few weeks of carrying a purse full of condoms and no sign of Mike, Ericka gave up hope and foolishly put them back in her bedstand. She kicked herself at her stupidity, but wasn't going to miss her gift of a second chance to be fucked by Mike and so was determined to get him back to her place.

Mike stood up in the hot tub, letting his trunks fall to his ankles and she could see his massive erect cock in all its glory. What he did next shocked her. Instead of obliging her invitation back to her place, Mike said "I want you now" and grabbed the ties on either side of her string bikini, swiftly untying and discarding them. He pulled her toward him. Ericka frantically looked around but confirmed they were all alone and the landscaping around the hot tub gave them a modicum of privacy should anyone remain at the pool. Before she could even think to consider a conversation about safe sex, Mike was sliding the head of his monster around her drenched pussy. The fat tip of his large cock glistened with her natural lube. Mike swirled his cock around, driving Ericka crazy in the process. She was deeply conflicted. Her logical brain wanted to stop him. To press the issue about safe sex and to do whatever it took to get him to her place and the condoms she so thoroughly wanted to use to calm her fears. Suddenly she thought, or rather hoped, that Mike possibly had some with him.

"I want you now too. Did you bring any condoms," she asked.

"No," he replied, offering no consolation or alternative.

"Let's go to my place. It's not far. We can be alone and I've got some condoms there," she said, almost pleading. "I just want to be safe."

Mike ignored her, instead he leaned in to kiss her. Ericka, overwhelmed by desire, opened her mouth and probed his with her tongue. As they kissed, the tip of Mike's cock pressed firmly against Ericka's wet slit. She could feel the pressure of his cock increasing. Suddenly, the tip slipped inside her. It didn't feel as if the entire head of his cock was in her but it was enough. The boundary had been crossed. The logical part of her brain was forced to retreat as her inner slut rushed toward the surface. And that inner slut wanted Mike fully inside her. Ericka took her arms from around his neck and moved them around his waist, putting her hands on his ass and pulling him in. 

The signal was clear. Mike pushed into her, sliding his cock in and out little by little. A few tiny strokes later, Ericka felt the head of his cock pop fully inside her. The tip alone felt thicker than any cock she had felt before and she knew by her experience with him already that the shaft was thicker still. After a few more thrusts, Mike was inching deeper. Ericka couldn't take her eyes off of the fat cock sliding into her tiny wet pussy. She watched intently as he worked it in slowly but surely. By the time Mike was perhaps four or five inches inside her the sensation was incredible. At this point Mike was no deeper than the longest cock Ericka had experienced before him as a result of the unfortunate size (or lack thereof) of her former lovers, but he was so thick that he was stretching her unlike anything she had ever experienced before. She was walking a tightrope between pleasure and pain but she loved every second of the contrasting sensations. And Ericka knew Mike was just getting started. 

She watched and, occasionally winced, as he pushed further and further into her. After a few minutes of this, Ericka's already wet pussy was literally pouring with her juices. Mike continued fucking her, going deeper and deeper until much of his cock was sopping with her pussy juices. Once he was satisfied that he was sufficiently lubed up, Mike started fucking Ericka with big, long strokes, going from the base of his thick shaft back out to the fat tip of his cock and then in again. He started this slowly, but then picked up pace once he could see that Ericka could take him without too much discomfort. Before long Mike was fucking the living shit out of Ericka. 

The intensity of their fucking built and Ericka started to make a lot of noise, surprising even herself. Ericka had never been very vocal during sex, but now she was starting to realize that simply having sex and being thoroughly fucked senseless by a hung stud were two very different things. She tried with all her might to not scream out in ecstasy. Apparently sensing this, Mike leaned in and started kissing her again as he thrusted in and out. What hurt initially only felt amazing at that point, as Ericka was so wet and so horny that her pussy consumed Mike's cock as if she had done it a thousand times before. She marveled at the sight of his giant cock going in and out of her. The view was so incredible that she pushed him away from their kiss so she could look down. Mike looked at her as if he'd done something wrong, so Ericka reassured him.

"I want to watch it fuck me," she clarified, choosing her words carefully. Ericka purposefully said "it fuck me" and not "you fuck me". It was a slight, but important distinction, as if Mike's huge cock was its own entity. Ericka had only ever previously had sex with guys that she was in a relationship with. Never before had she hooked up with a guy out of pure lust as she was doing with Mike. She for the first time had no interest in Mike the person. She cared only for his big cock. For "it." Even in that moment, despite being awash in pleasure, Ericka registered the distinction. She was changing.

Mike must have enjoyed that Ericka enjoyed watching his big cock penetrate her, so he fucked her in this position for some time before eventually turning her around. Ericka got into the doggy position, her knees on the edge of the hot tub on her towel. Mike stood on the seat ledge inside the hot tub and lined up behind her. He slid back inside her and went balls deep in one swift thrust. 

"Oh fuck yes," Ericka moaned aloud. 

Mike pulled Ericka's tits out of her bikini top and was using them as leverage, pounding her deeply. Mike was in her to the hilt now, deeper than he had gone when they were in the missionary position. It only took a few full strokes of Mike fully and completely inside Ericka when she felt a sensation she had never felt before, and wasn't sure she ever would before meeting Mike. Ericka's first pure vaginal orgasm was building.

"Oh my God you're gonna make me cum," Ericka said in disbelief. "It feels so fucking good!"

Mike quickened his pace at her words and aggressively fucked her from behind. Ericka exploded in orgasm.

"Oh fuck yes I'm cumming!!" Ericka exclaimed. 

Mike continued fucking her through her orgasm and his giant balls, which when they first met Ericka expected would hang low if he was standing, made their presence felt. She was overwhelmed as his giant cock continued to thrust away and his balls slapped heavily against her clit. The rhythmic fucking and slapping made Ericka cum two more times in rapid succession. She registered that her vaginal orgasm felt different than that from clitorial stimulation. Different, but oh so good. She loved the feeling and wanted more. After several minutes of this, Mike said he was about to cum and asked Ericka where he should bust. 

"I don't care, just keep fucking the shit out of this pussy, baby," Ericka replied. 

She expected him to cum right away, but Mike was demonstrating ridiculous self-control and stamina and fucked her for several more minutes. 

Suddenly Mike let out a huge moan and said again that he was about to cum. He pulled out and turned her around so they were once again facing each other. Ericka was expecting Mike to cum on her face or stomach in that moment, but instead he slid his huge cock all the way back in and started fucking her again.

"Watch," he said, knowing how much Ericka craved the view of his massive tool penetrating her willing pussy.

Ericka was again entranced by the sight of Mike's enormous cock fucking her now well used pussy and the view made her cum a fourth time. She screamed aloud in pleasure, no longer caring who heard or saw them, and before the wave of orgasm subsided Ericka felt Mike's cock begin to pulse. Again expecting him to pull out, she was shocked when she felt him start filling her with cum. Her logical brain screamed from deep within her that she should push him away, but the feeling of massive amounts of his cum filling her was simultaneously exhilarating. In what had been a night of firsts, a guy cumming inside her was yet another and as much as the potential consequences terrified her, deep down she loved it.

After shooting his initial load in her, Mike pulled out and shot a couple more thick ropes of cum on her pussy, before shoving all the way back inside her. His massive cock continued to pulse as his balls emptied the last of their hot load inside her. Mike leaned in and kissed Ericka again, as she analyzed what had just happened. 

Barebacking a person she barely knew and then being his cum dumpster was not her typical safe and in control style. But she also knew at that moment that she loved fucking that huge cock and all her inhibitions were powerless to its spell. Ericka again circled the realization that she was somehow changing. 

After a few more moments, Ericka and Mike dressed, gathered their belongings and returned to Jen's apartment. When they arrived, Jen, Matt and Kim were showered, dressed, ready to go out for the evening and enjoying another round of cocktails. Mike headed to the bathroom to shower. At that moment Ericka realized her pussy was throbbing from the pounding she had just taken. A painful yet pleasant reminder of the best fuck of her young life, Ericka could deal with that. But it was the thick load of cum oozing from her pussy into her bikini bottoms that worried her. From a cycle perspective she assessed that the chances of her getting pregnant should be extremely low, but she wasn't about to risk it. While she couldn't do anything about whether Mike was clean or not at this point, she could eliminate the pregnancy risk and decided she would immediately go to the pharmacy to buy some Plan B contraceptive.

With Mike out of sight, Ericka decided to leave right away and avoid any awkward or obvious "we just fucked" goodbyes in front of thr group. 

"I think I'm going to stay in for the evening," Ericka said to Jen. "All the drinks and the hot tub made me pretty tired. Talk to you tomorrow?" 
