 Authors Note: This story has been written for an online friend who suggested/requested it. It was meant to be a one shot only but I left it open for more. As always thank you for reading my work and leaving me feedback. It's all appreciated. Enjoy!

Drakon66

It was a long business trip and I was thankful it was almost over as the cab turned onto my street. I missed my wife, my bed and having time to myself at the end of the day. That doesn't happen when you're on site with a client, helping get their facility up and running. The two week project for me turned into nearly two months due to unforeseen problems on the clients end. Fortunately my company put me up in a nice condo with a beautiful view and amazing amenities but I was hardly there more than a few hours to sleep and shower before I had to be back on the job. It was incredibly stressful and demanding so being moments from home was an incredible relief.

Seeing Erica's car in the driveway was a bit of a surprise since it was still early afternoon and she usually didn't get home before 6:00 pm or later from her job. I'd been looking forward to some 'welcome home' sex and it appeared I'd be getting it sooner than later. My dick was rising to the occasion as I carried my bags to the front door. I rang the bell rather than using my key to surprise her. When the door opened and I saw Erica's face go from shock to joy, everything that I had endured was washed away in the warmth of her embrace. She nearly drove her tongue down my throat as we kissed like teenagers on the porch for I don't know how long and I didn't care.

I managed to get my bags in the door between gasps for air and moments of Erica crying then giggling from being so happy I'd returned. She shut the door and we were lip locked again. She was trembling in my arms and I was relieved to be home.

"I missed you sooo much!" she said between flurries of kisses.

"I missed you too," I replied, trying to lift her tank top over her head unsuccessfully.

"Slow down, baby," she giggled while keeping my hands at bay.

Erica twisted out of my arms and ran to the kitchen. I pursued. It had been two months since I'd had sex with anyone other than my right hand and I was in serious need of release. She was standing at the fridge, removing a couple beers when I ran my hands around her waist from behind. I quickly slide them up her flat, toned stomach to her perky B cup breast. She let out a soft moan then spun around to face me.

"Take it easy John. Here have a beer," offering me a chilled bottle.

"I'll drink this later," placing the bottle on the counter, "But first I need something else." I kissed along her shoulder to her neck while holding her tight. I wasn't going to let her get away again.

"John...We can't right here..."

"Don't let me stop you," a voice from behind me said, "I like to watch."

I felt a knot form in my stomach as I looked over my shoulder. Standing at the boundary between the kitchen and family room was a short blonde woman in her twenties with several tattoos covering her arms and body. She smiled devilishly at me and my wife while holding a pair of skimpy bathing suits. Her long hair fell to her waist in lazy curls. She would probably be considered petite if it wasn't for her pregnant belly and the associated extra padding that comes with that condition. Her outfit did little to hide her body either. The denim cut offs, lime green tights and platform pumps were just the beginning. The white tank top she wore was stretched so tightly over her large breasts and ripe belly that the material appeared almost transparent. She's very pretty though but it took me a moment to realize who she was.

"Kerry?" I asked; still not ready to release my wife, "What're you doing here?"

"Erica said I could stay with you guys until my new roommate is out of her lease and we can move in together," she replied nodding to her sister.

I slowly turned my gaze from Kerry to Erica, "Oh really?"

Erica gave me a half hearted smile and offered me another bottle, "Are you sure you wouldn't like a beer now?"

It had been six years since I'd seen Kerry at our wedding. Erica had made her eighteen year old sister a bride's maid but Kerry seemed very disinterested in it. I'd gotten the impression Kerry didn't like me all that much because I was taking her sister away from her. Although they were four years apart in age, the two had been very close growing up. In fact Erica was the one who helped keep Kerry in line. Kerry had a wild streak to her and Erica was the calming element that kept her younger sister from getting into too much trouble. Even when Erica attended college a few hours from her home, she had to make frequent trips back to help deal with her sister who was driving her parents crazy.

Once Erica and I were married and she moved in with me here in California, Kerry went wild. She left home and no one knew what she was up to until a year ago when Erica got an email from Kerry saying she was living in Los Angeles with some guy in a band. Erica made several attempts to see her sister but Kerry would always cancel at the last minute, giving some weak excuse. Apparently something had change since she was now standing in my family room, pregnant and homeless.

Kerry walked over to us and gave me a hug. At 5'-4" she's a good four inches shorter than her sister and twice that in comparison to me. Erica is tall and lean with an athletic build like their mother, whereas Kerry is smaller and curvier; even more so of the latter now. Feeling her big boobs pressed against me didn't help my aching hard-on.

"I'll leave you two alone. I just wanted your opinion on which suit I should wear to tan in?" I assumed Kerry was directing that question to her sister because I don't think I could've given a rational answer.

"I don't know why you even bother with one of those. You'll have it off as soon as you lay down out there," Erica replied.

"Well I didn't want you freaking out again when you see me naked in your back yard," Kerry turned and headed for the stairs, "Nice to see ya again John."

I didn't answer. I just watched her swaying hips and bouncing ass as she walked up the stairs. My cock was throbbing but I needed answers from my wife. How long had Kerry been here? How long was she staying? Was she going to have the baby before she moved out? All these questions and more raced through my mind as I turned to my wife. I think she could tell I needed answers and had me sit down at the table.

Erica told me Kerry just showed up on our door step about three weeks ago. Funny she didn't mention that the many times we talked or texted while I was gone. She'd been kicked out by the father of her child or at least the one suspected of being the father, prior to him leaving on tour for the next six months or so. She was working at a local strip club as a dancer until she was showing too much baby bump to be on stage. Now she served cocktails there until the baby comes.

"Well when is that supposed to be?" I asked.

"She's in her third trimester."

"And that means...?"

"Kerry is seven and a half months along from what she tells me," Erica replied, "So she's still got some time to go."

I shook my head and put my face in my hands. My company is giving me roughly two months of working from home to make up for my extended business adventure. I didn't have to do much but review reports and have the occasional conference call or video meeting to keep up with things. Other than that I could do whatever I wanted. The prospect of having Erica's beautiful and very pregnant sister running around was going to be challenging for me.

"Don't worry...She's gonna be outta here in a few weeks once her roommate is out of her lease," Erica said, seeing my frustration as I looked up at her.

"Yes, I heard her say that...It's just..."

"Let me know when you want to start dinner and I'll give you a hand," Kerry interrupted on her way to the back yard.

She wore a see through swim wrap and that was all. I had a hard time tearing my eyes away from her bouncing tits as she closed the sliding glass door and proceeded to lay a towel out on my back lawn. That was enough for me.

I took Erica by the hand and pulled her from her chair toward the stairs. I led her to our room and kicked the door shut behind me. Before she could say a word I literally ripped her tank top off and tossed her on the bed. She shrieked then giggled as I buried my face in her boobs; licking and sucking while trying to undo her pants. She had better luck with mine and quickly had them at my knees. I relinquished my efforts on her skinny jeans and rolled to my back to remove my jeans and t-shirt. I finished and went to resume my assault on Erica's tits, that's when I saw her high waist panties and the distinct bulge of a feminine pad concealed within.

"You've got to be kidding!" I all but shouted.

"I'm sorry honey, I just started," she said then whispered, "Don't worry; I'll take care of you other ways."

When Erica is on her period, we don't have sex; it 'grosses her out.' She will sometimes give me a hand job and on the rare occasion a blow job but that's about it. I broached the anal subject but was immediately turned away. This is just great. It's been two months without sex and now I have to wait even longer. Add to that her hot pregnant sister running around in slutty, see through outfits or totally naked. I wonder if it's possible to actually die from blue balls? Her hand slowly stroked my throbbing cock as she kissed my neck and ear.

"I'm gonna need more than a hand job," I flatly stated.

She gave me a reluctant look then shifted position on the bed. I jumped then moaned the moment her warm wet mouth encircled my cock, it felt so good after so long without. Her tongue played at the tip then she took more of me into her mouth. I groaned louder. She bobbed up and down while her hand continued to stroke my shaft. I wasn't going to last long after all the stimuli I'd received in the previous half hour. I felt the onset of my orgasm and so did Erica. She released me from her mouth and stroked me faster. I erupted, shooting my cum against her chin and throat. Some splashed on her tits while the remainder leaked over her pumping fist. As soon as I relaxed, she released me and made a bee line for our bathroom to clean up. I was happy for the release that didn't come by my own hand yet was a bit let down by Erica's attitude toward oral sex. She'd let me cum in her mouth once, a very long time ago but hadn't since. It felt as if it was a chore that she really didn't want to do but I think I deserved it considering I'd been gone so long and didn't immediately reject her sister staying with us.

Erica returned with a warm wash cloth and cleaned me up before curling up at my side. It felt good having her there and I tried not to dwell on the current situation which allowed me to relax enough to drift off to sleep. When I awoke, Erica was gone so I decided to take a shower before dinner. I turned on the water and stepped under the warm flow. Steam quickly filled the room and I took my time letting the water sooth my fatigued muscles. I was standing, facing the nozzle with my eyes closed when I heard the shower door open then close. Erica's hands caressed my back then moved around to my chest. I could feel her boobs smashed against my lower back while her hands roamed over my front. One played with my left nipple as the other closed around my cock.

I dropped my head and opened my eyes to watch her tiny hand stroking me again through the steamy air. She stroked faster and I moaned while watching her tattooed arm flexing back and forth. 'Wait a minute...tattoos?' Kerry spun me around and knelt, smiling up at me. Her mouth opened and took my cock inside.

"HEY!" I shouted as I sat up, looking around our room.

"What's the matter John?" Erica asked with a concerned look on her face.

She was still lying by my side in just her underwear. It was a dream. My cock was rock hard again. I wasn't going to push my luck and ask for another blow job but I was sweating so a shower and possibly a jerking would have to do. I glanced at the clock. It was nearly 6:00 pm.

"Nothing's wrong," I sighed, lying back down, "I just had one of those 'falling' dreams. I'm gonna take a shower, care to join me?" I cocked my eyebrow and gave Erica a sly smile.

"No...I'm gonna get dinner started," she replied rolling out of bed, "Take your time."

I waited for her to leave then sat up, disappointed. I looked down at my once again throbbing penis and shook my head.

"Well it looks like it's just you and me again buddy," I stated as I stood and entered our bathroom.

***

Erica made spaghetti with her incredible meat sauce, garlic bread and a garden salad for dinner. Apparently Kerry 'helped' with the bread but didn't stay after dinner to help clean up because she had a shift at the club that night. Erica and I took care of the dishes and sat on the couch, sipping some wine while watching a movie. She had taken the day off to go with her sister to the doctor and run some errands with Kerry so Erica wanted to call it an evening early. We were in bed by ten but I couldn't sleep.

I kept looking at the clock again and again but I wasn't tired. My body was several time zones off right now. I heard Kerry return home around 1:30 am. My mind was still racing at 2:00 so rather than toss and turn and disturb Erica, I decided to get some work done. I threw on my favorite sweat pants and quietly left our room.

In the hall, I could hear muffled sounds coming from the room Kerry occupied. It was very late and curiosity got the better of me as I tiptoed to her closed door. I heard soft whimpers and moans mixed with the steady hum of what sounded like a powerful vibrator. My mind drew a picture of Kerry, naked on her bed, legs spread as she plunged the buzzing toy in and out of her wet pregnant pussy. My cock was hard in no time. I caressed the bulge in my sweats as I continued to listen. Her cries became louder and closer together and I knew she must be nearing orgasm. I wanted to pull my cock out and jerk off right there but I was afraid she might hear me. Kerry cried out in ecstasy and I listened to her ride out her orgasm. I was lost in fantasy land when she became suddenly quiet then I heard the bed squeak as if she was getting up. I panicked. As quickly and quietly as possible, I dashed for the stairs. I got to the bottom and froze when light from her room filled the hallway above me. I didn't move until I heard the door to the guest bathroom close.

I let out a sigh of relief as I walked to my office. I poured a whiskey and sank into my comfy leather chair. As I waited for my computer to boot up, I couldn't stop thinking of what I'd just heard upstairs. Taking a sip of the potent liquor, I tried to silence Kerry's cries echoing in my head. The computer beeped telling me it was ready, drawing my attention briefly but I couldn't get Kerry out of my mind. Downing the last of my drink in frustration, I focused on the screen.

I'm not sure who I was kidding but I didn't get more than a couple lines filled out for my expense report before I closed the document. I poured another whiskey and began searching the internet for pregnant porn. Surprisingly I found lots. It didn't take long to locate a young pregnant woman, who had a modest resemblance to Kerry, getting fucked by an older man. I had my cock in hand stroking to this new found kink of mine and enjoying it greatly. When the woman turned over onto her hands and knees, I was really close to letting loose. The guy was slamming into her so hard I thought it would be painful for her but she was loving it. The man grunted and drove deep into her. She was moaning loudly and begging him to cum inside her. He did just that and when he pulled out, leaving a pearly ribbon of cum trickling from her gaping pussy, I lost it. Cum exploded from my cock, arching through the air and landing on my bare chest. I moaned while feverishly pumping my stiff shaft. When I was finally spent, I relaxed back into my chair, breathing heavily. In the hazy afterglow from such a powerful orgasm, out of the corner of my eye, I thought I saw movement at my door. I quickly turned but no one was there except a reflection of me, at my desk, in the mirror hanging on the wall.

I looked down at my cum splattered chest and sighed. Grabbing some tissues, I mopped up the mess as best I could then tossed them in the waste basket. Between the alcohol, masturbation and late hour, I finally felt tired enough to sleep. Turning off the light in my office, I climbed the stairs and went to bed.

***

I woke up late and although still tired, I got up anyway. I wanted to get my body back on a normal schedule as soon as possible. Erica had already left for work and didn't manage to disturb me. She had made coffee and there was still two thirds of a pot left. I poured a cup and carried it to my office. Back in my chair, I opened the report I started last night. I couldn't help thinking about the video I jerked off to. I forced it from my mind and a couple hours later I was done with my expense report, two corrective action documents and some engineering changes I thought were necessary for our client to implement. It was now 1:30 in the afternoon and I was starving.

In the kitchen I made a sandwich, grabbed a beer and some chips and went to the family room to watch some TV. I could hear the hot tub running and looked out to see why. Kerry was sitting in the bubbling water up to her neck. Her eyes were closed and she had a strange look on her face. It wasn't until I realized where she was sitting that I understood her expression. There are jets around the walls of the tub and two rows along the bottom following the contour of the lounge portion where she's at. It didn't take a genius to figure out she must have one of those jets pointed at her pussy. Erica discovered that trick shortly after we got the hot tub and I love watching her get herself off that way.

Kerry's head tilted back as she pushed her breasts together, forcing the tops of them out of the water. She brought one nipple to her mouth while her right hand twisted and pulled at the other. I was captivated. She started rocking forward and back when she gasped and her erect nipple was freed. I was so caught up seeing my sister-in-laws breasts that I didn't notice her staring right at me. When I did it was too late. She was in the throes of orgasm and I couldn't look away. Obviously she had no problem with being watched; I guess that's why she's a stripper or at least she had been. I turned away out of embarrassment but when the hot tub got quiet, I looked back to see Kerry climbing out. She was totally naked (big shocker there) but she wasn't in any hurry to cover herself as she dried off. In fact she bent at the waist to dry her legs knowing her ass and pussy were on full display to me.

Kerry entered the house holding her towel in front of her as she continued to dry the ends of her hair. I must have been beet red when she passed in front of me. She gave me a naughty smile on her way to the stairs; my eyes followed hungrily. There was nothing covering her backside at all. Before climbing the stairs, Kerry looked over her shoulder at me.

"Did you enjoy the show?" she asked with that same mischievous smile on her face.

She didn't wait for me to answer but I'm sure she knew I was still watching. I swear she exaggerated the sway of her hips as she left. 'Holy Shit! What am I gonna be like in a few weeks with her around?' I pondered. She must have a friend she can stay with. This is not a good situation. My pounding cock was threatening actions on its own accord if I didn't get a grip on this problem (no pun intended). 'Maybe I should just go back to work,' I thought but I deserve this time off. I'm going to need a lot of 'help' from Erica once her monthly friend is gone.
