 During her freshman year of college, Ericka hung out quite a bit with a group of girls from her hometown that had ended up attending the same university. One of the girls, Jen, was two years older and lived in a large apartment off campus, so they often partied there. Jen was dating a guy, Matt, also from their hometown, who was a senior at a nearby university. Jen was tall, lean, pretty, blonde and hilarious, so Matt's frequent visits needed no explanation. 

One night the group of friends met at Jen's place to play cards and drinking games. Jen's boyfriend brought along another guy from their hometown named Mike, also a senior at the same college as Matt. The evening devolved into a late night drunken haze as many college nights do. Inevitably, the wind left everyone's sails and the party began winding down. People began filtering, or more appropriately, stumbling out. Ericka was drunk enough that she didn't want to walk alone back to her place so Jen suggested she crash there. Assuming Jen planned on being preoccupied with Matt, her roommate Kim followed Jen's offer with a suggestion that Erika use the futon in her room. While Ericka wasn't very keen on sleeping on Kim's gross flip n' fuck, she was less keen on walking across their college town in her current state. And upon second thought, she doubted Kim's flip n' fuck had seen much action in reality, so it probably wasn't gross after all. Ericka hastily accepted the offer.

With the arrangements sorted, Jen and Matt headed back to Jen's room. In the kitchen behind them, Kim clumsily attempted to make a midnight snack, leaving Ericka and Mike in the living room. The rest of the stragglers had filtered out. Kim, who typically didn't drink much and had been over served that evening, took what might loosely be described as a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and stumbled to her room. Ericka hung back, waiting for Kim to get settled and pass out before hitting the futon in her room.

Ericka was suddenly alone with Mike. A little intimidated by him and a lot buzzed, she sat there in awkward silence. Ericka thought about something clever or funny to say to break the silence, when suddenly Jen and Matt took care of it for her. Apparently the couple had wasted no time getting down to business as the sounds of raucous sex filtered through the thin apartment walls and permeated the living room. Ericka attempted to focus on a nature show was on the muted TV. She thought it would have been fitting if the animals on the screen were mating, but then she reconsidered and decided it would have been more appropriate if it was some sort of intense battle because it sounded as if Jen was getting insanely plowed by Matt. He was either really good or Jen was really drunk.

The fucking continued for a long time and in her tipsy state the sounds of her friend getting thoroughly pounded a few feet away from her started to really get Ericka wet. Ericka eventually looked over at Mike who was sitting on an adjacent couch and couldn't believe what she saw. She quickly looked back at the TV, believing she had imagined it, but her curiosity forced a second glance, which confirmed that Mike was not only turned on too, but he had taken his arousal a step further and was rubbing his cock through his shorts. 

Ericka was mesmerized by this and couldn't look away a second time. She stared at him for what felt like minutes, Mike oblivious that he had a voyeur. Ericka continued to stare and considered following Mike's lead. As she slid her hand toward her crotch to touch herself as well, Mike suddenly felt her stare and turned to her. Ericka's first inclination was to look away again, but she was buzzed enough and turned on enough that she instead lifted her eyes from his crotch and met his gaze. 

She wasn't sure what she was expecting to happen next. Maybe Mike would glance away. Maybe he would embarrassedly leave the room. But he did neither of those things, instead doing the one thing she didn't expect at all. Mike stared back at her, smiled devilishly and slowly eased his shorts down. Ericka's eyes grew in anticipation as he teased her. She first saw his pubic hair which was neatly trimmed. As the base of his cock appeared, Ericka had to control herself not to gasp aloud. Even from across the room his thickness was shocking. Mike continued his slow reveal, his shaft emerging inch by inch. Ericka two different times thought to herself "ok, here comes the tip," only to be surprised that only more cock followed. 

Finally, Mike's monster sprang from the waistband of his shorts, then fell with a thud against his thigh. Ericka felt herself blushing at Mike's brazenness. Ericka's sexual experience wasn't extensive and not only had she never been around someone so forward sexually, she had never seen a cock as big or beautiful. She was equal parts scared and intrigued.

With his beast unleashed, Mike resumed rubbing it again. Ericka watched in amazement as it swelled even thicker. Mike removed his hand and is cock grew further on its own. It slowly but steadily slid up his thigh and in moments it was pointing high in the air. Now fully and gloriously erect, Mike began stroking his monster. After a few minutes of this, Mike asked Ericka to come sit by him. Ericka's curiosity about Mike's huge cock was so intense she didn't have to think twice. She stood without hesitation and immediately felt that her panties were soaked. Deep inside a voice told her she should be embarrassed by what was surely a visible wet spot, but she willed the voice away and slid on the couch next to Mike, who continued stroking himself.

"Do you want to touch it?" Mike asked.

Ericka nodded, at first hesitantly, then more affirmatively. Ericka started stroking him. The juxtaposition between her small hands and Mike's large meat monster was simultaneously super-hot and comical to her. Ericka knew her previous partners were in the small to average range size wise, but she wasn't so naive to think Mike just seemed bigger relative to them. No, this was a very special cock. Ericka then noticed Mike had huge balls that seemed to spread out on the couch between his legs. "No wonder he's sitting with his legs spread so wide," she thought. 

Ericka had never before paid much attention to a guy's balls, but the sheer size of Mike's impressed her to the point of being extra hot to her. She also imagined they were packing an extremely virile punch. 

After a few minutes of jacking him off, Mike's forwardness took another step. "You should suck it," Mike tells her. His words were dominant, yet not at all forceful. 

Ericka leaned over, drawing her face near his cock. The closer she got the more impossibly large it seemed. She opened her mouth and timidly kissed the tip, which was glistening with precum. She liked his taste, and slowly kissed and sucked away Mike's juices. Ericka then dropped her head lower and gently kissed his balls, something she had never done before. She considered sucking them like she had seen in a porno once, but was fairly certain either were too big to get into her petite mouth. Instead, Ericka slowly licked from the base of his shaft all the way to the tip, before repeating the move in reverse. Mike groaned with pleasure and anticipation. Ericka repeated the long lick a few more times, finally arriving at his tip. Ericka opened her mouth wide, hovering above his cock momentarily before lowering her head. The head alone of Mike's monster filled her mouth, but she was determined to take more of him and pushed her head lower. His cock reached her throat and Ericka fought to not gag. She placed her hand on his shaft at the point of maximum insertion and then lifted her head to examine her progress. Despite her best efforts, Ericka was disappointed to see she took slightly less than half of him. She tried again a few times but the results were no different. Resigned to the fact that she wouldn't be able to deepthroat him, Ericka intermittently sucked him between licking his shaft and continuous stroking. 

As Ericka continued her focus on Mike's beautiful cock, he pulled her shirt up and skilfully removed her bra, releasing her perky tits. He gently caressed each, gently pinched her nipples and then slowly traced a finger down her torso to the waistline of her jeans. Mike deftly worked her button fly with one hand and then slid his hand in between the rough denim and smooth, damp cotton of her panties. Immediately Mike could feel that she had thoroughly soaked through. He slid his hand lower and brushed against the outline of her clit, which felt swollen with arousal. Ericka cooed in anticipation and Mike picked up on her signal. He pressed his fingers more firmly against her and made a series of slow circles, progressively speeding up. Ericka moaned and wanted to feel his big strong hands directly against her pussy.

Ericka reluctantly lifted her head from Mike's cock and leaned back on the couch, her intentions clear. Mike placed a hand on either side of her jeans and eased them down her legs, then over her feet and tossed them aside. He could now make out her panties, which had started a simple grey cotton thong, but were presently a sopping mess. He discarded them quickly and slid his hand between her thighs. Ericka moaned with pleasure. Mike resumed rubbing Ericka's clit, while leaning in to kiss her for the first time. Things had escalated so quickly between them that she was pantless and had already stroked and sucked his cock before their lips had ever met. The voice inside Ericka's head began to tell her how slutty that was but once again she brushed her morals away. Mike's tongue intermittently probed Ericka's mouth and breasts, all the while he worked her clit with practiced precision.

Ericka, while overwhelmed by pleasure, stared at Mike's cock lustily. Never in her life had she wanted anything more than to feel it inside her. She began to imagine it, her thoughts a mixture of curiosity of how it would feel stretching her tight little pussy and a slight fear that it may hurt or, even worse, that she would be unable to take him. "Only one way to find out," she thought.

Ericka was shocked back to reality as Mike slid first one, then two fingers inside her. He expertly fingered her while still rubbing her clit with his thumb. Ericka felt a powerful wave of pleasure begin to build inside her.

"Oh fuck, Mike. That feels so good," she cooed.

Mike quickened the pace. Ericka leaned backwards, arched her back and began bucking her hips into Mike's hand. The intensity overcame her and she exploded in orgasm.

"Oh fuck yes!" Ericka yelled. She rode the wave of the most powerful orgasm she had ever experienced for what seemed like a full minute or more. As it finally began to subside she thought to herself "If his hand can do that to me, I can't wait to feel what his cock will do." She was convinced Mike's magnificent cock would reach places no other guy had before and, hopefully, be the one to finally make her cum from penetration alone for the first time.

Ericka leaned back against the arm rest and spread her legs wide, ready for Mike's monster. Mike quickly shed the shorts that had fallen around his ankles, then removed his t-shirt, revealing a chiseled body. He climbed in front of her and lined his cock up with her sopping pussy.

"Wait," she said. "We need to use a condom."

"I don't have any with me, do you?" Mike asked.

Ericka had plenty, but the fact that they were in her apartment across town and not with her was not helping. And she didn't have so many condoms because she had an overly active sex life, rather she was deeply paranoid about pregnancy and STDs. Hormone based birth control wreaked havoc on her body, so condoms were her first line of defense. She was in college to get a degree, not knocked up. The only things she intended to leave college with were a diploma and a solid career plan. In fact, this was the first sexual encounter of her freshman year at college and she was now in her worst nightmare.

Ericka was now faced with the prospect of barebacking a guy she had just met. A battle raged inside her, the deep desire to have Mike fuck her with his giant cock on one side, the other side represented by the very real fear of pregnancy or disease. Her mental deliberations were at a standstill. The voice in her head returned and told her she was being irresponsible. She could derail everything with a single stupid decision. That was all it took. Her desire didn't wane, but she knew pragmatism was prevailing.

"No. I'm sorry Mike, we need to use protection if we're going to do this," she said reluctantly. She feared what would happen next. How would Mike react? Before she could overthink it, she got her answer.

"It's ok. I mean I really want to fuck, but I understand," Mike said, giving her a reassuring smile. Ericka felt relief. She also couldn't help but notice that his big cock was still rock hard. "He could use some relief too," she thought to herself.

"Yeah, I really wanted this too. I should have planned better. But we're not totally finished yet," she said, shooting him a devilish grin as she leaned back over and resumed sucking and stroking his monster.

Mike leaned back and moaned, clearly enjoying it. Ericka picked up the intensity, eventually abandoning her mouth altogether and using both her hands to fully stroke his impossibly long shaft.

After a few more minutes Ericka could tell Mike was getting close.

"You like this big cock, don't you?" Mike asked.

"Yes, it's fucking amazing!" She replied with excitement in her voice and lust in her eyes. Apparently the response he was looking for, Mike's monster cock exploded in orgasm. Ericka watched in awe as the first stream of cum rocketed out of his cock and literally hit the ceiling above them. She continued jerking as he came and was thoroughly amazed at the volume of cum he produced. Each successive stroke produced a giant rope of thick white cum. After the first hit the ceiling, the subsequent streams went all over the place as his cock twitched and heavy balls pulsed. Ericka had never seen such a heavy cummer, even in pornos. His cum was all over his chest and stomach, Jen's couch and the floor in front of them. It was also all over Ericka's hands and, in another first, Ericka licked her fingers clean and then couldn't help but lean over and lick Mike's shaft clean. Once finished, she swallowed every drop she had collected in her mouth, then stuck out her tongue to show Mike, smiling widely. He returned her smile, then shocked her when he leaned over and kissed her deeply, despite the fact that her mouth was just filled with his cum. 

Mike went to the bathroom to clean up and Ericka gathered her clothes and slipped into Kim's room to sleep before he returned. But Ericka didn't sleep for some time. Instead she imagined Mike's huge cock fucking her wildly. Ericka quietly masturbated just a few feet from Kim. "I will fuck Mike," she committed, and promised herself the next time she'd be ready.