 Welcome to chapter four of Ericka's Adventures. This story is serialized so I would highly recommend starting with first three chapters if you haven't already read them. The Ericka's Adventures series follows Ericka on her journey of sexual awakening through her college years and beyond, and will touch upon various themes including group sex, lesbian sex, interracial sex, light bdsm, pregnancy risk, infidelity and cuckolding. I hope you enjoy reading about Ericka's Adventures as much as I enjoy creating them. 

***

After their most recent rendezvous, Mike was almost always on Ericka's mind. She thought of their third encounter as the "Kim Situation", even though the majority of her memories focused on everything up until she discovered Mike fucking Kim. 

Invariably after long retreats into the memories of Mike ravaging her own body, Ericka would go to the last vision she had of Mike that night. It was the vivid recollection of Mike fucking and cumming hard inside of Kim, against Kim's wishes. As Kim panicked, Mike simply stood there in Kim's room, naked and glistening, his huge cock still rock hard, pointed straight out and impossibly far away from his toned body. 

Ericka focused on the image of Mike's cock and it made her quiver with lust. Though it happened just a few weeks earlier in October, it felt like eons ago to her. That Ericka went through every detail vividly in her mind each and every day only made it worse. 

Ericka also found herself daydreaming about their previous encounters...the "Hot Tub Incident" in mid-September which was preceded by their first sexual encounter, the "Initiation" earlier that same month. 

Ericka tried to pass the days by focusing on her school work and, while she continued to achieve the academic high bar she set for herself, she found it incredibly challenging to focus now with the thought of wanting Mike's huge cock to penetrate her on her mind at all times. 

As much as she wanted to fight them, Ericka didn't wish the thoughts away, instead she tried to use them to fill the very real void she felt inside her. While Ericka lost the mental battle daily, she fared far worse on the physical front. Ericka didn't mind failing to fight off the thoughts of Mike's huge cock fucking her pussy, but she certainly minded the lack of the real physical sensation.

When Matt visited Jen on the two consecutive weekends since Ericka last saw Mike he came alone, and Ericka became increasingly desperate to be filled by a huge cock first, then the glorious amount of cum that would follow. 

While Ericka arrived at the conclusion that she could effectively balance casual sex and her studies, she ultimately decided to avoid the temptation of finding random guys to hook up with. She did this not because she only wanted Mike, but rather because she was deeply fearful that any other guy would be physically inadequate. 

Finally one sleepless night it became too much to bear. Ericka again considered a trip to the bars to find an eager college guy to fuck, but her fears of a small cocked two pump chump prevailed. 

Instead, Ericka got dressed and drove about 20 minutes from her college town to an adult bookstore along a deserted stretch of an already lonely highway. 

While the building itself was nondescript, the giant flashing "XXX" sign that reached skyward above it made plain for all to see what beckoned inside. As Ericka entered the parking lot she was relieved to see it was deserted, but for one car that she hoped belonged to the person working there. 

Entering the building, instead of the dimly lit, seedy establishment she expected, Ericka found a bright, clean and expansive selection of books, DVDs, clothing, toys and even things she couldn't readily classify. 

Ericka noticed a 20-something, Goth looking girl sitting behind the counter reading a book. As she entered, the girl gave her a warm smile and then returned to her book. 

Ericka moved through the movie section, zipping past genres until she found what she was looking for. In the "Co-eds" section, she found a few titles promising college girls with monster cocks. 

Ericka looked at the back cover of several of the videos, trying to find someone whose cock came close to resembling Mike's. Ericka was surprised that even most of the well-endowed porn actors weren't as big. 

Ericka's eyes scanned the shelves looking at her options. She turned to look at the rack behind her and couldn't believe her eyes. In the "Interracial" section, countless DVD featured big, ripped black guys with giant cocks almost always paired with petite white girls. The size and color contrast made Ericka instantly wet. 

Though Ericka was looking for something with a hung white male, the massive black cocks she saw turned her on, so she tucked an interracial DVD under her arm as she continued looking for Mike's porn proxy.

Ericka eventually found two more DVDs featuring white actors with cocks close to Mike's and settled on those. She was beginning to wonder if his cock truly had a rival. At least a white rival. Ericka considered that what they said about black guys must be at least partially true. 

As Ericka moved toward the checkout, she passed through the toy section. Initially, Ericka only intended to purchase some movies to which she would masturbate using only her hands while she imagined Mike fucking her. 

This was new territory for her and Ericka felt that buying porn DVDs in the middle of the night was seedy enough, but then she saw a selection of large dong-style dildos that made her stop in her tracks. Most were in the 6" range and a few were comically large, but then one caught her eye.

Ericka noticed it that was 8", average thickness and, with a small portion exposed so prospective buyers could feel the material, she was surprised by how realistic it look and felt. While it was still somehow neither as long nor as thick as Mike, she pulled it from the shelf and studied the packaging. 

Ericka liked the thought that it was smaller than Mike, thinking that she could use it and still fill herself when she felt the desire, but without the fear of it becoming a replacement for the real thing such that if, no when, Mike fucked her again he would still take her to heights that no other man, or toy, could. Ericka's mind was made up. The 8" dong was coming home with her.

Goth girl sensed Ericka approaching the checkout counter and put her book down. As she stood and smiled, Goth girl asked Ericka if she found everything she was looking for. Ericka nodded and placed her items on the counter. As Goth girl scanned the DVDs first, she paused momentarily on each, looking intently at the back cover as Ericka had done, before scanning the large dildo. She smiled at Ericka again. 

"It's always the tiny girls," Goth girl quipped.

Ericka, confused, begged her pardon. 

"Small girls are size queens," Goth continued. 

She could see that the phrase "size queen" confused Ericka, so she clarified.

"Petite girls almost always love the really big dicks," Goth said. "Tall girls, big girls, they can't take it like you tiny ones. Small girls can take it. It's a fact. I don't know what it is, but I'm jealous," she said. 

Ericka, while fairly certain this wasn't a fact and that Goth girl wasn't doctor of human physiology, was intrigued by the notion and figured that during four years of selling adult items, Goth girl must have at least recognized some trends. 

Ericka took note if Goth girl's comment about being jealous and realized the girl was fairly tall. Maybe there was something to the size thing after all. Ericka liked being petite and if Goth girl was right, Ericka was now more glad about her small size than ever before.

Ericka, blushing, paid and departed. As she hopped in her car and sped away from the store, an overwhelming sense of excitement emerged. Ericka rushed home, eager to try out her new purchases. 

Once home, Ericka drew the curtains and went into her bathroom. She dropped her clothes to the floor, taking a few minutes to again admire her body in the full length mirror. The same feeling she had of being a beautiful, sexual goddess when she looked in the very same mirror a few weeks earlier after fucking Mike for hours returned to her. 

Ericka slid a hand down her breast and brushed against her vagina. She moved it between her legs and, slipping a finger into her slit realized she was sopping wet. 

Ericka, feeling sexy and bold, went back into her bedroom and rummaged in her dresser until she found what she was looking for. 

Once Ericka had pulled the black, lace-topped thigh high stockings up each leg, she moved back into the main space of her apartment wearing nothing else. 

Ericka took the newly purchased dong out of the package and washed it per the instructions, selected a DVD, then popped it in before sitting on her sofa. 

Ericka chose to start with "Teens Love Huge Cocks". While the title caught her eye initially, the back cover made her pussy yearn for the giant white cocks the video promised. As the first scene started, Ericka wasn't disappointed. Whether the cock was truly monsterous or it was just the contrast between a big cock and a tiny petite girl didn't much matter. Ericka was entranced. 

Ericka felt insatiable that night, watching the entirety of the first DVD and using the large dildo on herself repeatedly, in multiple positions. 

Ericka found that suction cup worked well on the corner of her coffee table, and so after some experimentation she had mastered her ability to ride it. 

Once comfortable on the dildo, Ericka focused on watching the porno while using her hands on her breasts and clit. 

Simultaneous stimulation of multiple erogenous zones was something she quickly became fond of. 

After multiple orgasms, Ericka looked at her clock and realized it was 4am. Exhausted yet still exhilarated, she finally decided to sleep. But, too tired to move from the couch, Ericka simply laid down and wrapped herself in a warm blanket, sleeping late into the morning.

Ericka was enjoying her new toys and using them daily, she needed the touch of a real man and she was starting to long for it. Finally, on the third weekend since she last saw Mike, Ericka decided she needed to do something. 

Though Ericka went out with the girls on several occasions, attracting the attention of plenty of guys each time with her gorgeous petite frame, perky tits and killer smile, she never intended to take them up on their advances. 

But the desire to be fucked by a real man had Ericka feeling extra horny one Friday night. She decided to entertain the advances that would surely come her way. 

Ericka, Jen and a group of girls were at a house party and Ericka had been chatting it up throughout the evening with a hot guy named Jay who was clearly into her. 

Ericka could feel the moistness in her panties and needed to get fucked, so she followed Jay to his bedroom when he asked her if she wanted to be alone for a bit. 

The couple fooled around for a bit, kissing and fondling, but when Jay pulled out his cock in attempt to bring things to the next level, Ericka did her best not to laugh out loud at him. 

The sad reality was that Jay was attractive, fit and had a "nice" cock by almost all reasonable standards. It was well manicured, circumcised, decent girth and 5" long. 

But Ericka's standards were anything but reasonable. The dildo she had been using nearly every day was easily three inches longer. The guy appeared to be on par from a thickness standpoint, so he had that going for him, Ericka thought. 

But what Ericka really wanted was more than twice the size of Jay, in terms of both length and thickness. Still, Ericka was horny and in the heat of the moment decided she would proceed. 

Jay pulled out a condom without her prompting and slid it on. Ericka stood, hiked her skirt up over her hips and dropped her panties to her ankles. As she did this, she could see Jay was clearly excited to see a woman take control like this. 

Ericka climbed on top of him and, grabbing his cock with her hand, slid down on top of him with ease. 

Ericka couldn't believe it, but she literally couldn't feel him inside her. As she dropped down fully onto his cock, only when his groin made contact with hers could she tell something was penetrating her. 

Apparently the feeling wasn't mutual, as Jay commented on how amazing she felt and how hot she was. After a few minutes in this position, Ericka dismounted, saying she wanted to lie on her back while Jay fucked her. 

Ericka positioned herself on the edge of the bed and told Jay to stand. She pulled her legs up in the air above her and pulled him in. As he again slid inside her with zero resistance, Ericka began massaging her clit with her fingers, determined to at least give herself an orgasm as she knew Jay was incapable of doing so. 

For a moment, Ericka tried to imagine Mike fucking her but her present partner was so small it was an exercise in futility. For his part, however, Jay continued to shower her with compliments as he fucked her gently. 

Ericka wasn't in the mood for a slow, sensual fucking, however, so she told him to fuck her harder and so he did. She told Jay to fuck her harder still, and begged him to go faster. Sensing her dominant, dirty talk was pushing him near the edge, Ericka did the same with her clit, increasing intensity. 

Ericka closed her eyes and concentrated only on herself, ignoring Jay who was trying his best but failing miserably at pleasuring her. 

Finally, Ericka came. Her orgasm was a shallow representation of what she felt with Mike or even her toys, but it felt good nonetheless to cum with a real cock inside her. 

Ericka's cumming must have been all it took for Jay, as he groaned and came inside the condom, still inside her. 

"That was amazing. You are amazing," Jay said to her. 

Ericka, fabricating a smile and a nod of agreement, excused herself from him, saying she needed to go to the bathroom and that she'd "be right back." 

Jay, perhaps thinking Ericka wanted to stay for more, got into his bed and said that he'd be there waiting for her. Ericka left his room and then promptly left the party, laughing to herself as she fled what was certain to be a second unsatisfying waste of her time had she stayed. 

It was official and Goth girl was right. Ericka knew she was a "size queen". She was determined to not make that mistake again. 

Ericka was now resigned to the fact that she wasn't going to find what she was looking for out in the wild and with her toys no longer tiding her over, she knew that her only real solution was to reconnect with Mike. 

The day after the house party, Ericka and Jen were at a local coffee shop, intermittently chatting and studying, and discussing the upcoming Halloween party Jen was planning at her apartment. 

Though Ericka said goodbye to Jen when she left the party before the rest of the girls, Jen noticed Ericka had disappeared before that for a period.

"You went off with that hot guy Jay, didn't you?" Jen inquired.

"Uh, yeah," Ericka replied begrudgingly, before smiling wryly. 

Jen shot her an inquisitive look and begged for details, so Ericka obliged her, getting more comfortable with frank sex talk.

"Well, we went to his room and fooled around for a while. Nothing major," Ericka said. 

"Riiiiiiight," Jen said, sarcastically. "He's hot. How was he?" 

Ericka's wry smile changed to an obvious look of disappointment, and she failed to offer a response. Instead, Jen answered for her.

"Yeah, I imagine after your hook ups with Mike that most guys will be disappointing," Jen asserted. 

Ericka knew Jen was right and, while embarrassed, knew better than to play coy with her. Jen wanted details and wouldn't relent until she got them. 

"He was so small," Ericka said, mimicking his penis size with her hands. 

Jen laughed out loud at the absurdity of the statement. 

"You know that's like average, right?" Jen asked Ericka. "But you said you were able to take Mike, so I guess anything short of that is going to be disappointing," she continued. 

Ericka nodded in agreement.

"I guess I'm sort of glad I couldn't handle him. If I had, I'm sure I wouldn't be able to stay with Matt and his six inch pecker," Jen said, her comment mostly pragmatic, but with a dash of disappointment. 

Although Ericka had heard Jen talk like this for years, the fact that she would say such things so unabashedly in public always made Ericka a little embarrassed. 

Noticing this, Jen changed the topic for a minute, turning to the Halloween party, which was going to be a large affair spread across multiple units in Jen's apartment complex. 

The idea was that each apartment, instead of candy, would hand out drinks to the resident trick or treaters. Additionally, the various apartments would have a theme, decorate accordingly and participate in a best decoration contest with the winner apparently just gaining bragging rights. 

Jen had been scheming about her theme and laid her plans out to Ericka. 

"I want to do a school social theme with some spiked punch. And all of us girls will dress up in the same sexy school girl uniforms," Jen suggested, excitedly. 

While Ericka knew "sexy" meant "slutty, skimpy, fuck me" and wasn't crazy about somebody dictating to her what she would wear, she again knew that arguing with Jen was an exercise in futility. That was confirmed when Jen continued 

"I already bought our outfits, so just swing by and pick it up whenever you'd like," Jen said. 

Well, that was that, Ericka thought.

"You're going to drive Mike crazy wearing it," Jen added.

Ericka instantly felt dizzy. 

"Mike's coming?" Ericka asked, trying to hide her instant and extreme level of excitement. 

"Yes," Jen said, then pausing. "But there is something you need to know. He has a girlfriend and she's coming too," Jen continued. 

Ericka was crestfallen. Again, as with the Kim incident, Ericka wasn't jealous of this other girl so much as she was fearful of not getting fucked silly by Mike. Ericka didn't want Mike as a boyfriend, she just wanted his giant, beautiful cock and insane sexual stamina. But Ericka figured that would be impossible if his girlfriend was along for this trip. 

Jen could clearly see Ericka's disappointment and then offered a glimmer of hope.

"Don't let that bitch get in your way. I know you want his dick and he wants to give it to you. Matt has told me as much," Jen added.

Ericka prodded for more details, simultaneously curious and mortified that the group was openly talking about her and Mike. 

Ericka was even more fearful that they knew that their typically reserved, responsible friend was really just a whore for this Mike's 9" cock, letting a relative stranger bareback her and cum inside and, worse, that she now craved that and only that. 

"Yeah, he's been dating this girl Jamie for most of his time in college. I've met her a few times and she's boring and standoffish. And she can't give Mike what he wants," Jen said, offering Ericka a glimmer of hope.

But Ericka's fears about her inner slut being revealed were largely confirmed when Jen continued.

"Mike told Matt straight up that their sex was terrible, infrequent and that she struggles with his size. He told Matt however that you, missy, takes it like a champ. Apparently you are quite the minx in the sack and Mike mentions you frequently to Matt," Jen said.

Ericka was beaming now, but then asked if that were the case, why did Mike stay with Jamie, and why hadn't he been around for a few weeks. 

"Apparently Jamie's parents are loaded and Mike is lined up for a good job in her dad's company after graduation. I should feel bad for her that he fucks around so much, but she's so bitchy I just can't. That is part of the reason he hasn't been around in a few weeks...they were back visiting her folks a couple times," Jen said.
