 Note: This is chapter twelve of a very long story. 28 chapters so far, with quite a ways to go before the tale is told. It is wide ranging and will eventually touch on interracial sex, dom women, lesbian sex, true love, group sex, revenge sex, bisexuality and much, much more. I hope you enjoy it. 

*****

CHAPTER TWELVE -- Tuesday night

When I arrived home, Jana was sitting at the table, looking over some papers.

"I'm home." I sang out, walking through the door and dumping an armload of clothes across the couch.

"Hello, you. Just catching up from missing work yesterday." she said.

I walked over to the table and kissed her.

Even though Jana didn't have to work due to her father's wealth, I knew that she worked hard and took her career seriously. Which made me love her even more.

"Let me know when you're finished there. I have some news for you."

She looked up and at me. "What?"

"It'll wait until you're done, and I have about 6 more loads of clothes to bring up."

She nodded and went back to her work.

I went into my room. The clothes I had dumped out on my bed that morning were hung and put away, folded and put into the dresser and the bed was made. 

Oh yeah, I thought, Tuesday. Margery was here today. It felt like Monday.

I quickly changed my clothes -- sweats and a t-shirt and tennis shoes, my hair in a ponytail.

When I was finished hauling up the clothes and dumping them on the bed, Jana was still working, so I busied myself putting away my clothes.

We finished about the same time. She came into my room and flopped down on the bed.

"I called the mover today and set everything up to get your stuff hauled over here. Go by there tomorrow at lunch or after work, and put a yellow sticky note on the things you want brought over here and the rest of it will go to Goodwill."

I marveled at her. Always so on the ball and two steps ahead of me.

Feeling playful, I jumped on top of her. "Thank you. That is so thoughtful." I kissed her on the neck.

"So, what's this big news you have?" she asked.

"I have a date Saturday night."

"Shut Up!" she squealed. "You do not!"

"I DO!" I couldn't stop smiling.

"Oh my god! TELL!" She was smiling too.

"It's Mr. Jackson. My boss."

"Why you slutty little harlot. Barely out of one relationship with a complete pervert, then you lure me into your bed with your wanton sluttiness, and now you've managed to seduce your boss!"

I nodded vigorously, grinning from ear to ear.

"Oh my god. Jack is such a hottie! I would so fuck his lights out!"

I rolled off of her and threw myself down on the bed next to her. "Oh, fuck me Mr. Jackson, fuck me harder!" I panted as I bucked my hips up and down on the bed.

We both laughed and laughed.

"We have to go to dinner. You have to tell me all about how you managed to pull this off."

She kissed me full on the lips and bounded out of the room. "I'm going to put on some jeans. Get dressed!"

Shortly, we were on our way to our favorite pizza place. We got a dark booth in the back corner.

"Ok, tell me. Every detail." 

Over pizza and margaritas, in hushed tones, I told her the entire story, leaving out none of the details. She hung on every word, nodding now and then. When I got to the falling down part, she stopped me.

"You actually grabbed his cock?" she asked, her eyes and smile wide.

I pointed to my left hand, grinned and nodded as I lowered my lips to my straw for a sip of my margarita.

She howled. Her laughter was like music.

"And it was hard?"

I shrugged, "It felt... big."

"Oh. My. God." she said.

I finished the rest of it, telling her how he had turned my invitation around on me and we ended up making a date at his house.

"Ok, you know that he and my dad are best friends, right?"

"Yes, he got me the interview in the first place. We handle all your dad's legal stuff."

"Right. I had forgotten that. They used to hang out with my mom and dad all the time. My mom and June were great friends."

"We heard all about his divorce. June was cheating on him with the pool boys. The black pool boys. God only knows who else."

She went on. "He walked right in on her one morning. They were fucking her from both ends on a chaise lounge by the pool. He was devastated."

"I would imagine." I said.

"Anyhow, after the divorce, she moved out west somewhere. We've never seen or heard from her again."

"I wonder why they never had kids."

"She couldn't."

"Awww. He'd be a great dad."

"He sure would. And get this. My mom has been trying to fix him up for years now, but he's incredibly gun-shy and really choosy about who he goes out with."

"That's understandable." I said, silently pleased at this.

"He'll go out a few times, be the perfect gentleman, and then just quit calling. Mom says that she doesn't think he's slept with anyone since his divorce. None of the friends she's fixed him up with have, that's for sure, and they have really tried. Those single friends of Mom's are relentless. Especially for a catch like him."

"Really?"

"That's what she thinks. She says that June cheating on him truly broke his heart, that he really loved her. She thinks he's afraid of getting hurt like that again and won't let anyone near him."

"That's so sad. I never knew. I've heard talk at the office talk about how hard the divorce was for him, but I never knew the details." I said.

"I'll bet that you're the only person outside of the two of them and my family who know those details. He's very private. Well, and the two pool boys who were spit roasting June." She giggled.

"Oh, and one last tidbit. Mom says he never invites anyone he dates to his house. Ever."

I looked at my phone. It was still early. 7:45.

"What are we going to do now?" I asked, changing the subject.

"Let's see, we're not dressed to do much." she said, thoughtful. "I know, let's go down to Jimmy's and see who's playing tonight. We can walk from here."

I agreed. I paid the bill and we walked out the door. It was just beginning to get dark.

"I'm happy for you." she said.

"I knew you would be."

"He's a prize. If he weren't an old family friend, I'd be chasing him, but it would be like dating my uncle. I'll be totally jealous if you two hook up and get serious."

"No you wouldn't. You'd be happy for me. And besides, the chances of that are pretty remote. This is just a thank you dinner. It's not really a date, date."

She smiled up at me "We shall see." She reached out and put her arm around my waist and pulled me closer as we walked.

"I have you for another 6 nights at least. You have to pay off your bet." She smiled up at me.

We stopped. I leaned down and gave her a kiss. "A Thomas girl always pays her debts."

We walked the remaining two blocks down to Jimmy's. Being a Tuesday night, it wasn't crowded. A local cover band was playing halfheartedly in the back of the room. We got a table near the bar and ordered drinks.

"This place is not happening tonight. But it's early still." she said as she looked around the room. She began flipping through her phone. I saw her pecking away, presumably texting someone.

We chatted about everything and nothing, just enjoying each others company.

About 30 or 45 minutes after we had sat down, I saw Jana look up and smile broadly.

"Oh look. It's Justin and Mike. What a pleasant surprise." She looked at me and winked.

They walked over and Jana made introductions. I knew Justin a little. Jana had dated him a few times that I knew of. Mike was new to me.

They joined us at the table, and the bartender brought them a each a beer.

Mike was tall, about 6' 2", had sandy blonde hair. Cute. About 27 or 28 I was guessing. 

We all made small talk, pretended to listen to the band and people watched as the club filled up to about half full. 

At 10:00, a new band came onstage. A big improvement over the first one. Much more energy, and danceable.

We all danced. I took turns with both Justin and Mike. Jana and I took a few turns together as well. It was fun and there wasn't any hookup pressure, just dancing and drinking and having fun.

About 11:00 Jana said, "We had better be heading home. I have a full day tomorrow." 

I paid our tab and we moved out to the sidewalk. I saw Jana whispering to Justin for a few moments as we were saying our goodbyes. 

As I was saying goodbye to Mike, I overheard Jana say to Justin, "9:00. Don't be late." She gave him a kiss.

We walked back to the car. I was just a teeny little bit tipsy, about as much as I ever like to be. The night had turned cool, just a bit nipple-y.

Jana drove us home.

We undressed, removed our makeup and climbed into my bed together. She cuddled in close to me, her leg draped across my thighs, her arm across my tummy.

"Are you ready to pay another installment of your debt?" she asked.

"I am." I said, wondering what sort of delicious treat she had in mind for me tonight.

"Ok, this is what I want. I want you to tell me a story. A sexy story. Involving you and two other people. I can't be one of those people." she said. "Begin."

I caught myself chewing my lip, took a deep breath and said:

**********

I am traveling somewhere in southern Europe, let's call it Southern Spain. I am on a train. I am traveling alone. I have just broken up with my lover the week before, after I caught him cheating with my best friend, the slut. 

(I gave Jana a little pinch on the side of her breast, and she gave me a squeeze)

My heart is broken, because I was in love with him, and by the betrayal of my best friend, the slut.

(Jana giggled and said 'you're cheating')

I take the train to try and forget, and to try and mend my poor, poor broken heart.

The second night as I am sitting in the dining car alone, I notice a man. He is staring at me with dark and brooding eyes. He is alone.

He is dark skinned. He looks to be Persian, perhaps Turkish. Tall, broad shouldered, wavy black hair. Elegantly dressed in a dark suit and tie.

Just as I am about to signal the porter over to send him an invitation to dine with me, a petite woman joins him. She is exceptionally beautiful. He stands and bows as she arrives. They sit together.

My hopes for a night of passion dashed, I turn my attention to the menu.

Presently, I look up to see the exceptionally beautiful woman standing next to my table. In perfect English and what sounds like an exclusive English boarding school accent, she invites me to join them. I look over at the man. He is smiling warmly. His dark eyes smoulder. 

I accept the invitation and move to their table. The dark, brooding man stands and bows as I arrive. He takes my hand and kisses it lightly. He makes a little sign with his hand and whispers to the attentive porter. The porter disappears through the door at the back of the car.

Soon, a meal appears. An elegant, 5 star meal, prepared by their personal chef and brought from their private dining car. I learn that their private accommodation consists of 4 cars; 1 each for Dining, sleeping, sitting and storage.

The conversation is engaging, the meal is delicious, and I feel an immediate connection with them both. They explain to me that they had grown tired of their private car and had come up to the dining car in hopes of finding suitable companionship for the remainder of their journey. They are on their way to Paris, the same as I.

They go on to explain that the man, Julian, is nephew to the Prince of Monaco and that she is his mistress. Because of dynastic concerns, they cannot marry.

After the meal, they invite me to their private car for an after-dinner aperitif. 

I accept. Drinks are poured by a man-servant who remains silent and keeps his eyes to himself.

The drink is strong and sweet. I have never tasted the like of it before. Absinthe, she names it. It makes me light headed.

The beautiful woman takes me by the hand and leads me to the sleeping car. It is as if I were floating though the air with her. The décor of the sleeping car is decadent and lush. She leads me to the bed. She undresses me. She undresses herself. 

I see the man watching from a chair in the corner. He has removed his jacket.

The petite woman is on top of me. Licking, probing, squeezing, her long black hair across my breasts. Her tongue inside me. It is like a dream. My orgasm floats in and out of my body, sometimes heavy, sometimes like a feather. Cresting and peaking, then retreating. Ongoing.

I look and see the beautiful man sitting naked. His long thin cock draped over his thigh. It is uncircumcised and beautiful. I see it rising off his thigh, throbbing bigger with each beat of his heart. It is curved upward with a prominent glans. I wonder how it will feel inside me, in my mouth, in my cunt. Perhaps he will want to take me anally. I decide that I would not resist should he want my virgin rosebud.

The petite woman ties my wrists and then my ankles to the posts of the canopied bed. She is atop me, rubbing, licking, probing, grinding. My orgasm running through me like a forest fire.

She lightly thrusts her pussy into my face, her scent intoxicating and exotic. I lick her until my tongue is deep inside her pussy and she is moaning in a language I do not understand. 

Her sweet juices flood my face as her orgasm peaks and makes her shudder and cry out. Once her orgasm is complete, the exotic woman unties me.

The handsome man, suddenly at my side, his cock looming above me. 

He is rough where she was gentle. The contrast between them is wonderful. He flips me onto all fours enters me forcefully from behind, like a man used to taking what he wants.

He firmly pushes me down onto my tummy. He thrusts his thin, uncircumcised cock into me over and over and over, his hands beneath me, pinching and squeezing my tender breasts. His long, thin cock is like molten steel, hard, hot. He is fucking my cunt savagely. My orgasm is equally savage. It rips through me.

He takes my hips in his hands and pulls me against him, he is in me deeper than anyone before him, slamming my tender cunt with his long, slender cock. My cunt is on fire. The intensity of my orgasm is nearly unbearable as he slams his uncircumcised cock into me again and again and again. I feel the juices from my cunt running down my thighs.

Suddenly, I feel his molten steel against the last of my virginity. Slowly, forcefully, unyeildingly, he pushes his throbbing cock into me. I cry out - in pain or pleasure, I cannot say.

He slams into me over and over and over. I am lost in this new sensation of pleasure and pain and dominance. 

I feel his orgasm before he does. I feel it deep inside me as his cock gets thicker, harder, hotter. He pours himself into me, collapsing against my back.

Then I am kneeling between his legs, his long, uncircumcised cock in my mouth. I suck and stroke his cock, mesmerized by its texture, the way his foreskin moves against my tongue, the taste of us mingled together. I want his cum in me again, to taste it, to swallow it, to posses it.

I suck faster and harder and stroke it tighter. I sense this pleases the handsome man who is nephew of the Prince. 

She is behind me, pinching, fingering, purring against my cunt, licking the dirty hole that had just been so savagely fucked. My orgasm does not stop, it washes over me again and again and again. Relentlessly.

Again, I feel his orgasm approaching. I have him deep in my mouth, stroking with one hand, his balls in the other. The thick head of his thin cock straining.

She is licking my cunt with long, deep strokes. She is pushing her tongue deep into my dripping pucker. She is sucking out what was recently left there.

His orgasm explodes across my tongue and lips as I stroke and suck and lick his dark cock.

When he is spent, she is kissing me deeply, sharing his taste, his gift, sharing him with me. She purrs against me. 

The train rolls on through the night.

The End.

**********

"That was delicious." Jana said. "I especially liked how you made him uncircumcised. Saying that he had a 'long thin cock' was a nice touch too. Oh yeah, and using the word 'cunt' was especially hot."

"Thank you." 

I am pleased that she liked it.

"Have you ever had anal?" she asks.

"No, but the last few days have me curious about it."

"Feel my cunt." she says as she kisses me. 

She takes my hand and pushes it down against her very wet and swollen cunt. Her clitoris is fully exposed atop her pussy.

"Now, make me cum." she orders me.

"As you wish." I said, and remembered the way she taught me how to make our cunts kiss one another.