 Note: This is chapter eight of a very long story. 28 chapters so far. It is wide ranging and will eventually touch on interracial sex, dom women, lesbian sex, true love, revenge and much, much more. I hope you enjoy it. 

*****

CHAPTER EIGHT -- Monday Morning

My phone alarm went off at 6:30. It was Monday morning. Ugh.

My boyfriend -- Jason -- was the first one out of bed. He walked out of the bedroom. I listened as he went into the bathroom. I nuzzled into Jana's neck.

"It's time to get up, Love."

"Fuck that. I'm not going to work today. I'm sick." 

I giggled at that.

"That's a great idea. I'm sick too." I kissed the back of her neck.

I picked up my phone and sent a quick text to my boss at the law firm where I worked.

"Ugh. Sick today. Can't come in." 

He's a sweet boss. He's 42 years old, divorced, and a brilliant attorney. His name is on the door. I've always had a big crush on him.

"No worries. Feel better. Hope to see you tomorrow." his reply said.

I pressed against Jana's back, holding her in my arms. She was snoring very softly softly. It was a beautiful sound. Musical almost. I loved her harder for it. I dozed.

After a while, I felt Jason sit on the edge of the bed.

"Erika."

I rolled over and opened my eyes. He was dressed in the slacks, shirt and blazer he had worm over here last night.

"I'm going to work. Can we talk later?"

"Of course. Just call me."

He bent over to give me a kiss, aiming for my forehead. I pulled his face to me and kissed him on the lips.

"I hope you have a good day." I told him.

"This weekend has been the best ever. I'm going to have an amazing day." he said with a bright smile.

I smiled at him. "It has been an interesting weekend, and I'm really grateful that you've enjoyed it."

He left, and I rolled back into my cuddle with Jana and fell into a deep sleep.

It was 9:30 when I woke up again.

Jana was rousing as well.

"Good morning love." she said.

I kissed her.

"Good morning."

She stretched her arms above her head, pulling her delicious breasts tight against her chest. I couldn't resist, I put my hand on them and squeezed gently.

"These are amazing. I wish they were mine." I said.

"They are, love."

She turned and pulled my face to them. I rubbed my face all over them, kissing, licking.

We made love. Sleepy, soft, sensual lovemaking. It was deeply satisfying. It felt natural, right.

When we were done, she went to the shower. I put on my robe and went to the kitchen to put on some coffee. I sat at the dining room table, reflecting on the weekend. Thinking about all that had transpired, I made some decisions.

I was going to break up my boyfriend -- Jason. His name is Jason, I thought.

I was going to do it gently, with as much kindness as possible. I didn't know exactly how to go about that yet, but that's what I was going to try and do. Despite the events of the weekend, I knew the relationship was going nowhere and I certainly couldn't see myself with him long-term. He deserved the chance to find someone who could.

I was going to go to law school. I have the grades, I have good legal experience as lead paralegal at the law firm where I work and Daddy said he would help me pay for it. I had already been accepted, but put it off. No more. It was time to get busy.

I decided also that I would take my Daddy's advice to heart, and begin a process of deliberate reflection on what I want and how to go about getting it.

I also knew that I had to decide what to do about my relationship with Jana, but that was a decision that we would make together.

I got up and poured two cups of coffee just as Jana came into the kitchen, toweling her hair. She was naked. Her glorious body shimmering in the mid-morning light, and so lovely.

I told her of my decisions.

"Here is another one for you to make." she said. "I want you to move in with me."

"Ohhhh-kay...." I said, surprised at the suggestion.

"Look, I know it's a horrible cliché -- the joke about the lesbian second date and all -- but it just makes a lot of sense. If you're going to law school -- an idea I approve of wholeheartedly -- money is going to be tight. My loft is paid for so it won't cost you a dime to live there." 

"We'll assume that they will let you keep working part-time and assume that you'll come out about even as far as money goes. Basically everything you earn will be for your personal expenses and spending money. And if they don't let you go part-time, you'll be set at my place anyway."

"Plus, it is a fabulous place and way too big for just me -- I mean c'mon, I have four bedrooms."

"AND, we would get to spend a lot more time together."

It was a compelling argument.

I realized I was ravenously hungry. "Let's go to lunch and talk about it." I said smiling warmly at her.

"Splendid idea!" She stood up and bounced into the bedroom. I went to the shower.

Standing under the hot water, I had to admit that I liked the idea of moving in with Jana. Her apartment was a downtown loft that was completely fantastic, and the idea of going to law school without asking Daddy for help appealed a great deal.

But I wondered, does this mean that I'm now in an exclusive lesbian relationship?

Is that what I really want? A lot to think about on that one.

I decided that we would just have to have an honest discussion about it.

Jana stepped into the bathroom.

"Holy hell. All I have to wear is this ridiculous outfit I had on last night. I tried to put on a pair of your shorts, but couldn't get them over my big ass."

I laughed at that. "I adore your ass." I said. "It's spectacular." 

I found a t-shirt and a pair of sweats for her to put on.

"We'll have to go by my apartment." She said.

After my shower, I went into the bedroom to dress. "Where are we going for lunch?" I asked.

"Let's do Danni's." she said. "They make the best Bloody Mary in town and I could use one."

Danni's is casual, so I put on jeans. Standing in front of my closet, I was picking out a blouse. 

Jana said, "The green one. It looks so good on you." 

Done.

I walked to the dresser and picked out a bra. She stood up as I was slipping it over my shoulders and hooked the back for me as I held my long brown hair up. She kissed me lightly on the back.

I could get used to this, I thought.

We walked out of my apartment and drove toward her house in her BMW. 

"Last night was interesting..." I said softly.

"Honey, it was way more than interesting."

"I kind of felt sorry for him at one point, but I think he actually enjoyed it." I said.

"I couldn't believe that he came without being touched. I didn't know that was possible."

"I know, right?"

Jana said, "What I feel sorry for him about is that tiny little dick he's got."

"Oh c'mon, It's not tiny."

"It's pretty small." she said. "There is no way that thing is even 5 inches long. It's way closer to 4 inches." I didn't reply.

"Haven't you ever had a big cock?" she asked me.

"Well, David was bigger than Jason." I said.

"David was a rat bastard. How much bigger?"

"I don't know! Bigger!" I laughed. "Am I supposed to measure every dick I see?"

She laughed too.

"Seriously, have you had one as big as the Super Realistic 8 Inch Jelly Dong?"

"God No!" I shrieked. The thought of something that size in my little pussy frightened me a little.

"Aww, you got to get on that." She said.

I made a mental note of that comment, but let it go.

Finally at her apartment building we took the elevator up to her place. I hadn't been there in a while and realized how easy it is to forget how big, roomy and nicely done it is. 

The view is spectacular, the furnishings and decor tasteful but not precious. Mostly understated, but with a tasteful, splashy something in each room -- it was a perfect reflection of her personality. She had put a lot of thought and effort into it -- along with what I suspected was a hefty amount of cash.

We walked back to her bedroom. She took off my sweats and t-shirt, and pulled on a pair of jeans and a tight v-neck sweater that made her breasts look fabulous.

She held up two pair of shoes. "The flats, or the sandals?"

"The sandals. Definitely the sandals." I said.

We left her apartment and went back down to her car. 

Driving to Danni's, she said, "So, what's your breakup plan?"

"I was just thinking about that. I think after lunch, I'll go over and pick up some of the things I've left over there. It isn't really that much. Some clothes, a few books, a couple of kitchen things and toiletries..." I trailed off, thinking.

He had asked me to move in with him several times, but I always resisted. Something I was now exceedingly grateful for. I guess I've always known that he wasn't the one.

"I don't want to hurt him."

"I think if you tell him that you're moving in with me, it will make things easier. Don't you?"

"I don't know, Jana. The weekend has been so... such a complete shift in perspective. For all three of us. I honestly don't know how he will react."

"Well, there is something to the idea of doing it quick -- like ripping off a band-aid."

I nodded. We had arrived at Danni's.

Seated, we ordered lunch and Bloody Marys.

"Have you made up your mind about moving in?" she asked.

I looked across the table at her. Her beautiful blue eyes expectant. My love for her swelled up in my throat.

"I think so."

"and...?"

"I want to..." I trailed off.

"But you're not sure if you're ready to be in a committed lesbian relationship." She said softly. I heard the quotes around the word 'lesbian'.

"Which is good as far as I'm concerned, because I'm not sure either."

I looked at her, grateful that she knew me so well, and a little embarrassed that she said that out loud in a crowded restaurant. I blushed.

"Listen to me, I love you. Forever and always. Who you choose to sleep with -- to have sex with -- has absolutely no bearing on that. I don't want to own you, but I do want you close to me, always and forever."

She went on. "I'm pretty sure that you're not ready to give up men, and I know for certain that I'm not. One day, maybe, but not now. I might want to push out a kid for Daddy to spoil one day, I don't know. Life is just too much fun, too rich, too full of possibilities right now to limit myself."

"If you want a monogamous relationship with me, I'm prepared to do that. But it's not my first choice. What I would prefer is that we agree to be honest, open and up front with each other, and share our lives with one another, including our sex lives, and make decisions about that stuff together. I refuse to be ruled by jealousy. You choose who you sleep with."

"I might fall in love with a man tomorrow. You might too. We might both get married and live happily ever after, and part of me hopes we do. We might also decide that we do want a monogamous relationship tomorrow, next week, next year, whenever. That will all work itself out in time."

"But no matter if it is monogamous or not, it will be a committed relationship -- it actually already is for me. I am committed to you heart, body and soul. Nothing will ever change that. We will always be best friends, no matter what happens. Even if we never make love again, I will treasure these past couple of days for the rest of my life. I have no interest in other women -- I'm not attracted to other women at all -- it's you. It's always been you. I don't know exactly why that is, but I've accepted it as an essential fact of my existence."

"And honestly, it would be foolish of you to commit to monogamous relationship right now anyhow, fresh out of one. At least until after you've made love to a real man with a real cock -- not those boys you've always been with -- and I intend to help make sure that happens. Soon."

"If you aren't ready to move in right now, I understand, but the offer is always there. Take all the time you need to decide. I don't want to coerce you into this. I want -- I need -- you to do this with your eyes wide open, your heart wide open and fully aware that it is a conscious, active decision that is best for you, and truly is what you want to do."

It almost made me dizzy. She had clearly thought this through. I reached across the table and stroked her hand. My pussy was on fire. I had never wanted anything so bad as I wanted to crawl across the table and make love with her right there on the table. I was absolutely aflame with desire.

"Your options for the future are wide open, and I have no desire to put any limits on that whatsoever. I love you too much for that."

"So there is really no downside for you, when you weigh it all out. A fabulous downtown apartment for free, lots of support when you are in law school, a committed and loving relationship, more money in your pocket -- you can even quit your job if you want, I have plenty of money for both of us -- and all the fabulous sex you could possibly want."

"And me." She smiled brightly.

She took my hand in hers and gave it a little squeeze.

"Yes."

"Yes?"

"Yes." I looked at her liquid blue eyes. She was beaming and on the verge of tears at the same time.

Our food had arrived. We ate. We made plans about moving, had another Bloody Mary and laughed and giggled like the most carefree two people on earth.

I checked my phone. It was 2:30.

"We had better get going if we're going to do this now. And we need to do it now before I lose my nerve."

Jana said, "The strong, confident, assertive woman I saw last night doesn't lose her nerve when there is something unpleasant to do."

"OK. Let's go."

We drove over to Jason's place. I let us in with my key and we walked in. I looked around. It looked like he had left in a hurry last night. It was pretty messy. I could see the reflected glow of his laptop on the wall behind his little desk in the front room.

I walked back into the bedroom. I opened the drawer in his dresser that I used. There were 4 packages of the same brand of pantyhose he had brought over last night on top of my things. All were a different color and style. 

Jana walked in behind me. She said, "You have to come see this." 

I followed her out to the front room. She walked behind the desk and pointed to his screen. I came around and looked.

A website was up on his screen. The title of the site was "Loving Wives & Cuckolds."

I looked over at Jana. She was smiling wickedly. I looked back down at the screen. The subtitle of the site was "Men who love women who sleep with other men."

"Get all your stuff. Every last thing. We are going to clear you out of here completely right now."

I looked at her again. I could see the wheels turning in her head.

"We are also going to give him a lovely parting gift." She leaned over and kissed me. "Now, get busy."

"What are you going to do?" I asked, a little concerned.

"Just go. It's after 3:00 and he'll be here before you know it."

I started in the bathroom and put all my things in a bag I found in the closet. I moved to the bedroom and started cleaning out my drawer. I put the 4 packages of pantyhose on top of the dresser, and all my things in another bag from the kitchen. It really wasn't that much stuff. I was a little surprised at how little it was considering all the times I had slept over and how long we had been together.

I decided that I needed to make sure there wasn't anything in any of the other drawers. I didn't want to have to come back and face that.

In the first drawer I opened, I saw two pair of pantyhose. The cum stained pair I had worn the other night, and a pair that I didn't recognize. I was immediately sure they were a matching brand to the 4 packages atop his dresser. I remembered the receipt said 6 pair. They had been worn.

There were also several dildos and vibrators in the drawer. Could those have been there all along? I tried to think if I had ever been in that drawer before. I didn't think I had. Not recently anyway.

I picked up the pair of pantyhose that matched the ones on the dresser delicately by the hem, and let the legs fall down. There was a neat hole cut in the crotch and what were obviously cum stains all over them.

Naturally, Jana picked that exact moment to walk in.

"Oh my. He has been a naughty, naughty boy." she said, surprising me.

I jumped a little.

"You don't think there is someone else..." I trailed off.

"Of course not. He's a wanker. He said last night that he loves wearing them. That hole is for his little dick to stick out when he wanks."

"You won't believe that website." she said.

"You didn't!"

"Of course I did!" she exclaimed.

"Jana! That's private!"

"If he wanted it to be private, he'd shut that shit down before he leaves the house!" 

She saw the pantyhose packages on the dresser. "These are nice. Very expensive stuff. He has good taste in his kink, I'll say that for him."

I sighed and finished putting my things in the bag.

"Come and look at this." 

We walked out to the front room. She sat down in front of the computer. I stood behind her.

"He has an account on this site, and about a dozen more on similar sites from what I can tell. His handle is 'NeedItHard27' on all of them. He is able to send private messages to other users, tag his favorites, download videos, stuff like that."

"Jana, we shouldn't..." But I didn't walk away.

"We shouldn't, but we are." she said flatly.

"Look at the names of the videos he's tagged as favorites." 

She began to read off the titles. "'he licks black cum from white pussy', 'black bull impregnates white slut', 'cum-sucking sissy cum slut', 'she forces him to suck black cock', 'interracial cum slut snowballs her sissy pantyhose wearing hubby', 'bigdick black tranny leaves a creampie for hubby' 'my black lover buttfucks my hubby'.'

She let out a low whistle. "Good grief. I always thought he was so dull. He's got a wicked dirty kink to him."

She turned and looked up at me. "You're lucky to have found this out. This is the kind of thing that will turn ugly for him some day if he's not careful."

She clicked on the video titled 'she forces him to suck black cock'. The video started and we both watched, fascinated, as a thin blonde woman's face appeared on the screen, sucking the biggest black cock I had ever seen. It looked to be a foot long. It was so thick that the blonde woman's hand wouldn't close around it as she sucked the first few inches greedily.

"There is no way that is a real cock!" I exclaimed. "That has to be fake!"

"It's not fake, sweetheart, I promise you." She looked up at me with a faint smile and then back to the screen. "That is one beautiful cock."

My hands wandered to my nipples. They were fully erect. My pussy was hot and wet.

We watched as the blonde woman draped herself across the back of a couch. The black man stood in front of her as she sucked his cock.

The camera angle changed and we saw the black man in full for the first time. He was tall, well built and completely bald. A white man was sitting across the room, naked, stroking his little white dick.

The blonde woman called him over. She kissed him on the lips, with a sloppy wet kiss after taking the black cock out of her mouth. She then instructed him to lick her pussy to prepare it for the 'big black cock that is about to fuck me like a black cock loving whore'.

He eagerly did exactly that. Once she was sufficiently licked, she told him to lie on the floor, whereupon she got on all fours over him, her pussy above his face. She sucked his cock for a minute. It was blisteringly hard.

Shortly, the black man appeared behind her, and roughly pushed his cock into her pussy. She screamed out in pleasure as he started pumping his black horse cock in and out of her pussy -- right above the white man's face.
