 CHAPTER FIFTEEN -- Wednesday Night Late

Ten minutes later, I was in my big, soft bed, slowly stroking my finger through my pussy, trying desperately not to cum. I had been given strict instructions not to when I was sent in here.

Jana was saying goodbye to Justin and shooing him out the door. It was taking forever.

Finally, walked through to the bathroom, and I heard the water running.

She walked in a few minutes later. She had washed all the cum from her face and breasts, and had run a brush through her hair. She was gloriously naked.

She stood at the foot of the bed. Her breasts high and hard.

"Come down here."

I scooted down to the foot of the bed. My ass was on the edge, my feet on the floor.

"Turn over."

I turned over. 

She took me by the hips and pulled me up to my trembling knees. My chest still flat against the bed. My green baby doll nightie had fallen up to my shoulders.

I had just watched her fuck Justin's thick cock while I was putting on a lingerie fashion show for them. He had cum with his cock between her tits, making a holy mess of her with a shocking amount of cum.

I felt Jana's hot breath against my pussy.

"Please..." was all I could say. I was in heat. If I didn't cum soon, I would surely die.

I felt the barest whisper of her tongue on my exposed asshole. It clenched.

"Please..."

I felt her hands on my ass, gently pulling me back open.

Her tongue, licking my ass. Me, giving myself over to it.

"Please..." A whisper, a plea.

Her tongue moved down and snaked deep into my pussy hole. I pushed back against her, trying to get it in deeper.

She went back and forth, from pushing her tongue deep into my pussy hole, to tickling my ass hole with the tip of her tongue.

My poor, unloved clitoris was ignored as she went up and down between the two holes. And then, I felt her full lips kiss me in that spot between them.

I shuddered as I felt her teeth against it, biting me with more force than you would think would feel good. It was sublime.

"Please..."

Finally, she moved down. I arched my back and spread my knees a bit, trying to get as open as possible for her. She licked the tender spot just below my clit, her nose pressing against my asshole.

"Please..." I was begging. Tears were falling from my eyes.

And then, sweet jesus, her tongue against my hard clitoris. Just the barest hint of it. Sweet, sweet torture.

I felt her tongue way under me, above my clit. She flicked her tongue back and forth, increasing the pressure ever so slowly.

And all at once, her full mouth on me, pressing into my pussy, sucking, licking and nibbling my clitoris with a passionate fierceness. Explosions of white light in my head. It filled the entire universe.

I don't think I actually passed out, but it was something very nearly that. It was unlike anything I could have conceived. I don't really even remember it, just that I was transported to some place 'other'.

When I came back to the world, I was lying on the bed on my back. Jana was lying next to me, up on one elbow, lightly stroking my tummy with her fingertips. Her long hair cascading down, framing her face like a blonde halo.

"Hello there." she said, smiling softly.

I reached up and pulled her down to kiss me.

"Ummm. Hello."

My body was still vibrating lightly. I knew that just a touch would get me going again.

"That was incredible." I said. "All of it."

"I'm glad you liked it. All of it."

I didn't know where to start.

"Were you jealous?" she asked.

"Just a bit, just for a moment." I admitted. "But it was ok when I realized that we were sharing something."

"Erika, my one true love, I am watching you grow, right in front of my eyes. The timid woman I have always loved, who was so unsure of herself of just last week, is growing into a strong, self-confident, self-assured woman. It is lovely to see."

I kissed her again. My libido was asking me why we weren't making love.

"I owe it all to you."

"No, you owe it to the decision to buy that first pair of pantyhose and wear them for Jason that night. You're doing this. All I'm doing is watching and going along for the ride."

I thought about that and wasn't sure she was right, but let it go. 

"So, Justin's cock..." I said.

She burst out in a huge smile. "I know! Isn't it just the damnedest thing you've ever seen?"

I nodded.

"It feels amazing. There is something about the way it gets so thick at the bottom that is just... I don't know how to describe it. It stretches me in the best way."

"I've never seen so much cum."

"Yes, he's a big shooter, that's for sure."

"I was jealous of that part." I said. "You were so beautiful. When you sat up, your hair wild, cum all over you... It was breathtaking." She kissed me again. Her lips soft and warm.

"Oh, and the way your lips felt against mine after you had been sucking him... Oh my god... That was amazing. I really loved that." She kissed me again.

"I wonder what it feels like to have a cock like that inside me."

"Your day is coming. Maybe Saturday night." she said, referring to my date with Mr. Jackson.

"Jana! I'm not going to fuck him. It's a 'thank you' dinner!" I protested.

She smiled at me as if to say 'you poor dumb thing, don't you know anything?'

"I called my mom today."

I looked up at her, thinking she had changed the subject. I put my head on her chest.

"How's mom?"

Even I called Jana's mom 'mom'. Once she had heard that I had lost my mom when I was a little girl, it was over. She even called me her 'other daughter'. I loved her. I decided I needed to see her or give her a call. It had been too long.

"She's fine. They are getting ready to go over to Paris in a couple of weeks."

I lay against her, happy and serene.

"I talked to her about Mr. Jackson."

"Oh? You didn't tell her about..."

"Of course not."

"So, what did you talk with her about?"

"I asked her if he was dating anyone. He isn't."

"Big news."

"Well, it sort of is. She said he hasn't dated anyone that she knows of in several months and she can't get him interested in anyone. She told me that Daddy says he hasn't slept with anyone since he and June divorced. I mean, we know he's sort of shy, but she can't figure it out. Wealthy, handsome, wicked smart, funny..."

"Yes. All of that. Your point?"

"Well, let's look at the facts. Cheating wife. Ugly divorce. Only politely interested in the women mom tries to set him up with. Not a 'playa'. Prostitutes are not his style."

"Ok. How did you bring him up anyhow?"

"I told her that you had decided to go to law school. She said to tell you 'congratulations' by the way. And I told her that he was basically going to pay your way. And remember, he and June were big buds with mom and dad. They were around all the time when I was a kid. He and daddy still see each other all the time. Tennis, golf, fishing, that stuff. He's kind of like an uncle. I've always known him."

"So that's how his name 'came up'." she made air quotes.

"I see." I said. "Did you tell her we're living together?"

"No. Not yet. So anyway, I have a theory."

"Let's hear it."

"I think that June completely broke his heart. That he never saw it coming and he is completely gun shy and doesn't know how to trust anyone ever again." She paused. "I also think that he is totally crushing on you, and has been for a long time now."

I laughed. "Don't be silly. He's my boss. He's sweet to me, but he's never given any indication... That's just silly."

"Think about it -- and this is where your emotional/social perception issues show up -- by the time you started working there, you were already dating the sissy."

I cringed a little inside at hearing her describe Jason like that.

"And he is nothing if not always a perfect gentleman. And he's a very guarded and private person. And he is not interested in other women. And we know he's not gay."

"Right. Ok."

"So, you walk your gorgeous self into his office and announce that you've broken up with your boyfriend, and that you have decided to go to law school, and what does he do? He asks about your emotional state, and then immediately offers to pay for your school. And, he told you how he had looked into the old boyfriend with his boss. And he said he was 'affected by you' and that he 'let his imagination run away'. And he invited you to his house. Oh, he's interested all right."

I was trying to follow her reasoning, and failing.

"Think. Why would he make such an offer?" she asks me.

"Because he's a good and decent man?" I offer.

"He is most certainly that, but keep thinking." She says.

"You're not suggesting that he's trying to... to buy me are you?

"No of course not, not consciously anyhow. But understand, men like that use money as a social lubricant. It buys access. It opens doors. He opened your door the only way he knows how."

"His invitation was a safe way for him to signal that he was 'open' to you. And you responded immediately, didn't you?" 

I was shocked because I did respond immediately. I had practically thrown myself at him now that I thought about it. I was a bit disappointed in myself suddenly. Was I that... gullible? That easy?

She went on. "He couldn't just come out an ask you out, that wouldn't be proper because you are his employee, but when you opened the dinner door with your invitation, he walked right through it and took control."

I swooned inside at the thought of him taking control of me.

"When you signaled that you were 'available' by offering to cook dinner for him, he turned it around on you -- and this is important -- he invited you to his most private and guarded place. His home. Something that we know is a very rare thing."

My head was spinning. It was too much to think about.

"Can we just talk about Justin's cock some more?" I asked.

She laughed and rolled up on top or me, her breasts pushing against mine. She leaned down and kissed me and pressed her thigh against my suddenly wide awake pussy.

"Your fashion show had us both so worked up, I can't begin to tell you. I was wishing I had a cock to fuck you with. You are so incredibly beautiful. Justin begged me to let him fuck you when you were out of the room."

"He did not!"

"Oh yes he did. I was a little jealous."

I thought for a moment. "I brought that harness thing home."

"I've thought about that too. But I'm not sure that's right for us just yet. Dildos are fun and all, but there isn't anything like a flesh and bone cock. The heat and the throbbing and all of that..." she trailed off. "You should have a long, fat dick in you first is what I'm saying. I think. Maybe."

"Anyhow, I can't wait for you to get fucked by a real man with a real cock." She said. "You are going to love it." she added, "I wish I could be there to see it."

"Maybe you can." I said.

"Maybe. But your first should be something special."

"I'm not a virgin! I have been fucked before!"

"You might as well be a virgin. Until you get something inside you bigger than that little thing that Jason had, you truly don't know. You'll see."

Something Justin said came back to me. "Justin said I have a 'tiny pussy'."

"You do have a tiny pussy."

"What does that mean exactly?"

"Hold on." She got up off the bed and went to the bathroom. She came back with a hand mirror and lay down beside me, her head right next to mine. 

She held the mirror above my pussy and angled it so that we both could see it.

"Look at it. It's tiny. The slit is no more than what, two inches, two and a half inches long, at most?"

"I don't know, I've never measured it!"

"Look at mine." She moved the mirror above her pussy. "My slit is much longer, about 4 inches. Almost twice the length of yours." She moved the mirror back to me.

"And your pussy is trim and neat and internal. Your labia is all inside, tucked away nice and neat."

The mirror above hers again.

"Mine is a plump, meaty thing, all fat lipped and spilling out of itself. My labia is trying to escape."

I giggled a little. "I love your pussy." I purred to her.

"And I love yours. But it really is tiny. I don't think you realize how... appealing that is."

I flashed on how Justin's cock turned hers inside out, puling the inner lips out as he pumped in and out of it.

And suddenly I was worried if a 'real man with a real cock' would fit inside me.

I confessed my sudden fear to Jana.

She smiled reassuringly. "I'm sure you'll be fine. A woman's cunt is a remarkably resilient and flexible thing. Think about pushing a baby out it and then tell me if you think any cock could be too big for it."

I pondered that a moment as she reached down and pushed a finger into my pussy.

"Still, a thick cock like Justin's does take a bit of getting used to. But once you do, it's sublime."

"It looked like you were enjoying Justin's."

She then pushed two fingers into my wet pussy.

"Oh, I was enjoying it a great deal. And I very nearly had him put that fat cock into your tight little pussy." She said as she fingered my hole.

I moaned a little. It felt good. I was trying to imagine a thick cock inside me.

"Really long cocks can hurt. They start banging into things in there that don't like getting banged into." she said, finger fucking me faster. "And it's been my experience that guys with super long cocks are shitty lovers. They are in love with their own dicks and don't take the time to learn how to use them properly."

"A fat cock is what you want, it stretches you." she pushed a third finger inside me, stretching me. 

It felt something like a very mild tearing sensation, but not really like that at all. It was more like that really good first stretch of the morning, when everything pops and snaps into place. Which is to say, it felt really good.

She put her thumb on my clitoris and began rubbing it.

"Justin's cock is just unique, and when he's fucking my pussy with it, it stretches my pussy sooooo good."

She had three fingers pushing in and out of me as deep as her second knuckles, rubbing my clit with her thumb. My orgasm was building.

"I had told him while you were out of the room that I wanted him to cum all over my tits. I knew how much he cums and hoped you would like that. When he cums in my mouth, I let it drip out and fall onto my tits. He loves that."

She was pumping my cunt and my clit faster and harder. Any moment now...

"I thought about having him cum in my mouth, or maybe giving me a facial, and then kissing you all over your pretty face with cum all over my face and in my mouth."

I was moaning and clutching the sheets.

"Would you like that, to share a man's cum with me? Kissing and licking it from my lips and breasts?

My orgasm started and radiated out through my body in waves as she pumped my pussy with her fingers.

"Maybe you'd like to lick my cum-filled pussy just after I've fucked a fat cock?"

I was thrashing on the bed with an intense orgasm.

"Maybe you'd like to have your own pretty face covered with hot, sticky cum. Maybe you'd like to get your little cunt fucked by a big, fat cock. Maybe you'd like to get buttfucked like a dirty slut."

Her words made my orgasm more intense, and kept it going as long as she talked.

Suddenly, she was on top of me, kissing me fiercely and rubbing her pussy against my pubic bone. She rose up and climbed up to my face and pushed her pussy into my mouth. 

I sucked her plump pussy greedily and she came instantly with a quick, hard orgasm.

When it was over she fell off me sideways onto the bed and lay there breathing hard.

I cuddled up against her and thought, I love this woman, body and soul.

I pulled the covers over us and turned out the lights.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN - Thursday.

Thursday morning began much like the two before it. I was up early and made breakfast. I found some smoked salmon in the fridge and whipped up a quick eggs benedict with fresh cut fruit on the side.

As we were eating, I asked Jana, "What's the story with Justin?"

She looked puzzled. "What do you mean?"

"Well, I mean... why aren't you 'dating' him. I guess."

"Ahhh. Great cock. Not smart. Great fuck. No prospects. He's absolutely stuffed between the legs, but he's absolutely vacant between the ears. He's really sweet, and a good person, but he's a toy, that's all."

I pondered that for a moment. "You've never really been serious, serious with a guy..." I let that hang.

She was thoughtful for a long while. "I'm holding out. I want it all. I want someone, first of all, that I can be friends with -- real, true friendship. Someone I can be honest with, be myself -- to just be who and what I am. You basically. With a fat cock."

I giggled at the idea of me with a cock between my legs.

"I want someone with a future. He doesn't have to be wealthy, or really even have the potential to be, but he has to be passionate about doing something with his life. I could be perfectly happy with a mechanic or a carpenter, but he has to be... invested in it. Trying to do something special with it."

"Your dad is a great example of a man like that. Works with his hands, but has built something. He's never going to get rich doing it, but he is invested in being good at it. And besides, I have all the money anyone could ever need."

"He has to be an outstanding lover, that goes without saying. I'm don't have the time for some dead dicked guy no matter what other qualities he has."

"Didn't you ever wonder why I went to public school?"

"Now that you mention it, no." I said.

"I was in private school up until 9th grade. It was awful. Most of the kids were vapid, entitled, spoiled brats. Nothing expected of them except to marry someone in the same social class and hang on to the money for dear life. Dreadful people for the most part. The boys, especially. Born on third base and act like they hit a walk-off Grand Slam."

"When it came time to go to High School, I balked. Dug my heels in. Wasn't going to do it. My mom didn't know what to do with me. Daddy finally convinced her to let me go to public school, and I'm a better person for it. I feel like I escaped."

"I mean, I'm spoiled, but I'm not a brat."

"It's basically the same reason that I didn't go to an Ivy League school for college. But being honest about it, I also didn't want to be away from you."

I looked at her with undisguised surprise. 

"The kind of man I'm after is strong and masculine, self-assured and self-reliant, wants to make something of himself and has goals, even if that goal is to be the best carpenter in the state, or the best dad in the universe. He wants to be successful, but knows that the size of his bank account is has nothing really to do with true success. He's kind to his parents, gentle with kids, has solid morals, doesn't cheat or lie, is loyal and honorable, treats me with respect and is OK about my money. He knows how to treat me like a whore in the bedroom and as an equal in the rest of the house."

"I'm not opposed to finding a man with his own money, but money does strange things to people. It's almost impossible to find a wealthy man who isn't, deep down, convinced that his money makes him better than you. The flip side of that is finding a man who isn't threatened by a girl with a lot more money than he has."

"Those kinds of men are exceedingly rare. The few that are out there are already taken, and there is no chance of taking him away from who they are with, because if you did, he wouldn't be that man to begin with. Right?"

I nodded.

"Oddly enough, you have two of those men in your life. Your dad, and your boss Jack." 

"Jack is a perfect example of what I just said. The only thing that would have ever separated him from June was exactly what she did to him -- she wasn't loyal, or honorable, or kind, or trustworthy after she did that. All of the things I just listed, she betrayed them all. She betrayed who he is."
