 Chapter 2: Returning

"Mmmmmm" was all he could saw as she brought her up with one hand under her jaw. He pulled her close and squeezed her ass as he kissed her abused, smiling mouth. She melted into his arms letting him hold her weight and sank her soft flesh into his chest. The power had been transferred and he knew it. Something clicked inside him and his fingers dug into the softness of her fat ass. He leaned in and kissed her neck a little roughly and then backed off, gently kissing before he sank his teeth in. She gasped and shivered against him, clinging to his shoulders as her eyes glazed over. A vampire fetish run amuck intertwined with a touch of masochism made her beg to be bitten when he fucked her, but he usually saved it for moments of domination. Now it was with relish, this was going to leave a deep mark. 

She breathed again when he released her skin and somewhat reluctantly leaned back so he could suck on her horribly sensitive nipples. She convulsed with the contact and moaned when he sucked hard, two fingers gently caressing the teeth marks on the side of her neck. His hands were caressing her soft stomach and down the front of her half unzipped pants. 

"Slut" he mumbled around her nipple, as his fingers passed the belt line she had unbuttoned herself.

"I was horny." She breathed heavily and then sighed as he bit her nipple.

"and now?" 

"dripping." Was all she could get out

"does it hurt?"

"fuck me... please... please" she begged between sighs, still fingering her fresh teeth-marks.

Torturing her a little bit more his fingers slipped between the wet lips of her pussie and slipped sloppily inside. Her neat little cunt opened to his fingers and sucked at them coating them to the knuckle in her musky lubricant. He could almost smell her and could certainly feel her knees buckling from underneath her. Taking pity, he led her to the couch with his mouth on hers, teasingly, and two fingers inside her, insistently. 

He positioned her in front of the couch and walked behind her. One hand up to her still exposed breasts, and the other on her stomach after he moved her hair over one shoulder. Gripping her stomach and kissing her mark, his fingers pressed in as they slid down her panties and fingered her again. This time he could hear her wetness and had to pull down her shorts and rub his hot cock against her bare backside. She pulled her neck away and slowly bent over in front of him and pressed her ass into him. 

He released her breasts and let them hang heavily in front of her as she dipped her lower back, rounding her ass and slightly spreading her fat cheeks. The hand in her cunt slid out wetly and to her hip as he rubbed his saliva covered cock up and down that sweet, bare ass crack, alternately pressing softly at the entrance to her soaking cunt and tight asshole as it passed. Her knuckles turned from light brown to white as she gripped the back of the couch and dug her teeth into her bottom lip. At each pressure she pushed back longingly, just wanting him inside. She stared over her left shoulder at the glass cabinets, gazing into the reflection of her bent over, with fat hanging tits, pulled lewdly out of her top and her shorts and panties still lingering around her flexing thighs. 

"Take off your shirt." She said with a voyeuristic lust in her voice.

He pulled it over his head obediently and then grinned as he looked into her face, in the glass, and smacked her ass possessively. She leaned back into the smack and directly into the throbbing cock behind her, groaning impatiently as pressed her backside against it. 

"Please please please..." the words came out as one as she dipped her lower back even further, spreading her cheeks and flashing her soaked, shaved pussie up at him. He refused again and pushed four fingers from two hands inside: two in her cunt, two up her ass. The two in her pussie worked her G spot madly and alternately slowed down to pull in and out sensuously while the two in her ass dragged steadily in and out. She gasped and snapped her hips back for more stimulation but didn't undulate them, she just pushed her ass out and flexed her thighs in intense stimulation. The natural lube covering the fingers working her asshole began to rub off so he pushed them in deep one last time before pausing in her pussie and then pulling them out slowly, feeling her ass sucking at his hand and finally the rough wet texture of her asshole outside. He watched it close slowly as his fingers began to massage her G spot again making her cry out and thrust back at his hands. 

She gasped and reeled as he pulled his fingers from her suddenly but bit her lip and shivered as they were replaced with a cock teasing her clit and pussie. Her wet cunt grabbed his cock and she jammed herself back on it with a loud smack catching him by surprise. His hands grasped her hips and he concentrated on her rippling backside, captivated with the movement. Thinking about everything but her sweating, dripping ass, and the wet smack sounds issuing from their union, and most of all, the panting moans poring from the lips of his noisy lover. He caressed her back and squeezed her breasts and ass, making it as sensuous an experience as he could. Slowing her thrusting hips with steady hands and strong arms, pressing firmly with his hands, and sliding them wetly across her body. She wasn't looking into the glass anymore, she wasn't looking at anything, her face was screwed up and her twenty year-old face wrinkled as she approached orgasm. She was determined not to let him slow her anymore and started thrusting back against his grip on her hips. 

No he commanded silently as his hand moved up to collect her hair in his hand and then tightened into a fist and pulled steadily back, slowing her forcefully. Slow hard thrusts punctuated with sharp jabs and the resounding slap of his hips on hers. With each fast thrust she moaned appreciatively and thrust back as much as the fist of her hair would allow her. His eyes narrowed and the hand on her hip tightened its grip and he started freely fucking her. Her breath stated to wear ragged and she seized one breast and pulled the nipple out roughly groaning steadily now. He let her hair go and grasped her hips violently, meeting her every thrust creating a loud smack on impact. Her love handles undulated and her whole body shook as she struggled toward climax. He couldn't keep his eyes open any longer and hers were long screwed shut. The panting and groaning grew louder and louder until it suddenly stopped and he felt the tight muscles of her swollen cunt contracted sharply around him. Tight contractions wrapped his member and he slowed the fucking to a snail's pace, pressing deeply into her at each stroke. It was hard to concentrate, he couldn't hold back any longer and the tight smoothness of her soaked cunt squeezed him rhythmically and he climbed quickly towards his own climax. She lurched forward and off of him, and leaned breathlessly against the couch, her knees on the cushions now. 

"Stop, it's too much." She sighed breathless and over-stimulated, "come here." She said as she turned, laying on the couch and pulling him on top of her. She kissed him wetly and kicked off her shorts and panties and wrapped her strong thighs around him. Her arms clutched his shoulders and she ground mount into him. "thanks" she breathed.

"love you too." He said into her neck as he kissed her teeth marks softly. 

To be continued again...