 Note: To really appreciate this story, you should really read the first episode, called simply "Erika, ...Part1".

*

We had arranged to message each other via SMS during the week. We arranged to meet again on the next Saturday afternoon, when I would tell Sara that I had some hardware shopping to do. Some of Erika's messages were quite saucy, and I could see that the relatively naïve young woman was learning very fast indeed! I was very excited about getting together again with my young protege, and teaching her more about sex and sensuality.

When I arrived on the Saturday afternoon, bottle of champagne in hand, Erika greeted me at the door in mid-sentence. She was talking loudly to someone behind her in her unit. Clearly she was warning me that she had visitors. Damn, said my cock! I placed the champagne at the front door for later retrieval and followed her inside. 

One of her girlfriends, Sonja, was there. I knew Sonja slightly so I stayed to chat. I bluffed my way through by pretending to have come back to Erika's place to look for a USB key I might have dropped when I was looking over the unit the previous week. I looked for glances between the girls to see if Sonja was onto me. There was no hint of this. To her, I was an old family friend of Erika's. I was thinking that I might have to abandon this visit when, after about five minutes of stilted conversation, Sonja excused herself and went to the bathroom.

I was sitting on the couch and Erika was standing in the middle of the room. I waited till Sonja was out of the room, then leapt to my feet behind Erika. My hands were on her breasts and I was grinding my cock into her arse. I had planned to be more subtle, but the frustration of having Sonja there meant I was close to exploding with lust. I kissed Erika's neck, and the way that she melted into me was all the encouragement I needed. 

Without wasting time, I moved my hand quickly to her pussy and, slipped up under her miniskirt and began massaging it through her pants. I could tell she was wet and whispered that to her, but just then the toilet flushed and I leapt back onto my couch, pretending to be small-talking. After a few minutes, I knew I had to go. I could not stay longer, given the thin pretext I had presented fro being there. Erika followed me to the door and while pecking my cheek, whispered "Come back in an hour", giving my cock a pat as she did. I thought back to the previous week and guessed that she had never done that to anybody before. She was gaining confidence fast!

I spent an hour actually driving around, trying to focus on anything but what was really on my mind: the soft and willing body of Erika, so close and so far. An hour later, I approached her door with trepidation, hoping Sonja had gone. If not, I was not sure how I would explain my re-appearance: it would be too suspicious for rational explanation.

I knocked, the door opened and Erika's head peeked around it. She motioned me inside quickly and I immediately discovered why: she was naked. Our mouth locked and tongues played together. My hand went straight to Erika's pussy, which was indeed wet. She put her hand inside my shorts to feel my prick. "Quick," she said, "I want you inside me, Brian!" We raced to the bedroom, me disrobing quickly. 

I said "Today, lesson 4!" 

Erika, sitting up in bed, suddenly coy, grinned and said "What's lesson 4? Quick, I can't wait!" Things were going well. The innocent girl was now almost begging to be fucked immediately.

"You won't have to wait," I said, and lay on the bed. "Ladies Day, ladies on top today."

"Mm, sounds good," she said. This was all new to Erika of course, but she needed little instruction to swing her leg over me and straddle me. I had to grab her young hips to position her, and held one hand on my cock to position him. I told her then to lower herself down onto it slowly. She bit her lip as she concentrated on getting this right. I could see that Erika thought she might hurt herself, but she seemed pleased to feel it going in smoothly to her wet pussy. What a sight to have her young nubile body on top of my old prick, her perky breasts jutting toward me. I showed her how to move up and down on the pole, slowly. She seemed to pick it up quickly.

I said, "The good thing about this position is that the man gets to admire the woman's lovely body as she makes love to him."

"..mmm...goodie.." she said, distracted as she was bouncing up and down.

I had to instruct her how to keep my cock in, after it popped out twice as she too vigorously jiggled rocked back and forth. I stopped her and showed her how I could lift myself to come up to her and we were facing each other in a kama sutra position, my hands on her lovely back. Then I lay back again and let her fuck my cock. 

I placed my hands on her little breasts, half a handful of happiness with very very hard nipples and surprisingly big aureoles. She was pushing harder and quicker, her eyes glazing as she became focussed on reaching that peak she had climbed last time.  

"Fuck me, Erika," I said. I thought I needed to keep up her education by teaching her about dirty talk and sex. "Oh yes, honey, fuck my cock with your cunt. Oh that wet pussy feels so good on my cock, baby!" If she was shocked, it was hardly the time to show it, since she was sitting on top of my cock and giving it a real work-out! 

Erika drove on. She came first this time to my surprise, and was panting and gasping and ready to fall off me. I had to hold onto her and tell her I hadn't come yet, to make sure I stayed in. 

"Won't be long," I said. "I am about to join you." 

She was over her climax, but she responded by squeezing her pussy around my cock. I was amazed. She must have been practising this week, I thought. And then I was squirting into her contracting cunt.

"Oh god that was great, baby," I said.

We kissed soft lips together, puffing and sweaty. I let her roll off me and showed her how to clean up after sex. Like the neat person she always was, she did this with care and tidiness, softly wiping my prick clean. I kissed her again.

"What?" she said.

"Always little miss house-proud," I teased.

"Just looking after your little man there, Brian; we need to keep him in good condition, don't we darling?" She said, and I kissed her again. She had slipped into the endearments of old lovers so naturally.

I took her to the shower then to show her how lovers showered together, In the tiny shower cubicle in that little unit, I have great memories of her young and willing body. I showed her how to soap up, taking great pleasure in slipping my hands over her wet little boobs, nipples now erect again. I soaped her smooth and lithe young back, her thighs and her arse. We kissed and nibbled each other's wet lips, and she held my hard cock.

"What's this thing here?" She said "I've never had one of these in my shower!"

"I'll bet you haven't!" I said "But if you are good, he might do something nice for you."

"Oh, and what might that be?" she asked coquettishly, giving it a squeeze as she kissed me. This girl was indeed learning fast. 

First I got Erika to soap him up, while I felt for her little knob. As I told her about the magic of the clitoris and its sensitivity, she was listening intently. I had the distinct feeling that this was all news to her. She became dreamy then as the feelings from her already-fucked clitoris starting going through her little body. Still her hand held my cock. I kissed her again, our mouths now almost melting together like long-experienced lovers. 

"Now, I said, Erika,I want you to turn your back to me." She looked strangely at me again, but turned to the glass wall of the shower, letting go my penis. I thought I would die with the sight of her perfect young woman's shape, smooth hips, lovely little arse, nice legs, neck for nibbling...

"Now, put your hands on the glass like this," I showed her how to support her weight, then moved her legs apart. She was looking a little anxious. I felt her breast, played again with her clit for a while. She started breathing harder. Then, bending at the knees, I positioned my penis and moved into one very wet pussy. I stopped when it was right in.

"How is that, honey?" I asked

"Mm. Feels nice, darling," she said. "Are we going to fuck in the shower?" Good, I thought, she is catching onto the dirty-talk routine. 

Soon we were fucking hard. I always loved the shower fuck, with slippery bodies sliding over each other. 

She was soon groaning..."Oh, Brian, I love it this way," reaching up under to play with my balls and encourage me. Soon my 55 year old knees were trembling, and I prayed we could come soon. I did, but she was obviously not finished yet, so I had to keep my spent cock semi-erect in her cunt while she bounced back and forth on it, pushing back at me. I kissed her back, felt her right tit, rubbed her clit. Erika tried to turn back to kiss me over her shoulder, but found it impossible.

"Oh fuck my little pussy, Brian, darling," she was crying, apparently unaware that I had already cum in her. More dirty talk. 

I was thinking, "Oh please be quiet baby and come soon, my prick is getting rubbed raw here!"

As I rubbed her slippery clit, she started moving more urgently

"Fuck, fuck, fuck me darling," she mumbled, dreamy again, and soon she was bucking back and forth and I had to support her. My thighs would take a long time to recover from this exercise! I was out of condition. When her climax passed, we kissed and she talked excitedly about what she had been feeling. This was all new to her and she very much loved it. The fact that I was old enough to be her father was not a problem, I was her caring lover and she loved me for it.

Then, as we were drying each other off tenderly, she hit me with one question I was not sure of the answer to:

"Tell me darling, did you plan to do that to me last week when you came to my flat?"

I had to think.

"I'll be honest, baby. The thought of making love to you has often been in my head these past few years, but I always thought I was an old fool and you would never be sexually interested in me. Besides, your folks are my oldest friends...but, no, I didn't plan to do that, but I was delighted that it happened - and I hope it hasn't done any lasting damage."

"And at my 18th party, and you kissed me, remember how I tried to kiss you on the lips? I could feel your erection as you hugged me, and I was curious about how it would feel, even then."

This was more comfortable territory, but I was still amazed that an attractive young woman could have found me sexy.

"Oh, Erika," I said. "I thought that was my fault that night, I thought I had gone too far. Do you mean to tell me that you tried to kiss my lips?"

"Yes" she said. "It took seven years, but I eventually did, darling" and she gave me a long sexy kiss, as I felt again her arse and her tit. My cock stood to attention, despite being almost rubbed raw.

Then she said, "You know, Brian, next week I will have my period?" She was ever-practical, like her mother, thinking ahead. "Perhaps we should have the week off and get together in two weeks time?" Suddenly we were lovers making plans ahead. This girl didn't let grass grow beneath her feet. I thought of telling her how love-making need not stop because of periods, but thought that might shock her sensibility. 

Erika looked suddenly vulnerable, having made the first move and not sure how I would take it that we were an assumed "item".

"OK", I said, as we were dressing, "Let's meet here again in two weeks, for further lessons. But please make sure that none of your friends is here when I get here; my excuses are running thin."

She laughed, and kissed me deeply.

To Be continued..