 Note: This is a continuation of Erika: Seduction Into Adultery and Erika: Seduction Into Adultery, Ch. 2. Some of what follows won't be understandable without reading the earlier stories.

The summer passed, and Erika and I didn't have another opportunity to get together without risking discovery. Erika was on the pill - just in case - but so far that had been a wasted effort. Since she was one of Donna's best friends, we were often around each other. We exchanged meals at each others homes and we saw each other socially. Whenever I was close enough to smell her erotic scent, I got incredibly hard! Fortunately nobody, Donna in particular, appeared to notice!

The fall semester began. The private school where our kids were enrolled had a weekend camp-out arranged at a nearby state park, and Donna decided to go along as one of the tent-mothers. Erika and I agreed to drive up both nights and join most of the other parents for the evening meals around the campfire and then leave so the kids - and tent-parents - could get some sleep.

For the first time in more than two months Erika and I had an innocent reason to be seen riding in a car with each other, and we had our first opportunity to further explore the intense physical chemistry between us. All we had to do was plan things carefully. We had two nights when we could be together! We had no idea that the incredible physical attraction we had always felt for each other was going to reach a new high - or low, depending upon ones point of view! 

FRIDAY: THE FIRST NIGHT OF RENEWED PASSION

About 5:00 on Friday, Erika drove her VW to a campus parking lot where I had left my own VW, and I got into her car and we headed for the state park. We were careful to avoid touching each other, but we quickly became aroused anyway! "Look at my pants, Erika! All I've done is look at your breasts and I got hard! And I really want to smell and taste your body!"

"My nipples are so hard inside my bra they hurt!" Erika moaned. "I can smell you! That's making me wet! If we aren't careful, everyone will notice!"

The drive took almost an hour, and we tried to find "safe" topics to discuss, rather than what was really on our minds. We succeeded, but it was difficult! We were both breathing hard, turned on by each others scent and remembering the primitive, animal passions we generated so easily in each other. Erika's shorts proudly displayed her sexy legs, and I couldn't help staring at her crotch, imagining her pussy just barely concealed by a couple of layers of cloth. Throughout the drive I could see Erika glancing at the tent in my shorts, too. Sex was foremost on our minds even if our conversation was about unrelated topics.

We arrived in time to help set up the tents, and this physical activity provided an excuse for our flushed appearances and slightly sweaty bodies. We ate hot dogs and beans with the kids, and then sang campfire songs for about an hour. Finally we sent our respective children to their tents, and prepared to leave. I kissed Donna good night, and Erika and I got back into her car and we headed back toward town.

We had barely driven out of sight of the campground when we were groping and fondling each other. "Tonight we can go to my house!" Erika said. "But not tomorrow! Last summer it took a whole day to get the smell of our sex out of everything!"

"I'll find us a place for tomorrow." I mumbled against her right breast which I had pulled free of her shirt and bra and was sucking and kissing. Erika moaned as I sucked on her nipple. I pulled Erika's blouse and bra off.

It only took a couple of minutes for both of us to strip naked, although getting Erika's shorts and panties off while she drove a stick-shift VW proved to be a little tricky! We teased each other almost to climax during the hour-long drive. I moved my fingers in and out of Erika's pussy until her thick bush was sodden and my fingers covered with her slime. We took turns licking my fingers, and I smeared Erika's juices all over her breasts and face as she drove. Our heavy breathing increased the effects of the aroma which filled the car! Fortunately the police didn't stop Erika, although an officer might well have enjoyed the view and the smell!

As we got close to town, I helped Erika put her blouse back on so that she appeared to be dressed - at least from a distance! I put my shirt on for the same reason, and left the rest of our clothes on the back seat. We finally got close to her house, and as I had done twice before, I squeezed myself below the level of the car windows. Erika used her remote control garage door opener to close the door behind us after she parked in her garage. It was after 10:30, and the garage was completely dark. We stripped our tops off and kissed, reveling in the aromatic interior of the Bug. Erika's skin was still sticky with her pussy juice, but it smelled and tasted wonderful!  

After a couple of minutes we got out of the car, and I picked up our intermixed pile of clothes. Erika led me to the steps and into her house. This time she had left some lights on and we could see to get in. As soon as the door closed behind us, I dropped our clothes on the floor and we grabbed each other.

We clung together, kissing and caressing every part of our bodies that we could reach. We moved down the hall to her bedroom as quickly as our intimate body-to- body contact allowed. "Lie on the bed!" Erika commanded. Her freshly-washed satin sheets were cooly erotic against my back as I slid myself into the middle of her bed, my erection sticking straight up.

Erika briefly left the room and turned off all the lights except one in the master bath, leaving us just enough light to see each other. "I've waited for this for so long!" Erika moaned. "Don't sit up! I want to explore your body and make love to your beautiful penis again!"

Erika climbed between my legs and gently kissed the head of my penis. She licked a drop of pre-cum from its tip, grinned wickedly at me, and began to really kiss and suck me. God she was terrific! In seconds I was groaning and writhing on the bed. I looked at Erika, and she smiled at me, then resumed her oral attention to my penis.

Erika licked and sucked on the crown, then slid her tongue down my shaft to my balls. She caressed and licked my scrotum. She licked from the base of my penis to my anus. She tongued and sucked each testicle separately. She touched me with just the tip of her tongue against the sensitive spot just below the crown. Just as I began to react to one thing, she stopped and did something else. My penis was covered with her saliva.

There was no apparent pattern to her movements, and sometimes I could feel one or both of her hands as well as her tongue and lips on me. Everything she did got me excited, and not knowing what she was going to do next drove me wild! Several times I felt myself starting to ejaculate, but each time Erika pressed firmly against the base of my penis, stopping me. It felt like she had been doing fellatio for hours!

My balls were pulled tightly up against my shaft, and they were swollen and aching. My penis was rock-hard and throbbing. "Erika, I can't take much more! Aaaah! Do that again! Uuuumh!" I moaned as she continued her teasing.

Erika stopped touching me anywhere, then grinned. "How about this? Do you like it?"

Erika began rubbing my anus with a wet finger, and she slid it inside me, agonizingly slowly. She began gently rubbing my prostate, and I began to jerk my hips off the bed with each touch. "Erika! Please!" I yelled.

Erika was obviously turned on by the sexual torture she was inflicting on me! Her pelt of dark pussy fur was glistening wet, and her giant clitoris was sticking out, angry and red. She laughed, then said, "I know you love this! Beg! Beg to get off! I want you to beg!" Again she stopped touching me, leaving me in exquisite agony.

It felt like the middle of my body waw being crushed by a huge weight! My heart was pounding, and my vision was getting blurry. I could smell the aroma of Erika's pussy, thick, pungent, and heady - adding to my arousal. I could feel an intense combination of pleasure and pain in my penis and testicles. I could hardly breathe! 

"Beg! Or I'll leave you like this! BEG!" Erika commanded. 

"Please! Finish me! I can't stand this! Please! Please! Erika, For God's sake, Please!" I gasped as I stared into Erika's face. I felt like I was blacking out, and she was all I could see. Her smug smile was almost evil! 

Erika didn't move, so I said, "ERIKA! I'm BEGGING you to make me cum! Please! The pressure is killing me!"

Erika laughed loudly with a look of intense satisfaction on her face. Then she abruptly pushed her finger into my ass and pressed firmly on my prostate. At the same time she began to suck really hard on the head of my penis. I rose off the bed and screamed as I ejaculated into her mouth. I could feel another blast building, and Erika rubbed my prostate, sending it shooting out. I screamed even louder. "GOD! ERRRRIKA! AAAAAH!"

I lost count of my ejaculations. The room got darker, and I could hear my screams as if they were coming from someone else. Incredible warmth and tingling spread out from my prostate, down both legs and up my body. I couldn't seem to get any air! Then I felt myself drifting away and everything finally got completely dark.

I awoke to the taste of my own cum! Erika was kissing me, and cum was dripping from her face and mouth onto my face. "I . . . tried . . . to . . . swallow . . . it . . .. but . . . there . . . was . . . too . . . much!" She gasped as she kissed me. 

I became aware of a wonderful, nearly indescribable feeling below my waist. It was warmth, it was tingling, it was unlike anything I had ever experienced. "Wha . . .What happened?" I asked.

Erika giggled. "I've been reading up on blowjobs!" She said. "I got you so excited you passed out! Now you know how it feels! It's only fair! You did it to me!"

I took a long, halting breath. "All I can say is WOW!" I said. "And thanks! I've never felt anything like that before! I'm so weak you'll have to wait for me to recover!"

Erika laughed deep in her throat and lay atop me with one hand caressing my limp penis. I cleaned the cum off her face with my tongue, and we clung together for a long time, kissing and cuddling. 

"When you went off, so did I!" She said. "Having so much control over your body really turned me on! You were completely out of your mind! I thought you were going to flip both of us right off the bed when I finally let you cum! But when you're ready, I want more!" 

I pulled the covers over us and said, "I need to rest, now. You'll get yours later!"

I fell asleep, very much aware of the contact Erika's body made against mine. I still had a gentle warm feeling radiating from my prostate. Whatever she had been reading sure had good information in it! That had been incredible beyond words. Her comments about her being excited by controlling me slipped right past me. I would recall them - and finally understand them - months later.

Several hours later we awoke and went to the bathroom. When we got back in her bed, I put a pillow under Erika's hips and spread her legs, making it easier to kiss her pussy. I blew on her thick, dark mat of fur, exposing her labia. "Your turn to be tortured!" I said and Erika laughed a deep chortle.

Leaving her legs apart and open to me, I kissed her everywhere except on her pussy. I sucked her toes and I licked the balls of her feet. I ran my tongue from the backs of her knees to the insides of her thighs. I could see her labia opening.

I sucked her nipples and her navel. I kissed her face. I pulled gently on her long, dark pubic hairs. I ran my fingers gently over her entire body. Erika began to wiggle on the bed. She was making deep moaning sounds.

I pressed my tongue against her pussy and she jumped and let out a cry, "OOOOH!" I rubbed my face back and forth, feeling her wet pubic hair against my lips and cheeks. I continued making love to her body, but now I occasionally kissed and licked her pussy. As Erika had done, I tried to avoid any pattern to my actions.

After what must have been an hour of stimulation, Erika's body was completely out of control. When I kissed her pussy, she arched her hips against my mouth. Her labia were completely open, and even her inner lips were puffed apart. Her wonderful, giant clitoris was out from under its hood, red, wet, and twitching. I blew on it, and Erika let out a loud groan.

"Now you're torturing me!" She cried. "Do you want me to beg, too?"

I didn't answer her, but instead continued my random, erotic touching, licking, and kissing. Her body began to twitch and shake, clearly no longer under her conscious control. Her arms flapped up and back against the bed, over her head. Her legs spread even wider apart. She began to make long, deep sighing moans. 

I blew on her clitoris again and slowly dragged the backs of my fingernails from her pubic hair to her navel. Her abdomen began to ripple, and Erika began to scream. "OOOH! AAAAH! AAAAAAAAH!"

I pushed my tongue as deeply as I could into her, and Erika exploded into a long orgasm. As it continued, I tongued her labia as hard and fast as I could, and then I sucked her clitoris. Erika let out a long, wild yell, then suddenly passed out. 

I looked at her body, and there were rippling muscles everywhere, from her knees to her shoulders. After a few seconds she began to breathe in quick, short, gasps. I pressed my tongue against her clitoris and pushed a finger completely into her anus. She arched her back, thrust her hips forward, screamed for several seconds, and passed out again.

Her abdomen was really rippling this time! Her vagina made wet smacking sounds in time to her pulsing muscles. I moved myself into position to fuck her, and as she began to breathe again, I pushed slowly into her, all the way until our pubic hair crushed together and my penis hit bottom. I could feel her soaked pubic hair making a wet ring around my penis. I twisted back and forth while pressing against her.

Erika lost it again, thrashing and writhing, screaming and moaning. The rippling clamping of her vagina on my penis caused me to ejaculate, and I yelled, too. A few seconds later, Erika let out a long scream and passed out, again.

I lay atop her, felling her trembling vagina squeezing my penis, forcing every bit of cum into her body. As she began to breathe again, I kissed her, and she gradually came back down. She hugged me, and we soon fell asleep in each others arms.

It was daylight when we awoke. I had rolled slightly off Erika so that she could breathe, and we were lying on our sides, facing each other. Sometime during the night I had slipped out of her. We kissed and held each other as the room slowly got brighter. Our morning breath smelled like Erika's pussy!

Finally we got up, went to the bathroom, then shared a shower. We both had a lot of stiff muscles! My penis stayed almost completely hard, and wouldn't get soft. All I had to do was touch Erika and her clitoris would pop out. Her nipples stayed hard. We were way, way beyond being turned on! We kissed each other hungrily, over and over again.

Each time Erika touched my penis I felt a recently-experienced sensation of warmth inside me and I could feel the same tingling as before. When she pushed her soapy finger into my ass and massaged my prostate, I almost ejaculated. It was incredible!

We eventually dried off and went back into the bedroom. After the smell of soap and steam in Erika's bathroom, the smell of sex in her bedroom was overpoweringly exciting! "I'll wash the bed clothes today and by tomorrow the smell will be gone!" Erika said. "But we can't make love here tonight!"

We began to strip the satin sheets and mattress pad from the bed, but one corner of the fitted sheet hung up. I stepped around the bed to free it, and in my aroused state I lost my balance and knocked a case the size of an under-the-seat bag from a bedside table onto the floor. It bounced, then immediately began to buzz!

"What the hell is that, Erika?" I asked. "It sounds like some kind of motor!"

You've never seen a woman blush until you've seen a naked woman to whom you've made love do so! It was wonderful to behold! "Those are . . . mm mm my toys!" She stammered.

"Your toys?" I asked, then quickly figured it out. "Show me!"

Reluctantly she came around the bed and turned the dials on the combination locks. She opened the case and handed it to me. If anything, she blushed even deeper! 

I put the box on the table and opened the box. All I saw were a bunch of towels. The buzzing was deeper inside. I began to lift the towels up, and Erika said, "Now you will know too much about me!" 

The first thing I found was a white, plastic, battery-powered, more-or-less-penis- shaped vibrator about six or seven inches long. It was making all the noise! I found the switch and turned it off. A plastic bag packed near it contained two rubbery sleeves that fit over the vibrator. One looked remarkably like my own penis, and the other was flesh- colored and covered with raised bumps. I looked at Erika and raised my eyebrows.

"You knew I had that!" She said. "I've used it for years!" Erika looked me in the eyes, then turned away, blushing even more darkly.

Next I uncovered a dildo that REALLY looked like my own erect penis and balls! It had a squeeze bulb, obviously for ejaculating some liquid. "This looks like a good substitute for me!" I exclaimed.

Erika's whole body blushed crimson. As I was playing with the dildo, she finally managed to blurt out, "I bought it because it looks like yours and I couldn't have you whenever I got horny! I could pretend you were fucking me, and at least I could usually get off!" 

I kept going through the case. I found a nearly empty tube of lubricating jelly, and another tube that was new. "Erika, as wet as your pussy gets, what do you need this stuff for?" I asked.

Erika blushed again and didn't say anything. That's when I got it. "You also put it up your ass?" I asked and Erika nodded, blushing again.

"Sometimes I just can't get over the top by pretending it's you inside me. I put that one in my behind and use the vibrator in my vagina. That always works." She said, very quietly.

I visualized Erika with both penis-shaped objects in her, and smiled. I continued looking through the case, but I only found two other things, other than more towels (which were obviously used to fill in the empty spaces in the case.: One was a booklet called, "Secrets of Fellatio" and I knew she had put that one to good use! The other was called, "Domination and Submission." I didn't realize its significance at the time. I didn't catch on to Erika's interest in anal penetration, either. Sometimes I'm not very intuitive. 

Erika re-packed everything in the case, and as she closed the lid I saw the combination, 6942. I started to laugh. 

"Sixty-nine for two?" I bellowed. "That's funny!" 

"I had to use something I could remember!" Erika giggled. "I keep the case locked so Annette won't open it!" 

Erika put the locked case back on the beside table where it had been before I knocked it down. Together we gathered up the sheets and mattress pad and stuffed everything into the washer just outside the door to her bedroom. 

"It'll take all day to get the smell of our sex out of the house!" Erika repeated, to herself as much as to me. "We really can't do anything here tonight 'cause if we do I'll never get the smells out before Annette comes home tomorrow." 

"It's my turn to drive." I said. "I'll find us a place!" I pulled her to me and began to kiss her. My hands rubbed the small of her back and began moving down to her cheeks.

"Right now I'm getting you out of here!" She said and pulled away. "The smell has me really turned on! If I touch you any more, I'm not going to be able to let you go!"
