 Erin sat on the bed and impatiently uncrossed and crossed her legs again. She'd been waiting to spring this on Landon for a long time and couldn't wait until he got home. But of course today, of all days was the day that he called and said he would be a little bit late; he needed to finish just a few more things at the office before he could call it a day. Erin hadn't asked him to leave the stuff and come home like she'd wanted to, that would reveal too much to him. No, she had put too much planning and effort into this day to not see the surprise on his face when he came through the door.

Landon always had been good about surprising his wife. When she seemed to least expect it he would come home with a gift or a special evening out as an "I love you" present to her. She had done the same for him over time as well, but maybe not quite as often, but both of them understood why. As a teacher, it was enough for her to get through her day most of the time, much less plan anything else. And on top of this, she had been going to grad school for the past two years as well. Now that she was finished she was wondering how she had found the time.

But Erin had an idea to do something like this a few weeks back, when their already very good sex lives exploding into the mind-blowing realm. The re-introduction of toys to their play on a consistent basis had been wonderful. Erin had never felt so sexy and beautiful, and sexed as well. Landon had even told that she had been walking differently since the change had occurred; she had become more sensual in her walk, swaying her hips more. Landon had loved every minute that they had spent doing all this, sometimes she wondered if he was jealous of her playing with these things, but he always assured that no he wasn't and he thought it was one of the sexiest things she could do. So now, that she had the time she was going to reward Landon and make sure he never forgot tonight.

She had been planning this for a few days now, but waited to do everything today. She went to her favorite clothing store in the morning and bought a new outfit for the evening, a teal silk wrap top, with a black skirt with a long slit on her left thigh, and some fishnet stockings to spice up the outfit. She thought about new shoes, because she always does, but realized she had the perfect sling-backs at home for the outfit. She made the reservations for their dinner, a place they hadn't been to before but she was sure he'd enjoy. Her lingerie underneath her new outfit was new as well, she probably could just have that on and have nothing else planned and Landon would love it she thought, but she had gone all out. 

She had been touching herself all afternoon thinking about tonight, and she was having a hard time keeping her hands away now. In the tub earlier she had taken their newest toy, the waterproof vibrator, and spent an inordinate amount of time with it, the water turned cold before she was finished with her new best friend. Lying in the tub, legs splayed over the edge, the toy buzzing and working it in and out of her she could not be satiated. She needed more; she needed Landon's cock to finally satisfy her needs. She smiled as she slid her hand quickly across her pelvic region, she had trimmed herself before, but now she was now almost totally shaved, just a tiny tuft of hair was all that remained and she had thought about getting rid of that as well, but that could be for another time.

She had dressed slowly, running her hands all along her body as she did so. This day was as much for her as it had been for him, but he would love that. She uncrossed her legs again and stood up. She looked around the room to make sure everything was ready when they returned home later. The toys and lube were laid out, the camera was on the nightstand, the restraints were already tied to the bed, and they just needed someone to occupy them. She walked to the living room to wait on Landon. 

She stood for a few moments and looked at the clothes she had laid out for him, he certainly wouldn't be dressed for their dinner in his work clothes, they were entirely too casual. She allowed herself a brief daydream of seeing him change once he walked in, her not letting him go to the bedroom and watching his crotch as he removed his pants. Absent-mindedly her hand had worked its way down to her own crotch, and she was rubbing herself through the fabrics. Her body shuddered a bit, which had brought her out of the daydream, and she should really stop, she wanted to save up for Landon, but her hand was insistent and ducked below her skirt. She gave in to her hand and let it probe underneath her new silky panties. She rubbed her outer lips slowly, but moved to find her clit quickly. When she pleasured herself with her fingers she always focused on her clit, she felt her finger's sensations more than anything when she penetrated herself, but touching her clit was wonderful. Finding her was a bit of a problem sometimes, but Erin was already so hot that she was sticking out from her hood already. Erin's finger teased, tugged lightly, caressed, little light touches that made her have to support herself on the door way with her other hand. Suddenly, without warning, a number of glorious spasms rocked her body and came mightily. Everything started to spin and turn colors and her inner walls clamped down in orgasmic bliss. Her knees went weak and she could barely keep herself standing. She rode the wave as long as she could, but slowly her body started to return to normal and was able to right herself again. She moved her hand away slowly, not wanting it to leave, but making it nonetheless. 

She puttered around the living room for a moment, straightening here and there, to distract herself before she heard his keys go into the lock. She backed up and stood in the doorway to the kitchen and waited for him, holding herself in as sexy a pose as she could imagine. Her arms were stretched above her head, legs slightly parted, there was no need to change her facial expression, and pure wanton lust had been consuming her all afternoon.

Landon opened the door and walked in without looking up, putting his keys on the tray and turning to close the door before Erin said anything.

"Hello there sexy," Erin surprised herself with the sound of her own voice, it sounded like someone else's; it was husky and oozing with desire. 

Landon turned and looked at his wife in the doorway across the room. Erin could see his face as he looked her up and down. She could his expression change from one of surprise, to happiness until there was a sly grin on his face as he started to walk across the room towards her.

"Uh-uh, you're not allowed to touch me, at least not yet. Look on the coffee table, that is what you're wearing tonight, you're going to change right here and I'm going to watch you do it." Erin didn't often take total command of a situation, but she had this evening planned perfectly and she knew that if Landon made it over to her his kisses would melt her resolve and they would wind up in the bed all evening with her having her brains fucked out. Not that that was a bad plan by any means, but she wanted to tease him before he got to do that.

Landon looked over at the coffee table and saw the outfit Erin had laid out for him and walked over to it. He smiled at her and nodded as he pulled off the t-shirt that he had worn to the office. This was enough to melt Erin's resolve as well. She loved his chest, almost as much as his legs or crotch and her pussy quivered slightly seeing him topless. He removed his shorts as well and was wearing only briefs in their living room as he began to gather the t-shirt to put on.

"Stop, don't do anything, just stand still." Erin still didn't recognize her voice as she spoke the words, but Landon complied. She kept her eyes on his body as her hand once again slipped inside her skirt. There was no gentle teasing of her outer lips like last time, she went directly for her clit and began to stroke it quickly yet gently. Her eyes focused on his cock bulging out from his briefs, just like her daydream earlier, and her breathing became ragged as she continued to work her clit. Landon stood transfixed, watching her. She knew he was and it only made her harder. Her hips began to buck involuntarily, her pussy walls desperately needing something to contract down onto.

Low, guttural moans began to escape from her mouth as another orgasm began to mount in her. She finally took her eyes off of his cock and closed them, enjoying the feelings and sensations her fingers were bringing to her at the moment. She thought about what was ahead in the evening and how she would be fucked later and the stars came again. Her body jerked again and again and her moans became screams as her body racked itself in orgasm. 

Erin lost all sense of time and place for a few moments, because when she was able to realize where she was again, she found herself panting heavily and having her entire body supported by the doorway that she had leaned on a few minutes ago. She managed to collect herself and look up Landon who was standing there, mouth agape. His briefs showed tell-tale signs of precum leaking from his cock. There was a small but noticeable stain on his briefs at his tip. She licked her lips and considering going over to have a taste, but knew that his charm and talent would soon overtake her and they would never reach their destinations.

Instead she looked him in the eye, smiled and righted herself. "I guess you like the floor show, from the looks of your pants it does. But we're not even warming up yet, you need to get dressed so that we're not late." Erin was trying to make her voice sound steady and in control and not like the sex starved nymphomaniac that was consuming her at the moment. She crossed the room and sat down in a chair and crossed her legs seductively, gaining a little more control of the situation since Landon would lose his mind staring at her legs. He was definitely a leg man, and had told her many times how much he loved hers. She had never thought of those as her best feature, but it was clear to her that Landon thought they were and always encouraged her to wear skirts and stockings, which then proceeded to drive him insane. She certainly didn't mind doing it, she felt sexy and wonderfully girlie dressing up for him. She sat on the edge of her chair to make sure she could keep a good view of him as he changed and pointed at the clothes piled on the coffee table.

Landon didn't say a word when she pointed, he obediently started to pull on his undershirt as he kept trying to watch her legs like Erin suspected. He quickly slipped it on and soon after came the button-up shirt she had picked out for him. It was a maroon color which looked great on him, and matched her colors well. He kept eyeing her legs as he slipped into the slacks she had laid out. 

Erin licked her lips again as he pulled up the trousers. They were without doubt the best pair of pants they had ever purchased, Italian-made and they looked great on him. They had found them when they were on a budget, but had splurged anyway, which had proven to be a very wise investment. Erin thought the black slacks had a slimming effect on him, which made him all the more enticing. Before she realized what was going on he had slipped his socks and shoes on and was staring at her.

"You look good enough to eat, but we'll be doing that later. Right now we've got to run or we'll be late for our reservation." Erin stood and crossed over to him, and gave him a quick, passionate kiss and grabbed his crotch briefly to show her appreciation. 

Before Landon could respond (Erin believed he would be speechless a good bit this evening) she turned and started walking towards the door. She could feel her hips swaying as she approached the door. She concentrated on making her ass look irresistible; to keep driving him up the proverbial wall she would have him on for the evening. Landon finally found his voice to ask a question.

"Um, where are we going and how long will it take before I can get you back here?" Erin could tell how turned on he was, because subtlety went right out the window when he was this hot usually.

"We're going to dinner, and then another place or two and who knows when we'll get back?" Erin made herself sound as flirty as possible and walked out the door quickly.

The restaurant that they were going to was all the rage in the city at the moment, in the new chic part of town. Landon and Erin were not ones to frequent the most trendy spots, they had their favorites and usually stuck to them, but heading to the Westside of town and being seen by Atlanta's hottest was extremely alluring this evening. And Erin remembered Landon mentioning that he'd seen a great review of the place they would be going to a few months back.

The drive over was mainly silent as Landon kept diverting his gaze from the road and looking at Erin's outfit. Each time she would smile and then stare back out the window thinking about the rest of the evening. 

She couldn't think of anything sexier to eat than tapas, which were great for sharing. This new place specialized in them and they ordered several things they could feed to each other and a bottle of wine. The conversation throughout the meal was strained to say the least. They both tried to make small talk, but after a few moments Landon would redirect his questioning about what was to come and Erin would deftly side-step the question again and again. She kept telling him to be patient, but knew how she was in situations like this and knew he was only excited. 

The tapas were a great idea, when they arrived Landon stopped probing her, and enjoyed the sexuality that was involved with feeding his beautiful wife luscious food. The food really was quite excellent, and the wine helped Erin ease her nerves about what was to come next. 

The rest of the meal went quickly, the conversation somewhat less strained before the check arrived. For a change, Erin pulled out cash and paid the waitress immediately and told her to keep the change. Landon looked a little perplexed since they usually paid with credit, but Erin didn't want to dawdle or else she might not follow through with the rest of the plan for the evening.

They left quickly and Erin insisted on driving. She made Landon close his eyes as she navigated the streets towards their next destination. She talked about how good he looked and how she enjoyed dinner and couldn't wait to fuck him when they get through the door later. At a red light she looked down to see his crotch pressing against his pants again and felt a delicious surge of adrenaline knowing that she did that to him. Their destination was not far and she was able to quickly arrive. She let Landon open his eyes as they approached the valet stand, and his mouth was agape again as he realized they were at a gentleman's club or strip club, whichever term you prefer.

"The best one in the city as everything on the internet said. And Bono comes here when he's in town so it's got to be cool." Erin smiled as she showed off that she had been doing her homework on their location. They had talked about going to one, but Erin only wanted to go to a classy club, one that she would not feel sleazy going in or out of, and this actually fit the bill. There was another couple entering just before them, which put Erin's mind at ease. Taking a deep breath, she climbed out of the car, took the ticket from the valet and she Landon quickly entered the double doors to the exotic world that awaited them.

They stepped inside, past the hulking bouncer that was standing just inside the doorway, who smiled and looked Erin up and down, and moved into the main area. A hostess came up and greeted them, and informed them that couples were free this evening with a two-drink minimum and that they were free to find a seat wherever they would like. 

Landon and Erin made their way down the stairs into the performance area. They sat down at a table, a little removed from the stage, but still one with a good view. They sat close together and Landon put his arm around Erin which relaxed her a bit. She had been very nervous coming here, it was something she knew that they had both wanted to do at some point, but Landon certainly didn't think it would be this soon. Erin was very glad that she was able to surprise him. 

A tall, skinny (of course) blonde woman was dancing on the stage closest to them and Landon and Erin watched her sway to the music and slowly remove the outfit that she had on. Her body swayed in perfect time with music, and the way her hips swiveled, if you watched them too long it seemed like they could almost hypnotize you. 

When they had sat down the blonde was in a skirt, and bra at the time, and she since had ripped the skirt away. She rubbed her hands all along her body, much like Erin did when she got dressed today Erin thought, and seemed to really be enjoying herself there on stage. Landon and Erin kept watching and moved even closer together. Erin crossed her legs and felt how damp her panties and crotch were. Erin was not interested in women at all, but was enjoying the dance very much. She saw some things that she was definitely going to try at home as the blonde worked her way to nudity.

Erin could feel Landon's excitement and looked at him, and found that he was watching her and not the stage. He leaned over and whispered in her ear.

"Thank you, this is incredible, and you're still the most gorgeous woman in the room." Landon's breath tickled Erin's ear a bit and his words made her feel warm and loved inside.

The song finished and the blonde on-stage collected her tips and retreated. The next song was revving up when a gorgeous brunette approached them and asked what they would like to drink. They both ordered and the brunette smiled and walked away. She was curvy and had an ass on her, and Erin felt she was built very similarly. She watched her walk away and noticed the same "sexed-up" walk that she had been having as of late.

They settled in and watched a few more dancers on several stages. Erin had begun to feel very comfortable in the club and enjoyed seeing the women dance. The women didn't especially turn her on, but the thought of dancing like this for Landon had her positively dripping and her hand wanted to dip below her skirt again, but she resisted the temptation.

Several women had wandered by and chatted, clearly seeing if the couple wanted a table dance, and they had politely refused each lady, Landon and Erin were looking for someone specific if they were going to have one of those.

Landon wanted someone who looked a lot like Erin. Curvy, beautiful face, brunette, Landon didn't want a skinny blonde he said, and it made Erin feel good that he wanted someone like her to dance for them. 

It wasn't long before their woman came by. About Erin's height, she had some definite curves on her, with shoulder length brown hair and deep green eyes. Her bust was one that actually fit her body and she was very tan. She said hello and said her name was Lori and asked about a dance and Landon said yes before even looking over at Erin. She suggested the private lounge; it was a three song minimum there, but well worth it. Landon looked at Erin, who nodded her assent and the trio stood up and walked towards the side of the club.

The lounge was like the regular area, only much smaller. There was still one stage with a dancer on it, but no one was paying her too much attention. There were four other groups in the lounge, all with a private dancer. Lori led Landon and Erin to an oversized loveseat and had them sit. The next song started and she began to move for them. Her movements oozed pure sex, and Erin found herself attracted to the dancer for the first time this evening. She crossed her legs again and enjoyed the tingle between her legs and the dampness she felt.
