 I am sound asleep, relaxed after a couple glasses of wine and a nice warm bubble bath. There is a slight breeze from the open window, helping to cool down the room. I am completely naked curled up on my side, the blankets tossed to the side. 

You quietly open the door and walk in, careful not to wake me. You see me and smile. You notice the half empty glass of wine beside the bed and know what that means. It will take a lot to wake me after the wine. You take off your clothes and crawl into bed with me. 

You start to play with my pussy, gently teasing me to not wake me up. I am already getting wet, you easily slide a finger in me. I moan softly and wiggle my hips. You slide your finger in and out enjoying my reaction. I am soon dripping wet. Before long you have two fingers in me, stretching me, getting me ready for you. You know I am getting close to coming and you stop. You don't want me awake yet. 

You slowly roll me onto my back. You freeze when you hear me start to wake up. I relax and drift back off to sleep. You smile when you see my freshly shaved pussy. You push my legs apart and settle between my thighs. You lean down and lick my clit. I moan in my sleep. You lick me tasting me. You suck my clit into your warm mouth and nibble. This time you slide two fingers in me right away. I wiggle my hips in my sleep. When you are satisfied that I am wet enough, you slowly kiss your way up my body. Kissing across my flat stomach to my breasts. 

You lick my nipple getting it hard. I shake as you blow cool air across my nipple. You position yourself between my legs. The head of your big, beautiful cock just kissing my wet pussy lips. You bite down hard on my nipple as you thrust into me with one hard push. I instantly wake up, crying out. The mixture of pain and pleasure pushes me over the edge that you have had me at. I cum clenching you hard, you stop and enjoy my tight pussy gripping your cock. 

I grab your head pulling you tight against my chest . I arch my back as you continue to suck and nibble on my breast. I dig my nails into your head as you bite harder leaving your mark. You reach up and grab my wrists tight and pin them above my head on the bed. You pull out of me just to thrust back into me, hard and deep, making me cry out. I lift my legs and wrap them around your hips, pulling you close. 

You lift your head just to move to my other nipple, leaving a trail of bite marks. You lick my nipple. You lift your head just to blow on it, making me shake and moan. You love how responsive my body is to your touch. You would be happy just to touch me, to tease me all day. You take my nipple into your mouth and bite down just as you start to fuck me harder. I scream out and arch my back. I cum again. Lifting my hips off the bed to take you even deeper. 

Once again you stop, still deep inside me. You lift your head from my chest and smile down at your bite marks on my chest. You love to leave your mark on my body. You kiss each one then lift your head again to smile down at me. I smile up at you and look into your beautiful green eyes. I close my eyes as you start to move inside me again. 

You lean down and kiss me. I fight to move my hands as you fuck me deep and slow. You just tighten your grip. "Please", I whisper against your lips, "I want to touch you, I want to hold you."

You release my hands never losing your rhythm. I wrap my arms around you and hold you close. We continue to kiss as you move faster and faster inside me. I lift my hips to meet your thrusts. I dig my nails into your back as we cum together. My heart stops and I can't breathe. I see stars and my body explodes in pleasure. 

I feel the weight of you on me as I come to my senses. I love your body on mine, pushing me into the bed. I feel so content, so satisfied. I open my eyes to see you looking down at my just inches from my face. I hold your head in my hands and pull you down to kiss me. You pulls away and kiss the tip of my nose, then my forehead. I whine as you roll off of me, then sigh when you pull me close to your side. I feel so safe tucked in next to you, in your arms. 

"Someone did not ask permission before coming." I can almost hear the smile in your voice. You tuck my hair behind my ear and place a gentle kiss on my head. 

I fall asleep my head on your chest listening to the steady beat of your heart. I know later I will be punished for not asking to cum. I can't wait to see what you have in mind. I love our little escapades.