 My friend Erin wasn't model hot, but she had great curves and a sexual confidence that just made guys crumble at her feet. Men would do anything to be able to go home with her. We met on Match.com ... same age, we liked the photos we saw of each other and she exuded confidence and I could tell she would be able to make me do anything she wanted in the bedroom.

We met at a bar and immediately hit it off. We went back to her place and hadn't even closed the door before she pinned me to the wall and we locked lips. Her hands were all over me, but in a very carefully mapped out way. They started at my hips, which she used to push me against the wall. She slid her hands up my shirt to my chest and clutched my skin, her nails scratching and clawing. The pain didn't bother me at all, rather, it caused an instant erection.

Her hands quickly slid down my chest and stomach before she quickly unbuttoned my jeans and unzipped the zipper. In an instant, she was on her knees in front of me and she pulled my stiff and pulsing cock from my boxers. She looked up at me with a smile that would've made the devil blush. She stared at me as she guided my cock into her mouth. I could feel her warmth, wet breath on my shaft. She kept going, her eyes never left mine as she started sucking my dick like a true porn star. Her head bobbing back and forth, her tongue ravaging my cock. Just seconds into it and already it was the greatest blowjob I'd ever received.

It was hard to see, but I caught a glimpse of her left hand massaging her pussy. She had her right hand on my cock, guiding it into her mouth, but her left hand had pulled her skirt up and revealed her neatly trimmed snatch, her fingertips rapidly massaging her clit. She was moaning and I was on the verge of blowing my load right in her mouth. Should I warn her? Would she be mad? But before I could warn her, she pulled my cock out quickly, still stroking it though, and said, "When you're ready, I want you to cum in my mouth...I can take it...in fact, I want it so bad..." Holy shit ... that was more than I could bear and as soon as she shoved my meat back into her mouth, I fired everything I had down the back of her throat. She never flinched, she just kept on sucking and then she grabbed my hands and forced them to the back of her head. She wanted me to force her mouth onto my cock, so I obliged. When she finished, there wasn't a drop of cum anywhere.

Already, I was wondering how long it would take for me to recover before I could fuck this little vixen. I just had the best knob job ever, surely the sex would follow suit. But, I would have to wait. She wasn't giving that up just yet.

We saw more of each other and each time, no matter where we were, she found a way to either give me head or a hand job. At a restaurant, she sat next to me in a booth and reached her hand under my napkin, undid my zipper and jerked me off right there. In a movie theater, we saw a crappy movie so the crowd would be light. We sat in the back corner, wore dark clothes, so she could kneel in front of me and suck me dry. This went on for weeks, but she would never let me get her off, have sex or even lick her pussy. Nothing.

Finally, about six weeks into the relationship, we went to a carnival with a big Ferris wheel. We got to the top and the ride stopped. We were told that there was nothing to worry about, just a routine spot inspection and that we'd be down in about 10 minutes. In the meantime, enjoy the view. She looked me in the eyes and said, "It's your turn..."

"What?" I said. 

"It's your turn to make me cum. Get on your knees and bury that face between my legs, NOW!" 

She didn't need to say another word. I knelt immediately, but she would spread her legs to reveal the prize I had so coveted the last month and a half. I looked at her quizzically and she smiled..."Force them open...take it from me..."

Fuck...yeah! I ripped those thighs apart, reached under her legs and lifted her forcefully to the edge of the seat. She gasped. Of course, she wasn't wearing any underwear, which was perfect...less trouble. I dove right in, flicking her clit with my tongue and fingering her pussy. She writhed and moaning, clutching at her large breasts and pinching her own nipples. Then her hands moved to the back of my head and pulled me onto her pussy harder -- I almost couldn't breathe, but the harder she pulled on my head, the closer she came to cumming. My tongue was going crazy over her now dripping mound until she finally let out this low, intense, satisfied moan. Her grip on my head relaxed, as did the rest of her body. Finally, I got a taste of her. But she still wasn't ready to let me fuck her.

About three weeks later, I was at home when I got a call from her. 

"What are you doing right now?" she said.

"Nothing, why ... did you have something in mind?" I said, hopeful she wanted to get together.

"I'm lying face down in my bed, wearing blue lace lingerie. I want you to get your ass, and your cock, over here, sneak up the stairs and take me."

Whoa...suddenly, I wasn't as horny as I was. "You want me to do what? Are you sure?"

"Yes, I'm sure. Get your ass over her, rip this shit off my body and fuck me however you want to fuck me." She was calm ... she'd been planning this.

"Okay ... I'm on my way, but do you really mean 'anything'?"

"Any-thing-you-want..." was her response.

It took me ten minute to get to her apartment. The door was unlocked, like she said. I closed it quietly behind me and climbed the stairs. I dressed for the part, wearing jeans and a hooded sweater to hid my face. The room was dark, but I could see her lying motionless on the bed, blue lingerie covering very little of her curvaceous body. I crept quietly to her side of the bed ... she was asleep. Suddenly, I clapped my hand over her mouth with a great deal of force and her eyes shot open. 

"Don't you fuckin' move!" I said softly, but intensely. Her eyes tried to scream fear, but it was obvious she was loving every minute of this and she would later tell me how convincing I was.

"Tonight," I continued. "I'm going to fuck you, one way or another, so you have either fight it, or you can just enjoy the ride. I've had my eye on you for some time and I've always wondered what it'd be like to shove my dick in that juicy ass. Well, sweetheart, I'm about to find out..."

She wasn't quite ready for what I did next, but again, she trusted me and knew it was only part of the game. I flipped out my buck knife and ran it across her cheek. She fell out of character only once that night. When she saw the knife, she grinned and whispered, "nice touch!" I grinned back and then we both went back into character.

"Listen here, sweetie...you're going to unzip my jeans and you're going to suck my cock until it's nice and hard. Do you think you can do that without me having to get physical?"

"Yes...I-I think I can, " she managed.

"Well get to it then..."

She propped herself up on all fours and then whipped my cock out. She started slow at first and then I reached behind her head, grabbed her hair and said, "Suck it like you mean it!" and started forcing her onto me.

Like she had so many times before, she mouth-fucked my cock like a true pro. By now, I'd built up a tolerance to her mind-blowing BJs. She sucked and sucked, but I wasn't anywhere close to firing a round.

Finally, I pulled her off my dick and told her to get up on her knees. She was kneeling on the bed before me, my cock hard as steel. I put the knife between her breasts ... her one-piece blue lingerie barely holding her D-cup tits. I turned the blade of the knife toward me and flicked it quickly, cutting the first inch of her sexy outfit. I tucked the knife away and move my hands under each of her quivering breasts. 

She trembled with anticipation as I ran my fingers over her skin ... then, I grabbed the material covering her breasts, on either side of the cut I had made, and ripped her lingerie down the middle ... I almost got all of it in one rip, but it was still connected her pussy. I shoved her onto her back and she laid there. I took my clothes off, completely naked, and climbed on top of her to finish the job.

I ripped the rest of the outfit off until she was completely nude. Her snatch was dripping wet. She was ready. This wasn't a soon-to-be victim; she was a willing and very ready participant. But we stayed in our roles.

"Roll over on your stomach." I commanded. She complied.

I moved my cock between her ass cheeks and worked it back and forth until I felt her hot, dripping wet pussy. I teased her clit, enjoying the moment.

She broke the silence by shouting, "If you're going to fuck me, just do it already and get it over with!"

Not sure how to respond, I leaned forward, grabber her hair and pulled her head back.

"I'll fuck you when I'm ready ... got it?"

"Yes sir!" She snapped back.

With that, I couldn't wait anymore, I plunged my cock into her without warning. She screamed and it was real. I recoiled and shot my rod right back inside her pussy. She screamed again. Then, I really started giving it to her. She was screaming "FUCK ME! FUCK ME HARDER YOU SON OF A BITCH!"

I pulled hard on her hair again and she fought back, pushing her ass and pussy up into my throbbing cock. 

The more she screamed at me to fuck her, the rougher I got. She was loving this. This was her fantasy and it was quickly becoming my favorite.

I continued to fuck the shit out of her, using my hands on her hips to get better leverage as I violated her.

Then I stopped and told her to roll over onto her back. She did so immediately. I started teasing her pussy again with the tip of my cock. Then, I moved down to her asshole. Her eyes lit up ... "are you going to fuck me in the ass?"

"You're damn right..."

I rubbed a combination of my precum and her juices to lube her hole and then I slid it in. It was somewhat tight, but it was clear she wasn't an anal virgin. She moaned and I began to pick up speed. She pulled her knees back to her chest and move my hands to the back of her thighs, lifting myself up so she could feel every inch of my cock in her ass. She screamed for more, she screamed for harder. 

Then, she started to orgasm ... she reached up and grabbed my head and pulled me down and told me to cum in her ass right that minute. She was having an incredibly intense orgasm and wanted me to cum with her. So, I let go and shot my hot, warm cum deep in her ass.

We were both exhausted, but we agreed that it was the best sex of our lives, hands down. 

We laid there for what seemed like forever. We continued to play with each other, masturbating and caressing until I was able to go again. This time, it was just us, no victim or suspect. She rode me until she came again and then she gave me another blow job to finish me off.

The next morning, she rolled over and said to me, "You can sneak into my room and fuck me like that any time you want."