 My name is Gloria. I’m 47 and have been married for 30 years. I guess it’s because I married so young and never really took the time to explore my sexuality that I found myself a very sexually frustrated woman. Ben, my husband, is 61 and started losing his sex drive back in his 50’s. If I get any sexual attention from him at all, it’s what they call once in a blue moon.

After our children were grown and gone, we no longer had a need for our 5-bedroom house but since we had built it ourselves we didn’t want to move. So, we decided to rent the extra bedrooms. Our master bedroom had a private bath and there were two other bathrooms in the house for our renters to share.

The first two renters were college girls. I thought that might help Ben with his problem, but it only ended up frustrating me more. The girls would run around the house scantily clad with their near-perfect little bodies. Well, you can just imagine how I was beginning to feel.

Our third renter was a young boy. Well, I call him a young boy; he was 19. He’d had some sort of problem with his parents and moved out on his own. Every morning he was up early and off to put in a hard day’s work on the county road crew. Billy was just as nice and polite as he could be; I couldn’t imagine what sort of problem he must have had with his parents.

The girls flirted with Billy all the time. And he was quite a striking young man with a chiseled jaw, deep blue eyes and sandy hair. Working on the road crew hardened his young body and he had added quite a muscular body to his 6’2” frame.

“Gloria,” he said to me one morning. “I heard you say you were going to town today. Here’s $50.00 if you wouldn’t mind picking me up some more work shoes.”

“I’ll be happy to do it,” I replied.

“Great!” he beamed with a big smile. “Here, I’ve written everything down, and I bought these at Best. I’m sure they still have them. Is that too far out of your way?”

“No, not at all. I drive right by it,” I answered.

Later that morning, at Best, I immediately saw the same shoe Billy had been wearing that morning. I handed the note to the sales clerk. “Here’s what I’m supposed to pick up,” I said.

“Size 12E! Wow! I’ll have to go upstairs to see if we have any,” the girl said.

A few moments later she was back at the counter with a box in her hands. “Last pair,” she said. “Wow, your husband has a big foot.”

“Oh, no. They’re not for my husband. One of our renters wanted me to pick them up,” I quickly answered.

“Is he single?” she asked with a smile.

“Yes, why do you ask?”

“12 E,” she smiled knowingly.

And then I knew what she was talking about. “Oh, uh, I see,” I stammered. Then I smiled back at her. “But I can’t answer that question for you.”

On the way home, however, I couldn’t stop thinking about what the sales girl had suggested about Billy. I flipped open the box and removed one of the shoes. God, it was huge! I shivered involuntarily and felt a queasy feeling in my lower belly as I thought – about Billy’s cock.

That night at dinner I kept stealing glances at the boy. The size of his cock was about all I could think about. Oh, god, I was so frustrated with my situation. When he got up to leave the table I glanced at his crotch to see if I could see any evidence. Of course, with jeans you never really know, but what I saw looked promising.

What was I thinking? Promising! Promising for whom? I was still an old married bitch, whatever the size of his cock. I sat there for several minutes after everyone had excused themselves from the table. And then it hit me! My panties were wet. Thinking about the boy had brought life back into my pussy. Oh, god.

The girls went to their rooms about 8:30 and Ben went up to bed at 9:00. Billy and I watched television with me still stealing glances at his crotch. Once, during a hot love scene I saw him reach down and adjust himself. Oh, my! He did have a package inside the denim.

A short while later he excused himself, saying he’d better get rested up. He said something about a bridge, but I wasn’t really listening. My heart was throbbing in my ears with my newfound knowledge. I slid my hand up my leg and confirmed that my panties were even wetter. There was a tightness in my lower abdomen. I was horny!

I sneaked down the darkened hall past the girls’ rooms. Billy’s room was the last one. He’d left the door open slightly and in the dim light emanating from his closet, I saw him standing with his back to me. He had already stepped out of his shoes and was sliding his jeans downward. I couldn’t move.

I stared as his muscular ass came into view. He wore no underwear. His legs appeared equally strong. Billy turned slightly to put his jeans on a nightstand, and I saw it. Seven inches of cock hung in front of him. It looked as thick as my wrist, and it was soft. I gasped to myself as I contemplated what I was seeing.

Billy began to turn for bed and I quickly moved back down the hall, then up the stairs to my place beside Ben. Tonight I would sleep nude. I couldn’t get my mind off the boy downstairs, and it took a long time for me to finally drift off to sleep. But the lack of consciousness did not stop the thoughts about Billy.

I dreamed about his cock throughout the night, waking up several times – each time I discovered my hand covering my pussy. And each time I wished it were Ben’s. Or, dare I say it, Billy’s. No, not Billy’s hand; I wished my hand was Billy’s cock.

Shortly after breakfast, Billy and Ben left for their jobs. About an hour later Megan and Crystal headed out the door for school. I poured myself another cup of coffee and was beginning to sit down with Megan burst back through the door.

“It’s too hot for this,” she said, indicating the sweater in her hand.

“Just leave it here. I’ll put it up for you so you can go on,” I said. Megan thanked me with a big smile and dropped the sweater on the back of one of the chairs.

I couldn’t stop thinking about Billy as I sat there drinking the coffee. The vivid image of his cock was cemented in my brain. I thought about sneaking down the hall the night before and how I had felt standing outside his door peeking inside. My heart was pounding again.

I sighed. The coffee cup was empty, so I moved to the sink and washed it. Once it was back in the cabinet, I turned to see Megan’s sweater that I had already forgotten about. I picked it up and headed down the hall that I had sneaked down hours earlier. I walked past Megan’s room and stood outside Billy’s room again. My mind was reeling. I touched myself. I touched myself strongly and I walked into the bedroom. I inhaled, trying to catch a scent of the boy. I even bent over and smelled his sheets. His naked cock had been there not too long ago. Oh, my god. What was I doing?

I quickly moved out of the room and walked directly to Megan’s bedroom. I put the sweater on a hanger in her closet and turned to leave when my eye caught something strange peeking out from beneath her pillow. It was bright blue and…was it cylindrical?

I walked over to the bed and raised the pillow slightly to stare down at a big blue jelly-like vibrating dildo. Except for the color…my thoughts immediately went back to Billy. I wondered if his erection was that big. Sure it was, I convinced myself. My hand closed around the soft tube. Wow, that is lifelike. I lifted it from the bed and admired its size up close. I even smelled of it, but could detect no scent.

I continued staring at the blue cock. I flipped the switch and it began to hum with the foremost three inches rotating slightly. Never had I seen anything like this. It was mesmerizing to watch it spin slowly with the low hum. After a moment or two, I switched off the power and placed it back under Megan’s pillow. I headed back to my room to shower.

When my mind returned from my thoughts about Billy, I saw myself standing naked in front of the mirror. My body wasn’t that bad. I was still pretty slender. Sure, there was a little pouch at my belly, but my arms and legs were firm. I turned. My ass didn’t look bad at all. My breasts didn’t sag too terribly bad.

I sat on the bed and studied my pussy. I laughed to myself. Hell, it should be tight; it hasn’t had any action in months. Then, I sighed. It hadn’t had any action in months.

I was standing naked beside Megan’s bed, lifting the pillow. The blue cock was in my hand. I took it back to my room. I arranged a couple of pillows lengthwise on the bed and placed the cock between them, standing on its base. In my mind it was Billy lying there asleep, his cock at full attention.

Slowly and cautiously I knelt beside the bed and leaned toward the pole of jelly. I kissed it and heard a moan. It was a moan beckoning me to continue – to do more. I pushed my mouth over the end of it. It jumped. Four inches moved back and forth, up and down. The cock fucked my mouth. I could hear panting and moaning. The pleasure was incredible. Billy liked my mouth on his cock; I could tell by the sounds I was hearing.

I crawled up onto the bed and spread my legs over the tall, thick cock. Slowly, ever so slowly, it entered me. It began to rotate inside me and I could hear the pleasurable hum of passion. I could hardly breathe. The anticipation, the excitement of being here – with him – oh, god, how he filled me. The cock was moving into areas where a cock had never been. My mind was doing the same.

I heard loud panting. Loud moans crashed through my brain and my body shuddered with a powerful orgasm that was quickly followed by another and a third. God, I was going to die. I fell across the bed, the cock still impaling me, still buzzing its delight.

For the next few days, my nights were filled with the same dream. Each night my brain stood outside Billy’s room, peering inside. Each night my brain saw him lying in bed naked, his cock standing erect. Oh, how thick it was! Each night my brain saw the long, thick cock push into my mouth.

Each day, the thick, blue cock carried me to orgasm.

On Thursday at dinner, the girls said they were going to the state capital for the weekend. Ben looked up from his plate, “Well, hon. With the guard on bivouac this weekend, I guess that means you and Billy are on your own.”

My heart was in my throat immediately. I felt my pussy gush with excitement. “Uh, okay,” I said. “I guess we can make it without you. Can’t we Billy?”

“Yes m’am,” he said. “We might even rent some movies and get some popcorn and just make a night of it,” he said with a laugh. Everyone joined the laugh.

Crystal spoke. “I don’t know.” She looked at Megan. “You think we can trust these two alone?”

Megan joined in. “Crys, you may be right. Ben, what do you think?” She grinned from ear to ear.

Ben returned the grin. “Hell…uh, well. I guess they’re both adults. They can get into trouble if they want to.” He glanced from Billy to me. “Just don’t expect any of us to come bail you out.”

Billy raised his glass of iced tea toward me. “To trouble,” he said. “I mean, staying out of trouble,” he added amidst the laughter.

Friday morning saw me leave the house early for a manicure and pedicure. I soaked in the tub for an hour. I didn’t see my blue friend that day, but I’d certainly had my erotic dream the night before.

It began raining in the middle of the afternoon and the road crew quit work early. I was standing in the kitchen wearing a towel when Billy came through the door.

“Oh, I didn’t expect you home so early,” I managed to blurt out.

Billy’s eyes devoured me before he spoke. “Oh, I’m sorry, Glo…m’am. I…”

I laughed nervously to help calm myself down as well as ease the tension a bit. “That’s alright. You can call me Gloria.” Billy grinned as his eyes moved up and down once again. “I guess it didn’t take us long to begin getting in trouble, huh?” I said.

“Yeah,” was all he said. Seeing me in a towel was having an effect on him.

“I’ll tell you what,” I said. “Why don’t you take a good long bath and I’ll order a pizza for dinner? Would that be okay?”

“Yeah,” he smiled. “Pizza would be great. You must be reading my mind.”

“Well, I’ve never been accused of that,” I smiled back at him.

“Do you think…” he began.

“Beer? Why not?” I cut him off.

“Well, consider yourself accused,” he grinned. “Just don’t read all my thoughts.”

I laughed. God, I liked being with him. “That goes both ways,” I said. “In fact, I already had beer in the refrigerator. Just let me know when you’re ready.”

“That’s the best offer I’ve had in a long time. I feel like I could knock down a few. You sure you got plenty?” he said.

“Do you think an 18-pack is enough, or do I need to run to the store?” I grinned sheepishly. I was acting like a schoolgirl. Hell, I was feeling like a schoolgirl.

His eyes were back at the top of my legs. “That should be a good start, for tonight at least.” After a short pause, he continued, “Let me run get in the tub and then,” another pause. “We’ll get this party started.”

I did a little swaying move as I gave my weak Pink imitation, “Get this pahty stah-ted.”

“You listen to Pink?” he asked almost incredulously.

“I couldn’t have told you who sings the song, but I’ve certainly heard it a lot,” I answered.

“Cool. Okay, see you in a bit,” he said as he began moving down the hall. First, however, he glanced back at my legs.

When Billy was out of sight I looked down and discovered the towel had split apart and my pussy was peeking through the opening. A brief feeling of embarrassment was quickly replaced by excitement. Not only had he seen my pussy, he couldn’t keep his eyes off of it. I shivered.

I heard water running in the bathroom. My breathing had quickened. God, how that boy excited me! Ben called to say he was headed out of town and would see me Sunday night. Somehow, that caused my mind to flood with even more thoughts of the naked boy down the hallway. He was probably washing that monster cock at this very moment. I shivered again.

With a beer in each hand I moved down the hallway to the bathroom door. I knocked gently. “Room service,” I called out.

“Uh, just a second,” came the voice from behind the door.

I pushed the door open to see Billy quickly bending forward. “How about a beer?” I asked as I moved toward him. He eyes drank in the view of my pussy moving toward him.

“Uh, yeah. Great!” he answered. He appeared a little embarrassed.

When he reached up for the beer I caught a glimpse of what he was trying to hide. His thick cock rose a full six or seven inches out of the water. It looked like a summer sausage – a big summer sausage. “Service with a smile,” I said pretending nothing was unusual.

Billy’s face was a little red. “Uh, well, I can honestly say this is the best service I’ve ever had, anywhere.” He glanced back at my pussy, still peeking from behind the towel.

“I’ll leave if you want me to,” I said. “Or, I’ll sit here and drink you, uh, with you.” What a Freudian slip!

“Yeah. Uh, no, you don’t have to leave,” he said to my pussy. He sat up a little straighter. “I was just thinking about you.” He knew I could see his cock. And he slowly, deliberately moved his eyes from mine to focus on my pussy. He wanted me to know.

“See. That’s a thought I didn’t read,” I said softly. My own passion was about to erupt. My chest heaved.

“Really? What am I thinking now?” he asked before slugging at the beer.

“Uh,” I began. “You want me to wash your back.” I announced.

“I guess that’s close,” he smiled.

My brain was on fire, but it wasn’t nearly as hot as the fire between my legs. There was a volcano beginning to erupt inside my pussy. I turned and sat my beer on the counter, and Billy placed his on the floor.

When I turned back to face him, he had risen to his knees. The ten-inch log of a cock jutted in front of him. I stared. Neither of us said a word. Billy rose from the water and stepped one foot onto the floor. His mighty cock swayed in front of him. This was not my dream. But, I couldn’t move. My feet were glued to the floor.

Billy’s other foot was pulled from the tub and he stepped toward me. My eyes were still glued to the massive weapon bobbing in front of him as he took another step. His arms reached out; his hands grasped my shoulders and he pushed me gently backwards. My feet moved under his guidance.

The wall pressed against my back. Billy towered over me, looking down into my eyes. His hands slipped from my shoulder and jerked the towel free. I felt it slide down my legs to the floor. His hands moved over my breasts. Fingers twisted my already erect nipples.

The strong hands moved out to my arms. I felt myself being pulled. No, it was my hands being pulled. God, my hands were wrapped around his monster cock. I shivered with anticipation. I looked down to see the giant cock in my hands – just to know it was real. I was really standing there with a huge log of male flesh in my hands. I whimpered.

Then a hand gripped my chin and lifted my face upward. Our eyes met. “Gloria, what are you going to do?” he whispered. His hands were on my shoulders. I felt myself sliding down the wall. My eyes still peered into his as my body sank lower and lower.

I never took my gaze away from his eyes as my hands drew the mighty weapon in line with my face. I opened my mouth and felt the thick head of his cock slide between my lips. At that moment my first orgasm shook my body uncontrollably and I came back to my senses with four inches of his cock moving in and out of my mouth.

“Ungh…ungh, ah, Gloria. I’m gonna cum in your mouth,” he panted. I nodded my assent as he fucked my face. Faster. Faster still. His giant cock rocketed in and out of my mouth. This was not my erotic dream at all. The dream was so slow, more of me making oral love to his cock. But I felt another orgasm building inside me as he continued to fuck my face.

“Now,” he shouted. Immediately I was deluged with heavy jets of cum shooting inside my mouth. I swallowed as fast as I could. “God almighty,” he shouted as he blasted his seed between my lips. Cum was running from my mouth, dripping onto my breasts and the floor. I felt Billy begin to relax and the jets of cum stopped.

“God, Gloria,” he panted.

Billy’s hands grabbed my arms. His muscles bulged as he pulled me to stand in front of him. I looked up to see his face moving down to mine, lips nibbling, caressing, and kissing mine. A big hand moved between my legs and I began shaking with another orgasm just as he touched me. A finger, no two fingers spread my lips.

The giant cock head that had just spewed inside my mouth now pushed against the entrance to my pussy. Oh, god, this was my erotic dream. The head spread my lips apart and I felt him move inside me, slowly…slowly at first. I was pinned to the wall, helpless.

The boy thrust upward and I gasped as the salami-sized cock stretched me in every direction. “Oh, Billy. Oh, Billy. Yes, yes. Oh, yes. Fuck me.” I lost all sense. My body had become a giant clitoris assaulted by a giant cock. I screamed as loud as I could, “Fuck me, Billy!”

The long, thick cock was like a jackhammer inside my pussy. Its blood-swelled veins vibrated my clit. Never had I been so wonderfully taken. Never had I… “Oh, god, Billy. Fuck me hard!”

Juices were flowing down my legs as the cock, the big cock, the wonderful cock explored depths before untouched. “Fuck me, Billy!” I screamed. The orgasm never subsided. On and on my body shook uncontrollably. I was gasping. I was panting loudly. I was moaning at the top of my lungs.

Years of sexual frustration centered on my clitoris and Billy’s cock wiped away those years. “God, Billy. Don’t stop. Don’t ever stop fucking me,” I pleaded.

How did I get here? I was on my back on Megan’s bed. Billy was over me. His tongue battled my clit and my body shuddered. The orgasm continued. Oh, god. That wonderful cock was fucking my mouth again. Yes, Billy yes. Fuck my face. Shoot your load into my belly. Down my throat. Yes, oh, yes. I want to drink from your mighty sword. I want to taste, again, the nectar that flows from you.
