 The house was quiet, and all of us were deciding on our next foray. Dinner had been a lavish affair, and the wine had mellowed us. The ten of us were on holiday. We had sat around the balcony watching the sun set. 

Mimi and I had stayed aloof from my friends and their siblings. We were engrossed in discovering our common ground, and realized that as beach bums, we had no real hangups. My girlfriend and I had a temporary parting of ways, and Mimi knew that from previous innocent conversations over the past few hours.

The quarter moon made up for the lack of electricity in the rural village we were in. The group decided to visit the local graveyard!!!! Why, I really didn't know, but wine probably made it seem like a good idea at that time. So we sashayed on. Initially, all ten of us started off on the one-lane road to the graveyard and church across the paddy fields, but the more innocent among us moved ahead.

Mimi hooked her arm in mine, and kissed me with such abandon that I realized I was way beyond my league. A 20 year-old boy/man was being taught the art of Kama Sutra kissing by a young woman his age. We would stop, hug, kiss and devour each other. I had on my swim trunks from the afternoon and she her short skirt and T shirt.

We would walk, stop, kiss and pretend to look at the paddy in the half-moonlight while the others walked on ahead. I couldn't believe that watching rice grow was that interesting. Somewhere in the middle of my rice-watching encounter, I found Mimi's breasts, and started to knead them with gentle squeezes. Her nipples grew hard, and her breathing grew labored. I took her top and moved it down below her breasts, starting to kiss her right breast with my mouth. Mimi was getting a little unsteady while we continued to walk towards the church that was about a half mile away.

Her right hand started to feel its way down my belly, and reached the top of my swim trunks. It moved lower, and she wrapped my penis in her hand. All this while, we were walking along, about 50 feet away from our friends. My cock grew and I started to feel the urge to move, but couldn't decide whether to stop and thrust into her hands, or walk along nonchalantly.

So I decided to pay Mimi back in her own coin. I moved my right hand down from her breast to her groin, and gradually worked my way to her pubis. Her cunt was soppy by then, and my fingers squished wetly while they moved back and forth from the top of her clit to the vagina.

It was getting a little difficult to sustain the simultaneous walk, the undulation of her cunt with my fingers, while she jacked me off. No way...that wasn't going to work. So I stopped walking, turned around and kissed her hard on her lips, brought her body close to me, and raised her skirt.

I reached behind her, grabbed the top of her panties under her skirt, and in the quickest maneuver I have ever done, dropped them below her knees, forcing her to step out of her panties. She had to keep her sandals on, but now I had her panties in my hands. I raised them to my nose and savored the smell of her womanhood. It was musty, sweet and stimulated my glands.

I pocketed her panties by stuffing them in my trunks, caressed her breast, put my tongue in her ear and whispered, " you have to get these panties back somehow... and you know how".

Mimi was too far gone to know "how" but she nibbled my earlobe, and squeezed my dick to "acknowledge receipt" of that message. 

By then, we had reached the church and walked around the graveyard howling at the moon, pretending we were werewolves calling out to the dead spirits. It was a totally juvenile adventure, with no real meaning and without any end. But at 20, who really knew why and what we did what we were doing.

Walking back was a more sedate situation, with Mimi and I merely walking arm in arm, with an occasional kiss.

We reached the family stead and all of us sprawled around the balcony seats. Mimi signaled to me with a nod. The extremely smart man that I am, I got up, walked down the stairs and went to the back of dwelling. Everything was really dark, and the moon was not shedding too much light. I sat on a hard stone bench on the side porch, and waited. In a few seconds, Mimi showed up. She walked up to me, and smushed my face with her groin. Her skirt was in my face, my hands by my side, and I raised my right hand, caressed her thigh. Moving it up slowly, I ventured below her skirt and reached her now-pantie-less cunt. She was wet and I was hungry.

Lifting her skirt from the front, with my hand below her ass from the back, I started to lick the front, while inserting one finger, then two, into her cunt. She began to moan, and I was a little but not too concerned, that we would attract an audience.

She quietened down while I continued to raise her level of consciousness to the heights of nirvana. While I was doing that, she decided to bend her knees, resting them on the stone stoop, and grabbed my penis with her right hand.

Masturbating me slowly, she brought me to another level of pre-cum, that had gone beyond the mere lubrication I had achieved with our crazy crab walk to the church.

We stood up, and I walked her to the wall of the steps leading to the upstairs balcony. She stood against the wall, I raised her skirt and gradually made my way into her dripping area of heavenly bliss with my raging hard-on.

That is when she asked me..."do you have any condoms?" I didn't. This was supposed to be my sabbatical away from my girlfriend problems and I was to have spent the week contemplating my future with or without her. So, nope, I had brought no protection. Well, said Mimi, we had better not go the whole way with you in me. I had to agree. No matter what, I wasn't going to trade a problem with my girlfriend for potential fatherhood with a lovely girl whom I hardly knew.

So we reluctantly slowed down. I withdrew from her gorgeous, sloppy, sweet cunt and asked her what was next. She sweetly told me that other alternatives existed. We went back to the porch, and she gently pushed me down on the stone bench. She knelt on my right, pulled my trunks down, and slowly and oh so slowly, took me in her mouth and started to vacuum my penis.

It had already been a long night, and I was getting a brain fart with the tension in my penis. I came within a few minutes (less than two by my reckoning). She smiled, slobbered my face with her cum-soaked lips, wiped them on my shirt, and proceeded to move my fingers to her cunt. I got the message and gently masturbated her to an orgasm.

We were through for the night. The sleeping arrangements were communal, so all ten of us slept in the same area on inflatable mattresses.

Mimi slept next to me, but we were too beat to really do anything that night.

Early morning was heralded by a cock crowing (really, a rooster crowed..) and we awoke. Coffee was made, served and we did the usual morning stuff that all of us do. It was only 7:30 in the morning, and we were due to go to the beach around 10. Breakfast was at 9, so we were lolling around, when Mimi gave me her characteristic head bob/nod. I caught it, got up and went to the far end of the large home, towards the east wing where portraits of ancestors hung on the walls, chandeliers dropped from the ceilings, and generally, all was formal and remote. No one visited this area except during large dinner parties.

I knew that, Mimi knew that. So what we did was characteristic. We sat down on the floor, looked out the verandah on the coconut plantation in the back yard and watched the sun rise. Yeah right...we watched it for a couple of minutes to make sure that no one missed us...and then we got down to business at hand. Her hand on my cock, mine deep inside her cunt. We brought ourselves to levels of ecstacy and watched our eyes grow dark and the semen in her hands squish around her fingers.

We quietened down, waited for our breathing to slow and rejoined our group of friends. It was time to go to the beach. We walked along the hillside path to the remote beach where "nudists" supposedly inhabited. There were none around, except us.

We quickly shed all our clothes, and our friends wallowed in the water, shouting and splashing each other with abandon.

We abandoned them, and Mimi and I walked over the rocks to the headland where we watched the waves come in. The tide was low but turning. It was a few minutes, but soon Mimi grew bored of the beauty of the tropical beach, the paradise that we were in, and made a beeline for what she thought was the most interesting pastime of the day...my cock. She sucked it, she squeezed it and I gave her my total attention. I bent over, licked her cunt, which was now getting a little salty with the tide coming in. The waves were lapping at our feet, our groins and our buttocks. Mimi laid back on the smooth rocks, so did I. The water came up closer to her cunt, my fingers did the walking, and her orgasm was loud and unrestrained.

I had never ejaculated in the sea, but Mimi's hands were skilful and before I knew it, my third orgasm of the morning was squandered into the sea. She refused to swallow it...saying that she was on a low salt diet!!! It was hilarious, but only to a 20 year-old with his brains in his dick. We spent a wonderful half-hour on the rocks, then realized that we were getting a bit too tanned with the sun beating down.

Hand in hand, we walked to the others, waded into the water by the lagoon and swam around each other. We still were too wrapped up with each other, and the underwater swims intentionally took us between our legs, where Mimi would caress my penis, and I would wiggle her tiggle. It was fun and surprisingly wholesome. 

Later that afternoon, we returned to our friends' large home and rested. The day was ending, but the evening had just begun. We were there for five more nights!!!