 My second erotic dream about him: We were uncomfortable around each other the next day at work. It was impossible to stay away from each other though. We seemed to find different reasons all day long to go to each other’s work areas. Looks passed between us and, of course, the inevitable sexual tension was there – even stronger than before. Every time I looked at him I could feel his bare skin against mine and I wanted him more and more. It was excruciating. Around 3 o’clock, I heard him say that he had an appointment of some type and was leaving for the day. I looked up at him and wanted so much to go to him, to touch him, to kiss him. I didn’t want him to leave. ‘Jesus,’ I thought to myself. ‘He’s just going home for the day. What the hell is wrong with me?!’ I closed my eyes and rubbed my temples. When I opened my eyes, he was standing in front of me. He grabbed my hand, placed something in it, closed my fingers around it, then turned around and left. I watched him leave, then opened my hand to see a key attached to a chain with a hotel name and address on it.  I smiled and felt a sudden sense of relief. 

The next 2½ hours went by excruciatingly slowly. Finally 5:00 rolled around and I dashed out the door and drove to the address on the key chain. 

When I got there, I put the key in the lock and turned it quickly. I pushed the door open. It was dark in the room except for a few candles on a table by the window. I squinted, trying to get my eyes to adjust to the lack of light, and called out his name.

 “Are you in here?” I called.

 The door closed loudly behind me and I jumped. “I’m here.” Came his voice behind me. 

I laughed nervously and said, “You scared me.”

“That’s the last thing I’d ever want to do.” He whispered in my ear.

He took my coat and keys from me and laid them on the dresser. My eyes finally started to adjust and I could see that he was wearing just a bathrobe. He pushed me gently back against the door and kissed me long and hard. My knees felt weak and I wanted him inside me right then. 

He looked into my eyes and said, “Last night I fucked you. Tonight, I’m going to make love to you.” He stared at me for a moment as if he was waiting for a response. 

All I could manage was a breathless, “Yes.” 

He undressed me slowly, deliberately taking his time. With every second, I was growing more desperate for our bodies to become one. When he had removed all my clothing, he dropped his robe. He kissed me again and the feel of his skin touching mine was so exhilarating, I thought I would cum before he ever entered me. I had no idea how right I was! He kissed and licked my ear lobes, my neck, my nipples. He took my hand and led me to the bathroom. Like the main room, it was dark except for a few candles. The tub was full and I could see steam rising from it.

 “Get in.” he said, smiling. He helped me in and joined me. He took a steaming washcloth and washed my entire body. When he got to my pussy, he put the washcloth aside and rubbed it gently with his hand. The first of many orgasms hit me like a ton of bricks. I cried out his name and grabbed his hand, grinding against it until my orgasm subsided. I leaned against the back of the tub and sighed deeply. He just watched me as I tried to catch my breath. He stood up and held out his hand. I took it and we got out of the tub and dried each other off silently. 

He led me to the bed and we lay down together. I was on my back and he was on his side looking down at me. He kissed me softly. “Touch yourself.” He whispered. 

“What?” I asked. 

“I want to watch you make yourself cum.” He replied. “Touch yourself.” 

I was too turned on to refuse him anything. He traced circles around my nipples with his fingertips and watched as I rubbed my pussy and rolled my hips slowly. It felt so good, but I wanted him inside me so badly. I looked into his eyes and whispered his name, my fingers never stopping their desperate work.

“Please” I said. “ I need you.” 

He smiled and put his finger to my lips. “In time,” he said. “Right now I want to watch you. Now use your fingers to fuck that hot pink pussy for me.” I obeyed him, first slipping one, then two, then finally three fingers inside myself. I fucked myself softly, slowly.

He leaned down and kissed me passionately and the second wave washed over me. My fingers worked faster and my whole body tensed. He pulled away gently and watched me cum. 

“That was so beautiful.” He whispered. “Now taste it.”

I looked at him for a second, not really comprehending what he meant.

“Put your fingers to your lips and taste it.” He said.

I brought my hand up close to my face. I could see the juices glistening in the moonlight that peaked through the small spaces between the blinds. I could smell the sweet scent of it. It was intoxicating. I brought one fingertip up to my lips and licked it tentatively. It tasted so good to me. I watched his eyes as I slowly pushed my whole index finger into my mouth and sucked the sweet juice from it. Jesus, I couldn’t believe how much I enjoyed the taste of it.

“Hey, save some for me.” He laughed. And he licked my second finger.

I lay there panting as he kissed his way down my body, paying special attention to my nipples, my belly button. Then he pushed my legs farther apart and began to slowly lick and kiss the inside of my thighs. I was breathing so hard, my chest was heaving and I thought my lungs would explode. He licked and kissed all around my pussy, carefully avoiding touching it. I thought, ‘God, why is he torturing me?’ I felt my hips begin to move up and down like they had a mind of their own. I was whimpering now, nearly crying. 

“What do you want me to do?” he asked. 

“Please. . .” I whispered. 

“Please what?” he said. “Say it for me. What do you want me to do?”

“I want you to eat my pussy.” I whispered.

“I know.” He said, smiling. And he began to lick and suck my pussy eagerly. 

Oh god, it felt so good. I didn’t want him to ever stop. He seemed to be able to sense when I was about to cum and he’d stop for a moment, just until I calmed down a bit, then start again. This went on and on for what seemed like hours. He seemed to really love doing it, and that made it all the more exciting. He slurped hungrily. My hips, still with a mind of their own, were humping up and down. I moaned and cried out, grabbing and pulling at the sheets. Orgasm was close again. He slowed the movement of his tongue. I knew he was going to stop again, but I couldn’t take it any more. 

“No, please, don’t stop!” I begged.

He kept licking and sucking. His tongue darted in and out of me and he sucked my clit gently. I called out his name again. My whole body tensed as another wave swept over me and I nearly screamed. He held on to my hips and kept sucking softly until I began to relax again.

He kissed and licked his way back up my body. When he was lying on top of me, he kissed me, passionate, penetrating. I could taste my pussy on his lips and tongue. I licked his lips, trying to lap up all of my own juices. It was like an aphrodisiac (as if we needed one at this point!)

“You like the way it tastes.” He said, smiling. I nodded silently. 

“Let me get some more for you.” He said as he moved back down my body and thrust his greedy tongue into my pussy again. He licked and sucked for a long time while I writhed in sweet agony, crying out “oh god, oh god. . .”

He stopped and lay down on top of me again. He pushed his hot tongue into my mouth and I greedily sucked at it. 

“That’s it. Lick up that sweet juice, baby, suck it all off my tongue.” He moaned. And when he pushed his tongue back into my mouth, I came again.

“Please, baby, fuck me now!” I pleaded.

“Remember what I said?” he asked. “I fucked you last night. Tonight, I’m making love to you.”

“Yes, please, make love to me right now! Please! I need you inside me so bad! Please. . .” I was begging now and I didn’t care. I just needed it so badly. I would have done anything he wanted.

He pushed his hard cock into me so slowly, centimeter by centimeter. When the entire length was inside me, even before he began to move, I came again. I pulled my legs up and grabbed his ass, holding him tightly inside me, squeezing his cock with my pussy and grinding against him, barely breathing, feeling only my orgasm. After it passed, he laid very still, his cock still hard inside me and just kissed me. His tongue searched every corner of my mouth. I sucked it gently and circled it with my tongue. 

“Whose pussy is this?” he asked. 

“It’s yours.” I said softly. “It belongs to you.”

He looked at me for a moment, searching my eyes. Could he possibly need any more convincing at this point? “Whose sweet juicy pussy is this?” he asked.

“It’s yours.” I whispered.  I could feel tears filling my eyes and I tried to hold them back, but there was no holding anything back now. “It’s your pussy. It belongs only to you. It’s so wet, so hot -  for you. Please take it. Please take it now!”

He wiped the tears off my cheeks gently. “Yes, it’s all mine. This is my pussy.” He said as he began to stroke me slowly. “Open it up for me, baby. Give it all to me.”

I spread my legs as wide as I could for him and met his every stroke, squeezing him inside me. Our bodies moved in perfect rhythm together. I suddenly realized what a perfect fit our bodies seemed to be. How perfectly he fit inside me. Like finding the missing piece of a jigsaw puzzle that completes the picture. We made love slowly, passionately, for hours before finally cumming together just as the first rays of sunshine began to peak through the blinds at the window. 

We called in sick and slept there together the rest of the day.