 (My first submission. All comments are appreciated. All errors are my own and will work to improve going forward with other stories.) 

*

"Quim."

I shook my head to clear my auditory hallucination. I had clearly heard a female voice say 'quim', but couldn't figure where it had come from.

The chair across the table slid back and a woman slid into the vacant seat. "Quim," she started, "it's such an underrated word and far more attractive than pussy, twat, or cunt."

I stared at her, mouth agape. Slowly I got my wits back. "How about vagina?"

"Much too clinical. I would never get turned on saying, 'Eat my vagina.'"

I tried to place her accent, but had no luck. A trace of British, some French inflections, and some possible German tones. Her English was perfect, just highly unusual.

"You'll never place my accent," she said, obviously reading my mind. "My father was a career diplomat, so I grew up all over the world. As a result, I have at least eight different accents working at any one time."

I looked at her across the table and took a long sip of my coffee. I was enthralled with her eyes, which were a pale shade of gray I had never encountered before. I had noticed her when she walked into the shop earlier, as had every other red-blooded male within eyesight. The coffee shop was right down the block from my apartment, and I had spent many lazy afternoons there over the last few years.

She had strutted in wearing a sleek, tight sweater dress and knee high black boots. The dress clung closely to her curves, stretching across her incredible ass and hugging the swell of each perfect breast. It reached around mid-thigh and was tantalizing. The tight material made it clear she was not wearing a bra. Her blonde hair was cut in a severe bob a little above her shoulders, framing her vaguely Nordic features perfectly.

After getting her coffee, she had sat a few tables away, facing towards me. During a particularly slow leg cross, I had quickly discovered she was not wearing panties and stared a bit too long at the sight of her clean shaven pussy. I try to not be an ogler of women, but the unexpected sight of a gorgeous naked pussy caused me to be a touch obvious. I had quickly put my face back on the screen of my Kindle and avoided looking in her direction.

"When I saw you looking, I was delighted. I thought to myself how sexy it was that you were looking at my pussy, when I realized it sounded much hotter to think you were looking at my quim."

"You caught me," I laughed, thrilled at her delightfully dirty mouth. I didn't mean to stare, but your....err...quim was right there in front of me."

"I know it is terribly naughty of me to not wear knickers, but it's wonderful to be so free. Having a handsome man take notice makes the naughtiness well worth the effort."

"I'm Mike," I said, extending my hand.

"Penny," she said, taking my hand. "Penelope, really, but I hate that dreadful name. Nice to meet you, Mike."

We made the requisite small talk for a while and I discovered she was a free-lance art dealer based in London. She travelled extensively for her work, and liked to walk the cities to discover new places like my coffee shop. I confessed I was a trust-fund baby and mostly did nothing.

"What are your plans for the afternoon?" she asked.

"Finish my coffee and go back to my apartment," I responded, heart beating faster at what I hoped was coming next.

"How would you like me to join you so you can get better acquainted with my quim?" she asked with a wicked grin.

I almost spit out my coffee, but hastily agreed once I swallowed.

"You must think I'm a terrible slut picking you up this way", she said as we walked the short distance to my building. "I find it so much easier to get what I want by being direct."

"Not at all," I assured her. "I was hoping you didn't think less of me for agreeing so quickly."

She laughed as I opened the door and led in her inside. "All men are sluts, darling. Ohh, I love this place!"

I took pride in my apartment and knew it was decorated impeccably. Grandma's money came in very handy for living the way I wanted. She briefly wandered the living room, commenting on some of my artwork.

"Would you like a drink?" I asked.

"Sure. Gin and tonic?"

I walked into the kitchen area and mixed the drinks. I carried them back and almost dropped them as I walked in to the living space. She had her back to me and was skimming her dress over her head, exposing the most perfect, round ass I had ever seen. I stared, nearly not noticing as she turned to face me. I had an image burned on my retina of her smooth, sleek back, complete with dimples above her glorious ass. The image quickly cleared when I realized the front side was every bit as beautiful as the back.

While her braless state left little to imagination in the dress, the bare view was simply intoxicating. Simply put, she had the most perfect breasts I had ever seen in real life or via photos. A solid C-cup, they were a perfect teardrop shape, with dusky, half-dollar sized areola capped by erect nipples. Her areolas were a few shades darker than her skin, which set them off perfectly. Her stomach was defined, but looked yielding and invited kisses and nibbles. I had seen her bare pussy in the shop, but was still enthralled with the smooth skin.

"Lasered," she said, again reading my mind. "One question I should have asked before I was standing here naked in your apartment....is there a wife or girlfriend I should worry about that might come through the door?"

I laughed. My mind quickly flashed to Melody, my adorably cute hipster friend with benefits from the building across the street, but knew she was not the type to drop by unexpectedly. We had a strict booty-text only relationship. "No, no girlfriend, fiancé, or wife."

"Do you like my body?" she asked, running her hands over her hips and up her body to gently cup her breasts.

"You are gorgeous. Easily the best body I have ever seen."

"No need to flatter....I'm naked and have every intention of fucking you."

"It's not flattery, just the truth." I moved across the room and pulled her close, pulling her body close to mine as my hand roamed the smooth expanse of her back before gently cupping one bare cheek in my hand. I leaned in and kissed her, our mouths opening and tongues exploring slowly before building with intensity.

"Wow! You are a great kisser," she said, "but you definitely have too many clothes on." She pulled my shirt over my head and stood back to look at me. "Very nice and in shape."

"Rock climbing. Real rocks, not climbing walls."

She unbuttoned my pants and unzipped them with agonizing slowness. She reached her manicured hand inside and slid down. "A man after my own heart," she said when she discovered I was commando. Her hand grasped my cock, lightly gripping and stroking the entire length. "Thick and long, just like I like."

She pushed my pants down over my hips and I stepped out of them and kicked them aside. She stroked me for a short time before slowly sinking to her knees in front of me. She slowly licked the head before taking my shaft in her mouth. She sucked for half a minute before stopping. "Just a little sample for now."

She turned and strutted towards the bedroom, head and shoulders held high, ass bouncing just so. I would have followed her across three states just to watch her ass move. Once in the bedroom, we stretched across the bed and kissed more. I let my hands wander the landscape of her body, feeling every inch of her beautiful flesh. Her breasts felt even better then they looked, having a weight and give belied by their perky appearance. I bent to her tips, sucking the tender flesh of her nipples and feeling them stiffen under my tongue.

"Harder!" she commanded.

I sucked and nibbled harder, listening for her gasps and changes in breathing to guide me as I tormented her breasts. I squeezed her breasts forcefully as I worked the nipples with my lips, tongue, and teeth, and she started trembling. In an instant, she came. Hard. I had never made a woman come just by playing with her breasts, but I loved the experience.

"Oh, fuck! That was incredible. I have never come like that before. Of course, I have never had a man or woman who could keep me that aroused before, either."

I moved down, peppering her stomach with kisses and nibbles as I worked my way between her smooth thighs. Ever since the coffee shop, I had wanted to taste her pussy, and here with the chance before me, I was going to make sure I did it right. I placed kisses along either side of her slit, teasing her while I breathed in the intoxicating scent of her arousal. I could see the moisture building as I teased, and knew I could hold off no longer. I dipped my tongue inside her, tasting her sweet juices. She gasped, pulling my head closer as I extended my tongue inside her as deep as I could. 

I French kissed her quim, getting more aggressive as I went. She was breathing hard and trembling, and I knew she was close. I had rarely seen a woman come with no clitoral stimulation, but knew she could. I continued eating her tender flesh until she came, then moved up and took her clit in my mouth. She finished one orgasm then fell directly into the next. I didn't stop until I had wrung two more from her.

"My lord! I have come five times already! I am such a slut!" she cried, holding her face in her hands. "I came here to seduce you, but I think I am being taught a few things."

I stretched back on the bed, giving her a clear signal. She took it, moving between my thighs and taking my balls in her hand. She licked and sucked, making sure each had the appropriate attention. She licked her way up the shaft and took the head of my cock in her mouth. I didn't think I could get any harder, but I did, growing as she expertly sucked my cock.

I wanted to come, but I suppressed the urge and pulled her up. I kissed her deeply and moved between her thighs, feeling the tip of my cock slip inside the folds of her dripping pussy. I looked her in the eyes as I slid forward. She pushed her hips up, meeting my thrust, and my cock slid deep inside her wetness. I final thrust and I was imbedded fully, pressing against her cervix.

"Fuck me," she moaned. "Fuck me now."

I thrust in with long, deep strokes, feeling her writhe beneath me. I kept the long strokes going as she rubbed her clit between us, exploding in an intense orgasm. I rolled and put her on top, watching as the roles were reversed and she began fucking me. She was incredible, pulling off to the point where I thought I would pop out, and then sliding back down, milking every last inch of my cock. I had her turn around so I could see her ride me reverse cowgirl. This was a spectacular view as her ass clenched as she took me fully inside before sliding up. The sight of my cock disappearing inside her beautiful pussy was one I would never forget.

After a few minutes, she came again, and we switched positions once again. This time, I had her place her ass high in the air, with her face against the bed. I moved behind her and slid deep inside her in one long thrust. I gripped her hips and pulled her ass against me, burying myself as deep as I could. I let my cock quiver as I held her in place, twitching it against her walls with muscle control. She started rubbing her clit as I fucked her, and within moments came once again. I was familiar with multi-orgasmic women, but she took the cake for her ease of coming. 

When she recovered, she looked back over her shoulder at me. "Would you think me terribly wanton if I asked you to put your gorgeous cock in my arse?"

I reached into the drawer beside my bed and retrieved the bottle of lube I kept handy. I liberally applied the lube to my cock and used my fingers to gently lubricate her ass. I pushed slowly until the head popped in her ass, then began to slide deep inside. When I was fully inside her tight hole, I let her grow accustomed to my cock.

"Yes! Now fuck my arse!"

I stroked in and out, feeling as she pushed back against my intrusion. "Harder!" I thrust harder, feeling my balls smack against her pussy as I drilled in and out of her tight ass. "Fuck me harder!" she cried.

I thrust forward deep and hard, pulling her hips at the same time. Again and again I slammed deep into her ass as she moaned beneath me. She was not satisfied, slamming her ass against me as I thrust into her. "Oh, yes," she yelled, "fuck me like a little whore. Come in my arse!"

I fucked her as hard as I could, feeling her soft ass each time I rammed forward. I was nearing the edge, and just as I was about to come, she let out a long moan and began to come. I let go, reaching my own orgasm as I filled her with rope after rope of thick come. I didn't stop until my cock began to soften, and then pulled out of her ass with a wet sound. She sank face down on the bed, moaning softly. I collapsed beside her, looking at her beautiful face in awe.

"That was incredible! I need a shower now."

We took a long shower together, laughing and soaping each other fully. I sat on the counter and watched as she did her hair and makeup. She slipped her dress over her head and gave me a quick kiss. 

"I have a terribly boring business dinner with some clients, but would not be opposed for a second round later. What do you think?"

"I think I could be persuaded." I walked her downstairs and hailed a cab, kissing her before she stepped inside. I was walking back upstairs when I received a text. It was from Melody. "She was beautiful....too wore out for some fun later?"

I laughed, wondering how I was going to explain to Melody my night was occupied.