 Having completed my preparations, I listen as you come through the kitchen door. I say nothing as you call out my name. I wait.

You walk into the bedroom and see me standing in the middle of the room. With my back to you, you walk to me and kiss the back of my neck. My eyes close and a soft moan escapes my lips. Your hand reaches for my chin. I turn to you as you kiss me passionately. 

"You didn't wait up for me, did you?" All I do in return is smile. I see your eyes trail over my robe. 

"What are we hiding, darling?" A daring grin crosses your lips. As I don't answer, you turn away from me and head for the closet. I walk across the room and turn in your direction. 

You notice something is unusual. After slipping your shirt off, you come to me with your arms out. Your arms wrap around me in a tight embrace. I love feeling the strength of your body over mine! You pull me to the edge of the bed. I stop, however, when you try to pull me down. I, in turn, take two steps back. "What are you..." I stop you with a finger over your lips. Standing there in front of you, I let my robe drop to the floor. Your eyes widen and your mouth falls open at the site in front of you. 

Dressed in the black dress you bought me, I make a full turn, letting your eyes feast on me. You're surprised how well it fits me. Even more so because I told you I would never wear it. It fits tightly, hugging my every curve. Only my breasts are covered. The skirt just barely covers my ass. You have a clear view of my cleanly shaven pussy. I feel your eyes look me up and down. 

"You look so sexy and beautiful in that dress, baby!" I smile at your compliment. I walk towards you and kiss you once. "I have another surprise for you, darling" I say, with a wicked smile. I turn the lights off and your eyes immediately notice the lit candles that I placed around the room. 

You are sitting on the foot of the bed. Moving between your legs, I begin a slow seductive dance. I rub my entire body against yours. As I slide against your body, lowering myself to the floor, my arms reach up and glide over your body. I run my nails over your legs and rub my ass against your covered cock. I walk away and seductive unzip the dress. I slowly slide it down over my curved body, letting it drop to the floor. 

I dance my way back between your legs. Not letting you touch me, I jiggle my breasts in your face. I straddle you and rock against your cock. I bend down backwards arching my back, pressing my pussy against your covered cock and jutting my breasts in the air, continuing to dance. I dance my way off your lap and bend forward, pressing my head against your crotch. I thrash my head against your crotch; your cock stiffens to a marble hardness.

I continue to bend and go into a handstand. Doing this puts my pussy right in your face. I stay there, moving enough to give you a deliciously tempting whiff of my pussy. The smell of strawberries is very strong and hits your senses with force. Before you have time to taste my hot wet pussy, I'm back on my feet. You try getting up but I stop you. 

I push on your chest and lay you back on the bed. I unbuckle your pants with my teeth and slide both pants and boxers down your legs and to the floor. "Lay at the head of the bed," I order. You quickly obey. 

I walk to the foot of the bed. Trying hard not to touch you, I crawl between your legs as I make my way up the bed. I straddle you careful. I run my hands out over your arms to your hands, bringing them up above your head. I kiss you passionately with need, distracting you as I tie your hands to the posts of the bed. Moving quickly to the foot of the bed, I tie your legs down too. You look at me confused. Your facial expressions change to sheer curiosity. I look at you with an evil grin. 

"You're going to regret leaving me here alone all those nights you had to work late," I taunt you. With that I leave you for a moment. Soon, I'm back with a glass and a bag. I put them on the floor at the foot of the bed. I take out a soft, black blindfold. You're not going to see what I'm doing, but feel everything. With that I blindfold you. 

I see your body shiver. You feel me get on the bed. The first thing I do is lick every inch of your body, starting with your toes. I kiss and lick each one. I take each toe into my mouth, sucking hard on them. I move up your legs, kissing, licking, and teasing your skin. Your moans grow lower, almost to howls and growls. Hearing your passion rise with fury drives me crazy. I have to be patient and try to control myself to finish what I have in store for you. 

I quickly go to the edge of the bed and get the glass I brought in. Stopping at your inner thighs, I bite down - Hard. You jump, but moan in total pleasure. Taking my mouth away only for a second, I lick the area I just bit. You feel the ice in my mouth and shiver violently. I work on your inner thighs. Teasing you with ice and biting you periodically. I ignore your cock. Trying very hard not to touch you, I bring my lips down over your side at the top of your hip. Knowing how sensitive this spot is I take a firm bite. Your moans quickly turn into a growl followed by a long howl. I use my left hand to press down on the same spot on the left side of your body. I feel you tremble and shake under my touch. 

I continue my assault up to your nipples. Slowly, I rub a piece of ice on the outside of your nipple, getting it nice and hard. The cold causes you to be extremely sensitive. I flick my tongue over one nipple and use a fingernail to flick over the other nipple. I use the edge of the ice cube and trace the tip of your nipples with it. You strain against the material holding you down. You know the material is soft. I know if you were to muster all your strength you could easily get free, but I keep that little secret to myself. 

After letting the ice melt completely, I bite down on your nipples. You pull hard trying to get loose. You plead with me to stop teasing you. As I bite down on one of your nipples I immediately pinch the other. This sends you into a frenzy of moans and jerks. I move my lips up to your neck, licking and lightly sucking on your neck. I kiss my way to your lips. I feel you strain against your bindings. You so wish to put your hands in my hair. I shove my tongue in your mouth and you suck on it, pulling it deep into your mouth. Needing a lot more, I break the kiss and whisper in your ear that I'm not done yet. 

You moan loudly and hiss at me. Telling me that you are going to get free and pin me to the bed. That you are going to fuck me raw if I continue this torture. I continue my assault on your body, going from your nipples back down to your feet. You are furiously turned on now. Your cock is rock hard and throbbing. I move back up between your legs and bite your inner thighs. 

You plead with me to suck your cock. Your entire body is trembling and aching with need. My tongue ever so lightly touches your ball sac and you gasp. Your breath so ragged. Your chest heaving. You hiss at me with fury, lust, and need. I lick your ball sac with fury and speed. I suck each one into my mouth. You tremble violently. I hear you tell me to fuck you hard and fast. To mount you and fuck you like never before. I spend minutes on your balls. Licking every inch and sucking on your balls. You are desperately in need of release but more than that you want to feel me against your body. You want to be inside me, fucking me oh so hard.

When I am done with your balls, I move my tongue up to the base of your shaft. I slowly lick my way to the head of your cock, teasing the head with my tongue. You growl loudly at me. I hear you order me to take your cock in my mouth. Your orders turn to pleas. You jerk and raise your ass in the air, shoving the head of your cock further in my mouth. My tongue swirls around the head of your cock, teasing you badly. I bring my lips up to the tip of the head. You moan. You try to buck your hips further up. 

Without warning, I shove your cock deep into my mouth until I feel your trimmed pubic hairs. My tongue massages the side of your cock as I slowly slide you in and out of my mouth. Your moaning escalates. You sigh in deep pleasure as your cock now rests in my warm wet mouth. I begin pumping up and down your cock, sliding it down into my throat each time. After all the teasing and torturing, I know you will not last long. 

As your moans turns to growls, I work faster and harder on your cock, not stopping for a second. I come all the way up to the tip of your cock then back down with force. You grunt and then begin to howl. I feel your balls tighten. One final thrust down on your cock and your cum explodes deep in my throat. You scream out in sheer pleasure. I hold you deep in my throat, swallowing all of your wonderful cum; not wasting any of it. Your body shakes violently. I begin bobbing my head up and down again. Sucking you dry.

As you calm down, I untie your legs. You lay still. I walk around and take the blindfold off. Your eyes quickly adjust to the lighting and glare at me lustfully. Your eyes tell me what you will do to me if you ever get loose. I give you a very very evil grin. 

You narrow your eyes at me and simply say, "Don't grin, it will soon be your turn."

I giggle softly. "You are tied up right now. I see no danger here."

I then straddle you, keeping one hand behind my back. "What do you have?" you ask in a rigid breathe. I give you another wicked grin. 

I bring a small leather paddle into your view. That is all it takes. In one swift movement, you free yourself of your bonds and pin me on my back. I attempt to keep the paddle out of your reach. You lean down to my nipple. Without warning, you bite down hard. Screaming out in pleasure and pain, I am so distracted you are able to take the paddle from my hand and glare at me with a very wicked grin on your face.