 Not too many of these stories are true, however, this IS a true story of what happened to me last summer...with my next door neighbor, Christine.

It all started about 35 years ago, in junior high school. That’s right, my first “puppy love." Christine A. I couldn’t forget her...black shoes, white socks, plaid skirt, white blouse, sweater, short blond hair, baby blue eyes, and a pretty smile even with braces.

Do YOU remember your first “puppy love”?

I remember my first erection. She caused it, and I never figured out what was going on. I do remember my first love...Christine.

Life flew by and then it all changed last summer. My new neighbor was Christine. I was dumbfounded...she had changed. She was now a gorgeous woman of 35. She was tall, about 6’1," pretty short blond hair, wrapped around her face, bedroom blue seducing eyes, pretty even white teeth.

But, her beauty transcended to her body. Christine had soft shoulders, nice firm tits which filled up her bra, and even bulged out of it. (as I noticed on many occasions that summer) To compliment this body, she always wore tight shorts, which outlined her cunt and ass...a real tease and attention getter. You know the type, a cock tease, but a very subtle type.

As good neighbors, we occasionally chatted. Then, one night, it happened. During a casual conversation, she mentioned to me her “special relaxation technique." She danced naked, all by herself. We all have them...sports, music, reading, etc. I thought dancing naked was cool indeed. My erection came back. She was arousing me...very innocently.

On several occasions, I remember music coming from her apartment. One hot July night last summer, things heated up. I heard a knock on my door, opened it up, and Christine was standing there, practically naked. She had on a tight flowered pattern bra (with purple flowers), and a tiny wrap-around skirt, with purple panties. She had black flats on her feet. I could see the outline of her cunt thru these clothes. She asked, “Peter, dance with me”?

I was slightly embarrassed at my sudden arousal, as she said “Come to my condo," which I did. The music was playing...sultry jazz, trumpets, saxaphones, snares-on-cymbols...I thought...dance to this?

Christine excused herself, saying “I am going to get comfortable...relax...I will be right down." I replied “Okay." Just then, the music changed to one of my favorite dance albums...”Salsa105..."and it was hot.

Five minutes later, Christine came down. I didn’t know what to do, but my cock did. She was wearing black panties, with a black bra...the kind that lets the nipple show. The bra had silver flowers delicately imprinted on the cups. She was wearing a black fishnet dress, from top to bottom, that clung to her body. She topped this outfit with black Cuban-heeled shoes. A “sweetheart of the rodeo," indeed. Letting me see what I wanted to, but not revealing too much. A real teasing effect. Which I liked. I was really embarrassed. She said, “Let’s dance."

As I stood up, my erection showed, but I thought the low lights wouldn’t reveal too much. Not only the bulge in my pants, but the pre-cum some men eject as a part of being aroused, was starting to make a small spot on my front. Women love to see this reaction.

We started dancing, and heating up. Hot music, hot July evening, hot sex, all coming soon. The two of us lightly touched, twirling around. I was flexing my knees, letting her under thighs rest on them. I got bold and cupped her tits from behind. She moaned in soft pleasure as she was becoming turned on.

After a couple of tunes, a sip of two of those Key West Margaritas, it was time. Christine said, “I brought you over here to dance naked with me...let’s do it”! She took her dress off, by sliding it down her firm body. I agreed and reached up to unhook her bra from behind. I slid my hands down to her tiny waist and, with my thumbs slid down her panties. I caressed her vagina from behind, feeling its wetness and her soft bush.

All during this time, we were dancing to this hot salsa music, swaying to and fro, listening to words we didn’t understand, but music we understood as erotic, sexy and groovy...my “puppy love." I couldn’t believe this was happening.

Christine turned around, naked as she was. She was still wearing those black Cuban heels. And yes, a string of pearls done up as a choker necklace. She was SO sexy...every man’s fantasy. “Let me take your shirt off," she said. I had on my Hawaiian shirt, the kind that are made for outrageous summer wear, revealing my hairy chest and broad shoulders. I have a tanned and firm upper torso from many hours of sailing.

I wasn’t expecting what came next. Christine unbuttoned my shirt and took it off. She then went down on her knees and did something I have never had done to me before. She unzipped my shorts with her teeth. As my shorts dropped, with her hands help, my cock stuck out, hard and thick for her viewing pleasure.

We shared another dance, stark naked, as she reached down and pulled my foreskin back...revealing my manhood and a full blown erection. The dancing continued, pretty tits swaying and bouncing, cock swinging, bouncing up and down...torch music heating us up. My favorite tune whispered “All I need." Christine moaned, “all I need, is for you to fuck me, my ‘puppy love’." I was stunned. That hit me between the eyes...she had felt the same way for me, way back in junior high...as I did for her.

At that point, I said, “Let’s fuck, like I wanted to in junior high," and we submitted to our sexual lusts. Two lovers brought back from time, to the present. She grabbed my cock and we went up her spiral staircase to her bedroom. The music had changed...soft muted trumpet “you go to my head..."piano playing softly, Satchmo singing his tune.

I couldn’t believe this was happening, saying to myself “get ahold of your self."

Reaching the top of the stairs, we quickly went into her bedroom. We went to the edge of the bed and she bent over. I went down on my knees and I gave her a rim job. Now, not too many ladies like to have their assholes tongued, but Christine was very cosmopolitan. She loved every second, moaning in ecstasy.

She turned around and said, “it’s your turn." A very sexy woman indeed. I bent over and her tongue was right up my asshole. To tease, her hair was stroking the inside of my ass cheeks. She was indeed a hot woman. Working her mouth around, she sucked my balls and gradually worked her mouth around to my cock. She was milking it almost to ejaculation, but not quite.

In the meantime, I was lightly squeezing her long nipples...not to hurt, but to arouse. She was moaning louder and louder, from sheer pleasure. I know I didn’t have to play with her cunt to get her going. I could see some sort of liquid coming down her inner thighs. Christine was quite adventurous. She had a dangling piece of jewelry from her pussy lips, resplendent with her birthstones.

We continued this erotic play for minutes, then she turned to me and said, “bang me, fuck me, shove that dick up my pussy hole and rape me” I said, “Okay, pussy, let’s fuck...after all these years, I want your sex...NOW”!

She turned around and bent over the bed. We were the right heights for this position. I wanted to use a rubber (a high school thing) but she told me she was okay. I COULD GO BAREBACK, if I wanted to. No danger existed. I started pounding her. We were both humping each other. We could watch ourselves in the mirror headboard of her bed.

As I looked into the mirror we were two attractive people, tanned, and well built for each other. Her jugs hanging down and swaying around became a visual treat for me, and kept me hard. We were really banging away. Screaming in ecstasy, she was saying “fuck my cunt you fucking bastard...shove that thing in my hole and rape me." I responded with “take this, you fucking cunt...I am going to shove it in you until you cum like a hot bitch in heat...take it, you cunt, take it, take it," as I went faster and harder.

After a few minutes of hard fucking, it was that time. I groaned, “Christine, I’m going to shoot my load...for you." She said, “Wait, I have a treat for you," and turned around and sat on the edge of the bed. My cock was pulled right out of her. Christine whispered, “shoot it on me, give me your hot milky white cum, baby."

At that precise moment, a little cool breeze blew in the window. I finished by jerking off, and shot my load on her face, which she absolutely loved. I could see by the look in her half-closed eyes. My cum was on her cheeks, her lips, and pooling on her tongue, as she kept swallowing over and over again.

We then both collapsed...exhausted lovers, “high school puppy loves," wrapped up as adults, in each other’s arms. We spent that cool summer evening under the covers, swirling music in our brains, cool margaritas dancing along. Kissing and sharing the milky white love.

Addendum...This girl, in fact, was my first “puppy love” in junior high school, here in Connecticut. I will never forget her. We only shared one other interlude, before she moved out of the complex and went to Florida. But, it IS a true story.