 We met on the Literotica site.

I had read a few stories on the site, finding some that were mildly entertaining, and many that were... well, not. I kept browsing through the 'Romance' and 'Erotic Couplings' sections from time to time, and one day there it was. 

I couldn't believe it! A story that was well-written, and incredibly sexy... and read as though it had been written for me! One problem-- it was written from a woman's point of view. Oh, well. I looked up the Bio just to see who it was that was so like-minded and, SURPRISE, it was actually written by a guy! I sat there stunned....hmmmm, a guy, huh? He's pretty sensitive to a woman's needs...

Questions...questions...wheels turning.

He had written another story. "O.K., he'll blow it in the next story-- this guy can't really be this great". Nope. The next story was just as good, just as sexy, just as sensitive. Damn.

"But, but, I've never written to a guy on the internet! He's probably some geeky weirdo... that writes really well, and is really sensuous, and... Oh just write the guy! Compliment him on his writing and that will be the end of it".

Or not.

That was how it started.

The emails started racing back and forth, getting sexier and SEXIER. 

Sometimes we would write back and forth five or six times a day! I would get wet just seeing 'you've got new mail' flashing on my computer. I had never been so aroused by anyone in my life!! 

It was as if this guy were MADE for me, knew EXACTLY what to say and do to take me to the most earth-shattering orgasms I'd ever experienced. We described for each other in minute detail what we were doing to each other, where we were doing it, how hard, how long, what it felt like....mmmmmmmm...A writer's knack for detail can be so yummy! 

After a while it was so real that I could actually feel his lips on my neck, the fingers of one hand stroking and teasing my nipples, as the other massaged my clitoris over and over--driving me insane with desire! I could actually feel his erection growing against my butt so I would just lean my head on his shoulder, arch my back and press my body against his. He lets his hard, wet, magnificent erection slip between my legs, rubbing the shaft of his penis back and forth over my vagina and clitoris as he moves both hands up now to massage my nipples, caress my stomach, my breasts, my nipples my nipples my nipples--oh, sorry, got carried away for a moment. I reach up with my left hand to caress his neck and face as we begin to kiss and KISS....God, can this guy kiss! With my right hand I am stroking the silky head of his penis. I run the palm of my hand through the pre-come and massage it all over the throbbing head, around the ridge, across the opening again.... We're moaning against each other's mouths, our bodies writhing against each other, slowly arousing and caressing and stroking and biting and licking each other for about a year until we can't stand it anymore! 

O.K., where's the bed? WHERE'S THE BED? Oh... there it is...almost forgot to imagine it. So as I was saying... We can't stand it anymore so I lean forward and put my hands on the bed as I rock my hips backward against him. "Oh, God you feel SO good, I have to have you inside me!" "We'll get there", he says. "I promise". He leans forward and kisses my neck and then licks and kisses his way down my spine as I shiver and writhe against him. He runs his hands over my butt and down the outsides of my thighs in deep massaging strokes, then moves his hands to the insides of my thighs and I gasp as he reaches that sensitive skin, you know...right at the top of the thighs? Ummmm! I almost have my first orgasm just from his thumbs grazing the lips of my vagina. I'm so sensitive now that every nerve ending seems to be exposed-- but in a really really good way. I reach back and grab his butt and press him into me, we moan. He pushes my legs farther apart and positions the head of his penis at the mouth of my vagina then rubs it against my clitoris, back and forth until I feel faint, and we're both making the most wonderful sounds. We love to tease each other and draw each feeling out to its maximum intensity. 

When I feel like my vagina is about to disengage from my body, knock him down and leap onto his penis, he places the head of his erection against my vagina again. I almost scream! I almost faint! Control now, control. He pushes into me just an inch and I love feeling my vagina stretch around him! This sexy sexy guy is also HUGE! I reach down and run my hand through the moisture that's pouring out of me and massage it over the thick hard shaft of his penis. I can't help tracing the veins, the line on the underside. He sucks in his breath and pushes in another inch and stops. This feels so good, so GOOD! Another inch. Stop. Gasps and moans and more gasps all around! Now back and forth slowly, in and out just those few inches...uummmmm, then another inch, two more. He stops and holds, throbbing inside me now. Then in and out again, just to the depth he's reached so far. Oh, God, I'm going to explode, burst into a thousand stars or flames or something really intense!!! 

Wait! Not yet, not yet. He slowly, excruciatingly, agonizingly, amazingly, WONDERFULLY SLOWLY pushes the rest of the way into me and we both scream. He holds my hips and we just rock in tiny movements against each other. I push harder against him and he thrusts even deeper into me until I feel the head of his penis pressing hard against my cervix. Our breathing is ragged. I have never felt so filled up in my life! My vagina is conforming to every ridge, every contour of his erection as I contract around him. Over and over. We just keep rocking very gently, so sensually against each other, as he stays deep inside me. Every inch of him sliding against every inch of me, so tight! 

Barely moving at all, just enough to keep a constant friction between us as we gasp and spasm, trying to hold on as long as we can. I grab his ass and pull him even tighter against me and he wraps his arms completely around me and pushes even deeper into me, so tight, so hard! So focused and in tune with each other that we feel like we've blended into one being. Then it happens. A BLINDING ORGASM! We scream and gasp and spasm against each other-- still holding each other, inside and out. I'm squeezing down around him and he's throbbing inside of me as we erupt into wave after wave of all-encompassing pleasure. Every time we think it's going to end, we make the slightest movement and it starts all over. Exploding! White Hot Energy running up my spine and crashing through my brain! My legs are trembling, I feel like I'm going to faint, I can't breathe. I'm making some kind of sound I've never heard myself make before and Oh, please PLEASE don't let this feeling ever end!! 

And it doesn't. Not for a long long LONG time. This guy can bring me to some kind of orgasmic plateau that just lasts and lasts. And we've never even met! Sounds unbelievable, doesn't it?

BELIEVE IT! (...and that was only the first position)

Well, as you might imagine, pretty soon writing wasn't enough and we started talking on the phone. For hours.

But that's another story...