 He had watched her in the mirror as she walked in. She was as beautiful as ever and her outfit was stunning. He knew right away the time he took to pick it out was well spent. 

She stood behind him for a minute wondering what to do, her heart racing. Should she speak his name -- Maybe a simple tap on his shoulder? He looked up from the bar and their eyes met in the mirror. His heart was pounding with excitement but he hesitated for a second to turn around. His eyes were a little watery so he blinked hard trying to clear them before he finally spun his barstool around. 

That moment was the one they both had been waiting too long for. He held her tight without saying a word. Her body felt great pressed against his, exactly as he remembered. He didn't want to let go, but there was so much catching up to do. Ever so close, he stared deep into her eyes without saying a word. Finally, looking up at him with beautiful green eyes, she smiled, ducked her head just a little and whispered "Hi." He had missed her touch, the smell of her skin. She sat down and he stared in disbelief at how incredible she looked. Words could not do her justice, but yet he whispered in her ear "You look phenomenal." It was then he realized, regardless of the time and care spent picking her outfit, the clothes were nothing without her. 

They had not seen each other in a while, so they were both a little nervous at first. That subsided rather quickly, and within minutes they were right back where they had left off. "I am so glad you came," he said as he looked in her eyes. "I wouldn't have missed it for the world" was her reply. He kissed her as she had not been kissed in a while. Their tongues explored each other's mouths in a burst of passion. She put her hand on his, moved it to her thigh, and spread her legs a little. "Feel that?" she asked, "I have missed you." "Well, I guess you have," he whispered as he rubbed the inside of her moist thigh. 

He knew from their previous experiences she had a passion like no other. He had figured the ride to the club would get her excited, but not like this. She grabbed him by the hand and started to walk the club. She led him to the back where they have a V.I.P. room. Little did she know, he had picked this club just for this reason. There was a man wearing a tuxedo at the door to the room. He unhooked the red velvet rope, stepped aside and said "Good evening Ms. Tremont, we hope you enjoy your time at the club." He hooked the rope behind them as they entered the room. 

The room was dimly lit, but she could see the room was very elegant, yet erotic in its decor. Most of the furnishings were from the Victorian era, and he likened the curves on the fainting couch to the curves on her body. Around the perimeter of the room, on three walls, were private areas, not unlike an oversized restaurant booth. The fourth wall was a big mirror with four or five couches strategically placed in close proximity. She immediately led him to a private area and sat down beside him.......... 

She kissed him hard and let her tongue intertwine with his. She moved to his neck and as she placed her hand on his cock she whispered, "I need you right now. I have been waiting for something like this for a long time." He was growing hard instantly as she started to unfasten his belt. She moved on her knees as she freed his cock from his pants. She took him in her mouth and started to suck on his shaft. She licked around the head and looked him in the eyes. The heat of her mouth on him was a sensation he had not felt in while. 

She was engrossed in sucking his cock and hadn't noticed the couple that had moved to the couch just across from them so they could watch. He looked at the couple and noticed the woman was giving her partner head as well. After sucking on him for a while, she moved up to kiss him. As she did, she took his hand and put it up her skirt. "I would love your cock in there," she whispered as she stared in his eyes. She wiggled his pants down to his ankles and lifted her skirt so she could straddle him. She was tight, as always, and very well lubricated, as always. It took a few seconds for him to penetrate her, working his raging hard-on into her pussy ever so slowly. By the time he was deep inside her, she was on the brink of an orgasm. He grabbed her shoulders, pulled her down on his cock, and held her tight. She shuddered in ecstasy as she had her first, of several, mind-shattering orgasms of the night. 

She kissed his neck and he turned his head to look at the other couple. The woman was straddling her man as well, head back, moaning loudly. "Look at that couple on the couch, they're doing everything we do," he whispered in her ear. With that, she got up, spun around, and sat back down on his cock. He reached around and started to rub her clit as she glided up and down on his cock. He put his hand up her shirt and started to play with her rock hard nipples. She immediately took her shirt off and exposed her beautiful body. "Is that better?" she asked. He didn't need to answer. 

Turning around to look at him, she told him," I want you to bend me over that chair and take me from behind." She bent over the wood and red velvet chair, and when he entered her, she let out a little moan of pleasure. Grabbing her by the hips, he thrust his cock deep inside her with a deliberate rhythm. Her hands on the chair, she pushed back against his cock to get him ever deeper. He moved one hand to her breast and started to fondle it again. This put her over the edge. For the second time of the evening, she started to let out small moans of pleasure. As she starts to cum, he grabs her shoulder and pulls her hard onto his cock once again, because he knows she likes it deep. She starts to shake and her knees get a little weak. She looks up and sees the other woman bent over the couch, her partner fucking her from behind and she smiles. 

Since her knees are weak, she turns around and sits in the chair with her legs spread wide. "Come over here and suck on my clit," she says. Without hesitation, he is on his knees with his mouth on her. He licks on her swollen clit for what seems like an eternity for he just can't get enough of her. Her taste is so sweet he doesn't ever want to stop. She pushes his head away and starts to get up. He stops her and picks the chair up, with her still in it. He places the back legs just far enough from the wall to lean her back. Once again, he is inside her. He stands still and rocks the chair back and forth on his cock. Her pussy is so wet she has the chair soaked. He rocks her on his cock until he can't control himself any more. She knows he is close so she pulls him out of her and sets the chair back down on all fours. She strokes his cock and begins to lick her juices as she takes him in her mouth. It doesn't take much to make him come. He starts to tremble and his legs tighten. He lets her know he about ready, but she doesn't stop. His come explodes into her mouth as she sucks him and she just keeps on pumping his shaft. She doesn't spill a drop as his body jerks for the final time. They smile without saying a word, get dressed, and head out the door for the waiting limo. 

On the way to the door, they notice the other couples -- some very hot, some very average -- naked and intertwined as they had been just minutes before. Hand in hand, they exit the club into the cool night air. They breathe deep as if to refresh themselves. The car awaits with the driver standing with an open door. He leads her into the car and sits down beside her. He tells the driver "Take us to my hotel." 

He knows she should shower before she goes home and it is getting late. In the car, she turns to face him and lay across his lap. The fill the silence of the car ride talking about everything that has been going in their lives since they last saw each other – it had been too long. They both feel comfortable with the situation they are in, and as odd as it sounds, although it may be wrong, it feels so right. 

At the hotel, they enter the elevator. Her heart is pounding just like it was the first time she went to his room. It always happens. They stop at the 18th floor, and walk down the hall to his room. When he opens the door, she is impressed with the decor and smiles when she sees the floor to ceiling windows. He had remembered how she much likes them. 

She glances at the clock and quickly does the math in her head. The shower, the ride back, the drive home-is there time? An all too familiar wetness stirs under her skirt. He is oblivious to her thoughts as he lies on the bed, secretly wishing they could continue what had started earlier this evening but knowing she must get home. She turns on the shower, removes her blouse and slides her skirt down over her shoes. Nude except for her thigh-highs and shoes, she looks in the full-length mirror to check her appearance. "No way can he resist this," she said to herself as she turned to check how she looked in another position. 

Shower still going, out of the bathroom, she walked to the edge of the bed. Without saying a word, she put one foot on the bed, spread her legs a bit and motioned him over with just one finger. She had been denied before in situation like this, so she knew better than to ask. Sometimes he is just too damned level headed. As he scooted across the bed she bent down to kiss him. It was the most passionate kiss of the night. 

When he started to speak, she covered his lips with one finger. He tasted her juices on her finger so he knew where it had been. She leaned a little farther forward so he could lick her nipple. She could tell he was aroused just by the way he was going at them. She teased his cock through his jeans, but didn't undo them. She leaned back up, stepped one foot over his body, put her hand on his head and eased his eager mouth towards her wetness. He licked up the inside of her thigh, tasting her juices that were pouring out. She positioned herself on him so he could suck on her clit without lifting his head from the bed. She moved her hips back and forth with the rhythm of his tongue to help speed her orgasm. It worked like a charm. Within seconds she was moaning with pleasure. He grabbed her by the hips as she started to come so he could concentrate on her clit. Her legs started to shake and her back arched in a climax that left her wetness running down his cheeks. She leaned down, licked her juice from his cheek, gave him a kiss on the mouth and said, "I have to shower". 

She walked to the bathroom, knowing he would follow. He stripped as quickly as he could and headed for the shower. The bathroom was very warm and steamy from the shower running. She had taken off her shoes and thigh-highs and was leaning against the sink when he came in. He grinned when he realized she was waiting for him. He kissed her deeply and wrapped his arms around her...a passionate kiss that seemed to last forever. Her legs parted as he lifted her up onto the vanity. He rubbed the head of his cock up and down on her to get it wet. As he entered her, her eyes got big and she had a little grin on her face. When he was completely in, she grabbed him and held him tight. Who would have known this vanity would be exactly the right height, exactly the right angle to hit her pleasure spot. 

He moved in and out of her slowly, stopping when he was all the way in, just the way she likes it. She grabbed him tight and pulled him into her as she started to come all over his cock. He was already worked up and the sight of her coming was too much for him to handle. She felt his cock starting to spasm inside her and she held him even tighter, begging him to come inside her. She could feel his warm come fill her up as his hard cock exploded inside her. Her pussy muscles tightened around him as she came, adding to their sensation. Both hearts pounding, neither one wanted to move. She needed to be the first one to move but he stopped her. "Just one more minute," he whispered. They held each other for what seemed like forever before he put her in the shower. 

Being careful not to get her hair wet, he washed her back and washed away any evidence of him. He watched her get dressed before throwing on his clothes to walk her to the waiting car. With a hug and a kiss on the cheek he whispered in her ear "I can't wait to see you again." She sat in down and smiled as he closed the door. 

Back in his room, he thought about the evening and he could smell her scent. He wondered was she as eager to see him again as he was her? 

Note from GrnEyedRae .. I hope you have enjoyed reading about my secret lover and my encounters. There is a truth that lies within these passages along side a bit of fantasy. I hope you, too, find a secret lover that is as passionate and as sexually fulfilling as I have found in mine. And no matter what the future brings for us... he will always be inside of me. 