 Bruce Tanner was just 19 when he finally was released from the Navy. He'd thought it would be a chance to "See the World" but instead it was a chance to get yelled at and told what to do all the time. Lonely and frustrated, he'd become well acquainted with his penis and the little comfort it was able to provide him.

After his discharge he returned to his San Fernando Valley roots and reconnected with his cousin and buddy growing up, Michael.

"Come on up to my house some time!" Mike encouraged him. "I got this cool cabin up in the hills overlooking the Lake!"

Well, it didn't take Bruce long to make the trek and, good gosh! It was great up there! Deer meandering across the canyon, sparse housing and only a dirt road but it was such a friendly place. And Mike's girlfriend Nancy was friendly too! It wasn't long before Bruce began to make his way up to Hillcrest every day, even managing to get a little job doing "Landscaping" for the lady up the street. Okay, it was just weeding but it gave him an excuse to visit every day.

Nancy was what you would call an "Earth Mother" type. Wore loose fitting shifts with little or nothing underneath. You could see her tits right through the skimpy fabric when the sun was shining on her lovely form.

Yes, Bruce began to fantasize about Nancy when he masturbated which was increasingly often. But...Nancy was Mike's girl and so, it was hands off.

But, still. She was always there and sometimes, with Mike taking classes at a local college, it ended up being just the two of them there when he finished his yard work for the day. There was always a bottle of wine around and sometimes, they would share a glass or two. Nancy had dirty blonde hair, reaching her shoulders, and sparkling eyes that seemed to penetrate right into his soul when Bruce gazed at her.

It was a balmy summer afternoon in August when Bruce pulled up in front of the little hilltop cabin in his old Mustang and Nancy was out in the front yard watering. Bruce gave her a little wave which she returned as he climbed out of his car.

"Whew! The summer heat is kicking in now." She mused as the two of them went in the house. Bruce sat at the kitchen table and Nancy got them each a glass of Chardonnay to cool off a bit. Bruce just couldn't keep from gabbing when he was alone with Nancy. He found her so...so captivating yet he knew he couldn't approach her. So he just mindlessly ran his mouth while drinking in the sensuous sight she presented across the table. Shooting him that smile, her eyes locked on his...

Finally, Bruce ran out of words and took to gulping his wine. Nancy got up from her chair across the table and then motioned for him to follow her.

"The plug in the bedroom doesn't seem to be working." She began, "Maybe you can help me with it."

No electrician but eager to help, Bruce jumped up and quickly followed Nancy into the bedroom. She pointed to the outlet near the floor under the bookcase and Bruce moved to his knees to check out the problem. It looked fine. "What am I doing down here? He wondered. It's not like I can tell if the power is working without a lamp or something to plug in and...

And then he noticed Nancy's hippie dress lying on the floor next to him. 

With some trepidation, he looked up to where Nancy stood and, to his amazement, found himself looking right up at Nancy's bare pussy! The willowy blonde had removed her dress and was now smiling seductively at him. Her pert little tits seemed to be calling out to him..."Come and lick us!" The tight pink lips of Nancy's vagina were adorned with light brown curls and Bruce began to feel his cock hardening in his pants. Was this real?

"I...I think I hear my mother calling me." Was all he could think of to say. This was Mike's girl! He couldn't do this...could he?

Of course, this was the seventies and people did this kind of stuff all the time, so when he moved to his feet and attempted to exit the room, Nancy stopped him. He turned to face her in an effort to explain his feelings but there were those beautiful eyes sparkling at him and then those sensuous lips reached up and kissed him!

And Bruce kissed her back! He hoped God would forgive him for this but that kiss from his cousin's completely naked girlfriend was just too much to resist. His cock began to make the decisions and logic simply went out the window. Kiss after kiss ensued and his tongue was all wet and slippery in Nancy's mouth and she was grinding her body into his all the while.

Then, Nancy's nimble fingers reached for his belt and soon his pants were sliding down his legs. Nancy moved to her knees and pulled his boxers down as well and was confronted with Bruce's long suffering penis! Before Bruce even had a chance to pray for it to happen, Nancy had taken his cock into her soft sweet mouth and was now slowly sucking it, her eyes locked on his all the while.

Bruce knew months, hell, years of pent up sexual frustration were going to result in all of his boiling hot sperm splashing into Nancy's mouth, and very soon! Her hands reached underneath his big thick cock and began to caress his balls bringing moans of pleasure from the nineteen year old's core.

And just when it seemed that he was going to finally spew his sperm into her hot sucking mouth, she released his come striving prick from her lips and laid back on the carpet, opening her legs in an unmistakable sexual invitation. All of Nancy's pussy was on display for Bruce to enjoy...and he enjoyed it!

Bruce fell to his knees and pushed Nancy's thighs apart before moving closer to her lewdly exposed pussy.

"Oh Bruce, please!" She begged, "Please lick my little pussy!" 

Bruce was quick to comply and then his tongue was tasting Nancy's delightful feminine nectar. And, Oh, it was good. Nancy moaned and whispered words of encouragement to Bruce as he did his best to please her. Never having eaten pussy before, he quickly figured out what Nancy seemed to like from her joyous cries of pleasure.

Bruce's cock was now rock hard and eager for satisfaction. But, as he moved towards Nancy, penis in hand in an attempt to penetrate her, she put her finger to her lips as if the say "Shhh!" and then scrambled to her knees before him. Bruce was now treated to the cock lurching sight of Little Nancy Eamons" tight asshole and pussy, all bare before him!

"Wow!" was all Bruce could think of to say at that moment! This was all happening so fast! But Nancy was calling the shots now and quietly moaned "Oh please Bruce, come on and lick my little pussy some more!"

But Bruce had different, even randier ideas. He began to lap gently at Nancy's pussy until it was wet and ready for hard cock. Then, without hesitation, he moved his tongue up to the crinkled little hole just above it and began to softly paint it with his talented tongue.

"Oh that's just so nasty!" She gasped when she felt Bruce's tongue attempting to lodge itself in her forbidden rear hole.

The handsome young cousin continued to stimulate Nancy's increasingly horny loins until, unable to stand it any longer, Nancy rolled over onto her back and spread her legs well apart, sending an unmistakable sexual signal to Bruce. And, just in case he wasn't quite sure how to proceed, Nancy took her delicate pink labia in her fingers and slowly spread them open, displaying all of her voracious young pussy to his excited gaze!

Bruce took a moment to enjoy the salacious sight now before him: Hot young Nancy Eamons lying nude before him, her bare pussy wide open and gently pulsating in anticipation of it's impending penetration.

Bruce took his hardened penis in his hand and moved between Nancy's welcoming thighs and touched it gently to her slippery little cunthole. She gasped at the contact and reached out for Bruce's thick cock. The panting blonde guided it towards her pussy. She just couldn't wait any longer! She had to be fucked! 

Bruce was eager to comply. He scrunched his butt cheeks together and gave a mighty shove. And then all of his impossibly hard cock surged into Nancy's well lubricated pussy!

"Oh...Oh...Oh...!" She moaned as she was treated to long sweet strokes from her boyfriend's cousin. Oh, it was so good! She thought to herself. No dating. No pretending. No waiting. Just hard cock which was all she ever wanted anyway.

Both lovers threw all they had into this illicit union and Bruce stabbed his cock into Nancy's soft warm pussy with all he had, and he had plenty!

On and on, Bruce fucked his prick into Nancy's desire swollen vagina until, at last, he was ready to cum.

Nancy sensed his impending climax and warned him: "Not in my pussy Bruce! Please don't cum in my pussy!"

The burly onetime sailor reluctantly withdrew from Nancy's tight young pussy. Wondering what was next, he realized he didn't have long to ponder that question. 

Nancy quickly moved to her hands and knees before him.

Oh Bruce! Come on my asshole! It felt so good when you licked it! Give me hot cum on my little asshole!"

Bruce looked down at his intended target...still wet from his earlier attention. It seemed to call to him in a language he couldn't really hear but understood nonetheless. Taking his overstimulated cock in his right hand, he placed it directly at the center of Nancy's exquisitely tight little pink hole.

Then he pushed and the head of his cock popped into her never before fucked little anus!

"Oh no! Not back there!" Nancy wailed. "Don't fuck my asshole!"

But, it was too late for any mercy. Bruce just went ahead and did what comes naturally to a man in times like this: He took what he wanted. With Nancy still squealing beneath him, he hilted himself to the balls in the her no longer virgin ass!

"Ahhhh!" He moaned in satisfaction. There was no need for any further movement on his part. The combination of Nancy's lewd cock teasing followed by a world class fuck in her sweet little pussy had Bruce at the brink of orgasm when he managed to penetrate her ass.

Realizing it was hopeless, Nancy just lowered her tits to the carpet and waited for Bruce's load of hot come to fill her ass.

She didn't have long to wait. But Bruce remained motionless behind her...his cock planted securely in Nancy's asshole. The two lovers were quiet for a moment and then Nancy spoke softly to him.

"Just, just move it slowly a little. Let me get used to it."

Bruce was undeniably shocked to hear her words. He began to slightly withdraw when he felt Nancy's anal muscles slightly tighten! Oh my god! Now it was too late! Torrents of sperm began to race to freedom as his balls jerked and sent all of his cum into Nancy's puckered little asshole! Unable to do much now, Bruce just pushed forward and treated her to all of his cock deep in her anal channel as he finished up the most thrilling fuck of his life.

The two lovers laid together for several minutes. Bruce's cock slowly slid out from Nancy's ass as they each tried to figure out what you say at a time like this.

Finally Nancy spoke. "I always wondered what that would be like."

Bruce, relieved that she wasn't mad at him just chuckled to himself. "Me too!" was all he could say in response.

Just then, the unmistakable sound of Mike's '57 VW sputtering up the road interrupted their intimate moment and both lovers quickly had to dress and compose themselves. Their brief interlude was over. Over but not forgotten. It was there for each of them to remember...forever.