 I am rounding the curve, almost home. It has been a long day at work and I am ready to get home. My husband, Raja, is out of town on business. It will be a peaceful evening so I can just sit around and relax. As I pull into the driveway, I see Naveen next door playing with his dog in his front yard. Naveen, 20, grew up, I have known Naveen since he was four years old. He is into body building and his muscles look hard as a rock. He is wearing a tank top today, as usual, to show off his muscles. He also has on faded cut off blue jeans. He is throwing sticks for his dog to fetch.

I go inside and pour myself a large glass of Juice. Now to the bathroom, draw a nice tub of hot water, get in, and relax while drinking the Juice. It feels so good to just unwind from the stress of the day. As sit in the tub drinking my Juice, I reach for the soap and washcloth and begin bathing. I wash my face and neck. When my washcloth covered hand reaches my soft white breasts, my nipples instantly stand to attention. Putting the washcloth on the side of the tub, I take another swallow of Juice and my bare hand returns to massage my soapy breasts. I try to squeeze my nipple but it is so slippery that it keeps slipping from between my fingers. As I lightly trace little circles around each nipple, I start to fantasize about making love to an imaginary lover. My other hand slips between my legs, between my lips and begins to massage my clit. I have been fantasizing a lot lately about making love to someone other than Raja. We have been married for 12 years. The Juice must be having an effect on me already because I have an orgasm very quickly.

After bathing, I get out of the tub, dry off, and slip into a sexy white lace bra and white bikini panties. The doorbell rings. "Who could that be?", I ask myself. I put on my bathrobe and go to the door. It is Naveen.

"Hi, Naveen, come on in."

"Hello, Aunty. Is this a bad time?"

"Oh no. I just got out of the tub. Care for a glass of Juice?"

"That would be nice."

I pour two glasses. "Come into the living room and have a seat."

Naveen sits on the couch and I sit in the soft easy chair across the room. As I sit in the chair, my robe slides off my legs, exposing them to within a few inches of my panties. Quickly covering myself with the robe, I am sure Naveen noticed. I know he must have seen my panties. I am embarrassed, yet, in some strange way, it's stimulating for Naveen to have sen such a private part of me. My heart beat quickens and I hope I am not blushing.

His muscles look hard as steel. He rests his leg on the coffee table and I can see up one leg of his ragged cutoff jeans. He has on no underwear! I can see his balls and the head of his penis! I wonder if he is doing this intentionally. I try to look him in the eye, but my eye keep wandering down to his crotch. I feel my temperature rise and I feel flush. I have to fight to keep my eyes in the proper place.

I get up to get a pack of snacks from the coffee table in front of Naveen. As bend over to pick up the snacks my robe gaps open. I know he can see my bra and the swells of my breasts. I wonder if my nipples are showing through my thin bra. I hope not. I am glad I put on my best bra this evening. As I start to put my hand on my chest to keep my robe closed, I decide not to. I notice his eyes lower to my breasts. I don't really mind. I hesitate a few seconds to let him savor the view. It gives me a tingle of excitement to have him staring at my soft mounds. He really can see no more than he could if I had on a bathing suit.

I still think of Naveen as a little boy. He has been one of Vivek's friends for years. His mother is a very good friend and we chat often. Our families cook out in the back yard together frequently.

"I haven't seen you around much lately, Naveen, where you been keeping yourself?"

"I have a girlfriend and been spending a lot of time with her."

"Who is she?"

"Oh, you don't know her. My parents don't like her. She is older than I am."

"How much older?" I ask as I sit down in the easy chair.

"She is 36."

"My god! She is just a few years older than I am", I imagine.

"I thought maybe you could help me with a problem I have."

Naveen has always been able to talk to me about his problems. Even when he was a little boy, he would come to me with problems he felt he couldn't discuss with his mother.

"Sure, what's the problem?" I sneak a glance at his crotch.

"She likes to dance slow and I never learned how. Would you teach me?"

"I'll be glad to. Do you want to start now."

"Yea, if you don't mind."

"Ok, I'll put on some nice slow music and teach you how to dance."

I put a CD on and motion him to help me move the coffee table out of the way. Again my robe falls open when I lean over to pick up the table and this time I couldn't use my hand to keep it closed, if I wanted to. Naveen again gets a long view of my cleavage. I am feeling a little self-conscious now because I may be showing him too much.

Ready to give Naveen his first dance lesson, I stand in the middle of the floor and he stands in front of me. I have to take his right hand and put it on my waist. He is very tense as I put my left hand on his muscular shoulder and take his other hand in mine.

"Just relax. You will never be a good dancer until you learn to relax." I really feel strange standing with my arms around Naveen. I hadn't realized how tall he was and for the first time I can tell that his muscles really are as hard as they look.

After a few songs Naveen is doing great. He learns fast. We sit down for a few minutes,finish our Juice and I pour us each another glass. By now, I am feeling a little wobbly. 

"Let's dance one more time and then I have to go home."

"Ok."

This time Naveen pulls me close to his hard body. I am a little startled as my breast presses into his chest. Not expecting this, I don't know whether to back away or not. I decide that I won't embarrass him, and snuggle close. His body is real solid. I can feel each individual muscle in his shoulder and neck. I can't resist stroking my hand over his solid muscles.

He dances like he has been doing it for years. I wonder if this whole thing had just been a plan to hold me in his arms. He uses his right hand on the back of my head to press my head against his shoulder. The sentimental song and the Juice make me feel romantic and for a few seconds I forget who I am with. I offer no resistance. I close my eyes and rest my head on his strong shoulder. He hugs me tight for just a second and I hug back. His young athletic body feels so good against mine. My left hand is rubbing the back of his neck. Feeling a growing bulge touching my thigh, I know that he is getting excited.

I must stop this now before it goes too far. Moving my head from his shoulder, I try to step back a little. Naveen holds his right arm firmly around me. He takes my hair in his right hand and gently forces my head back so that I am looking up, right into his baby blue eyes. He looks down at me for a moment, then leans forward and kisses me on my mouth! I can't believe it! I have known this kid since he was four years old! He is like a son to me! I try to pull away.

"NAVEEN! What are you doing?"

Naveen doesn't answer. He pulls me tight against him and presses his mouth against mine again. I am so startled at his actions that my mouth opens and his tongue slips inside.

"Mmmppphhhh," I try to protest but the sound is muffled my his tongue in my mouth.

I gasp in surprise as his hand finds my right breast and presses it against my chest! Naveen is touching my breast! It feels very good! I hesitate about a minute and think about what is happening as Naveen fondles me. I want him to continue, but I know that I can't allow it. It is wrong! I use my free hand and move his hand off my breast. I wonder if I should tell his mother.

"Aunty, you know you like it," his voice is very calm.

"It feels very good, Naveen, but this is wrong. PLEASE don't do it again."

He takes my right hand and holds it with his right hand behind my back. Now both my hands are useless. One is being held behind my back, the other is over his shoulder and he is holding me so close to him that I can't move it. His left hand again finds my breast. He presses and caresses it. I am helpless to do anything about it. My breathing increases and my heart is pounding so hard, it feels as if it will leap out of my chest.

"Naveen, PLEASE don't!" I plead with him. My voice is trembling. 

He holds me very close. He is so strong that I can't escape. He very slowly slips his hand inside my robe and begins to slide it into my bra!

"NO, Naveen, PLEASE move your HAND! Let me go ........... NOW!"

"Relax, Aunty, you know it feels good." His hand is very warm as it touches the top of my soft rounded swell. It feels incredible! His fingers spread and just brush against each side of my nipple as his hand dips further into my bra. My nipple hardens.

"Please don't do this to me!.......I don't want to!" I still try to stop him, but he is determined to feel my breast.

The skin at the joint between two fingers bend my nipple down as his hand slowly slides deeper inside my bra. My hard nipple springs back into his palm. He plays with my breast as I struggle to stop him.

"NAVEEN, I DON'T want to do this." I am fighting the urge to cry.

I feel the coarse skin on his hand against the smooth soft skin of my breast. He takes my hard nipple between his thumb and forefinger and twists it and pulls on it, not hard, very gently.

"Nooooooooooo ........... oooooooohhhhhhhhh"

It feels great but I must stop this. I am NOT that kind of woman. I struggle to get free. My heart pounds savagely. He is so strong that I know that I will never be able to free myself from his powerful grip.

He maneuvers me back, pins me against the wall and slides my robe off my shoulder. He examines my thin white lace bra with the imprint of my hard nipple protruding through it. He covers my breast with his hand, now on the outside of my bra. He finds the hook in the front. His hand moves to it. HE IS GOING TO UNFASTEN MY BRA!!!

"NO, NAVEEN, NO......PLEASE don't ....... Noooooooooooooooooo....."

He unfastens my bra and pushes it aside exposing the milky white skin of my uncovered breast to the bright room light. He examines my breast as his finger lightly traces circles around my stiff nipple.

It does no good to struggle. I relax my body. I feel so vulnerable. How did I let myself get into this? Naveen clutches my breast for several minutes. It really feels phenomenal! I am breathing even deeper now. I hope he doesn't notice how much he is turning me on. I want him to stop, but yet, I don't want him to stop. I feel so strange having someone so young and handsome pay so much attention to my bare breast.

He lightly presses my soft mound from different angles and watches it move. He puts his palm over my entire breast and makes large slow clockwise motions, moving it with his hand. He flattens it gently and then pulls my nipple again.

Oh, it feels SO GOOD, particularly when he pulls my nipple! I am confused. I don't know how to stop him and if I did, would I wish later that I hadn't?

He is still caressing my fully displayed flesh and occasionally pinching my nipple. "When I was ten old, I was here playing with Vivek and we found some Polaroids of you."

I know exactly which Polaroids he is talking about. It was some nudes that Raja had taken of me. I had always hoped that no one ever saw those photos!

"I have wanted to play with your tits ever since that day. They are just a soft and smooth as I imagined. Your tits are even more beautiful than they were in those pictures 10 years ago and your nipples are fantastic."

He moves his hand from my breast and just gazes at it. I blush. I can't help it. It feels so very good to have my naked softness petted by a muscular young man but I know than I cannot allow it and I try to struggle free one more time. When I struggle, he grasps my breast very hard. It hurts bad. I stop struggling and relax my body again.

"Please, Naveen, You shouldn't be doing this!" My voice is still trembling.

"You know you are enjoying this. I can tell by your breathing."

I am breathing hard, both from struggling and from being aroused.

Naveen unties the belt on my robe and opens it, revealing my white bikini panties. His left hand leaves my breast and moves down to my waist and then even lower. His fingers slide beneath the waistband of my panties.

"NO, Naveen, PLEASE PLEASE stop!......PLEASE don't do this to me!......PLEASE don't put your hand in my panties. Don't touch me down there!"

I begin to tremble all over and my breaths gets deeper. My knees are weak. I have never been under the control of a man in this way before. It is both frightening and arousing. I can't escape from his strong grip.

His hand slips into my panties and pauses at my thin downy pubic hair. He twirls his fingers through my hairs and pulls slightly. Not to hurt me, but only playing. His hand explores my furry pubic mound and every once in a while he pulls a single hair. He is taking his time and enjoying toying with me.

"PLEASE don't touch me there......It's ok to touch my breasts if you just won't touch me down there......You can do anything you want with my breasts.. ....Just PLEASE, PLEASE don't touch me below the waist." I hope that if I let him play with my breasts, he will be satisfied and leave my genitals alone. I am almost crying.

His fingers touch my puffy outer lips and very lightly examine their shape and texture. He slides down my left lip and comes back up the right one.

I try to put my legs together, but his muscular thigh is between my legs and I can't get them together. His fingers slowly explore my lips. I feel myself getting wet! I am really getting turned on! This is wrong! I move my hips in different directions trying to get my genitals away from his hand.

"Oooohhhh ................", my voice is almost a whisper, "Naveen, Please just play with my breast. Suck on them for me. Please suck my tit. It feels so good when you play with my tit. I love it when you pull my nipple.”Oohh." His fingers drag my wetness all over my tingling lips. "NAVEEN, don't you want to feel of my breasts? Pinch my nipple."

Just as I begin to protest one more time, his finger slides between my lips, finds my tingling clit and very gently massages it. The feeling is ecstatic. Another moan escapes my lips.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhh............" I am helpless. My breathing gets still deeper.

He is molesting me at will as his finger slowly works it's way down to my wet vaginal opening.

"Uhhhh......"

I gasp and my whole body tenses for a second as he easily slides his finger up into me. It is one of the most wondrous feelings I have ever had.

"You are real wet, Aunty!"

"Oooohhhhhhhhhh ........ That ........ doesn't mean ..... that I'm ........ turned on .......... Please don't ......... Please remove ......... your finger ...... Naveen, please ......... please ......... stop doing ....... this to me." I try to sound like I'm not turned on, but my voice gives me away.

He very slowly slides his finger in and out...in and out....in and out....

Involuntarily, I spread my legs wider and I rotate my hips forward and backward in rhythm with his finger.

"Oooooooohhhhhhhh ........"

My body gets hot all over and wet as perspiration covers me completely.

Naveen is holding his young athletic body against me. He slides in another finger, then another, filling my captivated opening with his fingers, slowly sliding them in and out for several more minutes. He returns to my swollen clit and I open my legs wider and press my pubic bone into his palm.

"Ooooooohhhhhhhhhhhh ..........."

Breathing very hard now, my chest is rising and falling with each deep breath. I have completely surrendered myself to this dominant young man. My willpower has disappeared. My voice is a whisper.

"Oooohhhhh .......... Naveen, that.... feels so good ..... Please don't stop....... I want you .. so much!"

You have no idea how many times I have fantasized about fingering your pussy. When you wear those tight Saree’s and I can see the outline of your ass, it drives me wild. One time I was laying in the floor in this very room and you walked by me with a dress on and I saw your pussy covered only by your thin saree. I went home and jerked off while thinking about it." His voice is still calm and cool.

I look into those blue eyes and with the hand that is trapped over his shoulder, I bring his head to mine and give him a very long deep passionate kiss. My tongue wanders into his mouth.

Naveen releases my hands. 

Without breaking our kiss, I put one arm around him and reach for his crotch with the other. I rub his erect member through his ragged cutoff jeans. My hand slips inside the leg of his shorts. I find his hard dick and eagerly wrap my fingers around it. The last time I saw his penis, it was less than an inch long (he was very young then). Now it must be 8 inches now and hard as a rock. Pulling it out the leg of his cutoff, I begin to pump it slowly with my hand. I feel it's swollen mushroom shaped head, it's long hard shaft, and I feel the tuft of rough hair at it's base.

He slides my robe off the other shoulder and it falls to the floor. My bra also falls off letting both my ashen breasts swing free. Returning his hand to my pussy, his finger slides between my lips and finds my clit again, this time on the outside of my wet panties. His other hand massages my tits, moving from one to the other and back again, pinching my nipples and pressing each breast.

We are gazing into each other's eyes while exploring each other's most private parts. I really want to feel his cock inside me now! My mind knows that I shouldn't and that it is wrong, but my pussy wants his hard dick inside.

Moving my other hand to the back of his head, I pull him to me and again lustfully kiss him on the mouth. My tongue wanders into his mouth and he opens to accept it. My other hand never stops sliding up and down on his hard rod.

"I want to kiss it. I want your cock in my mouth. Do you like to have your dick sucked?" I can't believe I am saying those words.

"It's my favorite thing in the whole world."

I kneel down in front of Naveen, unfasten his cutoffs and slide them down to the floor. I am on my knees admiring his beautiful big hard dick, his hairy balls, and his muscular thighs. Taking his massive cock in my hand, I move it to my mouth, open my lips and slide them over his swollen purple head and begin sucking it like a popcycle. I relish the moisture on it's tip. I savor the musk of his shaft. Cupping his balls in my hand, I squeeze them gently as I lick down his long shaft and then lick each fuzzy ball, one at a time. I take a ball into my mouth and suck it. All the time my hands are massaging his firm butt. I place his dick in my mouth again and suck as hard as I can.

"Oooohhhhh......you suck so....... good.....I always knew..........that you could.......suck a dick!", now Naveen is moaning and breathing so hard he can hardly talk.

In just a few seconds his dick begins to swell even more and starts jerking. His cum fills my mouth. I forgot that young boys cum much sooner than older men. I swallow all his warm salty cum and feel very disappointed that he came so quickly.

Snapping back to reality, I ponder what has just happened. I have done wrong. I have sucked off the little boy next door. I am so ashamed that I let myself get so carried away. What if Raja finds out? Will he leave me? I can't look at Naveen. I hope he leaves quickly. Will Vivek find out? Will I be the subject of neighborhood gossip? Will Naveen tell his friends how he got me to suck him off? Will other young boys come over expecting a blow job? What if a whole group of boys come over and hold me down? What would they do to me? It's all my fault for letting him see the tops of my breasts earlier. I got him turned on and he couldn't help himself.
