 Nandita was getting sexually frustrated. Her husband Raja used to ejaculate too fast and go of to sleep leaving her frustrated. The sex act finished almost before it started, so it seemed to Nandita. She resolved her frustrations by masturbating in the tub in the mornings. She fantasized about her brother-in-law, Bala, her husband’s friend Vivek and even her maid servant. Although she was fucked by them in real, Nandita had resolved to remain faithful to her husband. However, she saw no harm in flirting, since it gave her pleasure and added excitement to her fantasises while masturbating.

Vivek on the other hand was a different kettle of fish altogether. He had stopped coming so often to their house, knowing that Nandita was revelling in teasing him and nothing more. He was getting sex from women and knew that eventually an opportunity would open for him to fuck Nandita. One day Vivek came over and invited Raja and Nandita to a dinner at his house the following weekend. His leave would soon be getting over and thus he was throwing a party for friends. When Nandita and Raja arrived at his apartment for the party they saw a lot of young couples enjoying themselves. Vivek was mainly occupied with a sexy looking girl who was a famous Calcutta model. 

On asking Raja, she got to know that her name was Nimi and she was Vivek's current girlfriend and 27 years of age. Nimi was the attention of most males at the party. She was wearing a thin-strap black dress, which could hardly hold her huge breasts and the dress was so short that, Nandita thought that Nimi was wearing no panties. The sight of her heavy proud breasts almost spilling out of the dress transfixed Nandita. She was staring at Nimi with her lips slightly parted and Nandita could feel herself getting wet. Suddenly Nimi looked in her direction and Nandita was embarrassed at being caught looking unabashedly at this sexy model. 

The next thing Nandita saw was Nimi standing next to her with Vivek . She gently took hold of Nandita's hand and gave her a kiss on the cheek. Nandita took in her perfume as Nimi's breasts pressed her own while she was kissing her cheek. Raja is lucky to have such a pretty wife, she laughingly told Nandita. She had not left Nandita's hand and kept squeezing it sensually. The nearness of this woman and her scent intoxicated Nandita. Also the sight of her huge breasts each winking the other way was enough to start Nandita's juices flowing. Nandita thought her own breasts were a handful, but Nimi's were huge and seemed to have a life of their own, proudly thrusting thru the fabric to gain freedom. 

After exchanging a few more pleasantries with Nandita and Raja, Vivek and Nimi excused themselves. Before leaving, Nimi, who had not let go playing with Nandita's hand brought her face near Nandita's ear. Brushing her breasts against her arm and pretending to whisper something, she took a playful nibble and lick at Nandita's ear. Nandita immediately blushed on knowing the Nimi was attracted to her. This was not lost on Vivek who mischeviously smiled at Nandita's predicament. Nandita was really all hot and bothered. She stole a number of glances at Nimi and Vivek during the party and her stares were noticed by them.

On returning home that night, Nandita felt very horny and quickly removed her clothes and pounced on her husband. Raja could not keep up the sexual ardour of his wife and as usual ejaculated too fast and went off to sleep. Nandita was sexually unsatisfied and kept tossing and turning thinking about Nimi and Vivek . In the morning she asked Raja why Vivek was not married as yet. Raja laughed and said that Vivek did not feel the need especially when he was bedding many women. He also added that Vivek was a rogue and that she should stay away from him. Nandita felt scared of Vivek but at the same time, the thought of getting fucked by him set her juices flowing. That day she masturbated thinking of Nimi and Vivek. However, Nandita thought seriously of what her husband had said and resolved to let Vivek fuck her in her dreams only.

A few days later, Nandita hit upon an idea of buying sexy lingerie to spice up her sex-life with Raja. She had often seen women in magazines wearing sexy lingerie and decided to surprise Raja that night. She wanted to but a satin teddy and so she went to a shop dealing in imported undergarments. She found what she wanted and was holding it up for size, when she heard her name being called. She turned to see Nimi, who once again proceeded to peck her on the check and this time give her a big hug. Seeing what was in Nandita's hand,Nimi squealed " that will look real sexy on you Nandita". Nandita smiled and asked the salesgirl to show her a larger size. " Nandita dear, I bought the same size for myself last week and it fitted me fine, after all it is meant to show your boobs not hide them". Nandita blushed at the mention of breasts. 

Nimi continued "Nandita you have such a sexy figure and a horny face too, you should definitely take up modelling". Nimi had a very unsettling effect on her. She was so sexy and today she was wearing a tight t-shirt and tight pants. Her breasts seemed to proudly thrust out. Having paid Nandita started to leave but was stopped by Nimi. " Lets have lunch together "she said. Nandita seemed to hesitate, but Nimi would not have no for an answer and grabbed her by her arm. Once out of the shop, Nimi said the Vivek was going to pick her up from here, but she would call him to meet them directly at the coffee-shop. Before Nandita could protest, Nimi walked away and dialled Vivek on her cellphone. 

Nandita felt apprehensive, but at the same time excited at the prospect of spending time with Vivek and Nimi. What would she tell Raja, he had specifically told her to stay away from Vivek. All these thoughts entered Nandita's mind. Her body was excited being near this couple and after all a lunch would be harmless. She was jolted out of her thoughts by Nimi pressing her hand and saying," We have to pickup Vivek, he has returned his bike since he is leaving tomorrow", come dear lets go. Nimi sat in the car and Nandita drove them to Vivek's apartment. All through the journey the vivacious Nimi kept touching Nandita on her arm, shoulder hair or stroking her face while chattering 19 to a dozen.

Nandita was not fully aware of her talk but was definitely aware of her touch. On reaching Vivek's apartment, Nimi excused herself to go to the toilet while Nandita was left alone with Vivek. He immediately caught her hand and kissed her on her cheek, saying " Nandita you are looking really sexy in a saree". While saying this he was deliberately staring at her breasts and her peeking navel. He pulled her down on the sofa and made her sit close to him. Nandita took in his masculine body odour and felt excited being near him and blushed. Encouraged by her blushing Vivek put his arm around her and was stroking her hair and bare arms. His touch was not gentle but firm and demanding. He exuded so much confidence and masculinity that, Nandita was feeling intoxicated in his presence and was unable to stop him from taking such liberties with her. She was afraid and excited at the same time. Looking directly into Nandita's eyes and stroking her face Vivek said " You have a sexy face Nandita, you should seriously think about modelling". He brought his face nearer and Nandita involuntarily opened her lips expecting to be kissed by him. 

Nimi walked into the room and Nandita jerked herself away from Vivek. She looked at Nimi who had obviously seen what was going on. Nandita smiled sheepishly at Nimi and excused herself to go to the toilet. Once inside she washed her hot n burning face with cold water and tried to gather her thoughts. She was angry at Vivek, how could he treat her like a putty in his hand. The nerve of the man to go about touching and feeling her with his hands and eyes ,knowing fully well that she was married. He had almost kissed her and she felt unable to resist his advances. 

Had Nimi not come what would have happened. The thought of kissing and being fucked by such a masculine man as Vivek greatly excited her. She could feel her panties getting wet, and try as she did, to splash water on her face, her face remained flushed. She resolved to have firmer control over her body but boy was she feeling horny. Coming out of the toilet Nandita was taken aback by the sight that greeted her. Nimi was in Vivek's arms and was being tongue-kissed by Vivek. His hands were kneading her buttocks and he was grinding his obvious bulge against her flat stomach. On seeing Nandita, Nimi immediately broke away and grinningly said " Vivek is going away tomorrow, so today is our last day together for a long time" as if to explain their amorous actions. Nandita felt jealous and responded, "I think I should leave you lovebirds alone". "No", said both Vivek and Nimi in unison. " He has promised me that he won't let me get any sleep tonight" said Nimi, giggling mischeviously. Nandita immediately reddened at the thought of Vivek fucking Nimi all night. 

Her husband Raja finished their love-making faster than it took to brush one's teeth, and once was enough for him, for two to three days. Nimi came up to Nandita and whispered in her ear, Vivek is feeling horny seeing you here. Nimi laughed at the rush of colour on Nandita's face. Now holding her face in her hand she again whispered, " Nandita you make me horny too, I want to taste you". Saying this Nimi turned Nandita's face towards her and brushed her lips lightly against Nandita's. Sensing no resistance she kissed Nandita fully with her open mouth. Nandita could taste Vivek's masculinity in Nimi's kiss. Nimi drew away smiling mischiveously at Nandita's obvious discomfort. She took Nandita by the arm and they all proceeded to a nearby coffee-shop for lunch.

On reaching the coffee-shop, Nandita noticed at the way male attention focused on their table. Nimi had a tight t-shirt on and her heavy breasts demanded the attention, since they seemed to be wanting their freedom from the tight fabric. Nandita herself wanted to feel and see them in all their glory. She was very much taken up by Nimi. Nimi knew the effect she had on Nandita and was dying to taste her cunt juices. She sat close to Nandita and kept touching her at the slightest pretext, thereby heightening the sexual tension between them. Vivek on the other hand was quiet. He was thinking that today is the opportunity to fuck this teasing bitch. He was encouraged by the fact that Nandita was attracted to Nimi. This would work to his advantage. He had a perpetual smile of a cat who ate the cream, knowing fully well that he was going to fuck Nandita all afternoon. 

The main discussion all through the meal centred around Nandita. Both Nimi and Vivek were very insistent that Nandita take-up modelling. They kept complimenting on her figure and sexy face and fair unblemished skin. Nimi took all this opportunity to feel her skin, her face and generally indulge in light foreplay with Nandita. Nandita was taken-up by their compliment and she had no resistance against Nimi taking liberties with her. She was so sexually charged that she had wet her panties and was dying to get fucked silly. They told her that she should have her portfolio taken and each one recommended various photographers. After the meal when Vivek was paying the check, Nandita realized that she had left her purse in Vivek's apartment.

On reaching Vivek's apartment, Nandita picked up her purse and started to leave, however Vivek insisted on taking a few snaps and went into the bedroom to fetch a camera. Nimi pulled Nandita beside her on the sofa and started talking and touching her. She told Nandita that she would very much like to meet her again and take her to some good photographers. Meanwhile Vivek got his camera and asked them to pose for a few snaps. Immediately Nimi started hugging Nandita in the pretext of posing. So much body contact with this huge busted model was too much for Nandita. She too got bolder and started feeling Nimi. This was all the encouragement Nimi needed and soon she was tongue-kissing Nandita. Nandita was whimpering with passion. She had never been kissed by a woman before and was savouring her softness. 

Nimi was now taking small bites on Nandita's ear, face neck, Nandita was on fire. Vivek had captured all this on film and had got very excited on seeing these two sexy women go for each other. He quickly removed his clothing and stroked his fat thick prick. He separated the two women, lest he miss in on the action. On seeing Vivek naked, his muscle tone and the thickness of his shaft, Nandita felt afraid. Her mind was forcing her to say " Nooo Vivek, please don't fuck me , I am married", instead the words that came out were " OOOOOH My Gawd, itsss so beeeeg, Sushhheeeeel". Don't worry Nandita darling, said Vivek, just hold it, it won't bite. He brought his prick near her and placed her hand on it. 

Nandita felt the throbbing prick and was creaming in her panties. Her eyes were wide open but her throat was dry. Nimi sensing Nandita's predicament, quickly brought her lips to suck Vivek's prick. But Vivek only wanted Nandita and firmly pushed Nimi aside motioning to her to take the camera. Now Vivek caught Nandita by the back of her neck and brought his prick near her face. Nandita could smell his prick now and involuntarily opened her mouth to suck it.

Vivek felt overjoyed, seeing Nandita was a willing participant, he slowly pushed his prick further in her mouth. This was the second time Nandita was tasting, sucking a prick. Her husband Raja was not adventurous in bed. Vivek expertly filled her throat with his prick and when he thought she was gagging removed it and rubbed her face with it. Nandita took to the task with earnest now. She could taste Vivek's masculinity and could feel the power of his prick thru its throbbing. Meanwhile, Nimi was busy clicking photographs. Nandita's sexy face filled with Vivek's thick prick was too much for Nimi, she was in the throes of an orgasm herself. The sight of such a sexy face licking Vivek's hairy balls and her hands all over Vivek's tight buns was awesome. 

Nandita loved the feel of Vivek's buttocks and feeling their strength could well visualise the fucking she was going to get. Vivek too was very excited and about to explode. He controlled himself by stopping and asking Nandita if she liked sucking his prick. Nandita could only moan a gurgle in reply. He was delighted in seeing this newly married woman offering no resistance at all. In fact she was hot and sucking, licking his prick profusely. Vivek then held the back of her head and started fucking her mouth, first with slow long thrusts and then with short fast jabs. As he exploded he filled her mouth with semen. Removed his prick from her mouth, lest she choke and came all over her sexy face, hair, shoulders, saree. Nandita tried to swallow as much as she could. Suddenly Nimi left the camera and started sucking Nandita's mouth, face, to taste Vivek's cum.

This was the second time Nandita had tasted semen and she was loving every goblet, droplet of it. Nandita's panties were thoroughly soaked and her thighs too were wet. She responded to Nimi's kisses with gay abandon, whimpering and moaning loudly. She ripped Nimi's t- shirt over her head and pushed the pink lacy bra from the top and fastened her mouth on one swollen nipple. Nimi felt discomforted, feeling the tightness of the bra strap on her back. She roughly pushed Nandita aside and removed her bra. The sight of her huge breasts with swollen nipples gaining freedom was too much for Nandita. She lost control and with a loud moan latched on to them with her hands and mouth.

Vivek seeing the women, and especially Nandita's horniness, could'nt wait to fuck her. He roughly pulled the women apart and carried Nandita in his arms to his bedroom, where the airconditioner was on. Vivek ripped Nandita's blouse off, and Nimi helped him in removing Nandita's clothes. On seeing her soaking lace panties, Vivek could not be bothered in removing them, he just yanked and ripped them. 

He saw Nandita's cunt lips fully engorged with the blood pumping in them, her clitoris was fully erect. Her black cunt hair was neatly trimmed and the sight of black hair, creamy white thighs and pink cunt lips was too much for Vivek. He knew that Nandita too was wanting him to fuck her. He laid Nandita on her back and raised both her legs over his shoulder. He placed his prick near her flowing cunt juices and pierced the bulbous head of his prick into her cunt. Nandita's cunt had never experienced such a thick, fat prick and although Vivek had only put the head in, her outer cunt lips where fully stretched. Nandita screamed in pain. "OOOHH GAAWD III CAANNT, PLEASE NO Vivek,", she cried. There was cold sweat all over her forehead and face. Nandita was really scared and got completely dry inside. " OOOOUUI MMAAA YOOU Are TEAARINNG ME AAIIIEE". Although Nandita had been married for a little over two months, her cunt had never been so stretched. 

She started begging Vivek to please spare her. Vivek felt as if he was deflowering a virgin. This excited him no end and his proud thick prick throbbed even more. Nimi came by Nandita's side. Nandita begged Nimi to make Vivek stop. Nandita expected Vivek to ram his prick fully in regardless of her dryness and fear. Vivek meanwhile removed the head slowly, putting some spit on it sank it again in her cunt. After repeating this a few times her cunt was able to accommodate his thick prick head. He now started inserting his prick bit by bit, thrusting and withdrawing. He got a slow rythmn going and sensed that Nandita was now lifting her buttocks to meet his thrusts. Her juices were flowing freely and she could feel an orgasm approaching. Nandita now clawed on Vivek's back egging him to go faster. 

Nimi asked her how she was liking it. Nandita managed a whimpering sound " OOHH AAARGG HHHEES FFUCKING MEE SOOO NICCELY, IT FEELSS SSOO GOOD". Vivek now started thrusting and withdrawing faster and faster pounding Nandita's tight cunt. His heavy balls were slapping against Nandita's raised buttocks THWAP, TWAP, THWAP with each of Vivek's powerful strokes. Their bodies were glistening with sweat and the only sound in the room as Vivek increased his thrusts were of Nandita's loud moaning and THWAP, THWAP, THWAP, THWAP of his ball slapping her raised buttocks. Vivek felt as if he had deflowered a virgin. Nandita was thrilled at the power of his thrusts and for the first time in her life felt fulfilled , literally and mentally. Vivek kept on going THWAP THWAP THWAP and Nandita could feel her orgasm imminent. Sensing this Vivek stopped pumping abruptly. Nandita wailed " YOOU BASSSTARRD DOOONT STTOOP PLEEEASEE IIMM UNNGG CCOMMING.". " FUCK ME< YOOUVE ALWAYS BEEN WAITING FOR THIS YOUU UNNGHH URGGH AAIIIEE OUIII MMAAAA", Vivek started thrusting hard and Nandita came and came. "OOUI MA UURRNNGH OHRGD". Vivek could not hold back any longer and exploded inside Nandita, filling her cunt with his semen. He then collapsed on the bed beside them.

Nimi had been rubbing her clitoris bringing herself to orgasm, while Nandita had been getting fucked. She longed to taste Nandita's cunt juices and quickly started sucking her swollen cunt lips. She darted her tongue inside Nandita's cunt and tasted Vivek's semen again. She also started teasing Nandita's bud clit making her moan and writhe. Nandita had never experienced anybody sucking her let alone a sexy woman. Nimi needed gratification too and spread her legs over Nandita's face and started grinding her soaked cunt on Nandita's face. Nandita was a quick learner and soon the two sexy women were having orgasms 69ing each other. The sight of these two sexy women doing each other excited Vivek and he developed a hard-on again. He pulled Nandita away from Nimi. Taking her by the shoulders he brought her near a rocking chair and he sat down. Then he motioned for her to sit on him. Nandita stared at his thick prick and slowly sat on him taking in his prick inch by inch. When Vivek had his prick fully inside he remained absolutely still and concentrated on fondling, sucking, biting Nandita's fair breasts. He asked her " Nandita, does this feel nice". Nandita was fully plugged up and although Vivek was only gently rocking, the fullness of his prick was bringing her close to another orgasm. " AAAH YYOUU ROGUE YOOVEE UM UUMMMN UURGGGHH OOOHHH YOUR COCK IITTSS FILLED MMEE UUNNGGH UUNNNGHH UUUNNNNGGH OOOO AAHH'' wailed Nandita.
