 Dear Readers, This is the second part of my submission. I am encouraged by the comments which I have received from my readers so far. Please keep them coming at the link below. I would like to read the comments and would never feel tired about it.

Please don't proceed beyond this warning if you are under 18 or not enough matured. If the contents disturb you at any stage, please don't proceed any further beyond it.

Second day : 

After taking a long, soothing, relaxing bath in the second morning, I stepped out of my bathroom to dry my sexy, wet, nude body off… Then, I searched for my yellow saree and for a matching blouse, which I normally wear, when am I horny. I purposefully didn’t wear any bra or panty. When I reached my bedroom, I found the air with hint of vanilla… soothing music floats from the stereo, old hits of Mohamed Rafi… on the pillow is a rose with a note from bachchu. I picked up the flower and inhaled its perfume, it was mind blowing, I was getting excited to open the note... Good Morning… Take off your clothes… and lay down on your back… I will join you… 

I placed the flower and note on the stand, as per instructions, I started to take off my saree and my blouse… and lay back on the bed… I looked around to see him. He was not around… the stain sheets felt cool against my bare skin… I tried to lay my head on top of the pillows and closed my eyes, I tried to imagine, the happenings of yesterdays event… I started to feel my body getting hot and shivering. I started to get wet between my thighs. I let my hands gently run on top of my body. As I do that, I felt my body relax from my own touch….

Suddenly I heard a voice…. “Enjoying madam??” I looked around to find bachchu standing next to my bed with morning coffee… I smiled at him and nodded yes, I was playing back yesterday event in my mind. He smiled at me… I looked into his pyjama… I am sure… he is not wearing anything under that…. Its rock hard… Standing pole… I simply smiled back at him. After tasting my coffee, I found him carrying a bottle of heated body oil, lightly flavored… I asked him, what was that… he simply smiled back…. this I prepared today morning for the massage session, its made of herbal and baby oil, with little perfume in it.. And he started to undress himself and sat next to me, I eyed his cock lying soft and content on his thigh… I run my hand over it, enjoying its feel, its stirs slightly, becoming a bit fuller and thicker at my touch… As I continue to play with his cock… I started to feel the harden beneath my hand… 

As I played with his prick, he takes the bottle of oil and turn it upside down over my breasts… he squeeze the bottle, letting a small stream of hot oil run from the spout and onto one of my erect nipples… I inhaled deeply at the intensity of the heat on my bare nipple… he then moved the bottle to the other exposed nipple, leaving a trail of warm oil between them… after covering my breast and nipple with oil, he placed the bottle on the bed side, and start to massage and caress my warm, slippery breasts… his hands glide easily over my skin, he gently rubbed and squeezed my tits… He let my nipples slide between his oily fingers, pulling and tweaking them as he do… I pushed my aroused nipples into his hands.

He leaned down and let his tongue draw circles around my erect nipples… he started sucking and pulling my nipples, his tongue flickers lightly over them, sending sweet currents of arousal to my clit.. I moved my hips slowly as he sucked my nipples… seeing my hip movements, he said, ‘ I think your clit is getting jealous…” I nodded my head silently…

As he sits back and took the bottle of warm oil from stand and again started dripping the stream onto my body… over my chest and tummy… and down to my neatly shaved mound. He massaged the slippery oil into my skin, letting his hands follow the path of the oil he left behind… My nipples harden once again as his fingers grow closer to my pussy…

Bachchu asked me to open my legs and asked me to show him, how wet I have become… I obyed him and shown him, how wet iam… he then asked to hold my pussy open for him… I was wondering, what he is going to do with that… and once again obeyed, pulling my wet pussy lips open for him, let him to see how wet I am inside, he then took the bottle of oil and let the warm drops fall directly onto my aroused, exposed clit… the feel of my tingling clit being drenched in warm oil made me coo and sigh.

He started touching and fondling my swollen nub, rubbing it in circles… I moved my hips sensuously with each stroke of his slick fingertip on my quivering clit… I opened my legs wider, as I did… “Do you like how I touch your pussy, madam”. he asked me… I nodded ‘yes’ closing my eyes tighter feeling shy… “Tell me…” he said… wanting to hear from my voice… I opened my eyes and smile at him and said, “play with my pussy boy… make my clit wet…” he smiled at me and begin to stroke my clit harder with his fingers… I moan loudly… and tlit my head back, closing my eyes… his fingers run over my clit, one by one, each one giving it a long stroke… he then took his index finger and slide it slowly inside my pussy… then two… then three oily fingers… I started to moan and asked him to do it faster and harder… then he did… in and out… faster and faster… screwing my wet slit with his fingers…

As I grow wilder and wilder, he pulled his fingers out of slit, and licked and sucked one of them, delighted by the taste of my wetness… he then puts his other cum soaked fingers in my lips, and I started licking my juices from them… 

He then kneel beside you on the bed, lifting one leg up to straddle my body, his hips hovering over my tits… his cock, hard and thick, stands erect just inches from my face… He took the oil and poured drips of oil onto its swollen head… the oild drips down the sides of his shaft, his cock started gistening in the daylight… 

“Mmmmmm, he moans… he started playing with his cock faster, his right hand going up and down in long, firm strokes… the sight of his cock, so thick and full of cum, being stroked up close just enough for me to have another wild orgasm… 

As he continued stroking himself, a few drops of precum appear on the head of his cock… “Do you want to taste me??”… he asked me… and I was waiting for that… I nodded yes… and I started my lick my lips around and made it wet… the act of me aroused him… he took hand and put it behind my head, lifted close to his cock… He stopped stroking himself and pressed his cock to my lips… I lashed my tongue out, lapping up the drops of warm precum, then I licked his head clean… around his long shaft… and I gave him a 4 or 5 quick sucks, wanting to taste more…


He was about to cum, he pulled away… I reached out once again with my tongue… and I layed my head back down on the pillow… He took his hand away from his cock, and put them on the side of my hips… “Turn over… “ He said… and pushed gently on my hips… I obliged and roll onto my stomach, knowing what he want to do to me… with my shoulders and face pressed against the bed, I then lift my hips high in the air, spreading my legs as I do, exposing me fully to you… he once again watched my wet pussy…

He grabbed the bottle once again and let the stream of warm oil pour between my ass and pussy, the drops flowing my over pussy, I reached my slit and started to finger fuck my pussy…. He then position himself behind me, placing his hands on my hips… he spread my buttocks apart, and run a finger in between, spreading the oil all over… he took his cock… and run his hard shaft between my cheeks, stroking me up and down.. keeping my cheeks spread, he pressed the swollen head of his cock onto my other opening… it puckers and tingles for him as the tip of his cock presses into it, I wiggle my ass against his cock, wanting me to push it in…

He pulled back, and said “No…” then he slide the head of his cock from my puckering hole to my wet pussy… I pulled my fingers from inside my slit and he press his cock inside my soft pussy lips… he leaned forward, and placed his hands on my shoulders, gently pinning them to the bed… and with one full stroke, he thrust his cock deep inside my quivering pussy from behind… I moan loudly as he did, and I closed closed my eyes tight… every long, thich stroke of his cock inside my tight slit made me moan louder and louder… I pushed my hips higher into the air and reached back with my hands and grab my thigh, spreading myself further for him, so that his cock slides in deeper… he reach around with one hand and find my throbbing clit… his fingers, wet and slippery from the oil, massages my clit back and forth, flicking over it, making it twitch… he rocks his hips back and forth, fucking and riding his cock as his fingers plays with my clit…

His cock, feeling so good inside my tight pussy, begins to swell with cum… he started storking faster and harder… his fingers slide and played with my aching clit, wanting to make it quiver and cum… I raised my shoulders off the bed and rested on my elbows… he reached up and grab my shoulders and pulled himself even deeper inside my pussy… he asked me to look back over my shoulders at him, so that i can watch he cum… I oblige, and turned my head back towards him… our eyes met and we focus on each other’s faces as our orgasms grow closer and more intense… the expressions on his face tells me, he wanted to cum… seeing that… I started moving faster and each thrust of cock made my hair sway over my face…

As he about to cum, he urged me to cum with him, to cum all over his cock… and with his fingers tweaking and ticking my wet clit, and his cock buried deep inside my pussy from behind, I started to cum on him…. My juices drip all over him, and I felt the walls of my pussy tighten as I did, squeezing his cock, pulling it in further… No longer able to hold himself back, he pushed himself as far inside as he can, and let his cock explode inside… he watch my pussy cums on his cock, loving the sight of his beautiful face in pure ecstasy… I looked back over my shoulders at him… wanting to watch as he pump load after load of warm, creamy cum inside my dripping pussy..

As we finished, I fall forward, collapsing onto my bed… he laid gently on top of my back, his cock still buried deep inside my pussy… he leaned in and kissed me on the neck and cheek… I smiled back warmly as I do, his eyes closed and content…

Then, it was a wait for another day and night.

Third day: We did it again. Luckily, Aparna-di didn't spoil my morning. So, we had a much longer massage (and fucking) session. Raja was supposed to return by the evening flight. How am I going to face him after all that had happened? Am I going to tell him everything? How do I start? I was getting more and more tense as the time of his arrival approached. I was waiting alone in the balcony, as his office car parked in front of our building.

Nandita had been successful in hiding the love bites she had received during her fuck-session with Bachchu. Her husband Raja was inwardly glad that Nandita had not wanted sex for a couple of days. He was totally ignorant of the ravaging his wife had received at the hands of his servant Bachchu. However, Nandita noticed the difference in the behaviour of her brother-in-law and her maid towards her. Her brother-in-law had become bolder and at the slightest pretext would brush his hands against her bum, breasts, arms. Nandita felt insecure in his company now, and tried to avoid him as much as she could. The maid had started demanding favours of Nandita, it had begun with small things like use of her lipstick, perfume, some money for a movie on her day off, but Nandita was aware that she could demand bigger things and then what should she do. He had no protection on, and she was scared that he may have impregnated her, after, all the semen Bachchu had pumped inside her. The thought of their wild fuck session would send Nandita's juices flowing. Nandita had loved the taste of cock, the act of sucking a prick, licking and feeling a man's balls greatly excited her. She had tasted two magnificent pricks, Raja's and Bachchu.

Nandita felt very guilty of her sexual tryst with Bachchu. She did not blame him, he had only taken advantage of her sexual weakness, she had been a willing and wanting partner. She felt fully satisfied with the fucking she had received but had resolved to never repeat such a dangerous game again. The every thought of the dangerous game sent her shivers in her spine, she finally decided to settle huge cash to bachchu and send him away. But bachchu was very reluctant to quit his job. Finally nandita made arrangements and offered him a job at her father’s place, She also promised him, that they can continue thier fantasy, whenever she visit her father place. Nandita was very happy, in making the arrangments, her mood had lightened considerably and the feeling of frustration gone. She took extra care in looking after her husband. She appointed a new cook in place of bachchu. She thought of repeating such a fuck-session, but with her husband. Her husband Raja was shy in these matters, however Nandita resolved to enhance their sex life by helping him to be more adventurous.

She started questioning Raja a lot to tell her all his past sexual escapades with his girlfriends. Raja had had no girlfriends and seemed reluctant to talk. On cajoling him, Nandita found out that he had been to whores before marriage and other than that, had no sexual experience. She also found out that he had thoroughly enjoyed fucking whores. Nandita asked him if he could fuck her while fantasising about her as a whore and not his wife. He said he could not. Nandita replied leave it to me. She cajoled him to accept this idea. It will be fun, I promise, she said. That evening when Raja returned home in the evening, he found Nandita in the bedroom looking like a whore. She had dressed in the thin-strap short dress of bra or panties. She had overdone her make-up and put on a bright red lipstick. She wore 6 inch stilettos and had sprayed perfume all over her body. She spoke to him while saying, " Cost you 1 grand for a blowjob, 5 if you want to put it in, 10 if you want to stick it in my arse and 20 if you want to me to stay all night".Raja was flabbergasted and speechless.

Nandita went on " I have'nt got all day, what's your answer, I can take my business elsewhere". Raja was still speechless. On hearing such talk from his prim-n-proper wife, Raja got very horny. He immediately grabbed her to kiss her. " Give me the rupees, nothing is for free”, saying this Nandita got free of him. " Nandita please I want to fuck you now" said Raja. But Nandita would not relent. Seeing her stubbornness, Raja opened his cupboard, took out 20 grand and slapped Nandita's face. Nandita started unzipping his pants and soon freed his semi-erect prick. Before Raja could realize, Nandita had taken his prick in her mouth and was busy sucking it, at the same time she was feeling and massaging his balls. Seeing his pretty wife with a cock in her mouth, Raja got very excited and could not control himself. He ejaculated in her mouth and soon went limp. Nandita had only just begun, seeing her husband's shrivelled cock she was disappointed at him coming so soon again.

She resorted to removing his clothes and nibbling, kissing and biting him all over. This went on for some time, Raja then pushed her aside and went for a shower. Coming out he had changed into a kurta n pyjama and wanted dinner. Nandita called the maid and asked her to bring their food in the room today. The maid seeing Nandita in that short dress again smiled knowingly at her. That night for the first time since returning from their honeymoon, Raja and Nandita had dinner by themselves in their bedroom. Nandita was feeling very horny, her cunt juices were flowing, her nipples prominently swollen. The idea of wearing this dress was making her feel sexy. Raja noticed the change in his wife. While he ate he reflected on this. He asked her if she felt dirty sucking his cock. On the contrary said Nandita, I loved it. Raja thought, how could such a pretty and neat person resort to sucking his prick. Had she done it before? This thought kept playing on his mind. He outright asked her if she had experienced this before marriage. Nandita blushed and promptly lied by replying " You think I was sucking cocks before I met you, you bastard". Raja, satisfied with her answer, did not probe any further. After dinner, they watched TV for some time and then got into bed at each other again. Nandita played with his balls and prick, while Raja was hungrily at her breasts. Nandita started sucking his prick again, but try as long as she did, it would not get fully erect again. Finally she gave up and they both slept the night away. Raja slept soundly, while Nandita tossed and turned in frustration. She had received no satisfaction. The fact of the matter being that since their honeymoon, she had not reached an orgasm with Raja. He came too quickly and then could not get it up again.


As the days passed, Nandita resorted to masturbation in the mornings to relieve her sexual frustration. But as further days passed, this too did not help especially having experienced such a thrilling and fulfilling sexual activity with Bachchu. She yearned for it again, but bachchu was away. It was at this juncture, when Nandita was most vulnerable that she got exploited again into something she would otherwise have never indulged in.

Nandita became very edgy and irritable. The maid noticed this and being a woman herself knew that Nandita was in need of a good fuck. One day in the morning after Raja had left, the maid came into her room and asked Nandita if she needed a body massage before having her bath. She added that her previous memsaab used to get massaged often by her before bathing. On hearing this Nandita agreed to give it a try. The maid who was named Meena asked her to lie face down on the bed and she would heat some oil and get the towels. On returning, Meena saw Nandita lying face down with her nightgown and night on. She told Nandita to remove them as the oil would spoil them, and she would too. Nandita had no undergarments on and went to the bathroom and changed into a bra and panty only. Nandita had indulged in fantasises about the maid Meena while masturbating at times and she felt excited at the thought of being massaged by her. On returning to the bedroom, she found that Meena too had stripped down to her bra and panty. She saw Meena had pretty lace bras and panties on and Nandita realized they were imported. In her mind she thought that these were definitely stolen from her previous job. Meena was a small breasted, dark-skinned petite girl. Meena too eyed Nandita in her undergarments, especially her heavy breasts that threatened to spill out of her bra. On seeing Meena stare at her, Nandita blushed and lay down on her stomach in bed. Meena began on applying oil to Nandita's shoulders and massaging them. She complimented Nandita on her flawless fair skin. She then unstrapped Nandita's bra from behind and started working on her back. Nandita felt real good at this womans touch and both of them chatted on, with Meena saying that none of her earlier memsaabs had such a lovely skin and figure. 

When her hands at last rested on my eager breasts and was pressing my hard erect nipples, I moaned loudly, expressing my passion, as she built up her strengths more and more. She started squeezing my breasts, moving both her palms all over them to make them slippery with oil. When she finished massaging my top half, I was so deeply engrossed in pleasure that it was difficult for me to leave it at that stage. I wanted more of it. Yes, in the lower part of my body. Yes, I wanted it, rather I was dying for it. And, I had to say at last, "Meena, it's wonderful. Now, I turned to her. My breasts were exposed. She was too excited and speechless. I was ready to gift my body to her. I looked at her panty. It was soaked with her cunt juice. The bedroom was filled by fragrance of sweet odour. She asked me to lie down on my stomach. My petticoat was the only garment that covered the lower part of my body and I didn't wear any panties, while I am at home. After I lay down on my stomach, Meena had to start her next part of the job.
