 PRELUDE

Nannette was driving to work on Monday morning and she was going mad in her car. The new outfit that Joe had bought her was driving her wild. She was wearing the bra with the openings for her nipples and they were rubbing against the coarse material of her blouse. Her nipples were elongated, rock hard and achy from the constant stimulation. She was also wearing the new crotch-less panty hose with a thong panty. It was a new feeling for her to have the thong between her buttocks. Her sensitive anus was stimulated by the material and her pussy was throbbing. She was also wearing the short wrap-around skirt and she was tempted to open it up and masturbate on the way to work.

She finally arrived at the building and went to the office as quickly as she could. Joe was already at his desk when she walked in, shut and locked the office door. He looked up and smiled, "Good morning."

He then sensed something was wrong. "Are you okay?"

"No, I'm not. I'm wearing the clothes that you bought me last week. My nipples ache so that I am ready to scream. My pussy is on fire and I need you right this instant."

"Okay, I don't have any client meeting until after lunch. I'll put the phones on forward to voice mail."

"I am so hot. I nearly pulled to the side of the road and masturbated." 

"Take off your clothes and let's have a look at you."

Nannette quickly removed her blouse and Joe noticed the swollen nipples. He had never seen them so aroused. Next she removed the short wrap-around skirt and put it with her blouse. She started to unfasten her bra but Joe stopped her. 

"No, leave that on. You look incredibly sexy with your nipples poking out. Now let's have a look at the rest of you." 

Joe moved over to the sofa in his office and sat down to admire Nannette in her new attire. He loved the way she looked in the crotch-less pantyhose. The hose stopped just below her buttocks and had side panels attached to the waistband. He had her turn around several times to look at her shapely bottom and neatly trimmed pussy. 

"Nannette, you look so erotic in this lingerie. The hose frames your ass like a work of art. Your ass always looks good but now it looks fantastic."

"Joe, please, I need you to take care of my pussy. It is on fire."

"Of course, lay down on the sofa," he told her as he removed all his clothes.

They had had sex many times in his office but she was never in heat like she was that morning. Joe knew she would cum quickly so he decided to eat her first before he fucked her. He moved between her legs and placed her legs on his shoulders. He lowered his face to her quim and she moaned loudly when his tongue danced over her clit.

Joe was a very accomplished cunt lapper, not that Nannette needed much at that moment. Within minutes she was cumming and drenching his face with her love juices. Nannette held his face lovingly against her quim as his tongued danced around her swollen clit. Her orgasm was intense and she had to muffle her cries of joy in her arm. They parted slowly and Joe looked at his lovely assistant sprawled out on the sofa. It was an erotic sight with her lower body framed by the pantyhose and the nipples peeking out through the bra.

"I douched my both ass and pussy this morning."

"Are you trying to tell me something?"

"Just that I am squeaky clean in case you want to use your tongue somewhere else."

"I see. Are you telling me that you would like me to rim your sweet anus and make love to your lovely bottom?"

"Only is you want to," Nannette replied with a giggle. 

Nannette moaned as she was turned over with her ass in the air. She knew what was coming and her heart began to pound in her chest. Joe knelt behind her taking in her beauty. Nannette was an attractive 36 year old woman with that dark Mediterranean look. She had an athletic figure with medium firm breasts, flat belly, shapely legs and a marvelous ass. She was 5'5" tall and weighed a very fit 130 pounds. A gasp escaped Joe's lips as he stared at her exposed ass. He leaned forward and kissed first one soft cheek and then the other. Nannette groaned as his lips left a trail of wetness, moving slowly across her soft buttocks. Joe smiled as goose bumps appeared on her smooth skin. Nannette was excited and ready for anything. She knew where this was heading and she trembled in anticipation but first she needed something else.

"Fuck my pussy first, I am so hot," she pleaded in a whisper.

Joe turned her around and she raised her knees to her chest exposing her lovely neatly trimmed pussy. Joe leaned in and kissed her inner thighs working his way toward her treasure dripping with desire. 

"Oh, I'm ready," Nannette called out as she gasped his head and pulled it away from her pussy.

Joe moved between her legs and his 7+" thick cock looked ominous around her twitching pussy. He aimed his shaft at her opening and slowly eased it into her womb. Nannette gasped loudly with the penetration that she experienced so many times. He moved slowly and steadily between her legs thrusting into her and keeping his cock in constant contact with her clit. Nannette was going wild and she knew that she would cum quickly. She felt the orgasm building and then she climaxed covering her mouth with the crook of her arm to muffle her cries of ecstasy. 

"Oh, hold me," she called out after her intense orgasm.

Joe pulled her up and held her as tremor ran through her body. He waited until the calm after the storm before his eased his cock out of her. Nannette lay back down on the sofa but not for long. Joe leaned back and turned her around. Once again he went to work in her lovely bottom. He smiled as he watched his beautiful assistant squirm in front of him. He loved to tease her. He would sometimes take an hour or more making love to her bottom. He loved the slow and sensual seduction.

"Oh God, Joe," Nannette moaned. "Please!" 

Joe gently nibbled the soft flesh. He stood back slightly and paused to take in the view. Her firm buttocks were perfect. His hands trembled as he reached out and caressed the soft skin. He again saw goose bumps rise on her cheeks and then run down the back of her thighs. Slowly, he opened her cheeks. Both of them moaned as Nannette's tiny rose was exposed. He stared in amazement. He loved looking at her puckered little hole. Nannette couldn't stop her hips from squirming as she felt his adoring eyes centered on her private place. Suddenly, she could feel his breath on her pulsing hole.

Joe's lips were so close that he could almost taste her. His tongue came out and he touched the little hole. He circled his tongue around the anus in a teasing fashion. When Nannette pushed her bottom back, he pulled away teasing her. Next he moved his tongue to the top of her buttocks before sliding it down one cheek and then the other, leaving a trail of his saliva.

Nannette was growing impatient. "Oh please don't tease me any longer!" she moaned as she felt Joe begin to lick her again. This time, his tongue started at the top of her crack and moved slowly downward, edging closer and closer. The excitement in the office grew when Joe's tongue moved between the cheeks. Finally his tongue touched the tiny aperture. 

"Yes!" Nannette groaned and pushed her ass back toward his tongue again.

Joe stiffened his tongue and pressed forward. Nannette screamed and her body began to shake.

Joe had done this to her countless times but every time seemed like the first. She felt his wide tongue separating her sphincter and slipping into her body. She moaned as she felt his tongue begin to move in and out of her slowly stretching hole. He could lick his wonderful assistant's ass for hours, but not today because he was too excited. When he pulled his tongue from her anus, it made a little pop as it closed. 

Suddenly, Nannette felt empty and her anus pulsed, as if it had a mind of its own. Joe went to his desk and took out a bottle of lotion and paper towels. He returned to her and thoroughly lubricated her anus and his stiff cock. He brought his now throbbing erection to the divide between her cheeks and rested at the top of her crack. He added saliva to his lotion covered cock which provided the necessary lubricant. 

The head touched the puckered rosebud and they both groaned. Nannette was going mad with desire now. She had to have it inside her. She pushed her hips up and back in desperation. Joe let the head touch the hole again as he pulled the cheeks even further apart. He centered the large head on her anus and pushed forward, gradually increasing the pressure. The tight sphincter resisted for a second before it opened up to receive him.

"Oh my God," Nannette moaned as the impossibly large head opened her hole. She concentrated, trying to relax. She knew that the head was always the toughest part. She held her breath and bit her lip. With a final push from her hips and Joe's, the crown slipped inside and air rushed from her lungs. The stretched muscles of her sphincter gripped the head below the mushroom head, trapping it in a warm vise.

"This is so good baby!" Joe moaned as he felt her anal canal open to welcome him. Slowly he slid in, inch by inch, pausing occasionally to let her adjust until finally, his swollen testicles touched her dripping vagina. He stopped moving as he always did, allowing Nannette to get used to the length and width of his large tool. The office was now silent but for their heavy breathing. It seemed like an eternity for both of them before he started to move. Finally when he felt she was ready he slowly but steadily moved in and out.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck my ass!" Nannette cried out is a raspy whisper.

Joe smiled at her urging and began to move his hips faster. It was always like this; once she loosened up he didn't have to be gentle any longer. He pulled his hips back to where only the cock head remained in her and then pushed forward sliding all the way into her with one thrust. 

Nannette cried out with incredible pleasure. She could feel every inch of his hot shaft as it slid past the sensitive nerve endings deep in her canal. Joe gradually began to move more rapidly until he was pounding into his assistant's tight ass without reservation. The sofa rocked beneath the two of them and the room filled with the slapping sound of skin against skin. 

"Oh Nannette, I'm going to cum," Joe moaned in warning.

"Yes, yes, yes, cum in me, cum in my ass!" Nannette begged as a strong climax overtook her. She could feel her anal canal pulsing and squeezing Joe's long shaft. Each of her contractions brought a return throb from his hot shaft. Suddenly, Joe grunted in pleasure and began to pump his thick sperm deep into Nannette's waiting hole. It felt like his balls were going to explode from the release of the building pressure. 

Nannette could feel it as always. She loved the sensation of the hot cum pouring into her canal. It was almost as if a soothing balm was being pumped into her ravaged hole. She gasped for breath until her climax began to wane. Finally, Joe fell across his insatiable assistant. Each convulsion made her sphincter squeeze a little more of his dwindling release into her hole. He sighed as the last drop was pulled into her already overflowing hole. He kissed her neck tenderly and whispered, "I love your ass." 

Nannette let out a big sigh in response. Gradually, Joe's penis lost its stiffness and slipped out of his assistant's bottom. He stood up and smiled down at her still trembling form. A trickle of his sperm dribbled from her hole and ran down her leg. Joe took the paper towels and caught his seed as it oozed out her anus. 

"Oh Joe, that got me so hot, I need to cum again. Eat my pussy, please eat my pussy."

She rolled to her back and he ate her pussy providing the relief she needed. Joe got dressed and Nannette put the wrap-around skirt back on leaving the thong panty off. She held up the blouse and looked at it for a few seconds.

"I can't wear the thong as it stimulates my clot and anus too much. I don't think I can stand this blouse rubbing my nipples all day. Do you have any suggestions?"

"Why not cut some small squares from the paper towel and cover you nipples."

"I like that, it should work."

"I wouldn't worry about the thong. No one will know that you are not wearing panties except me."

Nannette followed the suggestions and she made it through the rest of the day without any distractions. Tomorrow she would wear one of the other outfits that Joe had bought for her the previous week. In fact she would have a different outfit for each day of the week. 

THE SHOPPING TRIP

At 34 years old Joe was in great shape. He stood 6'1" and weighed a fit 180 pounds. His body was well toned and firm. He always kept his light brown hair cut short. He had left a large bank to join an investment banking firm and he was immediately successful. Nannette had worked at the bank for Joe's boss when their affair started and she had joined him as his assistant. They both had significant others but enjoyed their sex together and they kept their affair a secret.

Most of the time they had sex in the office and on busy days it was oral. If time was limited they would still have intercourse but they always remained partially clothed. Nannette always wore panty hose and sometimes it was awkward. Joe would lower her hose to her ankles and duck his head between her legs to eat her pussy. When he fucked her she had her legs straight up in the air with the ankles bound by the hose. 

The easiest sex was anal sex. Nannette would be on her knees with her dress draped over her back with her pantyhose lowered. Joe would grease her bottom and fuck her lovely ass. It was very rare that they were ever totally naked together. When they did have the opportunity to go to the interlude, then they would be completely naked. A few weeks ago, Joe got the idea for Nannette to wear different outfits to work.

"You know Nannette; I've been thinking that you might wear different lingerie to work."

"Really, what did you have in mind?"

"I think you should wear some different panty hose. Maybe crotch-less or you could wear thigh high hose with elastic tops. I'll take you shopping."

"Where, Victoria's Secret?"

"No, I have a special place in mind. It's about 90 minutes north of here but it is worth the trip."

"What's it called?"

"Let's have it be a surprise. We have a light day this Wednesday. We'll go then."

When the day arrived to go, she learned it was named Madame Bardot's Boutique. Joe said we would stop for lunch on the way. The boutique was not easy to find as Joe took a lot of turns after leaving the highway and Nannette got a sense that he had been there before. They finally pulled into the parking lot and she noticed that the building was very tastefully done. They got out of the car and entered the store where she got one of the biggest surprises in her life. There were at least six beautiful girls walking around waiting on customers and each girl was scantily clad. They were wearing panties with garters and hose and matching bras. There were very revealing bras showing a lot of cleavage and panties that hardly covered their gorgeous asses. Nannette was lost for words as she looked around the store and saw all the beautiful intimate wear and gorgeous sales girls. Just then a mature woman approached them.

"Oh Joe how good to see you, how have you been?" the woman said as she kissed Joe on both cheeks but they didn't really kiss they just made the sound and kissed the air as their cheeks touched.

Madame then turned to me and spoke, "Oh and you are Nannette, I have heard so much about you. You are most welcome here and I will see that your experience is one you will always remember."

Madame Bardot had a very heavy French accent and Nannette was to learn later that she was French Canadian and originally from Quebec. In fact all the models and salesgirls were from Quebec and they all spoke fluent French and English. All the girls had French names; Monique, Danielle, Antoinette, Jacqueline, Suzette, Bridget, Gigi and Michelle were the names that were introduced.

Madame told Joe that everything was arranged and then they spoke in French. It was the first time that Nannette ever heard Joe speak French and apparently he was quite comfortable with the language. She knew that he spoke conversational Italian and Spanish because he had spent time in those countries but speaking French was a surprise to her. Madame led them through the boutique into the back and into a very nicely furnished room with mirrors on one wall. She excused herself and told them that the models would join them in a few minutes. Joe told Nannette to have a seat while they waited and then he poured her a glass of white wine and himself a scotch on the rocks. He had apparently arranged to have the drinks available as it was her favorite white wine and his favorite scotch, Johnny Walker Black. Nannette relaxed in the comfortable chair and sipped the wine as they waited for the girls to join them.

"Nannette this will be a very special experience for you and it is best that you just go with the flow. The girls will be working with you to select your lingerie and outfits. This will be a full service experience for you and I ask that you be careful not to offend them. Just let them do what they have been trained to do," Joe told her.

Nannette had no idea what to expect and his explanation just raised her curiosity. What was the special service? What would the girls do to make it so special? What would she be expected to do in going along with the flow? Nannette would soon have the answers to her questions.

BRIDGET AND SUZETTE

Two models named Bridget and Suzette entered the room and then they closed and locked the door. Both of them were very pretty brunettes who could have passed for sisters. They were built similar and they looked to weigh no more than 100 pounds. They both had shapely figures with medium size breasts and very shapely bottoms. Bridget wore a white bra and panty set along with a white garter belt attached to white hose. Suzette was in stark contrast with her red and black bodice, red panties, red garter belt and black hose. They both wore heels that emphasized their shapely legs.

Bridget spoke first, "As we understand your needs today, you need clothing that will make it easier for you to have sex in the office. Is that correct?"

Nannette was a little surprised that Joe had supplied that information to Madame and she blushed as she replied, "Yes that is correct."

"Good, well let's get you undressed and then we will take some measurements," Suzette directed.

Nannette was surprised again that she was expected to undress in front of these girls and then have them take measurements of her naked body. But she remembered what Joe had told her so she stood up and started to unbutton her blouse.

"Oh no Nannette, allow us. We will undress you and dress you, this is part of our service," Suzette announced.

Bridget and Suzette then approached Nannette and began to remove her clothes. At this time Nannette was beet red from embarrassment but she went along with everything as Joe had told her. First they removed her blouse and then Bridget unhooked her bra. The bra had left marks on her skin which Bridget rubbed her hands on them soothing the skin. As she did that Suzette stroked Nannette's breasts and aroused her nipples. Suzette had a very seductive look about her as she rubbed Nanette's tits.

Bridget unfastened the skirt and let it drop to the floor. Nannette stepped out of it and Bridget then moved it out of the way with her feet. They looked at her standing there in her heels, pantyhose and panties. Nannette looked over at Joe and he was watching the three of them as he sipped his scotch.

"I can see why it is awkward to have sex in your office the way she is dressed," Suzette directed her comment toward Joe.
