 Why didn't I study harder in high school. Then maybe I wouldn't be taking these remedial math classes in the summer. I mean, I just graduated and I am supposed to be out partying with my friends before we all leave for college. But instead, I work at the pool in the morning, go to class in the afternoon, and do my assignments at night. It's just not right.

After my last test, I knew I was in trouble. Officially, I was flunking math yet again, and unless I improve my grades quickly, I was headed to the local army recruiter. Hell, Derivatives and Quotient Rule, who needs those in the real world anyway? I'll never need them to teach Physical Education and the only X's and O's football coaches use is for diagramming plays.

Professor Freeman was tough, sometimes I think he forgets that this is a remedial class anyway. But, I had to try something, and a little begging has got me through so far. So, why not, I made arrangements to meet him right after class. I knew it was a mistake right from the start. The unsympathetic look on his face as I pleaded my case made me stutter and stammer, not to mention break out in a sweat. When I was finished, Professor Freeman gave out a slight sigh and leafed through his grade book, with an eye-brow raised. "Study harder, Mr. Green, that is the only help I can give you," Professor Freeman intoned cryptically, "I've never given a grade that a student didn't deserve, and I most certainly won't start now!!!" "Good day, Mr. Green," he said acidly, "I have a lot of work to do!" My tail tucked firmly between my legs and my head down, I gathered my things and trudged out of the classroom. As I walked down the hall, thinking about proper marching form and how I will look with a bald head and wearing khaki. I turned the corner and ran directly into Mrs. White, a graduate student at Marshall and one of my substitute teachers from school. Books flew and papers scattered across the floor. "I'm sorry, Mrs. White" I said as I bent down and retrieved her things.

"That's ok, Rob." She said, "Something on your mind?"

"Well, sort of", I said as I continued to reach for papers and put them back in order.

"Is it anything I can help with?" she asked with concern.

I always enjoyed having Mrs. White as a substitute in high school, and so did the other guys. Not only did she know her stuff, but she was fairly easy on the eyes. She stood about 5'5" and weighed a little over 100lbs. She had light brown shoulder length hair, beautiful brown eyes, a cute little body and an ass that made it hard to concentrate on 20th Century American Literature. Someone told me once that she was 36 years old, but I didn't believe them.

"Unless you know something about math, I don't think so." I said

"Well, it is one of my better subjects." She replied.

Standing up and handing her books. "I am sorry, Mrs. White." I said. "But, Math is not one of my better subjects, actually it is kind of my worst and if I don't improve my grade, and soon, it's of to the army for me."

"Oh, no," she answered.

"Yeah, I need some help" Thinking quickly, I said, "Hey, do you think that you could maybe give me a little extra help, I mean, I'd pay you for your time!"

"Oh you don't have to pay me anything," she replied.

"Really?," I said.

"Really!," she replied. "just give me your book and mark the pages that you are having trouble with and I'll see what I can do."

The meeting was quickly arranged, with Mrs. White set to come over to the house tonight at 8:00 p.m. With my parents out of town for the week, visiting my aunt in St. Louis, it would give us a quiet place to study.

"Nice house," Mrs. White commented, while sitting down in the living room. She wore a pair of denim shorts and a plaid button-up shirt. Not exactly the outfit I was used to seeing her in. But with her summer tanned skin, she looked better that I had ever imagined.

"Thank you." I said as I placed my books on the coffee table.

"Now, Rob," she began, "what seems to be the problem?"

"Well, Mrs. White," I said, "it's just everything, I just don't seem to get it!"

"Please, call me Ellen," she offered, "let's find out exactly where you need the most work."

"Okay, Ellen," I said, while opening up my Calculus book, "why don't you come over here and we can go over some of this stuff!"

Mrs. White slid onto the couch next to me and waited until I stopped at the chapter on Derivatives. She looked at the chapter and asked me a few questions. Then she leaned forward picked up a tablet and wrote:

x^n = n x^(n-1)

and handed me the paper and started to explain. She took it slowly and for once I understood what was being asked. But I still had difficulty concentrating as I occasionally found my eyes leaving the paper and drifting to her cute little breasts. She would shift and I would return to the problem. After about 10 minutes I wrote:

= [e^(n ln x)] [n/x] = x^n n/x = n x^(n-1)

"Very Good!" she exclaimed. "But if you would spend more time on the problem and less time trying to look down my blouse you would have less problems."

Busted, I thought, as I blushed, but Mrs. White gave me a slight smile. She wrote down another problem and I worked through it, but made a few mistakes. She was nice, helping me through it and telling me to concentrate. I finally gave her an answer. "Yes!" she said.

"Rob, I think I have your learning style down." Mrs. White slowly ran her hand up her body, between her breasts, with her fingers coming to rest on her top button. She then gently unfastened it and said, "For each problem you get right, I will unbutton another button, but for each one you get wrong, you have to take something off."

Stunned, I didn't know what to say. I stammered, "r-r-really, ok."

"Yes" she said, as she leaned forward, picked up the tablet and wrote down ten more problems.

I missed the first two parts and already had my shoes off, but I got the second part and final answer correct so Mrs. White only had two buttons left. Just seeing her tanned skin and her cleavage protruding from the top of her black bra made it much harder to concentrate. But, hey, the pressure was on now.

By the time I finished the fifth problem was down to my shorts, underwear and necklace, while Mrs. White had her shirt completely unbuttoned, revealing her flat stomach. It was almost too much to take, as not only was I fighting concentration but a throbbing erection that I was trying my best to hide, without much success.

I answered all three parts of the next equation correctly forcing Mrs. White to stand up and let her shirt fall back off her shoulders, revealing her black Victoria's Secret bra, tanned skin and sexy stomach. Then she leaned forward and removed her shoes. "I don't think you're finished? She said as she gestured to the paper.

I correctly finished questions 7 and 8, and Mrs. White slowly removed each sock. But as I looked at questions 9 and 10 my eyes nearly melted. They were very advanced. "Is there a problem Rob?" She asked with a sly smile.

"No, not at all." I said and persistently forced my concentration.

I missed the part one of the first question and slowly slid my shorts down my legs and kicked them to the center of the room. I sat back down, now unable to conceal my bulge in my briefs. I worked the problem and handed the paper to Mrs. White. She looked it over, smiled and stood up and unfastened her denim shorts, bending over she pushed them down her legs to reveal her matching black panties. It was almost more than I could take, as she stepped out of them and kicked them to the side. "One more" she said, as I turned back toward the paper.

I looked at the equation and it finally made sense to me. I took my pencil, smiled and worked straight through the problem in under two minutes. I flipped the paper to Mrs. White and smiled. She looked it over and said excitedly "you understand!!!"

"Yes!!!!" I yelled as I jumped up and threw my arms into the air in celebration.

Mrs. White jumped up and threw her arms around my neck. "I knew you could do it Rob." She squealed and pressed her lips against mine. I embraced her tightly, my hands pressed against her bare skin and returned her kiss letting my tongue slip into her mouth and gently touching hers. She responded with a deep kiss with her full passion. After about a minute she pushed away and took a step back. "I knew you could do it." She said as she reached back and unfastened her bra leaned forward and letting it fall from her arms. Her cute breasts fell out and I was struck by the moment. She then slid her thumbs inside of her black panties and began to push them down, slowly at first, teasing. I was ready to explode as she pushed them over her ass. An ass that I had looked at many times over the last four years, an ass that I had fantasized about, an ass that had probably dropped my grade from a B to a C. She pushed her panties down over her neatly manicured pubic hairs. Then she let them softly fall to the floor. I stepped back and took in the sight of her beautiful body. A schoolboy's fantasy comes true. Mrs. White stepped forward and placed her hands on my hips. She put her thumbs inside of my waistband and gradually pushed my briefs down over my now bulging cock. She knelt down in front of me running her hands down my legs until my briefs lay pooled around my ankles. She leaned up and took my cock in her hand and moved in closer. She stroked gently in front of her face examining me closely. Then she leaned forward and took me into her mouth. She trolled her tongue around my head and took me into the back of her mouth. I watched as my cock slid in and out of her lips. Her saliva glistening over my shaft. It was almost more than I could take. I mean a lot different from high school girls kissing my throbbing head in the back seat on a Friday night.

After a few minutes, she stopped stood up and led me to the couch. We sat down beside each other and again started kissing. As we kissed, I let my hand roam all over Ellen's breasts, kneading and cupping them, making her moan as I tugged on her tight nipples.

I ran my hand up her thigh, my fingers barely grazing her pussy. I nearly came as she moaned softly and opened her legs a little allowing me to thrust a finger into her wetness. When she was close to an orgasm, I withdrew my fingers slowly, licked them off, and kissed her again.

I sat up on the couch, my cock, standing straight in the air. Mrs. White climbed onto his lap, straddling my thighs, and lowered herself down onto me. She didn't move at first. She just held him inside of her, squeezing me firmly with her pussy. I cupped her tits in my hands, pushing them together and sucked her nipples, first one then the other. Running my tongue between her beautiful breasts.

"Oh baby. . ." I whispered as she began to slide up and down his hard shaft. She rode me hard and fast, as I shoved myself deep inside of her. "Oh yes," I groaned. "fuck me. . .Ellen, fuck...me"

As I approached my orgasm, I kissed her harder, more passionately reached around and grabbed her ass. Holding her tightly as she rose and lowered her body into mine. Her pussy began to contract involuntarily, squeezing me in sharp pulses. As my orgasm swept over me, I moaned, crying out her name, my body shuddering with the sheer pleasure of it. I felt my each jet of hot cum leave my body. Good it felt so good. 

"Mmmmm, Rob that was so good. . ." she moaned, slipping her tongue once again into my mouth and kissing me deeply.

After a while we both got dressed and she left. That was the first of my tutoring sessions. And by the way, I got a 97% on my next test.