 My name is George. My wife and I are both 58 and I invested my redundancy money in a small shop two years ago which is doing OK. We open 9.30 -- 4.30 6 days a week and trade is quite good so we decided to take on extra help this year. We've got a Saturday girl, Anna, who does the hard slog on our busiest day, and we've got a lady during the week to cover the lunchtime period, 10-2 in fact. Her name is Jenny and this works well for her as she has two young kids at school and as my wife is fairly flexible we can cover for her when she has to take time off for the kids. In school holidays we bring in another schoolgirl to rotate with Anna who appreciates the chance of extra money. 

Jenny is 34 and not bad looking. She has a great figure to say she has had 2 kids, she's about 5'2" with shoulder length brown curly hair and a good pair of tits which are about size 38, a contributing reason to me taking her on. She's not what you would call well qualified but she is very sensible and pleasant, and being a former receptionist she speaks very well. Although me and the wife don't have sex all that often, I often regularly fantasise about having sex and certainly notice the attractive customers that walk in. When it's quiet my attention turns to Jenny, as I admire her curvaceous figure, pretty face, nice hair, and large bosom. 

I've often wondered what she would be like topless, or whether she switches from her prim and proper, yet helpful, service mode when she's in bed. We have a casual dress code and I've often had the pleasure of glancing down Jenny's tops as she bends to re-stock our lower shelves, or leans on the counter to check a delivery note. Her full smooth--skinned breasts enticing me to look closer for longer. I notice her nice bottom when she wears jeans or trousers, and occasionally her skirts are above the knee with the hemline going further up when she bends down or when she sits in the rest room. 

Our rest room area consists of a separate toilet and basin, a kitchen unit and sink, with a kettle and microwave, and an old sofa. 

We occasionally do stock taking on a Sunday but my wife made a big thing about not wanting to do the next one because we constantly disagreed with each other on the last one, telling me I could struggle on my own. Jenny asked if she would be paid if she helped, no doubt wanting to recoup some of the lost wages due to having time off to look after one of her kids during the week. 

"Single time" I said, not wanting to pay double time for something I've never had to pay for before. "OK", she said. 

Sunday came and I opened up, closely followed by Jenny who was as bright and cheerful as ever. We left the blinds down as we didn't want to give the impression we were open to any casual shoppers. I normally wear a shirt and tie but today wore a polo shirt, jeans and shoes, as well as socks and underpants of course. Jenny wore a pretty white short sleeved blouse, with a slightly plunging neckline. Her skirt came to just below the knee and was a blue and white patterned print skirt, the sort that you can see through if it was against sunlight, and white slip-on sandals. 

I could see her bra straps through her blouse and assumed she had panties on of course. 

We started sorting things out and worked really well. This was much better than working with my wife, as Jenny agreed with every decision I made and we both got a sense of achievement out of our work. We had a snack and a well deserved cup of tea as we finished up. 

I started looking through some old birthday cards that we decided to sell at giveaway prices and began laughing at the jokes. Jenny joined in and we were soon in fits of laughter. We stood up to put the cards back into a box on the kitchen worktop and I commented that it was nice to be happy in our work. Jenny said that she couldn't be happier with this job and that she appreciated how well we treated her, allowing her time off without notice and without putting her job at risk. 

I put my hands on her waist, still happily smiling from reading the cards, and said "I cant think of a more perfect assistant." 

"Oh thank you," Jenny replied. 

I then realised I had my hands on her waist, Jenny looking at me as though to ask me what I was going to say next if I wasn't going to take my hands off her. 

"Errm, no, I mean, you are really, really nice," I mumbled, still with my hands holding her waist. "Thank you," she blushed and smiled. 

I smiled back, thinking at least she hasn't told me to keep my hands to myself - yet. 

"Sorry, you probably think I'm a silly old fool," I said. 

"No, of course I don't, why would I think that?" Jenny replied. 

"So you don't think it's silly for an old man to like a young attractive woman like you," I tried to flatter. 

"You're as young as the woman you feel," Jenny laughed, quoting one of the cards we had just read. 

I laughed too, still keeping my hands on her waist. The laughing subsided, "So you really like working here then?" I asked. 

"Yes, its great," she quietly replied. 

"And the people?" I asked. 

"I get on well with your wife," she replied. Was this suggesting I had better watch my step? 

"And me?" I asked. 

"Yes, I think I get on well with you as well," she continued. 

"I think you and I get on extremely well, don't you?" I asked. 

"Yes, I suppose we do," she responded, looking slightly apprehensive. 

"I certainly think the world of you, young lady," I said as we looked at each other, our smiles having completely disappeared. 

"Oh," she said, but nothing more. 

I looked at her for a few more seconds and then leant my head forward. She seemed to move her neck and I briefly wondered if she was trying to avoid me. But I successfully engaged her lips with mine. Sliding my hands to the back of her waist as I kissed her, I paused briefly in case she wanted to object, but without allowing too much time I kissed her again, and to my delight she returned my kiss. 

"You're lovely," I broke off to say. 

"Oh," she smiled before I kissed her again. 

This time pulling her slightly towards me, feeling her breasts settle against my chest. Her hands had come to rest on my arms as we kissed a few more times, and then I moved my right hand to cup her left breast. 

"Ohh, George," she gasped, realising what I was going to do, and in fact did. 

"You're lovely," I repeated, as I continued to gently fondle her superb breast. 

"George," she gasped, before I stopped her talking by giving her another kiss. 

Her right breast was crushed against my chest as I continued to fondle her gorgeous left breast, her nipple gradually stiffening in reaction to my thumb massaging it, my left hand tightly round her waist and stroking her back. As she gasped her warm breath into my mouth I offered my tongue, and was rewarded with a tingling sensation throughout my body as her tongue met mine. 

"George," she broke off with a smile. 

"Oh, Jenny love, you're not going to tell me you think I'm a dirty old man after all are you?" I hopefully asked. 

"No..." she started before I stopped her with a kiss yet again. 

She kissed back and I slipped my left hand under the bottom of her blouse, making her gasp again as I felt the smooth bareness of her back with my hand. Moving upwards I grabbed her bra clasp and she gasped yet again, allowing me to force my tongue into her mouth as I easily unclipped her modern bra. 

"Ohh, George," she breathed. 

But I wasn't stopping to enter into conversation. I moved my left hand round her side under her blouse, feeling the warm softness of her ribcage, her loosened bra on the back of my hand unable to stop my advancement to her right breast. At the same time I had dipped my right hand and brought it up under the left side of her blouse, as I simultaneously took hold of both her perfect naked tits. "Ohh," she loudly called out as she threw her head back, her mouth open wide as I eagerly fondled the most perfect pair of tits I have ever set eyes upon. Whenever she seemed to be pulling herself together I gave a tighter squeeze of her tits and pinched her nipples, causing her to resume her breathless gasping. My dick wanted to join the action as it painfully pressed against the inside of my jeans, as I pondered what I should do next so as not to spoil my chances of having her. 

I lifted her bra and blouse upwards, completely exposing her fantastic tits, and then kissing her as I went to pull my shirt off. 

"Uh," she grunted, confused that I'd knocked her hands away by my pulling off of my shirt. 

I quickly grabbed her and pulled her towards me, kissing her as I felt her lovely bare tits against my bare chest. She put her hands up to my shoulders as I pressed her bottom, her stomach unable to miss the hard-on between us. Her mouth opened and I immediately inserted my tongue. I think she was going to say something but soon dropped all such thoughts as her tongue began participating with mine. 

Her skirt had an elasticated waist and I took hold of both sides and began to push it down. 

"George, no," Jenny softly gasped. 

"Don't tell me you hate me after all," I falsely pleaded. 

"We cant," she almost cried. 

As her arms were still on my shoulders I used my upper body to guide her near to the sofa. Leaning into her, she began to lose her balance and tightened her grip around my neck. As she began to slowly fall backwards I pushed her skirt and panties right down to her knees, exposing her fantastic figure and even more fantastic little black bush of hair between her legs. 

"Oh George, we cant," she called out loudly. 

"We can if we really like each other and can keep this to ourselves," I urged. 

She had lost her grip of my neck as she lay on the sofa, attempting without a chance to grab her disappearing skirt and panties as I knocked her sandals off when I pulled them past her feet. Almost stark naked beneath me she pleaded "George, we cant." 

"I wouldn't do this with Anna because that's the sort of childish thing she'd say, but you're a gorgeous sensible adult woman," I reasoned, looking at her confusedly digesting what I had just said as I quickly undid my jeans and pushed them down with my underpants. 

"But, but," Jenny started as her eyes widened as she saw my big hard dick waving at her from between my legs. 

Deciding I hadn't time to take my clothes completely off I lowered my self on top of her. "Geoooorge," she squealed as I pinned her underneath my body. 

She tried one last "George, we cant," before I kissed her and started to feel her naked body. Supporting myself slightly with my left arm I ran my right hand up and down her body a few times before sliding it between us. Finding her little hairy pussy I began stroking the hair with my fingernails. 

"Oohh," Jenny laughed as she arched her back slightly, and then began to moan. 

I kissed her and then placed a finger on each side of her pussy, feeling the velvety smoothness before gently opening her lips. I then slid both my fingers into her sexy little cunt. She gasped and grabbed my neck with both her hands and I then plunged my tongue down her throat. Having a good feel inside her already wet cunt made my dick jerk with impatience. And who could blame it with this absolutely gorgeous in every way, young married woman, 24 years my junior, laying there waiting to be fucked by her boss. 

I began to move my legs between hers. 

"Oh no," she gasped, but never made any request to stop as she realised the inevitable was about to happen and she was going to have sex with her randy old boss. I remember thinking that if I had known a perk of running a small business was having sexual intercourse with your prettiest member of staff, I would have jacked my job in years ago. 

I decided to have one last good feel of her before having her. That's a strange term I thought, having her. What exactly am I having? I'm having the woman of my recent fantasies, the mother of two young kids, the previously faithful wife of a man I've never met, the trusted assistant of me and my wife, a woman who's young enough to be my daughter or daughter-in-law if I had children. But whatever I wanted to call her, I was damn well going to have her. 

I forced her knees wider as I took complete control of her and my dick found the entrance to her warm wet cunt without me having to use my hand. I lay on top of her and kissed her neck, her sweet perfume wafting up my nostrils. 

"Oh god, I don't believe I'm doing this," she whispered. 

And then "Oh god, ohh," as my dick finally entered her. 

"Ooooohhhhhh, oh god, oh god, oh god," she continued to gasp as I forcefully pushed my dick all the way into her delightful cunt, and I allowed myself a little smile as I savoured the nakedness of my beautiful married young assistant laying beneath me waiting for me to start fucking her anyway I wanted to. 

I began to fuck her slowly as her arms clung around the top of my shoulders. I guessed my dick was probably bigger than she was used to and she was holding on until she got more used to it inside her. After a little while I started to increase the pace, trying to control my feelings as my dick thrust deep into her lovely cunt. I eased my self off her for a while as I began to thrust faster into her and Jenny was moaning "Ohg, ohh, uhh, oh, orr, orr, arr, ohh," as she began to respond to my every thrust. 

"Oh that's so good darling," I broke the silence, as I watched her whole body being shaken by my hard fucking of her. 

"Oh, George, ohg, ohh," Jenny uttered between thrusts. She was obviously enjoying being fucked like this herself as she began to thrust her hips and pelvis in time with my movements. I lifted Jenny's right leg and then Jenny rested both heels on the back of my buttocks as my dick relentlessly pounded into her. She was giving me a really good fucking and I tried to delay my ejaculation by thinking of something else, like I wonder what my wife is doing while I'm having fantastic sex with our posh-talking young assistant who cant add up without the till, or what's Jenny's husband and kids doing while wifey and mummy is completely naked and letting her dirty old boss have the best fucking of his life while she moans with pleasure and writhes around under him. After about two minutes of fucking her hard like this I suddenly called out "orrgh" as my buttocks tightened and I gave Jenny a handful of slow deliberate thrusts, pumping my load into her pretty little married cunt while I held her naked body tightly. 

"Ohh, ohh," Jenny gasped as I rammed my dick hard into her, squeezing her as I finally fucked her. 

I filled her with semen before collapsing on top of her. We lay still for a while, my cock still inside her, both gasping for breath after our exertions. I gently kissed her and stroked her body, amazingly realising my dick was going hard again. It hadn't done this in years. 

"My dicks going hard again, shall we do it again?" 

"George," Jenny laughed, but said nothing more. 

I raised myself to arms length above her and began moving my dick in and out of Jenny as she stretched her hands to my neck and smiled up at me, her cheeks redder than I'd seen them before. 

Her breasts gently shuddering to my every thrust. Jenny kept smiling and then kept closing her eyes and opening her mouth in appreciative gasps of pleasure as I once more drove my stiff dick deep into her cunt. 

Jenny began biting her bottom lip and closing her eyes tightly as I kept up the pounding of Jenny's sexy cunt once again. Jenny began moaning loudly, "ohhh, orrr, orr, oh yes, oh yes, I'm going to come, yes, yes, oh yes, I'm, I'm, Oh I'm coming, oh yes, ohhhhhhh, ohhhhhh, oooohhhhhh," getting loader until the last two were screamed out. 

The fantastic sight of seeing her tits wobble and my dick thrusting into her had totally aroused me again and I dropped onto her and began ramming her faster than I ever thought I could. The sofa was now creaking under our frantic humping. I let out another groan as I slowed down slightly, pumping yet another load of semen into her. She held onto me as she let me finish fucking her once again, before I sloped off her, a wet patch appearing on the sofa cushion where our mixed juices had overflowed her little cunt. 

We started to get dressed, "I'd better be going home," she said sheepishly. 

Not knowing what to say, and not knowing if she'd ever come back to work for me, I said "by the way I'm going to say that you did such a fantastic job that I'm giving you double pay for the time you've been here, and a rise." 

"Thanks," she smiled. 

We eventually left and although I still let her know I fancy her we haven't been in a situation where I can try to see if she will be receptive to my advances. But I'm not retiring yet.