 He looked at her with an intimidation she could not fail to acknowledge. It was apparent to her that he had something he wanted her to know but was hesitant about it. She stayed silent and patiently waited.

Her heart felt like it was beating faster and faster with each passing second. He sat down across from her, a little too close for her comfort, but she was afraid to make a sound, in fear that any peep would silence his attempt to unravel something she felt she always needed to hear, but never validated.

"I-I have been wanting to ask you something. But, I have tried to put the question in the right words. I am aware that I can sometimes seem very obtuse and almost uncaring, but I can assure you that is not the real case." He paused as if searching for his words, his breath shallow. "It's- hard for me to admit my feelings, and I wished it had gone away many times over the years, but no matter what I do or how I turn things around this way and that, I am still so fascinated by you. I find you have bewitched me just as much as you did my own friend. The time you disappeared, I was heartbroken. Yes, I hated seeing my friend in such despair, but also because I feared I would never see you again."

He laughed. "I scolded myself for having any intimate affections towards you; you and your awkwardness. Your uncomfortable self-conscious demeanor about your tall figure. You are timid and awkward. But you are also beautiful, and admittedly I have fantasized about you more than once. I fantasize about you to this day, and have been for years. Your loveliness, your beautiful figure. I have fantasies about how your full lips would feel on mine. The few times our fingers touched, I shuddered at the softness of it. I always wished I could hold your hand, but was always happy to have a brief contact with your warm skin, even if it was just for a moment. I have never wanted anyone so much. You're the one thing in the World I want most but also the only thing I cannot have. I long to have you. I want to feel your small breasts cupped within my hands, your pointy nipples pressing against my palms. It makes me hard just picturing the vision of your cunt, and imagining the smell of its delicious, faint perfume. If I could ever get the chance to involve all my senses in your cunt-to taste, smell, touch and feel it- I would die a happy man. 

"You are my fantasy, my drive, and my dilemma. I will never get over you. I tried, I tried everything! I looked at all your flaws, and tried to come to terms with seeing you in a judgmental light, to be repelled or disgusted by you, but all I found myself doing is hating only myself, for lusting after you with so much passion and ardor, it keeps me up at night. I always wonder and hope, my love, if there would be a moment in the future I would have you all to myself, if only for a day. No one to claim you, or say you're theirs. Just one day where I could have you all for myself, with no hint of regret or hesitation. To make love to you over and over, so for once in my wretched life I could experience the embodiment of Heaven, which you represent to me. But that is only in my dreams, where my most personal and intimate fantasy expressions my subconscious knows all too well, play out over and over again, tormenting me. I cannot hide from it. Every other night it haunts me with the vision of you and everything I want from you. Oh, what bliss I would feel to cum inside your pussy over and over, to fill you up, to feel you all around me. I want to fill you up! I long to ravish you, to taste you, and violate you if I could! Oh, I wish I could! Now, even now! If ever I am given the chance, I would savor every part of you, and even then I'm not even sure that would be enough to satisfy my hunger for you."

The silence after that was deafening. She stared at him in shock and amazement. The clocks ticking in the corner seemed a lot louder than normal as they sat in silence, staring at each other, waiting for another word to be outed. She swallowed and managed to say,

"What was your question?"

He seemed amazed that he even forgot to ask the one question. He had been waiting for the right moment to ask. His eyes looked toward one part of the floor to another, and darted right back toward her. "My question was, how do you feel toward me?" He licked his lips.

"And please don't say something to keep yourself from speaking the truth. I am not searching for any sort of hindrance on the necessity to keep things friendly. I merely ask to have my own feelings validated with yours."

She smiled, "But this has come at such a shock-"

"Is it really so surprising to you that I want you so much? All in all, you are a beautiful woman. People have told you your whole life. Are you going to let yourself sit in limbo on your true feelings?"

"You know I can't."

"Because of him?"

"Yes. And neither can you. This is just wrong."

He looked at her and traced his eyes over the contours of her face.

He wanted her more now than he did a few minutes ago. Her resistance was a turn-on. She had such an innocence about her that made him feel he was trying to seduce a virgin. She was sweet and her soft voice going perfectly with her angelic nature. Oh, but how he wished to see her frazzled! Oh, he was being tortured, sitting here directly in front of her, and keeping his whole being from grabbing, and effortlessly ripping off her shirt and unbuckling her bra. He imagined shoving his hand down her short jean shorts and fingering her small, moist pussy. He couldn't. He had to respect her. He had to wait when she was ready. He prayed she would be soon.

He fucked more than one girl since he had known her. But they were nothing to him. He needed the distraction from his obsession with her. More than once, he would cum and scream her name. None of his flings liked that very much and he was scolded every time. But he couldn't help it. He saw her face instead of theirs while he penetrated them. The longing was so unbearable he wasn't sure how much longer he had until he lost his mind. He needed her. He needed her now.

"His friendship is second to how much I want you."

She looked at him suspiciously, "So, you just want to fuck me? Just a roll in the hay?"

"You know I want more than that."

"What makes you think I'll let you fuck me?"

"Because I have seen you staring at me when you thought I wasn't looking. I have seen your jealousy when you saw me with other women. You are transparent to me. I can read you like a book."

She looked down and blushed, "If that were true, what would make this deception toward him worth this lay?"

He looked at her and uttered silently, "He has fucked other women while he was with you."

She looked at him, almost shocked, and in complete anger and disgust she groaned, "You sneaky bastard! You intend to get what you want by feeding me lies!? How dare you!"

She got up in a split second and stomped toward the hotel room door. "I thought you were a friend! Now you are willing to betray me and your friend, my boyfriend!"

"I have proof!"

She turned around and stared at him menacingly, "What do you mean?"

"I have pictures of him with other women. I found his other social media profile last week and saw him in the arms of other women."

She turned around to him, "Show me."

"Under one condition."

"What?"

"That you promise not to leave this hotel room without me with you."

She looked at him and repeated in a low whisper, "Show me, and I'll make my decision then."

He got up and walked toward her. She stood there, transfixed. All she could think about was how much she wanted him too, and how surreal this moment was. She was trying so hard to hide it. But he clearly saw that she wanted him too.

He carried his phone in one hand, ready to show her the evidence. She suddenly felt her anger toward him dissipate. She was angrier at herself for choosing the wrong man. She should have dumped her boyfriend a long time ago, and gone out with him, the one she really wanted. Yes, she met her boyfriend first. And yes, she did love her boyfriend in the beginning. But when she met him, her love transferred to him, and she wanted him more and more. And the more she fought against it, the more she wanted him.

"I have it all here, take a look," he explained as he lifted up his unlocked smartphone.

She peered down toward his phone, and he showed her.

She didn't care anymore, but she went through the notions anyway to fulfill her validations on her boyfriend's affairs.

This had all been leading them up to this point in their relationship. Her boyfriend had been cheating on her. Was it really a big deal? Not really. Not to her. And certainly not to the one in front of her right now.

And there it was, just as clear as day on Samuel's phone. Random pictures of her boyfriend with his arms around other women, playing as if he were a faithful boyfriend to each and every one of them. He wore a big smile; his actions led him to feel no guilt or shame.

She suddenly wondered what she saw in her boyfriend in the first place. This man, whom she had been steadily dating for at least few years, suddenly meant nothing to her. She wasn't angry or sad or resentful. She felt nothing.

When she was over swiping through the pictures he had saved in his camera, she swiped once more, and saw a picture of herself. It was one of her social media profile pictures. She swiped again. The next picture was of him and her when they attended a mutual friends barbecue at a Sunday outing. One more swipe and it was her again, when they went to the beach together. But that one was one he took when she didn't notice. She was sitting on the sand, staring at the waves. In the picture, she was completely spellbound by the picturesque horizon, didn't seem to notice anything else.

He put his phone away and stood there, silent for what felt like an eternity.

"I will wait as long as you want to, Anna. We do not have to do anything you are not prepared to do. I love you too much to rush you."

She smiled, "Samuel, I have waited long enough."

She threw her bag on the cheap chair by the coffee table on her left, and slowly took off her jacket, also throwing it on the chair.

He watched her. A mixture of surprise and relief flowing to his eyes. She was pleased to see this. He inched closer to her and in a quick swoop, grabbed her body and pressed it against his. She was too overwhelmed to speak now.

"I am going to kiss you now. Everywhere," he whispered softly in her ear. She shivered.

She felt his hot breath on her cheek as he looked her in the eyes. His hazel eyes crimson and mysterious under the dim light of the room lamps. His full mouth pressed against hers. She felt his breath as he sighed and opened his mouth onto hers. She allowed him.

His passionate kisses made her melt into his strong embrace as he engulfed her essence. It felt like a warm pool of water surrounded them. His delicious perfume filling her nostrils as she got lost in him.

His kisses turned more and intense. She felt him lift both his hands up to her face, and cradle it as if he were holding something delicate.

Suddenly, he stopped. Her eyes were still closed as she stood mesmerized by his lips. She did not dare open it right away, but she felt his stare.

She slowly opened her eyes to meet his, only inches away. She saw in him satisfaction. She saw his lips. He was smiling! She felt her own lips curl upward in response. "All this time, I was too chicken shit to see what I was missing. But I can't take you here. In this cheap motel. You are worth far more to me than this."

She smiled at him and muttered, "Shut up."

She began kissing him again, more rough this time. He hesitated and then instantly gave in. "Oh God, I can't wait another second! I need you now!" She thought as she clawed at his hard chest, his beautiful figure shaping the contours of his plain, white t-shirt. She reached down and rubbed his groin beneath his blue jeans. He groaned under her touch. He was hard and ready for her, she could feel it! That excited her even more.

Samuel used his hands to feel the shape of her breasts. His moans growing louder as she unbuttoned his blue jeans and unzipped him. He gently grabbed her shirt and pulled it off from over her head. Then, he unfastened her bra with ease. His lips still glued to hers, he couldn't get enough of her. Because he couldn't. Not now. Not ever.

Anna took her hand and put it on his chest, pushing him gently away from her. She looked at his confused expression and gave him a mischievous grin.

Her perky breasts bouncing slightly as she turned away from him and walked to the center of the room. She turned to look back at him over her shoulder as she removed her shorts, exposing her toned figure. He looked at her hungrily. His sex bulging out completely from his boxers. He started to touch himself as he licked his lips and looked her up and down. She had now removed her small thong and was completely naked. "A Goddess," he thought.

"You are so beautiful, this is torture," he uttered. She let out a soft giggle.

She made her way to the bed. Her eyes never leaving him, as she sat on the end of the queen bed. She laid down, propped halfway on her elbows. Her legs slightly parted. She looked at him and motioned him over with her head, "Come here."

Samuel watched her prop her feet wide apart on the edge of the bed. Her sex now in full view. The soft curls on her womanhood moist and ready for him. Her box plump and glistening, almost beckoning him to put his mouth on it and taste its nectar.

He made his way as if in a trance and kneeled down in front of her open legs. Her sex hot and moist, now inches away from his face. He did not pause as he opened up his mouth and his nose as he inhaled her delicious aroma and drank in her sweet juices. Her beautiful womanhood so receptive and open for him devouring it, like a hungry animal in need of succor.

Samuel was so focused and captivated with this experience, he almost didn't hear her loud and beautiful moans of pleasure. To him it was like a religious experience. The feel of the softness of her labia in his mouth. Her womanhood pulsating with each tremor of pleasure she felt when he penetrated her with his tongue and sucked on her petite clitoris.

"Oh my God! Oh! Ahhhhh!" She moaned. Her nipples hard and sensitive. She felt her clitoris engorge with blood as it became more and sensitive each moment he put his hot mouth on it. The dance his tongue was doing on her small clitoris was driving her wild, and the more aroused she got, the harder and more ready he was.

"Please, go inside me. Ravage me!"

Samuel finished licking his new favorite place, and obeyed her like the Queen she was to him.

He lifted her effortlessly toward the middle of the bed. Her body crushed under his weight as he parted her legs and drove himself deep inside of her.

"Aaahhh!" They both screamed as her box swallowed in his engorged manhood. He twerked back and forth rhythmically, pushing into her moist box. She gripped him more and more tight making it almost unbearable for him not to cum right away.

Her fingertips pressed into his back flesh as he pounded into her, cradling her head within his hands as he continued kissing her. At this moment, nothing else existed, nothing else mattered but being unified: two people into one form. Shaking and sweating with each penetration into deep ecstasy and divinity of the flesh. Their lovemaking a connection to anything and everything that was once impossible in their lives made possible with each gasping breath and pleasure-induced shriek.

And then he couldn't take it any longer. With one prolonged scream of ecstasy, he spilled out his warm juice into her box. She felt his manhood pulsating rigorously inside of her. And for a moment, when their moans quieted down, they lay there, side by side.

After a long pause, and blissful stares upward, Samuel and Anna turned their heads to face one another. And just like that, they both laughed in unison. Their laughter filled with an unrelenting happiness. They were relieved, they were fulfilled, and they had each other.

But their break didn't last long. Samuel was ready for 'his Anna' again. As he started kissing her beautiful face, he was once again hard and wanting to fill her up again.

After a long wait between the both of them, they spent the whole night, restless in their lovemaking.