 The sunlight filters through the curtains as I stretch and open one eye. Groaning at the unwanted intrusion, I sit up and rub my eyes, casting a glance at you lying next to me... still sleeping, looking so peaceful and boyish. Faintly I smile, remebering the passion of the night before, knowing how deep our desire pulled us... together... spiraling toward a climax we could only know with each other. 

Slipping from the bed taking care not to wake you, I softly pad out of the room and downstairs. I start a pot of coffee and walk out to the patio... it's such a lovely sunny spring day. I inhale the aroma of freshly mowed grass and feel wonderfully content. 

Suddenly I feel your arms come around my waist and it makes me jump, only for a moment, then I smile. You turn me around as gaze deep into my eyes, the black clouds of last night's passion replaced by the twinkling blue I love so much. We stand there together, your arms holding me close, resting underneath my breasts... your head resting atop my own... just watching the sunrise together. 

Slowly you turn me to face you... caressing my face with your palms... trailing your fingertips over my lips to part them slightly. Leaning into me, you slide the tip of your tongue across my lips... nibbling lightly... smiling... easing your tongue inside to touch mine. Slowly and gently twisting your tongue with mine... moaning softly as you pull me close, pressing your body up against me, your arms circling my waist... moving up my back and then down again to cup my ass. 

You break the kiss, tenderly picking me up in your arms and carrying me back upstairs. After you lower me onto the bed, you untie my robe... gently parting it and pulling it from my shoulders. Your head dips to press soft kisses along my creamy shoulders, my neck, and down the valley between my breasts. Arching my back and moaning softly, I wind my fingers into your hair... pulling you toward my nipples, now straining for your touch. 

You cup my breast now, squeezing gently before lowering your lips to my nipple, taking it between your teeth, nibbling... slowly teasing... erotically sending sensations through my body... the heat traveling between my legs is so intense. You notice my eyes closed, my face flushed with pleasure, and you whisper to me... "open your eyes and watch me". 

I do as I'm told, locking my gaze with yours as you bend to my nipple again... driving me wild... my fingers wildly coursing through your hair, my body straining toward you. Very slowly you let your fingertips travel downward, over my stomach to my navel... following with little kisses... gliding your tongue along my skin... dipping your tongue into my navel, swirling it around... your hands sliding across my waist and hips. 

My body shudders as your lips follow your hands... your tongue wet on my hot skin... moving toward the source of my heat. Gently you part my lips, sliding a finger between them... teasing... taunting... knowing the effect you're having on me... knowing how much I love you. You graze your thumb over my swollen nub, stroking, making it harder, making it throb with desire. I rock my hips toward you as you slide a finger inside my wetness, probing... deeper until you are all the way inside me. 

My body quivers as you bring me to climax, my juices flooding your finger as you whisper lovingly... "yes, baby... cum for me". Knowing I am spiraling out of control, you bend down and touch the tip of your tongue lightly to my swollen clit... causing me to jump and squeal with delight. You smile, working your finger slowly in and out of my hot wet pussy and then using it to probe my ass... gently... before sliding it in just barely. I purrrrr low in my throat now as I ride your finger to another earth shattering climax. Pulling your finger from my ass, you lower your mouth to my dripping wet pussy... licking slowly along my slit... capturing all of the sweetness I have given you. 

When you've cleaned me thoroughly, you slide up my body and lower your lips to mine, dropping some of my juices into my mouth... letting me taste what you do to me... how hot you make me feel. My body is alive with passion as I rock against you, feeling your hardness against my mound now... probing the opening slightly. You position yourself over me, my legs on your shoulders... slowly sliding the tip of your shaft along my slit... teasing... causing my juices to pour forth again... flooding your cock and balls. You groan and slide your cock deep inside me... one long, smooth thrust... holding still for a moment, relishing the feelings of pleasure coursing through our bodies. 

You begin to move now, slowly, gently... sliding in and out so easily... watching me as I meet your every thrust. Slipping your hands under my ass, you pull my pussy closer... moving faster now... every moan you hear only intensifies your desire for me. Soon you are slamming your cock into me with wild abandon... as if you can never get enough... moaning as my pussy tightens around your cock, gripping you, not letting you go. 

My hands grip the headboard of the bed... moaning louder now... my breasts bouncing as you pound into my pussy as if your life depends on it. I scream out your name as my pussy tightens around your cock like a glove, feeling the rush of juices over you, holding your cock still now... letting me ride my climax to the end. As I spiral back to earth, I can feel your cock throbbing inside me... knowing you are about to cum... and wanting to do something special. I wrap my legs around your hips and pull you close to me, kissing you passionately, lovingly... whispering into your ear that I want to taste you. 

You slowly withdraw your cock from my pussy and move around so that I can slip it into my mouth. Sucking the head of your cock, I tickle the underside of your balls with my fingertips... knowing it drives you wild... wanting your climax to be as intense for you as mine was. You begin to thrust into my mouth wildly... faster and faster... deeper... harder... watching intently as your cock disappears between my full pink lips. With a loud groan and one deep thrust, your cum fills my mouth... sliding down my throat... there is so much that some trickles out over my lips. I hold you deep in my mouth until the last of your cum has emptied. 

Giving you one last loving lick, I take your cock out of my mouth and seductively lick the cum from my lips. Grinning at you, I come up into your arms and kiss you passionately again. You wind your arms around me, my head on your chest, listening to our hearts beat, gradually slowing. I sigh in contentment and close my eyes... lying there for a long while until the both of us drift off into a satisfied sleep.