 Xavier was the General Manager and part-owner of a hip new restaurant in downtown Manhattan. There was a Christmas party going on that evening, and he kept getting pulled in different directions on the way out the door to meet his Simone. At 10:18, he finally grabbed his yellow scarf and black hat and escaped out the back entrance onto a silent, snowy NYC street. It was the first snowfall of the year, and after a relatively warm early winter, and Xavier embraced it. He breathed in the cold air and wrapped his warm, soft scarf around his neck and tucked it into his heavy pea coat, finally getting a moment of peace after a crazy evening. Light snowflakes fell on his cute nose and melted on his warm lips, and as he walked he admired the newly fallen dust of snow that covered the Manhattan sidewalks, and the billows of steam that came up from the vents in the street. It certainly felt like Christmas was just around the corner. 

Finally alone, his mind began racing about this long-awaited night. After what seemed like years of discussion - correction, after years of discussion, he and Simone had decided to go to a sex club together. They wanted to fulfill a long-time fantasy they shared - to have a threesome with another man... or maybe two men... or, to at least watch her give another man a blow job. For many, many years, Xavier had had this fantasy - fucking a hot, sexually confident women in the ass from behind, while another man was in her pussy and another in her mouth. A woman taking it in all three holes got his blood boiling; he thought it was the ultimate expression of female sexual power and control. However, until he met Simone, he never thought he would be actually capable of doing it. He could never get quite comfortable with the idea of the presence of another man's dick... let alone two dicks... in such close vicinity to his own. However, Simone had helped him get not only comfortable with the notion, but in a state of sick desire for it. They shared the same sexual mindset, and since they met each other, they had been exploring and pushing the limits of each other's sexuality.

Xavier was about to turn 44 in January, and Simone had just turned 39. He was a tall, extremely handsome black man with magical eyes. Depending on his intent, they twinkled like an impish child, or were captivating and seductive; they made women of all ages fall into a deep pool of lust and desire. He had a few freckles on his brown nose, and his lips were full... and he knew exactly how to use them. Between his looks, his charming personality, and his strong emotional intelligence (which was further sharpened by his many years in the hospitality industry), Xavier never had had any difficulty getting women into bed. In fact, he had lost count. However, once he met Simone, back in the summer of 2017, something happened. He fell in love... like really fell. He lost interest in sleeping with random women, and instead preferred to explore his sexual desires with her. And there were so many to explore.

Lost in thought, Xavier took a wrong turn on the way to the bar Simone told him to meet him at. (The sex club had a BYOB policy, so Simone was bringing a bottle of red wine, but they both agreed they needed to start the night off with some hard liquor!) Suddenly, seemingly out of nowhere, there was a comic book shop he had never seen before. Xavier was an avid comic book fan. He was already now already 25 minutes late meeting Simone, but she hadn't texted him yet. He figured she was probably caught up talking to some strangers at the bar, as she loves to do. He thought he definitely could take a few more minutes to see if the shop had the last comic book to complete one of his series. It was a tiny store, and there no one in it... the Asian man appeared very happy to have a customer and a challenge on this snowy evening, and after Xavier gave him the name of the book, he went into the back room with a look of hopeful contemplation. There was holiday music playing, and Elvis' "Blue Christmas" came on... Xavier smiled, with a far-off twinkle in his eyes. It was his favorite holiday (and Elvis) song. It reminded him of the first Christmas he had since meeting Simone. At that time, they were both in serious, long-term relationships, and decided to take a break after an intense six months of non-stop communication and amazing sex. That period was certainly a "blue" one for them both... although more for Simone, as she loves heartache and indulging in the depths of her emotions. Something Xavier always found endearing (and at times, comical). 

This Christmas, however, was going to be special. They would be spending Christmas Eve with family, and then flying on Christmas day to Madrid, Barcelona... and then Paris. In all three cities, they had plans to visit one of the local sex clubs... a dream they had always shared with each other. They made each other a promise years ago, that if they ever ended up back together, they would take this journey together. And start with a sex club in NYC.

The night had finally arrived, and Xavier couldn't believe it. And so did the Asian man, with a big goofy smile on his face... and the comic book in his hand! Xavier's jaw dropped - he couldn't believe this random, tiny shop in Manhattan was carrying this extremely rare book (he'd been looking for years). Suddenly, he realized - it was going to be a very, very, special and rare night.

Xavier was elated. He paid for the book, tipped the man, wished him a happy holiday, and started jogging to the bar. Simone would be so excited to hear that he'd found the book (and also immediately forgive his tardiness). When he walked in, there was a magic in the air. The bar was decorated with small white Christmas lights and candles, and had a cozy fireplace. Simone had gotten two seats at the bar, and was chatting with two older women sitting next to her, engrossed in a heavy conversation. Simone could sense his presence, and she turned her head towards the door and met his gaze. She couldn't help it - every time she looked into his smiling eyes, a chill went through her entire body and she felt butterflies in her heart. Years later, and that sensation of being in love... and in lust... she just couldn't shake. And she never wanted to. Their sexual attraction was permeable; you could cut their chemistry with a butter knife. Just having him near her, or on her mind, her pussy would get wet. Right on cue, she felt her pussy get warm and tingle with excitement. 

Xavier loved her pussy. How wet it got for him, every time. It was pink and smooth and puffy... he loved how her lips wrapped around his dick, clung to it tightly, never wanting to let go. And she never did. His eyes ran the length of her body - she looked hot tonight... ready for it. Despite the snowy weather, she had on sexy black heels... charcoal gray leg warmers that stopped mid-calf and showed off her bare, tanned legs (she had done a lot of prepping for tonight!)... and a wine-colored sweater dress. He knew she had lacy, special panties on - the kind where you could fuck in the pussy or the ass without having to take them off, which always made her hot. Her legs were crossed, and he could see the entire length of her curvy, toned legs, and her tight ass. She worked her legs/ass out a lot in her capoeira classes, and had really stepped it up recently so she would be very sexually desirable for their trip. It had worked. Just seeing her bare legs in heels and her sweater dress just long enough to cover her ass, made him want to spread her legs apart on the bar stool, and fuck her wet pussy right there in front of everyone at the bar, and hear her orgasmic moans. She could never get enough of his perfect, smooth, black dick inside her. It was like a drug. She called it her Magic Black Dick, or MBD. 

The rest of her body looked great that night, too. Her small, toned waistline accentuated her hips and gave her ass more curve, and her breasts were ripe and perky. Simone had always had round, perky breasts, but the last year she had decided to get small, tasteful implants, which brought her breast size from a small/average C to a solid D cup. They looked incredible, and against her small waist, they looked even bigger. Simone said having larger tits made her even hornier... the better her body looked, the more she wanted to fuck herself, and the more she wanted to be His Whore. 

She recently cut her reddish-blonde hair into a sassy bob, and her smile lit him up from across the room. She was glowing. Her hazel eyes, which he loved, danced... they were warm, loving, and very mischievous. When he looked into them, he fell into her big heart, and could read her dirty, dirty mind. Because it was his own. They had always shared the same, sick, sexual thoughts. It was like having a sexmate, who was also your soulmate. They were lucky to have found each other.

Xavier sat down at the bar and they gave each other a soft, intimate kiss, and held it a second longer, which got him hard, and her wet, as the thoughts about what could unfold in the hours to come swirled in their heads. She was drinking a gin martini, and he ordered a bourbon. "Make it a double!" he pleaded the bartender - he may need it. He took his first sip, and felt the warmth melt throughout his body. Simone began whispering to him about the two cougars she was sitting next to who were sexually deprived... she had a way about her, people were always opening up to her about their deep sexual and romantic desires. She was like a magnet for anything sex, love, and romance. And she was always on the prowl for their next conquest... a perk about their relationship that Xavier was eternally grateful for. 

Sometimes he felt like he had to pinch himself. He had a deep connection to Simone on every level, and it was the best sex of his life. And on top of that, she shared him with other women!... There had been many 3sums with cougars (including three flight attendants, in fact), younger women, bi women, a lesbian, and even a couple of 4sums on special occasions. At first, Simone struggled with some jealousy... but they had very open communication, and would always work through it. In the end, her desire for women's bodies, and her sick lust to watch Xavier make them cum the way she did, trumped her jealousy. She loved to watch him enter their wet pussies, raw, from behind, and drive them crazy with his slow, experienced, deep strokes, until they begged to be fucked, and came over and over again on his dick. Ugh. Sometimes she was so horny for this, that she pleaded with him to get off the couch and go find them a woman. 

If they couldn't find one who was open to a 3sum, they would play a game. He would pretend he's single... or say his girlfriend wasn't home... and he'd bring the woman back to their apartment. Simone would hide in the closet, which they designed for this purpose - it had slits in the wood, where she could watch without them seeing her, and she would masturbate and fuck herself with a dildo, while Xavier fucked the woman on the bed. And if he ended up back at her place, she asked him to bring her home a video. There were a couple of times when he couldn't get away with a video, and he fucked them anyways. Simone secretly knew that he cherished these escapes, being able to fuck them without her there, and it turned her on, too. The thought of him, alone with another woman, using her body however he pleased, non-restricted, pushed her to a sick state of pleasure. Because she was confident in their love, and she knew he would never leave her for another woman. 

Xavier's mind wandered to these dirty places as he half listened to Simone's story about their potential next conquest, and he started lightly running his hand up her thighs. She knew this move all too well, and it got her every time. She stopped talking and closed her eyes (Xavier also realized it was a good way to make her stop talking), and parted her legs ever slightly. His hand artfully slipped between her juicy thighs and teased the lips of her pussy, which were warm, and dripping wet. Ugh. He could never get over how wet she got for him. A slight, soft moan escaped her lips. He wanted to lift up her dress and bend her over the chair right there. His dick was very hard, and protruding through his pants... one of the cougars was looking over at him, directly at his bulge. He caught her eye, and she was not ashamed - she stared right back, full of predatory lust. Ugh. 

Part of him thought... what am I doing? Why don't I just bring her home now, perhaps with these two cougars, and have a sick 4sum tonight? Or just have a long, passionate session, just the two of them in front of their Christmas tree? Why was he bringing her to a sex club, to watch her potentially blow and fuck other men? What was WRONG with him? Why would he want another man to feel her wet pussy lips wrapped around his dick? What if he got addicted to it, like Xavier did? What if she moaned the way she does with him? She had also never, ever had an orgasm with another man before him... what if she had her first with another man? What if it was better than the ones she had with him? What if he got insanely jealous and had to carry her out of the club?... As he ran through the various scenarios in his head, some familiar feelings of doubt started creeping in. 

Simone instinctively knew where his mind was going, and she asked him, for probably the millionth time, whether he still wanted to go through with it. Yes, he said, we are here, let's do this. She smiled and started to walk him through it... she said no man would ever do it for her like he did, and that she was doing this to be His Whore. She said that until she had a dick in her mouth, one in her pussy, and him in her ass, that she'd be his woman, but not truly his Whore. She said that by doing this, and loving it, she would essentially morph into one of his real-life porn fantasies... more than she already was. The videos they made together - both alone and with other women - were mindblowing, way better than any porn he had ever watched... especially once she started loving anal sex so much she begged for it. Ugh. They kept topping one fantasy with another, and this was his ultimate. To watch her, all holes filled up, in complete control of her deep, dark sexuality... and yet also completely submissive to him, as his Whore. Ugh. Xavier snapped back into the moment, and felt a touch of precum on his pants. Shoot - he would have to make sure to have another drink or two so he could make it through the night!

They also had strategically planned to do it on December 22nd, so they could have the entire next day, the 23rd, to rest... cuddle... nap in each other's arms, after a sexually exhausting, yet satiating night. And to debrief and reflect on their experience, so they could talk through any difficult emotions either of them may have. This was the part about their relationship that kept them deeply connected, and able to always reach new sexual limits. The jealousies they would work through, and if one didn't like something, they wouldn't do it again. 

"You good babe?" she asked. He was - he was ready. She smiled, covered her body in a long, warm coat, and said let's go! 

***

The entrance and main floor of the club were nothing much to speak of. A perky young woman collected their $100 fee, and asked if they needed condoms... Simone and Xavier looked at each other. Yes? It was one issue they would go back and forth about. On one hand, it was stupid not to be safe. One the other, the thought of another man inside her pussy, raw, feeling her wet juices was sooooo bad... it made them both sick. 

Xavier asked for eight, her favorite number. Simone looked at him, wide eyed, with a twinge of panic... just how many men did he think she was going to fuck?! He laughed and put his arms around her, "You got the wine babe?" He always knew how to change the subject and pacify her... any sort of touch or loving words usually did the trick. While he had a lot of depth, Xavier was a very chill, lighthearted guy... whereas everything about Simone was intense - she radiated energy. They balanced each other, for sure, but it was not without some effort on both of their parts over the years before they struck a balance that seemed to work pretty flawlessly. 

Simone had been there once before, many years ago with some friends, just to check out the layout/scene for her and Xavier, someday. While it took them some years to get there, Simone was sure it was worth the wait. She felt so secure with him, and so loved, and in love, that she was ready and open for whatever unfolded. She wanted to be very attuned to Xavier's reaction tonight, however... she had long overcome her jealousy related to him being with other women sexually, but he had yet to face it - live. She knew how a fantasy could quickly turn into your worst nightmare... how the sick desire can instantly transform into sick jealousy with one wrong look or move. 

The club had three floors. The second floor had a large bed, two couches, and two private rooms, which they could use if they felt too... overwhelmed. Or if they wanted to swing privately with another couple (or two?). It was 11:45pm, so the club was just getting warmed up. As they rounded the corner to the second floor, the first thing Xavier saw was a couple on the bed, going at it. The woman was thick and curvy, sprawled out on her back with her legs in the air. She had her dress pulled down and up, and her huge tits were bouncing up and down. She had on boots that came up to her knees. The guy was an older black man, with a very large frame... he was holding her legs apart and fucking her hard and steady... "ahhhh, fuck, baby... you feel so good... give it to me," the woman was groaning. Her pussy was shaved and puffy, and his black cock was wet with her juices. Xavier was mesmerized, watching him pump in and out of her... it was his first time watching live sex, and he could feel the blood pulsating through body and his dick getting rock hard. The guy looked over, and upon seeing Xavier, gave him the customary head-nod (the unspoken acknowledgement that they were both black men, with white women). Xavier always thought this was ridiculous, but he gave the man a fist pound and followed Simone, who was laughing, to the third floor, his dick tingling with anticipation. Whatever slight uneasiness he had, was beginning to lift, quickly.

They stepped into a large, narrow room on the third floor. In the front, couples were fully (but scantily) clothed, relaxing on couches, flirting, and enjoying the environment over bottles of wine, vodka, and tequila. The rest of the room was a row of beds along each wall, where a handful of couples were getting more and more naked. There were a few couples in the very back, completely naked from what they could tell, full-on fucking. It was intoxicating to be in such an open environment, where you could be naked or clothed, fucking or watching, and no one was going to judge or care. Xavier and Simone took an empty couch, closer to the beds, and opened their bottle of organic red wine (Simone was allergic to most red wines, so they got an organic version, as it always got her feeling warm and sexy).

Simone, her eyes twinkling, held up her glass to toast him, "So, what do you think? Isn't it exciting?"... Xavier had to admit, his mind was spinning. Just the slight exposure to naked bodies and sex was getting his blood pumping. Over the next 15 minutes or so, they cuddled and played on the couch, drinking their wine and laughing/commenting on what was going on around them, absorbing it all. They did not exactly have a game plan, although they had shared many, many fantasies with each other over the course of the years. 

Xavier put down his glass of wine, feeling warm from its effects, and ran his hands slowly up her smooth leg and between her inner thighs, and began to kiss her lips slowly and deeply. His kisses always melted her, made her feel like she was falling into a deep, dark pool of pleasure, where only the two of them existed. She began to lose herself in his touch, and parted her legs wider as his hand moved slowly towards her pussy, which was already so wet and puffy. His fingers gently parted the lacy opening of her panties, and lightly touched her silky wet lips, and Simone let out a small moan. She was always so wet for him, and every time it got him harder. He remembered the first time he touched it, in the front seat of his truck, how it was the wettest pussy he had ever felt in his entire life. He began to massage her clit, using her wet juices, and Simone moaned a little louder and spread her legs a little further apart. By now, a few couples were looking over, and could see her pussy in plain view, her dress barely covering her ass. 
