 Author's note: My name is Joe and I have a true story I would very much like to share with the readers of Literotica. I am still getting over the most incredible and erotic weekend I have ever had with a woman. I hope you enjoy this story as much as I enjoy telling it.

A little background and context to this story. We are both in our 30's, I live in Illinois, Maggie lives in Michigan and we met some months ago on the Internet and became close friends almost immediately. She is in a committed but open relationship providing that her partner consents and approves of her partner and activities. Maggie and I have met on previous occasions – but never for overnight stays and such wanton revelry as took place this weekend. 

We had been planning this weekend for a while and I made all the entertainment arrangements, and booked a hotel room. Prior to her arrival, I made some special purchases that I knew would accentuate the experience: candles, a bottle of champagne, a vibrator, anal beads, KY jelly, a big cucumber, Ready Whip, a bouquet of flowers (for her pillow) and a length of rope. All of these items would end up being used – read on!

I picked her up Friday night at the airport and took her directly to see a play we were interested in. The play was long and we opted to leave at intermission and drove to the hotel. Because I teased Maggie with dirty talk and fondling during the car ride, she was hot and when we got to the room. The items I laid out on the bed and nightstand excited her and made her soaking wet. I surprised her with the champagne and we drank a couple cups while I gazed into her beautiful face. 

I took the dominant role and ordered her to strip and lay down spread eagle on the king size bed. I then cut the rope to size and tied her arms – she was now very vulnerable to my whims. I left her helpless as I lit the candles and described the toys and what I had planned for her. I knew she was very open to all types of pleasure and intended to give her the experience of a lifetime.

I started by kissing her – first the forehead, followed by the checks and then her lips. After some serious frenching action, I moved down to her neck and nibbled on her ears. She moaned and pleaded with me for more, much more. "Not yet slut", I said – there was so much more to do... Moved down to her tits and ran my tongue around her nipples as I watched her face – eyes closed and light moans coming out. Taking her nipples into my mouth I alternatively sucked and lightly bit on them – the moans were getting louder and ahs and ohs started too. Moving down to her belly button, I ran my tongue around it and thrust it in. Then, I started working on her thighs – she started shaking and thrusting her crotch toward my face. It only took a couple licks of her clit for her to cum for the first time. I should stop for a moment and mention that Maggie is capable of cumming over and over and over again and for hours at a time (we should all be so lucky!)

I kept up the licking for about 20 minutes as she came again and again. Knowing that she needed a little break (she has some breathing problems), I held and cuddled her for a while and looked into her beautiful brown eyes – god I love those eyes of hers! As she recovered, I moved my hand down to her clit and started to rub it, alternating between circular patterns and side-to-side. More cumming and moaning, I knew she wanted more. Moving between her legs, I thrust fingers into her pussy and began to stroke Maggie's g-spot. A loud gasp and 'oh god' told me I was on the right track. She was so incredibly soaking wet and horny that I decided to take her one step further. Grabbing the KY from the nightstand, I smeared her asshole with it and drove another finger into her ass and finger-fucked both of her holes. Fucking both her holes and licking her clit drove her completely over the edge with the best series of orgasms she'd had yet. She begged me to be fuck her – what else could I do?

Since she was still tied, I moved my crotch up toward her face and instructed her to suck my cock and get it good and wet. Thrusting in and out of her mouth with my cock, I teased her with telling her that I was going to cum all over her beautiful face and fuck her tight little ass (knowing that she wanted otherwise...). I pulled out of her mouth and thrust my 7" cock into her pussy as her legs wrapped around my body to let me in deeper. I untied her and she grabbed on to me as we rocked the bed with our thrusting. I then flipped her over on her stomach and started fucking her from behind as I thrust a thumb into her well-lubed and opened ass. She bucked like crazy as both her holes were thoroughly fucked and filled. As I felt myself ready to cum, I pulled out of her pussy and replaced my cock with 2 fingers while leaving my thumb in her ass. I continued to finger-fuck her and jerked my cock till I came all over her pretty little ass.

More rest time and a cup of coffee for us and I decided to pull out the Ready Whip and the vibrator. I made Maggie close her eyes and sprayed Ready Whip in her mouth followed by her tits and then her tasty pussy. I licked off her tits and sucked the whipped cream out of her pussy. Now that her pussy was empty, I put the vibrator in and fucked her slowly as I moved the vibrator around in circles; another finger in her ass – and she was cumming like crazy again. I pulled the vibrator out and moved it to her ass as I finished the session by tonguing her clit again while slowly fucking her ass.

We cuddled and snuggled and feel asleep in each other's arms. And this was just the first night – what would tomorrow bring? After all, there were still unused items on the table...