 Candace Biggerstaff sat at her security desk, scanning the monitors for ... well, nothing really. Friday evenings at the Wasserman building were typically nothing more than a one-way flow of businessmen and women who simply could not get out soon enough. Sure, there were always the ones who worked later into the evenings, but even they were fewer on a holiday weekend.

Candace had hoped to spend this Memorial Day weekend escaping the city herself, but unfortunately her boss needed to make a last-minute schedule change. He promised her extra time off for Independence Day but that was small consolation today.

She was watching the steady egress from the building when there came a lone figure moving as though a salmon swimming upstream. The downstream flow was all business suits and ties and briefcases, while the upstream man wore coveralls and carried a toolbox.

"Hi, Don. It's the west one today," she said with a smile.

"Isn't it always?" Donald replied with an even bigger grin than hers. "Well, the sooner I get to it, the sooner I can get out of here."

Candace watched as Donald ambled his way to the hallway off to the right. His slightly rumpled blue coveralls were not especially flattering, and his rugged work boots were rather clunky, but still she could not peel her gaze from him as he walked toward the escalator that was needing repair.

As Donald disappeared around the corner Candace was startled by the voice of her co-worker Tom.

"Now, now, Mrs. Biggerstaff. What would the boss say if he knew I caught you ogling the repairman?"

"Oh, hey, Tom. Did you finish the five o'clock sweep?"

"Yep. Looks like it's gonna be a quiet night around here tonight. I think I'll order in a pizza."

About an hour later they sat at their respective stations, Tom with his feet kicked up onto the desk beside the sign-in log book, and Candace at her bank of security monitors.

Video surveillance was her specialty, and she had designed many systems for her company including this one. And to pass the time she often tinkered with the various software settings in an effort to improve performance and efficiency.

As she clicked through the various cameras she saw empty hallway after empty hallway, but then she came to the camera trained on the west hallway where the escalator was. She activated the joystick and swiveled the camera's view to the base of the escalator where Donald was lying on the floor with his head poked into an access panel. His body would shift slightly from time to time as he reached for one thing or another within the hole in the wall.

With her hand still wrapped firmly around the joystick controller she stared at the hunky repairman's prone body and began to entertain a naughty thought. But how to pull it off? she thought.

Candace's fingers began flying across the keyboard, opening a menu here, a file directory there. What she devilishly schemed to do was to put the camera feed from the east escalator's hallway into the monitor rotation where the west one was. By electronically flipping the image from left to right it would look correct, and with the building being as quiet as it was it could easily go unnoticed.

Then Candace maneuvered the console's joystick to zoom in on the repairman's body. Lastly she activated a sequence to record the feed of this camera onto a separate hard drive.

Her fingers trembled slightly in anticipation of what she was planning. She tried to calm her excitement and put on the air of boredom that would have been expected on this particular evening.

"Hey, Tom," she called across the desk. Damn! That didn't sound bored at all!

She needn't have worried as Tom had his earbuds in and was listening to a game. His concentration was rapt as she walked around to his side of the desk. She was glad to have a second chance to begin her scheme.

"Tom!" Candace half-hollered, tapping him on the shoulder. He pulled one earbud out and gave her one ear, but only begrudgingly.

"Yeah?"

"I'll go ahead and do the next sweep. I need to stretch my legs a bit anyway." She affected her most disinterested tone to sell the effect.

"OK, whatever. Game's getting exciting." He plugged his bud back in place and resumed his distraction.

As Candace's heels clicked down the hallway she could feel herself getting more aroused with each step. Was she really planning on seducing the escalator repairman? But her resolve only strengthened the further away from the security desk she got. The thought of recording her tryst with the building's security camera made her nipples grow hard beneath her uniform.

Before disappearing around the corner she took one final glimpse of Tom at his station, still completely absorbed in his game, and blissfully unaware of is co-worker's plot.

Candace quieted her steps as she approached the man, still lying on the floor working on the escalator's operating system. She figured that an element of surprise would afford her the best advantage.

She knelt beside him and could not help admiring his body, or what she could make of it in his unflattering uniform. There was a rumpled sexiness to him as his body writhed slightly as he worked the machinery, and she could hear little grunts as though he was trying to loosen a stubborn bolt.

It's now or never, she thought. In one swift movement she straddled the man's hips and lowered herself on top of him. She dropped one hand directly on his crotch and leaned forward to whisper into the darkness where his head and hands were.

"What the-?" Donald started and he nearly bucked Candace off him.

"Shhhhhhhh," she reassured him in a smoky voice. "You just looked like you needed a little relief, so here's what you need to do. I don't want you to move from where you are right now. If you do, I'll stop immediately. But if you can stay where you are right now and keep your hands busy doing whatever they're doing, I promise you a night you won't ever forget. Deal?"

Donald's body relaxed slightly and he remained still for several seconds as he considered what might be in store.

"O ...K..." he managed to say, his voice muffled from his position.

Candace allowed her grip on his crotch to become firmer and she felt Donald growing predictably harder in her hand.

"Mmmmmmmm," she purred in appreciation. "Now this is all about you, understand? I just want you to enjoy this."

Her hands slid up the rough fabric of his coveralls, pausing briefly to trace the embroidered patch on his left breast that read 'Donny'. She smiled at the cute nickname and allowed her hand to resume its journey up to the zipper pull. 

Oh, so slowly she began to draw it down. From his sexy chin which she could just make out with its stubbly beard, between his strong pectorals, across his belly and finally coming to rest between his log-like thighs.

Beneath the coveralls he wore a simple T-shirt and jeans. Candace tugged the shirt free from his waistband and drew it as far up Donald's rugged body as she was able, leaving it gathered just below his armpits. 

His body was covered in a dusting of soft, brown hair. Her hands admired his taught flesh and strong abs as they glided back down to the button on his jeans.

She began to twist the fabric to get enough grip to unfasten his jeans. "I only have a few minutes, so I hope you don't mind my going right to the main event," she whispered huskily. She thought she heard a grunt in return.

Simultaneously she drew down the zipper and reached into his jeans to grip his pulsing cock. She wrestled the elastic of his boxers down for better access to his full glory, and his wonderful balls. Oh, but they were perfect! She leaned in close to nuzzle and lick them very carefully. This time she was most certain that she heard a moan.

With her left hand she cupped Donald's perfect balls and her right hand reached toward his cock which naturally rested against his belly. She loved watching it rise and fall with each ragged breath Donald took.

She encircled his rigid girth in her hand and raised his oh, so impressive erection to a vertical position. Being mindful of the security camera's position, she posed him at the optimal angle before stroking up and down his full length. He twitched and jerked a couple times and his hips involuntarily lifted to meet Candace's supple grip.

Candace pulled her long blonde hair behind her ear so the camera would have an unobstructed view of her lips approaching the purplish head of Donald's cock. She breathed heavily across it and paused to admire the precum glistening from the tiny slit at the tip.

In an instant she dropped her mouth over him, closing her lips firmly around the head. Her own moan was even louder than Donald's as she rolled her tongue around and around. God, she loved the feeling of having cock in her mouth.

Candace allowed her tongue to begin gliding down Donald's shaft, drawing him further into her mouth. She could feel him filling her mouth, his rounded glans brushing the back of her throat.

She began bobbing her head up and down with her lips locked against him. Though she had to be quick, she was also aware that she was recording this for posterity so she popped her mouth off of him with a sound loud enough to echo against the marbled walls surrounding them.

Once again angling Donald's erection for the camera she drew in close from the side and used her lips and tongue to accentuate every inch of his throbbing length. His chest was now heaving mightily up and down and his moans were becoming more prominent.

As much as Candace wanted this to last, she knew she'd better bring things to a close lest Tom should become suspicious at her prolonged absence.

With her right hand gripping the base of Donald's shaft she resumed pumping up and down his impossibly rigid cock with her mouth. She let her left hand snake up his abdomen placing her splayed fingers firmly against the center of his chest riding his every huffing breath.

Suddenly Donald let out a shout as his strong hips lifted both their bodies from the floor announcing his orgasm.

Candace pulled back leaving just the head of his massive cock clamped in her mouth. Oh, how she hoped that the camera was capturing how his cock pulsed with his ejaculation.

She loosened her lips just enough to allow the steady flow of semen to slide down the most beautiful cock she could ever imagine. Ordinarily she would just swallow her prize, but this time she made a concession for the camera's sake.

As the spasms wracking Donald's body subsided she maintained her grip on him as she lowered her head and extended her tongue to begin lapping up the cum that was now pooling in the soft curls where Donald's cock met his luscious body. She savored each lick before swallowing and Donald's left hand suddenly appeared from the darkness and clamped over her own.

Candace caught a glint of light flashing off the platinum ring that Donald wore on his third finger. It turned her on all the more seeing it resting against her own wedding ring. 

Donald's breathing was still coming in little pants as he muttered, "That was ... the most amazing thing ... EVER!"

Candace hurriedly began restoring Donald's clothing so that he would look presentable when it was time to leave. It was a good thing that as long as his coveralls were zipped he would look normal.

Before standing to leave she leaned close to him. "And here's another little treat. I just recorded all this on a closed-circuit security camera. If you're a good boy, I just might show it to you sometime."

And with that she ran back toward her station, wiping her finger around her lips in an effort to right her lipstick.

About ten minutes later, Donald came to sign out with Tom.

"All done," he said cheerily. "It shouldn't make that chattering noise any more!"

"Great, Donny!" said Candace, bounding to the other side of the desk and wrapping her hands around his neck. She kissed him quickly and innocently.

Tom just rolled his eyes. "You two are just too darn cute for your own good."

"Well," said Donald smiling broadly, "if you had a wife as wonderful as this you would be too!" He turned his attention back to Candace. "So, Honey, I was thinking maybe we could watch a video after you get off work. What do you say?"

Candace lit up immediately. "I think that's a great idea! And I know just what we should watch."