 I first met my next-door neighbour shortly after she moved in. The moving van showed up and blocked the street and I was unable to pull into my driveway. I parked on the street and got out of my vehicle. The house next door was a beehive of activity. Movers were lugging boxes and furniture down the truck ramp and into the house. I stood to the side and looked for someone in charge. I admit to being a little angry despite the need for the movers to do their business.

I hovered and waited. Finally, a man appeared who I thought might be the supervisor. I waved to him and he came over to me looking like he was ready for an argument.

"Hi," I said. "Sorry, but you're blocking the street with your truck." I looked at the truck, backed up into the driveway, but with the rest of the truck extended out into the street. 

The man looked at his truck and then back at me. "Sorry, buddy," he said. "I've no choice. We shouldn't be much longer."

I watched two movers walk down the ramp carrying a large couch. "How long do you figure?"

"A couple of hours, tops." 

I looked at my watch. I'm not sure why I did. I knew what time it was. I looked around the yard, littered with other boxes and packing paper. I scratched my head. There was nothing I could do or say. I shrugged. "All right. Thanks."

The man just looked at me for a little and then moved off to enter the truck. I stood there helplessly. I was at their mercy and wondered what it was I thought I would accomplish. Movement caught my eye and I saw a young woman, red hair flashing in the sun, emerge out of the front door carrying a clipboard. She was looking at it and not watching what she was doing. She was walking toward me and marking something on the clipboard with a cheap pen. Her foot caught the edge of the lawn when she stepped off the walkway and she spilled forward, the clipboard and pen spinning away.

I was only a couple of feet away and I lunged to catch her. I reached out and grabbed her and found myself holding her around the waist with one hand and the other grasping her right breast. She made a cry of alarm and I held her entire weight. She struggled to find her footing, and I righted her back on to her feet.

My hand lingered on her breast perhaps a little too long. I let go of her waist and then her breast. It had been a wonderful feeling. Her breast, probably a C cup, was braless. It had felt so soft and warm. 

She let out a breath and started to apologise and thank me. She looked up at me and I lost my thoughts in her eyes. She was stunning. Freckles painted her face and I could see a touch of a sunburn on her cheeks and nose. She had bright green eyes and a smile that crinkled her eyes. She laughed and looked embarrassed.

"Thank you for catching me!" she said.

"My pleasure," I finally managed to say. The feeling of her breast in my hand lingering on my mind. "That was quite the trip! Sorry about the..." I waved in the general direction of her breast.

"Ha! No issues. Thankfully, they're big enough to grab, eh? And you caught me so easily!" she laughed.

Her breast had felt wonderful. I couldn't help myself and I looked her over. She was easily a foot shorter than me. Thin and fit, large breasts for her frame, and a narrow waist. I couldn't see her ass, but from the front it looked full and round. She was gorgeous. A real knockout. And most likely my new next-door neighbour. I stuck out my hand. "Hi, I'm Bill, your next-door neighbour."

She shook my hand warmly. Her grip small in my hand, but firm. She smiled up at me and her face seemed to light up. "Oh! Nice to meet you! I'm Jennifer. Finally, I get to meet who's next door."

"Yeah, that's me over there." I pointed at my house. "I'm not sure who lives next to you on the other side. The house is empty most of the time. Where are you moving from?"

She named another area of the city. "I used to rent an apartment. I finally saved enough to buy a house and I love the area, so when this house went on the market, I snatched it up."

"Oh, so you're from here?"

"Whole life," she answered. "I always wanted a house, so here I am."

She looked rather young to me. Maybe in her mid-twenties. It was quite a feat to put a down payment on a house at her age, especially in this area. The houses were expensive since the area was one of the more sought-after areas to live in. I said as much to her.

It surprised me when she blushed. "Yeah, well. I had the means. So why not?"

I laughed to hide my embarrassment. I hadn't meant to pry. "Are you married?" I asked. That seemed like a safe question. She seemed uncomfortable right away, and I mentally kicked myself.

"No, just me. I never met the right guy."

I mumbled something or other, feeling like a jackass.

"So what do you do?" she asked.

I almost heaved a sigh a relief at the change of topic. "I'm an author," I said.

"Really? That's so cool! What do you write? Would I know any of your books?"

I wrote fantasy novels, but my real income came from writing erotic literature. Years of fighting for sales in my fantasy novels hadn't worked out for me. Years ago, I started writing erotic stories under a pseudonym and to my surprise it really took off. I was pulling in about 10K in sales a month. I had quit my regular job and became a full-time writer, realising my lifelong dream. The appetite for erotic fiction was massive. And thankfully my imagination was unlimited. But I couldn't tell my neighbour that. So, I fell back on my fantasy novels. It was always a safe bet. "I write fantasy novels. I have two series published."

She looked impressed and asked for the titles. I told her and handed her a business card.

"The QR code on the back will give you my first novel for free."

She looked at the back of the card. "Wow, cool. I must check it out." She looked at the front and read my name. "Can I pick up your books in the bookstore?"

I shook my head. "No, only online."

"Cool," she said. She looked me over. Openly and I must have squirmed a little because she laughed. "Sorry, I'm not checking you out! Just trying to figure out how old you are."

I told her and she looked surprised and then she smacked my arm.

"Get out!" she said. "No way! I would have said thirty-eight and I'm an excellent judge of a man's age!"

I shook my head and chuckled. "I get that a lot. No really, I turned fifty last year."

She made a face and mouthed wow at me.

"So, what do you do?" I asked, curious about how this vibrant young lady could afford to move into the neighbourhood. I figured an inheritance or something.

She looked away uncomfortable. I felt like an ass.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to pry."

"No, no, it's okay," she said. "I have a degree in law and poly sci."

"Ah, okay," I replied and knew right away she hadn't answered me. She looked anywhere but at me and when she did, she looked a little guilty to me. I felt bad. "No, really, sorry I asked. None of my business."

She bent over to pick up the clipboard. I spied her pen and bent over to pick it up. I glanced at her for a moment and saw the magnificent ass she carried. It was stunning. I'm an ass man and know a great ass when I see one. She had one. She caught me looking, and I straightened and handed the pen to her. I could feel the heat in my cheeks.

"Sorry," I said.

She smiled and touched my arm. "It's fine. I'm used to it."

I looked away, and she lowered her hand. I could feel where she had touched me and I wanted to rub it. 

"So is there a missus?" she asked.

"Um, yeah. She's at work. Her name is Nancy."

I thought perhaps I saw a small look of disappointment in her face then she beamed at me. "Bill and Nancy! Nice."

The head mover hovered nearby, and Jennifer noticed him when I did. "Looks like it's back to moving in," I said.

She nodded. "Looks like."

"Well, it's been great meeting you." I said and started to head home and then I stopped and turned back to her. "Listen, tonight you should come over for supper. I'm a chef, of all things. Past life. I do all the cooking and well, you'll be up to your tits in boxes, so please, come on over." Oh my god, I said tits, and chastised myself.

She laughed. "Yup, up to my tits. Nice. Um, maybe? I'm not sure?"

I sighed in relief when she didn't freak out and I nodded. "No problem. You should though if you can. Meet my wife. Enjoy a home-cooked meal. My wife can tell you about all the neighbours. Supper's at seven."

She looked thoughtful and then nodded. "Okay, sure. Do I need to bring anything?"

I shook my head. "Nah, just yourself."

"Deal."

* * *

When my wife Nancy came home, I told her about meeting Jennifer. I told her everything except for grabbing her tit. My wife was immediately happy. She loved new neighbours and was talking excitedly about going for pedicures and hanging out. She was happy I had invited her over for supper. It was just the two of us, and company was rare.

"So, what does she do?" she asked.

"You know, I have no idea," I said. "I asked, but she only said she had a law and poly sci degree."

"Huh," said my wife. She come around the kitchen island where I was prepping supper. She stole a mushroom and popped it into her mouth.

"Hey!" I said.

She stuck her tongue out at me. "What's for supper?"

"Flank steak with all the fixings. Plus, my famous salad."

"Ooh, yum."

Time passed, and I had supper almost ready. I looked at the clock in the kitchen and it read five minutes past seven. Just then the doorbell rang. Nancy cried out she had it and I heard the front door open.

I could hear the women chatting up a storm at the front door. Unlike me, my wife could carry on a conversation with anyone about anything. I focused on finishing the meal. I was a little nervous about seeing Jennifer again, especially with my wife present.

The grilled flank was resting on a cutting board under tinfoil. Everything else was ready and in serving dishes. Nancy had set the fancy dining room table with all the best china and crystal. She wanted to impress our neighbour. Me, I was happy to sit outside on the deck to eat. I had a lovely setup out there with a covered gazebo and sectional. I even had a propane fire pit. I sat out there and wrote from Spring to Fall. I drank coffee, wine, beer and smoked the occasional bit of pot with my vaporizer. I practically lived out there. The old neighbours where Jennifer now lived had rarely gone outside to their deck. I could see into theirs, which was odd for the area. Behind our backyards was a thick forest. My neighbour to the other side had a massive privacy fence. Jennifer would discover we almost shared a backyard, despite the low fence. She had an in-ground pool at least; which I envied. In the heat of summer, I used to stare at that pool but the old neighbours had kept to themselves.

The conversation between Nancy and Jennifer grew louder and then they entered the kitchen. I nearly dropped my carving knife. Jennifer was wearing a gorgeous summer dress. It hugged her figure and pushed her breasts up. She was stunning. She held out a bottle of red wine to me and I took it from her and thanked her. I glanced at the label and blinked. I knew this wine. Not that I'm a wine snob, but I know excellent wine when I see it. This wine was over a hundred dollars a bottle. 

"This is too much!" I said.

Jennifer smiled. "Nonsense. It's wine. I wouldn't know one from another. Anyway, it's a re-gift. A client gave it to me."

"A client gave this to you?" I asked.

"Yup," was all she said as she looked around the kitchen.

"The client must really appreciate you!"

"You have no idea," she said. "Your kitchen is the exact opposite of my house! The whole house is a mirror image!"

Nancy laughed. "True. Same model just reversed. Let me show you around."

"That would be lovely. It might give me ideas for my place."

"Hurry back," I said. "Supper's ready."

The ladies went past me talking and to my surprise Jennifer touched my arm for a moment. I froze, and the women disappeared around the corner, talking. What the fuck? I thought.

I opened the wine and decanted it. I carved the meat into thick slices and brought everything out to the table.

The evening went by in a blink. Before I knew it, the wine was gone, plus another one that paled in comparison. Nancy and Jennifer got along wonderfully despite the age gap. We found ourselves laughing like we had known each other for years, and the wine loosened up the conversation. Nancy tried to figure out what Jennifer did, but she remained elusive on the subject. Jennifer kept looking at me all evening and I admit I loved the attention. It's rare that a gorgeous young woman took any notice of me. Nancy seemed oblivious to it.

Late in our evening, I apologised and headed outside for a smoke with my glass of wine. To my surprise Jennifer was on my heels. She smiled at me and pushed past and stopped looking at my sanctuary outside. It was dark out, but all my outside lights had automatically come on. 

"Wow," she said. "It's nice out here! Look at all the lights! It's beautiful!"

"Thanks. I call it my fort. Nancy leaves me out here. It's where I write."

"Hmm. Nice," she took a sip from her wine. As near as I could tell, her and I had drank most of both bottles of wine. I was a little tipsy. "Can I bum a smoke from you? I left mine at home. Didn't think you would be a smoker. We're so rare these days."

"Um, sure, no problem. Surprised you smoke. But I'm also gonna take a hit while I'm here."

Jennifer whirled on me and suddenly was standing really close to me. Closer than two people who had just met should stand. She slapped my chest and jostled her wine in her other hand. "No fucking way! Yes! Share!"

I smiled down at her. Her face was glowing, and her smile was wide and real. Her teeth shone bright with the lights. The feel of her hand on my chest was sending jolts of electricity through me. I could see she was a little drunk. "Sure. Come on."

"Doesn't your wife smoke?"

"No," I said as I sat down on the sectional. Jennifer sat right next to me. There was plenty of room on the sectional, but she chose to sit right beside me, our thighs almost touching. My hands shook a little as I brought out my cigarettes and my stash. I handed her the smokes, and she took two out and put them both in her mouth. "Nancy doesn't smoke. She hates it."

Jennifer lit both cigarettes and handed me one. She took a long draw and blew out a steady stream of smoke. "Ah! So much better! Thank you, I was dying for a smoke."

I chuckled and sat back and smoked my cigarette for a bit. We sat in silence and just enjoyed the smoke for a bit. I watched her thigh next to mine. It was so close to me. I could almost touch it. I laughed to myself as I realised this was more or less the setting of one of my erotic stories. Jennifer must have noticed my mirth.

"What's so funny?"

"Nothing," I said and leaned forward and started getting out my vaporizer and grinder.

"You laughing at me?" she asked.

She sounded half serious, and I looked back at her and raised an eyebrow. "Nope."

She settled deeper into the sectional. "Hmm. It's nice out here. I can see why you hang out."

I filled the vaporizer and turned it out. It vibrated in my hand and made a slight buzzing noise.

"Ooh, a vibrator!" she said and laughed at her own joke.

I took a drag of my cigarette and blew the smoke out. "Yup, pretty short vibration though. It would hardly give you a tickle."

"Hmm, I always need more than a tickle."

I ignored her. I was very conscious of my wife inside the house loading the dishwasher. I felt exposed out here and worried I would say something wrong. And Jennifer was sitting so close to me, I couldn't help but be completely conscious of her presence.

"I wanna know what you were laughing at. Tell me," she demanded. "I'm gonna think you were laughing at me."

"It's not you, just this..." I waved my hands around the deck.

"Your deck? Why is that funny?"

"It's not the deck. Just that this reminds me of my writing."

"Uh-huh. I looked you up by the way. Your novels are award-winning, but your sales don't seem very high."

I was immediately annoyed. My vaporiser buzzed again indicating the chamber had reached temperature. I picked it up and drew a breath through it and held my breath. I handed the device to Jennifer who looked at it.

"What do I do?"

I exhaled and coughed a little. "Just suck in."

"Ooh, I'm really good at that," she said and took a draw while I coughed in surprise at her.

I glanced sideways and I could see the mischievous look in her eyes. She blew out and looked surprised.

"Where's the smoke?"

"There really isn't any, except maybe a little. Much cleaner smoke that way."

"Neat. I have to get one of these. I roll with cigar wraps. I love the added flavour. So, your writing. How are you making a living writing when your books don't sell?"

"How do you afford a house at your age with no apparent job?"

Jennifer took another hit and passed it back to me. In a moment she exhaled. "Fair. So you don't want to tell me what you write and I don't want to tell you what I do. That about it?"

I nodded holding my breath.

I felt her hand on my back and she stroked it lightly. I coughed, and she patted my back. "Fair enough, Bill. We each keep our secrets."

I said nothing.

"How strong is this shit?"

"Pretty strong. Wait a few minutes. This shit is the best. A really nice sour diesel."

"Nice."

We finished the vape and our wine. By then the pot was hitting and Jennifer was laughing pretty much nonstop. I brought her back inside and Nancy admonished me saying I was setting a bad example. Jennifer laughed and then said she had to go home. Nancy looked relived to me. She had to work early in the morning, and it was already late. We saw her to the door; she thanked us for a wonderful evening and sauntered home, holding her shoes in her hand.

Nancy and I just looked at each.

"She's nice," Nancy said. "I think her and I are going to get along."

I nodded and Nancy kissed me goodnight. I was a night owl. I would stay up for hours yet. I found the opened wine bottle and poured the last of it into my wineglass. In the kitchen the dishwasher was thrumming along. The kitchen was all clean and so I wandered back outside to my fort.

I settled down and started to relax when I saw a light come on next door. Jennifer had entered her bedroom. I saw her red hair move past the window and realised she hadn't put up her drapes yet. Her window was fully exposed. I couldn't help myself. I kept my eyes glued to the window hoping for a glimpse. I didn't have to wait long. In moments, Jennifer walked past the window wearing nothing but a bra. I could only see her from the waist up. She stopped by the window and looked out across to the forest behind our yards. I could see her reach behind her back and undo her bra. She shrugged her shoulders and her breasts were revealed in all their glory.

She reached up and massaged them. I could see the relief in her expression having released her girls from captivity. She had tiny areolas but large nipples. She rubbed her breasts and then tweaked her nipples. I was in awe of them. With her tiny frame they appeared huge. Certainly more than a handful. She was stunning and I could no more look away than jump off a cliff.

Slowly I could see her eyes shift and then she was looking right at me sitting on my deck with a glass of wine staring up at her. She held my gaze and smiled. She stood there with her breasts exposed and stared at me smiling. My cock lurched in my pants and I heard a roaring in my ears. The moment was so very erotic to me. She raised a hand and gave me a little wave and then turned and disappeared inside her bedroom. In moments her light turned off.
