 Now I had the company of this young man. Sumant was always good to have around, helping me and keeping up some conversation. One day, during my siesta I just happened to wake up.

Opening my eyes I found Sumant standing at the foot of my bed. I was a first startled and then scared. However, he did not even seem to have noticed me opening my eyes. His gaze was fixed on my breasts. My sari had fallen off and the mounds were visible to him through the blouse. Of course, I wore a bra and a blouse so he could not see much but still he stood transfixed. It was then that a wicked idea entered my mind. I just pretended to be asleep and watched him with half closed eyes. 

That day Sumant just stared and after a while went away. I could hardly go through the rest of the day and night. I was now into an exciting and risky game. I couldn't wait for the next afternoon to come. When the time came I made it point to tell Sumant that I was going for my nap and that I was very tired. Today, however, I intentionally let my saree fall to the side. I had worn an especially low cut blouse and no bra so that his view would be good. True enough, after only a few minutes, Sumant tip-toed into the room. I could notice he got excited as hell upon seeing my state. I just pretended to be fast asleep but internally my heart was racing. The reason was that today Sumant came much nearer and took a much closer look at my 34 inch mounds. My nipples went erect and they too were visible from the thin material of the blouse.

Then he did something I was totally unprepared for. He gently touched the slopes of my breasts and then cupped them with his hands. I was rattled but somehow controlled myself. He pressed them gently and let his hands roam over the smooth skin of my stomach and waist. He did so for a couple of times and went away. I have no doubt he had gone to masturbate after that. But I was absolutely miserable. I did not know what to do.

I knew what I was doing was not right but still couldn't stop. One part of me wanted to lock myself up inside while the other wanted that I continue to play the seduction game with the young man. The next afternoon, my devilish side was clearly winning. I still went to bed wearing a sheer nightie and left its entire buttons open right up to my navel. I slept on my right side so that a portion of the unbuttoned garment fell off, exposing my right breast. 

Surely, Sumant came in. 

He stood at a distance to ensure that I was asleep. Then he saw the exposed breast. I guess he too had lost his mind or else he would have surmised it that it can't be coincidence that I would leave my boobs exposed two days running. This time he did not waist much time. I right away felt his hand touching and cupping my exposed breast. With his other hand he lifted the left side of the nightie and thus both my breasts were exposed to him. He kept on touching and cupping them but I felt he was losing control over himself as his movement became rougher. 

After a few minutes I let out a moan and he immediately came to his senses and fled from the room thinking I was waking up. I noticed that in these days he had become very reserved and did not even speak to me much. By third day, I too was ready to take this madness to the extreme. I again went to bed in a saree.

Today I did not expose myself but just waited for my kill. Sumant too had grown impatient and entered almost soon afterwards. 

He came to the foot of the bed and was disappointed that the goodies were not on view. Just then I opened my eyes and called him by his name. He was taken aback but could not run away. "Come," I said in a kind voice, "What do you want?" 

Clearly flustered he looked around and said he had just come to fetch a magazine or something. "Doesn't matter," I told him, "even I couldn't sleep. Why don't you come and sit here for a while. We can just chat." He had no option. He meekly obeyed and sat at a corner of the bed. Now I felt fully in control. His eyes were lowered and he didn't speak a word. I got up and stood before him. 

And then dropped the pallu of my saree so that waist upwards I was wearing only my sexiest blouse. 

"Look here, young man," I now said trying to remain as calm as possible, "I know why you came here and what you have been up to all these days." He lifted his head and had the look as if he wanted to die at that very moment. He couldn't even utter a sorry. 

I loved it. "But," I continued, "I am not angry." He again looked up, a little surprised. "Instead, I am going to give you what you want. This time I will not pretend that I am asleep." The look in his eyes changed to utter astonishment. 

As I spoke, I slowly began opening the front buttons of my blouse. My breasts had been exposed by the time I completed the sentence. I then stepped forward so that I was now directly in front of him. His head was about the level of my chest. I took my left breast in my hand and bent forward a little. With my other hand I lifted his chin and offered a nipple to his mouth. "Isn't this what you want," I teased as I thrust my breast against his lips. He could do little except open his mouth and accept the nipple. 

"Suck it," I commanded.

He did so, tentatively at first and then a little more firmly. A couple of minutes later he was doing fine. I had good enticing nipples after the birth of my son and I knew they drove my husband wild. This was just an inexperienced young man. As he sucked I removed my one breast from his mouth and offered him another. 

This time he took it without a whimper and sucked on it eagerly, even using his hand to knead my other breast, now wet with his earlier sucking. I had grown restless too. I used the time to unbutton his shirt and then pull out his vest. I let my hands roam over the hard athletic body of this young man. He reminded me of my husband of ten years ago.

Then I removed myself from him and went for his trousers. I slid down the trousers along with his undies in one stroke. I had a marvelous young cock in front of me.

It stood fully erect. I wanted to give him the works. I sat down in front of him and held his throbbing hot rod in my hand.

As I pushed back the skin, the raw smells hit my nostrils. Soon the smell of his sex filled the air. It was irresistible. I lowered my mouth and took the head of his cock inside my mouth. I licked it up and down to make it wet. With my tongue I devoured the white cock scum that had gathered under the skin. I then took its entire length into my mouth and began sucking it in right earnest. 

Alas, Sumant could not last much. In moments, he came spilling his seed into my 

mouth, my cheek, and my shoulders. He was young and ejaculated huge amount of semen. He tasted fresh and I tried to lick off as much as I could. Still a lot of squirts went other ways. He then went limp. But I was far from done. I spread his cum on my body all over so that I now smelled of his sex. I now wanted him inside me. I ordered him to the bed and then got rid of my petticoat too.

I went and lay next to him. We were now both totally naked. I had a wet cunt oozing with juices and desperate for a cock. It did not take much to get Sumant's back to life. Just a couple of minutes of sucking on my breasts and he was erect again. This time I asked him to lie on his back. He did so with his 7 inch cock swinging in the air. 

I sat astride him and let my wet cunt slowly slide up and down his throbbing male hardness. I then lifted it up and impaled it inside me. I could feel it slowly enter my depths. This was the first time a cock other than my husband's had gone in there. I felt shameless. I began riding on him gently but rhythmically. As I made thrusts with my pelvis, I lowered my chest to his head so that he could still suck one of my nipples, my favorite position for a fuck.

It did not take long for me to come as well. I had a huge orgasm on him. My juices flowed out and created a huge smear on the bed sheet.

I then rolled over and got Sumant over me. I asked him to keep making deep thrusts which he learnt to do after some difficulty. Soon though he was fucking me smoothly and then came inside me, depositing the remainder of his semen deep inside my cunt. 

Exhausted, we just lay on the bed for sometime. Then got up, dressed, and I sent him away. I showered and changed the bed sheet and after half an hour, I emerged from the bedroom as if nothing had happened. But we both knew that the next few months were going to be very exciting indeed. 

I told the entire story to Hemanth - who told me to just give another eyeful of the copulation to him - he wanted me to do it front of him. 

The moment came. Mrs. Gore - Sumant's mother came to me a few days later asking me to take care of her son since they were going to be away for a few weeks because of her father's sudden illness back in Nasik. Sumant could not go since the college had just started and there was no way he could leave at this point of time. 

That night itself - I decided to make it up for all lost time and give him a round of fuck which Hemanth wanted to eagerly watch. 

He came for dinner. 

I wore a pretty nightie with no inner garments and poured good amount of lotion on my body - the aroma was all over and there was no way he was going to miss it. He sat in front of me and Hemanth sat next to me for dinner. I rubbed my feet on his leg and slowly lifted the pant and ran the nails on his naked limb. 

He was visibly aroused both from my ministrations and constant bending forward to serve him and giving him ample time to leer at my hanging boobs inside the nightie. He was having a hard on which was now between my two feet. 

I had taken both my feet and was rubbing his crotch.

Hemanth was asking him all right questions - around his studies and of College whereas my attention was focused on his dick which was real aroused and suddenly it burst and the boy was ejaculating. I could see him squirming on the chair and did not leave him and kept rubbing my feet on him till the prick went limp and he was totally wet between his legs which had seeped out and was all over his trousers. 

I asked him coyly after dinner if he wanted to go to the bathroom and have a wash. The blotch was pretty visible on his pant's crotch. 

"Cool, I will go to my room and clean up" Sumant replied, picking up the towel on the stand next to the fridge as he walked to the main door and went home, left the main door open since we wanted him back.. 

He slid past me not noticing the erect nipples that poked through the loose nipple. 

Leaving the light on, Hemanth turned on the TV. 

There was nothing interesting on the TV and so I thought I might go and see if Sumant needed anything, I entered Sumant's room and noticed that the bathroom door from his room was slightly open. I crept up to the bathroom door and peeped inside. I saw Sumant standing below the shower with his eyes closed. But what held me rooted over there was his penis. It was the largest penis I ever saw. Lying limp between his legs, it was easily eight inches long and about an inch thick. It hung like a huge horse dick between his legs. I was mesmerized seeing his huge penis. If that was the size when it was limp, I wondered how large he would be when he had an erection. It looked entirely different from that afternoon a few days ago. 

Slowly I crept away from the room and came back to the main room in our house. My mind was in a daze and seeing his huge penis made me damp between my legs. I was wondering how it would feel inside me especially today Sumant looked very different compared to the other day.

This made me excited and involuntarily I thrust my hand between my legs and started stroking my clitoris. 

Damn, I had to have him this night. I told my plan to Hemanth who gave his nod without a whimper.

We could hear Sumant finish his bath and go into his room. After a while I called out to Sumant and said 'Sedative, if you have finished with your bath, come over here to watch the TV with us.' 

My plan was clear...I was going to seduce him into the main night of copulation and fuck for him; this was going to be a night he will remember for a long time in his life. Sumant came to the main room and sat on the couch. He came in a lungi and a decent looking vest and I sat opposite Hemanth and me on the couch and started discussions with him. 

While discussing I lifted one leg and had casually placed on the arm of the couch. Hemanth was watching all in front of him. 

This made my nightie ride up and my thighs were exposed although not my crotch. 

Sumant noticed my thighs and for a moment stared at them. 

I smiled. So I had got him hooked. 

We continued the discussions with him having a nice view of my thighs. Now I had to shift to the second gear. I also noticed that his penis had started stiffening below his lungi. I settled down more comfortably into the couch. This made my skirt ride up a little and my crotch was now exposed. 

Sumant noticed this and for a moment stared at my exposed pussy but quickly looked up. I gave a yawn and pretended to be sleepy. While discussing I pretended too fall asleep. I was lying on the couch now with my eyes closed, one leg over the arm of the couch and my pussy exposed to Sumant. I opened my one eye a little and noticed Sumant staring at my crotch. To entice him further, I parted my legs a wee bit more. Now I had done everything to entice this man. It was now for him to act. And act he did. I saw him crawl on his knees to me silently and reach to the couch. Hemanth got up at that moment and Sumant was shaken up. Hemanth went to or bedroom and closed door from inside.

Sumant got emboldened.

He was staring up close to my pussy. An open pussy, both of us far away from our spouses, heavy rains, both of us sexed up got the better of him. In one smooth motion he placed his hand on my thighs, parted them and kissed my labial lips. I grabbed his head and pressed it hard into my crotch. I was breathing hard. 

As Sumant clamped his mouth on my pussy, I raised myself on my elbows with a loud gasp. Sumant soon sucked both of my cunt lips into his mouth. As he then pulled on them with his lips, I gasped and gave out a small moan. I thrust out my crotch and fed my pussy to his hungry mouth. By now Sumant had slipped his tongue into my vagina to start licking inside. I moved my hips to guide his lips to my clit. Sumant clamped his lips on the burning nub. I was whimpering as he sucked it between his lips and worked on it with his tongue.

I could hear the door creak and Hemanth started to stare at us and I winked at him. 

With his hands he opened the buttons of my nightie and was fondling my breasts. I suddenly tensed and thrust my cunt against Sumant's wonderful mouth as a massive orgasm struck me.

I groaned and then screamed out loud. 

I felt Sumant's tongue lapping up the juices as they ran out of my splashing pussy.

Pulling his lips away from my clit and he drove his tongue deep inside my pussy, I started feeling his tongue probing and licking the inner folds of my pussy sent shockwaves of pleasure through my body. 

I felt his tongue flick over my swollen clit, his fingers squeezed my nipples. 

His tongue made long licks from my clit to the entrance of my pussy. Moving against him, my hands on the back of the sofa, I let myself give into the feelings he was arousing in me. As his finger entered my pussy, I gasped. 

Rocking back and forth against his lips, I could feel an orgasm building. "Sumant, suck my clit - suck it hard! Please!" I felt his lips wrap around my clit, felt the sucking on the tender flesh even as I felt another finger enter my pussy. 

Moving almost frantically now, I grasped the arms of the couch my thighs squeezing his head. "Yes, Sumant yes! Oh, don't stop!" I felt him suck at my clit even harder as my orgasm washed over me, causing my body to stiffen slightly before moving against his lips and tongue.

Arching my back, shaking and shivering.

I felt every nerve come alive within me, reacting to this lads touch. Though over within seconds, it seemed to last minutes, before my body left me spent as the waves on the shore. Lifting up slightly, breathing hard, I felt Sumant picking me up and carried me in his arms to the guest room and he laid me on the bed and removed his lungi. 

What I saw got me scared. There was semi turgid penis 8 inches long and about an inch and half thick hanging between his legs. I was also excited. It was a real huge penis compared to what I saw the other day. 

My heart was beating like a steam engine as I appraised it, holding it in my hands. 

I gave it a couple experimental rubs. 'Lovely,' I said, and then kissed it on the tip. Slowly I started massaging this magnificent penis and in no time it was hard and erect...about 9 inches long and 2 inches wide... a real magnificent penis. 

It was huge...as long and as thick as my fore arm. I was scared...wondering if it could enter me today. Bending forward, I licked the head of his cock, moving in circles, tasting his passion. Taking the head of his cock into my mouth, and closing my lips around it, I began to suck gently, my tongue still playing over the head. 

Glancing up, I watched his eyes looking at me as I took his cock even more deeply into my mouth. My mouth was really stretched and was aching. 

I felt his fingers in my hair, pressing me down onto him, seeing how much of his cock would fit into my mouth. Suddenly, he pressed me on my back flat onto the bed and held me firmly in his powerful hands. 

My pussy was glistening by now from all the juices. 

My body shivered as he straddled me and placed the head of his cock on my pussy. 'I'm scared that it's too goddamned big for me!' I said. 'Don't worry, I'll be gentle with you' he whispered. He pushed his massive rod to my pussy, hesitated as I moaned and pushed it in. 

My body exploded with orgasm as I felt the giant hard velvety smooth cock-head enter me. I moaned in pain. My cunt was stretched beyond its limit and was paining. But the sexual pleasure of the thick hard throbbing meat loaf inside me wanted it more than the pain I felt. 

The feeling of Sumant's monstrous penis was indeed pleasurable. It was a highly erotic feeling of my cunt being stretched to its limits with that monstrous huge penis. I was enjoying it. 'Oooh, it feels so good!' I groaned. I couldn't get a word out as Sumant now started fucking me with his huge penis. He fucked me harder than any man I'd ever had or ever dreamed of. I started to scream with wanton lust and my body bucked and bucked! His hands grabbed my hips and he started to push and pull me on and off of his rod. This boy was better than all I had till date. 

I grabbed his shoulders and held on as he pushed his monster deeper and deeper into my stretched pussy! The pain made tears stream down my eyes I let go of him and clutched the sofa tighter and tighter like I was holding on for dear life! This was the most amazing fuck I'd ever had! My entire body tingled and with spasms. I looked down over my rocking breasts and saw this Adonis thrusting his huge cock in and out of my small frame. 

I screamed, tears in my eyes. By now Sumant was fucking me earnestly and I could feel his thick long penis rubbing my clit.

Suddenly Sumant stiffened and moaned 'Aaaaaaaah' and erupted his hot load deep into my cunt. I felt his thick warm cum shooting deep into my cunt. 

Wads and wads of thick warm cum. 

He collapsed on my breasts with his penis buried and throbbing in my cunt. He was perspiring and hugged me tight. 

I kissed him hard...tears in my eyes...wow what a fuck I had. I liked him lying on me...his penis buried deep and throbbing in my cunt still spraying his cum in me. Like a possessed woman I kissed him with wanton lust. 
