 Ethan leaned back against the gym door to push it open. His equipment bag was slung over his shoulder and he carried his skates in his other hand. The sun had long since set. They were getting close to the playoffs and Coach Riley was working them harder in practice.

He dumped his equipment bag in the trunk of his GTO and slammed the lid. A car pulled up slowly behind him. He turned around. Claudia was in the car, waving to him. She rolled down the passenger side window.

"Get in," she said.

He looked around. The parking lot was empty. He opened the door and got in. She drove to the other end of the parking lot, out of range of the lights, and parked by the fence. She left the car running, but didn't speak for a long time.

"What's on your mind?" he said.

"I have news. I missed my period. I'm pregnant," she said.

"Why are you telling me this?"

"Because you're the father," she said. 

His mouth hung open. "How can you be so sure it's me?"

Claudia looked away. "I think it might have something to do with the fact that you dumped a load of cum in my pussy."

"Yeah, but that was ..." He stopped. "Are you sure it's me?"

"You're the only man I've had sex with in the last six months. I'm pretty sure it's yours."

His hands rested limply in his lap. He couldn't make them move.

"What do you want me to do?" he said.

She let out a deep sigh.

"Nothing for now. Just let me take care of it. My husband's home tonight. I'll let him fuck me, then try to convince him it's his."

Ethan couldn't think of anything to say. It was hard to grasp the idea that he was going to be a father.

"I should do something," he said.

She put her hand on his knee.

"No, you should do nothing. You should forget about it. You can never have anything to do with this child. If anyone ever learned that you were the father, it would screw up all of our lives. Just forget about it."

"Just like that?" he said.

"Just like that."

He looked away, staring out the side window into the darkness with his hand on his chin. The baby was not yet born, and already he felt an overwhelming sense of loss.

"There's more. Carrie's getting married," Claudia said.

"What? Who?" he said.

"A friend of her cousin's. You don't know him."

"How can she get married? She's only eighteen."

Claudia shrugged. "She says she loves him. I think she's doing it to spite you, to spite both of us."

His sense of loss became a pit deep in his stomach. It was as if his entire world had caved in. The woman he loved had abandoned him for a guy she surely couldn't love, and he had only himself to blame.

Claudia's hand was still on his knee.

"You must feel awful about this," she said. Her hand moved down to his crotch and squeezed. "I can make you feel better."

He stared into her eyes while her hand rubbed his penis. He let his legs spread. His penis stretched down the leg of his jeans and swelled.

"We'd better not. This is how we got in trouble in the first place," Ethan said.

Her hand stroked a few more times before she took it away. In her face, he saw Carrie's face, and the hurt in her eyes was the hurt in Carrie's eyes.

"Whatever you say. I'll take you back to your car," she said, but she didn't sound convinced.

"That's ok. I'll walk."

"Ethan? She wants to invite you to the wedding," she said as he was getting out.

"Me? Why?"

She shrugged. "I have no idea. But you'll come, won't you?"

"I guess. When is it?"

"In six months. In June. She'll send an invitation."

He nodded. "I'll come."

"Good. Maybe by then I can talk some sense into her."

He got out and shut the door. Claudia drove off. He walked back to his car, all the way across the parking lot, glad for the bite of the cold air on his cheeks. It did nothing, however, to reduce the size of the erection in his jeans.

* * * *

Ethan parked across the street from the turn of the century inn. A small group of people was gathered outside, all dressed in formal clothes. The railing of the porch that ran the length of the building was strung with white flowers. All the men wore similar white flowers in their lapels.

It was a perfect spring morning for a wedding. He hated it. This was the last place he wanted to be. He tugged at the collar of his shirt, wishing Mom hadn't pulled the tie so tight, and crossed the street.

He recognized none of the faces in the group standing on the lawn and the sidewalks. They would all be Carrie's family, of course, or the family of the guy she was marrying. Nothing could have made him more uncomfortable.

The inside of the building was decorated with the same strings of white flowers. It was like a small museum of the city's history. The walls were covered with ancient black and white photos, and all the furniture was old.

The biggest room was lined with rows of chairs facing a podium at the far end. A few people milled outside the room. A woman came toward him and it took him a second to recognize her.

It was Claudia. She walked with a waddle. Her belly was huge. She was pregnant, of course. Never would he have believed he would see any woman carrying his child.

"Ethan, I'm so glad you came," she said, and touched his cheek. Her face was radiant.

"You look beautiful," he said. He looked down at her belly. "You're really gonna have a baby."

Claudia looked around. "Your baby. A son. I pray he's as gifted as his father," she said in a soft voice.

"What about your husband?"

She shook her head. "He was not pleased."

"Does he believe it's his?"

"No. He knows I slept with someone else." She was quiet for a second. "We're getting a divorce."

"What about the baby?"

"I'll raise it on my own. Don't even think about trying to help. You can't."

He swallowed hard. That was something he did want to think about.

Someone else walked toward him, a guy in a black tuxedo. He greeted Claudia with a smile and put his arm around her shoulder.

"Ethan, this is Brad. He's marrying Carrie today," she said.

"Hi, how you doing? I'm so glad to meet you. Carrie's told me a lot about you," he said. He thrust his hand out and shook Ethan's vigorously.

"She has?"

"Oh yeah. You're like a brother to her." He was grinning and shifted from foot to foot. "Can you tell I'm nervous?"

"No, not at all."

Brad laughed. "Well, I am," he said. He waved to someone across the room. "Excuse me," he said, and walked off.

They watched him go. Ethan's jaw clenched. That should have been him, waiting nervously for Carrie to come down the stairs, waiting to see her in her beautiful dress, practically glowing from within.

"He's a nice boy, but not too bright. I don't know what Carrie sees in him," Claudia said. She took Ethan's hand. "By the way, she's waiting to see you."

"Waiting to see me? What for?"

"Who knows with that girl anymore."

She waved at a young woman in a bridesmaid's dress with a corsage on her wrist. She came toward them. She had straight black hair, bright blue eyes, pale skin and high cheeks.

"Yes, Aunt Claudia?" she said. She looked at Ethan and smiled.

He smiled back. She looked about the same age as Carrie.

"Courtney, this is Ethan, Carrie's friend. She's waiting to see him. Could you take him upstairs, please?"

"Yes, Aunt Claudia."

Courtney took Ethan's hand and led him up the old, wooden staircase with the carved bannister.

Her hand was very soft. She didn't seem as old as she looked, but that was probably because of her family. Everyone in Carrie's family was younger than they looked. He couldn't help glancing at her legs. She was wearing sheer, pale hose under a very short skirt.

"Were you going out with Carrie last year?" she said.

"Yes."

"I thought so. I'm her cousin."

At the top of the stairs they went down a short hall to a door. Some people came out, a photographer, Carrie's father and others. Ethan greeted Carrie's father, but he was in a hurry. Courtney opened the door and they went in.

She crossed the room and sat in the chair in front of the dressing table. Ethan stood in the doorway, unable to move. Carrie was standing by the tall, wide window. The spring sun shined through the white lace curtains like the light from heaven. She was like an angel. The lacy parts of her white dress floated around her like a delicate mist.

"Ethan. I wasn't sure you'd come," she said.

"My God. You're ... beautiful," he said, his voice barely more than a whisper.

Carrie blushed.

"Close the door," she said. She came around the bed and sat on the edge, shifting the huge skirt of her dress. "Sit down," she said, and patted the bed beside her.

He pushed the heavy oak door until it clicked, then sat beside her on the bed. Courtney was studying an antique mirror and hairbrush made of silver.

"You don't know how much I missed you," Carrie said.

She was looking deep into his eyes and he couldn't stand it. He had to look away. He stared down at his hands and fiddled with the tassels on the bed covering.

"I missed you, too," he said. Finally, he looked up. "Do you love Brad?"

"No. That's not the point."

"What is the point?" He glanced at Courtney. He was uncomfortable discussing this in front of her. "Why do you have to do this? You shouldn't marry him if you don't love him."

Carrie put her hand on his knee. "Ethan, I've already made up my mind. Brad is the one I've decided to marry and we're going to do it today."

He was quiet again, staring down at his hands.

"You got my Mom pregnant, didn't you?" Carrie said.

Ethan looked at Courtney. She was staring back.

"Yes."

Carrie took her hand away from his knee.

"How could you?"

He could hear the hurt in her voice and it broke his heart. He could not think of anything that would explain what happened that day. Her mother looked hot and he could not resist what his body told him to do.

"You were supposed to get me pregnant. That's how it was supposed to work out. I had it all planned. We were perfect together," Carrie said.

"I'm sorry."

"I know you are." Carrie brushed her hand through his hair. Her eyes were very soft. "I think my Mom did it on purpose."

"On purpose? Why?"

He glanced at Courtney out of the corner of his eye. She was listening for every word.

"I think she wanted to divorce my Dad and this gave her a good reason."

"That's pretty cold," Courtney said.

"That's my Mom. She can be that way sometimes," Carrie said.

She looked into his eyes again, never blinking. Her chest moved in and out with heavy breaths. Her hand moved from his hair to his neck to his shoulder. His heart was pounding.

"She's going to have to raise the baby all on her own," he said.

Carrie nodded. "It would be pretty hard to explain to my family if they knew you were the father." Her hand moved back to his knee.

"It won't be easy for her," he said.

He had to struggle to keep his eyes on her face. Her lacy dress was cut low in the front and the bodice squeezed her breasts together.

"She'll manage."

Carrie's voice was soft. Her eyes never looked away from his. Her hand moved slowly up his thigh.

"Ethan?" she said.

"Yeah?"

"This is going to sound like a silly question."

"Ok."

She squeezed his thigh. "Are you hard?"

He held her gaze for a long time, then glanced quickly at Courtney. She was leaning forward, waiting to hear his answer.

"Yes," he said.

Carrie's hand moved farther up his thigh and squeezed the end of his erection.

"Can I ask another question?" she said.

"Sure."

She hesitated before she spoke. "Will you make love to me one last time before I get married? I'll never have another chance to have this cock inside me. We've got to do it now."

"Yes," Ethan said.

He cradled her cheeks in both hands, tilted her head and kissed her. He lowered his hand and squeezed her tit. Carrie moaned and thrust her tongue into his mouth. Her hand rubbed the length of his cock.

"How are we going to do this?" he said.

Carrie looked at Courtney, then back at him.

"I can't take this dress off. My Mom had to sew me into it," she said.

"We don't have to take it off. We'll just lift the skirt," he said. He reached under the lacy skirt and touched her thigh.

She gasped. "I'll have to get on top. I don't want to wrinkle the skirt."

"Ok," Ethan said.

He laid back to open his pants. Carrie bunched the skirt up under her arms.

"Courtney, take my panties off, please," she said and raised her feet.

Courtney pulled her panties down her legs to her feet, then off. She looked at Ethan and her mouth fell open. He had pushed down his pants. His erection stood straight up.

"God, I miss having sex with you," Carrie said. She put her hand around his cock and pumped slowly.

She rolled on top of him, straddling him with her legs. The skirt spilled out like a flood of lace and cloth, covering his face. He pushed it aside. Carrie was trying to lift her skirt in the back. His cock was poking her ass, but he couldn't reach it.

Carrie looked over her shoulder.

"Courtney, could you help me with this, please?" she said. She pulled her skirt up and leaned forward.

"What do you want me to do?" Courtney said and dropped the lacy, white panties.

"Just put it in," Carrie said. She was panting.

Ethan stayed still. He could hardly move under the wide, heavy skirt. Courtney's warm hand closed around his cock. She squeezed and moved her hand up and down. He moaned.

"Courtney, don't make him cum. Just put it in me,"Carrie said.

"Sorry," Courtney said.

She bent his cock forward. The head touched Carrie's moist pussy. She moaned. It spread her lips and poked in. She bit her lower lip. Slowly, she straightened and let her weight settle on him.

Ethan squeezed his eyes shut as his cock pushed into her body. She was still very tight. It felt like it wasn't going to fit inside her. She whimpered and pressed herself down. Her knees pressed in on his hips. She leaned forward and kissed him.

"This is crazy, Ethan. I can't believe I'm doing this on my wedding day. My whole family is right downstairs," she said in a whisper, her lips grazing his ear.

"It's crazy but I don't care. Just fuck me," he said.

She moved up and down slowly. Her mouth was open but her eyes were closed. Both of her hands were on his chest. He had his hands on her slender waist. The dress was very tight and didn't allow her to move much. He moved his hands up and squeezed her tits.

"Oh, Ethan."

Courtney was watching. Ethan leaned to his left to see her. She was standing in the center of the room, staring, her lower lip between her teeth. Her left hand was pressing her lower belly through her dress.

Someone knocked on the door and they froze. From outside the room came a voice, Carrie's father.

"Pumpkin, we're just about ready for you," he said.

"I'll be out in a minute," she said. She looked down at Ethan and lowered her voice. "I'm getting married and he still calls me Pumpkin."

They stayed still. His hands were still on her tits. If her father opened the door, they would all be in trouble. Anyone on the other side of that door was certain to see them.

But the door didn't open. Carrie let out her breath.

"You have to cum, now. We don't have much time," she said.

"Don't worry. I'll get you to your wedding on time."

He thrust his hips up. She squealed and bounced on him. They rose and fell together. The bed was rocking and squeaking. She fell forward and buried her face in his neck.

"I'm cumming, Ethan," she said.

Her cunt tightened around his cock, pulling it as he pumped in and out. He groaned and came.

She moaned. He could feel her warm breath on his neck. He raised his ass off the bed to force his cock deep into her. She squealed again. Her hand rested on his shoulder. She was shivering all over.

"What's wrong?" he said.

She raised her head. She stared into his eyes, then smiled.

"Nothing. You made me cum. I knew you could still do it."

He brushed the hair out of her eyes.

"Everyone's gonna know we did it," he said.

"No they won't. Don't be silly," she said with a giggle.

"They'll know you got fucked. They'll see it on your face."

Carrie touched her cheeks. Her eyes grew wide.

"Do you think so?" She sat up, pushing herself down on his cock again.

"Your cheeks are all flushed."

Carrie twisted and looked at Courtney.

"Do I look like I just got fucked?"

Courtney nodded. She was grinning, too.

"Oh, shit," Carrie said. She lifted herself off of his cock and got off the bed. "I'm gonna be in so much trouble. I told Brad I'd never think about fucking you again. He's gonna know I lied."

Ethan propped himself up on his elbows. His cock was still stiff, but bent over to the side. A string of cum dripped from the tip to his belly. The air was cool and dried the shiny coating of cum.

"He'll be too nervous to notice. Only the two of us will know," he said.

Courtney was staring at his cock. She looked up to his eyes and nodded.

"Don't worry. It'll be fine," she said.

Carrie straightened her skirt then checked her hair in the mirror.

"Brad's never going to find out," she said. She stopped combing her hair with her fingers and looked at Ethan. "I can feel your cum leaking out."

"I hope Brad likes the taste of it," he said.

"What the hell was I thinking? I'm just gonna have to take a bath before I fuck him tonight," Carrie said.

Courtney held up her panties and she stepped into them. She pulled the panties snug to her crotch and let the skirt down, smoothing it in place with her hands.

Ethan stood up, pulled up his pants, and stuffed his stiff penis back in. Courtney watched out of the corner of her eye.

"I know what you should do. Spill champagne on yourself. Then you'll have to take a bath," he said.

Carrie's face brightened. "That's a great idea. I'll do it. Now you two have to get out of here."

Courtney followed him to the door and they went out. Carrie's father and the photographer went back in.

"I guess I'll go to my seat," Ethan said.

He turned to the stairway, but it was blocked. A couple of guys were bringing up a cushioned chair. Courtney slipped her hand into his and pulled his arm.

"Come on with me. I know another way."