 I lost my footing as I was walking down the snowy path home. I slipped and landed on my side. Tears stung my eyes as I felt my left ankle throbbing. Slowly, I tried to get up. The pain shot through my ankle all the way up to my thigh. 

"Fuck!" I grimaced and cursed myself. It was Thursday night, and I had just spent the evening drinking and partying at a friend's. I was a little too drunk to drive, and because I live only a short walk away from my friend's, I decided not to take a taxi, and to walk instead. Which brings me to where I am now, hobbling down a snowy path, on a cold dark January night, cursing as my sprained ankle is beginning to swell. 

I looked at my watch, it read a quarter after two in the morning. At least I was only a block and half away from my apartment. It would only take me a few minutes, then I would be warm and safe, and I would be able to get some ice on my foot. "Thank God." I toughened up and quickened my pace. 

A deep shiver ran right through me. "Don't worry Sandra, it's just your mind playing tricks on you." I thought to myself. The wind in the trees was eerie and I could almost swear that I could hear the sound of someone else's footsteps. 

I continued on. The pain in my ankle was getting worse, and a new burning feeling brought my attention to my elbow, where I noticed that blood was seeping through my light blue jacket. I groaned, and shook my head, when suddenly a hand clamped down on my shoulder. 

A high pitch scream was about to make it's way out of my mouth, when another hand clamped down over it. The hairs on my neck stood up, and the shiver that ran through me earlier returned. I was terrified, and angry. I pitied the poor fool for coming at me like that. Within a split second I had grasped his arm, and turned my body away from his. I threw my fist out and decked him right in the nose. I stood there shocked, as my leg went out to kick him in the balls. It was Ethan, my ex-boyfriend's best friend. He crumpled to the ground looking up at me with a confused look on his face. I stepped away, yelling; "What the fuck were doing?" 

He looked up at me and moaned, "I'm sorry Sandra. I didn't mean to scare you. When Carol told me you left and that you were walking home, I started sprinting down the path to catch up with you. I didn't want to let you walk home alone." 

I bent over him to help him up. I was still angry and with the adrenaline still coursing through my body, I could no longer feel the pain in my ankle. Ethan's nose was bleeding and he had troubles getting up, his balls still aching from the blow. He looked at me and asked "Where in the hell did you learn to fight like that? Fuck!" 

I just ignored him, and continued on my way. He groaned and caught up to me. "Sandra, I'm really sorry." 

"You idiot, when you are following a girl home late at night, down a dark path, are your first thoughts always to grab her from behind and cover her mouth?" 

"I'm really sorry; I didn't want to scare you." 

"So grabbing me from behind and covering my mouth was an attempt NOT to scare me? Whatever." 

We walked in silence after that. Finally, as I was once again hobbling, I made it up the stairs to my apartment. I started to calm down, and looking back at Ethan, I noticed the blood leaking down his handsome face. Shaking my head, I opened my door and told him to go in and take a seat. We were both in dire need of some simple first aid. 

Putting my boots aside, my cat Dirty Frank and her kitten Mouser rubbed up against Ethan as he sat down. Both cats loved him and would stick to him like glue whenever he was over. It always amazed me because out of all my friends, he liked cats the lease. In fact, he really, just didn't like cats at all. He was always nice to Dirty Frank and Mouser though. He claimed the two cats liked him because they can sense if a person is genuinely good hearted or just plain mean. It made sense to me, although after tonight, I was starting to wonder if he was wrong. 

Ethan watched as I took out the first aid kit. I handed him some tissues for his nose and I took out some antiseptic and bandages for my elbow. After I took off my coat and cleaned up the cut, I went up to the freezer and got some ice for both of us. I put in on my ankle and groaned. Ethan looked shocked and asked "Did I do that to you Sandra? Oh gosh, I'm so sorry!" 

The look of guilt made me feel a little bit better and although I was tempted to say yes and let him believe that it was his fault, I decided to be honest. "No, before you scared the shit out of me, I lost my footing in the snow and fell." 

Ethan appeared to be relieved, but the look of guilt still covered his gorgeous face. He wasn't very big, maybe close to 5'9" and 180lbs. But he had gorgeous skin, and I loved his black hair that he kept long enough to accentuate his prominent cheek bones. His hair would fall into little wavy wisps across his face, making him look mysterious and dark. He had deep set dark brown eyes, a thin nose, thick juicy lips, and just a hint of a goatee. 

My anger started to subside, and I went over to him to check out his nose. I tilted his head up so I could take a good look. Our eyes locked, and I could feel my heart beat faster. He looked like he was about to say something, when Dirty Frank jumped up on the table and knocked over the bottle of antiseptic, causing it to spill all over the floor. I groaned for what seemed to be the twelfth time tonight and hobbled to the sink to get a rag. 

"No, no, girl let me get that." Ethan grasped on to my shoulder, this time much gentler than he had earlier that night. "You should sit and stay off that ankle." He led me back to my chair and sat me back down, then went and cleaned up the mess himself. 

I watched as he rinsed the rag out, and then worked on putting the first aid kit away. He was wearing black slacks and a white shirt slightly unbuttoned as well as wrinkled. He also wore a black sports jacket over it. All in all, he looked dangerously handsome. 

"Sandra?" I hadn't realized I was staring at him. "You know girl, Jason was a fool to leave you." I looked down. Jason was my ex-boyfriend. We had been together for just about three years, when he left me for a job in Moosejaw. We decided to remain loyal to each other as long as I was saving up the money to go to school there. Well, I had managed to save up the money, only to have him tell me that he was engaged to another woman. 

"Jason was an idiot, I'm glad to be rid of him anyway." I always played the tough girl act whenever someone brought up the subject. In all reality, it hurt, a lot. But I was ready to move on, and it was time to move on. 

"I went up to see Jason last month for a weekend and Sandra, I'm being honest when I say his fiancé is nothing compared to you." Ethan looked at me with a glint in his eyes that I had never seen before. I didn't know what to say so I just listened. "You are so much prettier than her. She's so skinny, she has no shape, no breast, no hips, nothing. Her hair is red like yours, but it's really frizzy and puffy. Her face is scarred from acne, and she has a really nasal voice that drove me nuts all weekend." 

To be truthful it was kind of nice to hear that. I know that I'm attractive to a point. I have a nice hourglass figure, healthy red hair and big green eyes. A few light freckles accent my fair skin, and everyone tells me that I have a beautiful smile. It's just still nice hear someone say it.

"Thanks Ethan, I'm kind of glad to hear that." I giggled nervously and asked Ethan if he'd like a drink or two. All the excitement of the evening sobered me up, and I felt like I could use a nice glass of cream liqueur to warm me up and help me relax. Ethan agreed and he got out a couple of glasses and helped me into the living room. We threw on the TV, and watched some cheesy old movie that was playing. It was warm and cozy. I sat on the couch and leaned on Ethan's shoulder. 

He took my hand in his and gently rubbed my palm. "Too much excitement for one night Hun?" Ethan leaned over and asked quietly. 

I sighed, not sure what he meant by that, I answered coyly; "Almost." 

He breathed in, and turned his body towards mine. Taking my hand up to his lips, he kissed the tips of my fingers, one by one. I sighed again, and closed my eyes as he leaned in to kiss me gently. I could feel his full warm lips, press softly against my own. Slowly, tenderly our lips opened up and our tongues met. We tongue kissed deep for quite some time, when finally I pulled away for air. 

He pulled back, and looked me up and down. I was wearing a cute little dark red dress that cut low at the back, and trailed down just above my knees. He breathed in, and moaned; "Sandra, you are so sexy, so beautiful. You remind me of a little red fox. You look so sweet and innocent, but I bet deep down inside you are a little vixen." 

Ethan brought his hand up to my thigh, and slowly brought it up underneath my dress. I closed my eyes; my mouth was left open in a silent sigh. I felt his strong hand make its way to my red lace thongs. He felt the wet spot that had formed and began stroking my pussy with his fingers. My breathing became slow and deep, and I shivered at the wonderful feelings he was giving me. 

He began to stroke a little faster as he uttered; "Mmmm, I can smell your juices. I was right; you are a little naughty vixen." With that he moved down onto the ground, and he spread my thighs open, and pulled me forward so he could get a perfect view of my pussy. He breathed in deep taking my scent in, and then he gently began to kiss my pussy over the lace that covered it. I longed for the feel of his lips on my twat. I wanted to feel his lips and tongue caress my clit, but he was taking his time. He wanted me to yearn for it, need it, and want it.

"Mmmm, Sandra, you're so sexy. Would you like it if I took off your little lacy panties, and kissed your innocent little pussy?" All I could do was moan the word yes over and over again. I felt him slide my thongs down, and within moments his entire face was buried against my shaved pussy. He rubbed his whole face against it, then pulled away to allow his tongue to concentrate on my clit. Shivers ran through my body, and my juices seeped out onto the couch. 

From time to time he would look up at my face to watch my expression. He seemed to enjoy bringing me this pleasure as much as I enjoyed receiving it. I looked down at him. "Ethan please, use your fingers in me; I need it so bad!" 

Ethan shook his head no. "No baby vixen, I want you to be a good girl and wait." I moaned in desperation as he continued to work my twat with his mouth. It just felt so good, I wanted him inside me, and I thought the time would never come, when finally he got back on the couch and kissed me. 

My lips caressed his face, tasting my juices. He kissed me with passion as he slowly began to slide my dress to the floor. He admired my body as I watched him expertly slide down his own clothes. He sat back next to me, and caressed my entire body softly with his hands. "Oh Ethan, I'm been naughty." 

He looked into my eyes and nodded his head. "That's my little wanton vixen." His cock was erect, pulsating, and leaking pre-cum. He laid me down on the couch, moving a pillow under my head. 

He then moved his legs in between mine, pressing his cock against me. "Oh God Ethan. Oh God." His cock began to push into me. I was tight, it had been awhile, and it took some easing in. Finally he pushed it all the way into my body. I gasped, and he slowly began to make love to me. 

Every thrust his cock sent ripples of pleasure through my body. I groaned and held onto him. He kissed me again on the lips, and then manhandled me and pulled up so I was sitting on his lap. I looked down into his eyes and bounced onto his prick over and over again. He kissed my breast. Sucking and nibbling on my hardened nipples. I kept bouncing on him, when I suddenly felt almost as if I had to pee. The pressure was building. But it suddenly started to feel different, and the whole world began to spin. He grabbed me and began to bounce me up and down. I began to cum, and my whole body was shaking with the force of the orgasm. My legs became weak and my cum ran down my thighs. 

"Oh Ethan, oh." He picked me up and brought me to the bathroom. He sat me on the counter and kissed me. Leaning over he turned the shower on and adjusted the temperature. 

He picked me up and brought me into the shower with him. He stood me up and I grabbed on to the wall for support. "Sandra, Sandra, you are so beautiful." Ethan grabbed the soap and began to wash me all over, from my shoulders to my feet, massaging every part of my body along the way. He then carefully poured shampoo into his palms and began washing my hair. It felt so wonderful and so relaxing. I loved the feelings of his strong hands gently massaging me. He kissed me all over and rinsed the soap out when he was done. 

Carefully, he picked me up and I wrapped my legs around him. He pressed me against the wall, and slowly guided his cock back into my pussy. "I want to make you cum again baby girl." He pushed his dick in deep, and began to fuck me harder than the first time. 

He went all out, using his strong arms to hold me and to pin me to the wall while he took me. I felt his cock pulsate inside me, and I began to feel the pressure build inside me again, and I knew we were both going to cum. "Ethan, yes, Ethan, cum inside my pussy, please, give it to me hard." And he did. Each thrust was harder than the one before it, and soon, I felt the world begin to spin again and I cried out in unison with him as we came. His cock pulsated and throbbed, and then shot hot creamy cum into me. We groaned, once again together, and soon were drying each other off with towels.

Ethan opened his arms and wrapped a large towel around us, and he caressed my forehead. I smiled up at him and he whispered; "You are wonderful Sandra."