 Courtney led him down the opposite hallway and around a corner. At the end of the next hall was a door with a sign that said "stairs".

"We got here real early. I went through this whole building. I know every room. I know how to get anywhere," she said.

They went through the door. The stairwell was modern concrete with a round steel railing. The door swung shut with a soft click.

"This is like a secret stairway. Only we know about it and no one knows we're here," she said, her voice just a whisper.

"Yeah, well, I'd better get downstairs now," Ethan said.

Courtney had that look in her eye and the beginning of a smile on her face. He'd seen that look before. She'd already seen him with his pants down, had even put her hand around his cock. He was afraid if he stayed any longer, he might have to do something that would get them both in trouble.

He started down the stairs, but Courtney did not release his hand. Her smile was bigger, and she was looking deep into his eyes.

"Can I ask you a personal question?" she said.

"How personal?"

"Very personal."

His heart was pounding. She closed both hands on his and squeezed. He had one foot on the first step going down, and everything was telling him to keep going, everything but the stiffness in his pants that had not gone away since he got out of bed with Carrie.

"Ok," he said. He lifted his foot from the step and leaned back against the steel railing.

Courtney's face turned a bit red. She stared at the floor.

"When you were ... When you and Carrie were doing it back there ..." she said, then paused.

"Yeah?"

She looked up to his face. "Did it feel good when you, you know, when you put it up inside her?"

"Yeah, it felt good," he said.

His penis was fully erect again and pushed down the leg of his slacks. His eyes dropped to her chest, where the front of her cress was cut low. She was breathing deeply. Her flushed breasts strained under the tight dress.

"Carrie told me about you. I mean, she told me how big you ... how big your thing is," she said. Her eyes opened very wide. "I didn't believe it when she told me but she was right."

Ethan grunted and looked away. "Jesus, does she tell everyone about me?"

Courtney giggled and took a step closer.

"Are you still hard?" she said.

Her hand reached for the inside of his thigh and she flinched like she had been bitten when she touched his erection. She squeezed and rubbed her hand up the length.

"Courtney, are you a virgin?"

"No, I've done it with a boy, just once."

He put his hand over hers and held it on his erection, up at his crotch. Her mouth fell open.

"How old are you?" he said.

Courtney hesitated. Her face was down, but her eyes looked up to his.

"Eighteen."

"Oh my God," Ethan said. He released her hand and she took it away.

"Does that mean you don't want to do it with me?"

"I can't."

He couldn't stand the disappointed look in her eyes, any more than he could stand the unbearable ache between his legs.

"Don't you think it would feel good if you put it inside of me, too?" she said.

"I'm sure it would ..."

"Then let me show you. I know how to make a boy feel good. Carrie showed me."

She dropped to her knees and opened his pants. Her small hand snaked into his fly, feeling for his penis. His hands squeezed the steel railing. His body was rigid and trembling as her hand closed around his cock and pulled it out.

Her mouth hung open. Her chest was heaving. Her eyes grew wide as she breathed a deep, shaky sigh.

"It's beautiful," she said in a soft, breathy voice. Her eyes flickered and turned up to his face. She pumped her hand slowly back and forth. "Carrie told me that boys like a girl who puts it in her mouth. Do you want me to do that?"

He nodded.

She licked her lips. "I never did it before. Will you tell me if I do it right?"

He nodded again.

She raised his cock, holding it with both hands. She stared at the head, only inches from the end of her nose. Her lips puckered and she kissed the tip with a light smack. She licked her lips, swallowed, opened her mouth as wide as she could, and sucked in the head of his cock.

Ethan groaned. His knees suddenly felt weak and he had to use the railing to hold himself up. Her tiny mouth was warm and wet and soft.

Her teeth scraped the shaft and he winced.

"Ow, watch your teeth," he said.

Courtney took it out of her mouth. "Sorry. I can taste Carrie's pussy," she said.

He stared at her for a second before he realized what she had said.

"How do you know that?" he said.

She grinned. "I've tasted her pussy. She tasted mine, too." Her hand slipped under her skirt. "She knows how to make me feel so good."

Her hand moved back and forth under her skirt. She closed her eyes and moaned. Her other hand squeezed his cock. She had the sweetest look of rapture on her face, like she had searched her whole life for the true meaning of pleasure and finally found it.

She put his cock in her mouth again. Her red lips were stretched around it. She moved her head back and forth as much as she could, taking him a little deeper each time, while her hand moved faster between her legs and her moaning got deeper and deeper. 

Ethan squeezed his eyes shut. She was pretty good for her first time. She might make even him cum. Should he tell her before he shot in her mouth, or should he just do it and see if she liked it?

She was a little wobbly. Her hand was working furiously between her legs. She was squeezing his cock to hold herself up and to keep him in her mouth. She lost her balance, fell toward him and his cock jammed deep into her mouth.

Her eyes bulged out. His cock forced her jaw open very wide. The head pressed into the opening of her throat and she gagged. She snapped her head away and fell backward on her butt, coughing and wheezing.

"Courtney, are you ok?" Ethan said. He knelt beside her and held her up.

She coughed and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand.

"I just about ... just about choked myself," she said. Her voice was weak and she coughed again.

He helped her to her feet. She squeezed his arm. Her legs were shaky.

"I guess it was just a little bigger than I thought," she said and coughed again.

"Let's just forget about this and go downstairs. They'll be looking for you," he said.

"No, please."

"But I might hurt you. You just said yourself it was too big."

He started to put his penis back in his slacks, but she grabbed it and pushed his hands away.

"You have to, Ethan. You can't tell me no. I've been waiting for this."

He looked into her eyes. The desire was still there, brighter than ever, but so was a pleading he had not seen before in any woman. Was she begging him to fuck her? He touched her cheek.

"All right, if you're sure this is what you want."

She nodded. "Yes, I want this. I don't care how much it hurts," she said. Her hand moved back and forth on his cock.

She pulled her panties down and lifted her feet, leaving the tiny piece of lacy white fabric on the floor. She turned to the railing, pulled up the bottom hem of her short skirt, and leaned forward on the railing.

"Can you do it to me like this?" she said.

He stared at the pale, round cheeks of her ass. Between them, at her crotch, the delicate pink folds of her pussy were moist with her juices. Her lips seemed to part on their own, waiting for him. He slipped a finger between her lips and she moaned and wiggled her ass.

"Oh, yes, Ethan," she said with a gasp. She pushed herself back on his finger, rocking her pelvis.

He shook his head. Her hole was very tight. He could hardly fit his finger in. There was no way he could fit anything the size of his cock inside this girl, no matter how horny she was.

"Please, Ethan. Don't make me wait."

She looked so small, so delicate. Her back was arched in and her ass was pushed up. He took his finger from her pussy and lifted his hard cock, and couldn't believe he was doing this to her. This was what she wanted, though. It shouldn't matter how badly he wanted to give it to her.

He spread her pussy lips and touched the head of his cock to her wet opening. Courtney was purring, moving her hips slowly back and forth. She reached down between her legs and grazed his cock with her fingertips. She looked back at him out of the corner of her eye. The corners of her mouth were turned up, making shallow dimples in her cheeks.

Ethan pressed himself into her. She winced.

"Did that hurt?" he said.

She smiled. "No."

"Ok," he said, but he was not convinced.

She seemed surprised by the pain and he doubted she was as prepared as she imagined. He would take it slowly, and when she decided she could not bear the pain anymore, he would stop and they would just go downstairs.

He held his cock with one hand, held her trembling hip with his other, and pushed. She flinched, but said nothing. Her hands were squeezing the railing and her knuckles were white.

The head wouldn't go in. He pushed harder. She whimpered and laid her forehead on her arm. Her body was tense. Her pussy finally stretched open and the head of his cock went in.

Courtney muffled a scream between her squeezed lips. He stayed still, stroking the small of her back just over her ass.

"Are you all right?" he said.

"It hurts," she said. She was sobbing.

"Are you sure this is what you want?"

She didn't answer. She was quiet for a long time. Her body did not stop trembling. He still had just the head of his cock inside her, but neither of them was moving.

She wiped her eyes and looked back at him over her shoulder.

"Yes, I'm sure," she said.

"I don't want to hurt you," he said.

"Do you want to make me cum?" she said in a soft whisper.

"Yes."

She pushed herself back on his cock and winced. It went an inch deeper.

"I wanna make you cum, too."

She moaned softly. He could just hear her gentle voice over the organ music from the floor below. She was moving her ass back slowly and carefully, working his shaft into her body.

Ethan stayed still, leaning forward to provide some pressure. He was in no hurry to force himself into her and was content to let her work at her own pace. He stroked her hip slowly to calm her and reassure her, as if she was being bred for the first time.

He moved his hand under her arm to her breast, and squeezed. Courtney arched her back deeper.

"Fuck me ... Fuck me," she said in a whisper.

He moved his hips back and forth. She bit her lower lip and hung her head, moaning. He held her hips in both hands and pushed his cock forward. Her head came up, tilting way back.

"Oohhh," she sighed.

His cock slid into her until he hit bottom. His belly was pressed against the soft cheeks of her ass. He stopped, stroking her sides under her dress. Her hands were locked around the railing and her arms were shaking.

"It's in, Courtney. It's in," he said. He leaned over her back and whispered in her ear.

"Oh my God, Ethan, it feels like it's splitting me open."

"Does it hurt?"

She shook her head. "Not much."

He started pumping his hips, pulling her back as he pushed himself forward. She whimpered.

"I'm gonna fuck you now. I'm going to make you cum," he said.

She nodded again and looked back at him. Her lips were squeezed shut in a thin line.

He went slowly, very slowly. His own jaws clenched together and his eyes rolled back in his head. She was incredibly tight, like a clamp around his cock, a warm, wet clamp from the tip of the head to his balls. She was too tight for it to slide in and out. When he pumped his hips, her whole body moved with him.

Each time he pushed forward, she moaned. Her voice echoed off the bare concrete walls. He hoped no one stepped into the stairwell on the floor below, maybe to have a cigarette. They would hear her moans and it wouldn't be too hard to figure out what was going on. He didn't need to get caught fucking Carrie's cousin.

She raised her head to look back at him. Her mouth hung open, her eyes were glazed, and she was panting.

"Make me cum, please, make me cum," she said.

He was panting himself. He didn't have the breath to answer. His cock was moving in and out a little more easily. He was pumping faster, squeezing her hips. She was fucking, too, pushing her ass back and grinding side to side. She reached back to feel his cock sliding in and out.

He was going to cum and it was going to be good, but he couldn't do it before her. She was the one who went through all the trouble to get that far. He couldn't deny her that pleasure when she was so close.

She hung her head again. Her body spasmed and shuddered. She moaned out loud and he put his fingers over her mouth before someone came to find out who was making all the noise. Her teeth bit into his fingers. Her cunt clenched around his cock and her body became limp as it shook. Her hands still held the railing, but he put his arm around her waist to hold her up.

Then he was cumming. He tossed his head back and grunted. His cock throbbed inside her over and over, like it would never stop. He pumped as hard as he could until he had no more energy, but still it continued to throb.

Courtney's body stopped shaking.

"God, I can feel it, Ethan. I feel you cumming inside me. It's so good," she said.

They were moving together slowly. Their fluids made a squishing noise and leaked out around his cock. The fluids made her hole a little more slippery, but her body still rocked back and forth with each tug and push of his hips. She twisted around and put her hand on his arm.

"You fucked me, Ethan."

"Did you cum?"

She nodded and smiled, with the tiny dimples in her cheeks. Her eyes were sleepy, like she had just awaken from a deep dream.

"I never came before when I was doing it," she said.

"I'm only your second time, right?" Ethan said. Courtney's eyes turned down. She blushed and nodded. "See? The first time I'll bet you were just trying too hard."

He tried to let his cock fall out of her, but it wouldn't slide out on its own. She was still too tight, even with the thick, white cum leaking out. He put both hands on her ass to push himself away. It came out slowly, a little bit at a time. The head finally emerged with a soft pop, followed by a flood of cum from between her puffy, tender pussy lips.

Courtney groaned. His cum dribbled down the insides of her legs to her ankles. She tried to straighten up and grabbed Ethan's arm, squeezing.

"Oh God. I'm so sore," she said.

Her skirt slipped down over her ass, but her legs were still spread wide. She was holding him with both hands, one on his arm, the other on his shoulder, leaning on him with all her weight.

"I don't think I can walk," she said, her face pressed against his shoulder.

He put his arms around her waist.

"What are you gonna do if you can't walk down the aisle with Carrie?" he said.

She shook her head. "I don't know. I don't know."

She reached down for his cock, which hung from the front of his pants. It was still somewhat hard and was covered with shiny, sticky fluids. She closed her fingers around it and moved her hand back and forth.

"Can we do it together again?" she said, looking up to his eyes.

"Sure, any time you want."

She let go of his cock and licked her fingers.

"Good." She stepped back, steadying herself on her shaky legs like a newborn colt taking her first steps. "I have to get back to Carrie now. Do you think she's gonna know we did it?"

Ethan studied her for a second before he answered. Her skin was flushed from head to toe, giving her a fresh glow like the morning sun, her short dress was wrinkled around her waist, the insides of her legs were stained with trails of cum, her hair was tangled, and her eyes and lips were puffy.

"Yeah, she's going to know."

"What should I do?"

"Nothing. Don't worry about it," he said. He wanted to tell her not to let her parents see her like that, though. They might come after him with a gun.

"I'll see you later, then, at the reception. Carrie's gonna let me have some champagne," Courtney said as she started down the hall.

Ethan rolled his eyes as he fastened his slacks and straightened his jacket. That was just great. With a little alcohol in her, she would be all over him.

He started down the stairs. Something on the floor caught his eyes, a flimsy piece of white fabric. He picked it up. It was her panties, still reeking with the smell of her moist pussy. He stuffed them in his pocket. When she found him later that night, after a glass or two of champagne, he would probably have a chance to help her put them back on.

Claudia found him as soon as he got downstairs. Her face was beaming. She rushed to him as fast as she could in her pregnant waddle. He could not take his eyes off her belly.

"Oh Ethan, Ethan, I'm so happy for Carrie," she said. She squeezed his arm. "I just saw her upstairs. She's so excited she's practically glowing."

She hesitated and sniffed. Her expression changed. She leaned close to him and lowered her voice.

"You smell like cum. Did you just have sex with someone?" she said.

"Yes."

She was quiet for a few seconds, staring at his face.

"Was it Carrie?"

He could not look in her eyes. "Yes."

She released his arm.

"Ethan, how could you? This is her wedding day."

Ethan shrugged. "I couldn't resist. She was just so horny."

"Of course she's horny. She's going to get laid tonight. She's supposed to fuck him, not you," she said, pointing to Brad. Her eyes softened and she touched his cheek. "It's just as well. Maybe you'll get her pregnant, too. Then we can both bear children for you. I'd rather it be your's than his." Her other hand rested on her belly.

She stood on her tiptoes and kissed his cheek. He was too stunned to move. The ushers directed people to their seats, and sat him a few rows behind Claudia. As the organ began, she turned to look to the back of the room and caught his eye. He turned, too. The first person he saw was Courtney, then Carrie, escorted by her father. Both girls glanced at him as they passed. His head spun. The possibility of what he'd got himself into made him dizzy. What would Pam think if it turned out he'd fathered children with all three?