 Carl Slater, one of the most promising young prosecutors to come out of Harvard Law in the past decade, had suddenly had an epiphany. His first few cases had been open and shut; the defendants were guilty, there was no gray area, and justice was served. Then one day, a young man came through the courtroom, protesting his innocence, with a good alibi. Despite this, the police and his superiors in the prosecutors office worked round the clock to make a case against this man, to make an example of him. Carl, of course, did what he could to bolster the case, but as he studied the evidence, he found seeds of corruption in his office. 

When it had been but a mock trial in school, all the gray area seemed to disappear; now, with a young man's life in the balance, and evidence of several other lives having been destroyed by overzealous prosecution found in his research, it all became real, somehow. What was worse was that the defense attorneys also seemed to be more interested in making examples and garnering media attention than ensuring that justice was done. Knowing this, Carl made sure that the man went free, also knowing full well that his career would be over, almost before it began. He left his office that August afternoon, however, with a clear conscience. Walking proudly, head held high, assured in the rightness of what he had done, he went off to find a new way to help the innocent and to ensure that the guilty were punished for their crimes. No one in the office would meet his eyes, whether through shame in themselves for not being able to stand up to the system, or through anger that he had the gall to throw sand into their works, he did not know, nor care. No one else's opinion mattered to him. He knew that he would have the support of the love of his life, his Maria.

When he arrived at their shared apartment, he knew immediately that something was wrong. The door, which was always locked when he left in the mornings and when he returned in the evenings, at Maria's insistence, was not only unlocked, but slightly ajar. Concerned, he pushed open the door, calling her name. There was no response, just some thumping from the bedroom. As he came closer, he heard screams. They gradually got louder and louder. In a panic, he began to run, and burst through the bedroom door. The sight that greeted him broke his heart.

"You're my little bitch, aren't you Maria? You like it when I force you, don't you? Don't you?" These words came from Carl's best friend Derek, as he was plunging into Maria from behind, with her bent over the end of the bed. He had a handful of her hair, and was wrenching her neck cruelly back, and his face was right up against her ear.

To Carl's shock, his beautiful girlfriend's face broke into a mask of ecstasy, not the fear and pain she must be feeling.

"Yes, Master! You know only you can give it to me right. Carl is too much of a gentleman. He refuses to even consider my desire to be punished like the bad little slut that I am. It is your cock, and only yours, that can fulfill me." 

"Damn right it is, whore! You know you're my slave. You'll do anything for me, won't you, slut?"

"OH! OH! Oh yes, Master! Anything!" Carl could only watch in horrified shock as his best friend for eight years brutalized his high school sweetheart. 

"NO! I can't believe it! How could you betray me like this?!" Carl shouted at both of them, who had been so lost in their own activities that they hadn't even noticed him yet. 

Without pausing in his furious pumping, Derek simply looked at Carl, flashed an evil smile, and pulled again on Maria's dark hair, eliciting a scream of ecstasy from her. She, in turn, as casually as could be, given the situation, turned her head, flashed a canine grin, and flipped him off. "You have been so blind, Carl. Ungh! I've hinted, I've left notes, I've even begged! You would not punish me like I needed to be, so I found someone who would." At this, Derek slapped her ass hard. "It's been going on for three years now, Carl. I'd think that someone as (gasp) perceptive as you would have figured it out by now."

"I..." Carl had no words. In anguish, he turned around and walked from the building. 

He didn't walk far, however. A couple of blocks away, he heard a young woman scream from an alleyway. Hoping he wasn't too late to do something, he broke into a run. When he arrived, he saw a large man with his hand around the wrist of the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. Something about her made him want to throw himself at her feet. In a blind fury, all of the emotions of the day welling out of him at once, he charged at the man, who immediately let go of the woman, and expertly flung Carl headfirst into a brick wall. Before he lost consciousness, he felt the man aim three kicks--two to the backs of his legs, and one at the arm he was holding himself up with. Not being an expert in such matters, he didn't know, but he was certain that he felt the bones break. After that, all was blackness.

*****

Some indeterminate time later, he wakes to someone applying a cold compress to his forehead. It takes a few moments for his head to clear, and when it does, he finds himself looking into a pair of sparkling emerald eyes. Mesmerised by the sight, it takes a moment for her voice to register, and at first it is only as the music of tinkling bells to his ears.

"I said, welcome back. I knew you wouldn't fail me. I'm sorry about the pain, but it will all go away soon." With these words, he realizes that he is, in fact, in immense pain. His bones have been expertly set, but they have not been cast. In fact, he is embarrassingly naked, covered only by a thin sheet. 

His embarrassment does not last long, however, as the woman smiles now, and a light seems to come on in the dim room. She has long wavy red hair which falls down past her shoulders, framing a soft, sparsely freckled face. Her eyes glow with a wisdom beyond her apparent age. Her full red lips shine as though glossed, though it is clear their color was natural. He is again hypnotized by her beauty.

"You have been selected to receive a very rare gift, Carl. I think it is time it is given to you." With this, she removes the simple sun dress she is wearing, revealing a perfectly proportioned, lithe body. The woman could walk onto any catwalk and have a guaranteed contract. Flipping back the sheet, she crawls into bed beside him. "I see that you are ready to release some of that frustration. Why don't I help you with that?" Reaching down, she begins to gently run her fingers along his legs, and then around his groin, not yet touching his rapidly stiffening member. "You are definitely ready. Just lay back and relax. I will take care of everything, just this once."

Suddenly, she springs catlike atop him, gently mounting him, guiding his stiff member into her. Slowly, she begins to rock back and forth, sliding slightly up, and then back down, gradually picking up the pace. She reaches down, and, grabbing his unbroken arm, raises it to her breast, insisting that he squeeze and knead. Unable to resist her amazing body, he does so, first squeezing the breast, and then pulling back, slowly, until only his fingertips touch her skin. This process repeats, with alternating kneading of the breast and light caressing of the nipple, until it is rock hard. Raising his other hand, too lost in the moment to notice the pain, he begins the same process with her other breast. Finally, as her rocking and bucking reach a crescendo, he reaches up with both arms, and pulls her face to his, kissing her with a passion he has never felt before. After his release, he holds her in his arms for what seems like hours, but is truly only moments, as, despite their best efforts, he cannot remain rigid very long.

"Amazing, wasn't it?" She asks as she rolls off to lay by his side. "I am so glad that it was you, out of so many possibilities. You really will be a perfect fit." 

He doesn't say anything for a moment, simply lays there and lets his fingers play through her sweat matted hair. "The best I've ever had," he admits after a moment. "I hadn't..." With a sudden realization, he sits bolt upright, all pain and pleasure forgotten. "What do you mean 'out of so many possibilites'? How do you know my name? I don't even know yours--" His questions are stopped by her gentle hand over his mouth, while her other hand pushes gently, but firmly down, her eyes locked into his.

"I know you have questions, and I do have answers. I just felt that a practical demonstration was in order first. My name is Serena, and when I say 'so many possibilities', I simply mean that there are any number of men whose lives could have changed so drastically that they had been the one to go by that alleyway this afternoon. It was my good luck that yours was the life path chosen to intersect mine here and now." She glances to the side, and brow furrows in contemplation. After a moment, she seems to come to a decision, and springs out of bed. "Get up, it's time for breakfast. You have been alternating between unconscious and asleep for several hours, and are definitely going to need your energy today. Get up." With this she walks out the door, still naked, ignoring his half formed protests that he can't walk.

With a concerted mental effort, expecting to collapse in pain the moment his foot touches the floor, Carl drags himself out of the bed, stepping gingerly onto the soft carpet. To his surprise, he not only feels no pain in his legs, the nagging pain that has been bothering him for three years in his lower back is also gone. Dumbfounded, and as he has no clothes of his own in sight, he follows her, also naked.

As he walks, his eyes take in his surroundings. The hall is lavishly decorated with paintings and statuary. He passes several open doors, showing glimpses of rooms filled to capacity with all manner of diversions, from a ten seat movie theater to a library filled floor to ceiling with books. Taking this all in, he loses track of himself for quite some time. Finally, the smell of frying sausage pulls him toward the kitchen. For a long moment, he just stands in the doorway, staring at this fascinating, beautiful woman, who is busying herself making breakfast. 

"I see that you've made it. Very good. Have a seat, and I'll explain everything while we eat." She gestures to a dining table, covered with serving platters piled with french toast, sausage links, ham slices, and eggs, and has a seat herself.

In a daze, he sits down; and looking at the delicious food arrayed in front of him, is suddenly overcome with hunger. Ravenously, he tears into his food. Serena eats at a more dignified pace, pausing between bites to talk.

"You have been chosen to receive a rare gift, Carl. It is only known to a select few of us, only about 200 worldwide. To put it in laymans terms, you have been infected with an extremely rare virus, a mutation of genetic code. The first two to be infected, Robert Carroll, a scientist and inventor, and Dorothy Bentley, a suffragist, an artist, and a psychic, were forever changed when, in 1902, they consummated their relationship. Their union ultimately created the single greatest force for peace in the world, of which you are now a part. 

"In the 1920s, they discovered through research, experimentation, divination, and a lot of luck, that they had been blessed by an almost omnipotent power. It is a symbiotic virus, a microbe that instantly changes the instructions to a body. While it is blood-borne, it can only be passed through intercourse, as it is a combination of vaginal secretions and semen, as well as a minute amount of blood, which activates the virus to a new code. The 'infected' party becomes amazingly resilient, and the body continually regenerates, becoming in effect immortal. This, of course, requires a LOT of energy, which means that we have to take in a lot of food. We are also impervious to physical injury. You will never again have even a paper cut or a blister. My favorite benefit, however, is that we now have complete control, through the honing of our mental skills, over every cell in our bodies. We can, very literally, change our entire bodies with a thought."

"You're saying that you can become anyone? What do you really look like, then?" Carl's face betrays his skepticism. 

"This is who I really am. The virus uses our mental pictures of ourselves to create who we are. We can only maintain a change for a matter of hours." Seeing that he is still not convinced, she says, "Would you like a demonstration? All right. Lets see, shall we? Who is the one celebrity that you have always had a crush on? The one for whom you will forever harbor that unquenchable desire?"

Carl thinks for only half a moment. "That is easy. Ever since I can remember, I have lusted after Shannen Doherty, especially during her slut phase on 90210. I've always dreamt of having my way with her, having her on her knees, those pouty lips wrapped around my cock. Perhaps my face buried between her legs." Leaning back, closing his eyes slightly, he lets the fantasy well up inside him.

"Done. I think that's a very good idea." The voice is familiar, but not Serena's. Startled, he looks up, and standing in front of him, looking like she just stepped out of his television, is Brenda Walsh herself. Of course, she doesn't quite have the same wardrobe as she did on the show. Smiling that crooked half-smile of hers, she drops to her knees in front of him, reaching out for his rock-hard cock. Hungrily, she takes his cock in her mouth, first kissing, then licking, then finally deep throating the whole thing. She alternates expertly between sucking and licking, bringing him just to the threshold, then letting off, teasing, dragging out the pleasure. And pleasure it is, like he has never felt before. Every once in awhile she looks up at him with those sparkling, mischievous eyes, sending a shiver up his spine with just a glance. Finally, judging that it has gone on long enough, she takes him all the way down to the hilt, and slowly pulls back, timing the movement of her tongue just so that his explosion comes just in time to fill her mouth with his seed. She swallows greedily, licking every drop from his quickly softening member. 

In a sudden surge, he sweeps everything off the table and lifts her roughly onto it. "Fair is fair. Now, let me just make sure that you get as good as you gave." With this, he begins exploring her nether lips with his fingers and mouth, darting his tongue in and out, up and down, slowing, speeding up, and eliciting screams of ecstasy from her. She arches her back with every touch of his tongue, bucking madly, thrashing wildly. Finally, she pushes his head away, breathlessly stating that she cannot take any more.

Crawling onto the table beside her, he holds her in his arms, and begins softly stroking her breast. He buries his face in the nape of her neck, taking deep breaths of her aroma, and nibbling gently. With a sudden surge, he reaches down, pulls her legs open, and plunges into her. Pumping furiously, he lifts her leg to give himself more leverage. Passionately, he kisses her, first her mouth, then her neck, finally her ear. "You have fulfilled a fantasy for me. Now fulfill another. Turn back to the real you. That way, I'll be fucking two women at the same time."

Instantly, she does so. Suddenly, the form changes, though the fundamental difference is not that great. It's all about appearances. Through a union of their minds and bodies, they both come simultaneously. This leaves them both breathless, after the most mind-blowing orgasm Carl has ever experienced.

"Another...side...effect," she gasps, her chest heaving with each breath. "The virus destroys all of our pain receptors, as we do not need them any more. This leaves a lot more neural pathways open for pleasure, which therefore enhances any pleasurable experience, from eating a piece of chocolate, to that most pleasurable of sensations." 

Laying there on that table, holding a beautiful woman who can be anyone she wants to, Carl feels that his life is now complete. If he only knew...