 Sareena opened her eyes and blinked in the warm sunlight that streamed in through the window. She remembered the first time she had woken in sunlight as a vampire, panicking and leading Helena to comfort her.

The orgasms that followed had helped to a large degree.

She felt Lucien's arm around her, then his erection against her ass. She turned her head to see him staring unblinkingly at her, his eyes warm and mischievous. He smiled, and she turned over to face him.

"Morning." She smiled.

His hand gently stroked her cheek.

"Good morning. Sleep well?"

"Yes."

Lucien leaned in and kissed her, soft and gentle. The kiss grew slowly deeper, as he laid her onto her back and placed himself between her long, slender legs. She could feel his immense erection against her wet, aching cleft and moaned softly.

He pinned her hands above her head with one of his own, and trailed teasing nips with his fangs down her soft, smooth neck. She moaned a little louder with each bite, until his fangs broke skin deeply.

Her blood trickled from the wounds, and the sensation of his tongue cleaning it away made her shudder in pleasure.

"Oh, Lucien..." she groaned.

"Lucien continued his journey down her body to her firm, perfect breasts. His mouth latched onto each nipple in turn, as he sucked on them gently before circling them with his tongue. He alternated leisurely between each torturous action, each one bringing her closer amd closer to a monumental orgasm.

The orgasm struck when he bit her again, this time in her left breast. It racked her body and flooded her cleft, drenching it. He released her hands and trailed slow, soft kisses down her smooth, flawless stomach - briefly dipping his tongue into her navel on the way.

His mouth stopped at her cleft, where he planted feather light kisses all over her glistening, wet skin and making her moan his name. His lips brushed her inner thigh before he bit her for a third time, but this time he fed from her.

The sensation of him doing so made Sareena climax again. The smell of her arousal was strong in the room and it only incited him to feed more. Sareena desperately wanted him to feed from her a little further up.

He heard her.

He shifted up and ran his tongue slowly between her cleft lips, parting them and causing a mild flood of her juices to flow into his mouth. His tongue brushed her clitoris before he sucked on it gently. When she groaned and slightly arched her back, he sucked harder, before delving his tongue deep into her wet, needy cleft.

The sudden shift in stimulation unleashed a powerful, abrupt orgasm on Sareena, making her back arch and eliciting a wanton, drawn out moan from her. For several long minutes, he alternated leisurely between sucking on her clitoris and probing her tender cleft.

Through her pleasure addled haze, Sareena became aware that she was being pleasured by a man who had evidently spent centuries perfecting his skills in the bedroom, and knew exactly what to do to every inch of her to give her relentless orgasms and unparalleled pleasure.

She was on the verge of yet another climax when he stopped his merciless torture on her cleft and suddenly bit her other thigh. Sareena screamed in ecstasy and her cleft sprayed her juices over his handsome face.

He looked up at her, her orgasm evident all over his face. She smiled lasciviously and beckoned him to come to her. He did so, and she kissed him, revelling in the taste of her on his lips. She followed the kiss by running her tongue over his face to gather her juices.

When she had it all pooled in her mouth, she kissed him again, her tongue invading his mouth, his probing hers, and all of her juices flowed into his mouth where he swallowed every last drop.

"Make love to me, Lucien. Please." She pleaded. He gazed at her for a moment, then rolled them over so she was straddling him.

"Ride me." He told her, his hands firmly gripping her sculpted hips. Sareena bit her lip, and nodded as she reached down and gripped his erection.

It was nearly nine inches long, about an inch and a quarter thick and as hard as iron, and Sareena gasped at the thought of it stretching and filling her. She leaned up, placed the tip at her soaked entrance and slowly lowered herself.

There was a brief moment where he was unable to pass her cleft lips, but with a sharp push he found himself inside, instantly forcing her to stretch to accommodate his unyielding erection. She felt herself slowly gliding down the thick girth as it breached her long untouched womanhood.

Her cleft made contact with his pelvis, and she realised his entire length was inside her - a profound thought as he was incredibly deep, filling her to the point that she thought she was going to be split in half.

She placed her hands on his pectoral muscles, leaned down and kissed him deeply. He kissed her back, relishing her soft, warm lips on his. As she kissed him, she moved at an immeasurably slow pace back up his erection, gasping at the sudden feeling of emptiness as he slipped out of her, until her muscles clenched on the last inch and she just as slowly sank back onto him.

He gasped, and sat up with her still gripping his erection with her muscles. Sareena placed her arms on his shoulders, and began to ride him at a slightly faster pace but still ensuring the same deep penetration that seemed to touch every sensitive spot she had.

The inexorable and rhythmic pattern of immensely deep penetration followed by almost withdrawal was gradually driving Sareena closer and closer to what she sensed would be the single most intense climax she had experienced.

Laying her head on his shoulder, she relaxed and focused on the pleasure coursing through her body, suffusing her with the need to orgasm. She gasped his name repeatedly in his ear, but the stronger her urge to climax grew, the gasps turned to louder and louder moans.

Her climax slammed through her in conjunction with his. His erection was completely inside her, and she felt it swell impossibly thicker before it coated her tender passage with what seemed like endless amounts of sperm.

As he found his release in her, her own zipped through her like a lightning bolt, her muscles milking his erection as if to make sure every last drop of his sperm was dragged from him. Her body convulsed in his arms, and she screamed his name in joyous elation.

"LUCIEN!"

The orgasm subsided gradually, and her limbs went lax as she slumped onto his shoulder. Breathing raggedly, she finally managed to lean back to see him looking into her eyes with loving warmth. She smiled.

"I love you, Lucien."

"I love you too, Sareena." He answered, kissing her softly and lovingly.

"What are we doing today?" she asked when they broke apart. He momentarily frowned.

"The club is open again tonight, so I have to look after it again. But until then," he smiled sinfully, his eyes twinkling deviously "I'm in favour of nothing but this."

Sareena smiled, her grin almost as wicked as his.

"Sounds good. Where shall we start?" she inquired, her tone almost innocent. Lucien rolled her over onto her back, her legs wrapping around his waist automatically as she gasped in surprise.

Kissing her deeply, he began to make love to her at his own pace, driving Sareena once more towards the grip of ecstasy.

---

Later that night...

Sareena sat in a VIP booth, watching her lover move about the club with predatorial grace, controlling his world - which included her - with effortless ease.

He was wearing a suit similar to the one he had worn the night before, except the waistcoat was bloodred, not black. Sareena had selected another dress - black with red spider webs embroidered all over - along with silk thigh high stockings, black high heels and buckled gloves.

She was sorely tempted to masturbate, as the sight of Lucien acting in such a manner was in incredibly arousing one. Instead, she stepped up to the window and stared out at the sea of humanity, her eyes landing on a pretty young redhead.

The girl was dressed in a revealing outfit, exposing quite a bit of cleavage and flashing tiny red panties every time she moved her toned hips. Sareena bit her lip and her desire grew.

Unable to control it, she linked her mind with Lucien, contacting him telepathically.

Lucien?

Yes.

May I have a little fun?

I told you I would deny you nothing. Have as much fun as you like.

Breaking the link with Lucien, she reached out to the girl, implanting the idea in her mind to come and join her in the booth before returning to her seat. The girl immediately did so, and when she laid eyes on Sareena the smell of female arousal instantly filled the booth.

"Please, sit." Sareena smiled, patting the leather beside her. The girl smiled back, her eyes fixed hungrily on Sareena's mouth as she hurried to do as Sareena suggested.

Sareena didn't hesitate, placing a hand firmly on the back of the girl's head and pulling her into a passionate, exploratory kiss. The girl returned the kiss for a moment, then sense seemed to reassert itself and she pulled back.

"What's wrong?" Sareena asked.

"I...I..."

"Have you never kissed a woman before?"

Apparently ashamed, the girl shook her head.

"It didn't show. My name is Sareena. And you are?"

"Tara."

"It's nice to meet you. I'll be honest, with you Tara. I want to kiss you again, and I want to taste your sweet, young body."

"You...you want to have sex with me?"

"Yes. Is that a problem?" Sareena asked, putting a little of her ability to mesmerise humans into her tone. The girl's will crumbled.

"God no." She answered, this time pulling Sareena into the kiss. Sareena moved to kneel between Tara's legs - not breaking the kiss - and after pulling the girl's panties to one side she slowly slid a finger into her. Tara moaned softly and leaned back.

"Oh god..." she gasped. Sareena bent her finger slightly and caressed the girls g-spot. As she did so, she leaned forward to whisper in her ear.

"Would you hate me if I told you I wish my mouth was where my hand is?"

Tara's eyes widened.

"I've never -" she began, before Sareena softly put a finger to her lips and halted her words.

"Relax..." she whispered again, "I don't bite...hard."

She slipped her finger from Tara and placed it in her own mouth, enjoying the sweetness of the young girl.

"Delicious. I want more." She declared.

Not waiting for an answer, she reached down and shredded Tara's flimsy panties and lifted the girl's long slender legs over her shoulders. Tara gasped, and Sareena took the opportunity to bury her head in the girl's sweet cleft.

Tara moaned.

Decades of experience allowed Sareena to pinpoint every single one of Tara's most intimate and sensitive spots, bringing the girl to climax after earth shattering climax. She was screaming her head off, and Sareena knew she must have swallowed at least a gallon of the girl's orgasmic juices.

On the last orgasm, Sareena took a leaf out of Lucien's book and bit the girl in the thigh mid orgasm - Tara screamed so loud that Sareena thought she was going to be deafened.

An immense flood of her juices erupted from the girl as Sareena fed, which only served to gift her with another mind-numbing climax. She rode it out, then slumped unconsciously into the leather.

Sareena lowered her legs and returned to her seat, wiping the slick remnants of Tara's orgasm from her skin and sucking it clean from her fingers. By the time Tara woke, Sareena was sitting in the chair, her posture sensible and proper with a glass of blood in her hand

"What happened?" Tara asked.

"You came in to speak to me, and I think the wine went to your head," Sareena lied, indicating the bottle of blood on the table as she raised the glass to her lips.

"Oh..." Tara nodded, then frowned. "Where are my panties? And why am I wet?"

"I have no idea. I didn't touch you." Sareena smiled.

Tara nodded and left the booth, confusion etched on her pretty features, before Lucien entered. He watched Tara go, and turned to Sareena with a curious smile on his face.

"What did you do?"

"I had fun. And a bite to eat." She shrugged, walking over to him after putting the glass down. He closed the door, then grabbed her by the hips and pinned her to the glass. Kissing her deeply, she knew he could taste the pretty virgin on her lips.

"Very sweet. " he murmured.

"Thank you for letting me do it."

"I will deny you nothing, my dear Sareena. You can sleep with the whole of humanity, but it will always be a fleeting moment. Your body, your heart and your soul are mine. Every nerve, every bone, every inch of skin...Mine."

"Yours." She nodded. He stepped back.

"Strip for me." He instructed. Sareena smiled deviously. Turning to face the window, she looked back over her shoulder.

"Unzip me?" she pouted playfully. He reached forward with two finger and slowly unzipped her dress, which she shrugged off. She glanced back again, to see his eyes blazing with molten lust. He darted forward and pinned her to the glass.

It was cold against her breasts, making her nipples harden. He pinned her hands above her head in a replica of the morning, and kissed her neck.

"What do you think those humans would do if they could see you? So wanton, so eager..."

"They would want to watch?"

"And?"

"I'd let them..." she admitted.

"So would I." He whispered, and an anticipatory shudder passed down her spine. "Keep your hands above your head, or I will punish you. Understood?"

"Punish me how?"

"I will spank this flawless ass until it is red raw, then I will do it again until it is black and blue. Clear?"

Sareena couldn't help it. She climaxed. She rode it out, then cleared her throat.

"Yes...sir..." she said huskily. He knelt down, and kisses her pert rear through her lacy panties, then slid them down, exposing her to him completely. She stepped out of them, and felt his lips trail soft kisses up her legs, then across her buttocks, then up her spine as he stood.

When she felt bare skin against her back, she glanced at him to see he was naked. Her cleft was suddenly drenched.

He used his body to pin her up against the glass, and suddenly she felt his erection fill her completely in one swift thrust. Sareena gasped in surprise at the abrupt and overwhelming sensation of being so fully and utterly claimed.

Instead of the gentle, romantic strokes he had used that morning, he began to thrust deep and hard into her at a fast pace. Sareena couldn't believe the pleasure his penetration was delivering, as he remorselessly slaved her body to his whim, drawing orgasm after orgasm after orgasm out of her body until finally he emptied his own climax into her battered, tender cleft.

"Your body is mine." He growled.

"Yes..." she murmured, her face against the glass as she came down from her last brain scrambling climax.

"All of it..." He added, and she realised what he intended to do.

"Do it." She gasped. He slipped out of her cleft and she felt the head of his erection push insistently at her anal ring. Relaxing, she felt it breach her most intimate orifice as the head slipped inside. His already immense erection felt positively gigantic in her tight passage.

Holding her in place, he inexorably but surely gained further entrance into her, giving her the most intense feeling of fullness she had ever experienced. When he was finally in, she groaned, overwhelmed by the sensation.

"Are you okay?" he asked.

"I'm good..." she told him.

He pulled almost all the way out, then back in. Sareena moaned - it was heavenly.

"Harder..." she gasped after several of these delectably precise invasions into her rectum. He complied, beginning to sodomise her with rough, deep thrusts. His hand closed around her jaw, forcing her gently but surely to look at the crowd.

"How many of them..." he growled in her ear, "would want to be me right now? Claiming this beautiful ass?"

"I don't care. Fuck me." She demanded, her momentary use of expletives driving him to pull her away from the window and manhandle her onto the sofa on her back. He laid between her legs and forced himself deep into her cleft.

Sareena screamed, partly in pleasure, partly pain due to him being so deep so fast. He began to pound her body with powerful thrusts of his muscular hips, making her climax repeatedly in the space of seconds. As she approached another orgasm - she had no idea how many had ravaged her body - he sank his fangs into her exposed neck.

Sareena was struck momentarily by the realisation that this was the vision she had experienced the night before.

Then she was struck by the single most intense and violent orgasm she had ever been forced to endure. It racked her body with so much pleasure she lost track of space and time, and her cleft was clenching so hard on the erection slamming into her body she thought she would crush it.

In a small moment of clarity, she felt his own release flooding into her abused and tenderised cleft, igniting a series of smaller orgasms, like aftershocks after an earthquake.

Then her world went black.

When she awoke, Lucien was holding her in his arms under the throw rug that had been over the back of the sofa, stroking her hair as her head lay on his chest. She gazed up at him and saw nothing but concerned love in his eyes.

"Are you okay?" he asked, and the tender compassion in his tone melted her heart.

"I think I lost brain cells along the way back there, but I'm..." she paused to take stock of her physical status. Her body ached, but it was the ache of mind blowing and intense sex. "I'm more than okay right now."

"Good. Sareena, may I ask something?"

"Of course. I have no secrets from you." She smiled.

Lucien gazed back at her for a moment, then sat her up tenderly and - to her immense shock - knelt before her on one knee.

"Sareena, I know I claimed you in the old way last night, and to me that will be more than enough. But I wish for the world to know you are mine, and I am yours." He told her, reaching into his jacket and producing a small jewellery box. He opened it to reveal a silver ring inlaid with a single, solitary ruby. "Would you do me the greatest honour by allowing me your hand in marriage?"

Sareena stared at him, speechless. Then her brain kicked back in amd she smiled, tears of joy streaming down her cheeks.

"Yes, Lucien. I will." She cried, wrapping her arms around him and kissing him deeply.