 The famous astronomical clock was indeed impressive, dominating the entire face of the street and drawing the crowds from all around. Tourist guides could be heard, offering varying versions of the same story - the history, the engineering, the fame - in multiple languages. I was hovering near one guide, their American accent cutting through the surrounding sounds, as they educated their charges on what was one of the beauties of Prague.

I liked Europe and how easy it was to get around by cheap airline. Browsing the web early in the week and there could well be a deal to spend a weekend in one of a number of fascinating cities, across the continent. Happy to travel on my own, curious to meet new people, my travels had taken me far and wide throughout this great continent and I loved it. Little was I to know when I started how things would turn out.

Working as an IT contractor helped enormously. Often I would get sent to cities by my company. These were the trips I loved, especially as I was on an expense account, they put me up in good hotels and I always could tack on a day or two to some sightseeing with relatively little extra expense on my side.

This was one such trip. I had flown in three days ago and come straight to the client's office from the airport. Typical issues abounded and they needed fixing yesterday, all the while with an irate executive or two wondering why the issue wasn't already resolved. 

I had come in to reception and the girl on the desk had said, in pretty good English, that they were expecting me. Shortly a frosted glass door opened an another young woman walked through. First glance would have had her somewhere between 25-30, about 5'6'', slender, clad in professional attire of a light lilac blouse and a dark blue skirt, ending just above her knees. Her blond hair was pulled back into a pony tail and she had piercing blue eyes atop high, Slavic cheekbones. I wanted her. Her eyes flickered as she looked at me, before stretching a hand out to shake mine. "Anastazie", she said and this was really the last personal detail I was to hear.

We had to work together for the rest of that day. Despite her corporate outfit, this was a pure IT operator. She knew her way around the systems, the servers, the protocols, the code - you name it, you was across it. This made my life easier. She was also cool as ice.

Yes, we were working, yes, we were solving problems, yes we were heading off commercial risks. At no stage was small talk offered, even during our brief breaks for coffee or the hasty supper ordered in on night one.

This seemed to change like a computer program flicking a switch.

10pm. Not my favourite time to stop work, but they did pay quite a lot for my services. I often worked into the night, sometimes through it although I knew pretty early on whether I needed to pace myself. This problem was big but not insurmountable and I could see two days being occupied pretty easily with the third doing final checks. I usually dodged those, playing the "catch up on emails" card and went to do some sightseeing, leaving my mobile on. That's why I was here, in the square. 

But I wasn't alone. If you had asked me halfway through the first day whether I'd be there alone, I'd have laid money. And lost it.

Because at 10pm on that first night, Anastazie pushed back her chair from the desk and said, "That's it for tonight. We have plenty for tomorrow but I want a drink. Fancy joining me?"

I was a bit shocked but when a sexy local asks you for a drink, why would you refuse?

We decided the easiest place was my hotel as it served drinks and it had and bar which we knew was open. She hailed a taxi from outside the office and pretty soon we were drawing up in front of the hotel.

"Can you see the bridge from your room?" she suddenly asked. I shook my head to clear it and thought briefly. "Um, yes, pretty sure you can."

"Fine", she said, "they can send up the drinks and we can enjoy the view."

Before I knew it we were in the lift, going up to the 11th floor. Opening the door to what an ad agent would call a well-appointed room, she walked straight over to the windows and opened the curtains. I had a sort of Juliet balcony feature and yes, you could see the bridge.

I went to the phone and ordered some drinks after checking with her. At this stage I knew I didn't want to talk work but I was sort of stuck so thought I would plead tiredness and ask her to go after the first if that was her conversation style. 

As I joined her, looking out over the view, she turned to me. "A day like that makes me very tense. I need to relax. You?" 

"I guess", I replied, wondering what she was talking about.

And then she kissed me. No build up, no Hollywood tension, she just grabbed the front of my shirt and pulled me in. One hand wrapped itself round my head, the other held on to my shirt. Her tongue pressed in and we were at it, me feeling my cock growing in my pants and thinking that Prague wasn't such a bad spot after all.

After about thirty seconds, she pulled back and said, "Thank God you can kiss" and went back to locking her lips on mine and wrestling with my tongue.

I have to say I was enjoying this enormously, even more when I felt her yank my shirt out of my trousers and run her hands up and down my torso. "Mmmm, yes please", she murmured before going back to the kissing.

One of my hands found her ass and pulled her closer. She ground into me and I felt her mound against my now stiff cock. She reached down and started to undo my belt, followed by my trousers. My cock was straining in my shorts and she freed it before dropping to her knees.

I looked down. Her eyes were closed but I could clearly make out her pulled back hair, a few strands having come loose and the shadows our room lights played on her cheekbones. She held my cock and started to lick it from base to tip. 

Of course that was the time the door bell went, of course the timing couldn't have been better. Her eyes opened but she didn't let go of my cock. I shrugged at her and gently pulled my trousers together after taking my cock and tucking it back in. I helped her to her feet whereby she merely smoothed down the front of her skirt.

I went to the door and tried to keep it partially closed as I took the drinks and signed for them. Of course the bell boy knew I had someone in there but he'd seen it all before so he wasn't bothered. 

As I closed the door, she said, "Turn the lights off." I walked towards her and could see her silhouetted against the window. She reached behind herself and loosened her skirt before sliding it off, with a delicious shake of her hips. She threw it over the back of a chair and, as I closed the space between us, I saw she was wearing hold ups under what looked like lace knickers, all above her high heels. My cock hadn't really gone down and it wasn't now.

She grabbed me by the shirt and pulled me towards her to kiss her. I felt her unbutton my shirt and push it off my shoulders, feeling my arms and chest as we kissed. My hands found her ass and yes, they were lace and delicate to touch. One hand snuck under her shirt and found her breast, encased in her bra and caressed it through the material, sometimes pinching the nipple which was firmly pressing against it.

She had loosened my belt and I laughed and moved back slightly. I sat on the bed and reached down to take off my shoes and socks and sensed her standing in front of me, slightly impatiently, with a hand on her hip. Once I was fee of my encumbrance I pulled her towards me and unbuttoned her shirt. As I pushed it off her delicate shoulders, I saw she was wearing matching lingerie on her slender frame. I pulled her closer and kissed her stomach, placing a hand between her thighs. As I kissed down, my hand trailed up and soon I had the edge of my hand pressed against her knickers.

She started to grind against my knuckle so I withdrew my hand and pulled her knickers off her hips. Utterly clean shaven, I bent my head and traced the opening of her slit softly with my tongue. She undid her bra and threw it off and I reached up with one hand and cupped a pert breast before rolling the nipple between my fingers. 

I was licking her enthusiastically, trying to force my tongue into her as she stood before me and then I slide a finger in. She gasped a bit and ground down and forward so I put another one in as well. I concentrated on her clit with my tongue and her pussy with my fingers, all the while playing with a breast. 

Clearly it worked as she ground harder and harder before I felt her shudder, I heard her grunt and I tasted her squirting delicious juice over my chin.

She pulled her hips back and idly tousled my hair. I looked up at her and she smiled slightly before pushing me back. I was lying on the bed, my trousers round my thighs, cock proud and she just climbed on.

She straddled me, grabbed my cock and guided it into her. She lowered herself all the way down on the first stroke and then ground it a bit at the bottom. She raised herself, then forced herself down, quite firmly. This proved to be the start of how she liked things. I would pump into her as hard as I could, she would lean back and her eyes closed as she alternated between grinding and bouncing.

We fucked, hard like this for about five minutes until I felt her accelerate, rotate more wildly then grind down really hard with her body shaking. As she came off the rush of that orgasm, her cloudy eyes opened and looked at me.

Ok, my turn, I thought. I sat up, still inside her and grabbed the underside of her ass. With one heave, I stood up and heard her gasp as she wrapped her legs and arms around me. I walked her to the wall and placed her against it as I started to fuck her at my pace. 

I drove my cock into her, not caring if the wall hurt her. I didn't want to be there for long but even so, her head started lolling around and I heard grunts matching my thrusts coming from her. This egged me on and I pounded into her harder and harder as I felt my orgasm approaching.

Something made bounce her off me and she looked shocked as her eyes flew open. I pulled her legs apart so she had to stand and then placed a hand on her shoulder. She dropped to her knees and opened her mouth. I grabbed my cock and started to tug. She leant in, mouth agape, tongue out. It was enough.

As I unloaded on her, I deliberately tried to miss her mouth. A couple of spurts hit her face, a couple more landed on her chest. I was still oozing cum from my cock when she looked up at me, eyes steamy with passion and rubbed the cum into her skin before licking her fingers. She then leaned forward and took my softening cock in her mouth and cleaned the last few drops.

You've got to love travelling, right?