 Soft kisses all over you. My body climbs and then slides upon your lap. Resting my head into your shoulders with the feeling of me just sitting in your lap. So sweet is this moment and not a care in the world. Feeling your strong masculine hands upon me roaming about leisurely. One hand rubbing up and down the base of my spine, sending shivers within me, the other hand plays deep within my hair. Tugging my long dirty blonde locks here and there as you stroke my head. I cannot control purring into your neck. Feeling so safe in your arms. My arms hold you. Fingers circling you and then fingernails tracing the base of your neck as my mouth kisses you all over. Soft kisses like eating a strawberry. Then alternating soft kisses with sloppy flat tongue licks. Just lingering in your arms. Enjoying the warmth or your body against mine. Nuzzling.

Shifting my ass a bit over your lap and turning my body to press my lips against yours. The feel of your lips pressed so tightly against mine. My tongue escapes me and enters your warm inviting cavity. Our tongues glide over each other as our saliva intermingles and creates such moisture. The taste of you as I feel your breath within my lungs filling me. Sighing within you. My head automatically tilts in a position causing my face to touch against yours as we kiss. The sensation within as our skin makes contacts, your skin against my soft face. Softly stroking the base of your neck as our kiss grows more passionately. Tugging on your hair. Our moans only echoed within our mouths as passion increases. Feeling your hardness to full growth against my ass and thigh as bodies shift about. Desire builds, as I can only want you.

With that desire I position my body straddling you as your hands help to guide me to meet you. The weight of me pressing against your lap and cock causes such pleasure. A squeeze here and there upon my soft thighs and ass as you explore me with your hands and fingertips. My legs open around you as my legs dangle over you from both sides of your thighs. My pussy spread in front of you. Entering your nostrils is the scent of my juices from my loins. It surrounds us. You can feel the heat from me. Pulling my body closer to you as my round full breasts rub against your chest. Your one arm moves up my back again this time more forceful, pulling me closer than two can be. 

I know your other hand wants to investigate my breasts and this stirs a fire within my body. Your left hand upon my right breast kneading, caressing, and squeezing upwards creating a blaze as that hand explores. My moans are out of control when you find my very hard nipples upon your palm and pinch ever so with your thumb and index finger. Holding onto your head as we kiss hard now wanting you take my nipples within your mouth. No hiding that feeling and you sense it. I feel your body shift to do just that. How a shift of two bodies can make two as one. 

That sensual mouth glides down my neck and proceeds further down. My long hair tickling your face as you go further down wanting to suckle on me. My neck can only arch from the pleasure you give me and I let out a sigh. The anticipation created, to feel my full white bare breasts within your mouth. You begin to pull one nipple within that oh ever so warm moist mouth. I send out a moan feeling your teeth graze that very harden pink nipple of mine. So sensitive and pleasurable is the feeling. Creating my body to rock to and fro over your rock hard cock. 

Steadfast my pussy climbs over your hardness and I feel the tip of your cock hitting against my clit. The motion of my body begins to buck to no avail as I hump you. Just rubbing against you. Feeling the pre cum from you that creates a sensation on my very hard clit. A burning agony building as the moisture of our juices stir about mingling. Both hips in a grinding dance that only two can be part of and so close our bodies are. Right on the verge your hardness is to enter my willing pussy. Stoking a fire that makes me wait, but I know it is worth every minute. This moment that creates an uncontrollable but pleasurable motion of our bodies as our hips go around and around. Such a hard tip hitting my hard wet clit. Such pleasure.

My ass rises and then falters upon you allowing my extremely wet slippery pussy lips to part for your cock, the pre cum against my wetness. What a feeling. Gently you slide within me, however you are not all the way in as we pause for a moment. Allowing you to climb deep inside my wanton walls. Simply to enjoy all of it as further and further you enter. Sighing. Your cock gliding and hitting my soft warm tissue as I feel the width of your hardness change as you enter me. Stretching and spreading my lips and interior walls further apart as that cock of yours hits my inner core. My hips bucking now as I feel your balls hit my ass. Fully inside of me as my body wants more of you. Wants you to climb all the way in and to keep you there.

Raising my hips up and down my sex moves slowly over your shaft. Feeling one of your hands upon my ass, grabbing, holding, squeezing and creating a motion, a rhythm. You do not forget my sensitive breasts and the shivers it can cause in my body. Your fingers pinch my right nipple and that warm mouth flicks my left nipple within your mouth. My mouth licking and traveling up your neck and then your ear. Wanting you to hear my pleasure. Sweet sounds escaping me and traveling within your ear canal. Deep within your being those sighs, moans, and breath enters you. It only adds to our excitement. Nibbling the outer lobe and then licking in your ear and around it. Recalling all the times I have shared my moans with you and now it is truly happening. This moment of reality is here now and we are able to enjoy it all.

Our rhythm is animalistic now and no turning back. Who would want to? Your cock driving deep within me as my hips rise and lower over you. Nothing else at this time could mean so much as we are lost within each other. Making my pussy squeeze tight around your cock as we just continue to move faster and faster. Then release those muscles as your rigid cock thrusts upwards. I want to fuck you hard now. My ass hitting against your balls as our bodies slap against each other. Like waves of the ocean hitting the shore. Our lips continue to kiss deep and hard now, however we need to part from time to time to take a breath. So heavy the sounds of our breath as our bodies create such sweat and fire. Our moans are only increasing, echoing all around us. It only adds to our excitement. Faster Baby! Yelling sweet nothings to you. Happy to know you can hear your name leaving my lips at this moment as I call out your name in passion. So many times I call out your name. Louder and louder with each thrust your name escapes me. Hearing you call out mine as our bodies are crashing and thrashing about. Our hands are everywhere but only upon each other. 

Our skin causing such sensation with little effort as we continue to move towards that moment of release. My legs are tightly around you as my feet hit against your back with every motion. Not wanting to let go. I continue to descend and rise upon you. In a circular motion I cause my pussy to grind around your cock. Round and round my pussy moves over you. My ass against your pubic bone and my body is very agile. Leaning back I stare into your eyes and our bodies press tightly against each other. The sounds of our juices and the smell of our scent as we continue to climb to that release. How my body begins to tighten as your cock is filling me up. 

Your cock feels this tightness. It is hitting against my clit and then plunges deep within me only to send shivers within. So close I am for you as I reach behind me to find your balls. I feel them so tight allowing my fingernails to scratch ever so. I know how close you are, but cannot control that release as you thrust faster and my cum begins to flow over your shaft. My body shakes, one loud chord escapes me and I am lost for a moment in time. In harmony, your body shakes and you cum in spurts and spurts of wonderful fluid filling my inner walls. That release of your white, thick, and oh so warm cum surging inside of my walls creating more aftershocks within my body. So out of control I am from pure enjoyment and my body shakes over you. My pussy so sensitive as cum hits within me and it only creates more climax. 

Slowly we are back in present time as our bodies tremble within each other as your cock lies within me. Holding you as you hold me as our bodies begin to regain some normalcy. Slowly lifting up to release you I position my body back to sitting on your lap. My legs dangle over your right side as my head falls within your chest. Your right hand caressing my lower back and spine as your left hand plays with my hair. You lean back and all is right with the world. We just lounge about without saying a word.