 You never know what you can find on the road. I've been trucking and riding across the whole continent. And you know the best sight in three countries? Sluts hitch hiking. And here were two. It pays to make homage to the old gods. You never know when you might get tossed a gift. Had a special party to go to. Never thought to get a gift. Turns out...! Pulled in to the station for gas and there they were. Early or mid-twenties, slim, nice tits, real good looking wearing hiking boots, short pants and t-shirts, that are knotted beneath their breasts. I wonder if I have died and gone to trucker heaven. I climb out of the cab as they walk up.

"Excuse me, please sir." one says in heavily accented English, "Are you going to Vancouver". I think Italian. I know I have died and gone to trucker heaven.

"Vancouver! No sorry. You won't find anyone here going to Vancouver. This is not the main highway. You can get to Thunder Bay from here and then continue from there on the TransCanada highway. I think you can get a bus here." I explain. My cock is starting to get hard just being near these two.

"No Vancouver! But we were told that trucks from here go to Vancouver. We met two boys and they said that we could get rides here. We have no money for bus," she says. She turns to her friend and repeats our conversation to her friend in what does turn out to be Italian.

Her friend's eyes widen, "Hanno detto che potevamo ottenere un giro da qui a Vancouver. Hanno mentito. Ci hanno abbandonato qui. E dopo ..." says speaking Italian to her friend. She looks at me.

I obviously have no idea what she has just said except for Vancouver.

"... lasciate che noi cazzo. Sapevo che non avremmo dovuto farlo. Come ho lasciate che vi parli ad esso. Ora cosa facciamo?" she continues.

The first one looks at me, eyes me up and down.

I'm hard as a rock.

She turns to her friend, "La prima cosa da fare è prendere qualcosa da mangiare. Poi dobbiamo arrivare a questa città Thunder Bay. Noi non abbiamo soldi, ma quando si ha che ci fermarsi prima. Sai qual è il tuo preferito cosa da fare è. Ottenere qualcosa perché è un grande bonus. Guardatelo. E 'difficile. Egli ci vuole. Tutto ciò che dobbiamo è succhiare il suo cazzo e otteniamo nutriti e un giro." It looks and sounds like she is trying to talk her friend in to something.

Her friend looks at me, eyeing my crotch. She certainly doesn't look shocked.

"Ok, lo farò. Il tuo male e una cattiva influenza su di me!" she agrees. The first one giggles and sticks her tongue out at her friend.

"Hello, my name is Chris," the first introduces herself, "and this is my friend, Stefania and we have a problem that we hope you can help us with."

"Pleased to meet you Chris, Stefania. I'm Rom. Only too happy to help a couple of attractive young ladies. What can I do for you?" I ask.

Chris comes right out and says it, "We do not even know where Thunder Bay is, we have no money to buy food or bus tickets, Rom. So what we want to offer is, if you buy us food and takes us in your truck to Thunder Bay, we will give you blowjobs, let you come on our faces and then watch as we lick your sperm off one another's' face."

"Ah...ok...sure. Really?" Even without the incredibly sexy Italian accent, how could I say no?

Chris moves up close to me and rubs herself against me. "Oh grazie, grazie, Rom. We will suck you good so good. I promise. We are really good at it and blowjobs really are both our favourite thing to do," she purrs in my ear. Stefania smiles at me, wetting her lips with her tongue. Her nipples stand out through the thin material of her shirt.

I pick up their bags and load them in the truck cab storage compartment. Opening the door I help them both in to the sleeper cab. They both giggle and squeal as I grab their ass cheeks and help them up. We cram the three of us in the sleeper cab. I start to take of my leather jacket but Stefania stops me.

"No, per favore non fare, I like leather," she asks.

I lay in the middle of the bed. The two sluts lose no time in stripping of their t-shirts. Kneeling on each side of me they work and have my pants down as quick. Then teasingly they both touch my cock lightly through my boxers. They each squeeze slightly and move their hand back and forth. 

"E 'grande non è vero. Sono così felice che abbiamo trovato un uomo con un bel cazzo grosso," Stefania says.

"Stefania likes how big your cock is," Chris says, "So do I." She leans over and kisses me, sticking her tongue in my mouth. I take her by the back of the head and kiss her hard back. Stefania fishes my cock out.

"Gesù Cristo, you have a nice cock, Rom," she tells me. Her fingers do not meet as she holds the base of my cock. Stefania leans forward and licks the head of my cock lightly. She moves her hand up, milking my cock. A drop of pre-come appears, her tongue flicks out to lick it off. Stefania opens her mouth and starts to slowly take my cock in her mouth. She works her tongue around the head and sucks as she engulfs my cock

Chris breaks off the kiss and puts her hand on Stefania's head. "Lo schifo, cagna," she demands. She grips her hair and guides Stefania to take more of my cock.

Stefania yields to Chris' hand pressure and takes my cock to the balls. She pulls up, twisting her mouth around my cock, laps the head with her tongue then goes back down to the balls. Stefania sucks my cock, fucking her mouth up and down, faster and faster. My cock is soaking wet with her spit.

Chris pulls her by the hair off my cock. "Il mio turno, sciattona," she tells Stefania and dives down to equal Stefania taking my cock completely in her mouth.

Stefania grins evilly and pushes down on Chris' head. "Poi prendere, puttana," she sneers at her friend.

Chris chokes as Stefania forces her head down that last bit. Sefania puts two hands on Chris' head, grabs her by the ears and fucks her cock sucking partner's face up and down on my cock. Chris gasps for a breath as Stefania pulls her head up and then has the breath choked off as she is pushed down on to my cock.

"Che è, soffocare su di esso, puttana," sneers Stefania.

Chris takes it like a pornstar. Drool runs from her mouth and down my cock. Stefania pulls Chris' mouth of my cock, releasing her hold on her head, she dives down on my cock. Using her tongue she licks Chris' spit of my cock. Chris goes down to join Stefania. Each wrapping a hand around the lower part of my cock, they jack my cock up and down. They both use their tongues and mouths to suck and kick at my cock. Drops of pre-come eagerly licked up. Their tongues dueling for the opportunity.

My toes curl as they both use their tongues on the head of my cock. I put a hand to each of these fine Euro trash sluts. They kiss my cock, their tongues colliding and interacting across the tip of my swollen cock.

My cock swells even larger. The head engorged, shining wet with spit and pre-come. I erupt in a shuddering orgasm, sperm spurts from my cock. Each slut takes a blast of come on the face. The rest smears their lips and faces or runs down my cock. Their hands milk my cock. Every last drop is either licked up or smeared on a face. Filthy wet mouths show they have not swallowed yet. They kiss each other over my cock, trading come and spit, mixing and sharing equally. They both swallow, a couple of times and then proceed to clean my cock and each other's faces. Using their tongues as towels, licking, sucking and swallowing any liquid.

I lay back and try to catch my breath. "Holy fuck! That was amazing," I gasp, still quivering. Looking up, I see each lean down, in turn, to lick a missed drop of come, from her partner's breast. "Wow, oh my," I whisper. I struggle to sit up. Being such nice girls they help me up. They pull up my shorts and pants and tuck away my cock. Each gives it a kiss before it is tucked away. We all kiss with lots of tongue. Their half-naked bodies rubbing against me and each other.

Reluctantly it is I who break it up. I give each one a hard pinch on a nipple, being rewarded with a wince, an ow and a grin from each. "How about that lunch, I owe you girls?" I ask, "I'm hungry. Let's go." I squeeze out between them and fire up the rig. 

Chris leans out the sleeper. I stare at her tits hanging down. "Where are we going to eat, Rom?" she asks.

"I know a great place just down the road. Great steak and cold beer. You girls are going to love it I know. It's right up your alley."

The English idiom gets past her. "My alley! You mean the back lane behind a house?" Chris asks.

I laugh, "Yeah, your back alley." I give her a wink, and blast the air horns.

Chris jumps and grins brightly. Stefania cries out from the back. Chris looks back, sees Stefania moaning on the bed with her hand between her legs. The horny slut had been touching herself and was on the edge of coming when the horns sound over her head. "She is okay. Your horns scared so much she came. The grossolano sciattona!" laughs Chris. "No, tu sei uno slut comune. Sono un slut squisito," replies. "Bugiardo," Chris laughs and jumps Stefania giggling like a maniac.

I give the horns a blast. The sluts shriek and giggle and we are on the road again.