 All names and characters contained herein are fictitious and do not intentionally relate to any person, either living or dead. This story is a work of fiction, a fantasy -- so read it with a grain of salt and an open mind. Voting and feedback is greatly appreciated, especially positive feedback and frequent "fives".

Euro Spa Elite 

As a traveling businessman I was fortunate enough to enjoy a week in San Francisco recently. I stayed at the plush five-star Westin St. Francis in downtown, very close to the financial district. Unfortunately, this trip was for a business conference, replete with business lunches, business dinners and the obligatory cocktail or two to end each busy evening. During the trip I did not get to see much of the beautiful city, as my schedule was tightly packed with my conference agenda.

Toward the end of my final day my last customer cancelled his dinner, leaving me with an evening free. I looked at the tourist catalog in my room and contemplated catching a trolley car down to Ghirardelli Square and meandering over to Fisherman's Wharf for a delicious bowl of San Francisco clam chowder. My back was a little sore from sleeping on an unfamiliar hotel room bed so instead I decided to inquire at the concierge's desk about a massage.

The concierge, a nattily-dressed gay man, informed me that massages at the Westin St. Francis need to be booked well in advance. Leaning to the side, and holding a hand alongside his mouth he whispered, "however, I can direct you to a VERY discreet spa in the area, if you are interested…"

***********

The entrance was a huge, dark windowless oak door in the side of a building a few streets over from my hotel. Next to the door was a brass plaque that simply read "Euro Spa Elite". Below the plaque was an ornate doorbell, and fifteen feet up a video camera took in my appearance. I rang the bell and a few seconds later the door clicked and opened a few inches. I guess I passed inspection in my charcoal brooks brothers suit and shiny wingtips.

The lobby interior contrasted sharply with the stark concrete street behind me. One entire wall was a softly bubbling waterfall emptying into a terrazzo pool. A fountain was formed by a stream of water splashing over the face of a nude young girl on her knees, hands clasped in prayer. The carving was exquisite – I could almost see the innocence and joy in her cold stone eyes. The walls and ceiling were made of dark paneling, with European wall sconces enveloping the room in a soft, amber glow. A large, impressive counter ran the length of one wall. Behind the counter stood a tall, elegant, well-dressed young woman. She appraised me briefly, apparently liked what she saw, and smiled warmly. 

"Welcome to Euro Spa Elite. You must be Mr. Winter? Jerome at the St. Francis called ahead…"

"Uh, yes. I'm hoping I can get a massage…all this walking up and down hills." I grimaced and clutched my lower back.

"I'm sure we can accommodate you. Here, have a look at our menu." She extended a slim, elegant arm and handed me a large, leather-bound sheet of vellum paper.

 Massage Therapy

Aromatherapy

Swedish Massage

Shiatsu Massage

Warm Ocean Rock Massage

Submissive Release Massage