 This work is copyrighted to the author LuckOfTheDraw in the year 2003. 

Please do not remove the author information or make any changes to this story. This story may not be posted to any site, free or otherwise, without the written permission of the author. Thank you for your consideration.

================

It had been a long flight from Dallas to Frankfurt in late June, and I was glad to be able to check into my hotel in the heart of town at around 1 PM or so. A long relaxing bath, a snack ordered up to my room and I hit the sack for some much needed sleep to take the edge off that jet lag. I had no meetings till the next morning anyway. It was about 6 when I awoke.

I looked out of the window and saw that it was one of those grandly beautiful summer evenings. Suddenly the thought of remaining cooped up in the hotel seemed the worst possible way of enjoying the weather. I'd been to Frankfurt very frequently before and knew my way around well. I decided to take a stroll down to the city center, the Romer, and select a cafe, possible on the riverside, for my dinner.

It was a short walk down to the Alte Oper and then beyond to the Romer. The sight of all those lovely German women in skimpy summer dresses lifted my spirits, already buoyant, even higher. It had been a hectic trip to Dallas, with no time for any feminine company, and my hunger was starting to assert itself. I needed a woman, and I didn't know how the hell I was going to manage it.

At the Romer I decided to take a break. There was a young man in the middle of the square playing the violin, and wonderfully well too. I sat down on the steps of the old town hall to listen to him.

Presently I became aware of a movement in the periphery of my vision. I looked to my right and saw that it was a woman who had just seated herself on the steps a short distance from me. She had brown hair drawn back to the back of her head and clasped with a hairclip. Her skin was slightly darker. Mediterranean, I decided. Italian or Spanish maybe. She was dressed in a dark green printed full-length dress, but which was sleeveless and held up by a pair of rather skimpy shoulder straps. In profile, her eyes seemed large and her mouth wide and full. 

I studied her covertly. She seemed very slim, thin almost, and I could make out the tendons on her brown arms. I wondered how old she was. She had that kind of very thin arresting beauty that makes an older woman look very sexy. Just then she got up and started down the steps.

It was then that I completely forgot about the violinist. Her dress seemed to be made of some stretch material, although it was not transparent at all, and it molded itself tightly around her hips. Her figure was as slim or thin that it had appeared to be the first time I saw her, but it was her ass that grabbed my attention. It was firm and jutting, almost muscular, like a long distance runner's. The tight dress outlined the cheeks clearly, and I could see no distinct panty lines. My cock gave a jump as I saw her. I needed to grab that ass in my palms, needed to feel my belly banging against those jutting cheeks.

Then, to my consternation, I saw that she had crossed the square only to seat herself on a bench next to a man and a young boy. There goes my luck, I thought, obviously her husband and son. She lit up a cigarette and all of us sat there listening to the violinist.

As he finished the piece, the man and boy got up and started walking away. She remained where she was, still smoking her cigarette. My heart began to beat faster. Perhaps this would be my lucky day after all. I sat there looking steadily at her. She glanced my way a couple of times but gave no indication that she had noticed me at all.

She finished her cigarette, got up and started walking towards the river. I rose to my feet and began following her. I must have been about fifty yards behind her to start with. She seemed in no great hurry, and I had soon caught up to about ten feet behind her. My eyes were fixed on that gorgeous ass. She swayed her hips beautifully as she walked and the jutting cheeks moved perfectly in rhythm. No quivering of excess flesh. Not even one extra gram there.

She stopped at the road running next to the river, waiting for the light to turn green. I drew level with her, next to her, and took a good look at her. Her breasts were small, but firm and upstanding. Her figure was thin, absolutely spare, yet clearly graceful and strong. The bare arms were thin, but muscular. She was like a beautiful sleek animal. Something feline, a cat or cheetah maybe. The bone structure of the face was stunningly well defined, not the kind of face one forgets easily. The skin was tight over the high cheekbones, giving it a look just short of gaunt. I would have loved to photograph her in black and white. The hair was thick, drawn back tightly from a forehead that have her face a heart shaped appearance.

The light changed and we crossed the road. We had arrived at the footbridge that spans the river in the center of Frankfurt. I followed her up the steps to the bridge. She stopped about ten yards across the bridge and leant against the railing admiring the magnificent view. I took a deep breath and stopped just beyond her, apparently aimlessly looking at view as well. 

We stood there for some seconds, and then I turned and gave her a direct look. I smiled at her as her eyes crossed mine. She gave a small smile in return and went back to her contemplation of the view. 

I was wondering how to take it on from there, if there was anything to take on at all. She took the decision out of my hands by suddenly speaking to me.

"Koennen Sie.." her German was halting.

"I'm sorry, I'm new here." I smiled. "Do you speak English?"

"Yes, of course." she said with relief. Her accent sounded like she was Spanish. "I wanted to request you, would you take a photograph of me using my camera?"

"Certainly." I replied, and she fished out a small instant camera from her bag.

She posed against a backdrop of the church across the river. The blue sky and quiet waters of the river completed a memorable vista. I clicked the shutter and handed the camera back to her.

"Thank you." she said.

"My pleasure." I replied. " A lovely scene for such a beautiful woman."

She flashed a wide, really outstanding smile at me and turned round and continued down the bridge. I followed her, my blood racing. I had to do it. Now.

On the steps of the bridge on the other side, I said, " Excuse me".

She turned round, inquiry in her eyes.

" I hope you don't mind my speaking to you like this," I said "but I'm also a visitor here. I just wanted to ask you if you would like to maybe have a cup of coffee with me. I know it sounds strange, but I would be really happy if we could."

Her mouth parted a little in astonishment. Then she appeared to think it over and smiled at me.

"OK." she said.

I felt like the cat which had swallowed the canary. "Wonderful" I said. "Why don't we go to one of those floating restaurants on the river. It is such a beautiful evening"

"That would be nice." she said. Her voice was just so slightly deep. Liquid and sexy with that Spanish accent.

"I'm Mara" she informed me after I'd introduced myself as we walked.

We went down to the deck of the restaurant boat. There was a sprinkling of guests, mostly cuddly couples, I was glad to notice. I sat down next to her instead of across. A glimmer of a smile touched her lips as she watched me take my seat.

"Why don't we have a glass of wine?" I said. "The weather's perfect."

"Yes. That would be perfect" she said. Again there was that wide, utterly breathtaking smile.

We talked of this and that as we sipped our wine. She was from Mexico City, she said, on a guided tour of Europe. She had decided to take a walk on her own around the city, as she needed to get away from her group and be on her own for a while. I found her charming and very easy to talk to. She was very much into fitness and workouts and spent around two hours a day in the gym. That explained the figure and body. We had got to know each other pretty well by the time we were halfway through our second glass.

She was sitting leaning forward on the table by then, as was I, and we were looking directly into each other's eyes. The ache in my loins was fierce. She was laughing at something I had said, her deep brown eyes alight. I let me hand move across the table and gently brush her arm. She didn't draw away, but kept looking at me. Now was the moment.

I leaned across and kissed her. Her mouth met mine a little tentatively at first, but her lips clung to mine as I continued to kiss her. I moved my hand across to gently cup her cheek.

In a short while she made as though to end the kiss, but I kept my hand on her cheek and continued the kiss. Her lips opened slowly as I did this and our tongues started to tease each other slowly. 

We sat there kissing for quite a while. Then she broke the kiss and looked at me.

"What a nice kiss" she said.

There was only one response to that and I leaned across and kissed her again, my lips more fierce this time. She met me more than halfway. Our breath came raggedly as we broke apart again what seemed a very long time later.

" I want to sit next to you" I said and moved across to join her on the wide seat. Enough space for two people. I put my arm round her and was then able to feel the tautness of the skin on her arm. 

It took us quite a while to finish our wine. Our passion had become such that we had started to attract smiles from some of the other couples. It was almost dark by then and it was time to move on.

We walked down the gangway of the boat and stepped onto the path that runs right next to the river. There were the last few people strolling and kids playing. I held her elbow and guided her unresistingly to one side of the path.

She came into my arms and locked her arms around my neck. Her body molded itself to mine and she could definitely feel my raging erection. There was no hesitation about her tongue now, her mouth was almost devouring mine.

At last. I moved my hands down her bath and held that wonderful ass in my palms for the first time. They were firm and muscular, much more so than I had ever come across in a woman before. I squeezed the cheeks hard and she gasped as her nails dug into the back of my neck. I moved my mouth to her ear and licked the inside. Our bodies were hot and molded against each other.

She broke the kiss, gasping.

"Let's move on. It's getting dark. I have to reach back to my hotel on the other side."

"OK." I said, although a little disappointed.

We reached the road bridge and stepped onto to the pavement. Halfway across the bridge she stopped and leaned against the railing, looking back on the skyline with the church faintly outlined under the lights of the city.

"I want to remember it exactly as it is" she said.

I moved behind her and kissed the nape of her neck. She pressed back against me and I pushed my hips and my engorged cock against her ass. The cheeks seemed to part slightly under the pressure and the sensation was indescribable as my cock nestled ever so slightly in the crack. I had my hands on the sides of her hips now, and I could make out she was wearing panties with a very thin elastic. Thongs, I decided.

I moved my hands up and cupped her breasts. They were quite small, but very firm like the rest of her. The bodice of the dress had some padding to give it a silhouette, but I could still feel the erect nipples against my palms. The blood was pounding so hard in my chest I thought it would burst.

"I never felt like this before" she gasped. "Never."

Then she seemed to make up her mind.

"Come on" she said, taking my hand. "Let's cross the road."

She seemed to know what she was doing as we almost ran across the road. We crossed to the end of the bridge and it was then that I realized what she had in mind. Just like on the other side, there was a path next to the river. But there were no boats this side, and it appeared completely deserted.

We came onto the path and started making our way down. About fifty yards down we came across a bench with clumps of bushes on either side. It seemed perfect.

On the bench there was no holding us back. My hand was inside the dress squeezing her nipples in no time at all as we kept kissing fiercely. But that wasn't enough for me.

I moved her dress up past her knees as she lay back against the bench with her legs slowly parting. She wasn't wearing any stockings in that warm weather and soon my fingers were brushing against the taut fabric of her thongs. I could feel the hot slick wetness against my fingers. She was moaning deep in her throat now.

I slipped the fabric of the thong aside and moved my finger slowly up her cunt lips. Her cunt was as hot as a furnace. I very slowly pushed one finger in and out and her hips bucked against my hand. Soon I was rubbing her clitoris and her body was starting to shake. Her thighs came together in a vice like grip around my hand as her body shuddered with her orgasm. Her head was thrown back and the lips drawn back against her teeth to stop herself from screaming.

I knelt down on the grass on started to lick the inside of her thighs. Her legs were wide open to the path and the river.

"No" she said. " Someone might see us." "We'll see" was my only response as I continued to kiss and lick my way up her thighs. I reached up and pulled down her panties. Black, or something very dark, I was just about to make out

Her legs parted even wider and her cunt pushed against my mouth as I tongued her. Her cunt smelt heavenly with a strong feminine aroma. I pushed my nose deeper into her cunt, wanting to take in as much as I could.

I licked her lips deeply and soon was giving her clit a real tongue lashing, with one finger fucking her cunt at the same time. Her body was going crazy even on the hard bench. Her thighs clamped suddenly around my head as she had a second and shattering orgasm.

I came back onto the bench as she recovered her breath. It was her turn now. Her hands moved down to my trousers, unzipped them, and freed my raging erection.

"Beautiful" she said as she stroked the head.

She knelt down on the grass now and those luscious full lips took my cock slowly, deeply into her mouth. She obviously knew a good deal, because she moved her mouth up and down my cock in the classic 'figure-of eight' movement, pausing at the top to run her tongue around the rim and flick it against the orifice. I could feel my balls starting to tighten and I knew I would come pretty soon if she carried on like that.

"No" I said. " I want to fuck you."

"It's not safe" she said"

"I've got a condom, don't worry" I said. And indeed I always carry one in my wallet. One should always be primed for action!

We both got up and moved behind the bench and she bent down over the back of the bench. I pulled her skirt up over her hips and finally my dream came truly true and my cock rammed home into her cunt.

I was quickly reaming her for all I was worth and she was bucking back against me with equal abandon. She was incredibly skilful at fucking. Her cunt was tight and unbelievable slick, like hot slippery velvet. It felt like she had little fingers inside her that continuously grasped and released my pumping shaft. Her ass was rotating and thrusting in time with my strokes. She was squirming and moaning 'Yes, yes, don't stop". I could feel her tightening and trembling, building up for a big one, and I was right there with her. All of a sudden she squealed, and went really crazy against my cock. And then she exploded, and I spewed like a volcano inside her twisting, squirming cunt. 

I held her there against the back of that bench, letting the intoxicating afterglow wash over us. Then we slowly came up for air, giggling like schoolchildren.

"That was wonderful. Better than anything I expected when I first asked you to take that photograph."

"Quite a show for anyone who peeked" I agreed.

"I'm keeping a souvenir" I added.

Her eyebrows lifted.

"Your panties" I explained indicating the scrap of cloth on the bench.

She laughed a lovely gurgling full-throated laugh.

"Be my guest" she said.

I still have those thongs! All I need to do is to put them against my face and I can smell her again, the aroma as heady as it was that European summer evening last year.

==================

Author' note: This was a completely true experience, and I hope it brings as much joy to readers as it did to me. Please send your feedback to the address in my profile.