 I crave feedback so please let me know what you thought.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

There stood Etherus Just as before frozen in the pose he had worn for more than a century. 

Kathryn looked down and marveled at the care the creator had taken in the upright appendage, every ripple, every vein, had been meticulously carved, making it seemed to pulse with realism. She reached out and grasped it gingerly quite shocked at the width, her tiny fingers unable to touch on top. The marble was warm, she supposed from pressing against her and she dropped slowly down to take it into her mouth. A little at first and slightly further each stroke. 

Kathryn was amazed that she could feel no trace of the porous marble other than in the unyielding hardness. She stood trembling slightly and once again looked around nervously. She had reached her point of no return.

With one hand around mighty Etherus's neck, She stood completely on tiptoe, lifted her left leg and straddled his cock. Gently she slipped its girth between the velvety petals of her moist pussy, her wetness coating the ancient marble. Stopping with it only a little way inside Kathryn wrapped her legs about his torso and used them to rise up before sliding down a little further. Gradually, she took his massive shaft deeper and deeper inside. 

Kathryn closed her eyes and let her head fall back, her hair dangling as she rode the elicit godling, the rise and fall becoming automatic seeming to need no work from her at all. She could almost feel a gentle pulsing in the rigid marble as it took her again and again. It seemed to reach spots and cause sensations she had never experienced and soon she was overwhelmed. 

The rush came from deep inside, shooting up her spine, erupting from her nipples as she felt them brush his cool chest, finally to burst within her head in wave after wave of orgasm. 

Kathryn rested her forehead against his shoulder, every movement sending white hot sparks through her over sensitized sex, as the unspent shaft still worked it's magic inside her, magic that was quickly becoming tortuous pleasure as she sought a moment's break from stimulation.

She reached a leg down momentarily taken him even deeper before finding purchase to lift herself off, once free she swung her other leg around to get down but found herself pressed against Etherus from behind. The slick shaft pressed tightly along the crack of her ass. Kathryn side and felt herself bent forward aligning herself to be taken once again. Her sex opened as the tip slipped up and down along it welcoming it once again into warm embrace of womanhood. 

Kathryn's eyes rolled in her head as she struggled to match the thrusting without falling forward. She gratefully welcomed the gently tugging on her hair as it helped her keep her feet. The firmness of the rough grip on her left hip was the first sensation to make it past Kathryn's pleasure filled mind, and even then it was too late. 

The arrival of her second orgasm quickly washed away her fear of being fucked by this impossible partner. Kathryn bucked, lifting back and pressing herself against the perfection of her lover's chest, she felt his lips pressing against her neck as the stone hands cupped her breasts, rolling and tugging the nipples with a gentleness unexpected from a living rock. 

The right hand slid downward splaying out to hold her close as she felt the massive body bend slightly forward then with a final thrust hold her tightly. Kathryn felt the cock in her swell yet bigger before rhythmically bathing her insides with its godly seed. 

She swooned as her orgasm was intensified with the insistent pulsing of her lover's shaft, every few seconds Etherus would bend his legs before thrusting yet again to empty himself completely.

Kathryn had no more strength. She felt Etherus holding her up as he slipped from within her, she then felt what could only be a still erect cock as he slid it up and down along the crack of her ass. Kathryn gave herself to his will even when she felt him scooping their juices from her pussy and rubbing them on the tight entrance to her ass. She wanted him to stop but was to worn out to do anything about it.  He placed the tip against her and began to slowly push inside her, Kathryn felt herself begin to open and then she slipped quietly into unconsciousness.  Kathryn slowly opened her eyes and blinked trying to focus them. She was stiff and a little sore and hadn't quite figured out exactly where she was. The room took on a sharper focus and she realized the coolness pressing against her cheek was the statue Etherus. She was sitting at his feet with her back against one of his legs.  Rubbing her eyes she turned her head and noticed that Etherus's proud manhood was now hanging properly spent but no less impressive in size in it's flaccid state. The tip held a single drop of pearly fluid and looking down Kathryn was transfixed by the splash upon her shoulder and the thin alabaster streak where the drip had slid down her breast.

The lights in the museum came suddenly to full power. Glancing at the clock, Kathryn realized she had only minutes until opening. Sliding quickly into her dress and gathering her overcoat Kathryn tried her best to arrange herself and look as if she had just arrived. She was just sitting upon the bench when she heard feet on the tiled hall.  An older man walked in and nodded to Kathryn in greeting. His eyes widened slowly and he seemed to take a second more careful look at her. Kathryn smiled and anxiously turned her head hoping he would go about his business.

He did not. "Excuse me miss." His voice seemed loud in the silence of the museum as he walked closer. "Excuse me," he started again as Kathryn slowly turned to acknowledge him. "Ahhhhh yes, I see." He finished as Kathryn wondered silently what he was talking about.

The caretaker began undoing his trousers. "What are you doing! Kathryn exclaimed with as much courage as she could muster. "Hush now Missy." He admonished her with the soothing of a grandfather. "We both no what you have been about here last night." Kathryn froze, her hand coming to her mouth trying to decide how best to answer.

"You're not the first you see, I recon you are about the fifth since I started. It took me three before I figured out what was happening, young ladies already inside before the museum opened looking all disheveled. I was quiet confused till I installed the camera's."

Kathryn looked up shamefully; Sure enough the little black camera in the corner of the room was focused right on the statue. 

"Now we can go about this a few ways." He said to her sternly. "You can take care of a lonely old man right now, then walk out of here free and clear, or we can review the tape and see if there are any talents you have that may truly interest me. Otherwise I will just call the police and let you explain why you were in my Museum all night."

"No, no please I… I'll do the first." She pleaded dropping her eyes as she slipped off the bench onto her knees.

The caretaker came forward his cock dangling in front of Kathryn's face. She glanced at the statue it seemed to be watching amusedly as she reached out and took hold of him. He had a respectable cock for an older guy and Kathryn quickly bent to her task giving him long solid strokes into her mouth.

The caretaker reached out and stroked her hair several times before taking hold and really getting into the act. He kept muttering about nasty little girls doing naughty things in his museum. The way he phrased them made Kathryn realize that he had a particular fixation on naughty girls and she used that to her advantage. Opening her eyes big and wide she slipped him from her mouth, rubbed him along her cheek and pleaded "Please don't punish me Sir, I promise never to be Naughty again."  His eyes seemed to roll back in his head and as Kathryn took him in again he seemed to thrust harder. "I should think not missy! Not at all the way a girl should act. "Down.…..  right….   shameful." He spat as his words came slower and slower. Kathryn knew he was close and soon felt to the tell tale presence of his cock swelling for release. He yanked her hair holding her face tightly to his abdomen. Stream after stream of salty cum rushed into her mouth as Kathryn struggled not to choke. The caretaker grunted with every shot, finally overwhelming Kathryn's ability to take it all. Some burst out of the side of her lips to drip down her chin and neck. 

He held her tightly still sliding out just enough and ordered her to swallow. Kathryn did and he finally turned her loose. 

Kathryn dropped to her hands and coughed, taking a moment to catch her breath.  Looking up she saw the caretaker tucking himself into his pants, he smiled and said "Thanks Missy, take a moment and wipe your lips before you leave. I keep the tapes as insurance against you turning me in but I promise it will see no ones eyes but mine on occasion when I am in the mood."With that he turned and left. 

Kathryn got to her feet and arranged her clothes once again then walked quickly from the room. At the first opportunity, she dove into the ladies room to set herself straight. Looking in the mirror she realized what the man had been saying, looking back at her was her face looking slightly younger, hair out of sorts with a definite bunch where he had grabbed, and two very alabaster lips reminiscent of her midnight activities and only slightly worn off by the caretaker's cock.

I crave feedback so please let me know what you thought.