 How we met

Guess I should start with how I met my wife. In the mid 70's I had just gotten out of the service and started a business building custom cabinets and remodeling kitchens. I got a call from a new customer to remodel their kitchen. I met with Jim & Deborah, a nice couple in their mid-forties at their suburban home. We discussed plans, budgets, etc. Jim told me his wife had his permission to get whatever she wants, shook my hand and left.

Two days later, I returned to meet with Deborah with drawings and a price. When she opened the door, she was wearing very short cut-off jeans and a tank top. Deborah is hot, blonde hair, blue eyes, perfect ass, nice firm tits, it was obviously she was not wearing a bra, as I could make out her nipples hard as rocks and poking out from her top. She was the definition of a MILF. She leans into me, gives me a hug and a kiss on the cheek like we were old friends.

"Come in Dan, I've been waiting for you."

As she turns around to lead me into the house, the bottom of her ass cheeks are hanging out of her shorts. I stood there frozen in place for a moment and thought, "Holy shit, here's the woman of my dreams." After regaining my senses and willing my raging hardon to go down, I followed her into the kitchen to sit down and discuss the plans.

She pulls her chair over and sits right next to me. As I'm going over the plan and costs of the project, she rests her hand on my leg and sits very close to me. She is so close that every motion she makes is rubbing her tits against my arm.

After getting through all the details, she tells me, "Great, when can you start?" and writes a more than adequate check for a deposit.

"I'll can start the next week," I tell her. She agrees. I went home and jerked off thinking about her.

When I show up to start the work Monday, Deborah greets me at the door wearing a tiny bikini with a sheer cover up. She gives me a hug, mashing her tits against me and a plants kiss on my cheek. She then tells me, she will be out by the pool working on her tan if I need anything. As she walks away, I could have sworn she put an extra wiggle to her ass.

The entire week I'm working, she is parading around in bikini or short shorts with a skimpy top. Every outfit all but showing me everything she had to offer. I struggled with a hardon almost constantly and would end my day jerking off to the thought about fucking this gorgeous woman.

As I'm finishing the job, I noticed a picture of a woman on the fireplace mantle that I hadn't ever seen before. Beautiful, long dark hair, piercing blue eyes, and a sexy sensuous smile. 

When Deborah noticed me looking at it, she asked, "Do you liked what you see?"

I replied, "Hell yes, who is this gorgeous creature?"

She tells me, "It's my daughter Jean. She is going to college."

I tell her, "I know where she gets her hot good looks from."

She leans into me and gives me a kiss on the lips this time, thanking me for the compliment.

The next day, I finish up their kitchen. Deborah squeals with delight, "It's so beautiful! I love it!" She hands me a check for the final payment plus a nice bonus. "My daughter Jean will be home from college next week and needs a date for her cousins wedding on Saturday. I want to set you two up for a blind date, I think you both will hit it off great."

I nod my head, immediately agreeing as I think about her picture.

I arrive at their home at appointed time to pick her up and went to the door. Deborah answered it and gave me another big hug and kiss on the cheek telling me to come in. She said, "Jean will be ready soon."

Jim comes out of his home office, walks up to me and shakes me my hand. "Thank you for doing such a great job on the kitchen." "I'm going to tell everyone about how good this looks!"

After a few minutes chatting with Jim and Deborah, Jean comes down the stairs. "I'm ready to go," she says. My chin hits the floor and my cock got instantly hard. There on the steps was the most beautiful, sensuous woman I have ever seen. I was dumbfounded. Jean stands just a few inches shorter than me, maybe 5'8", and looks to weigh 120 pounds. Her long curly dark hair cascades over one bare shoulder, and her eyes were the most mesmerizing blue I'd ever seen. She was wearing a form fitting black wrap around dress that came off the shoulder showing every delicious curve as well as a fair amount of cleavage and leg.

I stood there with my mouth hanging open. Deborah leans over and whispers in my ear, "Close your mouth and stop drooling."

Jean walks over to me, and with a hug tells me, "I'm so glad to finally meet you. Mom told me so much about you. We're going to have so much fun."

After stuttering for few minutes I gain my composure and we walk out to my car, a 1973 Mustang Mach 1. Her parents tell us to have fun and they will see us at the wedding.

I open the door for her and as she gets in the car the hem of her dress rides up showing a lot more of her sexy legs. I try to subtly adjust my hardon as I walk around the car trying to make it not so obvious. When I get in the car, she tells me, "I love hot cars and hot men, and right now I have both." I almost lost it right then.

The drive to the wedding was about a 45 minutes and we had a wonderful conversation. She told me about studying to be a nurse. We talked about my work and time in the service. The whole time we talked, she is sitting facing me and showing a lot of leg and cleavage. It was all I could do to keep the car on the road and carry on an intelligent conversation with her.

To be honest I didn't care about the wedding, and I wasn't really paying any attention to anything other than Jean. At the reception she was always by my side, holding hands like we had been together for years instead of just meeting that day. We were very comfortable together.

Once the bride and groom had cut the cake and the bride had thrown the bouquet, the band started playing some serious dance tunes. We got up and hit the dance floor. Jean was the most sensual dancer I'd ever been with. Everything just oozed sexy from her. After a bit we took a break, sat down to cool off and have a drink.

Later that evening we were sitting there talking with her parents, when the band started playing "Lets get it on" by Marvin Gaye. I must tell you this was my go to song. I grabbed Jean by the hand and took her out to the dance floor. We started dancing. She put her arms around my neck, and I pulled her in tight and started moving to the sexy beat of the music. 

My hand slid down her back and I grabbed her hips just above her ass and pulled her even closer to me. Now my leg was between hers, and my hard cock was rubbing against her stomach. Her tits were pushing into me, and I could feel her hard nipples poking me through her dress. We were hardly moving, it was more grinding onto each other and swaying to the beat of the music. Towards the end of the song, I felt her whole body shudder and I knew she climaxed.

We went and sat down at the table with her parents and Jean said she had to go to the ladies room. As soon as she left, Deborah grabs me to go dance with her. The first song was a fast one and I appreciated the sight before me, she could really move. The next song was a slow one and she pulled me close to her and started moving to the beat. I knew she could feel my hard cock pressing into her, as she pulled me even closer, she whispers in my ear that she knew Jean and I would hit it off and Jean was a lucky girl.

After the song ended we went back to the table. Jean was waiting for us and smiled, asking "Did you have fun dancing with my mom?"

I said, "I did."

She then told me, "I'm tired, let's go."

I nodded in agreement and said, "Okay."

Deborah gave me a hug and a kiss and then winked at me. Jim shook my hand and told us to have fun. As we were leaving, I was wondering what kind of family had I hooked up with.

When the valet got the car, I opened the door for Jean. She slid into the seat and this time the hem of her dress rode up all the way to her panties. The valet and I had a wonderful eyeful of her sexy legs.

Once I started driving, Jean turned in her seat to face me. Again her dress to rode up, exposing the tops of her legs. When she didn't do anything to cover up, I reached over with my right hand and started stroking up and down her thighs. She relaxed back in her seat and I swear it sounded like she purred. I kept moving my hand higher and further up her legs, when I touched her panties I could tell she was wet. I started to move my fingers around, rubbing up and down her lips. When I touched her clit through her panties, she shuddered and climaxed. Her panties were now soaking.

She leaned over and into me, her tits brushing against my arm and started stroking my cock through my pants. She told me how good it felt and she couldn't wait to play with it.

That was it. I pulled the car behind an office building, it was about 11:00 pm by now. After I parked the car, I went around and pulled Jean out. I pushed her over the hood and lifted her dress to her waist, exposing her perfect tight ass. I unzipped my pants and pulled out my raging hardon, and I told her to get ready for the fuck of her life.

She turned her head to look at me and with a twinkle in her eye said, "Give it to me big boy!"

I pulled her panties and ripped them off her. I lined up my rock hard cock and stabbed it into her soaking wet pussy. With only my cock head in, she orgasms hard. On my next stroke, she screams and shakes, cumming again. I was so worked up that I started cumming all over pussy and ass. We laid there for a few minutes catching our breath with my softening cock still against her soaked pussy.

We finally got ourselves somewhat back together and got back in the car. The front of my pants were as soaked as her panties. As soon as I started driving down the highway, she begins to rub my cock with her left hand again. I look over and her dress was all the way up.

She is teasing her clit with her right hand and says, "I need to get this cock inside of me."

The next exit came up and I pulled off the highway. I found a nice hotel and checked us in. We parked the car and walked through the lobby to the elevator. Jean was all over me, rubbing against me with my hand on her ass. 

The desk clerk observed we had no luggage. He smiled and told us to have a good night.

I told him, "Trust me, I will."

As we got in the elevator, Jean turned to face me. I pulled the back of her dress up, showing the clerk her naked ass and the cum running down her leg. Jean shuddered again.

The elevator doors closed. Jean tells me, "That was so dirty, and such a turn on."

We barely made it into the room and now we are tearing at each others clothes. Jean stopped me and pushed me back on to the bed. She told me to watch and starts slowly unfastening her dress. Untying the sash of the dress, she turns her back to me and slowly allows the dress slide down her back. Soon her firm ass is exposed and the dress drops to the floor. Standing there in just her bra and heels, she bends over and I see her wet pussy. She reaches between legs and runs her finger up and down her slit. I pulled at my zipper to start undressing.

She tells me, "Stop. Let me do that."

She turns around holding her hands over her tits and pinches her nipples. I see that she is wearing a half cup bra that not only lifts and supports her beautiful tits but doesn't cover her nipples at all. Although I didn't think it was possible, my cock got even harder. She walks towards me with one hand massaging her tits and the other running a finger through her soaking wet slit.

Let me describe us at this point, Jean is 5'8" tall, 125 lbs, long dark wavy hair, piercing blue eyes, long legs, small toned stomach, and large c cup breasts with nipples that always seem to be hard.

I'm 6'2", 220 lbs, brown hair, blue eyes, fit toned abs, very little body hair, my cock is about 

7 ½ " but extremely thick, I got the nickname "beer can" from buddies in the service after they saw me in the shower.

Jean starts to undresses me and as she is pulling my pants and underwear down, my thick hard cock springs straight up.

"Holy shit! No wonder you couldn't get it in me."

She grabs my cock with both hands and starts slowly stroking me. She sticks her tongue out and licks the shaft up and down. Then she then opens her mouth as wide as she could and tries fit my cock in her mouth. After a moment of stretching, she finally manages to get the head of my cock in her mouth and starts sucking. She continued slowly and teasingly stroked my cock while occasionally licking my balls and shaft. She tells me that it needs to get really wet if she is going to take it in her pussy.

I just laid back, watching this beautiful sexy woman make love to my cock with her hands and mouth. About ten minutes later I was close and I told her I was going to cum. She tells me to feed her and jams the head of my cock back in her mouth and started stroking me faster. I came hard in her mouth. She tried to swallow it all, but some of it started dribbling out her mouth. I was in heaven. I could have died a very happy man at this point.

I sat up and took her bra off. I laid her down on the bed and told her it was my turn. I was going to make this a night to remember. laid down next to her and started kissing her. My hands moved over her smooth skin. I gave her little kisses along her jaw and around her neck. I brought my head up and kissed her eye lids. She made little mewling noises like a purring cat. Slowly I kissed and licked my way down her shoulder and arm leaving little bites along the way. Then one by one I sucked her fingers into my mouth and kissed her hand. I could feel her body quivering. I got back to her shoulder and worked my way down her chest, moving between her tits and down her stomach. I licked my way down the inside of her leg, and when I lifted her knee kissed the back of it, her whole quivered. She had another small orgasm.

I moved over to her other leg and continued kissing her all the way back up to her full tits. I stuck my tongue out and gently licked her hard nipple causing her to moan. I probably spent about ten minutes making love to her tits. I kept her moaning licking, sucking, biting, pinching her rock hard erect nipples. Soon she climaxed again.

Now, I got up on my knees and pulled her hips to the edge of the bed. Lifting her legs, I kissed along the insides of her thighs, teasing her but never quite touching her wet sensitive pussy. I finally started licking along her swollen lips. I moved my tongue up one side and then down the other. When I got to her clit, I teasingly licked it with the tip of my tongue for a few minutes before sucking it into my mouth. Gently, I held her engorged nub with my teeth, licking the end of it the whole time. Jean exploded, clutching the sheets with her whole body shaking as came all over my face.

She looked down at me with a lustful twinkle in her eye and tells me she thinks she's wet enough and wants my hard cock inside her now.

I stood up and started stroking my cock to get it hard again. I rubbed the head up and down her lips, brushing her clit with it each time. Jean moans and tells me to stop teasing and fuck her. Holding my cock in my hand, I slowly lean forward pushing into her. After a few pushes, the head of my cock slipped into her tight wet pussy. Jean climaxes and screams for me to hold still to let her get used to the width. A few minutes later, she tells me to go ahead and slowly work my thick cock into her. 

She wanted all of me in her. I started rolling my hips, and little by little sinking into her a bit more with each stroke. Her pussy was like a vise. Every time her muscles contracted around my cock, I felt heavenly and now I wasn't sure how long I could last. When I was buried halfway into her, she put her hands on my chest and told me to stop again for a minute to let her adjust. She was making that purring sound again while telling me she has never felt so full. I still had half my cock to go. 

After a few minutes, she grabbed her knees and pulled her legs back almost to her head and tells me to give her the rest of my cock and fuck her hard. I pulled my cock almost all the way out of her when I feel her pussy muscles start to grip my cock hard. I pushed into her as hard as I could. I continued for several strokes, pulling almost all the way out and then pushing hard back into her. After about nine or ten strokes, I felt my balls hit her ass and knew I was fully balls deep in her. I slowly pulled all the way out again and with one hard thrust buried my cock and held it there. Jean's whole body started shaking. She kicked her legs into the air and her eyes rolled back. She climaxed for about a minute. With her pussy contracting hard on my cock, I exploded in her.

We laid there for a few minutes in post coital bliss. My cock started to soften, still inside her. I'm thinking, "Holy shit!!, I've climaxed three times in the last two hours. That's a first." This was the most beautiful, sexy, sensuous women I have ever met.

I rolled off of her and we crawled under the covers. I don't think either one of us had anymore energy left to do anything else. Jean cuddled up to my side, draped her leg over mine, and started purring again.

We just laid there, hands slowly gently rubbing the other. Jean started crying, quiet whimpering cries. I'm thinking, "Oh fuck! I hurt her."

I apologized, "I didn't mean to hurt you, I got carried away."

After a moment, she stopped crying and told me, "Yeah, it hurt at first. But you didn't hurt me."

She snuggled closer to me, and told me she was crying because she has never felt so full, so content. No one else ever cared about her pleasure as much. She had never felt so utterly possessed by a man.

As we drifted off to sleep I could hear her purring again, I thought I was the luckiest man on earth.