 I looked across the room for her. Usually Eve is absent from art class, but today she decided to stick through the grueling three hours of staring at shoes, bell peppers, plants, and whatever other still life our teachers can muster up. There she was, with her giant clipboard on her lap, scribbling away on her drawing pad with the tiny stick of charcoal. She felt my gaze and looked up, and then I gave her a wry smile. Her serious expression loosened, and her eyes began to sparkle. She gave me a small, sly grin, and then went back to work.

A month ago, on the first day of class, I had noticed Eve and was bemused by her loveliness. I was only looking at her face, mind you. I have been sculpting her form in my mind since then. Her mixed white-Asian ethnicity makes her complexion so nice and fair, and she has a short, stylish haircut with little waves. I guess you could say she has a tomboyish sort of look. Her clothes are always subtly stylish, and my keen eye could tell she was an art major at first glance. It must be the way she carries herself, too. She has this manner about her, where she acts like she has been around art all her life, and she was born to be an artist. I think it is a kind of subtle bitchiness, but I still like her. She has always been nice to me.

Sometime during the third week of school, I noticed that Eve was wearing a tight pink baseball tee underneath her polo shirt. At this moment I kicked myself in the leg for not noticing the rest of Eve’s body before. For her size, Eve has extremely large breasts. I am not a breast expert, but I can safely say that her breasts are bigger than softballs. Maybe a D? She is about 5’4”, and she is thin, with nice flowing arms and slender legs. Most of the short Chinese girls I know have fairly flat chests, so it must be the other half of her ethnicity that gives her such a rack!

Throughout that class period during the third week, I could not help but ogle at Eve’s breasts. She kept touching them! Sometimes she would adjust her shirt, or pull it down or back. Any pulling motion of her shirt made her breasts protrude all the more. Eventually, she took off her polo, and that was when I could see the real shape of the breasts that looked so supple and soft. I always notice that girls with big breasts have creases on their shirts in between their breasts, and Eve was no exception. She had big, TIGHT creases. It seemed as if her breasts were about to tear the shirt down the center and jump out. That was what I wanted, and eventually that is what I got. Eventually, mind you.

Oh, did I tell you about the rest of Eve’s body? I forgot to mention that that day she was wearing those short collegiate boxers with the name of our college on her behind. Ah, thank you college bookstore for your short ass-hugging boxers. I never wear them, but I am so glad the girls do. The comfortable cotton flapped up and down with each of Eve’s steps, and the boxers were just short enough so that you could begin to see the round of her tight behind. It was during that class period when I decided I was going to fuck her. I wanted to fuck her, and I wanted to do it soon.

Later that period, I told my teachers I would sweep the charcoal off the tables that day so that they could go home. They jumped at the opportunity to go home and said that I was such a nice guy. Since it was so hot that day, everyone wanted to go home—even me. But, the heat also made the urge to fuck Eve stronger, and that feeling was the one that lucked out.

I could not even think of a way to approach Eve. We had talked a couple of times during class, but that was about it. I really wanted to fuck her, so I ran through the possibilities of how I could do it. Should I rape her? Should I reel her in with my insta-charm? Should I get to know her more, start a relationship, and then work my way up to it? The last option would take at least a month for me. “One month” was not an option for me at that point. “Right now” was the only option.

“Oh fuck it,” I said to myself. I went up to Eve and then asked her to stay after class while I was sweeping, because “there was a question I needed to ask her.” I was happy when she shrugged it off and agreed to stay after, and she was not weirded out by my request at all. I was even more delighted when my teachers shut the previously open doors on their way out. I set to it. I was going to go all out.

“Hey thanks for staying Eve.”

“So you had a question?”

“Yeh.” I leaned close to her ear. Then I whispered, “There’s no one here. You wanna fuck?” She looked at me and put her hand over her mouth and almost burst out laughing.

“Excuse me? Did want to do what?’”

I didn’t say anything back. Then she realized I was dead serious. Actually, at that moment I did not expect anything from her, except maybe a slap in the face. What happened after that was totally unexpected. She looked up into my eyes and gave a sly grin. That was all I needed.

I grabbed Eve and pulled her into me. I reached behind her and peeled the thin, moist shirt from her back until it was completely off. She was not wearing a bra. Ha. Lucky me. “Whew, it was getting fucking hot in here!” she laughed. I pulled her in and started kissing her. Our tongues mingled and danced in each others’ mouths. Then I did what had been nagging at me all day. I reached for her breasts and squeezed them. They felt so wonderfully soft. 

“Aah, oooh” she moaned softly. “Oh god that feels good. Squeeze my nipples. They’re extremely sensitive. Today’s been so hot, and I’ve been wanting to play with myself all day.” I was amazed at this girl’s candidness. I followed her directions like a loyal dog and gently twisted and pulled at her perky brown areolas. “Ooh! Yeehh!” she yelped.

Then Eve pulled away and backed up. “What are you doing?” I said. Although, halfway through the sentence I caught on. Before I had even finished it, she had already thrown off her boxers and had propped herself against one of the tables. I laughed.

“What are you laughing at?”

“I was just thinking of how that’s the table that Jack likes to work on. If he only knew what we’re about to do on it!” I said. Eve threw back her head and roared with laughter. Jack is my fastidious friend who hates using charcoal because it gets everywhere.

I ran up to her and she pounced on me like a wild animal. When we could not breath anymore from our heavy and hot kisses, I set her back on the table. She leaned back and was ready to do it missionary style. Just as I was about to stick my cock into her wet pussy, a thought popped into my mind.

“Wait a minute Eve, have you had sex before?”

After I asked that question, she raised one of her eyebrows at me. To this day I have no idea what that look meant. I brushed off her puzzling response and proceeded with the fuck. I poked the head of my cock into the entrance of her pussy. Then with some effort, I pushed it through, and then she gasped for air, like a diver who had been underwater too long. Eve’s cunt was very tight, but astonishingly slick. She must have been more horny than I was that day because she was soaking wet! I pumped her hard against the table, and she did not hold back at all.

“Oh fuck yes! Fuck me harder! Oh god! Fuck! I’m going to come!” she screamed. She bucked wildly against my hips, and then both of us came fast. Talk about being a minute-man. None of that mattered, though, because both of us wanted it hard at fast. She was happy, and I was EXTREMELY happy at that point. We kept fucking until the heat exhausted us and we had fucked each other silly.

I never thought that there was a girl secretly crazier than I am. Eve and I have had so many wild adventures since then. Every time she gives me that sly grin like the one she gave me today, I know that we are going to fuck sometime in the very near future. Ironically, now she is the one who calls the shots and asks me when I am available to fuck. Go figure.