 Eva's eyes flooded with tears, but she smiled through them down at the man whose eyes never left hers.

"Yes, Alfie! Yes!" She couldn't say anymore, and Alfie stood up, and pulled her into his arms for a long, tender kiss. The room erupted into cheers and wolf whistles, and her tour mates clapped and smiled. he let her go slowly, and helped her sit, before taking his own seat. The waiter, who had been waiting for his cue, walked over with a bottle of champagne, an ice bucket, and two fluted glasses.

He poured for them, and Alfie raised his glass and said, "Here's to a long life, hun, with you as my partner, my lover, and my friend!" Eva tipped her glass to his and drank, loving the way the bubbles burst on her tongue, and enjoying the sweet fruitiness of the wine.

"I'm overwhelmed, Alfie!" she said, after she told him she'd have whatever he was having for dinner. "A week ago I didn't know you!" She held his gaze as he topped up her wine.

"That's why the long engagement," he explained patiently. "To see if this is a forever thing between us." He raised his glass again and added, "Not that I have any question about that, since you're the second woman I've ever felt this way about." he drank from his glass and then added, "But I want to be fair to you, and give you time, while I woo you, baby!"

Eva hardly knew what she ate that night. Every look, every word, every gesture of Alfie's kept her tense with excitement. His smile made her insides shake, his touch made her loins ache. Once, while they waited for coffee, he brought her left hand to his lips and kissed it, turning it over and letting his tongue rest on the pulse at her wrist. She shivered, and swallowed some wine to repress the moan that rose in her throat.

"Alfie!" she protested, looking around. "People are watching us!"

"We're in love, hun! They just saw me ask you to marry me, and they heard you say yes. They EXPECT this." He looked around as well, without releasing her hand. "Fact is, they're probably wondering why the hell I haven't kissed you again!" 

His eyes twinkled as he looked back at her, watching her face color up. He chuckled. 

"Just teasin', hun! I promise to stay on my best behavior till we get you home!" He winked at her, and let her hand go, patting it gently.

The arrival of coffee saved her from having to respond, and then they were walking back to her room, which she was not sharing this time. At the door Alfie paused, watching her unlock it. She turned, and the look in his eyes melted whatever resistance she still had to his desires.

"Do you want to come in?" she asked him tremulously.

For answer, he bent his head and kissed her, hard, pushing himself against her body, letting her feel how hard he already was.

"What do you think?" he answered huskily, and pushed the door in, walking her backwards through it and kicking it shut after him. He let her go only long enough to lock it before returning his attention to her.

Eva had not moved, and when he pulled her back into his arms, she threw hers around his next and clung to him, returning his kisses wildly, letting him know just how much she wanted him.

"Baby, if you get me started, I'm not leaving till morning," he warned her, his voice hoarse with lustful purpose.

Eva smiled knowingly and slid her hand down to the front of his pants, and she squeezed him gently in that hard place where he throbbed for her. She could feel him pulsing with desire, and she said,

"Oh, don't blame me for getting you started, Alfie. I think you got started loing before we came back here!" She chuckled. "And I didn't do a thing!"

He chuckled, walking her backwards to the bed where he pulled her onto his lap, and she felt the hot, hard press of his arousal against her bottom and her sex. She wriggled a little, and he groaned.

"Patience, baby!" he admonished her. "First we undress you, THEN we fuck you!" He laughed softly at the startled look on her face at his language, and when she said "We?", raising an eyebrow, he laughed again.

"Me and my desire for you!" he answered. He wasted no time removing her dress and shoes, and seemed to enjoy the sight of her in matching red underwear, before removing those as well.

"Oh baby, you're beautiful!" he said, lying fully clothed next to her on the bed. He moved her hands away from her breasts, saying as he fondled them, "That's MY job!"

Eva felt herself rising to a new level of need as he bent to kiss and taste her nipples. She moaned when he took her completely into his mouth and suckled her, moaning himself, and letting her feel the vibrations against her sensitive peaks. He drove her higher and harder, and then pushed her over the first edge with a hard stroke of his fingers on her sweet bud. She crashed into his kiss, feeling the wave descend and push her forcefully along.

"Oh! Oh God!" she said shakily. "I never thought anyone could have an orgasm from having their breasts fondled!" She was still shaking when Alfie rose swiftly and removed all his clothes before settling his body over hers.

"First time in a bed, baby!" he observed, kissing her mouth. "First time in a room!" he added, deepening the kiss. Eva let him touch her and fondle her wherever he liked, and she reveled in the feel of his mouth on her skin, everywhere he touched her. When he sucked on her belly, she smiled, and when he tickled her navel, she laughed out loud. When he scraped her mound gently with his teeth, she arched her back and opened her legs, and he immediately sucked on her clit, then licked her up and down the slit without touching her there again, until she was wild for him.

"Alfie!" she begged, "please!"

He didn't answer her, except to push one finger into her weeping center. Eva cried out, and as he pumped in and out of her, she moved her hips to his rhythm. When he inserted a second finger, she groaned arched her back again,. Alfie didn't let up, but kept fucking her with his fingers, winding her tighter and tighter, until she came, hard, gushing over his fingers. She was trembling, and unable to control it, and when she felt Alfie lift her legs, she opened heavy eyes to watch him push his throbbing member into the aching heart of her desire.

"Alfie!" she called his name again as he loved her, in, out, in out...over and over, kissing her as he loved, her, and when she squeezed him with her tight cunt, he stiffened, and a harsh sound escaped his throat as he came, pulsing into her, over and over, and eh pushed against him, making him keep pumping into her. They ground against each other as he came, and she hugged him tightly to her till the throes of his passion subsided, and he collapsed against her.

Eva held him in her arms, not wanting him to move, but knowing he would. She felt tears welling up again, and fought to keep them at bay. She didn't want Alfie to think she was unhappy, because she wasn't.

"Maybe I'd better let you breathe, hun!" he said, slowly rolling off her.

Eva smiled at his humor, and turned her head to look at him. He pulled her into his arms, and she snuggled against him, feeling his heartbeat, and the warmth of his breath on her cheek.

"I love you, Miss America!" he said, and kissed her, hard, slow, wet, deep. "With all of me!"

He rubbed his hand over her back, then down on her buttocks and thighs, and she tingled all over. Sighing, she relaxed, her hand rubbing his back. Suddenly she sat up, he wasn't beside her, but looking out the third storey window... out over the harbour, naked. She looked at his silhouette in the moonlight, and smiled to herself, for soon, she was going to be Alfie's wife. During the time she spent looking after her ailing parents, she had come to believe she'd never be fortunate to find a husband, especially one like him.

She giggled to herself, at the naughty thought that crossed her mind, then snake-like, slithered off the bed over to him, and while on her hands and knees, took his limp cock in her mouth, laughing as he jumped in surprise, then began sucking him into life again. He stood there, a groan escaping his lips. She kept sucking him as he moved his hips, in rhythm to her head.

Too soon, he thought, she stopped, and went and lay on the bed, waiting for him. As he climbed on the bed, she rolled on her side, and said, "Just snuggle in behind me, hun. I want you to just cuddle me." 

He complied with her request, his cock nestling in the crack of her bottom. She moved and opened her legs, and reached through, grabbing him, and laid his cock along her slit, then closed her legs.

"That feels nice hun," she said, wriggling her bottom a bit. "Comfy!"

"Yair, it does," he said, moving in and out, just once.

Soon, she was asleep in his arms, and he dozed off, too, hard cock still in between her thighs. When he woke, she was sucking him, almost to the point of coming. He let go, coming down her throat, and she swallowed, her eyes glowing. They ate breakfast in the room, then set off for a walk, down Cavanagh Street, looking for the Immigration department, and when they found it, they went into the visa office.

"May I help you?" the young woman at the desk asked when they stopped before her.

"Ah, I'd like to extend my visa, if I can please!" 

"Very well, madam. Please fill in this form, and pass it back to me, with your passport, current visa, and two hundred and fifteen dollars." 

Within a few minutes, she had a new visa, giving her twelve months in Australia, from her original entry date.

They left the office and walked back to the hotel, and over a coffee, decided what to do for the rest of the day. She was to get in touch with her work place, and inform them she won't be back for another nine months, arrange a transfer of funds to her hotel through Western Union, and inform her family that she was staying longer, as well as to tell them about Alfie.

Alfie went and cleaned the truck, arranged for a load out in the next couple of days, then parked his bike and locked it, loaded some camping gear in his old XC GT Ford two-door Falcon, and then went back to the hotel, only to find her in her room, crying. She had been sacked from her job, as they couldn't hold out for a year. Alfie comforted her, saying she wouldn't be going back anyway.

"How am I supposed to make a living, Alfie?" She raised red eyes to his face. "I've worked since before I turned twenty-one. I've been self-sufficient all my life! I'm not coming here to live off you!"

"Sweetie, I can support us," Alfie said, trying to settle her mind.

"But that's just the point, don't you see? I don't WANT you to support me. I want to contribute." She stopped speaking and went to look out the window. "I don't want to be a kept woman, Alfie. I'll die of boredom."

She didn't hear him come up behind her, but she did feel the pinch on her ass cheeks.

"Are you saying being with me is boring, missy?" He sounded stern, until she turned, alarmed, and saw the smile on his face.

"No, you know I'm not, love!" she exclaimed, blushing.

Alfie chuckled merrily and hugged her to him. She felt his manhood stirring against her through his clothes, and she squirmed, trying to get closer.

"You're insatiable, aren't you sweetheart!" he teased, giving her the kiss she begged for. She kissed him back, deep pulls of her tongue, surrendering to his desire and lust for her.

"Hun, if you start it, you'd better be ready to finish it," he warned, bending her backward so he could suck on the vein that pulsed in the base of her throat. She moaned, and pushed herself against him.

"I wish you'd take me there again, Alfie!" she confessed on a sigh, and gasped when he pushed his hand up her leg, pushing the skirt she wore up with it, and slid his questing fingers inside her thin cotton panty to the bead of her need and desire.

"Oh! Oh!" she exclaimed breathlessly as he fondled her, and soon she was coming, unable to stop the flood of passion from overflowing.

"Baby, I love you," he said, his voice broken with desire, "and I want you so much. Let me make love to you, and show you how I feel about you."

He picked her up, making her gasp, and carried her to the bed, placing her gently in the middle.

"Take your clothes off, beautiful!" he begged her, as he divested himself of his own garments. When she was as naked as he, he rolled her over onto her belly, and pushed a hand under her hips, finding her mound, and sliding a finger between the swollen lips and stroking her, over and over. She squirmed around his finger, wishing he would fuck her.

"Alfie, please baby! Please!"

He pulled a pillow under her hips, and then another, and then, spreading her legs, he plunged inside her, hard, and rocked back and forth...in, out, in, out, pumping her sweet pussy with his cock, fondling her clit. Eva rocked back, taking him in, dying whenever he withdrew, even a little.

"Fuck me, baby! Harder, harder!" She cried out again. She was almost incoherent with desire.

He increased the rhythm, and Eva kept pace with him, finding herself riding the wave, and finally, when she felt him stiffen and hiss, letting go. The orgasm went on and on, and finally she was spent.

Alfie shuddered with the force of his orgasm, and hugged her tightly to him, before letting her go.

"Baby, I love you!" He said it again, and Eva replied, "And I love you, my sweetheart!"

They lay there, and dozed in each other's arms, and then reluctantly, Alfie suggested a shower, and lunch. She agreed, although her pussy cried out for more of him. She scolded herself...there was more to life than making love, wasn't there? She couldn't remember. She moaned, and then let him help her up.

"Okay she said, "I guess we'd better get a move on, huh?"