 In a small town, Jerry was what is known as a "could've been". 

The high school that he played football for still told tales of his accomplishments long after he graduated. People who were at those games and witnessed feats of his greatness kept his memory alive. To them, he was still that kid who could make memories happen; win the unwinnable. 

When he donned his helmet and his cleats stepped onto the turf, of the football field, he was a warrior god. The bright lights illuminated his last name emblazoned on the back of his suit of armor, right above his number. All around him, hundreds of people shouted his name, worshipping him like a deity. 

College scouts from all over came to watch him play. Promises were made. "Incentives" were offered. The young talent was brought up in a world where everyone wanted to be like him, around him, or with him. 

But, like most young athletes, the fragility of his fame was lost upon him. He, like many who came before him, failed to realize that his entire world was only one wrong hit, one mistake, one blown play away from being completely shattered. 

For Jerry, tragedy struck in his senior year. The night before a big game, he and a few of his best buds scored some beer from the clerk at the local convenience store. The clerk was a fan, of course. He was one of many who looked the other way when the guys wearing the coveted letter jackets would enter his store, walk over to the alcohol section, and illegally make a purchase. 

The guys had a good time drinking, horse-playing, and getting laid by the girls who were with them. They were on top of the world, having the world at their feet and lips in their laps. 

The next day, however, their hubris would come back to haunt Jerry. One of his offensive linemen fell sick before the game. There was no way he could play. So, the second stringer had to be put in. This second stringer was about 50 pounds lighter, with half the strength and knowledge of his predecessor. 

When the ball was snapped, the young backup failed to read the blitz correctly. He was caught off guard when two hundred pounds of muscle and testosterone suddenly burst through the line of scrimmage, knocking the poor kid to the ground. Now free of any resistance, it charged at Jerry full speed, and wrapped him up in an epic tackle. When the two landed on the ground, all that weight and momentum fell onto his left knee. 

This is commonly known as a career ender. 

Jerry wasn't a scholar. He never had to be. Consequences didn't exist in his world. He never failed a single class, no matter how little he studied. Cops that pulled him over let him off with a "warning", but not until after they had lengthy discussions about some of his games. Store clerks and bouncers conveniently forgot to ask for his ID. 

But getting injured was an eye opener for Jerry. He was like a lottery winner looking for his friends when the money is gone. Suddenly, he had to take an extra class just to graduate on time because he didn't have enough credits. Girls who were once dying to throw their panties at him now looked at him with shrugged shoulders. Teachers now said things like "buckle down" when they handed him his failing test scores back. 

The magic was gone. He was no longer immortal; no longer a god. Now, he was just a boy; practically faceless in a world that once worshipped him. 

The fall from grace was hard enough, but the dulled glimmer in his girlfriend's eyes was an even bigger heartbreaker. Carolyn once spoke excitedly about their future together. She had a whole plan of going away to the same college, getting married after he was drafted into the NFL, and having three kids. 

Two boys and a girl; of course. 

After that fateful hit though, she hardly ever brought it up. Things she once tolerated as costs of being with a star were now causes for arguments. She hung out with her friends more and no longer broke plans she already made because he suddenly wanted to "hang out". 

To top it off, she now chose to go to another college; one that he didn't get into. She didn't even talk it over with him before deciding either. Them being together was no longer the top priority. Now, she simply wanted to live "her own life". 

The fight that ensued would be the last words spoken to each other for quite some years. It was harsh and brutally honest. After it was over, they felt it was best that they end things. Long distance relationships hardly ever work, anyway. 

At least, Carolyn thought so. Funny about the timing of that revelation, though. 

The depths of pain that Jerry felt at that final, crushing end of his glory days was equal to the loss of a loved one. The breakup was more than about Carolyn. It was confirmation that he was a loser; someone not worth a damn without a football in his hands. 

Afterwards, he went into a deep depression; one his parents worried would end him. He didn't go to college like he'd planned to. To him, there was no point. College was just a path to the NFL. Without that, he was blindly hurdling towards an unknown future. 

His dad wasn't one to allow his son to sit around the house being unproductive. If he wasn't going to college, he was going to do SOMETHING. 

He had his own business; one he started from the ground up nearly a decade ago. Jerry was in no condition to work for him, but it didn't mean that he couldn't help his son get started. Using connections that he'd gathered over the years; he was able to talk to someone and secure Jerry an interview with a Coca-Cola distribution warehouse. 

He came home and gave Jerry three choices: Go to work at this company, get a job on his own, or move out. 

"I don't take care of grown men. Grown men take care of themselves, NFL or no NFL." He said before leaving him to his choice. 

Day after day Jerry's dad made sure he was up and at work; no exception. Sick? Take some Theraflu and go to work. Knee hurt? Take some aspirin and go to work. Feeling depressed? Get over it and go to work. 

Naturally, Jerry hated his job. He also hated his dad, the world, his ex-girlfriend...his life. The self-pity swirled around in his belly, making each day worse than the day before. 

With everyone else in his life gone, there was one person who still made him feel like old Jerry. She was a year behind him and Carolyn, and still had the glimmer of a girl with a crush whenever he saw her. 

Evelyn. 

Ironically, she was best friends with Carolyn, and had been since the two were 8 years old. It wasn't until high school that the two girls noticed just how much of an odd couple they made. 

Evelyn had always been energetic and athletic. Add this to the fact that her mom died giving birth to her, and you have the perfect recipe for a tom-boy. Her skinny frame and flat chest only added to this. She was always picked near the top whenever teams were chosen, and she had a reputation for being faster and tougher than most of her male counterparts. 

Naturally, this blessing became her curse once she started LIKING boys. She was invisible to them as a sexual object; therefore, non-existent as girlfriend material. 

Carolyn, on the other hand, was her polar opposite. She "developed early", aka, had tits and hips for days. She was more feminine than Evelyn. Hair, nails, skirts...all the things that traditional females care about were what she gravitated towards. 

You can imagine the disparity this created between them when guys looked at both girls. High school made these differences more prominent. Carolyn's busty chest, bouncy hair, and tight jeans had nearly every red-blooded male's eyes following her when she walked the halls. 

Including Jerry. 

Evelyn became friends with Jerry because he played football, and she played soccer. Because they shared the same field, they naturally saw a lot of each other and began to interact. Their chemistry was instant. He was drawn to her goofy, unique sense of humor. She was different from other girls in all the ways that worked, and it made her a blast to be around. 

Unfortunately for Evelyn, his chemistry with her was more of a brotherly/sisterly/best-friend type. There was no way that the number one quarterback in the state -- which also made him the most popular guy in school -- would look at her as more than a sister. 

Of course, he would look at Carolyn like that. 

Evelyn had to endure the sinking heartbreak of "hooking them up" when he asked for that as a favor. Carolyn, who already had multiple guys trying to get into her pants, was shocked that a guy like Jerry would even want her. When Jerry called her and two started dating, Evelyn got to hear about EVERY DETAIL. 

Watching from the sidelines as her crush and best friend became the king and queen of Middletown High was a daily hell that she had to suffer through. Her eyes would glaze over with envy whenever she saw the two of them kiss; which they did often. Then, to add extra insult to injury, she had to plant a fake smile on her face and pretend to be happy for her best friend when she gushed about losing her virginity to the football superstar after one of his games. 

When the tragedy of Jerry's injury rushed throughout the school like a crashing Tsunami, Evelyn also had to watch her best friend start to distance herself from her boyfriend. It was subtle at first, but Evelyn began to see the writing on the walls long before Jerry did. 

The breakup between Carolyn and Jerry left a sliver of hope in the young girl; an opportunity. He didn't go away to college like he had planned to. With Carolyn gone, he leaned on the only person who would understand what he was going through. 

Her heart still skipped a beat whenever she saw him, and his smile melted her from the inside out. With Carolyn gone, he was paying even more attention to her than ever before. 

Did it feel wrong to secretly hope to replace her best friend in her crush's eyes; to push right up against the unspoken "off limits" boundary circling Jerry? Yes. But she still did it. 

Did it feel wrong to spend time with him, always leaving the window open to be seduced? Yes. But she still did it. 

Did it feel wrong to eagerly give her virginity to the same guy that took her best friend's, in the back seat of his car? 

Absolutely not. And yes, she did that too. 

One evening, after a huge win in one of her soccer games, the moment she'd been dreaming about since her sophomore year started with Jerry taking her out to eat as a celebration. This was the new norm for them post-Carolyn. They were practically dating, but without the chemistry of a guy who actually wanted to sleep with his girl. She was his girl-friend, not his girlfriend. 

But hey; tomato, tomahto, right? 

Anyways, from there the two went for a leisurely drive. He drove until he arrived at a campsite that he and his dad used to go to, once upon a time. It was before football, and before his dad's company started taking off. It was a special spot for him and lived in a sacred place in his mind. 

Jerry shared a lot of himself that night; more than he ever shared with Carolyn. Evelyn became lost in his vulnerability. She loved knowing that she was seeing a side of him that Carolyn never saw. 

For Jerry, that moment with Evelyn was the first time in a while that he didn't feel completely and utterly faceless. He looked into her eyes, and inside of them he saw a Jerry that was worth liking; the old Jerry that everyone once loved. 

Despite her skinny body, her boyish mannerisms, and his brotherly feelings for her, he felt an unquenchable thirst that only she could sate. He needed to feel special; to feel loved once more. 

So, he fucked her. Twice. 

Afterwards, she was absolutely elated! She finally had him; the guy of her dreams. I mean, they made love and everything! She had to be officially out of the friendzone now. 

Right? 

Reality hit her hard and fast. After their tryst in his car, Jerry got a bit of his swagger back. Sure, he didn't have the NFL in his back pocket, but he was still good-looking, charming, and fun to be around. That was worth something. 

When Evelyn came to his house a couple days later, she found it disconcerting that he wasn't as excited to see her as she was him. After making love with him, she waited by the phone just knowing that he was going to call. When he didn't, she became worried and went to see him. The lukewarm reception was unexpected. 

As they hung out, her heart broke little by little as she realized just how wrong her assumptions about the status of their "relationship" was. She would try to hold his hand; he would shake it loose. She would sit next to him and try to squeeze in close; he would back away. And when she leaned in for a kiss... 

He kissed her forehead. Like a friend. 

It was only a couple weeks later that she found him hugged up with Stephanie Barnes. Stephanie was proof that cloning humans was possible, because she was every bit Carolyn's. Blond, beautiful, and tits for days; not to mention airheaded. And the way she was sitting in his lap... 

Yeah, they definitely slept together. 

All poor Evelyn could do was stand there and watch him from a distance with her shattered heart in her hands. Just like old times. 

She zombie-walked through the rest of her senior year. Carolyn was gone, Jerry was a fucking asshole, and she had no one to talk to about it. Her soccer team won state that year, but she barely cared. She just wanted to move on with her life and find something outside of high school. 

Unsurprisingly, Jerry didn't call her for a while. She didn't really expect him to though. By now she was fully aware of what she was to him; his rebound girl. He'd rebounded, and now had moved on with Carolyn 2.0. 

Now it was her turn. If only she could as easily as he did. 

Eventually, she did graduate high school. She looked out at the crowd as she walked to get her diploma and saw her dad and her aunt standing and cheering loudly. A brief, sinking feeling of emptiness engulfed her as she felt the loss of the mother she never knew. It always hit her at odd times. She recovered though, and that day still lived on as one of the best moments of her life. 

The world was bigger than the town she grew up in; bigger than Jerry and Carolyn. She soon realized that when she went to college. She had a whole new set of adventures ahead of her; a whole new set of friends to meet. It was there that she truly blossomed, both physically and mentally. 

The forces of genetics were already at work; even if they were moving at a snail's pace. Her thighs were starting to swell, her butt was rounding, and her bra filled in a little more. It was hardly noticeable underneath the drab clothes she chose to wear, but the changes were happening, nonetheless. 

Evelyn's dorm mate was Tiffany. Tiffany an ex-gymnast turned semi-famous Instagram model who was studying sports medicine. She was also a work-out addict. Ask any guy on campus to describe Tiffany, and they would all use the exact same word: Hot.  

The two of them hit it off instantly. Like Carolyn and Jerry, she was drawn Evelyn's unique and quirky personality. Her goofiness was enduring, and she couldn't help but to fall in love with her. 

One day she convinced Evelyn to come to her kickboxing class. Her instructor/boyfriend had been training her for years and keeping her in shape. 

Evelyn was naturally athletic and played sports all through high school, so she was already familiar with working out. However, after it was all said and done, she found muscles hurting that she didn't even realize she had. 

A switch was flipped inside of her. The pain that she felt made her feel...good. In fact, she felt better than she had in a while. 

That was the beginning. Tiffany's boyfriend became also became her trainer. On top of that, the campus gym was only about a 10-minute walk from her dorm room, so she became a regular there also. Sometimes she'd go with Tiffany; other times she'd go alone. That place soon became a hiatus amongst her daily stress. For that hour or so, nothing else existed. No classes, no exams, no family stress; nothing but grit and sweat. 

The semester went on. Classes were attended, tests were taken, grades were given. Soon, the warm weather gave way to the cold. It was winter break, and Evelyn had to go home and face her past. 

Upon going home, she found out a secret that had been kept from her, one that shook her to the core. Her dad's health was declining and had been for a while. The doctors didn't even know what was wrong with him. 

Throughout her teen years, she remembered her aunt being a daily presence in her life. Evelyn had assumed that it was because she and her dad was close, but it was more than that. She was there to make sure that her dad took his meds and helped out with Evelyn when he couldn't do so. The two of them decided to not tell Evelyn until she was old enough to understand it. 

So, they lied to her. Year after year, doctor visit after doctor visit, the two of them conspired against her; keeping her in the dark about the ONLY PARENT SHE HAD LEFT. 

It dismayed her to see him like that. He tried to put on a brave face for her sake, but she could tell that he was in constant agony. Because of this, she couldn't even express her anger over everything. 

She wanted to explode. One day, when the rage got too much for her to contain, she felt that she just had to get out of the house. She didn't want her dad to see her cry, so she went out on the front porch and balled. 

The air was crisp, but not too cold. Her light sweatshirt kept her warm enough. She felt the urge to walk, so she did. She didn't know where she was going. All she knew was that she had to get moving. 

Walking turned into jogging. As her legs and arms pumped, she began to feel better. She focused on her breathing, and a calm fell onto her. At this moment, nothing else mattered. She just had to keep going. 

She fell into a Forest Gump daze. She didn't know how far she ran. All she knew was that after about an hour or so, her body told her that it had to stop. 

Her forehead beaded with sweat, her hair was matted to her head, and she had pit stains in her shirt. But for some reason, she felt better. That is, until she turned to her right. Sitting on the porch of the house she stopped in front of was a guy about her age who was looking at her. 

She immediately became self-conscious. She looked a mess. She wanted to turn and run the other way, but honestly her legs didn't have any more jogging in them. She didn't even know how she was going to make it back. 

Finally, when the eye contact was on the verge of becoming awkward, she simply nodded her head and said, "Hey." 

"Hey." He said back. Then, noticing her profusely sweating, he asked, "You want me to get you some water?" 

She wanted to just die! The polite side of her wanted to say, "No thank you", but she couldn't because she was REALLY thirsty. So, she gave a small nod and said, "That would be nice. Thank you." 

"Be right back. Have a seat." He said as he patted the spot next to him. Then he got up and went inside. 

She sat down where indicated. It was then that she realized that he was reading a large textbook and taking notes. Upon further inspection, she saw that it was a law book. 

He returned with her water and handed it to her. After she issued another "Thank you" and took a sip. When her throat stopped feeling like sandpaper she asked, "You studying to become a lawyer?" 

"Yeah. I will be." He said. Then, with a joking grin, said, "Somebody's gotta keep my dad out of prison." 

She didn't know his dad, but she laughed anyway. Something about him seemed familiar, but she was having trouble placing his face. Judging by their ages, he obviously went to high school with her, but she couldn't think of anywhere they'd been together. 
