 We met online. We spent hours chatting, flirting, teasing and arousing. We talked on the phone and flirted, teased and aroused. He was younger than I but he was intelligent, intellectual, articulate and very easy to talk with. I find well trimmed and maintained facial hair very, very erotic and his was sublime. It was such a turn on. I wanted to touch and nibble and taste and smell his facial hair before doing the same with his lips and mouth. I was thrilled when he somewhat shyly asked me if we might meet in person. I thought about being coy but that's now how I am. Never have been and at my age, it's unbecoming. I told him yes. I wasn't coy but nor was I stupid. We decided to picnic at a park close to my home. It was public but private as well. I was very nervous about meeting him but I was even more eager and was really looking forward to our evening picnic.

It was just dusk when I pulled into the parking lot of the park. There were few cars and the only thing I could see in the park itself was a dim flicker of several lights. I saw someone stand up next to the light and knew from the silhouette that it was him. My breath left me and for just a moment, I couldn't move. He started toward me and I started toward him. We both stopped just a foot from each other. I reached up and lightly touched the hair on the side of his mouth with my thumb. 

"Hi." I whispered. He smiled and kissed the side of my mouth in the same place I had touched his...it made me shiver.

"Hi." He whispered back. He took my hand and led me to our evening picnic. He had put a lot of thought into our first meeting and it showed. It was perfect. A large blanket, wine, candles, cheese and crackers and fruit underneath the full branches of a huge tree. I was amazed at the rush of feelings that swept through me. No one had ever before done anything like this for me and it damn near brought tears to my eyes.

"M' Lady." Still holding my hand, he bowed and with a gallant sweep of his arm, directed me to sit on the blanket. He didn't let go of my hand but assisted me then sat down very close to me. He turned my head to him with a light touch of his finger on my jaw and kissed the very tip of my nose. I think that's when I fell head over heels.

"I've thought about this since the first time I saw you. You are even more beautiful in person." He said, reaching for a chilled bottle of wine and glasses. He poured and handed one to me. As my fingers wrapped around the glass and his hand, he bent and kissed the back of my hand. This brought chills which swept from my head to my toes. I took a big gulp of wine. This man was so sweet and sexy and I was in big trouble.

I believe I had affected him in the same way because he leaned away from me and took a big breath. "Wow!" He said with a catch in his voice. His smile was adorable and his lips delectable. I knew I shouldn't but I had to touch his hair again. I traced the hair from the corner of his mouth, down his chin and up, under his nose then back to where I had started. I leaned into him and grabbed just a bit of his hair between my lips. He smelled delicious. I wanted more. I lightly kissed his lips then ran my tongue over them. He let a small moan escape as he put his hands on my neck to pull me closer to him. He returned my kiss...lightly, softly and it was my turn to moan. I had to have more. I kissed him hard, opening his lips with my tongue, feeling his tongue dance with mine. I had to feel him against me. We put our glasses down at the same time and he eased me down on the blanket until I was lying flat. He was beside me in an instant and he plundered my mouth, pulling me closer and closer into his embrace. I welcomed his kisses, his touch and his tight embrace with a passion that was overwhelming.

I could feel his hard cock through our clothes...I was wet and aching. I had to pause for a second to get my breath back. He needed just a second also. We were both breathing hard but still clutching each other. I relaxed my hold on him and putting my hand on chest, directed him to lie completely on his back. I snuggled up to him, caressing his lips then his ear lobe with my finger. I began to kiss his neck then nibble a bit. He started to turn on his side but I wouldn't let him.

"May I take your shirt off?" I asked him. He didn't say a word just sat up, ripped his shirt out of his jeans and over his head then lay back down. I snuggled back up to him and continued exploring him with my fingers, lips and tongue. I could see the bulge of his hard cock through his jeans and it was an impressive bulge! I ran my hand over his chest and lightly flicked his nipples with my finger. I sat up, leaded over and blew on his nipple. I licked it, then nibbled it with my lips then sucked it. He was breathing fast and hard again. I slowly made my way down the middle of his body with my lips until I reached the top of his jeans. I unsnapped and unzipped and pulled them open...he went still. Through his underwear, I brushed the tip of his cock with my finger and felt it jump. I pulled his cock out. The skin looked soft and satiny and I had to touch it. I lightly wrapped my hand around him and just held on. He was rubbing my back under my blouse. He sat up and began kissing and licking and biting my back. He reached for my breasts and cupped them. I began to stroke his throbbing cock but I still wanted more. Still holding his cock, I leaned down and kissed just the very tip of it. I licked him with my tongue then took him in my mouth. He went completely still and lay back down. I took him deep inside my mouth, licking and nibbling then sucking. I cupped his balls in my other hand and I could feel them move and swell. I ravaged his cock and when he came, I didn't swallow but kept his semen in my mouth. I turned and lay down on top of him. kissing him and letting his semen drip into his mouth. When he groaned and swallowed, I came.

I slid off him and onto my side. He kept his arm around me and pulled him close to him. We were both too out of breath to say anything but he put his hand up in the air and gave me a thumbs up. I had to giggle. We gazed at the stars until our breathing returned to normal. The only cars left in the lot were ours and we appeared to be alone.

He sat up and said, "I'm starved!" He pulled his shoes and socks off and left his pants unzipped and open. I too removed my sandals. He refilled our glasses and started piling plates full of cheese, crackers and fresh fruit. I love fresh fruit - he seemed to know that because he had brought all my favorites. There were strawberries and grapes and melon and oranges and cherries and peaches. I don't have a special favorite fruit but I do so like the real juicy ones! He handed me a plate and we dug in. We ate and drank and talked about everything and nothing. It was one of the best meals I had ever had. I noticed he hadn't eaten much fruit and asked him about it.

"You like it more so I wanted you to have more," he said with his irresistible grin. I leaned over and kissed him. I could taste the cheese and wine but no fruit. This just wouldn't do. I picked up a huge, juicy piece of peach and put half of it in my mouth. I leaned over and put the other half in his mouth. I pushed the whole thing in with my tongue. He chewed and swallowed. I kissed him again.

"Mmmmmm, that's better. I can taste the juices in your mouth. Here, try this one." The strawberry came next. I bit the fruit off the tiny green stem, leaned over and pushed half of into his mouth holding the other half in mine. Our lips met as we both bit the fruit at the center. Some juice slid down to his chin and I licked it off. I continued down until I came to his Adam's apple. I licked it then placed my lips around it and lightly sucked. He leaned his head way back to give me access and I felt, rather than heard, his very low moan. I picked up a piece of melon and rubbed it on his nipples and squeezed the rest of it down the middle of his chest and tummy. The juice gathered in his belly button. It began to overflow so I reached down and pulled his underwear away from his body and the juice trickled down to his pubic hair. I leaned down, licked and nipped his nipples. I followed the juice down his chest and tummy with my tongue then sucked all of it out of his belly button. He was gyrating his hips and his cock was once again very hard and inviting.

"Since we are all alone, will you take your jeans off for me, please?" I asked him softly.

"Only if you'll let me take your blouse and jeans off." He replied with a twinkle in his eyes.

"Sounds fair to me." I wanted to tear my clothes off but knew having him do it would be far more sensual. Without taking his eyes off mine, he pulled my blouse out of my jeans, lifted my arms above my head and slowly removed it. He leaned down and tongued then nibbled my nipples through my bra. Still caressing my nipples with his tongue and mouth, he unsnapped, unzipped and drew my jeans off me. He threw them aside and stroked his way up the inside of my leg and thigh with his fingers. He lightly stroked my pussy through my very wet panties. I opened my legs for him to get closer. He slid down my body, kissing my belly the whole way, rimmed my belly button and licked me just above the waist of my panties. He suddenly ripped my panties down the side and shoved his face into my pussy. I grabbed his head, arched and pushed my pussy against his mouth. I moaned with pleasure. He pushed me away from him a bit and started licking my clit, hard and firm and good. His chin was pushed up hard against the mouth of my pussy. It felt wonderful but I wanted more.

"Please, baby." I begged.

"Please, what?" He teased. "Tell me what you want."

"I want you to fuck me with your fingers."

"You mean like this?" He pushed his little finger inside my pussy.

"Yes, but more, deeper, two fingers, please?" I was whimpering with desire and tried to push my pussy onto his finger.

He pulled his little finger away and slowly, teasingly, pushed two fingers deep inside me. He bent and took my clit between his lips, tonguing and sucking, sliding his fingers in and out of my pussy. I suddenly felt his wet pinky rimming my ass, I silently invited him to go farther by pushing down and he gently eased his pinky inside. My pussy was so wet that my juices trickled down to my ass providing plenty of lubricant for him to slide his pinky in and out. The feeling was incredible and I could feel my orgasm building. I was writhing against his mouth and fingers and moaning loudly.

"Let go, baby...come hard...let me feel you come..." He encouraged me, his mouth pressed tight against my pussy.

I came hard with a shudder that wracked my entire body and a scream that would have been heard by everyone in the park had anyone still been there. As the tiny aftershocks rippled through my pussy, he removed his fingers and mouth and crawled up until he was right next to me. He pulled me into his arms and against his chest, he held me silently until asking, "Why are you crying?"

"Because I've never experienced such a supremely amazing orgasm before." I sniffled.

He chuckled, drew me even closer to him and said, "I'm so glad you enjoyed it, my love!"