 When their time came again, she knew she was going to enjoy it. The first time she had been with him had been good; quick, but good.

In the late evening, they met at the deserted park, both knowing what they wanted. He was kind of apprehensive about the idea, but he knew she needed him sexually. He was going to give her what she needed.

Darkness covered their actions as they got out of their vehicles and she led him toward the woods.

"Where the hell are we going?" he asked.

"Come on! I'll show you. I found a neat little place for us," she replied in a hushed voice. She grabbed his hand and led him across the bridge, which spanned a small stream. Leading him blindly into the dark stand of bamboo.

Once inside the stand of bamboo, she turned to him and they immediately fell into each other's arms. He kissed her long and hard. She returned the kiss with all the passion she had pent up. His hands traced the lines of her body as she ran her hands through his thick, shoulder length hair. Her hands then dropped to his face caressing and tracing the strong line of his jaw.

He slid his hand under her shirt to her breast, testing her to see if she was really ready to do this. She responded by kissing him harder, her body leaning into his. Sliding his hand under her bra, he began to knead and caress her tits.

She buried her face in the hollow of his neck, tasting him with her tongue. She wanted to take his shirt off and taste his whole chest, but she knew she didn't have that much time right now. Sometime later, she would taste his whole body, but not this time. This time it would have to be quick.

He slid his hand to her stomach, feeling it tighten slightly, but she didn't pull away from him. She really wanted this. Undoing her jeans, he slid his hand into her panties, feeling the softness of her mat. She moaned slightly, coaxing him on. He fingered her for a few moments, as small whimpers of pleasure escaped from her. Pushing her jeans down over her hips, he pulled her to him, holding her.

Taking a step back to the bench, she pulled him with her. Reaching down, she unzipped his pants, sliding her hand into his jeans to pull out his cock. Holding him in her hand, she began working her hand up and down on his already hard cock.

Cupping her bare ass in his hand, he pulled her closer as one of his hands slid between her legs. His fingers touching places no one else had been in quite some time. She moaned low and deep in her throat as he slid his finger into her.

"Yeah, that's where you want it, isn't it?" he asked her in a whisper as he slowly withdrew his finger from her deep darkness. Pulling her gently to the bench, he reached into his back pocket for his wallet. He withdrew a small foil packet, as she lay back on the bench, waiting in anticipation for him.

He entered her slowly. She was tight and he heard her gasp, "Oh, God." Working himself into her slowly, they rocked in an easy rhythm.

She didn't want this to end. It felt so good having a man inside of her after all this time. Their pace began to quicken, his strokes becoming harder. She wrapped her legs around his waist, thrusting her pelvis into him. Their frantic pace soon had her sliding across the bench, but he stayed with her, pounding himself into her.

Suddenly, she cried out and he felt her body arch under him, as the first spasm of her orgasm hit her. He continued to pound into her, just on the edge of his own release. Her legs tightening around his waist as she cried out his name. He let go, reaching his own climax.

Her body lay on the bench, but her head and shoulders were hanging over the edge. Both of them began to laugh. "I thought your ass was going to slide right off this bench!" he laughed.

"It wouldn't have taken much more and we both would have been in the bushes!" she laughed, as he gently withdrew himself from her.

"You know, I'm gonna expect more of that," she told him as she put her clothes back on.

He grinned and said, "Yeah, I figured that!"

"That's not a bad thing, is it?"

"Shit, no!" he laughed, pulling her to him to kiss her again.

They walked to her car and he kissed her once before they left. If they didn't get going, both of them would be late for work. Both of them knew that this would happen again...soon.