 Every good story I have starts with the words "This one night I'd had a little too much to drink and..."

This one's no different.

"Pre-gaming," it was called. Taking shots in my friend's dorm room while we checked out each other's panty lines and asked if the skirts were too short or the heels too high. (The answer was no and no, of course.)

A house party, other side of campus, music pounding with a line for the keg almost as long as the line for the bathroom, which was where I saw him.

Skinny guy, dark hair, wicked grin, red t-shirt with the words "I love country music" across the chest. I pulled him to the dance floor.

"What's next?" he asked when the music ended and people poured out of the house.

"I'm going home," I said.

"Can I come?" he asked with a grin.

I eyed him over. I wasn't sure how I felt about it. I thought, why not?

We walked back to my dorm and into my room where I shut the door behind me. He leaned and suckled my neck below my ear, hard enough that I gasped. When I looked up I could see how dark his eyes were and in response I could feel myself in a rush of heat growing wet.

He propelled me back toward the bed where our clothes came off quickly as we rubbed our bodies together. I had expected little from him (literally), but he was well hung and my mouth began watering at the sight of his beautifully cut cock.

I leaned down, pulling my hair back with one motion in a pony tail as my tongue caressed his head, tracing its edges. My hand measured the length of his smooth shaft, my tongue following. I wet his cock with my tongue and rubbed it against my lips and chin and cheeks, loving the weight of it, loving the texture. He groaned and put his hands on the back of my head lightly.

I turned my head and sucked along the underside of his cock, all the way down to the base. I took his shaft in my mouth as my hand moved to cup his balls, and when I did his hands contracted tightly on my head, pulling me down on his cock until it bumped the back of my throat. I gagged slightly and he released my head but only partially, trapping me on his cock. He murmured—I could hear him above me—and he moved away, standing up, leaving me sitting on the bed, mouth-level to his gorgeous dick.

I looked up at him, my hands moving up and down the back of his thighs, my motions causing my breasts to sway. He just smiled at me, tweaked my left nipple, and when my mouth opened to gasp, he held the back of my head again and slid into my open mouth. He held my head, moving in a rhythm against my face, sliding as far in as I could take and sliding slowly out again.

My hands roamed his body, tugging at his ass cheeks , letting my nails dig in a little on the back of his legs, playing with his balls.

"God you love sucking cock , don't you?" he asked. Mouth full, I just looked up at him. "You love getting your face fucked, huh?"

His words made my face flush, red climbing high over my cheeks, but I didn't say no.

I pulled away from his grip and delved lower, taking his balls in my mouth, running my tongue over them and sucking lightly. He groaned loudly as he stroked his cock while I sucked his balls.

He pulled my head back and stroked faster. "I'm cumming," he said. "I'm going to cum all over your face!"

And he did.

I wiped the hot cum off my face and licked his cock for good measure, making sure that every last drop was gone. The pressure of his hands on my head, the sounds of his groans, and the feel of his cock in my mouth had made me so wet and ready I was shaking. 

My hand spread flat on his abdomen in a silent plea. When I looked up at him, he was smiling and stroking my cheek. 

"You are a surprise," he said, dipping his hands lower to skim my collar bones. I shivered and leaned toward him. 

"Do you want me?" he asked. 

I looked at him again, my eyes burning. I nodded. 

He took my chin in his hand and tilted upward. "I want to hear it." 

I tried to pull away from his grip, to look away, but he wouldn't let me. 

"Say it." 

My pride welled up in my throat and for a second I didn't say anything, trying to look anywhere but his eyes. The only other place to look was at his cock, which was already hardening again. My eyes widened and I shot him a glance. 

"Tell me you want me to fuck you. Tell me you want me." His hand moved lower again, teasing the curve of my breast. 

I closed my eyes. "I—I want you," I said. 

"Look at me when you say it." 

I looked at him. "I want you right now. I want you to fuck me until I can't breathe," I said. 

He flashed a grin. "Good girl," he whispered, moving his thumb across my mouth. I turned my head and bit the base of his thumb lightly. "Such a good and naughty little girl," he said. 

He pushed me back on the bed, leaning over me as he buried his face into my breasts. My back arched as I tried to get closer to him, to feel as much of his body against mine. He held himself away and I whimpered, my hands around his shoulders, pulling him closer. His cock rubbed against my thigh and my legs opened. My hips rocked as I tried to feel him again. 

He pulled away and looked down at me. I was breathing heavily, my legs still open and my chest heaving. 

"You are fucking hot for me, aren't you?" he asked, moving a hand down my belly, teasing the curls above my pussy. I whimpered again and ground myself against his hand. One of his fingers slipped inside my impossibly wet pussy and his own eyes widened for a moment. "Hot and wet, so wet," he said, stroking me softly. 

My legs shook at the contact. "Now, now," was all I could say. 

"Now what?" he asked innocently, flicking his finger over my clit. 

"Now fuck me," I said. 

"Are you sure that's what you want?" 

"Yes, yes, please God, YES!" I was almost screaming. 

He rolled a condom on and pushed my legs wide and slid into my tight pussy. I moaned in pure pleasure, my legs pulling him closer, as close as he could get. 

He pulled slowly out and I savored the pressure of him moving within me. 

"It's like fucking fire," he said, sliding deep within me again. "So hot." 

His arms were on either side of me and my palms slid up them, across his chest, around his back in a restless motion, needing more but not wanting to say it. 

He could sense my need but he kept the pace slow until the tension in my body was pulled tight. 

My eyes closed tight and I bit my lip. "Please," I begged him. "Please." 

He laughed and began to pound me, pulling my legs up higher. 

"God, yes," I moaned. "Yessssss...." 

The rhythm was lost suddenly as we both started to move to that exact spot where we would— 

"Holy fuck," he said as we came, my pussy pulsing tightly around him. 

He collapsed next to me and we lay there trying to catch our breath. 

He turned and kissed my shoulder lightly. "That was... wow." 

"Uh huh," was all I could say. 

"I've never cum at the same time as someone else," he said. "I thought it was a myth." 

"Guess not," I mumbled, still out of it. 

It was 4:20 a.m., and I laughed and told him that we should smoke a bowl to celebrate. We smoked and talked for another hour, naked and laughing. 

In the back of my mind, the sensible part of me was screaming to go to sleep. My body , on the other hand, was ready for another go. 

I decided on sleep. He laid down on the spare mattress on the floor, and I settled into bed. But my body was still on fire. 

I tugged at my nipples, feeling them harden. I skimmed my nails down my stomach and pulled one of my legs up underneath the blanket so that I could slid a finger into my wet pussy. I had always loved masturbating in public places, or when others were near, and this situation was ideal. 

I let out a soft moan, unable to help myself as my fingers teased my clit. 

He sat up and looked at me. "What are you doing?" he asked, although he could see one hand on my breast and the other obviously between my legs. 

His hand slid beneath the covers and down my body, joining my hand as I teased myself again, my legs shaking. 

He pushed the cover aside, moving to join me on the small single bed, his body half-covering mine. His hands moved down to my dripping pussy and his fingers worked over my clit and into my pussy. I moaned and whimpered, my hips thrusting upward to meet his hands. He increased the rhythm and the pressure and my hands clenched the sheets on both sides of my head. 

"Cum for me," he said. 

I did, rocking against his hand as my body tightened and released. I lay limp, my body again thrumming. 

Energized, I sat up and drew a hand along one of his arms and down his chest, tugging at his left nipple as I did so. My hand closed around his cock, stroking it slowly. I looked at him and deliberately licked my lips. 

"What do you want?" I asked him. 

"You know what I want," he replied, pulling me closer and putting his hand at the base of my neck. "I want your hot little mouth on my cock again." 

I obliged, kissing my way down his chest. I put my lips to his head and kissed lightly, and then opened my mouth so my breath moved along his length slowly. 

His cock pulsed and grew in my hand and I could hear him groaning. This time, he stretched out on the bed, hands behind his head. It was my playtime, and I was like a kid in a candy store who'd found the best lollipop. 

I bit his inner thigh and kissed the crease between his thigh and his hip. Pulling his legs apart, I settled between them. Instead of taking his cock in my mouth, I began licking and sucking his balls, opening my mouth wide to take them both. 

My hands slid underneath him and then around to tease his asshole. As he grunted in pleasure, I increased the pressure, moving in time with the suction of my mouth on his cock. 

"Fuck yeah," he said. 

I teased the spot between his balls and his asshole, first with my fingers and then with my tongue, listening to his groans. When my tongue teased his asshole, his cheeks clenched. 

"Yeah," he said again, moving against my face. "Fuck yeah," he said a little louder. 

I moved again, taking his head in my mouth, letting my soft lips drag the length of his shaft, setting into a smooth rhythm. 

After a few minutes, he put his hands on my shoulder and pulled me away from his cock. I whimpered and leaned to give it one more suck. 

"I don't think I've ever met anyone who likes to suck cock as much as you do," he said. 

With one hand still on his cock, I looked at him. "I love sucking cock, but it depends really on the cock. I like yours," I said, giving it a little tug. "I could suck it all day long." 

His hands tightened on my shoulders. 

"Let's fuck," he said.