 Amber was uncertain of the consequences of finally having sex with Randy. Randy and her had been dating for a couple of weeks and were just trying to take things slow. She had been in a couple serious relationships before, where sex was involved. But she always ended up finishing herself off while they went to clean up. 

She knew she had strong feelings for him. But the question still remained, since they had first started dating. " can he do it?" 

They were in his room, since his roommate was home for the evening. Sitting on the bed together listening to some weird jazz, that he insisted she would love and playing some crazy killing spree game on his PS2. This man was nearly 23 years old and still playing video games. After her character in the game was killed she proceeded down on his bed underneath of him and stared at him. Looking at him, she realized he was quite handsome, and his hands felt so strong and firm, yet gentle as they held hers. 

He put the game on pause and looked back down at her. She leaned up and kissed him lightly on the lips. He pushed her back onto the bed and laid on top of her, kissing her with a passion. Sliding his tongue slowly and deeply around hers. She wanted to hold him close, press her body harder against him. He began to caress her tits. She struggled and squirmed, but only ended up rubbing herself against him harder. Then he began to use his mouth, twirling her nipple with his tongue. She couldn't resist any longer. Hooking her legs around his, she pushed herself against his cock. 

She wanted it inside her so badly that she was determined to push it through the two intervening layers of denim. She unzipped her jeans and slid them off and onto the floor, along with her already and very soaked panties. She made her way onto the center of the bed with her head on the pillow. Lying there in just an unbuttoned blouse she began to play with herself. She though if she could make herself cum before he started then there wouldn't be so much of disappointment afterwards. He watched with great enjoyment until he felt the urge was too much. He could smell the sweet aroma of “horny“ pussy. He wanted to taste her pussy. 

She didn't get a chance to please herself he laid down on the bed wrapped his arms around her legs. He started gently rubbing his tongue over her the outside of her pussy lips. By the look in her eyes he could tell she was enjoying this to the fullest. He rubbed his tongue all around the hood of her clit exposing a very hard and erect clit. After that e did not waste any time. He dove right into her clit. Making his mouth suction around the entire of it and sucking it hard into his mouth while still licking it, it was too much for her to bear. She pressed her pussy into his mouth, while rotating her hips. She could feel a huge explosion building up inside her. She knew this feeling well. For she had achieved this many times while alone. As the feeling grew more intense it was too much to hold make, she let out a moan that if heard by anyone outside of the room, would know that she just had a earth shaking orgasm. She looked down at him in contentment. 

But she wanted to return the favor. She unbuttoned his pants and slid her hands down so that she could pull down his jeans and boxers together. She grabbed him and pulled her to the bed, kissing him and stroking him tongue with hers. She put her tongue on the base of his cock and slowly moved it up, to her surprise this made it even harder than it already was. She kept starting from the bottom and raising her tongue to the tip of his cock. This was too much for him. He wanted her entire length of his cock inside her mouth. He grabbed her by the back of her head, and shoved her gaping open mouth that was in the shape an O and sucked his manly instrument into her mouth. She was now getting extremely turned on by his moans that were being caused by her actions. She bobbed her head while his cock was penetrating her soft warm wet mouth. She put her hand in motion along with her mouth, while pushing her tongue firmly against his shaft as she soaked her mouth all over it. By the actions she was doing he was ready to fuck her. 

He grabbed her and bent her over the side of the bed. He guided himself with one hand, slid his cock with excruciating slowness into her flooded vagina. He began stroking in and out, varying both the tempo and length. It was too much for her. She strained and pulled. So he started to fuck her hard. The sound of their skin slapping together made it all the better. She couldn't believe it! It was too much for her. He was truly perfect at this art. She couldn't take it anymore. Her first orgasm given to her by another human and she couldn't handle it. She was begging him to stop or at least slow down. Her doing that didn't make him go any easier on her. 

He proceeded to enter even deeper, and speed up the pace. She couldn't hold back anymore. She was trying to be quiet and discreet about what was going on behind his closed door, but as her pussy got hotter and hotter her moans were also getting more intense and very much louder, her breathing was heavier and shorter, and then suddenly she felt it and her pussy exploded. He let up for a second or so but just to ensure that she could make it through the next one, then right back to where he was. She couldn't take it. She had just cum harder than she ever had before, and she was on the verge of doing it again. The pace quickened again. She felt his cock grow even larger inside her. 

He told her he was about to cum, which got her excited and now wanted to have another orgasm. With each entrance of his cock she could feel the orgasm building up, until finally she was cumming...again. Her pussy tightened around his cock, which caused him to cum. Suddenly he pulled out, she quickly turned around to reveal her tits, while her pussy was still radiating with an orgasm, just in time to see and feel hot cum drip all over her tits. After staring each other down for a bit, he excused himself and went to the bathroom to clean up. She couldn't move. Not even to get the sticky, now runny cum off of her. 

As he entered the room he was surprised to see her, still laying motionless on the bed still naked still soaked him his and her fluids. He got a towel and cleaned her up. She then proceeded to explain to him that he was the first to EVER make her cum. He was in absolute awe. They concluded that it was a sign that they were meant to be together. She cleaned herself up the rest of the way, went back to the room and played some more of his crazy video game. And won. 

-END-