 I want to kneel at your feet and kiss your legs, starting at the tops and kiss your ankles, move up to your calves kiss you behind the knees. Then I want to kiss all over your thighs, spreading your legs and then put my head between them and kiss you right up to the little tendon between your thigh and your mound. I want put my mouth there and suck on you there like I'm sucking the meat off a chicken leg, then slowly, excruciatingly slowly, I put my mouth over your cunt and ever so lightly slide my tongue between your labia. But I won't touch your clitoris. You will just feel my hot breath on your little button. Then I will continue, as slowly as before over to the other tendon on the other side of your sweet pussy, and do the same thing there. Then I'm going to kiss all over that thigh and work my way back down to your toes. 

At this point, I will roll you over on your belly and start kissing and massaging the backs of your calves, over the backs of your knees again. I will kiss and massage up both of your thighs, my mouth on one thigh, my talented hands working the muscles of the other, and as I reach the top of your thighs, I'll kiss each cheek of your bum and caress and massage each as I cross over to the other one and repeat the whole process from your opposite calf. This time when I get to the top of the back of your thighs, I'll reach in between your legs and slip a couple fingers in to you, just see that you are soaking wet between your legs. Of course, I lick the juice of your sweet pussy from my fingers, getting just a taste of your tangy, sweet nectar.

Then I'm going to straddle your thighs and park my cock against the crack of your fine ass. I will start at your hips and massage and kiss your all the way up your back until I am caressing, and massaging and laying little kisses on the back of your neck. I will even massage your scalp, putting you in such a relaxed state, you almost, but not quite, fall asleep. Only when I kiss the corner of your mouth do you move. You roll over on your back, with me raising up just enough for you to maneuver. I resettle with my cock and balls resting against your mound and over your belly.

We kiss, deeply and lingeringly. Then I start kissing your cheeks, your eyelids, down to your mouth for another passionate kiss, before I move my mouth over your chin, down over your throat, to the hollow at the base of your throat. I slide my ass and package back so I can kiss your shoulders, down to each breast, lingering to suckle at one nipple, while I squeeze and massage the other, switching to take the other nipple in my mouth, sucking, nibbling, pulling on it with my lips and then with my teeth. You cry out, and I cover your mouth with mine and initiate another long sensual kiss.

I return to suckle and fondle and squeeze each nipple again before kissing and sucking between your gorgeous mounds. 

Then I slowly kiss over all of your belly, down to your navel, where I poke my tongue in and I rim and probe your bellybutton. It sends shocks, down to your nookie. I kiss from one side of your belly over to the other and when I get back to center I kiss over the little patch where you've shaved your pubic hair. I lift up and spread you open. I kiss down to to top of your pussy and I just have to stop there and inhale your must; it's so intoxicating. I dip down and touch the little hood over your clit, and you arch your back to encourage me to go deeper, but I don't.

Again, I place my mouth over your cunt, this time sucking your clit in between my lips. I only stay for a fees strokes and sucks of my tongue. I lay my tongue over your labia again, and this time the musky aroma of your juices is so strong, I have to press my tongue in between your labia, and slurp a goodly amount of your honey. I move my head to one side, and start sucking on the tendon again, moving slowly, like before across your mound, heating your close with my hot breath. I do the same thing on the other tendon, and as I gradually move my mouth back to the center of your being I pop your clit into my hot little mouth.

Again, I am there for only a few strokes. This time, as I put my tongue inside you, I dive deep, sucking your labia in to my mouth, grabbing them with my teeth. I lift your legs, with my hands holding the crook of your knees, I dive deep and low, searching out and inhaling all of your juices. Doing this deeply, with my tongue, causes the bridge of my nose to rub hard against your clit, causing you to gasp and whimper for release.

When I am satisfied that I have gotten as much of your flowing nectar as I can get, I slide my tongue up and hook the underside of your love button. You grit your teeth, knowing you are going to explode for the umpteenth time.

I settle in and take your clit between my lips again, but this time, I rub over your clit, swirling it around with my tongue every few licks. I hold it there and slide my tongue over it insistently, coaxing it ever closer, always applying more pressure.

You lift your ass off the bed, hands holding my head firmly in place, as you lock your legs behind my head. You moan, and grunt, and groan; your gasps for breath getting shallower, longer, until you almost can't get any air. And your voice starts a low moan, rising slowly through the registers of your voice, to a soft howl escaping your lips, until you reach a keening wail. The keening goes higher, higher, to a scream escaping as you explode! Waves of ecstasy, relief and loss wash over, and over you, until you collapse, exhausted, rung dry. As little sobs rattle your body, I slip behind you and wrap my arms around you, to hold you, comfort you.