 I've barely closed the door when he slams me up against the wall from behind and starts kissing and biting my neck. Instantly I'm horny as hell. I make a show of trying to get him off me, but he knows it's an act and responds by getting rougher. He turns me round, holding both of my hands above my head with one of his, I'm helpless. Still kissing my neck and face, he rubs his hard dick up against me, I can imagine its size and taste and want it in my mouth right now, but I know he'll make me wait till later. 

He slides his free hand up my top; the roughness of his hands touching my soft skin makes me hornier still as he starts to maul my breasts. The way he grabs at me makes me feel like he's so horny he couldn't stop himself which turns me on all the more. 

He releases my arms briefly, only to rip off my top and his own. Fuck he's fit. I feel myself getting wet just looking at his tan skin and the rough dark hair on his stomach trailing down into his jeans. He pushes me onto the bed, pins my arms again and starts sucking my nipples and biting my breasts. He moves down, licking and biting hard at my ribs and waist making me writhe underneath him as his stubble scratches my skin. I can't tell if its pleasure or pain, either way I love it. Suddenly he stops.

He drags off my skirt and I'm left in just my black thong. I see his eyes rove over my breasts and stomach as he begins to undo his jeans. As I stare at his gorgeous lithe, tight body, I so want to reach out and touch. I start to sit up but he pushes me back and holds me down until he's finished undressing and is completely naked before me. I love his cock. It's perfect. It's big and thick and so hard, and I want to touch it, lick it, suck it and feel it inside me. 

I don't care what he wants to do now. I get on my knees in front of him and hold his cock in my hand and lightly brush my lips up the shaft and back down again. Then I slide my tongue up and down as I start to slowly wank him off at the same time. When I get to the tip I swirl my tongue around then slide my mouth down his cock suck up and down. I hear his breathing get heavier and this turns me on even more as I work faster, deep throating then rubbing my lips, which are covered in my saliva and his pre come, over the head, and tonguing his helmet. I feel his cock grow hard under my hand and even bigger in my mouth as more pre come seeps out and I lick it up, but he steps back, not wanting to come yet.

He moves me back onto the bed and positions himself kneeling between my legs. He trails his fingers over my hips and down the inside of my thighs making me shiver. He starts rubbing my clit through my knickers, but I need more and start to grind down against his touch. He inches his fingers inside my g string and slides them up and down my already wet pussy. I moan at the sensation and in frustration, I want to come. 

Finally he pulls my underwear off so I'm completely naked and he lies down beside me sucking my nipples and grazing his teeth along my breasts. Then he pushes a finger slowly inside me, feeling fully how incredibly wet he's made me, then he pulls it out and his fingers slip easily up to my clit which he circles and skims slowly at first getting faster and faster, occasionally sinking his fingers inside me, feeling how hot I am for him. As my body begins to tense he concentrates on my clit sliding his fingers over and around it again and again biting around my nipples until I come hard and lay exhausted, sweaty and satisfied. 

Immediately he's on top of me and feeling the weight of him and smelling him so close makes me instantly horny again. He pushes my legs apart with his and thrusts his hard dick into me. I raise my hips to get as much of him in me as I can. I feel his thickness fill me completely, it's incredible. Already I feel close to coming again and I urge him on harder and faster, getting turned on just watching the muscles in his arms and shoulders flex and contract as he pounds me. I come again, around his cock this time and I'm now completely sated, but he's not.

He pulls out, forcefully flips me over and shoves his dick into me from behind, making me moan deeply from the new sensation. I feel the hard muscles of his thighs against mine and when he grabs my hips so he can thrust harder I lose it coming again and again, clawing at the bed almost trying to escape the intolerable pleasure.

He pulls his cock out of me, but it's quickly replaced with his fingers sliding in and out of me then up to my ass which he lubricates with my own cum. I feel his cock against my ass next and he slowly pushes the tip in. He pulls back slightly then pushes a couple of inches right into my tight ass. 

The dirtiness of it and the fact I know how much he gets off on it begins to turn me on. He starts thrusting faster and I feel his hands spreading my ass so he can see his thick cock sliding in and out of me. After only minute or so I hear his breath get deep and ragged and he moans as the tightness around his cock sends convulsions through his body as he starts to come hard into my ass. He collapses on top of me and we lie in a sweaty heap, regaining energy for a repeat performance. I smile to my self in the knowledge that I get to do this with him every night.