 You needed a break to get away from it all so you found a spot to camp for a few days in this secret location you thought nobody else knew about. Surrounded by big towering trees, a clear pool with a waterfall cascading gently from a rock outcropping twenty feet above. The only thing you were worried about were bears. But they're not going to care if they see you taking a shower in that waterfall just after daybreak, are they? Of course not. So you slip out of your sleepwear, leaving it back in your tent. Your sports bra and panties are the last to go, left by the water's edge, bright pink so you can't miss them. You slip into the water and at first it's cold and your skin puckers up all over but then instantly it's refreshing. You splash and head over to the waterfall. All you can hear is the forest coming alive and the songbirds everywhere.

I hear the same symphony of nature as i make my way up this new trail I had only read about in an old guide book. There's a waterfall up here somewhere, and as the early morning light filters through the trees I finally catch the scent of fresh water mist. Then I hear the splashing water. I hadn't brought any water in my hydration pack, stupid I know, but I was in a hurry to get to the trail head by sunrise. I set my pack down at the edge of the trees and pull off my shirt. It was already sweaty. I can't stand getting water in my Goretex boots, so those are the next to go. What the heck, I think, might as well go for a swim, so in one quick motion I pull off my hiking shorts and boxers. Damn my balls needed the freedom. As I step one foot in the water your pink bra suddenly catches my attention. What in the world? Who would leave a pink sports bra out here? And are those panties? Suddenly I hear a nervous voice from the direction of the waterfall.

"Hello"

When I first catch sight of you your hands are protecting your crotch nervously but you've made no effort to hide your breasts, so full and round and still dripping water from your natural shower. My water bottle is one hand, its cap in the other. I realize my cock is exposed to you and despite the cool morning air i can feel it hanging low, still stretching out from having been confined in my shorts.

"Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry, I didn't, I mean, you were here first, and this must be yours..."

I'm mumbling like an idiot and I can't take my eyes off your body and you know it. I can tell your gaze is fixed on me too. You aren't running away, so that's a good sign I guess. I pick up your bra and panties off the shore. Are those Victoria's Secret? Nah couldn't be.

"Here I can bring these to you" I offer sheepishly.

But you've already started swimming toward me.

"That's ok, I'll come get them" I hear you say as you paddle toward me. Your long hair flows behind you in the water. Your perfectly round ass pokes out of the water. Good grief, I think, is this a dream?

You stand up out of the water and I nervously hand you your underwear but its all I can do not to stare at your body. Perfect, toned, naked, dripping wet. I can't help but notice your pussy is completely shaved. How old are you? 20? 25? It's hard to tell. 

"Aren't, aren't you going to put those on?' I ask, still amazed and stammering like an idiot.

"I need to dry off first silly" you say as you walk over to your tent. "You're naked too, right? I mean I think we're kind of even. Come here and let's talk"

As you bend over to crawl into your tent I can't help but admire how your breasts sway on your chest. Is that a hint of a tan line around your waist? It's hard for me to tell. Maybe you tan nude? Wait, are you talking again?

"Hey you, snap out of it."

"What?"

"You're staring"

"I'm sorry, it's just"

"You think I'm hot don't you?"

"Well, I uh"

"Your dick is hard."

Of course you're right. I hadn't even touched it and it's hard as a rock. I see you looking at it throb and twitch while you towel off.

"You ruined my shower"

"I'm sorry"

"You owe me"

"Ya I guess I do"

"Do you always keep your balls shaved?

"Um, no, just when the weather gets warmer like this..." I stammer, looking down at my own balls. Are you smiling? What are you thinking?

"We're out here by ourselves, we can do whatever we want" you say as you flap your towel in the air and then spread it out on the ground. You still haven't dressed. "I'm starting to get chilly, come warm me up." Wow, did you just say that?

You stretch out on the towel, which just happens to lie in a sunbeam. I stretch out beside you and you lay your head across my arm. You tell me your name. I tell you mine. Is that your hand on my cock? Oh my God this can't be happening.

"Why aren't you kissing me?" you demand. I answer with my lips, on your cheek, your lips, your neck. I hear you moan. I feel your hand slip down my shaft and cup my balls, squeezing gently. I kiss down your chest. Wow, your breasts are so amazing. I wrap my lips around your nipples and suckle like a baby. I hear you moan softly, almost purring like a kitten. I feel your smooth legs rub against mine. I continue to worship your breasts, gripping them in my rough hands, pressing my mouth into your soft skin. I hear your breaths getting faster. 

Suddenly you roll on top of me and we're french kissing. Your tongue works deeply into my mouth, then twirls around mine. I feel your body rubbing against my cock, and then you kiss down my body, all the way down my chest until you reach my cock, licking it greedily like a hard candy. You bob up and down on me as you move your body around until we are in a perfect 69, your smooth pussy just inches away from my face. I know what you want so I give it to you. Reaching my hands up to grip your ass I pull your pussy down against my face, licking your wet slit, rubbing my nose on your clit, digging my fingers into your bare ass. You taste savory and succulent. I want more so I push my tongue up between your narrow lips. Damn your body feels tight. Surely you must have done this before?

I almost forget my cock is inside your mouth. Is that your teeth grazing my shaft? Oh my, I feel my tip hitting something soft and warm... it must be the back of your throat. Suddenly I feel cool air hit my cock and I feel you sucking on my smooth balls. Your body quivers as I greedily lick you and I can tell you are cumming. I hear you moaning loudly as you grip my body tightly between your knees. I attempt to prolong your orgasm by humming against your clit. It must be working because I hear you moan louder until you almost shriek and then you gush onto my face. I really wasn't expecting that but I'm really glad you're enjoying this as much as I am.

As your orgasm slowly subsides you roll over beside me and hold my face in your hands. "Oh my God that was amazing. How in the world have you not cum yet?" you ask me, seriously wanting to know.

"Wow um, thank you, I just, I never cum from just oral but I've always loved to eat pussy."

You're breathing hard, but I can tell you've made a decision. You pull me on top of you and spread your legs, bending your knees slightly in the air.

"Take me."

"What?"

"Don't think about, just do it. I want you to cum. Go ahead, please, I'm so ready."

I try to push it in you but it's not lining up right. You reach down with your hand and guide it in. Once the tip is in I push. Oh my God you're so tight. You bend your legs more and raise your hips slightly and that's all it takes for me to push in all the way. You're so tight and your grip on me is amazing, so much better than any girlfriend I've ever had. Plus I've usually had to use condoms, and now I'm fucking your pussy raw and your body feels so hot and wet. My hands intertwine with yours as I stroke you in and out. With every push I see your breasts sway on your chest and you're smiling but your moans now sound a bit like a whimper every time my tip reaches the end of your vagina and pushes on your cervix. I lean down to french kiss you like we did before and I feel your legs wrap around me. 

Are you cumming again? Your orgasm turns me on even more so I increase my speed, thrusting faster and faster. I raise up to see your beautiful face. Is that a tear streaming down your cheek?

"Harder! Harder!" You beg me as you claw your hands up and down my back, gripping my muscular ass as I fuck you like you want it. I feel like an animal taking what I want. And what I want is your body. You're a sexual being who secretly desires and craves this pleasure. And now I showed up out of nowhere to give it to you. My balls ache as they slap against your body with every thrust. This feel naughty, wrong, but you gave me consent and I can feel your hips rise up to meet my body as we fuck with more passion than I've ever felt before.

"I'm cumming again! Don't stop! Don't stop!" I hold your arms down and watch your body shudder as your third orgasm overtakes your body, leaving you weak as I continue to drill your soaking wet pussy. It's more than I can handle. I can't keep this up, I can't hold back any longer.

"Unnnnn I'm going to cum too!" I cry out as my muscles start to tense.

You've almost passed out but I can still hear your voice. "Don't stop, give it to me!"

"What?"

"Do it, Go ahead and do it, give it to me!"

"I can't hold back any longer!" I warn you one lase time.

"Please, cum for me! Cum inside me!"

I thrust in once more, then start to pull out. I shouldn't do this, I don't even know you. But then your hands grip my ass and with all the strength you have left you pull me back in all the way. I try to resist you but then give in, purposely pushing my cock in as far as I can shove it in you, stretching your tight body. Then my head spins and I feel my balls tighten and all of the sudden I release and then the orgasm overwhelms my whole body and I feel you quivering beneath me. As each hot stream leaves my body I press against you, trying to sink my cock in even deeper. I've never cum this hard and never had such a willing and smoking hot sexual partner. The last thing I want to do now is pull out. I'm still so hard for you. So I'm glad that I feel your hands still gripping my bare ass, keeping me in. I reach down to kiss you one last time as the last few pulses of semen leave my body to enter yours.

To be continued...