 The new house at Glenrose Valley Drive sits on 23 acres four miles from the city limits. It is hidden from the road by carefully-preserved mature trees and the winding drive gives onto lush landscaping and a courtyard fronting the house. At the rear of the house there is a spa with pool and hot tub, a koi pond, a cabana with bar and about an acre of landscaping. Beyond that it is all bush and forest. I'm an architect and I designed and commissioned its construction 2 years ago and live there with my wife, Ann. We had lived in the city most of our adult lives but now that we were nearing retirement we wanted a more serene existence, surrounded by Nature.

I work from home; everything I need is in a purpose-built design studio and I only take on work which fires my imagination or if I take a liking to the clients. Ann continues to drive into the city where she works as a buyer for an upscale ladies fashion chain.

The late spring snow had tapered off when I piled into the SUV for the drive to the airport. Ann had been away on a 5-day business trip/convention and her plane had been delayed twice due to the bad weather. I greeted my frazzled and tired wife at the arrivals level and relieved her of the luggage.

"How was it?" I asked as I fired up the SUV.

"Oh, busy and . . . er . . . interesting. I'll tell you all about it when we get home," she replied as she slumped in her seat, relieved to be on the final leg home.

The way she said 'interesting' indicated there was a story to be told and knowing Ann, it could be anything from mild to wild.

"So, tell me about your trip, what was so interesting?" I asked as I handed my wife a healthy glass of Merlot.

She lifted her lovely legs up onto the sofa and leaned back. "Well, it was very busy as usual and the new product lines were interesting but the most interesting part of my trip was what Andrea had to say. You remember Andrea from San Francisco; we met last year at the convention in Montreal?"

"I certainly do, how could I forget, she was a great lay." Ann gave out that sexy laugh I love so much at the mention of our shared interest. "Was her husband, Barry, there?"

"No, just Andrea and that was a pity, I would have liked to have spent some time with him again, he was very good. We had fun with them, didn't we?"

"We did, what are they up now and what did Andrea tell you that has you so excited - more men?"

"No . . . well, yes, in a way. She's seeing a 20 year-old and has never been happier sexually. He was a bit naïve at first but she has had so much fun teaching him and the benefits of someone so young are enormous. There's the stamina for starters and the recuperative ability. She was saying he is able to cum three times over the course of several hours and his loads are huge and squirt powerfully." 

Our 'shared interest' is that Barry and I enjoy watching our wives with other men and our wives enjoy us watching them. For Ann and me it began 20 years ago when Ann was 41 and I was 44. John and Beth were our next door neighbours and our friendship developed into swapping partners. We would get together almost every week and have same room sex but occasionally I would spend the night with Beth at her house and John would stay overnight with Ann. It worked well for more than two years until Beth ran off with a guy she worked with. 

After that we still invited John over and it was then I realized I loved to watch Ann being fucked and she loved me to watch. I liked to sit in a chair beside the bed and watch before joining them as Ann really enjoyed being taken care of by two men. John would eventually take a job in Australia not long after Ann's forty-sixth birthday and we both soon knew that we had to find another man. We were hooked on the numerous possibilities that a third person added to the physical and psychological aspects of our sex life.

Ann still has a really sexy body; she is 5'7'', neither slim or fat, curves in all the right places, great legs and ass, full breasts and a lovely, tight and wet pussy. She always dresses erotically for sex and looks great in stockings and heels. I have numerous photographs of her in various stages of undress and being fucked by John. We selected 3 photos that showed her attributes to the fullest and, along with our profile, posted them on an adult friend-finding site. We were looking for a gentleman in our own age group that was free to join us on a regular and frequent basis. There were over 30 replies and after we met with eight to discuss compatibility we selected Sean. He was 54, eight years older than Ann and in great physical shape. He was about 6' tall, average build and ruggedly handsome. Most important for us was he was intelligent, refined, considerate and a gentleman. Ann also liked the photo of his thick, uncut cock and was looking forward to giving it rigorous testing. 

We met with Sean once, sometimes twice a week and he was everything we had hoped for. He was an excellent lover and Ann enjoyed his creative, sexual technique. We explored new areas by having sex in the woods at the back of the house, in the pool and hot tub and in the car. We also went away to hotels for long weekends where Sean and I would fuck Ann on and off during the mornings, afternoons, evenings and through the night for two and a half days. We always stayed in a two bedroom suite and Ann loved to leave our bed after a couple of hours sleep to have sex with Sean then come back and have sex with me. Often she would go back to Sean again before he would join us in our bed where we would both enjoy her before breakfast. I found it very erotic to lie in bed and listen to the varied sounds of my wife being fucked in the next room. They were incredibly erotic weekends that went on for 5 years. 

They all came to an abrupt and tragic end 10 months ago when Sean was killed in a car accident. It was a great shock to Ann and I and we hadn't thought about replacing him but now, I had the feeling that that was about to end. There was a twinkle in her eye that I hadn't seen since before Sean's death all the time she was telling me about Andrea's young beau.

"I want us to find a young man I can teach and train and cum three time a night in huge loads inside and over me. I want to feel his excitement and enthusiasm that only comes with young, inexperienced boy," she gushed with excitement.

I went over to the sofa and we kissed, she was ready for me and I was ready for her. The sofa's springs were duly put to the test.

A few days later we had a photo session and I took a lot of provocative shots of Ann in various erotic outfits, lingerie and naked. She loves to pose, from glamour shots to raunchy, lewd and with dildos, vibrators and other toys. We planned to use some of these in a revised profile detailed to gain the attention of a young man with a rampant passion and desire to fuck a mature and beautiful woman.

Several weeks later we were no further ahead. Although we had lots of replies to our profile from men of various ages complimenting Ann on her super erotic body and their often outlandish claims of wanting and being able to fuck her silly, none were young enough. We had to come up with a new strategy and I had an idea. I planned on clearing some of the brush that stood between the landscaped area and forest at the rear of the house. I placed an ad in the local newspaper for help wanted. I stressed it was physical work and we were looking for fit young men, 18-22, looking to earn a bit of ready cash and attached our phone number. We had four responses within 24 hours of the paper being delivered and I asked them to stop by the house on Saturday morning at 10:00AM. 

It was one thing to have the lads interested in earning some extra cash, it was quite another to ascertain if they were suitable for, or interested in, sex with Ann. Our course of action was for Ann to look sexy and give the lads lots of opportunities to ogle her and for me to observe their behaviour.

On Saturday morning Ann looked very fetching in a thin, white top with a deep, v-neck that left little to the imagination as to how lovely her braless tits and nipples were. Her very short, pale blue shorts displayed her lovely backside to its best advantage and it was hoped her horny ensemble would excite the young men in observable ways for me to determine if they were suitable fodder for Ann's considerable sexual appetite and desires. By 10:20 all four lads had arrived and Ann and I took them out back to show them the work to be done. This is where Ann would flaunt herself, making sure the boys had plenty of erotic views of her tits and ass and I would observe their reactions. She bent over in front of them, pulled on her top so it forced her tits and nipples tight against the thin material and showed a lot of cleavage and generally behaved in a lewd manner in front of them. 

My observations of the lad's reactions led me to eliminate three of the four. Only Michael reacted to Ann's erotic display; he leered at her almost non-stop and, though he tried, he could not hide the bulge in his crotch and by its size he was obviously well-endowed. That fact hadn't escaped Ann's attention and I noticed her glancing at it several times. 

I told the lads I would call them once we had made our decision and after they left discussed the boys with Ann. She agreed that Michael was the only one who showed an overt sexual response to her antics and she was excited by the possibility that he was well-endowed. John had been quite large and Ann had enjoyed that, especially from behind when she was on her hands and knees or standing and bent over with her palms flat on the floor. We decided I would call Michael and begin working towards developing a sexual relationship with him. 

Michael was available on Tuesdays and the weekends and I estimated we had about three weeks of work but could make it last for as long as was necessary. We didn't really care if or when the work was completed; we hoped he would be expending his energy with Ann, not with the brush at the back of the house. We agreed to move swiftly; I would chat to him about girlfriends and slowly move on to sex then gradually ask his sexual feelings regarding older women as we worked together. Ann would dress sexily and flaunt herself at the appropriate times. She knew how erotic I thought it was going to be to watch her with a virile, 19 year old and she was very excited with the idea also, particularly after her conversation with Andrea. I made the call and Michael agreed to start work on Tuesday morning.

Michael arrived promptly at 9:00AM as arranged. Ann and I greeted him at the door and I saw my wife admiring his well-toned body displayed nicely in t-shirt and shorts. She was dressed in a tight, short skirt and heels and when she excused herself and sashayed down the hall Michael stared intently at the sexy rear view. He and I went around the house and out back where I had placed various tools and we set to work. As we cleared weeds and other unwanted vegetation I discovered he had no steady girlfriends, lived with his Mom and was free to lead his own life. That was certainly a plus since looking ahead Ann may want him to stay overnight as she had enjoyed doing with John and Sean. 

When I broached the topic of sex he was a little guarded, not sure of what to say to someone near the age of his grandfather but he opened up to me slowly as he became more comfortable with me and admitted his experience was limited to heavy petting, one girlfriend jerked and sucked him off and he had had sex once with another that had lasted all of ten seconds.

I told him that was a typical experience for a young man and he shouldn't let it bother him, he would gradually learn and make it last longer and one of the best ways was to find a good teacher, a woman with some experience. That was my opening gambit that led me to ask, "How do you feel about older women? Are you attracted to them? I sure was when I was your age; there were neighbours and trips to the mall, all a feast for the eyes and my sexual imagination. All those sexy, ladies out shopping dressed in short skirts and heels. I lusted for all of them."

He cracked a shy smile and I could tell he was contemplating his answer. After a lengthy pause he said, "Yeah, I look at some and wonder what it would be like."

"Do you masturbate thinking about what it would be like?"

He looked down and kicked the ground, no doubt pondering again why I was asking these questions and how to answer. He never looked up but answered, "Yeah, a lot."

"Me too son . . . me too. It's nothing to be ashamed of; older woman can be very sexually attractive to a young man. In fact I was lucky enough to have such an experience when I was about your age. She lived down the street and I had done a few odd jobs for her. Her husband was away a lot, in sales I think. Anyway, she asked me to move some boxes in the basement and while I was doing that she hovered about until she just grabbed me and kissed me. We had sex right there on the floor in the basement. 

She was probably 50 years old and I did a lot of odd jobs for her over the next couple of years, if you get my meaning. Well I can tell you son, it was the best sex I ever had until I married Mrs. D. Now, let's finish this section, Mrs. D. will be calling us for lunch any time." 

Ann did call a few minutes later and as we walked together to the house I gave Ann several non-verbal indicators that I was pleased with Michael's reactions to my sexual questions. I opened the screen door that led into the kitchen and said, "Ann, go ahead," as I held out my arm, hoping she took my verbal cue. Michael and I had bonded well and I think he now saw me as less of an employer and old fogey and more perhaps of an older friend with an understanding of his own sexual desires and concerns. 

Ann was leaning on the other side of the kitchen island with lunch arrayed before her. After we had washed up we sat on bar stools on the other side of the island. Ann was bending over the island showing lots of cleavage and her nipples were very erect and Michael certainly ogled the view.

"Beer?" I asked, "I think we earned it."

"Sure," Michael answered and I went to the fridge and returned with two bottles.

When we had eaten lunch Ann came around the island and sat on a chair at the table, allowing her skirt to ride up. "I hope my husband hasn't tired you out," she said with a laugh.

"No, Mrs D., it wasn't bad at all, still lots left though." He was staring at the expanse of thigh above her stocking tops and took a big gulp.

"Has Mr. D. been talking about me while you were out there?"

"Er . . . no," Michael answered, a little confused.

"Didn't he ask you about mature women and if you liked to masturbate while thinking about having sex with them?"

He looked at me bewildered and then back to Ann who lifted her legs over the arms of the chair and 

displayed her naked pussy. "I want you to experience what you think about when you jerk off, now come here." 

Michael looked to me again and I said, "Go on, if you want to, I promise you'll enjoy it," and motioned him over to my horny wife lewdly exposing herself. 

The young lad went over and stood before Ann, unable to hide the massive bulge in his shorts. She looked at it and said, "Umm, is that all for me? Take them off and let me see." He fumbled with the button and zip while Ann played lazily with her clit as he pulled down his shorts. His cock was so erect it stood almost vertical and I envied his youth. It was huge; at least 8" long and thick, a huge, cut phallus with a big knob that glistened and the whole thing pulsed violently. "What a beautiful, big cock you have, Michael," she cooed and gently, almost reverently, caressed it. It was too much for him, he began to moan. Ann knew he couldn't stop and jerked his big erection in short, fast strokes and directed the huge flow of thick cum all over her pussy and tummy in several giant spurts. "Oh, so much cum, I want it all inside me next time," my wife cooed. She could see that Michael was disappointed and embarrassed that he ejaculated so quickly and added, "Mr. D. will show you to the bathroom, have a shower then join me in my bedroom. Don't feel badly about cumming too quickly, you have lots left. I'm going to teach you how to please a woman and I'm going to please you in ways you never thought possible, would you like that."

"Oh yes, Mrs. D., oh yes please."

I led our young lothario to the bathroom off the guest bedroom and handed him a bathrobe. "When you're finished, put this on and go down the hall, the master bedroom is at the end. You are a lucky young man; you're going to have a lot of fun and Mrs. D. is an excellent teacher." He gave me a weak smile and headed off for his shower.

I showered in the en-suite and when I came out Ann was lying naked on the bed. "Did you see how rigid his big cock was . . . and all that cum, wow, Andrea was right." she said."

"Guys his age are in their sexual prime, their cocks will never be harder than they are now or shoot as much cum," I replied just as Michael walked into the room. He gazed at Ann and she told him to remove the robe and join her on the bed. I sat on a chair and watched as my wife kissed and fondled the boy and guided him around her body and instructed him on what to do. It was obvious he had limited experience with women but much of sex is instinctive and his big cock was soon fully erect again. Ann allowed him to explore her body and he quickly grasped the rudimentary skills of mauling and kissing her tits as well as fingering and tonguing her pussy and clit. 

My wife eased the young man on top her and directed his cock towards her pussy. She sighed heavily and moaned, "Oh Michael," as it nudged past her labia, stretching her vagina but she was soaking wet and my horny, highly aroused wife grabbed his butt cheeks and pulled him all the way in. "Lift my legs and fuck me," she whispered. He soon found a rhythm and lasted almost two minutes before he ejaculated again. Ann held him close and told him how good his cum felt as it squirted powerfully and filled her. 

They lay there quite still, the young man on top of my wife with his cock buried deep in her pussy. She caressed his bottom and clutched it from time to time to keep his cock inside her. She kissed him and her tongue explored his mouth. After several minutes she allowed him to roll off her but they continued to kiss. He now had free access to her tits, ass and pussy and his young fingers explored them all. 

Under Ann's instruction he played with her nipples and breasts then roamed over her ass and moving to her pussy. She also had him pay attention to other erogenous zones such as her neck, small of her back, and belly button. "Fuck me with your fingers," my wife breathed in his ear as he was sucking her nipples. He slid two fingers inside my wife and began pumping them back and forth. She was full of cum and his fingers made sloshing noises as they rammed in and out. He paused momentarily to insert a third finger and began thrusting again. Ann whimpers became ever louder until she screamed, "Yes, oh yes, oh god, yeeessss!" Her hips convulsed and she moaned incoherently. She took Michael's cum-coated fingers out of her pussy and placed them in her mouth and sucked them greedily. 

Ann hadn't noticed that Michael had an almost full erection and when he moved to suck her other tit she felt it against her thigh. She moved her hand down and took hold of it, "Oh Michael, you're hard again."

The lad hadn't said a word since he joined Ann on the bed save for cries of pleasure when he ejaculated but now he moaned, "Oh Mrs. D. you are so sexy, I can't get enough of you, you're body is so lovely I want to be with you all the time."

Ann knew he was overwhelmed with passion and was experiencing the most erotic time he had ever had. She felt happy and aroused that he saw her as sexually desirable wanted to stroke his ego as well as his beautiful big cock. "Michael, you can come here and fuck me anytime you want, there's so much I want to teach you. I love your big, hard cock and all that cum and I want more, as much as you want to give me," my wife told him and looked over to me and I smiled and nodded. 
