 "Is she alright?" the old man asked.

"She's fine" I said as I finally pulled my throbbing cock out of your pussy and released your hips from my hands, not realizing how weak your legs would be after the pounding I just gave you. You flop down on the ground in front of me, leaving my still semi-hard dick twitching awkwardly in the air, still dripping sperm.

"She doesn't look alright" the old woman said.

"I'm alright" you finally say as you finally begin to regain your composure, slowly rolling over on your back.

I can tell the woman is staring at my cock. "You can stop staring at me now" I tell the old woman. It feels a little vulnerable being on my knees with my dick hard like this.

"You can stop staring at me too" I hear you tell the old man.

"Haven't the two of you ever seen people fucking before?" I demand.

"Not like that!" screeched the old woman.

"I thought you were gonna kill her!" exclaimed the old man. They're both still staring at us.

"He wasn't gonna kill me. I asked him to pound me like that." You tell them both as you relax on your back. I can tell you're still breathing hard. Your pussy must be sore. It looks a little red. Just then a trickle of my semen begins to flow out of you and it catches the sunlight and glistens in the late morning air.

I reach down and use the corner of your towel to dry off my cock. I see you watching me. "I can't believe that whole thing was inside me" you gasp.

"I can't believe you took two loads of my cum in your pussy like that" I say with a smile.

"I enjoyed every drop of it!" you exclaim with an even bigger smile.

"Aren't you two going to get dressed?" the old woman asks.

"Hadn't planned on it" I say.

"Not any time soon" you chime in.

"You can go away now" I tell the old couple dismissively as I turn my attention back to your gorgeous naked body lying in front of me. Finally they take the hint and disappear back down the trail. I think I see the old man messing with his phone. Did he just take some pictures? Oh well, too late to go chasing him down.

So I stretch out beside you and pull you close to me.

"You're amazing" I breathe.

"I've never been fucked like that before" you coo.

"I could do that with you every day for the rest of my life. Every night, every morning, heck I could do it every hour on the hour!" I'm getting a little carried away.

"I never thought it would feel so good to let a man nut in me. I mean, I just want to leave it in there all day. Can I tell you a secret?"

"Sure."

"Right when you were ejaculating the second time, and I felt the fluid shooting inside me. I mean I know I can't because I'm on the pill but part of me wanted to conceive your baby right then and there."

"Wow, I felt the same way. I mean I don't want to get you pregnant, but part of me wanted to impregnate you with me seed." In my mind I picture your body nine months pregnant, your breasts swollen on your chest full of milk for our baby.

"That's so primal."

"I know."

"I feel so alive right now. Isn't it weird? Like two strangers just saw me get fucked and I didn't even reach for any clothes."

"Ya I really didn't care either."

"Are your balls sore?"

"Ya they are."

"Would it help if I sucked on them?"

"Ya it really would!"

You roll over and lovingly take my cock in your mouth. Slurping on it gently like it's the most delicious treat you've ever had. I relax and close my eyes, enjoying the heat of your tongue on me. Then you suck on my right testicle, then the left, pulling them gently, tugging ever so slightly. Then I feel you stroking my shaft in your hand.

"I've given plenty of blowjobs before, but never sucked on a man's smooth balls before. I like it."

You must like it, because I feel you sucking on them again. I open my eyes and watch you stroking on my hard cock as you open your mouth wide to engulf my entire scrotum at once.

"Aaaaahhh" I moan with pleasure as I feel your lips wrap around me, your tongue flicking over my balls, your teeth grazing on my skin. Now that I've rammed my cock into your body so many times it feels so right for my balls to now be on your body as well. I've had blowjobs before but no girl has worshiped my balls like this ever.

Finally you release my balls from your mouth, now covered with your saliva. You position your hand over the base of my cock, pointing it vertically in the air as you then lower your head over me, deepthroating my cock.

"Unnnnhhhhh yessss!!!" I whisper as I see you bob up and down, sliding your tongue up and down my shaft. I can't believe you can deepthroat me like this. My tip must be halfway down your neck but you never choke on it. You bob up and down again and again and again until finally you lift up and suck on the tip, humming on it, nibbling.

"It's funny you can't cum from just oral. I'd love to make you cum in my mouth." You offer.

"Sorry, I'd love to too."

"What do you want me to do?" you ask.

There's only one thing left to do, "Ride me."

"Ok" you eagerly oblige as you straddle me and grip my rigid cock in your hand as you lower down. I feel the heat of your pussy surround me once again and it sends shivers up my spine. It's all I can do to hold on to your tight round ass as you begin to buck up and down. I love how you know what you want and take it.

I'm mesmerized by how your voluptuous breasts bounce on your chest as you ride me like a bucking pony, twisting your hips as I thrust upward pushing my throbbing cock up into your body. Our juices coat my shaft as our bodies slap up against each other in the air. You're biting your lip, tossing your hair in the air as you enjoy being in control.

"My God you're hung like a horse!" you squeal as I feel your body orgasm and your pussy clench around me. "I want you to drain those big beautiful balls in me one more time!" Of course I'm eager to give you what you want but this is our third round already so it's not going to come quickly. I'll need to pick up the speed and force to make it happen.

"Get ready" I warn you before digging my fingers into your bare shapely ass and thrusting so hard up into you that I'm lifting your body off the ground.

"Fuckkkkk! Yesssss!" You scream for all the world to hear as I greedily thrust up into your hot pussy, pounding your body with machine like force. But it's still not enough for me to cum.

I hold you in my arms and roll us over, rising above you I grab your ankles in my hands and hold your legs up in the air.

"Take me!" You beg as I sink my cock in again, pounding your body against the ground over and over and over. Watching your body writhe beneath me, your breasts rocking on your chest, your hands clawing the ground, your long silky hair thrashing, your beautiful smile and the look of rapturous pleasure on your face... I just want to be close to you. So I release your ankles and lie on top of you, chest to chest, to hold you in my arms while I continue to thrust inside your body. You welcome my deep kiss and I can feel your moans meet mine.

We stay locked together, our arms around each other, our tongues in each other's mouths, my throbbing cock stroking you inside your wet pussy. But what I feel is more than just the pleasure of your hot sexy body against mine, more than the grip of your pussy on my cock, more than just our sexual union. I can't help but say it.

"I love you!"

Although nearly breathless you grip me closer to you and tell me the same.

"I love you too!"

To hear your voice say those words sends me absolutely over the edge. Now we're not just fucking each other, not just strangers in the woods. Now we're making love. I hadn't even realized I was this close to cumming, but my heart is racing and I can't help but thrust into you with one last powerful push and then it just erupts. You let out the most delicious little whimper as my balls tighten and the first rush of semen floods your body. I feel you quiver and shake against me as we both orgasm simultaneously, your hot pussy contracting around my throbbing cock as I pump stream after stream of my fresh semen into you, your nails clawing into my tight ass, now sweating from the midday sun.

We stay locked together for what seemed like forever, holding each other close until finally I pulled my semi-flaccid cock out of you and we stood up to stretch.

I still remember the little stream of my cum leaking out of your pussy as you stood up, how it glistened white in the sun as it ran down your thigh. You looked breathtaking as you swam out into the water to clean off. No woman ever looked so gorgeous.

When we finally got dressed on the shore of the water I was so happy when you asked if you could follow me home.

I know a lot has happened between us since then, but I just wanted you to know that I still love you. I still have all the same feelings and passion for you as that day we met. Our sex is almost as beautiful as all of our children. I love you darling.