 *Note: This story is true from my own personal experience. The characters names have been changed to protect the innocent.

"So Kelly, tell me, have you ever been naughty enough to open the door being completely naked?" Tony asked her.

She let out a soft giggle as she replied, "no, not ever...why?"

"Would you ever consider doing something like that?" he questioned Kelly.

"I don't know, I've never done it before. I guess it would be something to think about. Tony, are you daring me to answer the door naked for you?" Kelly smirked.

"Nah, you're too scared," he dared her.

"Oh, now you're gonna tell me I'm scared. Well, I am definitely not scared. What do I have to be scared about?"

"Whatever, just admit you couldn't do it!"

Kelly had met Tony two weeks ago. She was working in her mother's newly opened coffee shop just right across from the Glenn Hollow police station, when Tony (Officer Hunt) stopped in. They talked for a few and during their conversation, Kelly felt an unusual chemistry between the two of them. Kelly thought she was the only one that felt it, but would soon find out that she wasn't the only one who had felt the spark. They happened to live within a street of each other, which happens to be so coincidental! (Keep in mind this is all so very true) They exchanged phone numbers and began calling one another constantly.

Kelly was 20 years old. She was so attractive. She was so damn attractive that she could have all the men in the world line up and she could pick and choose the one she wanted. She could have any man. Kelly was average to short in height, weighing 115 pounds, she had long, beautiful silky platinum blond hair that fell just below her perky 36C breasts. Her skin was bronzed from her daily visits to the tanning salon, and her body was trimmed so perfectly. And God, did she have the biggest, bluest eyes that every man fantasized about! She had just recently moved into an apartment where she lived alone. She answered to nobody but herself for a change. She was newly single, or free I guess you could say, and life couldn't be any better.

Tony, on the other hand, was ten years older, single (divorced) with no kids, and lived by himself as well. He stood about six feet tall with a medium, husky build. The build every woman loved, to keep them protected and to feel secure. He also had gorgeous blue eyes and a tantalizing smile that drew you in. Officer Hunt was very hot, especially in that damn uniform. There was something about him in his uniform that gave Kelly the most dirtiest, naughtiest thoughts a woman could have! Kelly and Tony's phone calls started out as friendly calls. Just the normal conversations that two people have when they first meet. Those conversations were soon replaced by sexual, intimate one's that secretly turned both of them on with burning desire.

"I swear Tony, I am not scared of you or to open the door naked for you! If you don't believe me, why don't you walk your ass up here right now and find out for yourself!" she demanded in a naughty and persuading tone.

"Ok, I will. I'll be there in five minutes!" he said as he slammed down the phone.

Kelly had never done anything like this, ever! Especially for a someone she had just met only weeks ago. She was so nervous. She started undressing and got down to her panties. She had all of the lights out and watched out the blinds to look for Tony walking up the street. There he was! He was so close and there she was, naked and waiting.

Tony walked up the flight of stairs to the second floor to apartment B and knocked on the door.

"Are you ready to see me naked?" she called from behind the door.

"You're not naked, just let me in, it's really cold out here!"

She cracked the door open only enough to stick her head out, and asked him once more if he was ready. He nodded his head, so she opened the door. There Kelly stood completely nude except for her white lace panties covering her smooth shaved pussy, for the first time ever. Tony's jaw dropped and his eyes widened. He was speechless. After a second or two, he managed to say something like. "Oh My God!!"

He let himself all the way into her apartment and drew himself close to her. Her nervousness began to settle a little, but not completely. She couldn't believe what she was doing. Tony grabbed her face and began kissing her mouth. His hands slid over her ass and he began caressing her skin. His cock was so hard and wanted to be freed so badly. She could feel his bulge against her pussy and she became very wet. He then slid his hands up to her breasts and ran his fingers over her nipples. Kelly let out soft moans as he made her more aroused. 

"Can we go into your room?" he whispered into her ear.

"Only if you carry me." She whispered back.

"Ok, but I don't know where it is."

"It's just down the hall." 

He picked her up into his muscular, manly arms and carried her down the hall to her bedroom. He placed her on the bed and knelt between her thighs. He ran his tongue across her inner thighs, working his way to her sweet, moistened mound.

Kelly couldn't take it much longer. It had been a while since she had been with anyone. Tony's tongue felt like velvet caressing her skin. She was in pure ecstacy; total bliss. Tony lightly flicked his tongue over her clit sending chills over her and causing her to gasp. He started eating her pussy slowly and gradually started picking up the pace. He couldn't get enough of her. He craved her taste and her smell. 

"Oh, God Tony, I'm gonna cum, you're mouth feels so fucking good on my pussy," she moaned out loud.

"Go ahead, cum...cum in my mouth, I wanna taste your sweet pussy juices baby!"

"Ohhh, oh, I'm cumming...ooohhh. God that's great, don't stop Tony!"

After having her mind blowing orgasm, she regained her composure and pulled Tony on top of her. She kissed him hard and fast. She needed to feel him. She needed to feel him deep inside of her sopping wet cunt. He rammed his cock into her with one hard thrust and she screamed out loud.

"Oh yeah, that's it, fuck that pretty pink pussy. Oh, don't stop....aaaahhh, aaahhh yes, fuck!!" she moaned loudly.

Tony was fucking Kelly hard and fast and it felt so damn wonderful. Actually, she couldn't remember of any other time sex had been this great. He was licking and sucking her nipples, tasting her sweat. He reached his hand down between them and started rubbing her swollen clit in a fast circular motion with his thumb. This took Kelly to the edge, she was going to cum hard. 

Tony couldn't handle Kelly's moaning much longer and as she began her second orgasm, tightening around his cock, Tony's balls tightened as well as he exploded into a roaring orgasm in unison with Kelly. They were both moaning like to wild animals as he finished with his last drop semen. He collapsed next to her and ran his fingers through her long, blond hair as her kissed her continually. Kelly was in complete ecstasy.

They lay there for a few more minutes then Tony got up and got dressed. Kelly told him that that was the best sex she'd ever had.

"Yeah, that was definitely hot. I must admit I've never had a woman open the door naked for me."

"Well, I've never done that before. Every woman fantasizes about a man in uniform, I just wonder how often those fantasies come true?" she said.

"That was pretty rotten of us huh?"

"I don't know officer, am I under arrest?" she giggled as they made their way to the front door.

"No, you're not under arrest, but now that you mentioned it, next time you have to come to my house and fulfill one of my fantasies." He told her.

"Oh really? And what would that be?"

"I've always wanted to arrest a naughty girl like you. Have you ever been strip searched by a cop?" he asked.

"No, never. Isn't that against the law?" she asked laughingly.

"Not in my house. So I guess I'll be seeing you soon?"

"Oh yeah," she replied in a naughty tone.