 So, it's been awhile since I last posted a story, and I feel like a rookie all over again. Anyway, here's a new very short story, inspired by an audio that was posted a few months ago.

--------

Good morning, babygirl,

I'm sorry that I'm so far away and that I cannot touch you, whisper to you, kiss you, and play naughty games with you. But, I guess you know how to play naughty games with yourself, don't you?

I got your voicemail when I was sitting at the Engineering library at the University. I thought you'd appreciate a note in return.

I love the Engineering library because it's usually very quiet and very deserted. I can get lots of writing done there and only go to the English library when I need to research. Yesterday, I was in the middle of an essay when my voicemail app let me know you had written me. I pulled out my earphones and jacked them in, then settled back for one of your cute "Miss you, Daddy," messages. Wow, was I surprised when I heard the sounds of you playing with your pussy. My cock got hard real fast. I was reaching down to loosen my belt and adjust my dress pants for space when I had my second surprise.

A soft voice said, "Excuse me." I looked up to find a short, blond girl, maybe 20 or 21, watching me. What I recall immediately noticing was her blue eyes, her smile, then her body. White blouse, plaid skirt. I couldn't see more, but the first impression sent another jolt to my groin. 

She pulled out the chair next to mine, sat down and said, "That must be pretty good listening. May I?" Not waiting for permission, she took one earbud and put it in her ear. She heard what I heard, you moaning as your fingers played. You said something like, "I want your cock, Daddy," and she looked at me, smiling and a bit surprised, and mouthed "Daddy?" 

I nodded and she leaned in close to my ear and whispered, "Daddies are fun." Then she put her hand on mine and started stroking my cock. She took my hand and slipped it under the table, onto her nylon-clad thigh and up to her panties. Thigh-highs. Baby-girl, you know how much I love thigh-highs. I'll bet you're wearing a set right now. I slick my hand back down to her silky stockings and stroked her thigh. Then, after she purred for me, i slowly worked my way back up to her panties. I felt the dampness and I slipped a finger under the gusset and slid it into her lips. She let out a moan and squeezed and rubbed my hard cock through my jeans. I was very close to cumming right then, but I knew I needed to be in control. I slipped my fingers up her slit and when I found her clit, I teased it. 

We listened to your "story" and we both smiled as we heard you cumming again and again. She leaned over and said, "She's a good girl, letting Daddy know she's thinking of Him. Does she live here?" I shook my head and told her that you lived hours away. Then we started playing again, me fingering her pussy, her unzipping my pants and reaching to fish my cock out. She stroked it and rubbed the precum off the tip. As she did, she whispered to me, "It's too bad your babygirl isn't here to be your little slut. She doesn't know what she's missing." And she stroked me, until I was gasping. I looked at her and she giggled. "We can't have you making a mess now, can we?" and she stopped.

I plunged my fingers deep into her, getting a gasp of my own. Her breath was ragged as she begged me to make her cum, calling me "Daddy." But I growled softly, "You need to be quiet in the stacks, little one." As you finished up your recording, she brought her fingers to her lips and sucked them off. I did the same with mine. Then I kissed her, letting her taste herself. This kiss lingered for a moment, our tongues flickering. Her hands went back to my cock, as mine cupped her bra-encased breasts. Her bra was thin, silky, and her nipples hard. I teased her; she, me, as we kissed again. Then it was over.

She took my phone and sent herself a message, then quietly left. I read the message, "Daddy, call me? I need to play with you."

So, babygirl, I'm just about to call her, to arrange a play-time, to have her over to my apartment, to fuck her. When I do, I'll call you and we will share our playtime with you. You can listen ... just listen.

Daddy loves you.