 I wake up most mornings with a little 'morning wood', but I don't generally have my hand wrapped around it absent-mindedly stroking it. That was a hell of dream I had about a gorgeous blonde in a micro-bikini. Blurred scenes of her lips wrapped around my cock and my face buried in the sweetest pussy imaginable played in my head.

With a start, I sat up, still hanging onto my dick, "Shit," I said out loud. That hadn't been a dream and the gorgeous blonde was coming to my place for breakfast this morning. I swung my legs over the edge of the bed and looked at the clock. It was just before 5 a.m. and I sighed with relief that I still had about three hours to get my act together before Brittany came over.

We had met the day before while I was shooting some pictures of a house I had just finished building down on the beach. Britt 'introduced' herself by jumping into one of my shots from the boardwalk. She was barely wearing this little-bitty blue bikini and before I knew what was happening, I had become a fashion photographer and Britt was a famous swimsuit model.

The rest of the day was like some sort of fantasy. I'm not old by any stretch, late twenties, and building has kept me in pretty good shape. Britt though is this beautiful 20 year old sex kitten with a body that guys of any age dream of. Somewhere around 5' 7", her body is my idea of perfection. Long, toned legs hold up the perfect butt. Britt's butt is my ideal, what I call 'bubble butt'; two glorious handfuls that that just stick out there enough to draw your eyes, or if you're lucky, your hands.

Her tummy is flat, but not muscled and her belly button is adorned with a small piercing. Around the other side is one of my favorite areas of the female form. There is this magical area where the ass crack ends, merging with the small of the back; and for true perfection, there are two distinct dimples just above those taut globes. I could spend hours just admiring, kissing, running my fingers around Britt's lower back.

Not to be outdone however, are her beautiful breasts. I'm guessing that they are around 34 C's. They are firm and sit high and proud. Her nipples are the perfect proportion to her tits and are instant indicators of her sexual state. 

Some of Britt's facial features remind me of the actress Kaley Cuoco, but with more of button nose and these mesmerizing deep-blue eyes. Her hair is this thick lustrous strawberry-blonde that hangs beyond her shoulders.

We spent yesterday afternoon and evening getting better acquainted. I'm still a little mystified as to why she is attracted to me, but who am I to screw things up by getting all analytical. A little lunch and teasing led to more photography interspersed with some mind-blowing oral sex. After a little dinner we agreed that she would come to my place today to have breakfast and then she could help me out with some other photo projects I was working on.

Inspired by Britt's upcoming visit and the possibility of getting to know her better (wink, wink), I headed to the shower, hard-on leading the way. After a good scrubbing down and somehow fighting the urge to 'rub-one-out' as they say, I scurried around getting ready.

Now my house isn't your typical abode. Britt gave me a cautious look when she punched my address into her GPS and saw that my place was downtown in a predominately warehouse district. A few years back I purchased this large, old monument to brick in an area that I hoped would someday be revitalized and the buildings re-purposed for residences and the like. For now, all my neighbors were empty buildings. This made for a quiet neighborhood which was just to my liking.

Now I'm not camping out in a big old barn. My building covers about three quarters of an acre under one roof and that roof is about thirty feet off the floor. It's a stout old building with large wooden bow-string trusses that allow for one huge open floor area. My first idea was redevelopment when I bought it, but my dream would be to have a grand photo studio. This place is big enough to shoot a good size airliner in if you could figure out how to get it through the doors.

Unbeknownst to the city, I have built a nice two-story (sort of) home in one corner of the building. It has two bedrooms and two baths and a big kitchen and living/dining area. It won't be in Better Homes and Gardens anytime soon, but it works for me. I do have a love of good food and cooking, so I have tapped into some of my connections and have all the cool toys you need in a kitchen. The master bath, particularly the shower is also a bit over the top. That's one of the downfalls to working on high-end homes; you learn about all the neat bells and whistles that are available.

Since I don't need a real roof on my home-within-a-warehouse, I elected to make this second floor my first studio area along with a little office space. The bulk of the outside walls are only 42" tall, the exception being the full height walls that are the backdrops for the working bath and bedroom sets. The rest of the floor space can be setup for other sets and shoots. Natural light floods the area through large skylights that run down the ridge of the warehouse roof.

After my shower, I throw on a pair of shorts, T-shirt and flip-flops. A quick survey of the kitchen tells me that I have enough to throw together a nice breakfast spread. I spend a little time straightening up the living area, fluffing the couch cushions and straightening up the stack of magazines on the table. Since I fancy myself an advanced amateur photographer, I have a varied collection of magazines I look through. There are architecture mags, fashion and of course Playboy, Maxim, and the like.

Before I know it, it's almost 8 o'clock and Britt should be here any time. I ran out through my 'front yard' and opened the big rolling door. My timing was perfect as Britt was slowly making her way down the street looking for the faded address numbers painted high on the old brick wall. Waving her in off the street, my heart thumped a little faster as Britt pulled to a stop and rolled down her window as she turned across the sidewalk.

Stepping toward the car, I said, bowing slightly, "Welcome to my humble abode."

I walked along side her car as she slowly pulled into my building, pulling the door shut behind her. I could see that she wasn't sure about what she was looking at. She parked near the front door of the house and got out and didn't say a word, just did a couple 360's, trying to make sense of it all.

Stepping up to her, I put my hands on her shoulders to bring her spinning to a halt. Her beautiful blue eyes focused on mine and a smile broke out, lighting the entire area. I leaned in and kissed her lightly on the lips and even that soft touch sent shivers through me. She evidently felt the spark too as her eyes brightened even more and uttered a whispered "wow."

Our lips met again and our tongues danced with each other. Our hands roamed over each other and I soon found myself fondling her taut butt cheeks. Somehow I hadn't noticed that she was wearing a pair of very short shorts.

Britt's hands had their own agenda and had slipped between us, running her hands down my belly and southward. When one hand found what she was in search of, she squeezed tightly and my stiff cock throbbed causing her to moan through our kiss.

Meanwhile, my hands continued to explore her lovely ass, sneaking up from the bottom until my fingers merged in that delectable crevice. Kneading and probing, a middle finger found her little rosebud and just sat there, rubbing lightly. Britt's moaning became a growl as she pushed down on my digit while running her hand up and down my dick.

Finally breaking our kiss, she said in a husky breathless moan, "Hi."

With a smile and pushing a bit harder on her backdoor, I whispered, "Hi" back. She groaned again and squeezed me harder. "Stinker!" she giggled.

Begrudgingly relinquishing our hold on each other, she led me through one more 360. "You really live here?" she asked.

"It's a little different, but I call it home," I answered. "Are you hungry or do you want the nickel tour?"

"This is so weird," she answered, continuing to look over the cavernous surroundings. "Show me the rest."

Taking her hand, I led her through the front door. "This is the living area and obviously the kitchen and dining areas."

Britt roamed the area and checked everything out, short of opening drawers and cupboards. "Nice and open," she said. "It's very comfortable and warm, I like it," she smiled.

Britt snagged an apple off the island as I led her down the hall to the bedrooms. We stuck our heads in the guest room, "I've never had anyone use it, but it's here if I need it."

"It's nice," she replied as she headed toward my room.

"Now this is more like it," as she sat on the edge of my bed and bounced up and down, her feet not quite hitting the floor. Her eyes took it all in, the big screen on the wall, the sound system. "What, no mirrored ceiling?" she giggled, laying back, spread eagle.

It was all I could do to stop myself from jumping on top of her.

Before giving me a chance at a second thought, Britt rolled off the bed and bounced into the bathroom. As I adjusted myself she yelled, "George, what is with this shower?"

I stepped into the room to find her standing barefoot in the middle of the shower checking out all the controls. Kicking of my flip-flops, I stepped in behind her and reached around to show her what all the different controls did. Whispering the benefits of an anti-scald device in her ear, Britt rubbed her butt in my crotch, trying to get more of a rise out of my already stiff little buddy. I moaned a bit as I dipped the tip of my tongue in her ear and nibbled on her lobe. Writhing at the touch, she reached back and grabbed my shorts, pulling me tighter while she gyrated. That left me no option but to slip my hands under her little camisole and play with her breasts, rolling her nipples between my fingers.

Being a bit of a brat, I gave her one last tweak and then slipped out of the shower and said over my shoulder as I walked out of the room, "C'mon, two cents left on the tour."

"Wait," she whined as she slipped her sandals back on. "I'm gonna get you for that!" as she rounded the corner from the bedroom.

"Gonna have to catch me first," I said as I headed out the front door.

Britt burst out the front door in hot pursuit and saw me round the corner. Coming around the bend she saw my backside as I took the stairs up to the deck two at a time.

When she reached the top, she skidded to a stop and did another of her patented 360's taking it all in. "What the hell?" she gasped, out of breath from the pursuit.

"Welcome to my studio and office," I said as I leaned against one of the short outside wall.

"Wow!" she said as she did another room inspection. Britt wandered around the main area and office area checking out the lights and reflectors, cautiously looking over the railing walls and out into the cavernous space beyond. She looked up at the truss roof and then wandered into the bathroom and bedroom sets. She reached in and giggled with a start when she found that the shower actually worked. Taking a couple skips like a little girl she bounded onto the bed and laid back propped up on her elbows. Staring at me she asked, "So is this where you bring all the young girls, promising to make them famous models?"

Britt's blue eyes grew darker now and she broke into a sly grin when she looked down and saw the tent she'd helped erect in my shorts. I walked slowly to the end of the bed and then crawled on all four until I straddled her. Leaning down, I tried to tease her by inching up to kiss her forehead. She was having none of it and grabbed my head and launched an oral assault. We kissed and moaned and groped and rolled around a few minutes until we ran out of breath. Laying side by side with our legs intertwined, basically dry-humping each other, we stopped and looked into each others eyes.

Britt's eyes were now nearly black and you could read the passion and desire. Somehow I held it together and returned the stare and said, "So are you ready for breakfast now?"

My smile, oddly enough was not returned. If fire could have flown from her eyes, it surely would have. In a move I never saw coming, she had me on my back and was sitting on my chest, her crotch inches from my face. Catching my breath, I inhaled the tell tale aroma of arousal.

"Fuck breakfast," she growled as she reached back and slid her hand under the waistband of my shorts and grabbed my cock, pulling roughly. I winced a bit and in frustration, Britt spun around on my chest and savagely attacked my shorts to try and free my stiff cock.

Trying to be as cooperative as possible, I was nonetheless distracted by her ass in my face. Her little shorts were pulled up tighter than the best executed middle-school wedgie. Grabbing her by the hips, I pulled her down on my face and tried to gnaw through the fabric to get to her pussy. Britt squirmed as I tried to pry her shorts off. I lost my grip and she gained ground and I felt her mouth take my cock deep. I moaned and bucked as I tried to reach under her and unbutton her shorts. Britt nipped at the tip of my cock as a warning and I knew I had lost this round. Throwing my arms back, I said, "You win." She chortled as well as one can with a dick down your throat and continued to slide her warm mouth up and down my length.

The battle now decided; we both relaxed. Britt pushed my shorts down past my knees and I helped out by kicking them off the rest of the way. Britt ran one hand up and down the inside of my thighs, scraping lightly with her nails that sent a shiver up my cock. I could feel her smile as she continued to run her mouth up to the tip and down to the root. I could feel her saliva run down my balls and she used her other hand to massage them, running her hand up the bottom of my shaft to gather more wetness. Pushing my legs further apart, she would occasionally run her hand over my slickened balls and I could feel her fingers searching for my asshole; a little payback for our good morning kiss.

Distracted as she was while she played with my dick, I returned to the task of removing her shorts. Relenting, Britt straightened her legs enough to let me pull her shorts and panties over her bubble butt and down her soft, silky thighs.

With her knees bent I was looking up at her feet as I pushed her panties and shorts upward. Now I'll admit that I also have a thing about feet. There are pretty-feet, okay-feet and 'please-keep-your-shoes-on-feet'. Britt's are as pretty as they come. Petite and perfect for her size, soft and recently pedicured, (is that a verb?) Finally having those pesky things out of the way, I took the opportunity to massage her feet, running my fingers through her toes. I could feel her response on my cock, sucking a little harder.

Playfully, I thought I would see how ticklish she was and lightly scraped a couple fingers along the sole of each foot. I quickly realized my error as I felt her teeth clamp down on the base of my dick and one of her middle fingers slip knuckle-deep into my ass. This last move made my dick jump and Britt had to quickly back off to keep my dick from bouncing off her tonsils.

Twisting her body slightly, Britt gave me this vengeful look as she took my cock in one hand and worked it up and down; twisting slightly as she also worked her finger in and out of my ass. I tried to get the upper hand again by sliding my hands down the inside of her thighs toward her pussy, but she was task oriented. Without missing a stroke, she slid off, now perpendicular to me.

I marveled at her profile as she was on her knees, her tits hanging down and her mouth and both hands hard at work, intent on bringing me off. Her long blonde hair brushed my belly and partially blocked my view.

After another minute or so of this triple-teaming assault, Britt felt my balls tighten and my cock thicken. Pulling her mouth off my tip with an audible 'pop', Britt whipped her head to one side to get her hair out of the way.

"Are you ready baby?" both hands still in motion. "Are you gonna give me my first breakfast course, baby?" as she sucked on the tip of my cock again, never losing eye contact.

I shivered in response, unable to verbalize an answer. Back to the task at hand, Britt swallowed my cock again and began working her middle finger deeper and deeper into my backside. Completely out of control, my body stiffened as though electrocuted. Britt stroked my prostate and took my cock into her throat and tried to swallow me whole.

My cock gave her something to swallow as I literally exploded, jetting stream after stream of cum down Britt's throat. Unrelenting and with the breath control of a seasoned diver, she continued to swallow until there was nothing left to get. Slowly she wrung my cock dry with her lips and gently slid her finger out of my ass.

I was still seeing stars and breathing heavy as she rested her head on my belly and gazed at me. Still unable to completely focus, I lifted my head just enough to make eye contact and mustered enough strength to throw her a little air kiss and then I think I said, "Love you," before I dropped my head back down and drifted off.

For the second time that day, I woke up with a hard-on. This time there was no doubt that it wasn't a dream. Britt was gently licking my dick and then blowing warm air over my balls. "Nice and clean," she said, giving the tip a little kiss and then blowing on it gently. "Blow dryer," she giggled.

I reached down to her and pulled her up until our lips met and we kissed. Not the throat jamming, French version, but nice long leisurely kissing. After a bit, Britt pulled back and ran her hand across my forehead, brushing my hair back and said, "So you love me, huh?"

Quickly, I said "Well after a gift like that, that's all I could think to say. I mean, I didn't even really think, it was just what came out." Pausing and waiting for a reaction I stammered on, "I'm sorry if that was a little abrupt, but I think that ranked a little higher than just a Thank You."

Pausing for effect, and trust me, it worked, Britt replied with a smile, "Well I LOVED doing it for you and I LOVE that you LOVED it.

Locked in an embrace, we showered each other with kisses as our hands roamed over each other. My hands gravitated south until I had a firm grasp on her butt cheeks which I lovingly kneaded and massaged. I ran numerous fingers up and down the crack, always stopping at the top and lingering in that special place. Her dimples are so pronounced that I had no problem locating them and nesting there for a bit. Throughout, Britt purred like a kitten.... I got stiff.

Revitalized and ready to reciprocate, I rolled Britt onto her back and knelt beside her. Starting at the top of her head, I laid kisses followed by gentle caresses. I didn't want to miss one square inch and I was in no hurry. Britt sensed what I was up to and remained perfectly still and submissive. I spent a great deal of time on her face, leaving no area untouched. Her ears and the sides of her neck were worshiped. An occasional sigh escaped her lips. Those talented lips received a hundred pecks and I gently outlined them with my index finger. The tip of her tongue involuntarily peeked through her lips and I kissed it, gently drawing it between my lips.

I kept this up from top to bottom, not ignoring one square inch. I hit every bit of her arms, her fingers; I slowly circled her breasts and watched her nipples harden in anticipation. Her breathing had quickened noticeably and her body tensed as I neared the summit. With the slightest pause, my lips hovered above her nipple and then I ever so gently placed my lips around it, puckered lightly and then swiped my tongue slowly over the top. I smiled, which tightened my grip as a small orgasm rolled through her and she gasped, "Ohhh!"
