 The spin of the ceiling fan was the only thing moving in the room. My heart pounded in my chest like a jackhammer. I wondered if I'd ever catch my breath again. Then I thought, 'If this is how I go out. At least I'll die with a smile on my face.' With that thought in my head, I couldn't stop smiling no matter how hard I tried. Tammy lay next to me, face down on the bed. One arm rested on my chest. I ran my fingers along its length, then followed the line of her curves all the way down to the crack her ass. Tresses of long, blonde hair fanned out around her head as I admired her beside me.

"You're going to keep me awake if you don't stop doing that," Tammy said quietly. 

I chuckled, "That sounds pretty good to me."

A flip of her head revealed a wicked smile. "Better be careful. I might want some more of that cock of yours," she threatened.

"You're liable to kill me, girl."

Tammy cuddled up to me and whispered, "Maybe. But you'd die a rich, old man with a hot sexy young blonde fucking you. Most guys would give anything to go out like that."

"Hey! You don't have to hit below the belt with the old crap."

Her apology came with a rain of kisses. "I'm sorry...you're a mature piece of prime beefcake and I'm crazy about you," she said quietly.

"That's better, I guess. Besides, I'm not most guys and I'm not rich."

"Well, you're richer than most people. You'd have to be to own a place like this on the beach." 

I stopped her hand and held her as I asked, "You thought place was mine? Is that the reason you came after me?"

"Yeah. No," she stammered. Tammy pulled me back as I started to get up. "I thought the house was yours but that's not why I wanted to sleep with you."

"Tammy, you told me all about the club. I know what you're after. It's okay. You're doing it for your parents. You don't have to explain yourself to me."

"Nick. Wait, Nick," she pleaded. "That's not why I fucked you. I don't fuck anybody for money. The club doesn't mean shit compared to being with someone I like." She worked up a head of steam and was ready to tell me off. If she hadn't been naked and freshly fucked, she'd have been more intimidating. "I fuck who I want, when I want and how I want. Nothing else gets me into bed -- not a big wallet or a big dick. You've got some nerve...I'm not a fucking whore or competitive fuck bunny," she said forcefully.

I tried to calm her down. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry," I told her. "I overreacted. It's just you were talking about me being rich" As she calmed down I added, "I told you I remodeled this place. Oh, crap. That's why you thought it was mine. I didn't realize...I just...Tammy, the couple that owns this place are friends of mine. They hired me to remodel it for them. I toured with her brother for a while and they like my work so they asked me to fix up the house. I don't own it. I just re-designed it."

"Shit, really? You came up with all this? It's beautiful. I've been watching while the crews worked. I love what you did, the way you balanced Palladian architecture and infused a Zen aesthetic and touches of Frank Lloyd Wright. It's fucking incredible."

"What?"

"You took the hub of rooms around the great room and foyer, which is a classic Palladian layout, and gave it a Zen aesthetic. You removed the Federalist influences of the façade and gave it curb appeal that is reminiscent of Wright's early work by letting it blend in organically with the surroundings," she said.

"Yeah, I did. How do you know all that?"

Tammy proudly said, "I have a degree in sustainable architecture."

It's not often a sexy naked blonde discussed my work with such admiration and passion. She went on and on about the organic influences and the way I had adapted the classics to fit the house and the sight. The way the sun and view were integrated into the living space was her favorite part of the design. We talked about the environmentally friendly products and the passive solar heat and convection cooling systems. 

"I can't believe it," she said as she plopped down on the bed. 

"You can't believe what?"

"I can't believe you did this. It's so cool. I didn't know you were an architect too," she said. 

"I'm not. I'm a musician. I just like to fix places up. My dad was in charge of a lot of construction projects when I was a kid. I grew up reading blueprints and going over project schedules on our dining table."

"You designed this house. You may not have a degree but you're an architect," she told me. She propped herself up on one elbow. I tried to look her in the eye but the way her breasts looked was too tempting. "You're a trip," she said. 

"Huh?"

She smiled as she said, "You're such a weird mix of artist, gentleman and pervert that I want to hang out with you."

After a long soft kiss, I said, "That's good because I want to hang out with you too. Wanna start with a shower?"

Tammy smiled and said, "That sounds like a good place to start." She got up from the bed and stopped a few feet away. "Where is it?"

Even with her keen eye she couldn't see it. I was proud. I worked hard to incorporate all the practical necessities of the house and maintain the minimalist feel. "Should I take you to the guest room where I'm staying or do you want to see the master bath?"

"The master, please." She rocked back and forth like a kid asking for more candy. 

I walked over and pushed on the corner of a wall panel. As it swung open, I said, "This is the master bath." I knew it would make an impression. It was state of the art and one of the most beautiful things I'd ever designed. Of course, it was also one of the most expensive. I turned to see Tammy in the soft light streaming in from outside and thought, 'No matter what it cost to build this, she's the most beautiful thing in the room.' 

Tammy stood just inside the doorway and whispered, "Damn! You're good."

The control panel for the shower was quick and easy to set. "Come on," I urged her. "Let's get cleaned up and go have some fun."

"You mean the fun hasn't started yet? If there's gonna be more fun, I'm liable to end up walking bow-legged."

I pulled her to me for another kiss and said, "We're gonna have so much fun, little girl."

She stared at me with as serious look on her face for a second, then smiled and kissed me before she pushed me under the showerhead. "We got to clean up your act, you dirty ol' man," she teased.

It didn't seem possible. Her skin was even smoother and softer to the touch as the warm water streamed down over her. I didn't ever want to stop. Suds poured over our fingers as we washed each other from head to toe. Handling her slippery body was more invigorating than Viagra. I was hard the entire time we were in the shower and it was wonderfully frustrating to fight the urge to bend her over and take her then and there. 

She teased and stroked my cock while pretending to wash me, she looked up and asked, "You're thinking about fucking me in here aren't you?"

"Actually I'm thinking about not fucking you in here and wondering how long I can hold out before I do."

"What's wrong? Don't you want some of this?" she asked as she turned and bent over. She peered at me over her shoulder as she opened the flushed lips of her cunt. "Wanna get you some young nooky in the shower, Nick?"

I pushed her against the wall. Either the cold tiles or the impact of our bodies forced the air from her lungs in a rush. "You want me to fuck you or do you want to play a while and see what you get then?"

She shuddered as I slid my hard rod up and down between her cheeks and teased her tight little asshole. Gasping with the sensation she asked, "What do I get if I wait?"

"You get teased and played with until I decide to fuck you. Then, when you really, really want it bad, I'm going to fuck you until you scream."

"Damn," she hissed. "You're wicked. I like it."

I back away slowly and watched as she lay her face on the cool tile to compose herself. Her cheeks were pink and her chest was heaving. It was tempting to give in and fuck her right then but I had plans for her. Resisting my impulses, I stepped out of the warm spray. The towels were warm and soft on my skin as I watched her. I held one out for her and lovingly dried her from her to toe. 

While she stood above me, I sank my face between her legs and inhaled the scent of her damp, freshly washed young pussy. She held her breath as I licked her outer lips just once to taste her flesh. The sharp intake of her breath echoed off the tile. Summoning all my self-control, I stood and walked back to the bedroom. The sound of Tammy's feet on the floor behind me let me know she was close at hand as I made my way through the house to the guest room where I was staying. Her breath caught as she saw the view. "It's so..." she said. Being at a loss for words was understandable. 

"The view from every bedroom is great," I said. "That took a little work but it paid off."

"It sure as hell did," she sighed. "Is this your room?"

"This is one of the six guest rooms. They're three on each floor. I staggered them so guests wouldn't disturb each other." I grabbed a shirt and pants and started to dress. "The main living area has an elevator tucked behind the front gallery wall if you'd like to see the others."

"Maybe. Right now I want to soak this in for a minute."

She stood almost plastered to the glass of the window. It was a tough call whether she or the view outside was more alluring. It was tempting to take her then and there but I wanted to wait. I stepped up behind her and ran my hand over her shoulders and down her back. The cheek of her ass was soft and firm in my grip. I felt the damp heat between her thighs and I reached down to cup her sex with my palm. "Is that from me or the view?" I asked. 

"Both," she said as she pushed back on my hand. 

"Good answer," I told her. The soft curves of her body melded to mine as I took her in my arms and kissed my way down her neck. Goosebumps popped up along her arm and she leaned back into my embrace. When I saw her nipples harden, I backed away and said, "Let me show you the rest of the place and then we can get something to eat."

We toured the whole house. Tammy wanted us to look at everything. Actually, I gave her a tour of the house and she looked at everything while I followed along leering at her gorgeous body. When we stepped out on the terrace upstairs, I grabbed a robe for her. The thin material clung to her in the breeze. It reminded me of the day as she passed me on the street walking her dog.

"Do you live near here?" I asked.

"Not too far. Why?"

"I was thinking about the day you passed me out front."

"Yeah...Wanda saw you were outside and I kind of jogged over with her dog so I could bump into you," she reluctantly admitted. 

"So you weren't just passing by."

"No."

"And it wasn't your dog? You must have wanted some of this bad," I said as I puffed out my chest.

Tammy gave me a playful smack and reached down to grab my dick. "I wanted some of this." When my cock twitched in her hand, she stepped back and opened her robe to flash me. "Besides, I knew you wanted some of this."

I held her against the rail and kissed her. Like every kiss, it left me wanting more. I took her hand and we ducked into the study. Inside, we passed framed prints of one magazine cover after another. Tammy's head swiveled back and forth as she checked them out. "Is this guy a fan or a stalker?" she asked.

"Just a loving husband," I told her. 

"If he loves his wife, he should have pictures of her all over the place instead of this bimbo." She stopped in front of a swimsuit cover and said, "My ex had that one hanging over his bed in the dorm. It pissed me off so bad. I knew he laid there and jacked off to it all the time. One time I caught him staring at her while we were doing it. I dumped his sorry ass that night. I figured if he thought she was such hot shit he could finish with her." 

I couldn't help but laugh a little. "She'd love that story. You should tell her when they get here this weekend."

With her head stuck in the past and reminded of her anger, it took a minute for what I said to sink in. "I should...what did you say?"

"You should tell her that story when they get here this weekend. They'll be here Sunday." Tammy still looked confused. I stood in behind her and pointed at the photo. She and her husband own the house," I told her slowly. "His soccer season is over and she's been dying to spend some time here. They asked me to come make sure it was ready for them. Her brother's tour ended last week and I had time off, so I came. That's why I'm here now." My mind started to work over time. "Now that I think about it, there are a lot of my friends who happen to have this weekend off. They're up to something. They might be planning a surprise party for my birthday. I'll figure it out eventually."

"Wait...you mean...she's going to be here with...?" Tammy turned and saw their wedding photo on the desk. "You designed this place for them?"

"Yeah. We met at a charity event a few years ago. I've written some songs with her brother and toured with him. They came to my house and liked it. She wanted to use my designer for this place and that was me, so...I did remodel for them."

For a second, Tammy looked dazed. "Holy crap. I had no idea. I was pissed at her for a long time," she muttered.

"I don't think you were pissed at her. She didn't do anything to you. I think you were pissed at your boyfriend for fantasizing about her when he should have been focused on you."

With a furrowed brow, she said, "Yeah. That's true. It wasn't her fault. It was his." She stared at the cover again and added, "But girls like her made me feel so...insecure when I was a kid. My boobs were the only was I ever got any attention. I always wanted to be beautiful like that...glamourous and sexy." 

"You've got to be kidding me. You're so gorgeous, I can't believe there weren't guys following you around like puppies." 

Blushing, she slapped at me and said, "Oh, shut up." 

"Hey, I meant that. You are gorgeous. I wouldn't say it if I didn't mean it. I've worked with some really successful models over the years and you have what they all want."

She snuggled up to me and asked, "Yeah? What's that, big boobs?" 

I reached around and smacked her butt as I hugged her. "No. Well, some of them probably would but that's not what I mean."

"Then what do you mean?"

It took me a minute to find the right word. Then it hit me. "They want grace. You have a grace about you that draws people to you. You're accepting and at peace with yourself and you enjoy what you do. Even when you're bagging groceries you're interacting with the people around you, helping them and enjoying the chance to talk to them."

"I don't know about that. That job was a grind."

"But you made it fun. I had a great time talking to you and was disappointed when I didn't see you there."

She gave me a little kiss and said, "Ah, that's so sweet. You sure you didn't just miss trying to get a peek at my ass?"

"Well, there was that too," I said with a laugh.

"Wanda was right. You are an old perv," she teased.

"Is that what Wanda said?"

"Yeah. She caught you staring at my ass the first time we talked."

"Can you blame me? You've got a pretty fantastic ass."

She said, "It's time for you to take me home."

"You don't want to go out?"

"I do but I can't go like this. All I brought was a swimsuit." The tiny bottoms of her suit swung in her hand. 

"That's only half a suit. Where's the top?" I asked her.

"I left them..."

"Oh, yeah. They're in the living room."

We searched all over the room and couldn't find her top. When I saw sandy paw prints, I knew what had happened. With a laugh I told her, "Jeffery has your top."

"Who is Jeffery?"

"He's the neighbor's dog. He's getting old. Sometimes he wanders into the wrong house. I just turn him around and send him on his way." I couldn't stop laughing at the image of him coming home with a bikini top in his mouth. "He must have picked up your top and taken it home with him."

"What the hell am I going to do?" Tammy asked.

"I'll buy you a new one."

Tammy was starting to get pissed. "Great. I'll go right down to the store with my tits hanging out and see if they've got another one in my size."

I tried my best not to laugh but it was a lost cause. She looked so cute when she got angry. She stood there with hands on her hips, fire in her eyes and tits that rose and fell with every word looking pretty as a picture. I led her back to the guest room and found a t-shirt from the last tour. When she put it on, I had to fight the urge to laugh again. Even with her curves, it was huge on her. 

That just made her more pissed than before. "What the fuck? How am I going to wear this?" she asked.

Pushing her into the bathroom, I had her stand in front of the mirror. With a pair of scissors, I started working on the shirt. "Hold still, I don't want you to get hurt."

Tugging the shirt against her, I pulled her hair aside and cut the neckband free. I split it in the middle and tied it at the back of her neck. Then I ran the scissors around her, taking the bottom half of the shirt off. A trapezoid of material was left when I was done and it was just large enough to cover and support her chest. I left little strings hanging from the corners to tie across the back and instant halter. All I had to do was tuck in the rough edges and it looked fine. Her hair hung down in back and covered the strings. 

In a moment of inspiration, I took the remaining tube of material and had her hold it at her waist. I cut the side seams out and made little holes along each side of the slit. Then I took the seamed pieces and laced them through the holes to pull the sides of her makeshift skirt snug. It looked funky and very much like a beachwear cover up. "How's that?" I asked.

"Holy shit! You are an artist," she cried. "How the fuck did you do think of that?"

"I don't know. It just made sense to cut it down to fit you." I stepped back and made an adjustment or two. "It looks pretty good. That should get you home without too much fuss. Let's go." Just before she started for the door, I said, "Wait. There's one more thing." I reached under her top and cupped her breasts in my hands. Instantly, her nipples hardened and tried to poke holes in my palms. I rolled them back and forth between my thumb and finger until she was panting. "Okay, now you're ready."

I made it to the deck before she caught up with me. "What the hell? Are you going to do that all night?"

"Well, maybe not that but something like it."

"If you keep that up, I'll be humping your leg before we finish dinner," she whispered.

"Good. That's what I was going for," I said with a smile.

"Is this because of the club?" she asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Are you pissed? Are you paying me back because you thought I fucked you to score points?" she asked sheepishly.

I was shocked. "No. No way. I'm just having a little fun and teasing you."

"Why?"

"I thought it was fun. Hell, you teased me when you were trying to get me into bed, right?"

She shrugged and said, "Yeah, I guess I did."

"Then why can't I tease you too? You have it better off than I did."

"How do you figure that?"

I leaned in and let my warm breath tickle her ear as I said, "I didn't know what you intended when you were teasing me. I had no idea what you were up to. You, on the other hand, know you're going to get laid. It's only a question of when." A small quiver passed through her as I took her hand and said, "Let's go get you changed and go out to eat."

She didn't move. "I have to know one thing," she said timidly. "Do you forgive me?"

"Forgive you?"

"For seducing you as part of the Fuck Club contest."
