 Tangled in cotton sheets, long blonde hair and a statuesque blonde's limbs, I slowly extricated myself, needing to pee really badly. Britt mumbled softly, still soundly sleeping. Good sex will do that to you; relax you like nothing else can.

I tiptoed back into the bedroom to find her on her back, the covers bunched up and on the floor. I could only stand in awe, counting my blessings that so beautiful a creature had found her way into my life. My dick now stood in awe too, but that was to be expected.

I eased onto the bed, careful not to wake her. Starting at her toes, I perused my lover. There was not a square inch I could find fault with as I traversed upward. Even her knees, like fine sculpted marble, were perfect. Her thighs are toned and muscular enough to hold her lover prisoner, but soft and velvety too.

Cradled at the top of those thighs is a bit of heaven on earth. Smoother than a Georgia peach, but without the fuzz; and not near as innocent looking as it appears; is her sweet, sweet pussy. An alluring crease in the landscape, it beckons one to explore, to delve into its depths. Once inside, you never want to leave.

Further north are hips made to hold onto and a belly button that loves to be tickled. Her stomach is flat without being visibly muscled and those breasts, my god, those breasts. Their statistics are still not officially recorded but I believe they are in the 'C' range, a very good place to be. Her nipples stand erect and proud, even when not aroused. And when they are, they are the key to opening the rest of the playground.

Moving on, I admire her long talented fingers and strong, feminine arms, capable of spine tingling embraces. I brushed aside her hair to expose her neck, which I love to nibble and kiss, eliciting a purring sound.

Her lips were pursed, as though longing for a kiss. I looked up to find her staring at me through misty blue eyes. Embarrassed at being caught I did the only thing I could; I kissed her. First softly, then her tongue sought out mine and we kissed until we were breathless.

"Do you want me to turn over now? "She asked with a sly grin. She had been watching me the entire time.

"Please, "I answered.

Britt rolled onto her stomach and I began the second tour, only this time touching was allowed. I kissed and petted my way from the soles of her feet, up her calves and paused at the back of her knees. My tongue danced there until I got a giggled go-ahead to continue. Up her thighs and then to the top of the hill, showering both cheeks with kisses. My tongue did a quick reconnaissance of the valley below and then proceeded to tickle the dimples in the small of her back.

I ran my tongue up her spine as I ran my fingertips up her sides. She shivered and purred out loud. Brushing her hair aside once more; I leaned in to nibble at her neck and ear. The tour now complete, I snuggled up beside her and pulled up the sheets.

*************

Britt called me later that morning as I was headed to a jobsite. "Hey lover, "she said. "I wanted to tell you again how much I loved this morning. That was one of the sexiest things anyone has ever done to me. I felt so vulnerable, but so loved at the same time. You are incredible - you do know that don't you?"

She couldn't see me blush but she could hear it in my voice as I managed a response.

"Anyway, "she continued, "the girls and I have tickets for this concert tonight and I forgot all about them till Gina reminded me a couple minutes ago. It'll be after midnight when it's over, so maybe I'll just go back home with the girls?"

She told me like she was asking permission to spend the night in her own bed. It tugged at my heart a bit and I answered in a disappointed manner, "Well, I guess that's okay."

Britt purred as she responded, "Silly boy, you know I'll make it up to you. I might even let you have my ass again if you ask real nice."

"Oh shit, "I barked into the Bluetooth as I swerved to get back on my side of the road. "You have to quit talking like that when I'm driving."

"I'm sorry baby, maybe I shouldn't tell you how I'm sitting here fingering my pussy while I think about this morning."

"Ah Fuck.......Okay babe, I gotta go," as I pulled up to the job with my dick bent double in my jeans.

She could hear my strained voice as she moaned as we hung up, "Love you babe."

************

I was leaving the job when John, my buddy with the clothing store called, "Hey George, the newspaper just delivered the proofs for the ad. They look good to me, but I'd like you to take a look. Do you think you could swing by and take a peek?"

"Yeah, no problem, I was headed that way anyway. I'll be there in about thirty."

"Thanks; see ya in a bit."

I found a place to park down the block and walked back to John's shop. I was greeted by Gina and Kate who were both working for John now. They were both dressed in little white shorts and had bikini tops on. They also wore high heels which helped them stand out from the customers. The both raced up to me as I came in the door and gave me a kiss and a hug. Little Kate, looked around after her kiss and copped a quick feel, and then quickly retreated behind the counter.

John caught it all from the backroom doorway. "I hope they don't greet all the customers that way, "he laughed. I thought Kate would melt into the floor. "Come on back George, I've got the proofs in my office." I followed John, swatting Kate lightly on the butt as I passed by.

John handed me the proofs and I'll have to admit that the photos worked well in the ad. "This looks good, John, and I don't think it's too risqué. It ought to bring in the customers." I handed them back to John and added, "And I don't think your sales staff will hurt business either."

John was about to comment when Kate walked in. "Excuse me John; I need to get some more bags for out front." Rather than do the chivalrous thing and get them off the shelf for her, we both stood back and watched the raven-haired pixie stretch to reach for the bags. Her long hair was in a pony tail, so we were offered an unobstructed view of her ass cheeks as they peeked out of the bottom of her shorts. Her legs were stretched tight as she strained the extra inch she needed.

"Thanks guys, "she said as she pranced out of the office.

"No, thank you, "John replied, adjusting himself as she went out the door. "You know, "he said, "I have to spend a lot more time back here now that I've hired those two. I don't think my heart can take a constant boner."

I laughed and patted the old boy on the back, "Yeah, life's tough, but I think you'll get used to it."

"Don't bet on it, "he replied. "Anyway, back to the ad, the outfit that put the layout together asked who the photographer was and if he had a website. All I had was your number, so I gave him that. I hope that was alright."

"Thanks John. I don't have a website, but I've been thinking of putting one together if I want to turn this hobby into a business."

"Yeah," John said. "I should probably look at one too. If not just for advertising, but I may want to take a stab at selling online too. I have a line on a couple other manufacturers that are looking to expand. I think I can put together something with them so that I don't have to carry a lot of inventory."

"Well, I'll look into it, "I told him. "I'll let you know what I find out. I'll probably have to hire someone to put mine together though because I just don't have the time if I want to get it going anytime soon."

"Well, you let me know what you do. I'm too damn old to learn how to do it and to be honest, I'd just as soon use my spare time to watch over my business, "he said as he looked out into the store. Kate and Gina were busy with customers and looked sexy as hell in their 'uniforms'. "Alright John, "I laughed as I headed toward the front door. "I'll talk to you later."

Gina intercepted me as I was about to step outside. "George, I'm sorry, but I couldn't help but overhear you and John talking about building websites. I don't know if she's told you, but Britt has done a couple. She even did one back in high school for cheer and a couple other clubs."

"Thanks sweetie, "I said. "So Britt was a cheerleader?"

"Me too, "she giggled, "I was team captain senior year."

"Good to know, "I said, giving her a knowing look; not really implying anything, just putting it out there.

Gina smiled as she kissed me on the cheek and whispered, "Go Team." She gave me a wink as I stepped out into the sunshine.

************

The rest of the afternoon flew by. Friday afternoons are usually pretty uneventful as everyone is winding down for the week, looking forward to the weekend. I know I was and I didn't have any plans, but with Britt now in my life, I don't think boredom will ever be an issue.

Turns out, I was sort of wrong on the boredom issue. I stopped on my way home and did some grocery shopping and picked up a few other odds and ends. I pulled up to my building and rolled open the big door and drove in, closing it behind me. I suddenly felt so all alone, knowing that I wouldn't see my blonde bombshell until tomorrow sometime.

'Get over it, 'I told myself as I was putting things away. Taking advantage of the free time, I stripped the bed and started some laundry and did a little housecleaning. I had the stereo cranked up and before I knew it, it was 7 o'clock and I was getting hungry. Laundry done and the bed made, I threw some leftovers into the microwave and then headed upstairs to work on the website idea.

Sitting there jumping from site to site, nibbling at my dinner, my cell went off; I had a text message.

I was glad to see if was from Britt, but a little disappointed that she didn't just call. I love the sound of her voice. 'Hi lover, 'it read, 'we are on our way to the concert. We're dressed to kill, but I promise we'll behave. I miss you so much and I wish I was there. Here is a photo to get you thru the night XOXOXO'.

Attached was a photo I hadn't seen before and it took me minute to figure out what I was looking at. Then it dawned on me; when Britt and I had anal sex for the first time, she insisted on taking pictures with her Blackberry. I had kinda forgotten about it; not the sex, but the pictures. Here was a shot of my cock, buried in her tight ass with her pussy above, begging for attention. I was now hard as a rock, really wishing she were here to take care of it.

My cell chimed with another message. 'Hope you like the pic. We all got off earlier looking at them. Love you, B.'.

'We got off on them?' Holy shit, Britt showed the girls the shots of me fucking her ass? Now I really had a hard on.

That did it. I reached over to the keyboard and found the file of photos I had of the girl's orgy that took place just a few steps away on my studio/set bed. Shorts around my ankles and the 24" monitor displaying a Sapphic slideshow; I soon shot a milky load onto the floor - 'Clean-up on aisle 3'.

**************

I woke the next morning alone in bed – fuck, I hate this. I was really spoiled and couldn't wait to see my girl. After cleaning up my mess last night, I spent some time running some numbers and playing with the idea of having Britt do my website and maybe John's and pay her to do them. As far as I knew, she didn't have any job prospects yet, so this could be a win-win for both of us.

I was anxious to see her, but didn't want to come across as a pest, so I texted her, asking if she knew when she would be coming over. I didn't get an immediate response so I figured they were all still sacked out after the concert. My mind painted a picture of all three, naked, snuggled up in bed.

My phone rang and thankfully I checked the I.D. before I made a fool of myself, thinking it was Britt calling. "This is George, "I answered.

"Hi, this is Mike over at Design Graphics and I got your name and number as the photographer for a newspaper ad that we just put together."

"Yeah, Hi Mike. My buddy John who I shot the photos for said that he gave my number to someone. What can I do for you?"

"Well, I was really impressed by your work and I'm always looking for new people to work with, so I thought I would give you a call and see if you could help me with a project we just contracted for."

"Okay, "I answered, trying to sound like I did this all the time; "What have you got in mind?"

"I have a client who has a custom body shop here in town and he wants to do a 13-month wall calendar for next year. He does a lot of muscle cars and classics and he wants to do a calendar featuring some of his past work and have a model pose with each car; you know, one of those calendars that hang in all the shops and guy's garages. My first concern is finding a studio space big enough to shoot a car in."

"Well, you've come to the right place. I have a big warehouse that I bought specifically for this kind of thing. I can take one car at a time or all of them at once."

"Wow, "he exclaimed, "You've got that big a space?"

"Yeah, I'm kind of an over-achiever that way," I replied.

"Well that would be great. I've obviously seen the three girls you used in the ad; would they be available for this shoot?"

"I think that can be arranged."

"Perfect, "he said, "tell you what, why don't you send me your rate sheet and we'll see what we can put together."

"Great, "I said as I copied down his info, all the while thinking, 'Rate sheet, I don't have any stinking rate sheet'. "Okay, I'm a little busy today, "I lied, "But I'll get this to you as soon as I can. Thanks for calling."

***********

I was wandering around the net, trying to figure out how to put together this rate sheet I had just promised. I was getting nowhere fast when I heard my big rolling door start to open. Britt was about the only person who had the combination other than me, and I was a bit surprised that she didn't call first, but there she was, leaning into the big door. She jumped back in her car and pulled in, jumped back out and closed the door. Back in the car, she rolled up to my front door and got out and walked around to the back end to get something out. She was wearing her signature short-shorts and her sweet ass cheeks peeked out when she bent over to reach in. I let out a wolf whistle from the upper level and she let out a little yelp.

"Shit, you scared me, "she glared up at me.

I was laughing and she wasn't particularly happy about it. "I brought you lunch, but now I think I'll just take it back home, " as she feigned loading it back in the car.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa, "I said as I ran down the stairs.

"Keep the food, "I said as I grabbed her and lifted her off her feet in a big bear hug and spun her around. "Keep the food, but please don't leave, "I said and I put my lips to hers.

"Okay, Okay, "She answered, kissed breathless. "It was just the one night; settle down."

I realized that I did seem a bit panicked, which was really unlike me, but this thing with the price list had really gotten to me. I helped Britt unload lunch and we went inside and I filled her in on the earlier phone call.

"That is so cool," she said. "This is what you wanted; right - to be a photographer full time and all that?"

"Yeah, but I may have bitten off more than I can chew on this one. I have no idea what to charge for something like this."

"Let me get on-line and look around and I'll bet I find something. If nothing else, I'll call around as a prospective client and see if other studios in town can give me some prices."

"You're a god-send, "I said, kissing her lightly.

"I know," she answered, "but first things first." She took me by the hand, and led me to the bedroom.

We stood in the middle of the room and began undressing each other, kissing the parts revealed.

"I can't believe you showed the girls those pictures of us." I said as I kissed her neck and shoulders. "

"Mmmm, "she moaned, "you should know by now that we share everything." It was my turn to moan as she lifted off my shirt and kissed my nipples.

"Well, there's a clean spot on the floor in front of the desk because of you, "I said as I drew a nipple into my mouth. She let me suckle for a minute and then pulled me loose and gave me a quizzical look. Then came a flash of understanding and a smile.

Britt dropped to her knees and pulled my shorts down as she went. Cock in hand, she looked it in the eye and asked, "Did you like the picture I sent you? "She gave it a little kiss on the head and I wanted to laugh, but laughing while having your dick sucked just doesn't work.

Giving her a few minutes to play, I pulled her to her feet and backed her over to the bed and pushed her back when her legs bumped into the mattress. She watched as I removed her sandals and kissed her sweet toes. Spreading her legs, I stepped between them and unsnapped her shorts and pulled down the zipper. Little pink panties peaked out at me. Legs back together and pointing to the sky, I pulled off her shorts, leaving her in only pink satin.

Her nipples were erect as she pulled on them, never breaking eye contact with me. She watched as I spread her legs once more and descended to the bottom of the 'V'. I licked my lips and she groaned as I took her, panties and all, into my mouth. I could taste her juices, strained by the pink material as she squirmed. One of her hands had abandoned its post as she tried to slip her panties sideways, "Lick my pussy baby."

I obliged, helping slip the satin barrier out of the way. Licking the length of her lips, my tongue danced with her clit. Her squirming became a bouncing as she tried to fuck my face. My tongue reached in to scoop her ambrosial nectar out and I plastered her lips with my tongue, careful to not miss one square inch. Pushing her legs back, I let my tongue dance around her sweet pucker, coincidentally color coordinated with her panties.

Her hips gyrated as I returned to suck on her stiff clit. Her eyes were closed and she was mumbling some unwritten language. Sensing the time was right, I nibbled at her clit and slid one finger into her sopping snatch and found the spot. Pressing upward, I set off an explosion within her. She stiffened and lifted her butt off the bed, driving her sex tighter onto my face, trying to smother me. The mumbling became a recognizable "FFFUUUUCCCKKKK!"

I suckled on her spent pussy as she gathered her senses. Reaching down, she ran her fingers through my hair. "God - and I thought Gina knew how to eat pussy, "she said under her breath. If my dick had been asleep, that would have been a good wake-up call. 

Britt pulled at my hair, drawing me up her body. I kissed my way up, stopping momentarily to visit each nipple, paying my respects. She brought my lips to hers and tasted herself, cleaning up the residuals. Reaching down, she held my stiff member, rubbing it against her wanting lips. 

"Fuck me," she said. "Make love to me." She led me to her entrance and I let myself in, slowly making my way. She was tight, warm and inviting as her pussy pulled me inward. We developed a slow rhythm, neither of us in a hurry to reach the end.

"Uhmm, "she moaned, "You feel so good inside me, so big and warm, so hard, but still soft; much better than the other George."

She was looking at me as I stopped at mid stroke, knowing I had a question; "the other George?"

She smiled as she grabbed my hips and pulled me back to the bottom, groaning. "I guess I forgot to tell you, "As she pushed me up, and then back in deep. "We have a strap-on at home and the girls changed his name to George." Another push and pull, but I helped a little this time. "After our little three-way here the other night, when I got home the next day, I heard Kate screaming 'Fuck me George!' from the bedroom.

I think my cock doubled in girth when I heard this and Britt moaned in approval and continued, fucking and talking. "I took a peek around the door and there was Kate, on her hands and knees with Gina behind her, fucking her with 'George'. It was so fucking hot, listening to Kate scream for 'George' to fuck her tight cunt."
