 Chapter 23 – 

** 5:00 p.m. – on our way for our fitting? **

I was at the wheel with my girl Britt by my side. Kate and Gina were in the backseat of my crew cab pick-up, jabbering away while Britt listened intently, running her hand up and down the hard-on in my jeans.

"...and it was so fuckin' hot when he came all over our faces," Kate sputtered on at 90 miles-per-hour. "It was just like the movies, but I didn't get to see him cum 'cuz my eyes were closed. I hear that shit burns if you get it in your eyes." She slowed to take a breath, "How can something that tastes so good burn you?"

"Slow down girl," Gina said. "Orange or lemon juice tastes good, but it'll burn you; it's acidic. Maybe if we worked on lover boy's diet, you could take it in the face with your eyes open," she kidded. "It was different," she continued," but I still prefer to receive mine by direct deposit, if you know what I mean?" Gina leaned forward and ran her hands through my hair as Britt squeezed a little harder.

"So you didn't get much done after your facial?"Britt inquired. 

"No, even though we both got off with George, we were still so horny that we just said 'fuck it' and enjoyed each other for the next few hours," Gina replied.

"Yeah, it was fun," Kate giggled as she let her hand wander up Gina's long, bare thigh. She had on a pair of short shorts, but any pair of shorts are just that on those long legs. "We played a game where one of us was the customer and the other was the sales girl and the sales girl had to help the customer try on different suits. It gets really hot in those little dressing rooms and it's hard to '69', the rooms are so tiny!"

Britt felt my cock pulse at the thought of the pair curled up in that little closet, slipping their tongues into each other's slick snatches. "What was this thing you mentioned about trying to find a dildo in the store?" she asked.

"Oh that was funny," Gina chimed in. "I had this one," her hand now on Kate's thigh, with one finger slipped up under the leg opening of her shorts, "eating out one of the mannequins in the front window, you know, her face buried in this imitation pussy, and I was behind her fingering her like crazy. She was squirming all over the place and I was laughing so hard watching her lapping away at this plastic cunt." I glanced over my shoulder and Kate was actually beginning to blush a little.

"So what about the dildo?" Britt wasn't about to let this story end here and she grabbed my right hand and pulled it between her legs; the heat was intense. 

"Well, when I had two fingers in, she moaned something like, 'I wish George hadn't left' or something like that. I mean, at first, I was kinda offended, you know, like I didn't know what I was doing."

"Baby," Kate tried to interject, "I didn't mean it like that, I meant I'd rather be licking your pussy than pretending that 'plastic girl' was the real thing."

"Yeah, whatever," Gina humphed. "So I left her high and dry, her ass in the air and went looking for a substitute for studly here. I found some wall hangers I think they call them. They're these chrome plated rods that stick out from the wall and they have a ball on the end to keep the hangers from slipping off and they also have a kink in them, you know, so they point up at the end."

"Oooo...kind of sounds like a g-spot toy," Britt cooed as her grip got tighter and my hand got hotter.

"Exactly! So Kate was still ass up in the front window, but she'd abandoned her faux girlfriend and had torn a little corner off one of the pieces of paper covering the window and was looking outside."

"Yeah, I got bored, so I thought I'd see what the rest of the world was up to."

"Anyway, I snuck up on her and lubed up my toy with a little spit and then I just slipped it right inside her!" Gina started laughing and Kate got redder still. "You should have seen her jump. She screamed and bumped her head on the window and tore the paper some more. Lucky for her, there was no one right outside or they'd have seen her face mashed against the window. Anyway, once she figured out what was going on, she got into it. Her ass was rolling around and I was working that thing, looking for her g-spot. It took a minute, but when I found it, she completely lost it."

Kate's color had returned to normal as she conceded to the story," Yeah, it felt pretty good, not as good as you George," she quickly added. "I'm spoiled now."

"Yeah, once you've had our George, you'll never go back," Britt giggled as she ground against my hand.

"That's the truth babe," Gina agreed as she ran her hands through my hair once more. "Hey we ought to have t-shirts printed with that on it,' she laughed.

"So how 'bout you baby," Britt asked as she kept up her teasing through my jeans; "how was it for you?"

"What do you mean, how was it? I got blown by two gorgeous women and had pizza. What could be better?" That got me a round of laughter from the backseat and a tighter tug from the front.

"Smart ass," my girl replied. "What I meant was, did you live out any porn fantasies like Katie obviously did, by cumming on their faces?"

"I don't know," squirming uncomfortably, and not from the question. "It was different to watch their faces, but it didn't really look like they enjoyed it. Maybe because they had their eyes closed." My mind flashed to the first time Britt gave me a blow job and we locked eyes as I came in her throat. My cock jumped at the recollection and Britt gave a little squeeze and cast a knowing glance.

"I don't want to do it all the time," Kate defended herself. "I wanted to do it once, like in a porno, and it was fun to lick it off Gina." Kate took the opportunity to lean over and give her bedmate a big kiss.

Timing be everything (thank god), we made it to Becky's store before we had to talk anymore about this afternoon. I love the sex and all and I love the girls, but I don't need to carry on and critique each encounter. If the girls want to talk amongst themselves about it, and I'm sure they do, then that's fine, but I'd just as soon leave it in my head to reload and replay later. I pulled up in front of the store and threw it into park; "Okay ladies, we're here. Let's go try on clothes," I said mockingly. The girls giggled and squealed with enthusiasm as they bounded out of the truck.

They were already inside hugging and kissing and laughing before I made it through the front door. They stayed huddled, whispering and tittering as I stood there for what seems like forever. Becky, the red-headed beauty and store employee, was dressed in a short, sexy, fringed suede skirt with a crocheted sleeveless top that was just short enough to give the occasional flash of tummy. On her feet were the required boots, black. She glanced at me and winked and then whispered in Britt's ear. 

They broke huddle and Becky slowly took the half-dozen steps it took to reach me. I stood dumbly frozen as I took her in; she was a vision I knew I wanted to capture in the studio again some time. "Hi George," she said with a hungry look in her eyes. It was just a whisper, but we were nearly nose to nose. With a quick glance over her shoulder, she turned back to me; "I've missed you," and then tilted her head for a kiss. I figured on a quick, 'Good to see you' kiss, but as always lately, I was wrong. The fiery redhead had her tongue in my mouth and one long leg between mine, a slow grind against a cock that had been constantly teased for most of the evening. As we were potentially in public, my hands stayed resting at the small of her back instead of further south.

"Well, I've missed you too," I was finally allowed to say after the more than just friendly kiss. I looked over her shoulder at Britt who wore a big smile. Behind her, the other two were ignoring us completely, digging through a rack of clothes. Holding my hand, Becky walked us over to Britt, who got another kiss from the redhead. 

"I'm glad you guys could make it, "Becky exclaimed to us all. "We're really excited about the shoot," she continued; "Go ahead and look around and I'll go get Virginia, the owner," and she turned, frills fluttering and headed toward the back of the store. 

Britt grabbed my hand and leaned in for another kiss, "Nice to see Becky again, huh?" She wore a smirky, knowing smile now. Again my mind did an instant replay of Britt, Becky and I in the lingerie dressing room. Once again, Britt read me like a book as I felt her hand between us, massaging the love muscle once more. I had to swat her away as I looked over her shoulder and saw Becky coming back with another woman close behind.

I had just a few seconds to make my appraisal before they joined us. The woman was about 5' 5" with another 6" of hair piled on top of her head. She was blonde, obviously from a bottle, and her tanned face was smiling and confident. She was pretty now and must have been an absolute stunner when she was younger. I'm not brave enough to guess a woman's age, but if I had to, I'd have say she was in her early 40's? She too wore a simple printed skirt that whisked back and forth as she walked. She wore the regulation western boots, only hers were bright blue. On top she wore a long sleeve blouse with pearl snaps that strained to contain breasts that rivaled, if not surpassed Gina's ample set.

"Virginia, this is Britt, Kate and Gina," Becky said, introducing the girls.

"Very nice to meet you," she said as she shook hands all around.

"And of course, this is George. George, Virginia."

I made the one step forward, my hand out; "Virginia, very nice to meet you."

Virginia took my hand and pulled me in closer, tilting her head. I automatically leaned down and gave her a quick kiss on the cheek, a little surprised. Still holding my hand, she said, "Ginny, please. Becky has talked a lot about you...all of you, and I feel like we've already met."

I looked at Becky, whose cheeks glowed red. Gina and Kate giggled while Britt, standing beside me, covertly gave my butt a squeeze.

"So," Ginny continued, still holding my hand, "I hear you're quite the photographer."

"Well," I stuttered, trying to figure out whether I should try and retrieve my hand or not.

"You certainly don't lack for beautiful subject matter," she continued, releasing her grip and turning to the girls. They smiled back and blushed a little themselves. "I also saw some of the pictures you took of Becky," she said, looking back at me.

'Oh shit'; I did a quick mental rewind of the shots of Becky and Britt we'd done; 'Short Daisy Dukes, bare midriffs, hats and boots...sexy but not overly so.' There, I convinced myself, "Yes, those turned out very nice. Becky is a natural."

"Yes she is," Ginny said as she stepped next to Becky and put her arm around her waist; "Been that way since she was a little girl. Put her in front of a camera and she comes to life. Damn near bankrupted her Daddy, he spent so much money on film and pictures; you couldn't take a bad picture of her if you tried."

Becky had achieved the fourth level of redness, "Virginia, c'mon now."

"So you've known Becky a long time then, "Kate so astutely deduced.

"Well yes, didn't she tell you, this little girl is my niece," hugging her tighter. "Her momma and I are sisters...I'm the younger one," she said proudly.

There was a brief moment of awkward silence but for the gears turning in our heads. Thankfully before I started asking myself a bunch of questions I couldn't answer, Ginny continued, "So let's look at some clothes and we'll talk about what I have in mind for the pictures. I think Becky and I have it pretty well ironed out."

Happy to avoid any more family/relations talk, I dutifully followed the ladies further into the store. While handing out various pants, shirts, blouses, and the like for the girls to try on, Ginny described her ideas. "What I want right now is some shots for a clearance sale I have coming up next month and while we're at it, I thought we could take some generic shots for an on-line catalog that we are working on."

"That works for me," I said. "Kate and Gina have just taken over a swimwear store that is now just on-line sales and they have been doing pretty well with it. Kate does most of the photo work on that and Britt does some of the website programming type stuff for them. I pretty much stay off the computer except for actual photo work. All three of them make me look pretty foolish when it comes to actual programming and that kind of thing."

Ginny handed Kate another pair of pants to try on; "I've looked at both websites with Becky and they look pretty nice. Thank god for Becky; I'm a dinosaur when it comes to computers and she understands what people want to see and how to, what do they call it, navigate around the site?" She checked the fit on a pair of tight Wranglers that Gina had on. Gina turned so that Ginny could check the length and the fit in the back. "You are a long-legged one, aren't you?" as she tugged up on the waist a bit. "Nice butt too," giving her a little slap on the back pocket. "Here, try these on," handing her another pair. Gina skipped off and stopped and whispered in Britt's ear as they passed in the aisle way. They both smiled as they glanced at Ginny who had her back to them.

Ginny handed Britt a skirt and a couple blouses and sent her on her way back to the fitting area. Becky must be back there, I thought, probably doing the initial check on the fits. God only knows what else they're talking about. "So," turning back to me; "let's get you decked out, shall we?" I followed her to another aisle in the men's section. "So what is your waist size there stud?"

We were alone in the men's section and from the sounds in the distance; the girls were having a grand time playing dress-up. "Well, uh...it depends...uh...well these are a 34 I think."

She turned to look at me and then turned back to the shelves; "looks about right; How about your in-seam?"

Wow, she had me there. It always seems to vary and then when I wash then, well hell only knows. She tired of waiting and in a flash she was coming at me with a cloth tape measure. "Stand still and spread your legs a little," she ordered as she nimbly dropped to her knees in front of me. Holding one end at the floor, she ran the other end of the tape up my leg toward my crotch. I didn't give it much thought as this is what she does for a living and she is a professional and all and to be perfectly honest, I was always a little nervous when a male tailor was making the same moves.

"Here we go," she said as the back of her hand ran up the inside of my leg, searching for the apex of my anatomy. "Hmm," she hummed as she took her sweet time. Evidently not satisfied with the accuracy of the first measurement, she switched legs and when she reached the top this time, she was actually cupping my half-erection while the edge of her hand crowded the boys upward. "Nice," she said approvingly. I wasn't sure if it was nice that the two measurements were the same, you know the old saying, 'Measure twice, cut once', or was she making a comment on something else. She seemed to linger there a bit longer than necessary, but long enough for me to look down at an impressive freckled cleavage. A couple of those pearl snaps had lost the game of tug-of-war and just a wisp of a white lace bra peeked out. 

Ginny held up her hand and I took hold and helped her back to her feet. "Thank you," she said and while we were face to face, she said, "I sense my niece is quite smitten by you and I can tell why," giving me a quick wink, "she also can't stop talking about your Brittany either. I'm pretty open-minded for a broad my age and Becky is pretty sharp, but my sister asked me to keep an eye on her. You know mothers, always protective of their little girls. Anyway, what I'm saying is I sense you're a good guy; a damn lucky guy, but a good guy, and that you won't do anything to hurt my Becky."

To say I was caught off-guard would be an understatement. I didn't see this coming, but then, if I'd known that Becky worked with her aunt, I would maybe have approached this a little differently. Since the girls had moved in, I often wondered what would happen if a mom, or heaven help us, a dad of one of the girls should show up un-announced one day. 

"Ginny," I said, gathering my thoughts, "I am the first to admit I am the luckiest SOB around and the circumstances that I find myself in are not a result of any planning on my part. First off, I consider them all good friends, but I'll admit that Britt and I have a special relationship. Britt, for her part seems to have an effect on everyone she meets. She is just one of those rare individuals that people are attracted to and want to be around. The girls are all in college at State and if they stay at my place for the next three years until they graduate, I'm good with that. If they find a significant other and want to live with them, they'll always have me as a friend."

I paused to breath and continue on with my confessional when Ginny held up her hand. "I'm sorry; I wasn't accusing or implying anything. I don't think you're trying to be the next Hugh Hefner or anything, although I'll admit, I wouldn't have turned down the chance to be one of Hef's girlfriends. I just had to say it, because I told my sister I'd look after her. I actually envy her and the opportunities that lie ahead of her. So anyway, now that I've met you and the girls, if I'm asked, I can honestly say that she has some good friends who will look after her too."

I let out a sigh of relief," Thanks Ginny, I appreciate that and I'm glad we met also. I actually see a lot of Ginny in you and genetics have been good to you both...well...I mean, you know...character and, and, well not...well looks are...well crap!"

It was all that Ginny could do to not fall over laughing, her breasts bouncing, testing the few remaining snaps. "I know what you mean, George sweetie. All of us women on this side of the family are smart and charming and all-around great people, and not to toot my own horn, but we're a good looking bunch too. In fact in my day, with these," putting a hand under each massive breast and giving them a jiggle, "I could have just about any man I wanted and probably still could but they're all such a pain in the ass."

We could hear the girls coming our way and Ginny leaned closer and said, "When we're alone sometime, remind me and I'll show you some photos of me when I was Ginny's age. And, "she said with a wink before turning to the girls, "if you ever want to test-drive an older model, I wouldn't chase you away."

I must have had some tell-tale look on my face as Britt gave me a quizzical stare. I shook it off and joined in on the conversation. "Well, I think we have a pretty good selection of clothes for us girls, "Becky proclaimed. "How 'bout you George, you good to go?"

Ginny stepped in to answer for me, "Well I think I've got him straightened out and we picked out a few things. I've got all the particulars I need so we can put some other clothes together for him." She turned back to me and gave me a wink and then back to the girls; "You are the prettiest bunch of girls. I think the ad will catch a lot of attention and I'm looking forward to getting the website and catalog up and running. George tells me you girls have this web thing figured out, so if it's alright with him, Becky and I may want to pick your brains from time to time."

"Hey, no need to get me involved in all that," I exclaimed, hands in the air in submission; "Gina and Kate have their own business going now and are generous enough to pose for me when needed. Britt is my partner in the photography business and she pretty much runs the show and of course models too. Me I just get the jobs and shoot 'em."

"Yeah, right," the trio chimed in; "Lover boy here," and then Kate quickly covered her mouth and backpedaled; "Sorry...George here is being just a bit modest. Just a few months ago, we were three girls from the east coast, going to school, living in a little two bedroom house that had a landlord from hell. Our girl Britt here spots George one day and without him even knowing it, he casts a spell on her that she brings home and infects us with."
