 With her eyes still closed, Megan became aware of the acoustic rhythm slowly filling the room. Stretching out from underneath another warm body, she groaned as she switched off the alarm. Her eyes fluttered open and she sighed, dreading climbing out of her warm cocoon. Finally she forced herself up. Behind her just one of the blonde's eyes popped open, observing her as she walked to the bathroom in nothing but her bra and underwear. He heard the sink running and stopping as she brushed her teeth and the more he debated the idea, the more enticing it became. 

In the bathroom, Megan grabbed towels out of the small linen closet and turned on the water in her shower, testing it with her hand until it was as hot as she could stand it. Still standing outside the shower, she was about to undress completely when she felt a pair of strong hands grip her waist from behind.

"You're not supposed to be awake yet," she smiled as he pulled her back into him.

"You can't get out of bed looking like that and expect me not to notice," his deep voice had a husky tone from his still partially groggy state.

"Looking like what exactly?" She asked, her voice becoming unsteady as he kissed the nape of her neck.

She looked down at her plain white cotton panties and matching bra, not quite understanding how she had gotten him so turned on.

"I like these," he said into her shoulder, running the tips of his fingers just under her pantyline. "They give you this sweet, innocent school girl look. Very sexy."

Megan grinned as she leaned her head back and began to place soft kisses along his jawline.

"Sweet, innocent school girl, huh? Does my Lancey have a fetish I don't know about?"

"Maybe," he muttered softly against her cheek as his hands worked his way to her stomach.

"I'll have to keep that in mind," she smiled as she turned around to face him.

He kissed her softly before running his tongue along her collarbone. He continued going up her neck, stopping to nibble on her earlobe.

"Mmm...Lance," she sighed. "We don't have time for this, I have to be out that door in 20 minutes."

"What I have in mind takes about five minutes, tops," his hot breath on her neck was driving her crazy.

"Lance baby, I know you. You couldn't do this in under ten if you tried, let alone five. You just have too much stamina sweetie," she smiled lovingly up at him.

"But Meggie..." he started to protest.

She kissed him softly before he could continue. "We'll finish this tonight."

"But I have back-to-back meetings, I won't be home until late tonight," he pouted, making it almost impossible to resist him.

"Well then I guess this will give you some incentive to get home on time," she traced a line down his jawline with her tongue as she gently cupped the erection he had formed through his boxers.

"You're so cruel," he muttered breathlessly.

"But you love me anyway," she smiled wickedly at him.

"That, I do."

She removed both her hands from his body and gave him one last passionate kiss before she removed what remained of her clothes. Lance stood by and couldn't help but watch her as she climbed into the shower.

"Go back to sleep," she called to him through the shower curtain.

"Yeah, like that's possible now," he mumbled to himself as he huffed back into the bedroom.

Megan couldn't help but giggle to herself.

~*~

Picking up the phone that afternoon, Megan proceeded to dial one of Lance's many numbers she knew by heart.

"Hello, Lance Davidson's office. This is Ilene, how can I help you?"

"Hey Ilene, this is Meg, how are you?" She asked the receptionist she had come to know well.

"Oh, Meg honey! I'm fine, how are you?"

"I'm doing well, thank you."

"Do you want me to patch you through to Lance?" She asked, a bit surprised that Megan hadn't just called his personal line.

"No, actually, I was just wondering what time Lance's last meeting was going to let out tonight."

"Well, it starts at seven, so it will probably be over around 8:30."

Megan thought for a moment, "Umm..." she hesitated.

"What is it, dear?"

"Well, this might sound weird, but...does he keep his office door locked while he's gone?"

"Yes, I'm pretty sure he does. Why do you ask?"

"Well, I was just thinking about doing something for him, that's all. I wanted to surprise him," Megan paused, unsure of how to elaborate without saying too much.

"Well, I also happen to know that Lance gave his very trustworthy secretary an extra key to his office," she could feel Ilene smiling through the phone. "And, I also happen to know that she's allowed to leave as soon as Lance gets done with his meeting so there will be no one around to see or hear anything."

Megan grinned. She knew there was a reason she got along with Ilene so well.

"Ilene, you're the best."

"Don't I know it."

~*~

Megan finished her make-up and then shoved the clothes she had worn on the way there into her small duffel bag and stuffed it in the closet. There was no way she could've walked into the building looking the way she did now. She checked her watch; 8:30 on the dot.

"Damn, I'm good." She said aloud to herself as she walked over and switched the light off. Carefully, she found her way back to his desk and hopped up onto it. Taking in a deep breath, she waited to hear the key in the door.

~*~

Lance came down the long hallway in a huge huff, looking at his watch for the twentieth time in the past ten minutes. It was after 8:30, which meant he wouldn't be home until at least nine.

"Megan's going to kill me," he thought to himself.

He flew around the corner to a desk where Ilene sat quietly waiting for him. She glanced up at him smiling.

"Good evening, Mr. Davidson. How was the meeting?"

"A pain, I swear these people assume that because I'm young, I know absolutely nothing about business. They went ahead and made all these decisions without me and most of them I don't agree with," he grumbled in a low voice.

"I'm sorry to hear you had a bad night," Ilene told him, still smiling to herself.

"I'm sorry Ilene, I don't mean to be such a bear. I'm just frustrated right now." 

"It's not a problem, sir," She looked at him grinning and Lance raised an eyebrow at her.

"What is it?" He asked puzzled.

"I was just thinking that your day could still perk up," she gave him a knowing smile, picked up her things and walked away. "Goodnight, sir."

Lance stared after her questioningly. "Goodnight, Ilene."

He shook his head as he flipped through the messages that Ilene had written down. Walking towards the door to his office, he fished the key out of his pocket and unlocked the office door. He reached over and flipped on the light. When he looked up from the papers in his hand, Lance's jaw dropped and all of them instantly fell to the floor.

"Hi there," Megan smiled sassily at him from her seat on his desk.

She saw his eyes start at her legs and travel up her body. He took in the high-heeled penny loafers, the dark gray knee socks, the incredibly short plaid pleated skirt, the white button down shirt that was tied so that you could just see her navel, the soft, dark gray sweater that was unbuttoned, and finally he took in the pigtails that her hair was tied in...she looked like she had just popped out of one of his high school fantasies.

As shocked as he was, Lance couldn't help but notice the instant hardness he felt. In fact, the complete surprise was the only factor keeping him from leaping on her that exact second.

"Was this what you had in mind?" She smiled wryly at him.

"I'll say," Lance could barely get the words out as he moved towards her.

When he was close enough, she reached up and tugged on his tie, pulling him into her. His hands started at her knees and ran up them until he was under her skirt, adding more pressure the further he got.

"God baby...I want you so bad," he growled in her ear, his voice dropping to an octave she didn't even know was possible.

Damn him, that was one of her few weaknesses with him and he knew it. That voice made her melt into one big puddle and she was trying desperately to be sexy. Keeping control would be impossible with the pile of mush he turned her into.

"So Mr. Davidson," she whispered breathlessly. She brought her lips inches from his ear, knowing it made him insane...also knowing that she had to if she expected him to hear her, seeing as how she couldn't get her voice to go any louder. "What can I do for you?"

She yanked his tie harder as she felt his masculine hands slide under her and grab her ass firmly, using it to pull her towards him. She wrapped her legs around his waist from her still-sitting position on his desk and she could feel him hardening against her. 

"I couldn't stop thinking about you today," he told her as he began placing wet kisses along her neck. "I'm not sure I even remember half my meetings."

Reaching up, Megan brought his mouth to meet hers as she kissed him deeply.

"Well I'm glad, because I didn't have the self-discipline to wait 'til you got home," she smiled and bit at his bottom lip.

Suddenly she pushed Lance off of her, taking him so off guard that he almost lost his footing. Spinning around, she shoved everything from the desk onto the floor and climbed on top of it. He looked at her half in shock and he didn't have to say anything. 

"Don't be so anal, I'll help you pick it up later," she teased him.

"I wasn't even thinking about that...and I'm not anal," he insisted with a huge smile.

Practically running, he jumped onto the desk with her, pinning her on her back. She wrestled furiously with his tie and finally managed to remove it and go to work on his shirt. After she practically ripped it from him and discarded it on the floor, she reached up and ran her hands over his smooth chest, raking her nails gently over his hot skin.

Lance began to unbutton Megan's white shirt and slid off both the shirt and the sweater over it. He stared at her just trying to absorb her. He knew that this was the weirdest time for him to be getting sentimental, but somehow the thought of how beautiful she was and how much he loved her just overwhelmed him.

"You're so amazingly gorgeous," he told her.

Red flushed over her cheeks, he could still make her blush with a simple compliment though they'd been together for months now.

"You know, it's ironic," Lance smiled down at her.

"What's that?"

"The hotter the clothes make you look, the more eager I am to rip them off of you."

Lance quickly got back to action. Looking up at him, she could see his intense green eyes smoldering. His head dipped down and suddenly his mouth was working furiously at ear, licking and sucking and biting in a way she had never experienced. A strong hand slid slowly from her hair, past her neck, over her now bare breasts, stopping briefly to tweak and twirl around a nipple. Then, it was back on its mission, sliding over her stomach, past her navel, under her skirt and stopped at her folds. Lance slowly ran his index finger along her inner thighs and against her opening. He could tell she was wet before he even began to enter her.

"God Lance...please..." she begged him as he traced a line up and down her opening.

Suddenly, she felt Lance dart a finger inside of her and then another. She gasped for breath as her body jolted from his movements. To her surprise, instead of pumping her with his fingers, he found her clit and gently began to massage it. Both fingers worked in small, rapid circles, all the while practically fucking her ear with his tongue. Her entire body tingled at the sensations he was giving her and she couldn't even think. She was so close and she knew exactly what she wanted to take her over the edge.

"God...Lance...oh baby...say it, please," she could barely find her voice.

A grin wiped over Lance's face and he stopped his work on her ear for a brief moment.

"I love you, Darlin" he said in a low, deep, southern drawl.

God damn that voice. Megan screamed Lance's name as she felt her entire body explode in ecstasy. 

She panted heavily, her body shaking underneath him. 

"You're fucking incredible," she told Lance when she had finally gathered the ability to speak.

"You're not so bad yourself," he chuckled.

She became suddenly aware of Lance's rock hard erection pressing into her thigh.

"Now it's time we take care of you," she smiled at him.

Lifting her head up, she nipped at his adam's apple and down his neck. A low moan escaped his lips and she continued to work her way down his neck as her hands ran over his bare chest. Working quickly, her hands slid down the length of his body. She whipped off Lance's belt and shoved his pants down as far as she could get them. A small gasp escaped her lips as she now felt the full power of Lance's cock against her. She was a bit surprised to realize how hard he already was as she ran her hand down his body and wrapped it around him.

"Baby," he exasperated in a breathless voice. "Thoughts of you in a thousand sexual scenarios have been some of the only things going through my mind all day, we are so past any need for foreplay."

A chuckle left Megan as she saw Lance grinning down at her. Megan began to unbutton her skirt to slide it off, but Lance placed a hand over hers.

"Leave it on," he smiled.

"My, my you get naughty when you're denied for too long," satisfaction was written in her face.

Lance slowly guided himself inside of her as she wrapped her legs around his waist.

"Oh God..." she sighed, still always surprised at the amazing way he felt every time he was inside her.

"Mmm...Meg...God you're so tight..."

He began to pump in and out of her, slowly at first, savoring every moment of this fantasy come true. 

"Fuck Lance...harder baby..."

"So wet...Jesus you feel amazing..." Lance picked up his pace, his hips thrusting harder and harder into her.

She met his motions with her own body, moving in perfect flowing motion with him before long.

"Shit Lance...God I'm so close..." she whimpered under him.

Just knowing he was making her moan that way was enough to put Lance over the edge, but he was holding out as long as he could, determined to make sure she came just when he did.

"I wanna cum with you," he whispered to her, flicking his tongue over her ear.

His hot breath and voice circling her ear made her head spin.

"So close...fuck...Lance!" She screamed out in pleasure.

Lance could feel her tightening around him and kissed her mouth hard as he came inside her, the same time feeling her walls squeeze tightly around him before relaxing as her orgasm washed through her as well. Still inside her, he collapsed on top of her, his head resting on her chest. They breathed in rhythmic motion together, trying to slow their pounding hearts. 

"So, was your fantasy everything you expected it to be?" She asked him softly, running her fingers through his sweat-dampened hair.

"Meg, this was absolutely amazing," he lifted his head to smile at her. "You're my everyday fantasy."