 **Enjoy, as always. Don't forget the extra 3 seconds to vote, Thanks!**

It was my most hated day of the year, as it is for most guys; clothes buying day. I tend to put it off as long as possible, waiting until my clothes are either completely threadbare or just too worn out to serve their purpose. I had a couple hundred dollars saved up just for buying clothing and I was ready to spend. So, with a deep breath, I headed into the clothing section of the nearest retailer.

I don't like shopping at the trendy places. I'm too tough on clothes for them to start ripping and wearing through after only a few months. I do my own car work, I'm active outside, and I like to play with my dog, so the more rugged the clothes, the better. The only good thing about all of that is that my clothes are usually on sale on the weekend I decide to go, and best of all, no one my age or younger is in the store.

I wandered through the throngs of women shopping in the front of the store to the nearly barren sections of men's clothing in the back. I didn't even see any help back there, but that didn't bother me; there were check outs close to the front of the store and they were close to my car. I was busily looking for a few new shirts when I heard the sound of a throat softly clearing behind me. I turned and saw a blonde in a black outfit; tight black pants and a black top with a zipper which was about half down. Under the black top she was wearing a white top that was very business-like looking but still managed to show a decent amount of cleavage between her well formed tits.. Her skin had a little tan to it, obviously fake-baked for around here in Spring. Her green eyes were bored, but there was a mischievous twinkle in them. Her hair was drawn back into a bun and there were a few wooden ornamental pins through it, holding it in place. I gave her a long look up and down and then smiled at her.

"Hi," she said, some of the weariness leaving her eyes. The twinkle was taking over every passing millisecond. "My name's Ashley," she added pointing to the name take on her left breast. I don't know how I missed that before; a field of stylish red and black with white letters around the curving swell of her chest. Her finger left and a stiffening nipple was left in its place. "Is there anything in particular you're looking for?" she asked, her friendly voice pouring like liquid silk over her demure smile.

"Well, I'll need some pants to go with these shirts," I said, not lying; pants were the next and last thing on my list to pick up, though it seemed that I just found something else.

"What kind are you looking for?" she asked helpfully and swept her hand in the direction of the khakis.

"Well, I’m looking for something I can wear to the office and still be comfortable in. I usually like a baggy style, gives me more room, you know?" I said casually. Her lips turned into a sexy smile and she looked down at my crotch for a brief second.

"I see," she said, her speech drawing out into a pregnant consideration. "I think those over there will work for you," and pointed to the far wall. I nodded and walked off and I swear I heard her hum a happy contentment. I put a little extra flex in my ass just for her. 

I spent some time looking quickly through the racks and found a couple that should have fit, but they were a new brand so I wanted to try them on. Until I die, I will not understand how a 32 inch waist from one company will fit and a 32 from another is 4 inches too small. That's what I think causes me the most headache when going shopping for new clothes; trying to figure out what's gonna fit from which company. By the time I finally found a pair that looked like it should work, I had completely forgotten about Ashley.

"There's a fitting room right over there, in case you want to try anything," she said. Her breath was on my ear and she couldn't have been more than a foot from me. A shiver ran down my spine and my cock twitched in my pants.

"Thanks," I mumbled and looked at her. Her lips were almost pouting and both of her nipples were at full attention, looking like pebbles on her firm tits under that black top. I felt myself licking my lips. She smiled and backed up a step. I looked around and spotted the fitting room area and nodded.

"Finding anything you like?" she asked demurely.

"Yeah, I think I found something that will work," I said with a smirk and walked back to the fitting room. The first thing that struck me was the size of the fitting rooms; they all seemed to be wheelchair accessible with plenty of room to spare. The second thing was that there were no locks on the doors, there were only magnetic strips to hold the door closed. I shut the slatted door behind me and I was in there for almost 30 seconds; just long enough to take my shoes off and unzip my fly when the door opened up.

"Oh," she said, looking me up and down, "sorry, I was just looking for, uh," she said. She found it difficult to keep talking as I started pushing the pants I was wearing down and my cock started to come to life. She had a blush lighting her face up, and she seemed to be breathing deeper. Her nipples were even larger now, and rock hard from the look of it. 

Ashley didn't waste any time and sank to her knees, her eyes never leaving my crotch. Her hands were on the waistband of my boxers and they were around my ankles before my cock even swung out to tap her on the cheek. She giggled a little and swallowed my still-swelling member. It wasn't long before I was pushing against the walls of the changing room for balance and my dick was at its full 8 and a half inches. Ashley's mouth bobbed on my cock while her hand furiously jerked the shaft for almost a full minute as far as I could tell and she stood up.

"I want you inside me," she moaned and pushed her pants down over her hips. She bent over, pushing them down to her ankles and grabbed hold of the bench in the fitting room, presenting her ass to me. Her thong was still half on, and I had to suppress a little chuckle; it was bright pink with little red and white hearts spotting it. I could see the thin stretch of material clinging to her pussy was already wet with her juice, and the aroma of that hot wet pussy made my dick twitch.

Wasting not a second more I pushed the thin material to the side and split her slit with my fingers, making sure she was wet enough that I wasn't gonna skin my cock dry-fucking her. This babe was more than willing and my fingers almost literally gushed inside her. I positioned myself behind her, stroking her g-spot with a few quick lashes and pulled my fingers out of her. Her ass followed, and was pushed forward by my cock. The first few strokes were soft and slow, making sure I wasn’t going to hurt her, and when I felt her clamp down on my dick with her hot sticky cunt, I started pounding away.

The slapping of my hips into her ass had to have been heard into the store, as well as the wet slapping of her pussy around my pounding cock. This was an all out fucking. She was biting her lip trying to not moan and I had my lips clamped tight as well. Every stroke in and out of Ashley's box was like a step closer to heaven. I felt her squeeze with every stroke, and I felt the muscle in her pussy ripple with each stroke, her cunt milking my cock as I pounded into her. 

I could feel her juices dripping down my balls, and I could see it coating her thighs. Each stroke brought more and more cum out of her hole as I pulled my cock out all the way with each stroke and plunged it all the way back in. The fact that one of her supervisors could come by any time or even another customer made it that much better for me, and my heart was racing.

I felt my orgasm build up in my toes. I knew this was going to be a good one as the sensation traveled up my legs as I kept pounding harder and faster into this hot piece of ass. It hit my spine and shot straight into my brain. From there, it felt like I blacked out and I felt my cum boil out of my balls and shoot into Ashley's snatch, my hips still pounding hard, but much slower than before. Her pussy kept massaging my cock head, making my body convulse and my knees shake. I still don't know how I didn't fall over.

She stood up and kept bumping her ass into me, grinding on my cock with her cunt.

"Mmmmmm," she moaned fairly loudly. "Looks like we found a good fit."

"Hell yeah," I managed to pant out. 

Ashley slid forward, my dick popping out of her pussy. She sat on the bench and pulled her ankles up, spreading her knees. Her red swollen pussy opened like a flower and our cum made it glisten in a milky sheen. She bent down and picked my underwear up from in front of my feet, her tits touching our fuck-glaze on her thighs and crotch. She mopped herself up with my boxers and held them under her pussy, pushing more of my jizz out of her hot box. She moaned the entire time, and I saw her pussy literally push the cum right out of her. She sat up, rubbing her cunt with my shorts and then sucked my cock clean. The boxers came up and soaked the extra juice off my balls and then she stood up.

"I'm keeping these," she said, pulling her thong back in place and her pants up. The wet boxers looked like they weren't quite dripping. "Trophy," she said and left the fitting room.

I put the other pants on quick, saw that they fit and put mine back on, my half-hard cock sticking out down my leg as I left to find Ashley to pay. She was nowhere to be seen, but an old woman was standing at the register, looking at me like she was going to call security.

"Everything fit all right?" she grumbled out of habit.

I smiled. "Yup, tight in all the right places," I said. 

The old woman damn near growled at me as I paid and I walked out, feeling her eyes burning into my back. I didn't see Ashley as I left the store, and it's probably better that way. Maybe next year I'll find another college girl working on a boring weekend who wants help me out.