 The next two years

We got back to Jean's house late the next morning. "We were both tired and probably had too much to drink, so we decided to stop and get a hotel room." Jean explained to her mom.

Deborah took a glance at our wrinkled clothes and with a sly grin stated, "That was probably a smart decision."

I knew she was not fooled at all.

Jean had to go back to school later that day. It was a two hour drive. She told me she would stop by my apartment before she left town. When she finally arrived, she walked through the door and melted into my arms. We stood there just hugging each other, and it felt so comfortable holding this gorgeous woman. She broke away from the embrace and pushed me back on the couch, "Get naked! I want more of your magnificent cock." She proceeded to take her clothes off.

You would have thought my clothes were on fire, I ripped them off so fast.

Jean crawls over to me and starts licking my cock, up, down, and all over the shaft. I can hear her purring again. "I'm just making it's good and hard."

Already there!

After a few minutes, Jean says, "Lay on the floor, I'm going to take control this time." She reaches in her purse, pulls out a bottle of lube and kneels beside me. Jean squirts the cool lube all over my thick hot cock. She slowly works it around, stroking me up and down, squeezing me tight with her fists. I don't think I've ever been so hard in my life. 

Moments later, she stands up and places one foot on each side of my hips. Jean bends at the knees and grabbing ahold of my cock in her hands, lowers herself until just the head of my hardon was touching her wet pussy. She started to tease me holding my cock tightly, rubbing the tip between her lips brushing my knob against her clit. She is whimpering and purring the whole time. Next thing I know her legs are shaking and she's climaxing on my cock, making her wet lips absolutely dripping.

After she recovered somewhat, Jean continues to slowly lower herself until the head of my cock popped into her hot pussy. She held herself there for few moments adjusting to the size, then she slowly lifted herself up and started rocking up and down on my cock. Her tight silky pussy seemed to squeeze me every time she pulled up, and every stroke sunk my cock a little bit further in her hot wetness. A dozen strokes later she was impaled all the way onto my cock. She held herself still for what seemed a few minutes. I felt small quivers going through her body. Jean lifted herself up until just the head was still in, and I started bucking my hips to fuck her. 

Jean demanded, "Stop! Just lie still." She relaxes her legs and sinks onto my cock all the way down, then pushes herself back up again. This happened about three or four times in slow agonizing pleasure, her rocking back and forth on me, before she rested on her knees with me still buried deep inside her. Placing her hands on my chest for support, Jean threw her head thrown back and closed her eyes, and starts slowly rocking her hips back and forth. Each delicious motion squeezes me with her strong pussy muscles. Every time she rocked forward I felt her grind her clit against my pubic bone and saw a shiver ripple through her body.

It wasn't long before I could feel my own climax building and I told Jean, "I am going to cum soon."

She starts rocking back and forth faster, grinding her clit on me harder, "Fill my pussy with your cum, I want to feel you explode in me!"

I grabbed her hips, holding her tight against me, and exploded inside her. It felt like I came gallons. When I started to cum, her whole body starts shaking. I feel her pussy muscles contracting on my cock again as if milking all the cum out of me. She is screaming as she climaxes, "Give me your cum! Fill me up!"

We catch our breath with her still laying on top of me. Her pussy squeezes my deflating cock and she whispers in my ear, "This is my cock. I own it. It's mine to use whenever I want."

I think I might have spurt a little more cum inside her in response.

We took a long relaxing shower together. Slowly and comfortably, we washed off each other and enjoyed every moment.

It was time for her to leave and head back to school. We stood in the doorway of my apartment holding each other. Neither of us wanted to let go, I gave her a tender kiss and told her to call me when she gets back to her dorm.

...

Over the next couple months, I was driving to see her at least a couple times per week. sometimes we would meet at a hotel halfway between for a couple hours. One weekend about 4 weeks later, Jean came to my apartment without telling her parents she was in town.

We never left the apartment that weekend. Saturday afternoon we lounged around. Jean wore one of my t-shirts that barely covered her ass and I wore a pair of silk boxers. We were cuddling on the couch talking and the phone started ringing. I got up to answer it. 

Deborah was calling to see if I would like to go out to dinner with her and Jim. Covering the phone with my hand, I whispered to Jean, "It's your mom." 

Taking my hand off the receiver I told Deborah, "I would love to, but I have a lot of paperwork to catch up on for my business." She started asking me about work, how things were going, what projects was I working on, etc.

While I'm talking on the phone, Jean saunters over and standing in front of me starts rubbing my cock through my boxers. She moves up my body and starts pinching my nipples, and then begins licking my ear lobe.

I'm trying to carry on an intelligent conversation and she was driving me crazy. Jean gets down on her knees and pulls my shorts down. She takes the head of my cock in her mouth and starts sucking me into her warm mouth while her hands stroke my shaft. 

While I'm trying to get off the phone Deborah is busy chatting away about summer plans and more work Jim wants done on their house. She occasionally asks me a question, but at this point all I could do is grunt one word answers in response.

The whole time, Jean is looking up at me with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. She eagerly continues sucking on my cock, stroking me, and dragging her nails across my balls. 

I wasn't going to last long. At this point, I don't even know what her mom is saying. I started pumping my cock in Jean's mouth while holding the back of her head. I cum in her mouth and let out a grunt.

Deborah asked, "Are you okay?"

I'm looking down at her daughter with my cum dripping off her chin, I told Deborah, "Yeah, I just dropped something on my foot."

Deborah finally lets me get off the phone. I grab Jean by the arm, "You are so fucking bad! And now I'm going to have to punish you." I pull her over to the couch, and sat down. I pull her over my knee and gave her a sharp crack on the ass.

Jean lets out a little cry, turns her head to look at me, "Oh, yes Daddy. I've been a bad girl. Spank me."

I gave her three sharp swats and her ass cheeks turned pink. I massage her soft cheeks for a few minutes and start to feel my legs getting wet. Using my left hand, I reach under her and start stroking between her pussy lips. I alternate between giving her ass a couple of smacks and massaging her beautiful butt. 

She is squirming around on my lap, rubbing her pussy into my hand. I continue spanking and gently rubbing her ass. She is soaking wet. I curl two of my fingers into her pussy and rub her g-spot. With the other hand, I land another crack on her ass.

She screams, "I'm such a naughty girl, punish me!" Jean's whole body is shaking. She is gushing all over my hand and legs.

After she recovers, she is lying across my lap making that purring noise. I gently rub her pink ass cheeks.

"That was a huge turn on for me," she says.

We spent the rest of the weekend hanging out, talking, and having more sex of course. We were getting to know each other much better.

...

Two days later, I was swimming laps at the apartment complex pool. When I got of the water, there was Annette. Annette is a gorgeous single mom who dances to make ends meet and we have become 'friends with benefits' over the past year.

She walks up to me, in her tiny bikini, places her hand on my wet chest and gives me a small kiss, whispering, "I have the afternoon free, if you want to come over to my apartment."

I gave her a hug and with a smile said, "I'm seeing someone, and would have to decline."

Annette looked at up at me in surprise, "This girl must be very special, if the man-whore of the county is telling me 'no' for the first time."

"She is indeed very special," I replied.

"She's a very lucky girl. I would like to meet her sometime," Annette said as she left.

...

Later that day as I sat in my apartment, it hit me. Like a bell going off in my head, I thought, "Holy shit! I just turned down sex with cock crazy Annette." At this point, I came to the realization I was falling in love with Jean.

...

Now, a few weeks later, it was Jean's college graduation. I rode with her parents to attend. On the way there Jim asked, "What's going on with your business plans? Are you doing okay financially?"

"Thank you, but I'm good. I'm leaning more towards commercial construction instead of homes." I told him.

Deborah made small talk about everything from the weather to her plans for the summer. At one point, she turned in her seat to face me and with that sly grin of hers asked, "How's your foot? Did you break anything?"

I almost choked, "It's fine, only bruised a little."

...

After the ceremony, Jean and I went out to eat with her parents. Jean wore a beautiful light weight summer dress that showed all her curves. Throughout dinner she was rubbing my leg under the table. She leans over to me and whispers in my ear, "I'm wearing crotchless panties just for you."

I almost choked on my food. Across the table her dad is quietly laughing. I'm thinking, "Holy shit, This girl is going to drive me crazy."

Her parents planned on heading home after dinner. I was staying overnight and driving back with Jean in the morning. As they were leaving the restaurant, Deborah stands up on her tip toes and gave me a hug and a kiss on the cheek. With a twinkle in her eye, she says, "Drive safe."

When Jean and I got back to her dorm, she snuck me in the back door. Her roommates had already packed up and left. Once we got to her bedroom we were tearing each others clothes off. Sure enough, Jean was wearing crotchless panties and thigh high stockings. 

I pushed her back on the bed, telling her, "You are such a fucking tease, I'm going to show you tease." Holding her legs apart, I started kissing her inner thighs. I licked her lower belly and then started kissing her legs. I spent about ten minutes licking and kissing all around. She wiggled and squirmed trying to direct my attentions, but I kept my tongue and lips deliberately close but never quite on her lips or clit. She moaned and purred. Holding her ass in my hands with my thumbs spreading her lips open, I flicked the tip of my tongue against her clit with the lightest of touches. My tongue gently moved up her slit and barely touched her clit. I stuck my tongue out as a far as I could and slid my tongue in and out of her. She started trembling and I stopped. I went back to kissing her legs.

Moaning in disappointment, she cries out to me, "Make me cum!"

I laughed.

When Jean's body stopped quivering, I went back to stroking my tongue across her slit, sucking her clit into my mouth and holding it between my teeth gently. I let the tip of my tongue barely flick her little nub and she starts trembling again. Again I go back to kissing her lower stomach.

Hitting me on top of my head, she exclaims, "You're such a fucking asshole." 

"Yeah, but I'm your asshole."

When she calmed a bit, I start lightly running the tip of my tongue from her ass to her clit. My tongue teases her ass, running through her literally dripping wet slit, and flicking her engorged clit each time. Her body starts shaking and her legs kicking. I stop licking at the last second and start kissing her legs.

She grabs my head, trying to pull my mouth back to her pussy. "Oh my god! You're such a dick! Make me cum."

I continue kissing her inner thighs. After another few minutes, I run the tip of my tongue through her wet slit again. Jean whimpers, "Please! Oh God! Please let me cum!"

I back off a bit, using my tongue to lick her inner thigh right to the point next to her pussy lips. I was very close to where she wanted my tongue, but not quite.

She grabs my head, body quivering, whimpers almost incoherently, "Almost there, so close."

Holding both of her hands in one of mine, and my other holding her lips open. I stab my tongue into her and clamp my mouth on her pussy. I suck hard on her clit. Jean shakes furiously. Her hips buck off the bed and she screams while squirting all over my face.

I kiss her stomach and wait for her body's shaking to slow down. I stab two of my fingers as deep as I could into her soaking wet pussy, curling them up to hit her g-spot, and resume sucking on her clit. She orgasms hard again.

I move up the bed and snuggle up to her back, holding her close. I gently kiss her neck and shoulders while her body continues quiver here and there. She lazily purrs and says, "You're still an asshole." Then she drifted off to sleep in my arms.

...

Jean got a job at a local hospital and my business was taking off. Over the next couple years, she spent more time at my apartment then her home. She never quite moved in, saying, "It wouldn't be right."

I thought that was funny as hell.

Neither of us could get enough of each other. We constantly teased the other and fucked like crazy every chance we got, wherever we could. We played with toys, fucked in public, and flashed people.

One weekend that summer, we were out on her parents boat with them. Jean and I were in a small raft being pulled by the boat with a fifty foot rope, making out and teasing each other. Jean pulls my swimsuit down enough to get my cock out and pulls the bottom of her swimsuit to the side. She sits on my lap sinking her pussy onto my cock with the water just barely covering our waists. Jean rocks her hips slowly and whimpers quietly. Both of us are trying to not make much noise. I can't move without drawing attention. Jean keeps rocking her hips, grinding her clit against my public bone each time. Her parents are fifty feet away on the boat and Jean starts to cum. She bites my shoulder to keep from screaming out, and I cum inside her.

A little later while we are cruising through the harbor, Jean and her mom go out on the bow of the boat to lay out in the sun. When I look down, I see they are both lying there topless. My chin hits the floor as I stare at four of the most beautiful tits ever.

Laughing, Jim says, "Get used to it. Deb has always been very comfortable with her body and sexuality, and Jean is just like her. Deb told me she teased and flirted with you when you were working on the kitchen. Her sex drive is through the roof and it's all I can do to keep up with her. Why that woman has never cheated on me, I don't know. I just know I'm a lucky man."

...

One day at my apartment, I was working on proposals for work. Jean, wearing a sexy bikini, said, "I'm going down to the pool. Join me when you're done."

A couple hours later I head down to the pool and walking through the gate I see Jean and my old fuck buddy Annette drinking wine, chatting and laughing like they were old friends. "Oh shit, I'm in trouble now," I thought.

When I approach them, Jean jumps up and gives me a hug and a kiss. She tells me how they just met and that Annette was telling her how we were old friends. The three of us hung around the pool for a while. As Jean and I left Annette gives me a hug and whispers, "She is very special."

They became close friends. Annette was one of our bridesmaids.

...

Our one year anniversary of meeting was coming up soon, and I decided to treat her. That day when she got to my apartment after work, she found a note telling her to go to Suite 402 at the Hilton at 8:00 p.m.

When she arrived, I met her at the door. She started to say something. 

I shushed her, "Shhh! No talking." I took her hand and led her to the living area, I told her to sit in the chair. I had turned all the lights off, lit candles all around the room, and had soft music playing. On the low coffee table, I had bowls of fruit: strawberries, pieces of watermelon, pieces of cantaloupe. I blindfolded her with a silk scarf. Jean got a little nervous and started trembling a bit. I gently kissed her with my hand on her cheek. "Shhh. Relax my little cat. Enjoy. Tonight is about your pleasure."

I brought a glass of wine up to her lips and tilted the glass a bit to give her a drink. Some of it dribbled down her chin onto her neck. With the tip of my tongue, I licked the wine off her skin. She shivered a little and started purring. I gave her another sip of wine and it ran down her neck. I unbuttoned her blouse slowly and licked the wine off the top of her breasts.

I helped her stand up, removed her clothes and then helped her sit back down again. I was feeding her pieces of fruit or chocolate. Jean didn't know when or what I was feeding her until it touched her lips. Occasionally fruit juices would run down her neck and drip on her chest. I would use my mouth and tongue to clean her. Holding a cold piece of fruit, I then gently teased her nipples. She jumped and shivered a moment. I then blew my hot breath across her cold hard nipples and she let out a low moan.

Holding her hand, I led her into the bathroom and removed her blindfold. She saw I prepared a large tub filled with rose water. The only light in the room coming from more candles. On the side of the tub was a glass of wine. I told her to relax in the tub and enjoy the wine.

After giving her about five minutes to relax, I came into the bathroom wearing black silk boxers. She started to say something again. I put my fingers to my lips, "Shhh. No talking. Close your eyes, lay back and relax." I knelt beside the tub and starting with her feet I gently washed her. I worked slowly up her long legs, messaging her calf muscles. I continued working up her legs, rubbing her thighs, and making sure to use plenty of scented soap. Going back up her leg, I spent some time washing her flat stomach, followed by her sides and her chest. Gently I massage her breasts, but never touched her hard nipples.

By this time, she was purring again. I worked my way down her arms and when I got to her hands I used my mouth and tongue to clean her fingers. Gently, slowly sucking each finger into my mouth. After about twenty minutes of bathing her, I held her hand and asked her to stand up. I helped her out of the tub and I wrapped her in a large warm towel. I could feel her quivering. Reminding her to not talk, I led her out to the main room where I had setup a massage table and asked her to lay on her stomach.

Using warm oil I massage her feet and rub her tight muscles. I alternate between her legs and slowly work my way up legs. When I get to her inner thighs, I use long strokes almost touching her sex. I continue kneading and rubbing her firm body, and spend a fair amount of time working on her glorious ass. Occasionally I slide one my oiled fingers from the bottom of her lips and up along the crack of her ass. Using the tips of my fingers, I gently stroke along her lips massaging her. I let my finger nail drag across her engorged clit. I spread her ass cheeks apart and run the my fingertip around her puckered hole. Jean started gently trembling when I took a finger and start rimming her asshole, gently pushing at times, but not quite penetrating. I moved my other hand down to her clit and started pinching and flicking it. Jean's whole body shook as she climaxed hard.
