 After an exquisite bj and some naked snuggling on the couch, Chloe began to get a little restless. We hadn't seen each other in a few days and some tension had obviously built up in her.

"Mmmm, I missed you these past few days," she said as she started bucking her hips up against me. Hearing her moan and feeling her naked body up against me started me on the road to erectionville. Plus she had her finger running up and down my semi hard cock.

"It's nice to know that I've been missed," I ended my sentence with a soft, slow kiss and a hand on her moist, little kitty. She had a nicely trimmed patch just above her slit and a heart tattoo on her hip bone. Her legs were perfectly shaped and just the right length. I've always loved a pair of sexy legs on a cute girl, and she had some of the sexiest I've ever seen or felt. 

We continued kissing and playing with each other's bodies for a few minutes, until neither of us could take any more fore play.

"When did you say your parents would be home?" I asked. We were on a couch in a room next to hers upstairs. What I really wanted was to get her into a bed and make love to her for the first time. Neither of us were virgins, but we hadn't gone all the way together yet.

"My mom said about 10:30 to 11:00," I looked at the clock and saw that we had about 2 hours together.

"Let's go to your room shall we?" 

"Yeah," she purred.

She took my hand and I could not look away from her perfect heart shaped ass saying in front of me. We got into her room, closed the door and I pinned her up against it, kissing, our bodies rubbing, my hard on pressing into her taught tummy. I put my hand on her ass and she lifter her legs around me, the only thing keeping her up was me pressing her into the door and my hands under her soft bottom.

"Oh fuck baby, I'm so hot, I can't wait any longer," She grunted. I nearly shot my second load of the evening at hearing this. I pulled her away from the wall and put her on the floor, the bed a mere 5 feet away.

I kissed down her lovely body, her pale skin quivering at my touch. I made it down to her trimmed triangle of beautiful hair. I started kissing her inner thighs, then kissed her pink lips and moved to her hard clit. She moaned and bucked her hips up at me. I slid two fingers in and continued my attentive study of her love button with my mouth. I knew she was close, but wanted her to wait. 

I pulled my fingers out with an audible "squish" and kissed up her body. I rested on her, my cock pressing into her hip and kissed her.

"Oh please, I want you inside," Chloe breathed out.

"What do you want?"

"I need you in me!" She yelled out.

Not one to disappoint a lady, I kissed her as I slowly ran the head of my rocket along her moist gash. Finally, I slid it in and she grasped my arms and moaned out. We stayed in this position for a while (I honestly have no idea how long) until she requested;

"Do me from behind sweetie," I pulled out and she got on all fours, then I slowly pushed my cock back into her warm hole. I grabbed her hips and she bucked them back at me to match my thrusts. "Slap my ass babe; I'm your little slut!" I couldn't believe what I was hearing; she was turning into my super dream girl right in front of my eyes. 'Smack smack smack.' She would let out a little whimper with each slap. Her ass turned bright red. "Ooooooohhhh, I'm close, don't slow down!" 

When I reached around and rubbed her clit she was pushed over the edge. She came with screaming, hip bucking and her pussy clenched around me. "I'm gonna cum too babe, turn back over." I pulled out again, she went on her back and I straddled her chest, stroking my old fellow ferociously. "You ready babe?" But before she could answer my cum shot out all over her perfect tits. A wad landed on her left breast, then another landed right on her chin which she smiled at and tried to lick up. When all was said and done, she had cum on both tits, her chin, and her collar bone. To my utter delight she ran her fingers over her body and licked it all up.

I cleaned the rest up with a t shirt I found on the floor, then collapsed next to her. She put her head on my chest and drifted off. I looked around and realized we never even made it to the bed.