 My cell phone buzzed. It was Diana. We had broken up a year ago when she had reneged on her promise to move north with me. But I knew she missed me. I hadn't talked to her in a while. She liked it when I pursued her. 

'Hi there. How are you doing?' She always started innocently. 

'I'm good. What's up?' I got right to the point. 

'I'm going to be in your area next week for a training session. I wondered if you would like to get together. If you're not traveling for work.'

'I'm here. I'm working at home next week, and I don't have Zaida next weekend.' I figured if she wanted to come by, maybe I could try the "take what you want" attitude she had wanted from me. 

We arranged to meet on Thursday night when she arrived. 

Thursday evening, Diana arrived at my place, wearing a long dress I had always liked, and she had freshened up her makeup before the trip. She was showing cleavage, my favorite part of her. 

"Hi there!" Diana exclaimed as she came in, approaching to hug me. 

I returned the hug with a simple "Hey.", then noticed the perfume. She was coming in to me. "You hungry?" I asked. 

"Not yet." She smiled at me. "It's good to see you."

I decided it was time to take what I wanted from her. I grabbed her shoulders and pulled her in to kiss her. She melted in my arms and returned the kiss. We explored each other's mouths with our tongues. It was like nothing had changed, while it felt new. I kissed her neck, and she kissed my ear, diving into my ear with her tongue. 

I cupped her large, natural, 36DD tits. They were soft, and her nipples responded to my touch. I began kissing down into her cleavage, noticing that she was pulling down her dress straps and unbuttoning her dress. Diana was wearing a lacy pink bra that accentuated her ample bosom. 

I pulled up her dress and reached between her legs. She wasn't wearing panties, and she had shaved her pussy. She was wet and ready for me. I began to touch her clit, hearing her whimper, which told me she wanted more. 

Diana unbuttoned my jeans and reached in, grabbing my hard cock, wanting to get it out, to spread her legs and feel me inside her. I fingered her harder, her whimpers turning to cries. 

"Oh god, Jesse. I love how you touch me. Get on top of me. Cum inside me." She was in too much of a hurry. 

I disobeyed. I kept fingering her clit while sucking her nipples, pulling voluminous amounts her breast into my mouth. Diana's breathing was short, forced, and she began to beg. 

"I need a break. Please Baby."

I knew what that meant. I started sucking the other breast while I pushed my fingers deeper into her pussy and titillated her clit with my thumb. Her hips began to buck. She tried to push me away. 

"Give me your hands." I ordered 

She complied. I restrained her hands with my free hand and continued sucking and finger fucking her. 

"Jesse, Baby! My love! I want you inside me. I need a break!"

"No. You'll do what I want, when I want."

Diana looked me in the eyes and smiled. "Yes, Baby. Whatever you want."

"Cum for me, Diana." I ordered. Her hips intensified their bucking, her juices flowed, and she lost her self-control. 

"Fuck me Jesse! Make me yours! Make me your sex slave. God I love it when you suck me!"

I felt her cunt gush and knew she was done. I smiled and stared at her, shivering, shaking, her breasts heaving. 

As she caught her breath, I knew it was time to plant my seed inside her. 

"Take off your dress for me. I want to watch you undress."

Diana complied, then stared at me, waiting for another order. I undressed and sat back down on the couch. "Suck my cock. I want to see you on your knees."

Diana complied, smiling. I knew she loved the taste of my cum. I grabbed a handful of her hair and guided her, pushing her head into my crotch. She sucked harder, and I felt my climax build. I put both hands on her head and pushed hard. She sucked my cock with all the strength she could muster, and I moved her head up and down. 

As my climax built, I shoved my cock deep into her throat, and she accepted me. She gagged briefly, then I exploded, forcing my seed into her mouth and throat. My eyes rolled into my head as I almost fainted in pleasure. 

As my cock went limp, she extricated herself from me. I enjoyed the sight of my cum dripping out of her mouth. She smiled at me. As Diana stood, I saw her tits sway and her shaved pussy glisten with her wetness. 

I wanted more.