 ---

More or less follows on from Audition, Studio Sex, and First Shoot although the intention is that it shouldn't be necessary to read those before this one (I don't know how successfully I carried that off). We switch from Myles' perspective to Colleen's and go through parts of the same stories again, so I've tried to avoid duplicating the dialogue where the stories overlap, but the narrative may read a little "summary" as a result - please let me know what you think.

---

The studio was busy as usual but Colleen didn't recognise anyone she knew well enough to stop and talk to, so she went straight to John's office when she got there. His assistant, Ruby, greeted her with her usual efficient (lack of) warmth as she came in, and waved towards the back office door. Colleen had been through this before so she was familiar enough with the routine, and although she found it a little clinical she had to admit it fitted in with the rest of the industry -- straightforward, to the point, get the job done, keep the frills and stress to a minimum. Besides, she had control of her own warmth factor and hardly ever needed anything external to influence her mood -- a quality she had discovered was quite rare in humans and almost unheard of in women. She never understood how people could let bad weather depress them, or get nauseous over blood and guts - she was fascinated by everything, and only influenced by anything she looked at, *if* she decided to let it affect her. It was a gift, she knew, and she valued it.

Inside the second office -- really more a waiting room - she quickly stripped and made herself comfortable on a couch, her neatly folded clothes piled next to her. Although she knew she would soon be getting jiggy with a sexy stranger, she had no need to touch herself. Being naked around other people was quite enough for her. Picking up a tablet computer from a corner table, she swiped its screen awake and started the word processor, then opened a new document on John's server. She looked at the clock, saw she should still have plenty of time before the appointment, so she picked up a magazine and flipped it open. Cosmo, what else, she thought with an internal smile, and flipped to the page advertised on the front cover for this month's sex article, "How to achieve multiple orgasm", ha ha I wonder if I can get any tips here she thought sarcastically, but skimmed it anyway. Nope - nope - nope, nothing new and they left out a whole lot of stuff besides. Oh well, might as well take the "How good a shag are you" quiz... no, wait! - the big-screen TV came alive at that moment and she was looking at the latest hopeful, sitting opposite John's desk in the office alongside. She tossed the magazine aside and started paying attention.

Hmm, not bad, she thought -- maybe not Ashton Kutcher, but definitely not bad. She was suspicious of the really pretty boys, anyway, had worked with a couple of them and found them arrogant and self-centred, selfish lovers who thought it was all about them. Most had learned a hard lesson or two at her hands, and most often it turned them whiney and peevish, which was hardly an improvement.

No, this boy was well-built without being one of those workout gorillas, handsome without being this year's answer to Brad Pitt, and had a nice, if nervous, smile. She especially liked his non-aggressive body language that spoke volumes about his self-image -- confident, without being pushy or conceited. He knows he's attractive without it being the beginning and end of his personality, she thought. A little stirring started in her belly and that made her eyebrows go up - interesting, that doesn't happen, she thought. Might have to watch myself here.

This next part was always amusing - John had just asked the new boy to take his clothes off, he always did that within the first two minutes and it always took them by surprise. He was standing by the agent's desk, nervously fumbling with his belt buckle and with that slightly hunted look in his eyes, now looking for somewhere to put his shirt, now fumbling with his shoelaces. All the time she studied his face, saw the internal conflict and watched critically to see how he dealt with it. And was very happy to see he handled it remarkably well. She had sat here watching probably 20 other guys go through the exact same process with varying degrees of success (oh my word, some of them couldn't keep their shit together at all) and so far this one seemed to be coping. Definitely the best of those she had seen, anyway, and by a good margin.

Then the pants came down and she gave a little gasp. Not because of his size, she was used to seeing all the big guys this industry could throw at her, but because he had undoubtedly the best-looking package she had ever seen, and in fact it wasn't *that* big anyway. Just enough... Beautifully proportioned, unblemished skin, relatively tight scrotum, slightly darker skin tone without being too much darker than the rest of him... well groomed and no ugly circumcision scars or ridiculous right-angle bends or ugly bumps, this was the first cock she had seen that she actually *liked* the look of while she was not aroused. That's one thing 99% of the world's males don't understand, she thought, not for the first time. Guys love looking at pussy, so they assume girls like looking at dick, and nothing could be further from the truth. Not until we are good and ready, boys, she wanted to tell them all, but of course no-one was listening. And if she was honest she would have to admit that, actually, he *was* quite nicely hung, too, but again not so large as to make her not look forward to what was going to happen later. Sometimes those cucumbers just had her inwardly groaning at the discomfort they brought.

Meanwhile John had finished scoping the candidate out. This part of the audition process for total newcomers was more about familiarising them with nudity in front of other guys, than about actually checking out their equipment which he of course had them send photos of in advance. The new guy was moving across to the bed in John's mini studio. Colleen reached for her TV remote and flipped channels to pick up the camera over the bed. It was a wonder no-one ever picked up the presence of those cameras, she marvelled, but it was understandable with the overwhelming amount of new stuff that was going on. Still, it made her feel a little guilty at the pleasure she got from watching them variously make fools or heroes of themselves - of course they knew and consented to being videoed at all times, but she seriously doubted that any of them realised they might be watched in real time in the audition which was after all designed to set them at ease and make them feel like no-one was really watching. Apart, that is, from the pot-bellied middle-aged agent in the room with them.

New Guy settled back on the bed and seemed to be relaxing a bit, even to pulling a pillow across and folding it to prop his head up so he could look down at himself. Colleen knew that the TV screens around the bed would be lighting up now, and probably showing some scene in which she had starred. John liked to do that to the noobies, just another test of their ability to take shock to the system when they later saw her walk off the screen, as it were, and into the bedroom. She could almost to the second tell when she (or some naked female, anyway) appeared on screen because that was when the cock she was looking at started to twitch and grow. Within seconds he was hard, with hardly any touching, the shape again pleasing her: a strong, throbbing member that stood away from his belly, a solid-looking purple glans that was noticeably but not hugely thicker than the shaft, and the shaft itself a decent girth, only slightly tapered, no left-right deviation, and a gentle backwards curve, with one or two wiggly veins but otherwise unmarked. His pubic patch was trimmed to a couple days' growth and the balls and everything else shaved clean. That's nice, she thought, please let him have a bit of a brain...

At this point she normally zoned out a little, because after all once you have seen one or two guys jack themselves off on a bed you have pretty much seen them all. And she had had her fill of that as a kid, peeking at her big brother through the gap between door and frame when he thought he was all alone in the house. That had swiftly lost its appeal, so she had been a little startled to discover when she had started working these gigs for John that she had the ability to get horny watching men masturbate.

Of course that had only lasted one or two sessions and she was back to being able to get completely detached about the events taking place next door. Colleen typed some notes about the subject under various headings -- genital appearance & size, body appearance, attractiveness, masturbation technique, speed and level of arousal, overall impression -- while looking up from time to time to see his progress with his current task. He appeared to be achieving his goal quite effectively, if not a little too enthusiastically she thought: he's only using two fingers on his cock, avoiding touching the head to prolong the whole experience. She knew John would have briefed him on just getting to the point, not trying for endurance or any other crowd-pleasing effects, so he was no doubt just going with whatever made himself most comfortable, but she couldn't help thinking that the longer he drew this out the harder -- er, no, more *difficult* - he was going to make it for himself in the second and third rounds. Well, no matter, one way or the other this is a test and if he passes it despite giving himself a bit of handicap, then so much the better for them all. If not, then so long and you gave it your best shot, Bud. Another pun.

In a short while she could sense a sea change. Recruit's hand was moving just a little faster, he had collected his own pre-cum lube and spread it all around the helmet head and was giving it a good polishing. There was a fine film of sweat on his face and she knew the climax was -- oh there it was. And not a disappointment either... someone a little less experienced might have taken the first watery dribbles for a weak ejaculation but Colleen recognised that this guy was just getting started with a whole load of pre-cum leakage, and she sat slightly forward on the couch to make sure she didn't miss any of what was going to happen.

From the second spasm there were thick, gooey ropes of semen flying all over his belly and chest. He shot and shot and shot and she lost count of the number of spurts -- spraying across himself, even getting a couple of drops on his own chin which she saw made him smile. His body was arched off the bed and his left hand had taken a bunch of sheet, making quite a mess of the bed. She always had the TV volume right down low because she had no interest in what the candidates had to say and of course knew very well what John always said, but nevertheless she heard this one's very vocal groaning and grunting during his orgasm. Nicely sincere, but might have to get him to try dial that back a bit, sometimes, maybe? Director's call, none of my business, I suppose.

Hmm. Definitely one of the best though, she thought as she sat back and made more notes under the existing headings and couple of new ones, "ejaculation" and "climax". Under "general" she added "looking forward to working with him" which she had never written before. 

By the time she finished, the noob had cleaned himself up a bit and John had given him his little pep-talk and sent him off to the bathroom for a shower, so quickly she read through her notes from the top, made a couple of corrections, deleted the last comment and saved the file so John could access it before going on to stage two. Putting the pad down, Colleen allowed herself to start thinking about what was next, and suddenly she realised -- oh, yes, running one finger along her slit, she was wet wet wet. She stood up and turned to look at the couch -- oh, dear, a tell-tale wet line. Oops, sorry John, but it'll dry before anyone else comes into this room and no-one is likely to notice it for a while, if ever. I hope. 

She dashed into the bathroom, had a quick pee and rinsed her pussy in the bidet then dried off on one of John's fluffy while towels. Might as well take advantage of the perks, and it wouldn't do to announce her status quite so openly on one of these jobs. Definitely wouldn't do her reputation any good... she laughed at herself. What reputation, Colleen? 

She glanced at the TV, saw that the subject had returned from his shower and was sitting on the edge of the bed. John was tapping at his computer, which meant he was probably cueing up the recording of the first part of his test and would be going through the scene with him. She flipped off the screen and stepped out of the room, past Ruby who barely lifted her eyes to acknowledge a hot, buck naked woman walking through her office, and slipped into John's office in time to hear the recorded recruit roaring his orgasm and watch the cumshot all over again. John said, "You signalled your climax well in advance, didn't you?" She winked at John who looked up briefly at her, and back at the bed.

She could see that the guy -- Myles Brooks, she now saw from the clapperboard that John had left on his desk -- was a little uncomfortable discussing his own performance but had nevertheless come a long way in just half an hour, because he was definitely not as stiff as he had been at the beginning of the interview. And he was starting to get -- er, stiff again, just from watching himself masturbate. That's a good sign, she decided. Both good signs, actually, the softening body language and hardening penis language. Very good signs.

Myles mumbled some response to John and she just stood there, out of sight but observing, while the two of them chatted. Then John concluded with, "OK, Myles, that was a pretty hot screen test. Now, next phase. Colleen here will be helping you with that - "

She almost burst out laughing when Myles' head whipped round, so fast she was reminded of whiplash jokes. But she kept her expression neutral, and then had to fight for composure all over again when she started seeing the shocked expressions crossing his face. First shock was seeing her total nakedness, second and more powerful shock was recognising her. His eyes involuntarily flicked back to the TV opposite the bed, but of course there was no longer any footage of her on it -- just a freeze-frame of the end of his own screen test. But he confirmed in his mind that Colleen was indeed the girl he had just jacked off to, and the third but, she was happy to see, smallest shock he registered was that he was naked and erect in full sight of her. His hand, which had been idly touching himself, had frozen half-covering his engorged member, but in a matter of seconds he recovered his composure and dropped the hand. The erection that had started ever so slightly to droop, now recovered fully and started twitching and straining upwards. She could even see the beginnings of a small drop of pre-cum oozing already.

Sometimes she talked to the noobs, if they looked as if they had promise but just needed a bit of calming or reassurance. But this one was quite self-assured so she just smiled and walked over to the bed, climbed up and tasted his juices with a fingertip. Yummy.

If there was one thing she had learned in this business it was boldness, especially with inexperienced wannabes, so she made a point of taking charge with them. To keep the guys from getting too cocky, she liked to give them a taste of their own medicine -- or their own fluids, in this case -- so, making sure she still had a good droplet of pre-cum on her lips, she engaged him in a passionate kiss, making sure she got it into his mouth.

Another test passed. Myles even seemed to enjoy the taste and was hugging her to him, their naked bodies holding his slippery schlong between them. She could feel him starting to try take control and get her underneath him, so quickly she made it clear that she was in charge by thrusting her twat in his face.

It was clear this suited him *just fine*. Within seconds he had her ramping up to a climax, his tongue teasing her clit while one finger entered her -- very wet -- vag. Oh God I'm losing control, she thought, WTF!, and collapsed on his chest, no longer able to hold herself up in the "limbo" position any more. Myles lost no time flipping her onto her back to complete the job he had started. He was now on hands and knees and had his face glued between her legs, his tongue penetrating her deeply while his nose nuzzled her clitty. Five seconds later she was climaxing from his breathing on the button, and gripped his head and pulled him tight into her. Ohhhh, this was soooooo good... it felt like she hadn't come for weeks, which was of course ridiculous, she came at least twice every day. This was absurd, a little part of her was saying, but she managed to ignore it and enjoy her orgasm.

But she was nearly suffocating Myles, so the next time he tried to extricate himself she let him, and when he raised his face to grin at her she pulled him up to her and kissed him instead. Ohhh -- her own smell and taste all over his face, it just made her wetter still. She pulled his nose into her neck and murmured in his ear to get it into her, she was now ready to explode with desire.

He positioned himself and was in her in one fluid movement. Oh, this one was good... she couldn't help it, she was still making mental notes, but this time she was a lot further from the notepad than usual. This guy was much more distracting than any of the others she had fucked for John, she thought, and then she stopped thinking. Myles was pounding into her, staring into her eyes from a mere foot away, which she found incredibly stimulating, and his cock was fast pushing her to the edge of another climax -- and then he withdrew quickly and it was gone. Noooo... but he quickly started eating her out again, while burying two fingers in her wet, wet snatch. Ahh, jeez -- this guy knew what he was doing. The tongue on her clitty was driving her wild... wilder... dimly she was aware someone was talking, but ignored it, she was working on a climax of note here and wasn't going to be distracted.

And then he was gone again. This time, coming back a little from the edge, she realised there was a little repositioning going on and took a deep breath. Whoa, girl, she told herself, getting a little unprofessional there? Hell, who cares - not John and certainly not Myles, as long as they get their screen test footage... he turned her onto her front and started stroking her butt and back. Oh, she had been there before -- the body worshippers -- she knew she had a good build and worked hard to keep it that way, but sometimes it was slightly annoying to be pawed like this.

Only sometimes. Not this time, not by this guy. He parted her legs and she could feel her pussy exposed to the air again. One or two finger strokes, lubricated by the juices she was producing copiously, and she expected him to hoick her up into the doggy position so she was quite surprised when he mounted her just like that, flat on her tummy. His cock was quite long enough to enter her, in fact get a good couple of inches into her, and the sensation was, well, different. She had never been taken in that position before. By grinding her hips back and forth she was able to alternately squash her clitty on the mattress and push her vagina onto the cock behind her, and quickly she found herself getting back to the climax she had thought was inevitable several minutes ago. 

Then suddenly she came. It was almost a surprise to reach orgasm quite so suddenly, and it was certainly a surprise just how intensely she climaxed. She turned her face into the bed to stifle her cries and tried to pull Myles deeper into herself, to raise her ass so he could penetrate deeper and plug her to the depths of her soul, but she didn't have the strength to fight his weight which was keeping her pressed flat to the mattress.
