 He sighed. Lt. Veeh's tiny hands had moved to his scalp, where she was doing God knows what. She had moved between his legs and was now so close the smell of her perfume was unbearable. Sitting on the examine room table slightly elevated he couldn't help but glance down at the collar of her scrubs. He saw skin, blue material. That eyebrow was raised inquisitively.

He tried his thousand yard stare, looking through her, beyond her, to the closed exam room door. She leaned in closer like she was examining his head wound. One tiny hand came to rest in his thigh, the other still picked at his scalp.

"Ma'am, this is not a good idea..."

He actually said the words, to a twenty something blondie, no less. And then his eyes rolled back a little when she moved that tiny hand further up his thigh. 

"Sergeant," she hissed back at him. "You are mistaken."

Sgt. Pole rested his hands on her surprisingly tiny waist. Beneath the scrubs he imagined perfect curves. He pulled the hips closer. She didn't pull away. He inhaled her scent, and he agreed he was not mistaken, although he still doubted. His kissed her anyway. Lt. Veeh didn't move a muscle. But she did part her lips and ever so slightly offer her tongue. The Staff Sergeant gripped her hips harder.

It was like someone set off a trip flare in the exam room. Disorientation. Heat, and fire, and hotness. And then it faded and Sgt. Pole felt hungry. He had no condom, but he knew what he would do.

He kissed her harder and she kissed back. The tiny hand was in his crotch, grabbing a bulge behind his utility trousers. He snaked a hand into her curls and exposed her neck. If he was a vampire he would have had dinner. Instead he started kissing her from her jawline to her collar bone. She moaned. Her tiny hand was squeezing the bulge like a turkey baster. He could imagine those little fingers wrapped around his hardness, skin against skin.

"The door," he said.

"Don't worry—" she responded.

"The door," he said again and got up from the examining table pushing her backwards. He walked her back until she was pinned against the door. They couldn't lock it. There were no locked doors in a military field hospital, but at least no one would come in without them knowing it. 

He continued to kiss her, twisting and turning her head with his hands so he could eat one side of her face and then the other. She tasted good. Soft and fresh and clean, maybe...orange. Something sweet he couldn't be sure. He gave up as soon as the tiny hands starting working at his belt buckle.

"Sergeant," she commanded, "...get these off."

Sgt. Pole was not about to take his pants off, officer or no officer. Not without her being naked first. He found the bottom of the scrub blouse and started pulling it up and over her abs. 

"I don't think so---" she denied. He thought it was over when the tiny hands came off the bulge and pulled the blouse back down. But then she turned on him and presented her backside and she leaned into the exam door. She rubbed up against him and he started on the buckle himself. He saw white skin just below a tan line, and briefly wondered what kind of underwear hot blonde Navy nurses wore in a combat zone. He leaned over her.

"Lieutenant, make sure that door---"

"Shut up Marine."

He did, and dipped a finger into the front of her pants, while he dropped his trousers behind her. His fingers found her slit, warm and wet under high cut cotton panties. She was bare to his touch, at least that he could tell. Bare and wet and warm. Her clit was a like a little peanut running in circles. The more he tried to touch her the more she pushed her ass into him and squirmed. 

"Hurry..."

He found her button and teased. She moaned, leaned forward, hands outstretch against the door, and arched her back. Head down, head up, hair tossing. She squirmed so he lost the spot, but then reacquired it. "Hurry..." she pleaded again.

Lt. Veeh came off the door panting and partially bent over. She started working her scrubs and panties off her hips. Only when they were at her ankles did she have enough leg room. She fell back against the door. Sgt. Pole eyed her bottom, and the bent over blonde nurse. Perfect shape, perfect smooth white skin that ran right up to that tan line at her waist. With one hand on her shoulder and the other on his cock he fished for the entrance to her pussy. It took him just one pass. Maybe it was her height, or the bent over position against the door, but either way Sgt. Pole sunk right into her. "Oh yeah."

He started grinding into her. She started pushing back. She was positively gripping him. She should have been gripping the door, except there was nothing to hold onto, so she just kept her palms pressed open against the laminate. Every time he bottomed out in her she gave a soft little grunt and an extra pump back against him. "Oh my God....keep going..."

He now had both hands on her shoulders and was forcing himself up into her. Her small frame was arched like a bow, and he was laid into her, drawing in and out of her. 

He felt the build up and slowed his pace slightly, driving deeper. She mistook it for him backing off, and started wiggling against him on the down stroke. "No—keep—"

The second time he drove into her, she realized what he was doing, and she shut her mouth and grunted approval. He started sawing into her sex. She came onto the balls of her feet as he drove into her. Her chanting started. "Oh yea, oh yeah..."

He told himself he would wait, because he was a gentleman, but then he remembered she was a Navy nurse and this was Afghanistan, and any second someone could come through the door and...

"Oh Jesus, I'm c-cumming..." she hissed.

He dug deeper and curled a bicep around her little neck. It was an animal, instinctual maneuver, the Marine coiling around the smaller woman as he drove into her. She was exactly what the doctor ordered. Medicine for eleven months, twenty six days, and seventeen hours on the ground In Country. 

He felt it building. There was pleasure beginning below his balls, that warming tingling feeling was growing within him now. He knew he was trembling. He couldn't be sure what was happening to her. She was on her toes, and she was tight. That's all he knew. It sounded like she might be choking. Her head was thrown back and her mouth was open, like she was frozen in a scream. He was so close.

Exam Room #3 had gone silent. There was no noise between either of them. No one breathed. Little Lt. Veeh thrust against him once, twice, and then Sgt. Pole came all over her ass. 

She spoke first as she slumped against the door. "Holy shit..."

He stepped back from her, his dick wet with fluids and surveyed her. She had bent over even further try to grab her clothes. Her forehead was against the door, scrubs and panties at her feet, small pearls laid along her ass crack. She looked spent, confused, while she fumbled for her pants. SSgt Lowe felt exhausted. But thankfully, at least one of his heads had finally stopped hurting. He grinned at her and seeing that out of the corner of her eye, she started to giggle.

Just then the door opened and Lt. Veeh took a crack to the head that made even a Marine wince.