 Paula Flowers had proven her good work ethic time and time again. She was always on time, always efficient in her use of both time and supplies, and she was well liked my the other employees. She was physically attractive, 5'7', 138#, blonde with green eyes. Her breasts were a delightful 38D, and she didn’t mind showing them a little. To top it all off, though, she had a wonderful, warm smile, that she freely shared with one and all.

She had been working very hard for the last several weeks. She knew a position was coming available, and she wanted it. She did everything she could think of the earn that position and to impress the masterful CEO for whom she desired to work. Finally, he had given her an appointment time ... today, at 11 am. 

Her stomach was in her mouth as she showered and primped herself to look her very best. Her hair looked great. Her makeup, not overdone, but flattering her features looked great. She had decided on a colorful dress, although she teetered on the brink of changing her mind toward a more conservative business suit. “What the heck,” she thought. “I might as well GO for it.” She smeared a sweet, fragrant lotion on her arms, her shoulders, her ample breasts, and across her belly. More lotion was applied to her hands then smeared up her shapely legs. As a confidence booster, she was wearing a purple lace thong and bra set that she had splurged on just last week. Finally, the dress itself was slipped over her head. It was a fine silk dress of deep purples and pinks in a flowery pattern. The v- neck bodice displayed a generous amount of her cleavage as it fell to a few inches above her knees. She was nicely tanned, so skipped the hose. All she needed was a snag to worry about. She had one pair of 2 inch heals that she wore with just about everything. She was strikingly attractive. 

She continued her preparations and left for the office. Her first cup of coffee hit the spot, and she felt ready and alert, though her confidence faltered. As the others arrived at the office, she received a few compliment on how great she looked ... several wished her LUCK. 

“Merciful heavens,” she whispered to herself. “Breathe ,,, breathe. Be brave. Be confident. You can DO this job. You can impress Mr Wirth. You are ready, and you have earned this promotion.” She heaved a sigh. It was time. 

She walked into Mr Wirth’s office promptly at 11 am. His temp directed her to have a seat, that he’d be right with her. She sat and closed her eyes, mentally revisiting her checklist. Subjects to be discussed included of course salary and benefits, time off, and various perks. He interrupted her thoughts, and invited her into his office.

She had not seen his office before, but was favorably impressed. It was tastefully done in leathers and soft earth tones, though the walls were painted a pale blue. “Yes, she thought to herself, authority is worn here.”

“Hello, Ms Flowers, nice to meet you.” He held out his hand to shake hers, but kissed her hand as her hand was received.

“Thank you, Sir. The pleasure is mine, Sir.” She strained to look into his eyes. 

“Have a seat, dear,” he said in a gently, fatherly tone. He indicated a soft, leather sofa. She sat deep into it, and it hugged up around her. Her cleavage became even more evident, and she blushed as she caught Mr Wirth taking it in. 

“So, Ms Flowers, tell me about yourself.” he said as he leaned back in his big business throne, locking his fingers behind his head, and crossing his feet on his massive antique desk. 

“Sir, I am a college grad from Radcliffe, with a BS in business. I have worked here for 8 years, Sir, and have called off only twice, Sir. I am efficient and professional, diligent and loyal, Sir.” She smiled.

“You also have a lovely smile.” He replied, and returned her smile. He stood and walked over to the sofa, and sat carefully at the other end of it. “All you’ve told me is in your resume. Now tell me about YOU.” He spoke softly, but with authority. 

“Sir, ask what you will. I do not know what you wish to know, Sir.”

“Very well. Are you married, Ms Flowers?”

“No, Sir”

“Do you have a boyfriend?”

“No, Sir.” she answered but was indeed puzzled at this line of questioning.

“Do you date, at least?”

“Yes, Sir ... I go out once in a while with friends.”

“No dear, what I’m trying subtly to ask you is if you are getting any?”

She blushed. “Not for several months, Sir.”

“Perfect,” he replied with a chuckle and laid his hand on her knee. “Now answer me this. In this day and age, are you one who would scream ‘harassment’ if I approached you sexually? I would certainly never force you to do anything or punish your employment status for non-compliance. I am just curious about your stand.”

“Sir, that’s a complicated question. I’m not sure sexual relationships between employee and employer and a wise idea, Sir. On the other hand, I am not in a position to rule them out, either, Sir. I think in most cases, simple communication can solve any misunderstandings that might arise.”

“Excellent answer, Ms Flowers. Please, will you get me some coffee.” He walked back around the office to the other side of his desk and sat in his chair. She stepped out to get the coffee, turned and carefully set it on his desk. She made a point of bending over far enough to display her beautiful cleavage. He was apparently, pleased with what he saw. Almost immediately, she noticed a tent forming in the front of his slacks. She smiled and sat back on the sofa. This time, though, she was careful to NOT tuck her dress under her, but again, tugged on her dress pulling it down so the only thing not showing was her nipples. She tilted her head up to look him in the eye. He smiled in reply. 

“Very nice, Ms Flowers.”

“Thank you, Mr Wirth. Will there be anything else, Sir?”

“Yes, Ms Flowers, as a matter of fact. I need a file from tat box on top of the cabinet.  Are you able to reach it for my, please, and bring it here?”

“Of course, Sir,” she said as she walked to the designated cabinet. She had to stand on tippy toes and stretch to reach the box. As she did, of course, her dress rode up till the bottom of her sweet, round bum hung from under the dress’ hem. She lifted the box down, set it on the floor, aiming her bottom right at him. 

“Ms Flowers, you have demonstrated a willingness above and beyond all your competition. I will notify personnel that you are now my assistant. You will assume the position on Monday with all due salary and benefit upgrades. Now, bend over like that again!”

“Yes, Sir, “ she chuckled. Once again, she bent over to expose her thonged bottom to him. 

“Yes, Ms Flowers. This arrangement has definite possibilities. You have a magnificent ass, and your chest is a bountiful hidden treasure. I will certainly enjoy exploring the assets you bring to this company and to this office.”

She turned to hand him the file he had requested. “Mr Wirth, I feel as long as we are open and up front, this arrangement can certainly be mutually satisfying.” To his further surprise, as she spoke, she undid her blouse and pickup up his hands and placed them on her lovely mounds. Almost involuntarily, his hands responded and began to fondle her tits and twist her plump nipples. Just as quickly, her hand found the bulge in his pants and simply pressed against him. She felt his stiffening under her attention. With a quick kiss on his lips, she dropped to her knees and began to service his muscle manually and orally. He leaned against his desk for much-needed support as she sucked, licked, and kissed his pulsating penis. His fingers absently tickled her nipples as she served his need. It was not long before he was ready to fire. He pulled her against him, and she took him deep into her throat. Suddenly, her mouth was filled with blast after blast of his hot milky cream. She drank it all, but for a few drops that escaped her talented lips. He handed her his handkerchief, and she wiped her mouth. 

“Thank you, Sir. Unless you refuse, I will do this for you every morning while you drink your coffee, and every evening before you leave for the day. Will that be acceptable, Sir?’

“No doubt there will be room for negotiation, is that correct?”

“Yes Sir, of course. I am eager to please you every way I can.”

“Ms Flowers, you have the job!” He declared and chuckled. Now, tuck in your breasts and I’ll see you in the morning. Well done, Ms Flowers.”

“Thank you, Sir.”