 This is a story of adventure, suspense, titillation, excitement and sensuality. It uncovers subtle, expressive and passionate relationships. It is slow and progresses steadily. Those interested in only hard porn, may please move elsewhere. Part one is the beginning of this three part series. 

*****

I am Sunil. I was working for an international media company as a political journalist. I was 35 years old and my wife, Sunita, was about 32 at the time when this story developed. We had rented a flat in an army colony and had moved in a short while ago.

Colonel Jaswant Singh and his wife, Jyoti, made a nice couple. They lived in the block opposite to ours. The husband, Col. Jaswant Singh, was a retired army colonel. (We shall address him as the Col. in this story). He was in the commando group and was engaged on various fronts. He was considered an expert in anti-terrorist and anti-guerrilla warfare operations. He retired and started a successful security agency business. Over a period of time, his business grew to the extent, that his staff was able to manage the affairs of the business well. That left the Col. enough time for golf and some other social activities. His wife Jyoti was an attractive woman.

The Colonel and I did not know each other for quite some time; until that fateful evening. He came to our flat to ask me to move my parked car; which blocked his car. My wife Sunita and I were sitting in our drawing room watching TV. We had seen the Colonel earlier and knew that he lived in the next block opposite to ours. As soon as we saw him at the door, Sunita and I got up. We welcomed him and before he could say anything, we requested him to make himself comfortable first and sit on the sofa. 

Sunita made tea quickly and offered it to him. The Colonel was angry, when he landed at our door. However, he was disarmed at seeing our reception. He kept looking at my wife for some time. He seemed more than impressed looking at her. He was rather surprised at our welcome and hesitantly accepted the tea. When I apologized for the inconvenience caused to him by my careless parking. He brushed aside the need for an apology and invited us for a cup of coffee in the evening at his house the next day. 

Actually, our flats, which were opposite to each other, enabled a view of the other's drawing room. If we chose, we could even talk, standing close to the windows of our flats. We had seen him and his wife earlier; but had not been introduced. We accepted his invitation. Our visit to his flat started a chain of mutual visits that led to a memorable friendship, association and a lot more. 

We were quite impressed with his mannerism and his personality. Although he said that he had retired from the armed forces, he hardly looked older than us. Sunita felt that perhaps, he must have taken a premature retirement. He stood tall and had no flab on him. His smile was infectious. 

The Colonel's wife Jyoti was an attractive woman. She was thin and fairly tall for an Indian woman. She spoke well, was well qualified and was fond of reading. She wore smart dresses and did not have to make an effort to attract attention. She had bright white teeth which shined as she smiled. She carried herself with dignity. She had her hair cut short and wore slacks, jeans and loose shirts or tops. Her face was typically round with dimples decorating her cheeks. 

She had a pretty nose and her eyes always looked mischievous to me. Her breasts jutted out of her dress prominently. They were full, ripe 'C' cup size; but shapely and always invited men's stares. Her hips curved out of her waist line. She certainly had a figure to stare at. At the cost of being called impertinent by my wife several times, I found it difficult to avoid taking my eyes off her whenever we met. 

I began to develop fancy for her and dreamt of fucking her in my dreams. I loved her juicy melons and creamed out in bed fantasizing of squeezing and sucking those lovely, ripe and sumptuous globes. I suspected that many times, she deliberately wore revealing dresses and posed so as to give me better view of her breasts. Once when I went to her flat for some work, she made me wait and returned after changing into a skimpy dress. She made me sit, offered me tea and gave me titillating poses of her boobs, ass and navel; pretending as if all her actions like bending, turning, raising hands etc. were accidental. She sat in the chair opposite me gently exposing breath taking views of her thighs and the cavity between them covered by a tiny panty. Needless to mention that she was driving me crazy. I knew that she also liked me and perhaps fancied me. 

The Colonel's situation was not much different. The very first time, when the Colonel landed in our flat for asking us to move our car; he was swept away by my wife Sunita's charms. Perhaps that was the reason why instead of complaining about my wrong parking, he landed up inviting us to his home and took initiative to befriend us. 

My wife Sunita was well filled unlike Jyoti. She was curvaceous and stood slightly shorter than Jyoti, at about 5 ft. 4 inches. My wife almost always wore sarees. I liked her to wear a saree, because I felt that a saree is sexually more stimulating than other dresses; if worn rightly. In case of urgency, I could have a quick session with her simply by raising her saree and petticoat. No need for removing any garments. 

By nature, I was and am a flirt and perhaps a bit of pervert in the eyes of an average person. I loved to experiment and enjoy sex. When we married, my wife Sunita was conservative as far as sex was concerned; like any normal Indian woman. It took me a while and a lot of efforts to make her realize that sex is just not a woman's duty to her husband for making babies; sex is also to be enjoyed. After partially succeeding in these efforts, I was able to have sex with her in different positions, make her orgasm and make her wear more revealing dresses. 

I loved her to wear saree in the way that excited one's imagination. After my endless persuasion, she learnt to wear saree revealing her navel and abdomen; tying the knot such that exposed her body and invited stares from men. I made her wear blouses and bra that accentuated her lovely globes. Not that they needed any promotion. I made her overcome her initial inhibition on partially exposing her body. However, her enthusiasm ended there. 

I had this secret perversion (as most people would like to call it) of my wife and me enjoying sex together with another well endowed male. This is known as threesome. Not that I would not love to fuck an attractive woman together with my wife. However, I thought it to be a farfetched possibility. When it was so tough even to get my wife to agree to accept another male in our bedroom, the chances of her accepting another woman was virtually impossible. Add to this, the challenge of getting another woman to agree to join us in bed! Well, that could just be a fantasy and nothing more.

I began to work on my wife to make her fantasize for a man other than me during our love making sessions. I began to toss names of her ex college mates and ex colleagues or names of some of the people we knew. I even inquired if she had any male friends with whom she had some outings, who tried to woo her. She made it clear that she had never entertained even a thought, leave aside fantasy, for any man; who might have tried to woo her in the past. List of such men, she told me, was not small. After strong initial resistance, she yielded to hear my talking about some known or imaginary men, as her possible lovers, but only as a fantasy.

The Colonel invited us to his army club and entertained us well. He was full of chivalry. He was very graceful and paid special attention to my wife Sunita. He told us that we should pay due respect to our ladies. Sunita not only liked his gestures, but talked appreciatively about them to me. I saw a ray of hope there. 

Similarly, the Colonel desired that I should show the same courtesies to his wife Jyoti. He was pleased to let me escort his wife out of the car, to let her sit next to me and to let me talk to her at length. I didn't mind it at all and I felt that neither did my wife. By that time, the Colonel's wife Jyoti and my wife Sunita had become good friends. I loved escorting her or offering her a chair before I sat. 

Sunita found the Colonel very likable and found his company entertaining. She liked the way he chaperoned her. For me, this was a welcome development. I suppose I was also able to establish a good rapport with the Colonel's wife Jyoti; who I guessed, was more adventurous than my wife. 

We met generally on weekends. Sometimes the Colonel took me alone to his club during the week. He and I drank beer until 10 pm. He told me of his time in the army, how he fought a war and sweet moments during his service period. One day I could not avoid asking him if it was true that army officers flirted with each other's wife. The Colonel was surprised at my question; but admitted that it was not uncommon. However, it happened under cover, discreetly. As I knew the Colonel more, I realized that with his greater association, my pervert side was itching to surface. 

There was another reason for it. I noticed that the Colonel looked for an opportunity to see or meet my wife, to talk to her and to get as close to her as possible. He tried to be subtle about it. I did not miss it, however.

During one of the casual chats, I told the Colonel that Sunita was preparing for an exam and had some difficulties in maths. When the Colonel heard it, he jumped at the opportunity. He immediately offered his service to coach her. He said that he was very good in maths and always passed with distinction in the subject. When I told my wife Sunita about this, she was thrilled. She told me to accept his offer immediately. 

The Colonel started to coach Sunita in the evening every alternate day. Usually he came alone. Sometimes, he came with his wife Jyoti. When he came with her, she and I would sit in the drawing room watching the TV, or talked about nothing in particular. The Colonel taught my wife in our bedroom. He preferred not to teach her in my presence. My wife Sunita made it a point to leave the bedroom door open for anyone to come in, if necessary. 

At times it happened that, when the Colonel came, Sunita was busy in the kitchen. The Colonel then, made it a point to join her in the kitchen. He sat there on a stool and watched her work. He would wait patiently for her to finish her work and then commence coaching. My wife appreciated his tolerance for the delay on account of her preoccupation. I was sure the Colonel was utilizing the time, enjoying the sight of my wife at work. He sat on a stool behind her watching the movement of her buttocks when she moved in the kitchen and her cleavage, when she bent to fetch something. I would surely have done much more if I was in his place. 

One night, at bed time, I asked Sunita how her studies were going. Sunita was all praise for the Colonel. She said that he was indeed an expert in maths and she loved the way he taught her with endless patience.

In our early marriage days, Sunita and I had a pretty good sex life. However, it petered out after we had a child. Stormy sex sessions were becoming rarity. I did not remember when we had one in the last four years. However, the company of Singhs injected some element of interest and excitement in our bed time talk. In the night, when I wanted her to be active in sex, I would mention the name of the Colonel in a casual manner. Our dialogues one night went somewhat like this.

I asked her, "How do you find the Colonel? He is really well built and strong. He told me that he fought five terrorists single handed, in a hand to hand combat in Kashmir."

She came closer to me and nuzzled her head into my chest lovingly as she responded murmuring, "He is strong and handsome. He has been decorated in the army also for his gallantry. He is gentlemanly and polite with me."

I chided her and said, "But I have seen him staring at your boobs many times, when you are not looking." 

"Of course, at times I have seen him staring at me and at my body with a particular look. Any woman can understand when a man looks at her with that hungry look. But then he has so far not even touched me with wrong intentions; although he could have done it under some pretext. Therefore I don't know if my judgement of him is correct or not." She cuddled me and dug her nails into my back pressing her body hard against mine.

I was on the defensive, "Well, let us presume that he looked at you with desire in his eyes. The question is which man would not look at a beautiful and sexy woman like you with lust? Darling, you are a very desirable woman. You know it well. I feel like doing something to you by just looking at you. Whenever I see you, I always want to undress you and fuck you. So what is his fault? It only shows that he is a man with virility." 

I knew that all women love to believe that they are beautiful and attractive to men. My wife was no exception. She really was desirable and beautiful. 

Sunita readily agreed with me whilst also attacking me, "Well, you are right. All men are like that. When you look at me at times, I see a wolfish look in your eyes. Well, to be fair to him, he is better than you."

"Are you disappointed that he is not like me?" I asked her.

Sunita got a bit cheesed off, "What do you mean?"

I said patiently, "Have you ever thought why he spends so much of his time teaching you? I wonder what his wife is thinking."

Sunita was thoughtful. She looked at me and asked, "Do you think his wife feels jealous? At times, even I have wondered, why does the Colonel spend so much of his time teaching me? Should I ask him?"

"No. You would be a silly woman to ask a question like that. Why would a young smart man want to spend time with a young, smart and beautiful woman?" I tried putting a thought in her mind.

Sunita blushed. Then she looked at me with a question mark on her face and asked, "Do you think he is trying to woo me or something? I have found him to be a decent gentleman."

I tried to be simplistic, "I think he likes to spend time with you. May be he feels attracted to you."

There was an expression of irritation on her face as she asked, "Don't talk nonsense. On second thought, I hope you are not telling me all this to divert my attention from the fact that you like to spend time with his wife Jyoti? Is that true?" 

I was again on the back foot, "Well, Jyoti is of course an attractive woman. We get along well. But the situation that we have to spend some time together is not of my choice. However, if you do not like my sitting with Jyoti, then I shall stop seeing her."

Sunita placed a finger on my lips and said, "Nonsense. Why should I stop you? I am not at all jealous. You are my husband and nothing can change that. Jyoti is the Colonel's wife. That is final. So what is there to worry about? Do you remember that you told me once about your affair with a girl in your college days? Both of you had even decided to marry. Since you both were so close, it is very likely that you might have had some sexual relation with her also at that time. But then what happened? We got married and that affair lapsed into history. If you enjoy Jyoti's company and she enjoys yours, why shouldn't you two spend some good time together? Why should I complain? Besides I know Jyoti too well. She loves her husband very much." I was surprised beyond words at her such a generous analysis of the situation. Obviously this bode well for my plans.

Sunita paused and then asked, "But tell me frankly. Do you think that I should stop learning from the Colonel? I feel that you have some issues with it. You don't like him staring at my body. Is it not?"

The dialogue was heading in a direction that I disliked. I had not only to nip it in the bud, I had to give a positive direction to it. I said, "Not at all. I definitely want you to continue to learn. Don't even think of discontinuing it. On the contrary, I would like to add something. According to our culture, the teacher or Guru is like next to God. To learn properly, the first thing you must do is to treat your Guru as if he is God and should never find faults in him. To learn well you must fully accept the teacher and obey him in all respects. Without that you can't learn." I paused and looked at her. She was listening attentively. 

I resumed, "I feel that his looking at your body or occasionally flirting with you by touching you means that he is seriously interested in you. It is a sign that he perceives you as person close to him. It's a welcome sign and if such a thing happens, you should be happy and you should show that you are happy. Your happiness will energize him to teach you better and give all that he has got. For a man, it is a natural urge to touch a voluptuous and desirable woman like you. Am I right or not?" I paused and looked at my wife for her reaction. I knew her answer. Any woman after such lavish praise would not disagree. She was listening to me intently. She nodded her head.

I continued pampering her ego, "He cannot be faulted for it. After all, you are a very beautiful and sexy woman and he is a normal strong and virile man with manly instincts. I must admire his restraint that he has so far not flirted with you. Perhaps he is afraid that you will react negatively. Otherwise, he would have swept you off your feet. You see he was in the army and there, ladies do not mind men touching them or mildly flirting with them. I think so far he does not feel free with you. He should feel free with you so that he teaches you with all his heart. He needs to know that you are not averse to his touching or flirting."

She asked me, "Well, you are right. He has been very gentlemanly so far. Perhaps he may have some fear in his mind. But then, what can I do about it?"

I smiled like an expert and offered a generous solution to her problem . "What you need to do is to intentionally touch him once in a while and express your affection in order to make him realize that you do not mind him touching you. I feel that at least, he is entitled to that, if he sacrifices so much time for you."

My wife Sunita thought for a while on what I told her, nodded her head and said earnestly, "I appreciate your advice. I think you are right. But such a situation has never arisen. If it arises, I shall have to understand his feelings and respect it; rather than take it negatively. And yes, I should be extra friendly to him and try to make him feel wanted by touching him occasionally and welcome his flirting. Darling don't worry, I shall follow your advice. I am thankful for your selfless interest in my studies. I know I must improve my maths and do well in my coming exams." She became emotional and I could see a tear in her eyes. I patted her back sympathetically.

I was deviously pleased at my success. That was the first time that I felt that I managed to plant an amorous thought for the Colonel in my wife's mind. She seemed to have absorbed it. We had rollicking sex that night. I knew that the thought of the Colonel looking at her body with lust or flirting with her, excited her. I felt good for her.

One evening, when the Colonel was teaching my wife, I entered the bedroom and began talking with both in a casual way. I asked the Colonel if she was a good student. Without waiting for his reply, I told him that if she did not study well, he could spank her bottom or pinch her waist. I demonstrated it by spanking her bottoms once and by taking the Colonel's hand and placing it on my wife's waist and making him pinch her waist to show how he could do it.

Sunita blushed profusely, whilst the Colonel looked somewhat ill at ease. However, Sunita looked at the Colonel encouragingly and said, "Of course, he is my teacher and if I am a bad student, he has the right to punish me."
