 Sandra been working as a pool secretary at Logan Distributing Incorporated for just over two months when word began leaking out that the secretarial pool was going to be cut to near nothing because of computerization. The late owner, old Mr. Logan, had resisted stubbornly the idea of relying upon machines to do what people could do quite well, thank you. It had taken her nearly a year to find this job and she was just to beginning to pay off bills which she had accumulated over the period of her unemployment. 

Her parents out in the country had mocked her for wanting to come to the city to work. They had said that she couldn't make it, that she wasn't smart enough or tough enough to deal with city people and pressures. Not being able to find a job and having little in the way of real qualifications, she had nearly gone back home in defeat when, at last, she finally landed this job. She had since vowed that nothing was going to send her back home until she could go home victoriously.

Friday morning late, Mr. Murray, the general manager, began calling secretaries into his office. First, was Emma, middle-aged lady who had worked at the company for 22 years. After about 30 minutes in his office, Emma came out red-eyed and puffy faced, obviously having been crying. Still sobbing softly occasionally, she quickly cleaned out her desk. When the other secretaries went to her to comfort her and find out what had happened, she simply told them that she had been let go because of corporate down-sizing. About that time, the intercom called for Sarah, another longtime employee to go into Mr. Murray's office. Thirty minutes later the same scenario was carried out. 

Just before lunch, Janie, a chubby, infectiously happy, one year secretary was called in and released. Everyone in the secretarial pool was on edge and Sandra was near panic. 

Just as the lunch chime sounded, her was name called and her heart sank into her heels. She got up with tears already beginning in her eyes and reported to the head secretary who told her quietly to report to young Mr. Logan, the late old man's 40 year old son who was now president of the company. She wondered why she was being called to his office instead of Mr. Murray's but she timidly presented herself in his office to the lovely, young receptionist there. She buzzed Mr. Logan on the intercom and sent Sandra straight in. 

Mark Logan was a handsome, well-built man with the self-confident ways belonging to one who has always been a winner. A star athlete in high school, a social and academic standout in college, married to a lovely woman, the father of three beautiful kids and the new owner and president of Logan Distributing Inc., he certainly had everything a man could want. 

When Sandra entered his office, Mr. Logan was sitting behind his enormous desk reading some papers. He looked up and gestured to a chair in front of his desk. Sandra sat down and waited with her heart sinking into the void in the pit of her stomach.

After a short eternity, Mr. Logan looked up and said, "I have good news and bad news -- and this is not a joke!

"Sandra, your current position is, regrettably, being phased out of our operations as are many others which have outgrown their usefulness given our current level of technology. I'm sure you've noticed that several of your fellow secretarial pool workers have already been dismissed. That's the bad news.

"I'm sure, also, that you've heard that my executive assistant has been dismissed as well as my personal secretary," he continued. 

"Are you aware of what services they rendered to me, Sandra?" he asked. When no indication was given by Sandra, he inquired, "Have you heard the rumors as to why they were terminated?"

After a moment of furious mental assessment, Sandra quietly said, "No sir. I haven't heard."

"Sandra," he said with exasperation in his voice, "that answer either qualifies you as a liar or as someone who is hopelessly out of touch with what is going on in this company -- neither of which I'm in the market for. Instead of asking you which is the case, I'm going to ask for clarification on whether or not you've heard the rumors as to why those two ladies were fired from my personal staff."

Quickly now, Sandra replied fearfully, "Well, yes sir, I have heard some rumors but I didn't give them any credibility."

With a hint of a smile of his face, Mark Logan queried her, "What was the exact cause that the rumors are saying led to the two ladies being released?" 

With her mind whirling with indecision, Sandra finally answered, "The rumors say that they didn't live up to your expectations."

With a snort of a laugh, Mr. Logan replied, "That' very diplomatic, but you're going to have to do better than that. What exactly are the rumors saying about their firing."

Resignedly, Sandra answered, "The rumors say that you used both women for sex, especially when they traveled with you and that they were fired because they refused to have sex with some clients that you told them to entertain. But I never believe rumors, Mr. Logan!" she hastened to explain.

Without blinking an eye, Mark Logan said, "The rumors are correct on both accounts."

After hesitating for a moment which was filled with shocked silence, he continued. "Both of those ladies knew that sex was part of the bargain when they signed on with me, making much, much more than any of you in the secretarial pool or any other executive assistants around. They were let go when they refused to fulfill my desires."

After letting that information settle in Sandra's mind, he again spoke. "The position of executive assistant is now open. My executive assistant is responsible for making sure that my travel arrangements are made, that I have all of the necessary information regarding clients and business arrangements, and that I have all of the information necessary for negotiations to go as smoothly as possible. If necessary, she may be part of the negotiated settlement, on a very short term basis, of course. She usually travels with me, as does my personal secretary, and they are both responsible for seeing to my personal needs and desires. When those needs and desires relates to others, so be it! 

"My new executive assistant will, of course, be responsible for getting a new personal secretary to fill the vacant spot on my staff and will be in charge of my office and business affairs."

He waited for several seconds and then added, "Sandra, your old job is now gone, but I'm offering you the position as my executive assistant if you want it. I want you to make your decision with your eyes wide open, so if you have a question about what that means, ask now."

Sandra knew that taking the job meant becoming Mark Logan's personal toy and sexual pawn -- in essence, his personal whore. On the other hand, she desperately needed the job and would be making more than she ever dreamed, not to mentioned being bedded regularly by one of most sought after "hunks" around.

Embarrassedly and with her eyes downcast, Sandra timidly spoke, "Mr. Logan, I'm not a virgin but I'm also not very experienced. I don't think I would be very good for what you want. I need the job but I just don't think that I'm good enough at sex for you."

While she was speaking, Mr. Logan's eyes were glued on her. Those eyes roamed from her shoulder-length hair past her lovely face, down a delectable figure to marvelous legs. When she was finished with her speech, he laughed and said, "Sandra, look at me."

When she had looked up and into his eyes, he continued, "Knowing what you know about the requirements of this job, if I think you qualify and if I would teach you what you need to learn, do you want the job? Yes or no!"

Sandra thought a minute about the implications of the answer that she had almost blurted out. If she took the job, she would not only be a normal executive assistant, a tough job which she had never done before, but she would also be his mistress, on call whenever and wherever he pleased.

On the other hand, she could return home soon in triumph with a legitimate job, a good car, nice clothes and plenty of money to show her family and everyone in town that she was worth something more that being a hill-billy's wife.

If she had stayed home, or didn't take this job and had to move back home, she would probably end up marrying some pig farmer that she didn't even love, much less like, and screwing him whenever he wanted it on top of raising his brood and keeping his shack.

"Yes sir! If you think that I can do the job and if you'll teach me what I need to know -- I would love to have the job!" she said more firmly than she had said anything in a long time.

"Excellent!" he said with excitement. "Your pay will be $1000 a week with most of your traveling clothes and all of your traveling expenses paid. There will be generous bonuses of cash and other nice things for jobs particularly well done, not to mention little gifts of appreciation and affection that some of our clients will see fit to bestow on you." 

When Mr. Logan mentioned the salary, Sandra nearly lost her breath. When he continued with the other benefits, she nearly cried for joy. She felt like rushing around the desk and hugging his gorgeous neck.

"Tomorrow morning," he continued, "I want you to report to Rene's Boutique on 42nd Street for a complete outfitting. In the meantime, think if there are any other women in the secretarial pool who can do the job of executive secretary, who have the looks and figure to appeal to me and other men, and who would accept the requirements of that job. Speak to me before speaking to any of them about any choice you might think of. 

"Now, come over here and let me see what I'm going to be enjoying for the foreseeable future," he said, waving her around the desk to his side. As she stood and walked around to his side of the desk, trying to sway seductively as she walked, Logan continued to talk. 

"There is something that you need to know about the relationship that I demand between me and my girls. It is merely an extension of the same philosophy by which I operate in all of my dealings. I believe in honesty. I believe in being up front. I call a spade a spade and I seldom use euphemisms unless the person I'm dealing with can't stand the honesty.

"Sometimes that may seem to come across as crude but I'm merely trying to strip away the manipulation and coyness. I want you to do the same by following my lead. You'll learn soon enough what I mean," he said like a teacher.

Feeling more secure, seeing how he was looking at her body appreciatively and the manner in which his hands had rested on her hips, Sandra decided to try a little honesty. 

"If you believe in honesty, Mr. Logan, why do you fool around on your wife?" she asked bravely.

Drawing her around and maneuvering her to sit on his desk directly in front of him, Mr. Logan chuckled again and said, "I don't fool around!"

Seeing Sandra's look of incredulity, he explained.

"Fooling around assumes that my wife knows nothing of what I do with other women. That couldn't be further from the truth. She knows each of my girls, and several of them very personally, and she knows what goes on both here and on the road. 

"Don't be surprised when we are joined on occasion by her, and sometimes, she even brings a friend. 

"One of the things you will learn soon, if you haven't experienced it already, is having sex with another woman." 

Seeing the stunned reaction on Sandra's face, he quickly said, "Having a sexual experience with another woman does not make you a lesbian, Sandra. Come on now, be a big girl.!"

With that, he placed his hands on her knees and slid them slowly up under the white pleated dress which she had worn that day. As his hands slid up her thighs, the dress was drawn up along with them. She watched in horrified fascination as her stockinged legs were laid bare before this man who was neither her husband nor her lover.

The thought, impelled by panic, flashed through her chaotic mind, "He's not my husband or lover, he's my user!"

When his hands reached her waist and he found that she was wearing pantyhose, he slid his hands back with disappointment on his face and said, "In the future, don't ever wear pantyhose."

Eager to please, and in truth, aroused by his sensual touch, she blurted out, "I could take them off, sir!"

Smiling kindly, he said, "Thanks, but it wouldn't be the same. Tomorrow, Rene will fit you with the proper clothing and give you some excellent advice concerning wearing the clothes and applying your makeup, though I must say that you do both nicely. 

"She will tell you which outfits are for the office and which are for the road; which are for business and which are for entertaining. Just listen to her and get all that she has to tell you. If you have a full closet, you might consider thinning it out.

"Which reminds me. You will be needing to move into an apartment near here that I will furnish for you from company accounts and it will be a silent benefit of the job. I think you'll find it adequate for our needs," he said somewhat smugly. "Norma, out front, will take you to the apartment as soon as we are finished here, and give you a key. She will help you pack, in your present apartment and show you how to make the arrangements for having your stuff moved as soon as possible. Do you have any questions for the present?

"Yes sir," Sandra replied. "Why haven't you asked Norma to take the job as executive assistant?"

"You're assuming that I haven't, of course, and assuming can get us both into trouble. However, I did not ask Norma to take the position because I do not see in her the drive that being an executive assistant demands. I know that right now the foremost thing on your mind is the matter of sex, but I assure you that sex plays only a minor, however pleasurable, part in the business relationship that I have with my assistant. 

"Norma is pretty, sweet and very sexy. She will often join us, especially here in the office, but she really doesn't have the secretarial skills or the organizational skills that I've been assured by your recent supervisor that you have.

"By the way, Sandra -- and answer me honestly now -- did old Murray ever try to get into your panties?"

She thought for a moment, then answered with smile, "Not really. He took every opportunity to stand behind me and look down my blouse or sweater, but he never really put his hands on me or suggested that we do anything together."

"Good," responded Mr. Logan, "I will not stand for sexual harassment in this company!"

Hearing that statement while the president of the company was sitting between her legs while she sat spraddle-legged in front of him on his desk, struck her funny and she giggled.

"What's funny?" he asked.

Thinking that she had done something which she shouldn't've, Sandra answered, "Oh, nothing, sir."

"Now Sandra," he prompted, "Remember that I demand the truth from you. The whole truth."

"Well," she responded to him, "It just struck me funny that you are speaking so resolutely about not allowing sexual harassment after just telling me that I didn't have a job unless I was willing to have sex with you."

"Let me explain the difference," Mr. Logan said with a small sigh. "Your job was terminated no matter what. This job was open and available if you want it. No one is taking your place in the old position and you would not have had a job here if you had not taken this one. Therefore, you could not've maintained your old job in any case. This is a new job opportunity and one about which I have tried to be very up-front. Would you like to reconsider your answer to my offer?"

"Oh, no sir!" she exclaimed, "I just didn't really know the difference and I thought that it was kind of funny that you were talking tough about sexual harassment in the office-place while I'm sitting on your desk with my legs spread in front of you," she said with another giggle.

"And I might add," he responded immediately, "that your offer to remove the pantyhose is sounding more exciting every moment."

Taking his hint, and steeling herself for this first real exhibition of her life, Sandra bent her left knee and swung her left leg in front of Mr. Logan and slid off of his desk. 

Stepping a few feet away from him with her back to him, she kicked off her heels and gathered up the hem of her skirt in front and hooked her thumbs into the waistband of the pantyhose and pulled them down to her ankles in one smooth pull. 

Stepping out of the stockings, she dropped the hem of the white skirt with the narrow pleats and turned back to her boss. Seeing his intense interest, she decided to continue the action while she had the emotional momentum. 

Reaching behind her waist, she unbuttoned the skirt, unzipped the zipper and let the thin garment slide down to her bare feet. She reached immediately for the waist band of the thin, white slip and, likewise, pulled it to her knees in one motion, allowing it also to fall to the floor in a pool of silky material surrounding her feet.

Now she stood before her boss in a red satiny blouse and a pair of white, high-cut bikini panties. She had never displayed herself like this before. Her previous sexual experiences had been hurried and furtive with no necessity or inclination for the slow process of seduction. In her circles, seduction was something the guys tried, and rather clumsily at that.

"Don't stop now," Mr. Logan said in a hoarse voice.

Sandra unbuttoned the bottons of her red blouse beginning at the bottom. Slowly, oh so slowly, she unbuttoned them, never taking her eyes off of her boss, who never took his eyes off of her torso.

When the top button was loosed, she spread the edges of the satiny blouse and allowed it to slide off of her shoulders to the floor.

Now she stood before Mr. Logan in nothing but her white bikini panties and a thin white wispy bra. Without looking, Sandra knew that he could see that her nipples were distended from arousal. She had never known that arousing a man could be so erotic in itself.

Motioning her toward him, Mr. Logan commanded, "Now let me finish the job."

After she had strolled over to him with a sexy, loose-hipped gait, Mr. Logan placed his hands on the outsides of her knees, and slowly, softly slid them up and around behind her to gently rub and knead her bottom cheeks. He slid his hands under the thin fabric of her panties and gently took hands full of her buttocks as he buried his face in her taunt, quivering tummy. He slid the flimsy material off of the backs of his hands so that it bunched into the crack of her fanny, leaving her nether mounds exposed for his closer inspection. 

Leaving her bottom for a moment, Mr. Logan reached up and gently unhooked the connector at the juncture of Sandra's two bra cups. Slowly, as though his hands were hers in a strip-tease, he pulled the cups away from her taunt breasts, allowing them to swing free and proud.

With a look of absolute bliss on his face, he simply said, "Oh, my!"

Those two words were the greatest compliment that Sandra felt she had ever received, and she had received many of all kinds.

"Do you like them?" she asked tentatively.

"Honey," he said, as his hands followed his gaze and almost worshipfully took the orbs into his grasp, "When God designed tits, these were definitely what He had in mind."

His hands gently but firmly squeezed Sandra's breasts and thumbed the already erect nipples causing an involuntary moan to escape her lips. He bent his head to first nibble, then, ever-so-lightly, lick his way from her navel to the valley between her breasts. After nuzzling there for a brief moment, he moved his lips lightly to the aureole of Sandra's right breast. There he licked, light-as-air, the sensitive puckered, brown skin around the nipple producing a roiling somewhere in the core of Sandra's body. When he clamped his lips onto the erect nubbin and slowly--ever-so-slowly--sucked it into his warm, wet mouth until half of her breast was hidden there with his rough tongue rubbing the highly sensitized nipple, she nearly fell to the floor because of the weakness in her knees. The few men who had gone to bed with her had never taken even the short amount of time Mr. Logan had taken to arouse her senses. They had quickly grabbed her breasts, shoved their fingers between her legs, and before she could catch her breath they had mounted her and gotten their rocks off leaving her feeling used and extremely unfulfilled.
