 And so the story of Jim and his lovers continues. I know it's been a while; life interferes with writing way too much. Don't you hate it when that happens? 

Me too, so here's the latest chapter:

Executive Platinum Ch. 16

If this is your first introduction to the Executive Platinum Series, the story begins here:

Executive Platinum Ch. 01

Enjoy, and as always, please vote. If so inclined, please leave a comment or send me a note - I always answer. 

*****

"Where are you?"

I'd missed the text when it came in; busy on the job site it was actually several hours before I got to where I could take a glance at my phone and see that I'd missed a couple of calls and Gloria's questioning text. 

"Korea" I sent back, not expecting an answer until the following day now. With the time change and being on the other side of the date line, it was late afternoon for me, while in Dallas it was well after midnight. The reply was almost instantaneous. 

"Are you home this weekend?"

"Not until next Tuesday. Why?"

"Dang!! Just found out about a big company meeting in San Diego next week. We're supposed to fly there Monday and back on Friday, but I figured maybe I could come and stay for the weekend."

"Oh that would have been nice! You're welcome to visit but the house is empty."

I hadn't seen Gloria for multiple months, perhaps as long a period between visits as we'd had since we first met.

"How about the next weekend? Want a visitor? I'll be at the hotel until Friday, but I don't have to really go back until Sunday."

"Sounds fun, want to do dinner, maybe Wednesday or Thursday?" 

"How about both - and you can stay with me at the hotel?" I grinned to myself, having suspected that was exactly what she was going to suggest. Whenever we got together, as infrequent as it was, the sex was always honeymoon hot. I wasn't sure I wanted to spend my days in a hotel waiting for her to get out of her conference or meetings or whatever, but I only lived 15 minutes away from downtown San Diego so I could certainly make that work.

"Don't know. Can you think of a reason I might want to do that?" I teased. 

"Oh I think I might be able to come up with a couple of things that might entice you."

Luckily I travel pretty well and seem to be able to adjust to time zones without too much trouble. Occasionally I don't seem to sleep as well as I should, but most of the time I'm only gone for a few days to a week at a time, so in some respects that helps, I'm still on my home time zone, or close, when I get back. Seldom am I anywhere long enough to totally become immersed in the visited time zone, so most of the time jet lag doesn't bother me. Even on those strange overseas flights where you take off in the morning and land 18 hours later, two hours before you left according to the clock, I just try to immediately use local time.

Of course things didn't work out perfectly, and I ended up delaying my departure and return until nearly 12 hours later on Wednesday. I was so busy with work I really didn't think about the logistics until I was on the flight home. My 11 am flight was scheduled to arrive home at 10 am; by the time I dropped off my gear at the office and got home it was would be early afternoon, too early to join Gloria for dinner. Janet had been caring for Samson, so I figured I needed to relieve her of that duty, even if I was going to leave to join Gloria at the hotel again almost immediately. 

Samson wasn't in the yard, so I unloaded my bag and then immediately went across the street. Janet and Samson both answered the door, a look of surprise on Janet's face as her eyes lit up with pleasure and her arms went around my neck. "I thought you weren't coming back until Friday?" I wasn't able to return the hug and kiss for long, Samson's whine and rubbing against my leg demanded attention. I pulled away just long enough to kneel down and box Samson's ears. His groan of pleasure to my touch made me smile. 

"That's what they scheduled," I replied, "but you know how it is with me. Believe it when you see me. It actually got rescheduled once and it looked like I'd be home last night, but we got delayed just a bit." She reached out and touched my cheek.

"You need a shave."

"And a shower, and some sleep." I rose again and slid into her arms. As I put my hand on her waist, she stepped in close, her arm sliding onto my hip and back toward my butt. She glanced toward the rest of the house, but nobody else was in sight. I'd asked her once what she told her nursing help about me, and she said it just wasn't mentioned. She had multiple regular nurses that assisted; she just said her private life wasn't any of their business. Most of the time she came to my place so they didn't really see me, and even though I knew Bug had been there multiple times first thing in the morning when they arrived, they were all discrete and asked no prying questions. I suspected they knew more than Janet ever told them, but other than an occasional friendly wave of acknowledgement, I never really ever saw them. 

"I've got a nurse here today so I could come over if you need someone to wash your back," she cooed quietly into my face, leaning forward just a bit for a kiss. I kissed her, a kiss of greeting only.

"About that..." I said, repeating the kiss and then pulling back. "I got a call from Gloria while I was gone. She's in town for a business conference and asked me to come stay with her until the weekend." 

There is never any benefit to lying, or trying to pretend things are other than what they are. I had agreed to go meet Gloria. Gloria was expecting sex and we hadn't been together for several months. Janet was indicating she'd like to play too, and I'd been with her the day before I left two weeks previously. But, although I've got multiple lovers and they all know about each other, I'm not 18 anymore and jumping from one hot lady to another, unless we're all sharing, isn't exactly honest either. Showing up to a hot and willing lady and not being able to perform would have been a distinct possibility. I saw the light of excitement disappear from her eyes, changing to disappointment. 

"So you're home early and I still won't get to see you until the weekend?" I'm sure she could tell that wasn't quite true from my face.

"Actually, she's going to stay until Sunday, we're just staying at the hotel until Friday." She couldn't hide the disappointment, but moments later an impish smile crossed her lips.

"So, if she's at the conference all day, are you going to come home during the day tomorrow?" Her hand reached up behind my neck, I leaned forward as she raised her face to my ear. "I'm horny and I need a Jimmy fix."

"That's what you get for talking to Bug all the time," I laughed. She didn't deny it.

"Please?" I just smiled at her. "Pretty please?" she continued, her hand sliding across my hip toward my crotch. 

"I tell you what," I answered, snagging her hand and pulling it to my waist, pulling her to me. "I told Gloria I'm with her there until she checks out on Friday, so no dishonesty. I'll tell Gloria that my other lady needs me, and if she understands and agrees, I'll come home during the day tomorrow." I made no promises, but she agreed.

I left her and went home, taking Samson with me. I would have liked a quick nap, but by the time I'd opened the mail, had a shower and a shave, glancing at the time resulted in me realizing I'd be hard pressed to get there by 6 which is when she said she'd be back to her room. By the time I got the key in an envelope she'd left at the front desk for me, which allowed me to get to the upper floors where the rooms were, it was 10 minutes after 6. I sent her a text that I was on my way up, and headed for the elevators.

I slowed and looked at the door key as I approached her room. It wasn't my room, but she'd given me a key. Was it proper etiquette to knock on a woman's door that is expecting you, or just use it and open it? I chose the latter. 

The window drapes were open presenting a bright contrast to the relative darkness of the room even though we weren't facing the sun. Gloria was standing in front of the windows, silhouetted by the bright light outside. She turned as the door swung open, her arm coming up across her chest to hide her breasts, a sharp "eek" and she began to drop to hide behind the bed - at least until she saw it was me.

"Sorry, babe," I said as I stepped inside and let the door swing shut behind me, "I debated whether I should knock first..."

"It's ok," she said, straightening back up. Bending one leg, she put her hand on her hip in a sultry move. "I was expecting you, it's just that when it opened I had this panic rush of maybe it was maid service or someone else..." 

She watched me as I walked across the room toward her. The bright light totally revealed the outline of her body beneath the gossamer nothing, but totally hid the front of her body in darkness. As I stepped forward, the rest of her body gradually became visible, becoming obvious the outer diaphanous nightie was the majority of what she was wearing. The bra that was underneath I recognized was the mere half bra that I liked so much; open cupped so that it lifted and displayed her breasts and nipples. As I stepped up to her it was readily evident that her nipples were hard and peeking over the top of the cups. The nightie barely extended below her crotch, that she had no panties beneath also becoming obvious as my eyes adjusted to the room. 

"Oh My Goodness," I whispered as she slid into my arms. Her mouth turned up to mine and we kissed. I let my hands roam her body, fondling her bottom, the tops of her legs, rubbing her back before I slid them between us to cup her breasts and twiddle her nipples. "I do like this bra."

"I know you do," she cooed, her hand sliding onto the hardness in my pants. I took her shoulder and spun her around, pulling her back against me as my two hands slid in under the nightie and up to the bra and her bare breasts. Now facing the window again, where it appeared she'd been standing as I'd come into the room, I let my hands roam her body as I looked over her shoulder and out the window. The view from here, the 17th story of the hotel, was magnificent of the city, the bay, the mountains, as well as nearby hotels and buildings. I was sure the mirrored outer surface of the windows kept anyone from being able to see in, at least in the light of day, which was readily apparent from the street just by looking at the side of the building. But here, from the inside, the mirroring wasn't apparent and it felt like anyone should be able to see in. I didn't know how it responded at night, but with the sun still up I knew we were invisible although I wasn't sure whether Gloria realized that or not.

"My naughty naked lady standing in front of an open window..." I purred into her ear, kissing her neck as I did. That her penchant for exhibitionism seemed to be growing with each of our intermittent trysts had not been lost to me. "Do you suppose someone could see you?" I slipped my right hand from her breast down and across her belly, sliding still lower until my fingers found her heat - and wetness. "Oh my, my hot little show-off girlfriend would have liked that, wouldn't she?" I said as my finger stroked the wet softness of her cleft, finding and barely touching her clit. She shivered to my touch; not denying it, and not indicating I should stop.

"Do you suppose there is someone right over there, in that building, behind the windows?" I teased, acknowledging and teasing her exhibitionism. "Perhaps he's got a telescope... or binoculars... and is watching you right now? Seeing my nearly naked lady being molested by her lover? You'd like that, wouldn't you? Somebody watching you being naughty? Watching you showing off?" I gripped the lower edge of the nightie and drew it up, across her body, her arms lifting to let me take it off, leaving her dressed in just the half bra. "I'll bet he likes seeing you in this bra as much as I do, don't you?" 

As hot and wet as I'd found her pussy, I knew she was already self-aroused and wanted more than just foreplay. Spinning around in my arms, she gripped my shirt and began to lift. I took it from her and continued to pull it off while her hands shifted to my belt and pants. With the belt loose, the zipper pulled fast and easy and she practically jerked my pants and underwear down. Dropping to her knees, her mouth found my cock even before her hands did. I flashed back momentarily to our first night in Key West, where she'd purposely waited until her daughter was watching before exposing me and sucking me off. "Uhm," I purred to her tongue caressing my cock, my hand reaching down to caress her hair, "I think my prudish lady friend is become quite the little slut, don't you? Sucking her lovers cock in front of her daughter, or in front of an open window... standing and displaying herself with a little see-through nothing, and then even taking that off so she's almost totally naked... sharing her lover with her daughter and sharing herself with her daughter... playing with other women, taking a coworkers virginity... quite the change from the woman who thought she 'might' be going for a walk on the wild side when we first met." 

If anything, Gloria had gotten even more ravenous sucking my knob as I teased about her past escapades. With me having not had sex in almost three weeks, Gloria polishing me with her tonsils was almost too much. Glancing sideways I saw the easy chair, and gently holding Gloria's head, pulled away. I reached over and spun the chair around to face the window before reaching back to Gloria and lifting so she stood. I spun her around until she faced the chair and then pushed her forward over the chair back and stepped forward between her legs. I didn't even need to guide myself in place; hard as a rock from a lack of sex and Gloria's sucking, my cockhead found her pussy and with just a minimal of back and forth slipped right inside her velvety heat. 

I almost always try to be a considerate lover, looking and listening to my ladies responses, trying to find the spot that turns the trick, the caress that brings the ultimate pleasure. Usually the slower the better, but sometimes, like this time, she wants it, and wants it hard and fast. I don't know how I knew, or perhaps I wanted the same, but pounding into her from behind with her bent forward over the chair, facing the open world beyond the window was exactly what she wanted. There was nothing gentle about my movements; this was hard, pounding, fucking. When my cock banged her cervix she twitched and tensed so I tried not to push so hard but, moments later, it happened again. There was no complaint from her. Despite the blow job that had me on edge before I slipped into her, she still came before I did. When I finally began to spasm I buried myself as deeply inside her as I could; just a slight pulling back and involuntarily shoving myself forward again. Both of us spent; moments later I pulled back, the jet lag and cum lag suddenly hitting me simultaneously. Usually after sex I like to relax, easily falling asleep at night, but this time it hit me like a ton of bricks. Gloria grabbed her crotch and headed to the restroom, I was asleep on the bed before she came back. It wasn't long, perhaps an hours nap, before Gloria woke me to tell me we were supposed to meet some of the others at her conference for dinner. It was all I needed; the short catnap had refreshed me enough. 

Gloria headed immediately for a group that was standing and talking around stand-up tables in the lounge; we apparently being the last two to arrive. Introductions all around were essentially lost on me as I knew for the most part I'd have to ask their names every time I spoke to someone again. They meant nothing to me and there wasn't initially anything to allow me to connect a name with anything other than their face until I was introduced to Shirley. Everyone else was from different cities except for Shirley. A moderately tall blonde with a thin waist and largish breasts, she was a regional manager for their company, based in San Diego. A short "where do you live" conversation ensued, and with something to equate her with forever more I had Shirley's name locked in. It didn't hurt that she had a very nice body, appearing quite sexy without indicating that she was showing off or looking for something. The blouse of her pants suit had a nice u shaped upper, exposing the cleft between her breasts without being slutty; the pants and bottom (when I witnessed them later as she excused herself to visit the toilet) confirmed she had a moderately well-toned body everywhere. Although Gloria had been nearly naked when I'd arrived at her room, she'd insisted on returning to the same business-casual style of clothes that she'd worn all day for the conference to come down for this happy hour. She'd chosen wisely. 

"So how did you meet Gloria?" a female voice asked from behind. Turning, I found Shirley standing behind me, a glass of white wine in hand. Gloria had momentarily left me, talking with several of her co-workers at another table. 

"Seat mates on a plane actually," I said, carefully thinking about what I would or would not divulge about Gloria and me. Although I'm not a prude, I also don't believe that private lives need to be discussed with those that have no need to know. "We were on a flight together from Dallas to San Diego a couple of years ago, had a good conversation, and just kind of hit it off." Talking about and revealing my thoughts and desires was one thing, talking about my partner's thoughts or feelings was totally something else. The boundary sometimes blurred. To people like Janet, who knew I was having sex with Bug or with Gloria, I would definitely say more than I would to Shirley, a co-worker of Gloria's. Did Shirley know that I was Gloria's sexual partner, or that I was going to spend the night with her tonight, and probably send her to tomorrow's conference with a smile on her face? She probably assumed that I was, but I didn't know, so I didn't need to say. 

"How about you? You've known her through work?" She nodded.

"I used to work in the same office with Gloria in Dallas, but then got promoted to the regional position, so moved to San Diego. I always had her pegged as a top achiever, but the last couple of years... she's really taken off - really blossomed." She paused for a moment, and then looked pointedly at me and said, "You didn't have something to do with that, did you?

Wary, I punted back to her. "I'm not sure exactly what you mean..."

"The Gloria that I knew when I worked with her was unhappily married, and despite her capabilities, it affected her work. And then she went through a miserable divorce and withdrew back into herself. Her work was nothing but ordinary. And then a while back something happened and ... well, her outlook on life changed, and her work performance did too. She's now considered one of our star performers - and I've never quite been able to identify who made the difference in her, at least I think not until now." She paused, obviously waiting for my answer. Something about this conversation, I understood exactly what it was that had made her advance in management; I had no doubt that she already had made the connection. I took a sip of my wine.

I glanced at my glass as I lowered it again. "Nice Pinot Noir," I stated, "I normally gravitate toward a Malbec or Zinfandel, but this one's very nice." 

"Definitely discrete... and well mannered." I couldn't help but smile, although supposedly responding to my comment on the wine I knew exactly what she was saying. 

"Ready?" Gloria said, stepping up and taking my arm. "They've got our table ready."

"Shirley spoke highly of you," I commented a few hours later when Gloria was once again cuddled to my shoulder in bed, our lust for each other slaked at least for the moment. Dinner had been good, the conversations hard to follow except for those who had been directly adjacent to us. We excused ourselves and returned to the room as soon as it was polite to do so.
