 Our first two children practically appeared on demand. I think I winked at Catherine just after she got off the pill and nine months later Dita was born. I'm pretty sure Catherine and I were in sitting too close in the back of a rental car when Junior was conceived. 

But Number3 ignored Catherine's child bearing hips and my supersperm. We were in our early thirties and we decided that now would be the perfect time if there ever was one. We'd used condoms for two years so conception should have simply required skipping a step. Over and done. 

That was not in our plans. 

For six months it was an internal joke for both of us. Blessed with two children already we decided early that adoption was a great alternative if we couldn't conceive. So we doubled our typical intimacy and hoped for the best. 

Of course there was a little planning involved. Cycles, ovulation, boxers, etc. We made certain that no sperm were wasted so oral finishes were off the table. There was no self-gratification for those three day business trips she took at the beginning of each month. Worst of all I couldn't finish on her ass when I fucked her from behind. That, my friend, was my sacrifice to the team. 

But six months into this joyous fuckfest we were barren. I began contemplating the choices we would need to consider for adoption. My wife, however, was headed down another path. 

In March that path started with the juices. Unbeknownst to me Catherine began to worry in month three that we needed to do more than just fuck regularly to get pregnant. Had I been attentive I would have noticed the change in our diets in December, the abundance of doggy style in January and the rise in morning fuckery in February. But I'm a man. I didn't notice. 

Until the juices. 

"Stop looking at it and drink it," Catherine ordered as I eyed the green, lukewarm concoction she brought me as I jumped into the shower to wake up. We typically were up well before our kids because they slept like angels. We got super lucky and their daycare runs them like crazy during the day. So from 6 to 6:30AM we get some alone time. 

As for the 12 ounce glass of sewage I was holding, I closed my eyes and bottomed up. "What was in there?" I curiously asked though I was more focused on using the shower water to get the taste out my mouth. 

"Asparagus and spinach," she listed. "Some ginger and lemon. We're going to start eating healthier." Then she reached into shower and grabbed me by the balls. This wasn't the first time, but her intent was far different and my dick knew it. 

"Buy me dinner first," I joked as my balls were being measured in some way. 

"Water's too hot," she thought aloud before releasing my testicles and notching down the shower water heat. I assumed that meant she was going to join me but I was mistaken. 

She simply watched me in her robe like the horny accountant I knew her to be. "Anything else, Catherine?" I asked as I dipped my head into the lukewarm shower. 

"Would you mind," Cathering modestly asked, "stroking your dick for me?" Her robe was now open and I could see her hand twirling her thick and curly pubic hair. 

Without hesitation I began stroking my dick toward Catherine. I could see her fingers disappear into pussy as she stood outside our semitransparent shower curtain. 

Then she leaned into the shower and pulled me closer to edge. I turned the shower head inward to keep the water from spilling out. She looked up at me with her big brown eyes and took my dick into her mouth. 

Oh, how I'd forgotten how much I loved how she stroked my shaft with two hands while she bobbed up and down on my head. At some point I questioned how she was going to get pregnant using this method, but I kept seeing her heaving brown breasts bounce as she sucked my dick.

I knew I couldn't take much more when I caught a glimpse of her in the mirror. She knew I was watching her in the mirror so she shifted her robe to one side so I could stare at her perfectly rounded ass. It was like watching my two favorite porn stars - us - live on set. Five more bobs of her curly head and I was done. 

I shifted my hips to pull away, but she pulled me deeper and deep throated me as I came. 'That's no way to get pregnant,' I thought to myself. But she politely gulped and rinsed her face before jumping in the shower to get ready for the day. 

The next morning was the same, but different. I awoke to Catherine writhing beside me. She was face deep into her pillow with her hands clearly between her legs. As I naturally wrapped my arm around her waist, she moaned and guided my hand behind her. Her destination was heavily lubricated and ready for action. 

We'd only tried anal four or five times before and each time the tightness of her ass made me come so fast my head spun. 

So I eased behind her and gently placed the head of my dick near her asshole. We slowly pushed into each other while she gripped the pillows. Inch by inch my dick disappeared into her until we felt like one. Afraid to move I simply held on for what I knew was coming. 

Catherine's hips began to rock as I lay wedged within her. The rocking slowly turned to churning and the churns became bucking. It was like she was trying to get me off of her but if my dick pulled away even the slightest bit she pulled me back in. And then she'd buck harder. 

Watching her ass quake violently against my dick made my hips thrust and for the first time and there I was - actually fucking her in her ass. I finally understood why folks had it on the menu. I felt Catherine begin to orgasm and I knew I wasn't far behind. 

As she came her hips violently forced her ass cheeks onto me and I came hard. And we laid there quietly. 

I slowly sat up and began to head toward the shower when Catherine grabbed my arm. With her face still buried in the pillow, she pointed toward the nightstand. There was my glass of green juice waiting for me. 

Mmmmmmm. 

The next morning I didn't even have time to wake up. Catherine's lotion filled hands were stroking my dick at full speed by the time I realized what was going on. I had every intention to stop her until she whispered in my ear, "On my titties, please."

Before I knew it I was on my knees above her with my tongue licking her clit. As her tongue caressed my balls I felt her pussy contracting and we both came quickly. Nothing explosive. Just quickly. 

As I surveyed the collective mess we'd made I instinctively looked over to the nightstand to find my green filled glass. Without asking I crawled over to take my medicine. Either the taste was getting better or I was getting use to it. 

Catherine jumped up to take a shower when she noticed I'd gotten a little cum on her chin. She made extra care to make me watch her lick my jizz with her tongue before dancing to the bathroom. 

So good. 

The next morning I woke up first. Not wanting to be out done by the last three days I started giving Catherine a back massage as she started to wake. As she began to moan to me her appreciation I twisted her onto her back, moved south and brought my mouth to her pussy. With one finger I pulled her cotton thing to one side so my tongue could properly massage her lips. As her knees rose and her back arched I knew my work wasn't going unnoticed. 

Knock Knock Knock

To good to be true. Before you could blink we were two smiling parents cuddling innocently as our bedroom door swung open. Two toddlers were soon on our bed watching cartoons and begging for chocolate chip waffles. 

"Two chocolate chip waffles coming right up!" Catherine happily sang as she hopped out of bed and headed toward the kitchen. 

"And one disgusting asparagus shake!" I added with equal zest before being captivated by the beautiful relationship plot involving a sponge, a starfish and a squid.

That evening Catherine had us scheduled for one of her client's alternative art shows in some too-cool-for-school neighborhood. Her creative clients were always difficult for me to connect with. 'Just smile and look cute' were her directions to me at every outing. 

I was meeting her at some warehouse downtown so I figured I'd need my extra fancy clothes. For most events she meticulously laid out some trendy look for me, but I was meeting her there so I was on my own. I threw on what I thought were my best wears before giving my mom instructions not to let Dita & Junior stay up too late. 

Catherine and I parked in the same parking lot so we could walk to the warehouse together. As expected her dress and heels were stunning underneath her black trench. But her hair, typically a well-maintained orchestra of black curls was now a perfectly aligned quartet of simple braids pulled tight to her head. The cat had my tongue as I thought about the pussy I'd be stroking later. 

"You look nice, too," Catherine joked as she watched me stare during our stroll toward the warehouse. Her body moved slowly through the people that were heading toward the showing. She didn't have a care in the world. The twinge of concern I had about her wanting another baby dissipated as she held my hand and twisted to the rhythm vibrating from the warehouse. 

"Ms. Johnson, please enjoy the show," the hostess said as she handed Catherine a tan picnic basket before we entered the vast, open space. I'd been to enough of these installations to know to not ask questions. I didn't understand them even after I'd seen them so what hope would I have with an upfront explanation. 

The intense house music bounced through the brightly lit, football-field sized warehouse. The walls were painted a warm tan that matched the wicker baskets that everybody seemed to be carrying so I assumed it was part of the installation. The room was a little humid considering there couldn't have been more than 200 people at the show. We were still in our coats so I didn't worry much about it. I looked around for any sign of artwork or entertainers while Catherine lead me aimlessly through the space. No clue. Maybe there'd be food and we'd leave early. 

Typically Catherine would be mingling with her clients and her swanky crowd but I didn't catch any of her typical cohorts. We quietly walked through the warehouse until I noticed the lights begin to dim and the music getting louder. 

"Is the show about about to start?" I asked as we stopped pacing. The room was now uncomfortably warm from walking around in our coats. "Can I take off my jacket?" I quietly asked as the chatter was being muted by the louder music and dimmer lights. 

Catherine couldn't have heard me but she must have been getting hot, too. She took off her coat and dropped it to the floor. And I noticed everyone else was doing the same. The room was pretty dim now so you could barely make out anything other than silhouettes standing off in pairs. As the light faded and the music intensified I only got a sense of the four couples spaced about 20 feet from us in any direction. I kept looking at the high ceiling as if we were in a planetarium but there were no stars in this show. 

Though the room continued to darken there was a blue hue forming around ceiling. The visual cooled off the room but I was still sweating even after I took off my coat. "Is it supposed to be this..." I started when I was surprisingly interrupted by Catherine's damp kiss. As I reached to innocently embrace her while I reciprocated her affection I realized that she was naked apart from her heels - as she stood even at my height. 

Shocked I tried to look around but was only greeted by shadowy figures of couples each in their own embrace. As the music filled the room I could feel Catherine removing my pants. Not being shy I followed her lead and removed my shirt, careful to drop it near us should the lights reappear and we be judged by our neatness. I stepped out of the pants and underwear that Catherine had pulled to my ankles and kissed my wife with one eye open. The silhouettes were all kissing. The show had apparently begun. 

Standing naked in the dark with a crowd of people was incredibly hot but I wasn't sure what was going on so my dick hadn't joined the party yet. That is, until he got an invitation.

As the beat dropped, so did Catherine. My limp dick rubbed against her cheek while she gently lapped her tongue across my balls. As her hands gripped my ankles I could feel the braids in her hair rub against my thighs. When my dick raised above her forehead her tongue followed his direction until she had to stand to pull my erection into her mouth. Her movement was slow as I steadied my hands on her back and tried to remember where the fuck I was. 

For a second I glanced around to find the other dancers were in similar poses as best I could determine. I couldn't get the details but I certainly got the gist. But my dick was clearly not worried about the other dancers in the warehouse because Catherine had more than invited him the party. Now she was working him like he owed her something. Up and down with a rhythmic swivel I'd watched all too often in the mirror or in our home videos. She had me on my toes ready to explode into her mouth. 

But as I started to grip her shoulders - our sign that I was ready to come in her mouth - she grabbed my wrists and pulled me to the floor. I quickly realized there was a thick, cotton blanket below us. My knees settled between her legs as I gazed around to get my bearings. The other silhouettes were all kneeling between a pair of knees and legs. Each appeared to be as dazed as I was. 

My confusion was interrupted by the forceful tug of my arms toward Catherine. Our 'assume the position' pose was her directive as she placed my hands on her breasts and my mouth on her pussy. I could feel her lips contracting on my tongue like she was doing speed kegels. Between her sweat, pussy and my tongue I could have drowned down there - drowned a happy man. 

Kneeling there between my wife's thighs was amazing but I wondered if the rest of the warehouse was still in position. I desperately wanted to check out the vibe of the room. Turned out that I wasn't alone in my curiosity because shortly after I looked up, so was every other silhouette I could make out. I wanted to laugh but I felt Catherine's legs shift below me as the music pounded. The next thing I knew my dick was being bumped by two of the warmest ass cheeks I could imagine. 

Instinctively my dick found her dripping wet pussy and i was fucking her like my life depended on it. For a brief second I realized the rest of the room was under the same choreography but I was too deep in my wife's pussy to give a fuck. 

Usually we take a minute to warm into our rhythm but she was ramming her pussy against me from the moment my head penetrated her sugary walls. Though my dick was hitting the spot, her clit against my pounding balls sent her over the moon. She started to tremble and I could tell she was cursing me like we were in a nameless Vegas hotel room. No one could hear her, but I knew she was howling like when the kids are at grandma's. I had that brief sense of pride a man feels when he knows he's hitting that pussy perfectly. Unfortunately that moment is almost always crushed by the feeling of helplessness when your wife reaches underneath you and gently strokes your balls. Her rip cord. Her final whistle. Her music queueing. 

For what felt like an eternity I shot come into my wife as she gyrated her ass double speed to the music. I collapsed on top of her as she continued to grind me from below. My legs had stopped moving but she was still coming. She continued to fuck my limp dick until she collapsed with equal tranquility. And as if on cue the music slowed. 

We laid in what was now an almost pitch black room for ten minutes. The music even quieted enough for Catherine to say 'I love you' loud enough for me to hear her. Then I lifted myself up as she handed me my underwear. I guess that meant the show was ending. 

As we got dressed the music continued to quiet and the lights began to rise. What was once a hot and sweaty metal fuck box turned into a chilly warehouse as the night air breezed through. By the time the room was fully visible everyone looked liked they had looked 30 minutes prior. Catherine pulled me close and we started to dance to what was left of the music. She had never felt so full of life as she did that moment. Then I noticed all of the other couples, now fully visible were dancing too. Were they all spontaneously caught up in the moment as well?

With a sense of fear I then stretched both my hands above our heads and watched disarmingly as every man in the room repeated my action. Hands still in the air my eyes burned holes through Catherine's pupils as she nervously smiled. In total shock, I couldn't put my arms down. 

And apparently none of the other guys could put their arms down either. But no one was staring at us. Everyone was just looking around the room. I was so fucking confused.

Then the music stopped and everyone began to applaud. We did too. Nervously. Then the chatter picked up as the warehouse emptied. Other than the picnic baskets that were stuffed with blankets, you would not have known anything had happened. So I wasn't sure what just happened. Catherine just pulled me by the arm as we followed the herd out of the warehouse. 

"What did we..." I started, only to be cut off by an index finger to her lips and a gentle tug on her ear. I simply listened to the hoard. 

"I doubt anyone actually had sex in there," complained one lady to her man. 

"Who do you think was the lead couple? Actors?" asked one excited man to his equally exuberant wife. 

"I KNOW the couple in the corner were fucking," said a lady to her friend while the friend's man began to blush. 

"We paid $200 for that?" one man barked to his wife. "Next time I'm picking the hotel!"

"Hungry?" one woman casually commented to her man as she dangled on his arm. 

"I could eat again," he quietly joked as he mockingly wiped his chin. 

"We were following the Asian couple next to us, but they couldn't have been the lead couple," another black couple shared with their friends. 

As we slowly approached her car, I opened the door for her. I was still confused. My head spun from every quip and comment I heard from passers-by while I replayed every second of the evening. Catherine saw the stunned look on my face and tried her best to hold in her delight. I knew she wanted this victory and I knew that meant I needed to concede without a full explanation of what just transpired. So I allowed my brilliant wife to enjoy her victory. "You are more than I could have ever hoped for," I said before giving her a gentle kiss and a euphoric smile. 

My bride simply smiled back at me before sinking into her chariot. Neither of us wanted to stop the smile/stare contest but she had to drive off. However, before she needed to pulled away, she rolled her window down far enough to hand me the program from the exhibition. Catherine sped off while I read the cover aloud. 

"After the Juice: Conceptual Detox."

Indeed it was. 

Nine months later we named Number3 Gus.