 I hate to play into stereotypes, but let's face it: we have all seen it before. The adage probably exists for a reason, men become more distinguished looking and women just look old. At 28, it was not something I really worried about. Yet. Still, I don't know that it is entirely true. As often as I see a couple I would term a mismatch in terms of physical attractiveness, it is not uncommon to see the tubby old man with the fighting-it-every-step of the way wife. Although, as I sat in the waiting area for my flight, it was apparent. This man had aged much better than his wife. They both appeared to be around 60. His thick silver hair looked so distinguished against his tanned skin. Yes, there was a bit of a bald spot forming, but frankly, it only added to his appeal. He was tall—six two or so—and thin. He was well-dressed in his dark denim jeans (although, he could have worn a size smaller), a plaid shirt that was clearly from a high-end traditional designer, and a navy cardigan that was easily identifiable as expensive and probably cashmere.

His wife, however, had clearly let herself go. While women often need to gain 10 pounds as they age in that never-ending quest to save either their ass or their face, she had gained 40 pounds and still not saved the face. Her hair was clearly well-tended at a salon, but the keratin and bleach seemed to just miss the mark. And, seriously, she was long past the point that she should consider leggings in public...much less as pants with a large poncho over them. She was dripping with diamonds, and you could tell she thought she was something special. She was constantly on the phone bragging to at least 10 different people how wonderful their trip had been, but then complained in front of her husband that he actually had the nerve to want to go to the museums in Paris rather than shopping with her. I was not one to judge, but I could not stand her.

It was a sight that was certainly not uncommon to me. I was in an airport at least a couple of times a week as I traveled for my job as an executive recruiter. Often it was a daytrip to meet with a client or a recruit, but this one was the entire week. I had a client seeking a Chief Operating Officer and I had local candidates lined up every morning. However, I was not complaining. A work week in Fort Lauderdale was not the end of the world—especially since it was going to be 20 degrees at home in New York. 

The boarding process began. Clearly, I knew how it worked and had the elite status to board first and sit in an upgraded seat. My guess was they had purchased the same privilege because she clearly did not understand how it worked and the gate agent had to turn her away three times because they were not yet boarding. Her husband merely shook his head and told her to sit. I found my window seat in the fourth row of first class and readied myself for the three hour flight. She made her way on to seat 1B. She had loudly announced that she always had the first row aisle. He helped her with her bags and to my surprise joined me in the aisle of the fourth row. 

I smiled as he sat down and let out a sigh. "Long day?" I inquired. 

"It seems any day with my wife is a long day," he laughed. 

"I guess it happens. How long have you been together?"

"Forty long years." We both laughed. 

We settled in. I crossed my legs and thought, why are the good ones always older AND married? He seemed like the perfect guy. I was in my usual flying attire: dark jeans and a fitted black turtleneck sweater. I learned long ago that this was the perfect thing to travel in. It was comfortable, casual, and could easily be presentable if I bumped into someone who turned into a potential client. 

The flight attendant came to take our drink orders—chardonnay for me, scotch for him. By the way, "I am Martin." I shook his hand. "I am Amanda. It's nice to meet you." 

I could not help myself as the flight progressed. I found myself flirting with him. It was all innocent enough. Just an occasional hair toss or giggle. I mean, he actually was a charming man. Then, the unthinkable happened. He asked what I did for a living. I explained that I was an executive recruiter who spent my time matching up the right executive with the right position. He explained that he was CEO of a large healthcare company and needed to find a new CFO within the next 3 months as his current one wanted to retire. By the time we got to this bit of information, the flight was almost over. 

"Here's the deal. I would love to help you. I have meetings with candidates for another position set up in the morning. Is there any way you could do a lunch meeting with me to see if I can address your needs?"

He smiled. "Actually, I can. I am not going back to the office until Tuesday. I had tomorrow set aside to run some errands and maybe play a round of golf in the afternoon. I I am sure it will not be a problem working in lunch with a lovely new friend."

"My meetings are at the W Hotel where I am staying over on the beach. There is a decent restaurant in the hotel. Is that okay with you?"

"Of course, I know it well. What time works for you?" 

"12:30?"

"Perfect. I will see you then." About that time, the plane landed. We shook hands and agreed to see each other the next day. I must admit, I was excited both at the prospect of another placement and at the prospect of seeing Martin again. I knew it was wrong. I should not be excited about seeing a married man. I could not help myself.

**

My interviews ended at 11:30 the next day. When I finished, I went upstairs and freshened up a bit. I was wearing a simple sleeveless black dress with a short jacket over it. It was fitted, but not tight. I had long ago learned that a slutty appearance would not help me in the long-term. However, the dress had a row of covered buttons up the torso. I could not help myself. I unbuttoned one extra button. 

I made my way downstairs at 12:25. I had been there about two minutes when Martin appeared. He was clearly headed for the links in a black golf shirt and khaki pants. Still, he looked as handsome as I remembered. 

"Amanda. Lovely to see you." He leaned in kissed me on the cheek. My chest fluttered a little bit. I must admit I was not in the habit of having clients kiss me. But, I assumed he wanted to set the tone that we were friends as well as associates after the flight the night before. "I am sorry if I am underdressed. I did not think about that you would be working today as I am still on vacation. I should have at least worn a long-sleeved shirt."

"Don't be silly. You look great. Here. I will take off my jacket. Then, I am just in a dress." Little did he know, it was just a dress. I did not want panty lines and my breasts were still firm enough that I could still go bra-less if necessary. One of the joys of being a 32 B. I always felt I had just enough in that department. 

I slipped off my jacket. I was fairly certain I caught him taking a glimpse of my physique. I was not disappointed at the thought. The hostess showed us to our table and almost immediately the waiter appeared to take our drink order. Martin looked at me, "Well, young lady, I am still on vacation. I know you are working, but I don't guess I could convince you to join this old codger in a bottle of wine." 

Without realizing it, I placed my hand on his knee and said, "Of course. My afternoon appointment actually canceled so this is it for the day and maybe a bit of paperwork if I feel incredibly ambitious." He smiled. I then added, "But, you are certainly not an old codger in my book." 

We both ordered salads for lunch. He explained the intricacies of the position. I offered that I was certain I could help him. I think I even offered the double entendre that "I would be happy to help him with all his needs." As we talked, we both seemed to find our hands wandering to the other's knee. It was innocent flirtation. 

Finally, I inquired about his goals for the organization long term. "Well, Amanda, I am 63 years old. I would love to tell you that I plan to retire in a couple of years. However, I have found myself not wanting to be that available to my wife." I leaned in to encourage him to share more. He continued. "We have been married forever, but we really don't even like each other at this point." I placed my hand on his knee and left it there. "I would ask for a divorce. I don't think she would even mind. It just seems like a big hassle. I have made my bed. I guess I have to lie in it."

I gently massaged his knee with my fingers. "Martin, you are a very handsome man. It's not too late to make another bed." His eyebrows raised a bit. 

"Amanda, are you saying what I think you are saying?"

"I cannot believe this, but I am. I have been drawn to you from the moment I first saw you in the airport last night. I also want to be clear. I am not in the habit of nor have I ever been with a married man."

He leaned in close to me. "I have never been unfaithful to Barb." We looked at each other and both leaned in for a kiss. It was brief and gentle. As we pulled apart, I said, "Why don't we go to my room upstairs to discuss this further? No pressure. It just gives us a little more privacy and probably a few less inhibitions." 

"Let me get the check."

"I have already charged it to my room." Follow me. 

He stammered a bit. "Here, let me carry your jacket and briefcase." 

"It's fine. I have it."

"You don't understand, my darling. I need it to hide something as I walk out of here." I smiled and handed him my stuff. 

**

We stepped on the elevator and I hit the number 12. The doors closed and I realized we were in fact alone in the elevator. I looked at Martin and said, "Please forgive me for doing this." I leaned over, put my arms around his neck and kissed him gently but deeply. 

He looked at me almost stunned and said, "Then, please forgive me for this." He dropped by briefcase and jacket, grabbed me, and pulled me into an even deeper kiss. I swooned. I opened my mouth and his tongue made its way in. I felt I belonged in his arms and pressed my body closer to his. There was nothing between us. I could feel his hard cock as I pressed my body against him. The doors opened and we separated. He picked up my bag. I picked up my jacket. He followed me down the hall to my room. 

As I was opening the door, he said, "I have not kissed anyone like that in years." At that point, I knew we were both past the point of no return. I wanted him and he wanted me. Knowing that and acting on it could still prove two different things. I liked him. I did not want him to later view me as some aggressor or seductress who had lured him into a situation he would regret. I also did not know how I felt about his marital status. I meant it. I had never been with a married man. And, truth be told, I liked him enough that I wanted this to be more than an afternoon. There was no way around it. I was a homewrecker.

"Martin, I think you would agree we have moved very fast to get here. Would you mind if we sat on the balcony and discussed things a bit?" He seemed relieved.

"Actually, that would be very nice." I lead him through the sliding door to the small terrace overlooking the ocean. 

"We hardly touched that bottle of wine. Let me raid the minibar and I will join you." I took the bottle of white wine, poured two glasses and sat next to him on the sofa. It was a bit warm, but the balcony was shaded and private. I handed him his glass and raised mine. "To what may come." I realized the double entendre that had just passed my lips. We both laughed. It was nice to know that in spite of what may or may not transpire, we both had a similar sense of humor.

I sat next to him. He put his arm around my shoulder and I leaned in for a small kiss. "Amanda, I do not want you to do anything you do not want to do. I understand your dilemma. I am a married man. I am not trying to hide that."

"I understand Martin. I also understand that I found you attractive from the moment I saw you. My heart skipped a beat when you sat next to me. I had noticed you in the waiting area and lamented the fact that you were married." I could not help myself. I leaned in closer and rested my hand on his thigh. I began gently caressing it. "You mentioned you had considered divorce. I do not want to be the cause of that, but I would be lying if I said all I wanted was this afternoon."

He moaned slightly. "I am afraid once I have you, I will never be able to get enough, my darling. You will not be the cause of a divorce. Barb has long been the cause of my irritablility. We have nothing in common, anymore. I think it may be because we never have children. We have no common goals." I continued caressing his thigh. I could see the bulge he had covered with my briefcase was now back. I slowly ran my hand up his leg and let it brush gently against his erection. He smiled and said, "I don't think I have ever wanted anyone this much." He pulled me into a deep kiss that I never wanted to end. 

Finally, I pulled away. I stood and removed my dress while he sat there taking it in. I don't think he was expecting me to be naked underneath. He finally spoke, "Let's go inside." 

"Let's stay here for a bit." I straddled him, ran my fingers through his salt and pepper hair, and then bent down and pressed my lips to his. He responded in force. The kiss went deeper and deeper as his hands rubbed my ass. Finally, I arched my back and his lips immediately lunged for my breasts. His sucking felt so good. I was more verbal than I had ever been. If a neighbor was on their balcony, they could totally hear my moans. I could feel his erection growing in his pants. "Martin, I want to taste your cock." It was almost as if the thought of a woman taking his cock in her mouth had not occurred to him. I stood still wearing my black pumps. I positioned myself on my knees between his legs using one of the cushions to pad my knees. I reach up and unbuckled his brown alligator belt, unbuttoned his trousers and slowly pulled the zipper towards me. His cock shot between the flap of his boxers. I licked the tip and then slid my lips down over his shaft.

Now, it was his moans that could be heard by the neighbors. Finally, he pushed me away. "Amanda, stop now or I will come." I smiled and put my lips right back on his cock. Immediately I resumed sliding them up and down his shaft as I sucked his head down my throat. "Oh God. You are amazing." Moments later, I felt his load slide down my throat. I slowly released his cock. "My god, Amanda, that was amazing." I climbed up and kissed him deeply on the mouth. He seemed startled at first but then enjoyed the taste of his own leftover cum in my mouth." 

"Lose the clothes and come with me, Martin." He stood up and his pants fell to the ground. He stepped out of his shoes, removed his socks, and tossed his shirt on the balcony sofa. I walked over and he took me in his arms and kissed me again. I was still wearing my heels so we were almost the same height. My fingers started running up and down his back and then through his hair again. I pulled back. "Have I told you how handsome you are?" He smiled and pulled me back into a kiss.

"My darling, you are the most beautiful woman I have ever encountered." I reached down and fondled his cock which seemed to be erect again already. 

"I am going to lie down. Join me?" I turned and walked back in the room. I stopped at the edge of the bed. Martin was right behind me. I felt his arm reach around my waist and pull my ass back against him. He started kissing my neck as I could feel his cock pressing into my ass cheek. 

He then whispered in my ear, "Now it is my turn to give you oral." He turned me around and lifted me onto the bed. He then spread my legs, and ran his hands up and down them. I went to remove my shoes and he said, "Please leave them on. It is so sexy." I left them and spread my legs a bit further. Martin immediately pressed his lips to my pussy and began exploring with his tongue. I could barely contain myself. My hands were gently holding his head. I could not touch his hair enough. I would gently run my hands over his little bald spot. He was driving me wild with his tongue. 

"Martin, I'm going to come."

"Good." With that, I could not hold it any longer. Martin had given me sheer ecstasy. He backed away and again kissed me deeply. I could feel his erection against my leg. I pulled him in for another kiss. 

"Now, I want your cock inside me." 

"Your wish is my command." He slipped his cock in my wet pussy. He was certainly above average in his endowment and knew how to use his tool to drive me to the point of ecstasy. He slowly stroked me until we settled into a nice rhythm. Then both his speed and intensity increased. We seemed to come at the same time and he collapsed on top of me with his head on my chest. I leaned over and kissed his bald spot.

"You are the most incredible lover I have ever had, Martin." I kissed his bald spot again.

"You brought it out in me. I have not come more than once since my twenties. I am just a balding, old man." I kissed it again.

"I like your bald spot. I think it is sexy. And rest up, we are going for three." With that he climbed up on the pillow next to mine. I rolled over and pressed my thigh over his cock while running my fingers through his thick chest hair. 

"My darling, we need to have a serious talk." I was pretty sure where he was going with this. I was about to be let down gently. "This afternoon has shown me something I have long denied myself. I do not want to put any pressure on you for further relations, but I am going home this afternoon and tell Barb I want a divorce. I am done. I have been miserable for at least ten years and so has she. But once I get this resolved, I would love to see you again."

"I would love nothing more. I cannot explain it, Martin, but I have feelings for you that are much deeper than they should be at this point. I feel like I am falling in love with you." I could not believe I had said that. I was scaring him off. There was no way around it. 

"Please don't say that, Amanda." I knew it. I am so stupid. "I feel the same way. It is too much for me to hope that you feel the same way." We just lay in each others' arms for another hour. Finally, Martin spoke again. "There is no point in avoiding the inevitable. I need to go and clean things up so we can be together." He got out of bed and began rounding up his clothes. "Do you mind if I take a quick shower?" I nodded. I was tempted to surprise him in the shower, but I did not want to complicate things further. I know he said he wanted a divorce and to explore a relationship with me, but I knew there was also a possibility that he would walk out the door and I would never see him again. He emerged from the bathroom fully dressed. He walked over to the bed and leaned down and kissed me deeply. I wanted to follow him to the door, but he signaled for me to stay in bed. "I will call you tonight, my darling." With that, he turned and walked out of the room.

Hours passed. I heard nothing. I was sure he had backed out. Why had I allowed myself to succumb to an afternoon of pleasure with a married man? I knew better. About ten o'clock, I was just drifting off to sleep when there was a knock at the door. I looked through the peephole and could see Martin with a suitcase and a bouquet of pale pink roses. I opened the door.

"I did not know where else to go."

"Come in." I did not know how to respond. I wanted to jump in his arms, but it was not lost on me that as much as he claimed to want it, he was ending a very long relationship. My fears were assuaged. He handed me the flowers and then pulled me into a kiss. I dropped them on the floor I was so caught up in the kiss. 

"It was brutal. But, in the end, she saw that I was right. There was yelling. There was screaming. There was the entire 'What will everyone say?' argument. Finally, I offered up a number and she decided she could buy other peoples' opinions. I guess she was oblivious to how much money we actually have. I offered half. She can have the house. I don't want it. I don't want to fight with her. I just want it simple and done. I want to move on with you, if you want me."
