 A Life Changing Experience, or, The Day I Met Vivian

From the moment I met Vivian, I knew my life would never be the same.

At 23, I was happy with my life. I owned, and ran a large, very popular fitness center and was making plans to open a second one in a nearby town. The center, along with a few well placed investments, gave me an annual income in the six figure category, allowing me to live a very, very nice lifestyle. All in all, life was good. I dated regularly, though never finding the "right"girl, and had several good friends. I traveled the world, and pretty much did what I wanted. At the time, I did not realize something was missing.

Then I met Vivian.

I was in the juice bar, taking it easy in between the martial art classes I taught at the center, and feeling that life was good. I had a fruit smoothie in my hand, and was leaning back, glancing over a few documents that needed my attention, not paying much attention to what was going on around me. 

Then, like a breath of spring air, Vivian came in. 

I will never know why I chose that moment to look up, but I am oh so glad I did! 

Vivian swayed into the room, the usual pregnant waddle turned into sensual poetry by her swaying hips and amazingly smooth grace. She had wavy blond hair that fell to her shoulders in a shimmer of silk, glowing, smooth, sun kissed skin, and a face that would give wet dreams to a priest. Big, bright blue bedroom eyes gazed about the room from beneath lovely brows and long lashes, and she had a sensually wide, full-lipped mouth that looked like she could suck a bowling ball through a garden hose. And boy was she pregnant!

Vivian looked like she was about ten and a half months pregnant to me. I've never seen a woman so pregnant , with such a big, round, gravid belly. Her breasts were enormous as well, resting on her belly like half-inflated footballs, dark, stiff nipples clearly visible through her outfit. The overall package was amazing! The woman was drop-dead,cum-in-your-pants gorgeous anyway - her face would have looked at home on the cover of any magazine you can name - but oh, was she pregnant! Her belly was magnificent, stupendous, awesome; it pushed the fabric of her red, sleeveless leotard outward until it looked like sheer stocking-material. I could see her popped-out navel clearly through the stretched, distended fabric. Her tits showed over eight inches of luscious cleavage, smooth pillowy tit-meat bulging out of her low-cut leotard like rising dough. To make matters worse, it was clear that she wore no underwear at all - there was no pantyline at her waist or hips,and her big, tight, round ass jiggled freely when she moved.

I tried not to stare, but she was so hot, and so pregnant! Somehow, Vivian felt me staring at her. She turned around, and looked me straight in the eye, letting me know I was busted. At first, I thought I was in big trouble, till I saw the mischevious sparkle in her eyes. She gave me a big smile and headed for the bar, her broad ass working as she slowly walked by. 

I was in torture, my mind reeling from the lucious, sensual pregnant beauty before me. My cock was rock hared, and fighting to get loose. I wondered if she knew what kind of effect she was having on me. I looked up at her face, and she winked at me, smiled, then slowly licked her pillowy lips - running her tongue all around her open mouth with a lascivious leer. She knew, all right. She knew. 

I watched, awestruck, as she made her way to the bar, slowly seated herself on one of the stools, one slender arm draped over the huge sphere of her belly, and ordered a smoothie. 

My mind was racing with questions....was she married? How far along was she? Would she be interested in a date? These thought filled my mind, as did many hot, erotic images involving me, her, and satin sheets. Finally, after staring at her for what seemed like an eternity, and getting several signals from her, I decided to go for it.

I rose to my feet, in what I hoped was a casual motion, and immediately realized that I had a massive erection bulging out of my gi. I glanced up, a bit flushed with emberassment, and realized Vivian was watching me closely, her eyes flicking to the big bulge in my pants. I thought I saw a slight flush cover her cheeks, as well as a new light flash in her eyes, but I was too nervous to really give it much attention. 

I made my way over to the bar, took the seat next to her after receiving an inviting smile, and did the best thing I have ever done in my life. 

I said 'hello,' and introduced myself. 

"My name is Mark Braxer."

Her smile was lovely, a brilliant flash of pearly whites that seemed to outshine the sun. She held out a slender hand as she said, "Nice to meet you Mark, I'm Vivian Monroe." In a sensually low, throaty voice that almost purred from her lovely lips. 

After that, we started talking. She told me she was 22, single, and in her sixth month of pregnancy with triplets. She was obviously thrilled with being pregnant, her hands were always stroking her swollen belly, and her eyes danced whenever she talked about the babies. At one point, she asked me if I wanted to touch her belly. I could barely keep my voice calm as I admitted that yes, I did want to. Her smile was radiant as she took my hand and placed it on her gravid waist. I was in heaven, I revelled in the feel of her softly firm, heavy, swollen belly beneath my fingers. I could feel the warmth of her skin through the fabric of her leotard, and I moved my hand in wide circles so I could cover her whole belly. Vivian loved it. She closed her eyes with a soft sigh of pleasure, her head rolling back slightly, and placed one of her hands on mine, seeming to take pleasure in feeling my hand as I felt her. As I touched her, we continued to talk. She told me that her boyfriend had left her when he found out she was pregnant, and she had been on her own since. Her parents had money, so she was not worried about supporting herself, or her babies, and she was working on starting up her own softwared development company. Since her boyfriend had left, she had not been out on a date with anyone. "No one seems to be interested in dating a big, pregnant girl like me." Vivian sighed in a playfully sad tone, her lower lip pulling out in a playful pout as she cupped her big belly in her slender hands. Then she looked at me, her eyes becoming warm and inviting as she said. "but I think that is about to change. What do you think, Mark?"

"I think I would love to go out with you." I said in a rush, amazed that I was being so forward about it.

"And I would love to go out with you." Vivian said softly, her eyes shining as she raised a slender hand to carress my cheek.

"How about tonight?" I said without thinking. Then, seeing her eyes go distant, as though she was thinking something important, I realized that it was likely not possible, (and to forward of me) that she could go out tonight. I quickly started to apologize, but Vivian cut me off with a lovely smile and a slender finger raised to my lips.

"Tonight will be fine." She purred, her low, throaty voice making my cock twitch. Vivian gave me her address, and asked me to pick her up at 7. I agreed breathelessly, amazed that this sensual, ripe, fertility goddess was agreeing to go out with me. Then, with my help, Vivian slowly slid off the bar stool and headed for the door. As she headed out toward the lobby, she looked back over her shoulder, and gave me a look that nearly made me cream my shorts. "I'll see you tonight." She purred.

I was at her house at 7 sharp, dressed in my casual best, and looking forward to the date with a mix of anxiety and outright lust. 

I pressed the buzzer, and Vivian's voice came over the intercom asking me to come in. She told me to go up the stairs, and enter the room at the end of the hall. Not knowing what to expect, I did as she asked. A moment before I opened the door, I realized that it was likely her bedroom I was about to enter. When I opened the door, I saw a sight that nearly made my heart stop.

Vivian was there in front of me, completely naked, down on her hands and knees, with her profile to me, presenting the most erotic, sensual, beautiful sight I have ever seen. 

Her big belly brushed the floor, and her huge nipples swung barely an inch above it. As I watched, she smiled, turned away from me, said, "I've been waiting for you."and got to her feet. Sounds innocent enough, eh? She got to her feet. But it was the most devastating thing I'd ever seen. 

First she planted one barefoot out beside her and lifted her heel, posing her bare leg gracefully -and showing her shaved, gaping pussy from the rear as she framed her huge heavy belly and tits with her arched leg. She smiled back at me, then winked. Then, she planted the other foot, with her hands still on the floor; she was squatting low and wide open now, wantonly showing off her hot sex. Her pussy lips flared out like flowerpetals, her round, firm asscheeks split wide to show her pink, twitching asshole -and her enormous belly was still touching the floor. She smirked back at me over her shoulder, and purred "Like it?" Then she finally, slowly, stood,making sure that her bare ass stuck out at my face as she straightened.

I stared at the woman standing there naked in front of me; she was the most beautiful, sexy thing I had ever seen. Her tits and belly were unbelievably huge, her pouting pussymound protruding vulnerableand bare. I was staring shamelessly at her, my desire for her shining in my eyes. After what felt like an eternity, I lookedup; she smiled. 

Then, she was in my arms, pressing herself against me, her huge belly nearly crushing my erection and her massive tits pressing so hard against my chest I could feel her stiff nipples through my shirt. I saw the overwheming desire in her eyes, and gave in to my own need. 

Our lips met, and the sexual tension from a few hours before was released. Our hands carressed and stroked one another's bodies, each of us reveling in the feel of the other. I don't know how, but in an instant, I was naked and pressing my muscular form against Vivian's gravid luciousness. Feeling her taut, swollen belly against me was nearly driving me over the edge. I did not know how much longer I would be able to hold off. Just the feel of her against me was almost enough to make me cum! 

Vivian ender our passionate kissing and carressing with a gasp, her eyes smokey with desire and need. I felt slender fingers caress my cum heavy balls, encircle my hardness and stroke it as she purred. "I want this in me.....now."

Vivian moved to the bed, slowly lowering her gravid form onto the sheets. She slowly lay back, spreading her legs as she did so, exposing and opening herself to me. I watched in naked, lusting awe as she brought her hands to the warm, moist hole between her legs and carressed her swollen lips. She cooed and moaned as she masturbatred in front of me, her voice pleading with me to stick my member into her body. I stepped forward, and gently pressed my member against her lips, circling her sex with my hardness, but not entering.

Vivian gasped and twisted from my touch, still holdingherself open. "Please," she begged, and , unable to resist any longer, I slid it in. 

She was white-hot and slick as oil. I pumped her deep and slow, making her moan with delight from the slow entrance of my thick hardness. I suspected that slamming it in fast and ferocious wasn't advisable in her condition, so I tried to hold back, but Vivian was having none of that. She ground her hips against me, moaning animalisticaly and telling me to do her hard. Wanting to please her, and trusting that she knew how far she could go, I did as she asked. Soon, we were pounding against one another, our bodies slapping audibly as she met each thrust of mine with a powerful one of her own. Vivian was nearly screaming in her passionate heat, her hands clutching at the sheets, her head rolling from side to side, or bouncing up and down as she cried out again and again. Her big, milk swollen tits sloshed liquidly as they slapped against her huge belly, milky droplets spraying out from the impact. Vivian came after only a short time, shuddering and hissing with orgasmic release, and I realized that she was even hornier than I was. I brought her to two more orgasms, each time reveling in her moans and cries of release, before I finally came, spilling my seed into her ripe, lush body. Afterwards, I helped her slide her heavy, swollen body up to the pillows, pulled the covers over us, and held her close as we drifted off to sleep.

We made love three times more that night, each time as wonderful as the first. The last one we did in the dark, going only by feel, Vivian's lush, gravid body riding me, allowing me to revel in all the curves and swells that dominated Vivian's body. I was in paradise, and as we dropped off to sleep once again, I realized that I had been missing something in my life, something Vivian had given me. 

I awoke the next morning feeling as though I had had the most wonderful, restful night's sleep of my life. I stretched slowly, then raised myself to a seated position, legs hanging over the edge of the bed. 

I looked up,and there was Vivian standing in front of me, her enormous belly in my face, a sexy, sensual smile on her lips and a hot light in her eyes. I smiled up at her, then kissed her big belly softly, smiling as she cooed delight. Then, she slowly bent over, spreading her legs to accomodate her swollen form, and kissed me, long and slow, on the lips. 

"Good morning." She purred, her voice smoky and full of sensual promise. "Come with me." 

I quickly rose to my feet and followed her, my stiff cock leading the way. 

Vivian lead me to her master bathroom, a huge affair with a massive soaker tub in one corner and a big, triple headed shower in the other. Suspecting what she had in mind, I began to grin as she led me to the shower stall. 

Vivian started the warm spray, then stepped in, smiling at me as she said, "It's kind of hard to wash in my condition. Want to help me?" 

I was in the shower in the blink of an eye, and for the next few moments, Vivian and I took turns soaping each other up. Once we were slick with slippery soap lather, we started carressing and stroking one another, pressing our soapy bodies together as we kissed. My hands had all the soapy tit they could feel, and my cock was continually slipping and sliding against Vivian's big swollen belly. Let me tell you, there is nothing like feeling a soapy, pregnant body pressing against you! I did my best to grab and feel and stroke all the naked skin I could reach. It was so much fun, I was soon hard as a rock, and that was just what Vivian had been waiting for. 

She eased me down until I was lying on the warm, wet tile floor. You can't imagine the view from there. Vivian peering down at me over her huge tits and belly, grinning wantonly, me staring straight up at her hot, wet snatch. Then Vivian slowly, awkwardly straddled me. She was crouching over me, glistening and naked, her hairless,gleaming pussy-mound split wide open. It was swollen and fiery-red, thickly coated with juice. She was finally poised with her soft pussy lips kissing the tip of my soapy bone. "You want me?" she breathed, watching my face. She rotated her ass slowly, her pussy slid around and around on my cockhead. She was teasing me, like I teased her the night before. But she wanted me to badly to hold out for long, and after only a few moments, she dropped all the way down on me, making me moan with pleasure as she enveloped me in her hot, wet silk. 

Vivan's pussy was hot as an oven and squeezed my cock like a sucking mouth. She smiled down at me and began to bounce gently, her bare pussy slapping against me wetly. She was so beautiful, so hot, so sexy, and so pregnant, I felt like I was making love to a pregnant goddess! I stroked her legs adoringly and slid my hands around and around her belly; I reached up and took her huge nipples in my hands and squeezed them as I would an overfilled cow's udder. She shuddered and screwed herself down on me harder, breathing faster. I was determined to outlast her, but they way her snatch was squeezing and caressing me, I wasn't sure I would be able to! We were soon grunting and straining, struggling to hold back our orgasms. Vivian's lovely face was distorted, congested with her oncoming climax,teeth gritted as if in pain, eyes alternately squeezing shut, then bursting open as she screamed out her passion. She hunched and fucked hungrily as her pretty fingers clutched desperately at her breasts and belly, or clutched at my arms. I reached down under the curve of her big bloated belly, and stroked her clit. Vivian cried out, throwing her head back, her mouth opening helplessly as I massaged her hot sex button. Her pussy began to make juicy squishing sounds on my cock as she pumped on it. 

Finally, unable to resist the pleasure anymore, we gave up at the same moment. She sat heavily, all the way down on my cock, as I grunted and started blasting her out. Long, steaming squirts of sperm jetted into her grasping, clutching hole as we looked into each others' eyes, squinting through our explosive orgasms and making a connection the likes of which I had never experienced before. As we climaxed, I had one of her huge nipples clutched in one hand and was squeezing her bursting clit with the finger and thumb of the other. My lovely Vivian jerked and spasmed for long, long seconds on my spurting cock as I gave her all I thought I had, then gave her more as she squeezed me dry. 

Afterward, I helped Vivian heave her swollen body off me and took the time to washed her gently and carefully , reveling in the feel of her soapy, naked, pregnant body relaxing against mine as I washed her. She stepped out of the shower, so I could wash off, and I heard her singing softly to herself as she stepped out the bathroom door. 

I completed my shower, dried off, pulled on my clothes, and made my way down to the kitchen. 

Vivian was there, wearing an unbuttoned button down shirt, her huge breasts held up by a lace trimmed, white satin bra, and as she turned toward me I could see a matching pair of panties curving around her lush, generous ass. Oh man was she HOT!!! Her big, round, wonderful belly bulged out hugely from her sleek, toned body, creating a ripe, gravid slope that I just had to run my hands down. Vivian smiled as I came close and placed my hands on her big belly, then lowered my face to hers for a soft kiss. 

"What a way to end a date." I chuckled softly, already wanting to see her again, and knowing she wanted to see me again.

The throaty purr of her voice confirmed her feelings as she husked, "End? Baby, we're just getting started!"

The End? 

Not if I get feedback! 