 Your hair shimmers in the moonlight as we take a walk on a warm July night. You're wearing a long summer dress sort of like a sarong and sandals. You've borrowed a light fleece of mine because your top is only made of soft cotton. We are heading towards the reservoir by my house. We are talking about futures and careers as well as you and me and how we met. We are walking hand in hand as we reach the reservoir the view is fantastic. The city lights glimmer like stars across the water casting dancing shadows with the waves. I pull a blanket out of my backpack and we snuggle into it on the edge of the water. 

We have just met but for some unexplainable reason we seem to fall into sink with each other. Our goals are similar and we find each other exciting for no particular reason. Quickly I stand up taking you bye surprise and say "Let's go down to the dock!" You really don't care where we go just as long as we can snuggle up with each other. So we hike down to the dock. I trip going down the rocky bank but manage to come out of it with only a minor scrape on my elbow. It stings a little but my mind is else where right now. You for some reason seem to think it's funny and laugh hysterically all the way to the dock. 

We get to the dock and look out along the length of the long phallic shaped floating dock and start down it. It sways and rises with the ripples of the water. They make soft sounds as they connect with the dock from all angles and sizes. As we get to the end of the dock we look back and see nothing but darkness. I've been here before many times and when you lie down on the dock it feels as though you're floating away with the current. 

You comment on how beautiful the stars are and I take you and gaze deep into your eyes and say, "Nothing could compare with the beauty of your eyes." I hold you like that for just a moment before planting a soft moist kiss right on your lips. I feel your mouth open a little and I can taste your sweet breath on my tongue. As you move your tongue to enter my mouth I pull away teasingly. You sigh with a mix of frustration and need. I hear you go about getting busy setting down the blanket. I reach into my backpack and pull out some candles and a bottle of red wine. I place the candles around us (well away from the blanket) and crack open the beautifully bodied red. I reach back into my backpack and lift out two crystal wine goblets and pour us each a glass of it. You take a deep gulp and savour the aroma and flavor of it. 

We laugh and talk about things we can't talk about with anyone else to us it seems like it would be everyday conversation. We're sitting close I have my arm around you and your head is resting gently on my shoulder. The conversation leads to intimate things and I feel your body heat rise a bit. We are gazing at the stars and you lay on your back with your head resting on my lap. I'm stroking your hair and passing my hand gently over your face. Your eyes are closed and you ask me to kiss you again. I get up from my cross-legged position and move to lie beside you. I move on top of you and plant a slow romantic kiss on your full mouth. You respond by bringing your hand up to the back of my neck as though to capture me here (like I'm going anywhere). 

Our tongues dance across one another and we kiss deeply our breathing falling into rhythm together. You roll me onto my back and bring one leg over me. I can feel the heat from you as you press your self onto me. Our kissing becomes hungry and lusting. Soon kissing isn't enough to quench the hunger. I move my hands down your back to your butt. You press yourself into me again feeling me growing. You take your lips away from mine and proceed to run little circles with your tongue down my neck. I love the way your hair smells as it passes over my face. My hands are moving up your back underneath the fleece and under your soft cotton top to your warm smooth skin. I feel Goosebumps appear because my hands are a little chilly. I move my hands all over your back holding you close and applying pressure by your hips as though to scream at you to relieve the pressure. 

You are more than interested at doing the same thing and roll off of me so you can get a better angle on my clothes. I fumble with the fleece as you try to work at my beltbuckle. As the fleece comes off it reveals you in the moonlight. I tell you to stay right where you are and that you look so beautiful right now. I ask you to take off your shirt still keeping you at an arms distance. You hesitate and look around but you realize that we are all alone out here and slowly teasingly remove your shirt. You go to move to me again but I stop you one more time. I ask you what you would want my hands to do if they could do anything right now. Your nipples are getting hard and I can tell that this is not what you had expected. You answer by giggling and trying joke it off. But I tell you to show me and you look in my eyes and know that I am serious. You start by turning around so as to keep me from seeing you and you run your hands over your back shoulders and your neck. Your left hand travels down your side gently passing over the soft supple edge of your breast down to your thigh. 

I ask you to turn around and face me. You hesitate again but then turn and present yourself to me. You pass your hands over your breasts along the top of your chest and just as they go past you bring them together holding each breast firmly. Your nipples call to me I think and I move to you and take the right one in my mouth. It tastes wonderful and I am intoxicated by every little detail of it. I run my tongue softly all the way around it and then take it in my mouth and suck it deeply again. My other hand moves to your left breast and firmly takes hold of it. 

I tell you not to touch me only to touch yourself. You take your hand off of my head and I lay you back onto the dock. You move your hands down your belly and rub your inner thighs through your sarong. I'm rolling your nipples between my thumb and forefingers while running my tongue up your neck starting at your shoulder. You press your hand into your crotch and I hear your breathing become erratic. I whisper to you to make little circles with your hand over your pussy. 

Our lips meet again and my hand travels away from our chest and pulls your sarong knot open. I move my hand onto yours and pass through the open sarong to your hot moistness. I keep my hand over yours so I have not touched you yet. I tell you to pleasure yourself wet and run my mouth down to your nipples again changing from one to the other. I feel your fingers becoming sticky with your passion juices and I tell you to put a finger into your tight hot pussy. You moan as your first knuckle enters followed by the rest of your finger plus your middle finger. My hand is still pressed over yours making pressure as you buck your hips slowly to your fingers rhythm. 

My mouth is hot on your breasts and I slowly start to kiss down your chest to your stomach taking time to trace the little peachfuzz of your belly button with my tongue. It's unbelievable how sticky my hand is getting as your tempo increases. It gets a little more difficult to avoid contact with your pussy. Occasionally it slips off yours and brushes against your impossibly soft lips. I ask you if you like to masturbate. You answer yes through clenched teeth and heavy deep breaths. I ask you if you like to orgasm, again you answer yes this time a little more impatient. I ask you if you'd cum for me right now if I asked you to and without a heartbeat between you start to manipulate your pussy with both hands pushing mine away. Both hands are working furiously on your pussy, one is two fingers deep into it and the other is quickly rubbing your clitoris back and forth pinching it and kneading it with your fingers. 

I move down between your legs to watch you get yourself off. I plant little kisses all up and down the inside of you legs rubbing each one of them as you continue to bring yourself to climax. I lift up your left leg and bring your toe to my lips (ever had your toes sucked?) and put your big toe in my mouth. The sensations run up your body and you start to moan and cry out. I can see your pussy getting wetter and wetter. I can't stay away any longer and I suck on my right index finger and slowly insert it into the bottom of your pussy while you continue to use all other parts of it. I increase the temp and our hands are working at different paces. I'm imagining the sensations you must be experiencing when you cry out. Your hands freeze up a bit and I take over sliding in another finger and placing my mouth over your juicy swollen clit. Four fingers inside you working for one common goal and you explode. I try to suck up all the ambrosia you have but you keep getting wetter and wetter. Your quite loud now and I don't for a second stop my assault on your pussy. Sucking and nibbling at your swollen red lips that are wrapped around my finger. 

You pull your fingers out and cling onto me as I curl my fingers upward inside you searching for your gspot. I pull them right to the soft ridges around the opening and then slide them with a smooth twist back deeply inside you. You're crying out for more and running your nails coarsely through my hair. Both your hands move to your breasts in an effort to quench your hunger. I slip in a third finger and start stroking where your Gspot is. My tongue has started dancing quickly over your clit. You taste so good I can't get enough of it. The sensation of vertigo and the openness of this all has taken you to a point of no return. You cry out my name and with your contractions on my fingers I know there is another wave coming. I increase tempo for a few moments and then slow it right down. You can't believe I'm doing this and tell me not to stop. It sounds so sexy coming from you in little breathes "don't stop don't stop". 

I reach into the reservoir and get a little handful of water. Just as your cumming again I rub the cold night chilled water onto your clit and spank it lightly a few times. You erupt in a state of orgasmic madness and your ambrosia actually squirts from your pussy onto me. I keep licking and sucking as best I can but your bucking is wild and dangerous. You thrash on the dock as you pussy continues to pour out ambrosia. Gently I remove my fingers from you and try to kiss you deeply again but your lips are frozen in pleasure. You are shaking and take hold of me tightly. Finally we kiss again and all I can think of is how incredible life is sometimes presenting us with these opportunities. 

**Sometimes I get carried away when I write :) Please feel free to vote or drop me a personal message with comments on this encounter.** 