 Again... Summer. But this time it wasn't love. It was lust. Alex had released the nymph in me and I was keen to explore. My best friend Sammie and I had spent a beautiful sunny day down in the local park. We started our walk home as the sun was slowly setting in the sky. It's unbelievable heat still shining down on our golden skin. Chatter was usual between us. It didn't matter if there was nothing interesting happening because we would talk about anything and everything. As we were nearing home we noticed two figures walking towards us. I recognised them as two boys from the year above at our school.

"Isn't that Luc and Aaron?" Sammie said, quietly. "I used to be seeing Aaron a few years ago. Those boys are fine!"

As they got closer I realised she was right. Luc and Aaron were most certainly good looking. Luc looked up and his eyes caught to mine. He had the most beautiful green eyes. I realised I was staring and dropped my gaze hastily. Sammie, shameless as ever, flicked her hair, added an extra layer of lipgloss and walked on confidently. She flashed the boys a beaming smile.

"Hey Aaron, Luc! Where are you guys off to?" she called. They slowly came to a stop in front of us, looking us up and down, which of course, Sammie loved. She had always revelled in male attention.

"Hey Sam, Krist! We're just heading down to the park." said Aaron. "A few of the boys have some cider so we're just gonna' chill and play a bit of footie. Why don't you come down?" Sammie looked positively ecstatic at the idea but I jumped in before she could say anything that I would regret.

"Oh, thanks Aar, but we just came up from down there. We're meeting some friends in a bit, remember Sam?" I nudged her.

"Oh shit, yeah, I forgot. Sorry boys, maybe next time?" she said, batting her eyelashes.

"Definitely, we'll give you a call next time we're out. Or we could just arrange something for the four of us?" he flashed a cheeky wink in our direction. Luc stayed quiet. Not once did he avert his gaze from my face. Aaron nudged him.

"Oh.. Yeah... Sure. Umm, I have a free house this weekend if we're up for it? Let us know!" Luc said, speaking directly to me.

"We will definitely do that! See you soon!" jabbered Sammie putting her number into Aaron's phone and grabbing me by the arm and pulling me away.

After we were 10 yards down the street she went into overdrive.

"Oh my god, I can't believe that! Do you know what this means? We are the only girls our age to be invited to Luc's house! He has parties there all the time but only ever for his year group! Aaron still wants me, I can tell. Look back, is he looking at me?"

I glanced back over my shoulder to find them both still standing there. Aaron smiling and talking animatedly like Sammie and Luc, just watching. It unnerved me that he could just stare me out like that. Like he knew something and it was about me. 

"Yeah he's checking you out!" I said enthusiastically.

"Oh my god, I knew it!" she squealed. "And look at you, Miss Thang! Did you see the way Luc was looking at you!"

"You saw it too right?"

"Hell yeah, I saw it! He couldn't keep his eye's off you! You are definitely in there!"

I didn't voice my concerns to Sammie. I let her have her moment of unashamed flirting.

We didn't hear from the boys about that weekend. Not that we contacted them either. We always had plans well in advance. We had places to go and new people to meet because that was the type of people we were. Some would call us sluts, we just wanted to live whilst we were young!

A few days later I was home, goofing off on my computer. My older sister was bugging me to use it so I just plugged my headphones in and blocked her out. Of course, she was furious but I didn't really give a shit. I had an attitude that was twice that of hers at my age. My email beeped, alerting me that I had a message, but being the privacy freak that I was back then, I couldn't open it until she was gone!

"Just let me fucking use it, you're on it all the time! Stop being a spoilt little bastard and let me email my friends so I can go out and get on with my life! Not that you'd know because you haven't got one!"

I knew she wouldn't stop, she was on a roll. There was only one thing for it. I knew my mother was in a good mood because she'd offered me ice-cream when I came in. So, off I went...

"MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMM!!" 

My sisters face dropped. Her expression went from confusion, to realisation, to fury! 

" You do realise you'll get grounded as well for arguing?"

"MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMMMM!!"

There was the sound of a foot hitting the bottom of the stairs. A smile spread across my face. 

"Yeah, maybe." I said a little smugly. "But if you check the time-table, it's my turn." 

A look of dread flashed across her face. My mother burst into the bedroom.

"WHAT is going on now?" she demanded. Amy dived.

"I only wanted to go on there for two seconds to email Richard and the girls to find out where they are and where they're all going but she's being so spiteful and wont even let me do that and its not fair, I'm not a child, I should have my own computer, and my own bedroom, instead of sharing with her all the time, she's horrible to me, and I never get to do anything because she's always here first, and I swear to god I'm moving out as soon as I finish school, I can't wait. ARGHHH!" she stormed passed my mother, down the stairs and out of the house.

"Well, that was easy." my mother, mused. "Behave yourself now! Stop winding her up!"

I smiled and privately congratulated myself for not getting into trouble. The second my mother left my bedroom I maximised my emails onto my computer screen. 

I'd received an email 10 minutes ago from... Luc?

Lucus MAXimus: Hey babe. You okay? xx

I didn't know what to do. I just froze, my heart in my mouth... My stomach bubbling with anticipation. He was still online. I slowly and carefully wrote an email back, analysing every inch of it.

KizzyG: Hey dude :) Yeah I'm good thanks, how are you? xx

GOOD! Not trying too hard but still keeping it interesting. PING!

Lucus MAXimus: I'm good thanks babe :) What happened last weekend. We had no phonecall. I thought we were guna meet up? xx

KizzyG: Awh sorry, we didn't hear from you so we made other plans. We'll re-arrange though, yeah? :) xx

Lucus MAXimus: Oh, it's okay :) yeah sure, you can come up now if you want? ;) xx

OH MY GOD. Did I read that right? Did he just ask me up his house? Like, for real? Right, play it cool.

KizzyG: Umm, sure. I'll see if I can phone Sammie now :) xx

Lucus MAXimus: NO

Lucus MAXimus: Sorry, I meant, just me and you could hang out? :) xx

OH. MY. GOD. He did just ask me up his house. Do I go? Do I not go? I mean, I know Luc is supposed to be quite a player and a ladies man. What would we do? I've never really spoken to him before!

KizzyG: Umm, yeah okay. I could for an hour. What should we do? Watch a film? :) xx

Lucus MAXimus: Sure ;) I have a good collection. Unless you wana bring something of yours? No girly shit though. I don't do that :P xx

Oh jesus! We're actually having a conversation!

KizzyG: No it's fine, I trust your film collection ;) haha... Where do you live? I'll be right there? xx

Lucus MAXimus: I'll meet you by the roundabout by the shops? How far away do you live? xx

KizzyG: Just down the road, 2 minutes :) xx

Lucus MAXimus: Cool :) I'll see you in two then! xx

Oh shit. Oh shit. I've just told him I'd meet him in two minutes. What do I do? My make-up is done, my hair is done, my clothes are... off? Jesus I'm not dressed yet! I grabbed the phone off the stand in my room and dialled Sammies house number. She lived a bit further away so she'd never make it over here in time but at least she'd calm me down and talk some sense to me. 

Her dad answered on the second ring. Since we spent so much time together, her family practically called me their daughter anyway.

"Hey, baby girl." Came Ed's voice down the line. "I'll call her for you now." I heard him screaming her name and her bounding down the stairs. 

"Hee-"

"SAM HE JUST ASKED ME OUT AND I'M FREAKING. I'M MEETING HIM IN TWO MINUTES AND I'M STANDING HERE NAKE-"

"WOAH! Chill out... Who's asked you out?" she trailed excitedly.

"LUC" I practically shouted back. One of my two minutes were already gone.

"Right okay! Get your faded skinny's, put them on! Your ass looks good in them. You have an amazing cleavage but you don't want to be obvious. How about that faded blue cami your Mam got you last month?" She reeled off my wardrobe in a matter of seconds. We knew each other so well.

"PERFECT, brilliant! Thanks Sam, text you later!" I was about to put the phone down when she started.

"You listen to me!" I was practically having a breakdown trying to listen to her and pull my jeans up with a coat hanger. "Luc is known for taking advantage Krist'. I know it's all fun and games but you were really attached to Alex. I'm afraid you're going to get too attached to Luc too. Don't do anything with him! I dont want to see you get hurt!"

"I know Sam! I'm not an idiot. I know he only wants one thing. It's going to be so funny watching him try and not get anywhere!" I enthused, thinking that I could finally enjoy the attention for once. "I really got to run! I'll phone you when I get in!" 

I threw the phone down on my bed and hastily pulled my cami over my head. I ran down the stairs, said a hasty goodbye to my parents and practically ran out of the gate and up my street. Now the nerves were starting. The sun had just passed over the head of the sky and was falling rapidly into the afternoon. I realised in my haste I had forgotten a bra and chastised myself inside, almost turning around to put one on. I shook myself out and decided to live a little.

The closer I got to he roundabout the more nervous I felt. As I walked I noticed a tall figure standing at the edge of the road. It turned and stared at me as I made my way towards it. As I came closer my suspicions were proven true, it was Luc. He smiled warmly at me and I gave a shy smile back.

"Hey" he said simply.

"Hi" I said, blushing intensely.

"So you ready?" he asked. A smile playing about his lips.

"For what?" I blanched. A sudden unnerving excitement creeping over me.

"For the film?" he laughed. "What else would I be talking about."

I suddenly understood how he had a name for himself. I smiled and took the hand he offered me. He led me a few hundred yards down the road and turned down a path. Woah, I had never realised he lived so close! 

He unlocked the door and led us inside. The entrance hall was small, just big enough for me to squeeze passed him. But even then, my nipples brushed his chest, making them harden. I turned quickly so that he wouldn't notice. He took my hand and led me to his living room and sat us both on the sofa.

"Do you want a drink or something to eat?" he asked politely.

"Why?" I looked at him flirtatiously. "Are you going to cook for me?"

He smiled his sexy smile and leaned towards me. "A drink would be nice" I said confidently, putting a stop to his attempt to kiss me. More confident than I felt. 

He retreated slowly smiling and put some music on the television before going into the kitchen.

"Hey" I called. "I thought we were going to watch a film."

"Yeah, I thought we could chill with some music first" he said as he returned with two cold cans or Coke. 

It felt so cold I couldn't resist. I lifted my hair to the side and slowly and deliberately rubbed the can along the back of my neck, slowly rolling it around to the front of my throat, letting the condensation roll down onto my cleavage. Now my nipples were definitely hard. Luc looked at me with a hunger in his eyes. I popped the cap on the can and took a slow sip before setting it down. 

"So what were you doing today before I decided to kidnap you?" Luc asked giving me a deliberate smokey look.

"Oh that's what this is?" I said with a glint of humour. "Perhaps I should just run away then?"

"You wouldn't get far!" Luc said with no hint of a joke. "I wouldn't let you out of my sight"

My breathe hitched in my throat. He sounded so carnal. So raw. I knew in that moment I wanted him just as much as he wanted me. I didn't care about the consequences. He pulled my legs off of the floor onto his lap and leaned into me, and I leaned right on into him back. Right on cue, my phone rang. I lifted my ass off the sofa to fish it out of my jeans and Luc's hand replaced mine in my back pocket. He started grasping my ass cheek making me breathe a little faster. 

"Hello" I said absent-mindedly into my phone, not bothering to check my caller ID.

"I know where you are, are you stupid?" came a shrill voice from the other end.

"What? How?" I panicked. I mouthed to Luc it was Sammie before getting to my feet.

"I've just had a phone call. You were seen going into his house. By now half of the year above knows that you're there and they're all going to make their own assumptions!" she chastised me.

"Sam, calm down. I can handle myself. Nothing has happened." I said rolling my eyes at Luc who smiled his super sexy smile. "People can make assumptions all they want, I don't really care. Half of them don't even know who I am!"

"Krist' I'm on your Bebo account. You have 47 new friend requests and 9 mails from people you don't have on there asking are you with Luc!" Sammie informed me. She knew my passwords and I knew hers, we were close like that.

My heart dropped into my stomach. Shit. 

"Okay, okay! I get it. But there's not a lot I can do about it now is there? Who saw me?" I asked wanting to kill whoever had told everyone I was here and praying that my sister wouldn't find out.

"Rio's brother, Lance." Rio was in our year and Lance the year above. SHIT. I completely forgot they lived just down the street from here. "Krist' just get out of there. He's not worth it." 

"Okay!" I said, willing her to shut up and willing him not to hear her. 

She hung up and I turned to Luc. "Everybody suddenly knows I'm here! Your buddy told them."

"So?" he said nonchalantly. "We aren't allowed to hang out together?"

"It's not so much the hanging out as your reputation, Luc." I said, bluntly. "Everyone knows what you're like, that you're not interested in a girl unless she's putting out for you."

"You listen to me." he said grabbing my face in both of his hands. "I want you here because you seem like a cool girl. Yeah I have tried my moves, you can't blame me. You're hot! But if you're really worried we can just chill out, talk, listen to some music." 

"Okay." I said simply, hating that the spark between us was no more. "So where are your family?" 

"My brother has an awards ceremony so my folks are gone to that. What about you? You have any brothers and sisters?" he seemed genuinely interested.

"Yeah, I have two brothers and a sister. Kris is ten years older than me, James is six years older than me, and Amy is four years older than me. I'm the baby so they're very protective." I smiled at the shocked look on his face at the mention of my protective brothers. "Don't panic, they'll never find out I'm here!"

"So, your friends are warning you off me then?" My breathe caught in my throat, then he smiled. "It's fine, I personally think she's jealous that I have you all to myself." 

Just then my phone rang again. Of course it was Sammie. I silenced it and put it down.

"The disapproving friend?" he laughed.

"No, my next date." I smiled playfully. He laughed.

"So you're that type of girl are you?" he smiled at me pulling my legs back onto his lap, getting comfortable as Neyo's Sexy Love started playing from the television.

"I'm not any type of girl." I retorted. "I'm my own person. I'm one of a kind."

"I can tell that for myself." he answered, staring at me. My phone beeped. I picked it up to read the message from Sammie.

"Is that the other lover you're going to meet?" he grinned cheekily with mischief in his eyes.

"Wouldn't you like to know?" I teased sneakily. Just then he lunged for my phone as I held it high behind my head squealing with laughter.

I suddenly realised he was laying flush atop of me, and the laughter disappeared. Our eye's met and our lips came crashing together as my phone fell absently to the floor, forgotten. My hand went into his hair and his went to my ass. He moved on top of me fluidly, the hands of someone experienced... something that I wasn't so much.

His hands trailed around to my breasts and I arched my back to push them further into his grasp. He began pinching my already sensitive nipples between his fingers making me moan into his mouth. I could feel his erection poking into my hip as my legs were still across the sofa where his lap had been moments before. 

"Lets go upstairs." he breathed heavily.

"No." I breathed back. "It'll be too tempting."

He slowly moved his hands down to unbutton my jeans. I let him. He trailed kisses down my collar bone and over my breasts as he pulled them free from my cami. I let him. He gasped when he realised I was braless. He continued south, along my stomach and down to where my underwear were showing out of my open jeans. I let him.

He links his fingers into the loops of my jeans and tried to pull them down. I stopped him.

"Luc, we can't!" I panicked. He brought his face up to mine. 

"No sex if that's what you want... But lets just play a little. I can see you want me, and I want you more than anything right now. I knew I had to have you from the moment I saw you in school a few weeks ago. And then last week you were right in front of me, and I wanted you so bad! That's why I didn't phone you about my party. I didn't want you to see me in front of the guys. I wanted to spend time with you, to get to know you!" he reasoned. 

I looked straight into this boys beautiful green eyes and slowly lifted my ass off of the seat. In one fluid moment my jeans were on the floor along with my inhibitions. He stood and discarded his t-shirt, showing his perfectly toned abs. I sat up and ran my fingers over them as his hands tangled into my hair. I looked up into his eyes as I deliberately unbuttoned his jeans. They too joined the discarded items on his living room floor. 

His erection was perfectly clear in his sexy Calvins. And jesus was it big. My sexual experiences were limited to one guy but even I could tell that this was big. I trailed kisses along his happy trail whilst my fingers hooks into the waistband of his boxers. He stopped me and pulled me up so I was standing in front of him in nothing but my lace thong.

"You are driving me crazy!" he said into my mouth.

He turned me so my back was against his front. My arms over my head found their way around his neck as I slowly started moving to the sexy music emanating from his television. My ass pushing back into his erection. He pushed my head down until eventually I was bent over in front of him, my ass pointing up into the air so he could have a perfect view of my diamond and lace thong.

He took a step back to view me properly and I had honestly never felt so sexy. I slowly opened my legs and started to gently shake my ass, up and down, around and around, purely for his delight. I heard him let out a slow breath of air. I straightened up and did a slut drop right there in front of him and ended up stood flush against him, my back to his front. 

I let out a breathe of anticipation as I realised he no longer had his Calvins on and his big dick had ended up between my thighs. He started to move behind me, his arms reaching around to encircle me, his hands on his breasts. I started to move with him, slowly dancing around his living room naked. It was the single most erotic moment of my life. It was so new, and sexy. I had never danced with anyone like this.
