 It was never meant to be this way. For a few moments I was a washed with the kind of pleasure ever known to man. And yet I digress. It all started a month ago. I had been dating this man for almost a year and yet things in the bedroom weren't what I had expected. He has this body that most woman would kill to have in their men. The sculptured muscles, the well-toned ass that is so delectable to squeeze and a penis that would make most women swoon. But all that didn't matter much at first. 

At first there was a little foreplay from him that would make me become a puddle under him. But up until that faithful day I was getting frustrated. There were days he would come over, do a little foreplay and then "Wham Bam Thank you Ma'am" that was it. He would be done pounding into me in about 5 minutes and then give me a kiss and leave. After so many months of this kind of thing you get a little peeved too! So to relieve my frustrations, I bought a dildo. At first I was a little shy about using it. I mean come on! It's this plastic penis that I would have to use on myself. And I was never one for masturbation before but I figured "Oh well there is a first time for everything." After that I wasn't too frustrated with him because I always knew that I could finish things with my toy after he left. There were of course times that I didn't wait for him to come over to use it. 

This is where my real story starts on that faithful day. I had just come home from a stressful day of work and needed to relieve some of the pressure of every day life. And of course the first thing I did was strip down and take a shower. It was a hot and muggy day so when I got out of the shower I didn't think of it to walk around my house naked. What I didn't know was that he had come in while I was in the shower and was sitting in my living room waiting for me to get done. While I was in my room I got a little adventurous and started to explore my body in more detail. Up until then I had only just got myself a little wet enough for the dildo and that was it. But today I was in the mood to go a little further than that. 

At first I had started to explore on my breasts. Taking one nipple with my fingers and rolling it around and pinching it. It felt so good that I did the same with the other one and closed my eyes. At that time he had crept up the stairs to see what was going on and found me there like that. Unable to look away he sat down on the chair that was on the other side of the room. He had never seen me like this and it was such a turn on to see me pleasuring myself. I was shocked to find him there at first but I was so into it that I kept going. My fingers soon traveled over my body slowly and I finally touched the soft hair above my pussy. Then slowly I touched my clitoris and my body was racked with pleasure. Faster and harder my fingers moved. Almost as if I was reaching for some place I had never been before. By this time he had unzipped his pants and had his hard penis in his hands. 

I then grabbed the dildo and shoved it deep into my pussy. I was in the throes of passion, moaning and almost screaming not realizing the show I was giving. I was shoving the dildo as fast and as hard as I could do it while touching my clitoris with my other hand. I couldn't get enough of it all. 

All the while his hands were stroking his penis up and down to the tempo of the dildo. He was imagining that it was him that was doing all those delicious things to my body. He had never felt like this before! His hands working faster and faster upon his penis but he suddenly wanted more. 

He just couldn't stand to idly watch anymore of this, ripping his clothes off and jumped on the bed, throwing me on the bed in surprise! I gave a squeak that soon turned into a moan as I felt him take out the dildo and start to lick my pussy with a fury that I had never seen out of him. He pressed his mouth to my lips and pushed his tongue into the soft fleshy hole of my vagina. He found my enlarged clitoris with his lips and sucked it gently in to his mouth. 

I was fully aroused and becoming wetter, he lapped and sucked the whole of my pussy into his mouth, especially the tasty fleshy inside lips and I couldn't help but gasps, "Oooooooohhhhhhh Yeeeeeeesssss!" I screeched and I clamped his head with my thighs, gripping his hair with my hands. My orgasm lasted for a minute or more before my legs released him, he raised face from between my legs and I looked down on him in content.

He pushed my legs wide apart and before I could argue or stop him, his cock was inside my pussy just as far as that false thing had been inside me a few minutes earlier. He fucked me frantically, all my pent up passion suddenly released, it went on and on and I was thrilled by it, shouting "Fuck me, Oh God fuck me, Harder, Harder," using my legs and hands to pull him further into me. 

He was feeling very aggressive towards me and set up a vigorous motion, slamming into me so that my whole body shook. He plunged in and my pubic bone crashed against his, He watched my breasts bounce up and down as he raged on faster and harder. I was shaking and shuddering and scratching and biting. I screamed in passion as my orgasm burst from me. My violent orgasm triggered an enormous explosion from him and tingles gripped my body as I felt his cum spurting into my body.

Needless to say after that the only time I ever used the dildo was when he was in a more playful mood with me......