 The one thing I always said I'd never do was cheat on someone. It seemed like the ultimate in malicious acts; nothing else could hurt someone more. But, like your body and your interests and your friends and your life in general, I guess ideas evolve. I just reached the point where sex was all I could think about, and not with my boyfriend. It was literally killing me. I was going crazy. I had felt like this before, but not to the extent that it was outside my control. Now, it consumed me. I truly felt as though I was capable of having sex with someone without getting emotionally attached to them or letting it affect my relationship. I didn't like how I was feeling, but at the same time, it was exhilarating. 

One guy in particular was particularly hard to resist. I'll call him Brad, just for secrecy's sake. Where my boyfriend is laid back, so much so that his personality is way too agreeable at times, Brad was a lot quicker to act cocky. My boyfriend is a big guy, the kind a girl can snuggle with, but Brad is more the slender, elvish-looking type. In other words, my boyfriend is the type I can see myself marrying, the other is the type I can see myself fucking. Oh, and I saw it. Without even meaning to, I played it over in my head whenever I started spacing out in class At first, it pissed me off. "Nothing's ever going to happen, you know you won't let it," I told myself.

But the more we hung out, the more tempted I was. Our online conversations, originally the kind of joking banter between two people with nothing to say, become purely sexual. Pretty soon, it was hard to tell what was a joke, and what wasn't. And then, one night, that line was crossed. Do I regret it? I'm not sure, but it's definitely a good story. Anyways, the deep night, the lingering effects of a few shots in my system, and the disconnectedness of speaking online completely rid me of my inhibitions, and my morals. As usual, our conversations had become really sexual, and I was amazingly turned on. We started talking about giving and receiving head, and how he hadn't experienced it. 

I said, "I bet it would be incredible to suck your dick, because you've never had it done before." 

He said something along the lines of, "Yeah, it would be." 

Then I said, "Especially because I'm the best. You'd be going out with a bang." I just want to say right here that I don't do this often; I'm an attractive, athletic redhead who is constantly pursued by different guys, and I don't like being the aggressor. But in this case, I knew he wouldn't make the first move. 

Then I came out and said it: "I'll do it, you know… if you want me to. I'm serious." I waited in ridiculously tense agony for his response, which was, as expected, that he would defiantly want to try it. Once we agreed it was going to happen (in the back row of Lord of the Rings the next morning), we had a frantic conversation till about 4 AM about all our fantasies, the things we'd always wanted to try or have done to us. Although I'm really domineering in "real" life, I love a guy who tells me what to do in the sexual scene. Luckily, he was into the same thing. I paid attention to all the desires he expressed, knowing I'd act on them in a few hours. I finally crawled into my bed, my stomach tied in knots of desire and nagging guilt about my boyfriend. After about five orgasms, though, I forgot all about my boyfriend and focused on what was about to happen with Brad. I couldn't wait.

Brad had said the night before that it was a huge turn-on for a girl to wear a skirt with no panties, so naturally, I did just that. I wore a purple mini-skirt that highlighted my smooth, defined legs and a black lace top with a blood-red lace bra, one that I had bought a few days before to show my boyfriend. It was exhilarating, leading a double life the way I was… I waited for Brad in the movie lobby amid gazes from other patrons, lusty ones from men and bitchy ones from women. I didn't mind. Finally, I saw him. 

"Am I actually doing this?" I wondered in disbelief as he walked up to me, probably thinking the same thing. I felt like such a bad-ass. It was awesome. 

"You wore it?" he said, gesturing to my skirt. 

I grabbed him and put my lips to his ear, dragging the words out in a whisper: "and I'm not wearing anything underneath." A flush crept over his cheeks. 

"What a lucky guy," I thought to myself as we walked into the theater. He had scarcely kissed a girl, and I was about to corrupt him. Not to be self-praising, but I do know what I'm doing, and I have such an open mind, and I planned on showing him a good time. We walked up to the back row twenty minutes late, a girl in a miniskirt in the dead of winter and an extremely nervous-looking boy with a blushed face—I don't think our purpose for being there could have been any clearer if we had tried. We sat in a dark corner. Before anything could become awkward for him, I put up the armrest between us and placed my hand on his knee. "How do you feel?" I asked, but before he could answer, I kissed him. It was a wet, raw, hard kiss, the kind that screams "I want to fuck you," both on his part and mine. It sent a tingle of electricity through my body. My hand crept up his leg. He sighed softly. I moved my hand so slowly that it took five minutes to reach his cock, and by that time, his cock was rock solid. I gasped aloud at the size of it. My boyfriend isn't particularly well-endowed, so even an average dick seems big to me. Brad was definitely above average, and thick. I could feel the blood pulsing through the veins in his cock through his pants. While acting as if I was paying attention to the movie, I unzipped his pants and freed his cock, putting my jacket on his left side to block the view of the people in our row. 

"Well, there's no going back now," I thought, and wrapped my fingers around his engorged dick. We kissed again, and I felt his hand on my bare knee. "Good, he's being bolder now," I thought, as I ran my hands up and down his shaft. It was hard to focus, though, as I was preoccupied with his hand on my leg and the rush of cum wetting my pussy. Telling myself not to be selfish-yet- I went back to his cock, pumping up and down. His face was so hot—his eyes closed, his lips pursed in pleasure. Since I love sucking cock, I was so tempted to bend over and take all of him down my throat. But the night before, we had talked about teasing each other through the 3 hours of the movie, and I wasn't about to give in yet. I figured I would give him a small taste of what was to come, though. Catching him by surprise, I leaned down and swirled my tongue around the head of his dick, sucking and licking it. He gasped and slid his hand down my inner thigh. I pulled back

"Did you like that?" I cooed at him.

"That was… amazing," he replied, looking in awe. I looked at him, unable to get over how hot he was.

"Well, I'm not doing it yet," I teased. "Wait until Helm's Deep… everyone will be watching so closely they won't notice anything happening back here." (For those of you who don't know, Helm's Deep is a massive battle scene.)

"Ahhh… okay," he complained, laughing but appearing slightly pained. Over the half hour or so, I kept playing with his cock, occasionally bending over and teasing him with my tongue. I could tell he was uneasy about making the final move from my inner thigh to my pussy from his uncertain movements.

"So… you're really not wearing anything under that skirt?" he inquired.

"No," I said, smiling. I kissed his neck and put my hand over his, helping it to my pussy.

"Oh god, you're so wet," he groaned. Of course, this immediately brought another rush of cum between my legs.

"I know… you turn me on so much," I moaned. I jerked his cock faster. We shared another spine-tingling kiss. I knew he hadn't fingered anyone before, so I guided him a bit. I was paying attention to sucking his cock, so I was shocked when his finger drove deep inside me. I threw my head back and couldn't stop a loud moan from escaping my lips.

"Shhhh…" he whispered, capping his hand over my mouth. He checked to his side to see if there was any reaction from the people in our row. I couldn't care less if anyone knew what was going on at this point; I was in that zone where the physical is all that matters. I pulled his hand to my lips, licking my own cum off his fingers and sucking them as I wanted to do to his throbbing cock.

"Use two…" I moaned, and he thrust two fingers deep inside me. 

"Oh god… go harder," I begged him. He pulled my leg over his own and leaned over me, breathing hard. 

"I love your pussy," he said. The cum was practically gushing out of me. He went faster, making that motion with his fingers that says, "come here," sending wave after wave of pleasure through me. I buried my face in his shoulder, stifling cries of ecstasy. The waves started building.

"I'm gonna cum, oh god, oh god," I cried. I didn't care who heard me. I suddenly reached the peak, that explosion of incredible feeling like nothing else in the world. I bit his neck hard as it happened. It subsided, and I went back to his cock.

"Helm's Deep is coming pretty soon. Are you excited?" I asked him, winking.

"Yeah, you have no idea," he said. I leaned over and grabbed his cock. He shuddered and stroked my hair as I ran my tongue up and down the underside, stopping and sucking on the sensitive spots. I stopped and smiled at him.

"Not yet," I said, and kissed him.

"You're killing me," he said. A few minutes passed. As the forces onscreen prepared to do battle, we rearranged ourselves to be inconspicuous. The unmistakable clashing of weapons sounded across the theater. I looked around, and just as I thought, all eyes were on the action sequence. Brad and I locked eyes while I slid down over his cock. I took the head in my mouth, sucking on its reddish-purple tip, pumping the shaft with one hand. I kept looking up at him, the look of bliss on his attractive face an incredible turn-on. I took the length of his cock down my throat, my nose touching his stomach, and moved up and down, pausing to flick the head with my tongue. He had completely given up resistance now; there was no defiance in his body about being seen or being embarrassed. I sucked his cock passionately, as only a girl who loves sucking cock can do, loving the feel of it in my mouth and the little buck of his hips every time I went down. Just then, the theater was silent. I looked up to see that the battle scene had been spliced with one of the other characters' journey.

"Looks like it's not the battle scene right now. I don't think I can continue," I smirked evilly. He grabbed my face and pulled me to him.

"No, you have to. You have to," he moaned.

"Trust me, it will be even better this way," I reassured. I kept pumping his cock with my hand, and in a few minutes, the film returned to the battle scene, the audience's eyes to the screen, and my mouth to his dick. He was lasting an incredibly long time for someone who hadn't done anything sexual at all, as well as someone who endured the kind of torture I was putting him through. I wanted him to cum. I sucked his cock down my throat, then pumped the shaft while I sucked hard on the head, occasionally running my hands over it as well. I looked up at him, the same expression of pleasure drawn across his face.

"Tell me when you're going to cum," I whispered in his ear.

"Okay," he stammered. Then, a few moments later, "I'm going to cum… oh god…" I sucked hard and nearly choked when my mouth filled with a enormous shot of hot cum. It was the most cum I had ever seen, let alone swallowed. I licked it off and out of his cock like it was ice cream. We both sat back, having had a tremendous amount built-up sexual tension relieved.

"You're like a damn cannon, you know that? How the hell did you last that long? And… well, there was so much…" I said, in admiration. We both started laughing. The credits came up on the screen as the lights grew from pitch black to a dim gray. I didn't want to ruin the experience by speaking ethics, but I knew I had to.

"Listen, Brad…" I trailed off. "You won't tell anyone about this, right? Or I'll have to kick your ass," I said, grinning a little.

"Oh, no way," he said.

"Good, because you know, I have a lot to lose here. You don't."

"No, I know. Don't worry." He paused. "That was great."

"I know it was. I told you it would be," I said, cockily swishing my hair. "And things won't be weird between us, right? When we're all hanging out, I mean. We won't make plans to go and do this, but I'm sure it will happen again. Just tell me when you want to."

"Yeah, it will be fine," he said.

"Good." I smiled. "Yes. This is purely physical. It won't get weird," I said, although looking at his handsome face, I was starting to think that would be impossible.

Things did get weird as they got more intense, but eventually, we ended up together. It's funny how things work out.