 Sarah and I enjoyed lunch and coffee in town. We chatted about everything and anything, as we watched the world go by. As shoppers rushed past I found myself feeling almost guilty that I had nothing pressing which needed doing that weekend. The only thing pressing in fact was my cock in the waistband of my pants as my mind drifted to the morning's revelation that Sarah had a thing for both anal sex and being tied up. Exactly how much bum and how much bondage I didn't know yet but it was distracting me plenty!

"Hey," Sarah threw a sachet of sugar at me, "Hello!"

"Sorry, I got distracted.. er, just wondering.."

"You're thinking about my arse, aren't you? Come on, admit it." She laughed.

"Keep it down, there's people listening," I hissed, blushing.

"You prude, are you sure you're up for it?"

"Yeah, I just don't think everyone wants to know about it!"

Sarah nodded at a passing woman, probably our age or maybe a year or two older.

"What do you think of her shoes? Should I wear something like that, or something less practical. High, bedroom only heels or maybe boots? Look at them; imagine them resting on your arse while you fuck me."

The woman's heels were a dark, blood red and about 4" high. They were hot and her legs - she was wearing skinny jeans - looked great in them, I had to admit.

"I didn't say look at her arse, just the shoes!" scolded Sarah.

"I can't win, can I? You tell me to look and then tell me off for looking too much!" We both laughed. "What would you wear with them? In bed, I mean"

"What would you like? A basque? A corset? Maybe nothing else, just the heels on their own would be best. You tell me"

"It all sounds amazing. Have you been planning this? Do you have it already?"

"I have a few pairs of heels which might be suitable and maybe some underwear but I have some other ideas, too. I think I need to go shopping. Disappear for an hour or two and I'll see you back at the car."

Normally I'd be bored witless spending that long on my own in town but on this occasion I thought I might just about manage. I mooched about the shops, stopped for another coffee and killed the time until eventually my phone rang.

"Okay, I'm done, I'll be back at the car in 5, babe."

I hurried back to the carpark and saw Sarah closing the boot as I arrived.

"Hey! All sorted?"

"I think so. I guess we'll find out later, right?"

As we got in the car, Sarah leaned over and kissed me. 

"I am so horny right now, let's get back home. Is it too early to go to bed?"

"Funny you should say that, I was wondering that too!"

Back at the house, Sarah collected her shopping bags from the boot as I unlocked the front door. 

"Turn around, no peeking!"

"I wasn't!"

"You were! Hmm, is it too early for a glass of wine?"

"We're grownups and it's a Saturday - we can do what we like."

"Okay, grab a bottle of white - there's one in the fridge - and I'll stash this lot upstairs."

"You're hiding it?" I said, feigning disappointment.

"Don't worry, you'll see it soon. I promise. Give me five minutes."

She took her glass from me and headed up the stairs. 

I pottered about, resisting the urge to play with my stiff cock. Should I crack one out now so I'd last longer later?

"Okay, ready, come and get me!"

I ran up the stairs and into the bedroom, not wondering quite what to expect. My jaw almost hit the floor.

Sarah stood in the middle of the bedroom, legs slightly apart, wearing nothing but a pair of black patent leather heels and a shiny basque which pushed her tits up, enhancing her already fantastic cleavage. 

"What do you think? Not too S&M is it? I love the straps and buckles. It's quite tight but I think that's how it should be, right? Just wondering if I should wear pants with it."

"It's perfect like that. Can I take a photo?"

"A photo, why?"

"Wank bank material!" I laughed.

"You're despicable. Go on then"

I took out my phone and pointed. 

"Oh, hold on, one more thing." 

Sarah reached into a bag open on the bed and took out what looked like a thick dog collar but made from the same material as her basque, with rings at several points. She put it on and buckled it tight before posing.

"Now I'm ready."

I took a couple of photos and wondered if I should make the first move but Sarah moved first, reaching for my belt and pulling me in close, lightly biting my lip before kissing me hard.

"Are you staying dressed or are you joining me?" She whispered and jumped on to the bed, leaning back against the pillows, and sliding a couple of fingers between her legs as I stripped off my clothes, my cock springing forward as I pulled down my pants. Sarah watched my undressing while slowly fingering her clit. 

"I'm glad I didn't put panties on, they'd have been ruined - I'm absolutely dripping!" She licked her fingers before delving then back into her slick snatch.

"What else did you buy?" I asked as I stroked my cock, watching Sarah's fingers slide in deeper and quicker.

"You'll find out later. What do you think I got? What do you hope I got?"

"Er, handcuffs?"

"Maybe"

"A dildo?"

"I had plenty of those already"

"Oh." 

I had no idea. I suppose it wasn't that big a surprise, right? I mean, every woman has a dildo or two stashed away in her pants drawer or bedside table.

"Okay then, go on, I'll show you."

She reached into one of her bags and pulled out a pair of cuffs to match her collar; wide and robust with rings and a snaplock to join them together. A blindfold followed. Leather I think. 

"I like the idea of you taking control and, you know.. doing things to me without me knowing what's coming next." She smiled and put it down with the cuffs.

Next came a butt plug, about 4 or 5 inches long, quite wide and made of a purple rubbery material, with a suction cup on its flared base.

"I'm looking forward to this. We're going to have a lot of fun with it. And yes, before you ask, I got some lube too." She smiled. "Lots of it. I love these toys up my bum, wait til you feel how good it is."

I'd only ever had a finger up there before now and so was a little tentative but smiled. How could I argue? My girlfriend was dishing out sex toys while dressed like a porn star! If she wanted to slide a toy up my arse then I was totally up for it. If I'm honest, the thought was making me tingle and my already hard cock was leaking pre-cum over my hand.

And still there was more. Sarah pulled out a steel bar, maybe 2 feet in length with cuffs at each end and a ring in the middle.

"A leg spreader. I've never used one but I can't wait now that I've got it. The girl in the shop recommended it. Apparently it extends to almost double the length."

"Wow, you want to use all of this at once?"

"Why not? I love the thought of being helpless. Tied up, blindfolded, a toy in my arse and your cock in my cunt, gagged to keep me quiet too. Oh yeah, I got a ball gag too, I couldn't help myself." She bit her lip and smiled, looking so sexy that I wanted to take her right then. She tossed the gag on the bed. The ball was red and looked big enough to keep her quiet. 

I was a little shellshocked. I'd expected maybe a pair of handcuffs but this was unbelievable. Just the thought of what we might do with it all had me on the verge of blowing my load over the floor! 

"There's a few lengths of rope in the bag too. Just in case. The girl in the shop.."

"Recommended that too?" I interrupted. 

"Yes, she was very helpful, she even suggested which gag would look best with my basque."

"You have a personal shopper at a sex shop," I teased. "What else did she suggest you try?"

"Oh, lots of stuff. I think I'll be going back there. Anyway, I said I'd pop by and tell her how things worked out. So let's get busy!"

Sarah buckled on the cuffs before picking up the blindfold. She moved to kneel in the middle of the bed, buckled the blindfold in place and gasped. "Oh my god, I can't believe how horny this is making me feel. Help me out, will you?"

I climbed on the bed, pulled Sarah towards me with the ring on the front of her collar and kissed her lightly on the lips before freeing her tits from the basque and pinching her hard nipples. 

"Ow, you bastard, that hurt!"

"Sorry"

"Do it again"

I did it again, then licked her nipples before blowing on them.

"And again. Mmm, fuck!"

I took the spreader bar and extended it to over three feet long. Sarah could hear something but not see what I was up to. 

"I hope that's what I think it is."

"Maybe", I said, moving behind her before buckling the attached cuffs to her ankles. I took hold of her collar. "Now, lean forward."

Sarah wriggled her arse at me, leaning on her elbows. "How's this?"

"Almost there. Reach back between your legs and grab the bar."

She did as she was told, the effect being to present her bum to me as her face pressed into the bed. 

"Mm, nice!" I said as I clipped her wrist cuffs to the ring in the centre of the spreader bar. "How's that?" I took a few pictures. "More for the wank bank!"

She laughed, "you'll have to show me how I look later. Now, what are you going to do to me next?" 

I took the tube of lube, squeezed a dollop between my fingers before sliding a finger slowly into Sarah's arse, making her gasp.

"How's that?"

"Oh god, it's amazing, I love that."

I fingered her arse a few times before adding a second finger.

"Oof! Jesus!" 

"Jesus in a good way?" I asked.

"A very good way, don't stop."

I'd reached for the butt plug before realising I'd need two hands to lube it up.

"I said don't stop, you fucker, get something back in my bum right now!"

"You're sure that's what you want?" "Sure. Just fuck me, in my bum or in my cunt. I need it!"

I pressed the tip of the toy against her arse and gently applied pressure, watching as her hole opened up to take it. I withdrew it after it had entered by an inch and applied more lube before putting it back in. It looked fantastic as it slid further and further into her right bum hole. 

I held it it place with one hand to take a photo before continuing. "How am I doing? You okay?" 

"Fuck, yes, I feel so full. Is it in yet?"

"Nearly.. yeah, that's it"

The widest part slid in and Sarah's bum closed go hold it in place with just the base showing. She squirmed.

"That feels just wonderful! I have a lovely fat toy in my bum and I fucking love it! Play with my clit, babe, make me cum."

"Say please?"

"Fuck off, just fuck me, I need to cum, now!"

I slid two fingers into Sarah's hot, wet snatch and pumped them in and out, twisting and feeling for her g-spot. 

"Fuuuuuck, I'm coming, I'm coming!" 

She shuddered, panting, turning her head but unable to move too much. "That was amazing, thanks babe. Want to fuck me now? Let me feel your cock. I need to feel your cock!"

"Are you okay like that or do you need untying?"

"I'm fine, babe, it couldn't be better. I feel so fucking dirty with this toy in me and being blindfolded too. I can't move and you could do anything to me and it's just perfect. I feel like a slut and I love it!"

I knelt behind her, pushing the head of my cock into her, slowly until I was all in and my balls pressed against her lips. 

"I was going to ask you to fuck my arse but this.. this is unbelievable.. you're filling my cunt with your cock and that toy is still in my bum. God I wish you had two cocks. I need something in my mouth, too. Fill me up and fuck me! Use every hole and make me cum again!"

I pulled out and plunged back in. I could feel the toy in her arse as we fucked and it taking all my willpower to not cum straight away. I thrust into Sarah deep and slow. Again and again. I reached for her collar and held it tight. 

"Uuungh! Fuck, yes! Treat me like a dirty slut. Gag me and fuck me harder. Cum in me or over me, just fuck me harder!"

I grabbed the gag and pulled her up by the collar. "Open wide," I said, and pushed the ball behind her teeth and buckled it tight, before pushing my cock back into her soaking wet hole. 

Sarah bucked beneath me and grunted behind the gag, her hands gripping the spreader bar. I picked up the pace and hammered into her, forcing her into the bed. I took the collar and held tight, each stroke as deep into her cunt as it could be. She screamed into her gag as my orgasm got closer.

"I'm close, I'm close.. I'm cumming!" I held tight to Sarah's collar as my balls emptied into her and she screamed, muffled by the gag and duvet, shaking as she came too.

I collapsed off her and reached to unbuckle her gag. 

"Oh. My. God." She gasped, "that was perfect. It can't get better than that. Fuck, I'm broken."

I released her from her cuffs and she blinked as the blindfold came off. 

"Mmmm... want to share a shower?"