 To understand and enjoy this story is about, please read part 1 first.

Still leaning over the sink, splashing the cool water over my face, I heard the door open then shut and without turning to look, I had a good idea of who it was. Although I was very aroused from our previous adventure, I was still angry with Rick for what had occurred. 

"You can just drop my shirt on the couch and leave." I said still splashing water on myself, not looking at him but actually not wanting him to leave either.

"Do you know how sexy you looked walking into your house all pissed off like that?" He said, his accent and tone of voice already getting to me. "You do realize you left Mike with hard on he now has to deal with?" He asked, whispering in my ear having now moved to stand directly behind me. He hadn't touched me but I felt was his warm breath against my neck and my body was already trembling.

"And I suppose that made you feel good? Bringing me back like that just to see his reaction?" I asked, still having some anger in my voice. I tried to turn around to face him but he leaned against me and I felt the warmth of his chest against my back. Not only could I not move, but I wasn't sure if I wanted him to either and I had a strong suspicion he knew this.

"I only guessed he would be standing there." He said softly and tenderly kissed and licked my shoulder. "But yes, it did make me feel good, but not at his reaction." He said, now kissing and licking my other shoulder. I shivered feeling once again highly aroused for this man and my anger was beginning to subside.

"You liked my reaction?" I asked, rather confused, my voice soft letting him know he was getting to me.

"You, strutting in the moonlight, fire in your eyes and kissing me like you did. Yes Dee, your reaction was much more than I had hoped for." His voice was soft and alluring. 

He leaned over, turning the water off from the faucet and with his hands on my shoulders, turned me around to face him. Before I had a chance to say anything he kissed me with a passion that burned my lips, and I felt the heat of his chest against the cool wetness of my breasts, which were still dripping from the water I had splashed on. He slowly ran his hands down my arms to grasp my hands and after breaking the kiss, he ran his tongue slowly down my neck, my breasts, my nipples, licking off all the drops of water. 

"God Rick, do you have any idea what you've been doing to me since I first saw you?" I asked, my voice heavy with passion. My anger now gone for the moment, my heart was pounding; my breathing was becoming unsteady the more I felt the heat of his tongue against my skin.

"Are you telling me not to leave then, Dee?" He asked then dipped his tongue in my navel, circling it, teasing it. I jumped from the feeling, the tickling sensation almost overwhelming, yet felt so good. He chuckled again at my reaction and then I jumped, even more, gasping loudly when I felt his mouth press against my wet panties. His tongue quickly pushed in, licking up and down my slit, and as quick as he did this, he stopped. He spun me around again, took hold of my hands laying them flat and spread on the counter and then whispered in my ear. "You haven't answered me. Maybe I was wrong and you really do want me to go?"

"NO!" I cried out. "I mean, no, I don't want you to go, not now."

"And if I stay, what is it you want me to do Dee?" He asked with a soft chuckle, his tone very low and seductive, his accent again melting me. His fingers ran slowly down my sides, brushing the sides of my breasts, then down to the edge of my panties. At the same time he kissed and licked, slowly, sensually down my back. 

"I think… you're doing…it." I moaned softly, squirming beneath his touch. I could barely think let alone answer him. Never had I felt so aroused before, my body felt on fire, I felt dizzy, and all from this man I didn't know from Adam.

"So you like what I'm doing." He said, his hands now slowly pulled my panties down to my knees and I heard him breath in before he again spoke. "God you're lovely. Open your legs for me, let me feel how much you like what I'm doing." 

"Damn, you already know I like it!" I all but whispered, parting my trembling legs as far as I could with my panties still on just above my knees.

His hands softly caressed up the back and insides of my thighs. I was trembling all over and felt the warmth and moisture building between my legs. With just the tips of his fingers, light and teasing, he then caressed the cheeks of my ass, while the tip of his tongue lightly ran up my slit. I moaned with pleasure falling forward, with my breasts against the counter and my ass thrust higher in the air giving him even better access to my pussy.

"Mmmmm, you taste as good as you look, so silky smooth, so soft and oh so wet." He said, and I heard the passions stirring in him from his voice. I could only moan, gasping softly for breath as he began to ever so lightly rub up and down my slit, teasing and tormenting me with his fingers, making me hotter with each touch. I could hardly stand it and wanted to feel his hand harder against me, but each time I tried to press myself to him, he would back off, chuckling softly. 

"Dammit Rick, touch me more, harder, I can't handle this! Either that or fuck me, I want to feel you inside me." I finally cried out, my body trembling at the edge and lingering.

"Ahhhhh, is that what you want? Are you sure?" He then bit my ass cheek, not hard enough to hurt, but sting a little and one hand reached around the front of me, spread the folds of my pussy and his finger began rubbing my clit. With his other hand he slipped a finger deep inside me, then another and began fucking me with his fingers. I screamed out, bucking and pressing against his hand now and within in seconds I was having my second orgasm. It was even more powerful than the one earlier, my body shook violently against his. I was moaning and panting, while his fingers never let up, rubbing my clit, fucking my pussy, wave after wave of pleasure rushed through me. 

"Mmmmm, you feel so good, soaking my fingers so nicely." He murmured, and let up for only a brief second. I was gasping for breath, my heart was racing, my body still shaking. Just as quickly as he let up, he began again, his fingers at my clit and his other hand this time thrusting several fingers deep inside, filling my throbbing pussy. 

"Oh …. Rick …. Oh God…" I moaned with another orgasm raging through my body. 

"What is it you want now Dee? Tell me." He groaned, thrusting his fingers even harder. I moaned louder, grinding my hips against his hand while my body continuing to spasm. "Tell me Dee, tell me. Now!" 

"Fuck me…. I want you to fuck me Rick!" I screamed out, leaning up on the counter, throwing my head back and thrust my ass hard against his hand. His hands withdrew from me and I heard him quickly fool with his pants. Within brief seconds, I felt his hands on my hips.

"Is this what you want? Tell me again Dee." He groaned in a husky voice at the same time he pulled my hips back and with one hard plunge, he thrust his cock deep inside my pussy.

"Yes, yes… God yes! Fuck me!" I screamed out again with my body shaking, the feeling of his thick hard cock filling me sent jolts like electricity right down to my toes. 

"Oh baby…. You feel so fucking good!" He moaned and with his hands squeezing my hips he slowly, but hard and with deep long strokes began fucking me

The feeling was sensational, I was panting and moaning with each stroke. As he pulled me back even further and started thrusting faster, I straightened up and reached back clasping my hands around his neck. I leaned my head back against his, arched my back, pushing my ass up and back harder against him and with one hand still on my hips; he brought his other hand to press and rub against my pussy. He began driving into me almost savagely making my ass slap hard against him and his balls slap hard against me

"Fuck me darlin! Fuck me hard. Make me cum inside you!" He groaned into my ear, and I felt his cock swelling inside me, his body was trembling against mine and I was moaning loudly. I thrusting back just as hard, almost slamming myself against him and every part of my body seemed to be screaming out, ready to climax. "OH FUCK YEAHHHHHH!!!" He screamed out as his body jerked hard and I felt him explode filling me with his hot cum.

"Oh God Rick…. I'm cumming again!" I screamed out and again my body spasmed and shook violently.

Both of us were panting and moaning, sweat was dripping from both of our bodies with us pressed tightly together. Both climaxes were hard and it felt as if neither of us would stop cumming. Never in my life had I ever experienced such wild, exciting, and fierce sex before. 

Finally, I unwrapped my arms from his neck and leaned back over the counter, trying to catch my breath once again. After another minute, I felt his hands on my knees and he slipped my panties down to my ankles and then holding each one up he helped me out of them and tossed them aside. I turned around as he stood back up and he drew me into his arms, kissing me, tenderly and passionately.

"So are you still angry with me or am I forgiven now?" He said looking into my eyes, his voice back to that slow sensual tone that had melted me from the beginning.

"I guess you're forgiven." I said softly, grinning up at him. 

"You guess?" He asked with a rather wicked grin on his face and softly stroked my cheek with his fingers. "Then I guess I'll just have to find out exactly it is that will make you know for sure." With that I felt his hand quickly slap my ass making it sting and I jumped at the shock.

"Damn! That hurt!" I said at once, reaching my hand back to rub my bottom.

"No it didn't." He chuckled. "Let's go rinse off and then get something to eat. I'm starving." Then taking my hand, he started leading me to the door.

"Wait where are we going? I have a shower upstairs you know." 

"The ocean water will feel better, besides I want to see you in the moonlight completely naked this time." He stated obviously not planning on taking no for answer. 

"And suppose Mike is out there?" I asked, taking a deep breath but following him.

"Then he'll get another hard on and maybe I'll let him fuck you." He said just as we stepped off the porch. I stopped suddenly, shocked at what he said and pulled my hand away from his.

"You aren't ser…." I started to say but he quickly pulled me back, silencing me with his lips.

"No, I wasn't serious, at least not today." He said and then chuckled, again taking my hand and pulling me towards the water.

To continue...