 Continued from Exploring Dee parts 1 and 2

Walking with our toes kicking up the sand on the beach, I held his hand tightly and kept glancing around to see if anyone was watching us. It wasn’t as if I had never swam naked before but I always kept covered up until right before I went in the water. Although I had to admit, even as nervous as I was about being stark naked like this, it also was a very erotic and freeing feeling. I felt every gentle evening breeze blowing across my skin, as if feathers were brushing across all parts of my body, the sensation was amazing. Not only was it increasingly making my nipples erect, but my pussy felt as if it was being massaged by something unseen and I knew then that this was not going to be the first naked trip I made outside. 

“Told you it would feel better than your shower and we’re not even in the water yet.” Rick said grinning at me. 

“Shit, how is it you always seem to know what I’m thinking?” I asked him really curious to find out how he could do that.

“I’ve learned to read people, especially the expressions on their faces.” He said seriously and stopped walking just as the waves were hitting our feet. He then stood where the moonlight was behind him but I could still make out the smirk on his face. “Of course your hard little nipples sticking out like that might have been what told me. And I bet if I touched your pussy right now, that would tell me some more.”

“I should have known!” I exclaimed sarcastically. “You know, I’m beginning to wonder if I even like you.” I said half teasing, but half serious. I really wasn’t too sure how to take him, considering some of his comments. 

“Oh, so you only have that many climaxes when you don’t like someone?” He chuckled seeing my face flash with anger at his comment. “Now stay here while I get in the water. I want to look at you like this with the moonlight on your body. Damn you are one sexy woman, especially when you get mad.”

“And you are one infuriating man.” I said irritated with him. I turned around so my back was facing him and actually thought about just going back to my house and forgetting this entire experience.

“Gorgeous ass you have there, Dee.” He called out softly from the water and I turned around feeling myself blush at the same time my blood pressure was rising. “Mmmm, I like that view very much too. You look beautiful, I could stare at you standing there all night.”

“Damn!” I whispered under my breath. How was it in one breath he had me seething and in the next melting. I started walking in the water towards him looking at him while he watched at me. “I think you’ve seen enough, don’t you?” 

“Never.” He remarked and started to swim towards me while I went deeper into the water and the waves started to hit against my breasts. “Water feels nice doesn’t it? Better watch out nothing swims up those beautiful legs of yours and decides to have a taste of that pussy.”

“Do you always talk like this?” I asked now almost within reach of him. I had always hated how some guys talked, some of it being so offensive. Yet here he was probably just as offensive, but for the life of me, I couldn’t figure out why I grew more excited the more he talked.

“No, actually I talk much worse. I’m being nice with you.” He replied, seriously, and it was hard to tell if he was teasing me again or not. 

Before I had a chance to find out he lunged forward, knocking me back and we both went under the water. The next thing I felt were hands grabbing my thighs and pulling my legs open. I turned and twisted, trying to shake free and get back above water when I felt his mouth clamp down on my pussy.  The shock and sensation of it automatically made me bolt upwards, my hands went around his neck and I needed air badly. With that, he shifted in the water, my knees were bent over his shoulders and he grabbed the cheeks of my ass, and we broke the surface, both gasping for breath. 

“Fuck, do you ever quit?” I gasped for air, my arms still holding on to his neck and I shook my head trying to get my wet hair out of my face.

“It’s not like I didn’t warn you something might want a taste of your sweet pussy. And I did tell you I was hungry.” He replied, spreading my folds with his thumbs and his tongue started licking my pussy. 

“Ohhhh…” I groaned. Between the feeling of the cool air blowing against me, the warm ocean waves slapping against my ass and him licking me, I was feeling such a rush, I wasn’t sure how much longer I could handle it. The sensations had me shaking while he continued exploring me with his tongue, slowly teasing, making me want for more.

“Someone likes having their pussy eaten, I can see. And what a delicious one at that.” He whispered then dove his tongue deep into me. I moaned, grinding my hips against him, the feeling utterly driving me wild. He put his hands at my waist, pushing me back so that the only thing keeping me above water was his hands holding me. The waves were slapping against my body while his mouth was hungrily ravishing my pussy. Just as I was about to cum, he released me, letting me fall into the water, but quickly grabbed my arm and pulled me to him. 

“Damn you! Why did you…” I said, gasping for breath after having been dunked in the water again for the second time.

“You needed to cool off.” He chuckled. “Besides, since you aren’t sure if you like me yet and you aren’t sure you’ve forgiven me yet, I’m just not sure if I should let you cum until you are sure.” He said sounding extremely serious. 

He let go of my arm and began swimming back to shore while I stood there in the water starring at him, speechless. I could feel the anger rising in me again at his words along with the frustrated state he just left me in. I finally started swimming back to shore and when I got out of the water he was already standing leaning against the post of my front porch waiting for me, a wicked grin on his face.

“What makes you think I care if you let me cum or not? I hope you don‘t think I need you for that.” I said sarcastically, walking past him. The gentle breeze and the water dripping from my body was making me shiver, but more from the delightful tingling feeling between my legs. Although I was trying to sound angry with him, I was not doing a very good job of it. What made me even angrier was the fact that the expression on his face told me he knew this. When I reached my front door I turned around and glared at him. “You know I could just go in and lock you out and just let you go home without your clothes.”

“Yes you could and I have other clothes at home. Maybe that would actually be best though, me going back to my house.” He said in a cool nonchalant tone while remaining standing where he was. I glanced up and down his body and quickly noticed his semi erect cock and smiled. 

“Suit yourself.” I replied turning my back on him and walked in the house. At least I felt better knowing I wasn’t the only one that was going to be left somewhat frustrated. Although, after all the things we had already shared that evening, I had to admit I wouldn’t have minded if we had continued.

I went directly upstairs to my room and put on my white terry cloth robe. I dried my hair and ran a brush through it, at the same time listening for the door to open. After a short time, and feeling disappointed that he hadn’t come in, I went back downstairs. The first thing I noticed was that his clothes were gone and my front door was shut and locked. I took a deep breath, and my disappointment turned to anger once again. I poured myself a glass of wine, turned the TV on and stretched out on the couch. If he thought he was going to get me to go after him, he was dead wrong. He may have known how to excite me more than any man I had met before, but I wasn’t about to let him do it again. So I kept telling myself anyway, but the stirrings between my legs seemed to be telling me otherwise.