 I woke to a warm, wet sensation on my cock and the duvet bobbing up and down.

I lifted the covers. "Morning, babe!"

"Morning, sleepy head" laughed Sarah from between my legs, "I wondered if that would wake you up. Now, lie back and enjoy this. It's your turn."

She took my cock into her mouth and slowly swallowed the whole thing. I'd watched her doing this before but I loved to watch her take me deep into her mouth and throat. How she did it without choking I didn't know, nor did I care how she'd got so skilled at giving a blowjob. I was just doing as I was told and lying back and enjoying it.

"Mmmm, that's good, don't stop."

Sarah pumped my cock with one hand, alternating strokes with her mouth, and massaged my balls with the other. I could feel my cum building but just as I reached the point of no return she stopped and looked up at me. 

"I've been thinking", she said, still stroking my length. "About that video we watched"

"Which one? The threesome?"

"No, the one with the chair. I want you to do that to me. Tie me to the chair and play with my tits. Play with my clit and make me cum but you'll be in charge. I want to be helpless. Cuff my hands behind the chair back, tie my ankles to the legs and you should probably tie my collar to the back of the chair too. You can do whatever you want to me. You'll have to gag me too because I want you to make me scream." She bobbed her head down onto my cock. Once. Twice. "What do you think to that?"

"Sounds great but don't get distracted from the job in hand."

"Don't worry I'm not distracted. The chair can wait til later and I'm going to be wet all day thinking about it. Now, hold still this will be a little cold."

"What?"

Sarah's lubed up finger slid quickly into my arse. "Fuck, you could have warned me!"

"I did, kind of", she laughed. "Don't you like it? Should I stop?"

Her finger was now sliding in and out of my tight, slick hole and I could feel a second finger probing at the opening as she pushed into me. 

"You don't want me to stop, do you? You like something up your arse, don't you?" she said before making me gasp again as a second finger entered me and she re-established her rhythm. I moaned a little and pushed against her fingers as they fucked into me. "Are you sure you haven't done this before, you dirty boy? What else have you had up there. Has another slutty girlfriend fucked your bum?"

Her fingers withdrew and she gave my cock a quick suck before I felt something else nudging at my hole. Whatever it was pressed harder and slowly, ever so slowly, started to slide into my arse. Oh god, the butt plug. It felt good. Wrong it good. I felt dirty. Was this how Sarah felt with a toy up her arse? No wonder she wanted it!

"That's good, oh babe, that's really good. It feels huge in me."

"You've not even taken half of it, relax and enjoy it. I'm going to make you cum so hard once this is all the way in. It looks so hot sliding into your slutty bum!"

The pressure continued and my arse stretched around the toy as Sarah pressed it home.

"Nearly there, just another teeny bit and you'll be able to say you've taken your first bum toy; you've been fucked in your arse for the first time ever!" She stook her tongue out at me and blew a cheeky kiss at me before pushing the final bit of the plug into my hole. "There, how's that?"

"Different," I gasped.

"Good different though, right?" Your cock tells me you're enjoying this. She grasped my upright, stiff member and took it deep into her mouth in one go before bobbing up and down. With each stroke she stopped just short of my cock clipping out from her lips before diving down and the head hitting the back of her throat.

I grabbed a handful of hair with each hand, helping her to fuck me with her mouth. I was so close. She knew I was close. She came up for air. 

"Are you cumming on my face or in my mouth?" 

I didn't answer but forced her back down on my cock and fucked my cock up into her mouth. She grunted and with her free hand pushed the butt plug hard into my arse.

That tipped me over the edge. I held her down on my cock and I exploded into her mouth. She coughed and spluttered as cum leaked from her lips over my cock and started to dribble down to my balls.

"Mmm" she said crawling up to eye level and looking down at me before kissing me deeply, A toy in my arse and my own cum in my mouth.. what was happening to me? How had I not experienced this before now?