 "So, what did you think? Be honest with me, did you enjoy it or were you just going along with it to keep me happy?"

"Are you serious? I get to fuck my hot girlfriend, in bondage, with a toy in her arse and you ask if I just did it to keep you happy. Really?! I can't wait to do it again!"

It had been a day of firsts and things had escalated quickly since Sarah had stroked my arse hole in the shower and mentioned a love of bum sex and a bondage itch which she wanted to scratch. One quick shopping trip later and here I am staring at her, still wearing a basque and unbuckling the collar she'd been wearing while we tried out her purchases. 

"Again, huh? How do you want me? Where do you want me?"

"I have a few ideas. You'll see. Well, maybe you won't if you want to be blindfolded again."

"Mmm, I think I probably will, you know. Just the thought is making me wet again. Grab the iPad and let's watch some porn for inspiration."

"As if you need help!"

We settled beneath the covers, Sarah still wearing her basque but sans heels, and I passed her the iPad. 

"Pornhub first?" she asked. 

"You're the expert it seems - lead the way!"

I knew were to find porn of course but I was intrigued as to what Sarah had watched before and I guess how much of it, too. What was she into? What did she want to try next?

The first movie she chose was of a blonde tied up and being serviced by two huge cocks. She wore just heels and a collar (I probably should have expected Sarah to zero in on this sort of thing after what we'd just done) and her hands were cuffed behind her while a belt around her torso pinned her arms to her body. Hmm. The first guy held her roughly by her hair while she sucked vigorously on his cock. The second held her thighs while he slammed into her from behind.

Sarah's hand disappeared under the sheets. "Scroll down, find me something with a ball gag and anal."

"How's this?" I said, tapping on another video. In this another woman, blonde again and wearing a latex catsuit, sat tied to a chair, her arms behind her and a red ball gag - much like ours - buckled tightly in her mouth. 

"I like that, we have to try it!" The duvet jiggled as Sarah rubbed her clit.

"Try what? The chair or videoing it?" I joked.

"Maybe both. Bum sex now please. Come on, find me something. Heels too, ideally and some kinky pants."

After a minute I found what I think she was looking for. Yet another blond in shiny thigh length boots and a corset was getting fucked up the arse by a huge, shaved cock.

"I'm sorry, I can't compare with that," I said. 

"Your cock is perfect, I'm not complaining," she said, reaching to me and squeezing my hardening cock under the sheets. "Besides, I'm not sure I want anything quite that big up my bum!"

We watched a few more videos before Sarah tossed the iPad to the end of the bed and climbed astride me. "I was going to give you a blowjob but I need to feel you inside me again. Is that okay?" 

"Always!"

"Come on then, let's see what you're made of"

She reached between her legs, giving my cock a couple of firm strokes before guiding the head to her wet, waiting hole. "Ready?" She asked before sinking down on me, taking the whole length and grinding on me."

"Fuck me!" I gasped.

"Oh yes," She laughed, "I certainly will" before slide up off me and plunging down again. "Mmmm, that's just what I needed," she smiled. "Pinch my nipples, now"

Sarah knew I loved playing with her tits while she rode my cock an she increased pulled away from me which pulled on her nipples as she increased the speed with which she fucked me. 

A strand of her fell across her face and I brushed it back out of her eyes. 

"Pull my hair. I want you to pull my hair." 

I took a handful of hair dirty blonde bob with my left hand and pulled her down towards me, still twisting her nipple with my right.

"How's that"

"Good. Maybe a little harder. Be rougher. Pull me hair, twist my nipples and slap my arse. Please, treat me like a slut. I'm a dirty slut for you."

I slapped her arse with my hand while still keeping a firm hold of her hair. Again, and again before return my attentions to her nipples. 

"Fuck, yes, that's it. Come on, fuck me faster. Harder. Harder!"

I thrust up into her, lifting her up off the bed, before rolling her off me onto her back. I pinned her hand down over her head with one hand and thrust into her again.

"Yeeees, that's it, fuck me, harder!" She shouted at me, alternating her dirty talk with grunts as she came hard beneath me. 

I pulled out of her and while still pinning her arms sat astride her chest and wanked myself furiously with me free hand. "Open wide!"

Sarah's tongue stuck out just as I came hard, splashing cum across her tits and face and once I'd squeezedthe last drop from my cock I scooped up a dollop from her chest and smeared it across her lips. "Treat you like a slut, you said!"

"And I meant it, that was wonderful, babe. I love your cock."

"I love that you love my cock", I laughed. "Same time tomorrow?"