 They were compatible from the start, drawn to each other by cosmic forces far beyond their control. For the longest time they had been friends, each had wanted something more but was afraid to lose what they had. During one of their frequent conversations the topic of relationships came up, he asked, " What is your idea of the perfect relationship?" After giving it thought for a moment, she replied, " I think the perfect relationship is based on trust, it's built on two people sharing everything and knowing as much about each other as possible." Such as, he inquired, well what makes the partner tick she said. "What's your idea of the perfect relationship?" She asked. His answer surprised her, "being with you."

"Why?" she was trying to get to the core of his thoughts, wanting to hear if her feelings were being reflected. "We respect each other, and at some level love each other, and as you pointed out, in your prerequisite, know each other very well. You have to know that you are my ideal woman, smart, self-reliant, strong, and beautiful what man in his right mind would not be attracted to you?" 

She smiled, took his hand, and for the first time ever kissed him as a lover. "If we continue from this point we risk loosing a friendship," she said. "But you're wrong, he continued, if we lose a friendship by becoming lovers, then the friendship wasn't as strong as we thought." She thought about his logic, all the while she felt his arm around her waist and the strength and comfort she received from that closeness. "Look, I need to think, no, we need to think about this let's talk more over dinner, my treat she said. Before they started walking again he turned to face her, it was his turn to kiss her now, there was no mistaking the passion he felt, and no mistaking it's return. Dinner was full of conversation they talked about everything, finally getting back to the subject of relationships. He spoke first, "Well, I think that if you are not ready to try this we shouldn't, we both have to want it for it to work, and above all we both have to be willing to work at it."

"Oh, she said, is that cold feet I'm hearing? I was just about to tell you that I've wanted it for a long time, I was just hoping that you felt the same way. And now I know, so that's settled what do we do now?" They laughed, paid the bill and left arm in arm, transformed from that moment on. 

During the short walk to her house she mischievously asked, "so have you ever dreamed about me, you know naughty dreams, the kind that make you take cold showers and wake up in the night with your extra pillow cradled in your arms?"

"My gawd, I'm dating a pervert" he chuckled, "but to answer your question yes once or twice, but I was so shocked that I tried to put it out of my mind."

"Satisfied?" As they reached her apartment she looked at him and said, "At least I'm not the only one." They went inside, she got a couple of glasses and a bottle of wine and they sat cuddling for a while enjoying the wine and the new closeness. Before too long they began to kiss, at first tentatively, then more and more passionately as they continued. She let her hand rove over his back, slowly tracing the muscles of his shoulders and finally traveling to his thighs. 

She squeezed his leg in places slowly moving toward his crouch, when she found the bulge in his pants she concentrated there for a while as he moaned at the touch. He was also exploring her with his hands, gently caressing her breast through her blouse, teasing her now erect nipples with his fingers and breathing in the fragrance of her hair. He laid her on the couch, got on top of her, she opened her legs and wrapped them around him, and they began grinding each other furiously. She reached to unbuckle his pants even as he fumbled with the buttons of her blouse. The sight of her bra-clad breast made him light headed. His hands shook as he peeled the straps from her shoulders and slid the flimsy material down to reveal her bare breast. At first he just took in the sight, then he hovered over her and bent to kiss and lick her nipples. Abruptly, he spoke, "Whoa, let's not move so fast" he said, "Why don't I just go home and take a cold shower or two, I've got something else in mind." Reluctantly, she untangled herself, "I've waited this long, a little longer won't hurt, but you realize that if I have another one of those dreams I can't be held accountable for my actions." Before he let her up, he bent over and sucked each nipple, she shuddered at the warmth and moistness of his lips, "I will definitely be having one of those dreams," he said. She kept her eyes on the prominent bulge in his pants as he got up, wishing that things had kept going in the same direction, as he kissed her good night she made a point of grinding him once more to convince him to stay but leave he did. 

Just as he got out of the shower the phone rang " What are you wearing" said the voice on the other end she was trying to get him to play along. "What do you think," he said, "I just got out of the shower, I've got a towel wrapped around my waist, house slippers, and water drops on," he replied, "Happy?" On the other end of the line, she smiled, using the palm of her hand she lightly rubbed over her breasts, pausing now and then to pull and pinch at her erect nipples. This caused her breathing to come in irregular gasps, he heard this and asked, "What are you doing?" it was quiet at first, then she weakly moaned, "I'm playing, want to know what with?" Immediately, he began to get an erection, he could feel the throbbing in his dick and the tightness of his balls as they came to life. So much for a cold shower he thought, "yeah, I want to know, believe me, I'll try to visualize it as you speak." She told him what she was doing and how, as she spoke he closed his eyes and saw her hands moving over her breast, this caused him to become acutely aware of his own nipples, so he started imitating her movements. She heard his breathing change, and stopped to listen, "Don't you go shooting off without me," she cooed, this brought him back for the moment, "Don't worry, I have no intention of shooting off in any direction except yours", he said. With that he tried to focus on his plans for next day, but he was well aware that the anticipation was going to be a strain. He noticed a change in the sound of the phone. He realized she was on speaker now, which, he surmised, gave her the use of both hands. He turned off the lights switched over to speaker as well and laid on the bed. "Still playing?" he asked, he was greeted by the rhythmic sound of heavy breathing and low moans, "Tell me what you're doing," he begged, she was barely audible. "I have my nipples between my fingers, rolling them ever so softly. Every now and then, I squeeze my breast with one hand while I slide my fingers over my stomach down to my pussy and just brush over the lips. Just then he heard her lightly gasp, she continued, "I just separated the folds and started circling my clit, I've got two fingers inside, god I'm so wet it's running down my leg." As he listened, he traced the length of his dick with his hand; he started pumping at his member gently as he described his actions to her. "I'm cupping my balls in my hand, squeezing them as I stroke my cock, a little bead of come has formed and started to run over my hand."

"Play with your nipples" she urged, he followed her suggestion and started rubbing over his nipples, then, began pinching and pulling each in turn. They listened to each other masturbate until finally they both reached orgasm. 

Afterward, they talked about what had just happened. "I really wanted you to stay," she confessed "whatever you have planned for tomorrow had better be good."

"This was just an unexpected prelude," he said, knowing that she was being eaten up by the suspense. "Can you be over here by 6 O'clock? "Not earlier, I need the time to get things ready." What is he up to, she thought, "sure, should I bring anything, or do anything before coming?" Excited, she waited as he thought for a moment, "Wear something easy to get out of, and don't protest at anything I ask you to do once you're here." He thought about giving her one final hint about what he had planned, but how should he phrase it. Then it came to him, he asked, "What do you find the most important requirements to experiencing good sex?" She thought about it for a moment then answered, "For me there are two, sight and touch, one seems to intensify the other, why?" She asked. "Well lets just say that tomorrow those and maybe more will come into play, I hope to make our first time very special." With that he said good night, hung up the phone and went to take his second cold shower.

End of Pt 1

 (I'd like you to comment on each part first, if at all possible be more descriptive about: 

Physical developments you have

What you like most /least about this part

Visualizations

Is there something in here that you find very exciting describe it

PT 2

At exactly 6:o'clock, she let herself into his apartment; she wore a light blouse that buttoned down the front and a form fitting knee-length skirt, which also buttoned down the front. In total fourteen buttons, all of which would have to be loosed before anything else could take place. She also wore stockings, bra and panties, she smiled inside thinking about his instructions, "Wear something easy to get out of," this is easy for me to get out of, she thought. When she looked up, she was taken by the warm glow of candles in the room; every flat surface had one type or another on it. She also realized that she was surrounded by a pleasant, though, unfamiliar fragrance, which put her strangely at ease. He heard her come in, he watched as she took in the atmosphere and he noticed her choice of clothing, which he found very exciting. He took in her figure, the curve of her hip, the swell of her breast pushing at the blouse, and the way the material clung to her thighs. He also noticed the buttons, which he found an even better idea because it would slow things down. As he crossed the room he could feel the blood pooling in his dick, he fought the feeling willing himself calm, for the moment, reaching for her, he wrapped his arms around her and took in the fragrance of her hair. They kissed a long passionate kiss, standing at the door swaying to some unheard rhythm. Finally, he spoke, "From this point on there is no talking allowed, just experience the mood. Sight, touch, smell, and taste are the focus, we will talk later." At first, she started to protest, but thought against it, she nodded and let herself be led into the middle of the room.

There, they sank onto a satin covered mat, while on their knees he started unbuttoning her blouse. She let her arms hang limp and closed her eyes as he worked from the bottom to the top, his fingers deftly opened button after button revealing her smooth skin in increments. His breathing was deep and steady, although his hands were shaking and she felt the light vibration as they brushed past exposed areas. He stopped for a moment to look at her in partially undressed top; his eyes took in the differences in the texture of material, bare flesh, and shadow caused by the reflecting candlelight, and he felt the stirring again. All the while she sat motionless, watching him as he worked, feeling the slightest touch that brushed against her, feeling her nipples swell as anticipation started seeping into her mind. She too felt stirrings, radiating out from the pit of her stomach spreading a slow unmistakable fire between her legs, and her flow began. As he opened the last button, he slid the blouse over her shoulders and removed each arm from its sleeve in turn, then he bent and started softly kissing first her arms then her shoulders, neck, and finally lips. She hungrily responded deeply probing his mouth with her tongue, licking over his lips and brushing his face with her mouth. 

She took advantage of his pause to remove his shirt; he had taken his own advice and worn a pullover, which she now hurriedly removed. Her eyes roved over his hairless chest and muscular stomach and she bent forward to tease his nipples with her lips. He groaned as she made contact, she raked over each nipple with her teeth, firmly but gently making sure that each was thoroughly covered with her wet mouth. He was visibly shaking as she took his nipples between her thumb and fingers, and started twisting and pulling on each in turn. By now, his erection was painfully trapped in his pants, and even that feeling was heightening his arousal. He reached behind her and felt for the hasp of her bra, finding it he freed her breast and imitated her actions. He marveled at her bare breast, hypnotized by her semi-erect nipples, which he promptly started licking. He used his fingers and lightly traced each breast circling each nipple until she felt as though they would explode. Her hands kept exploring his chest and nipples as well, she was enjoying the reaction his body made to her touch. He let his fingers trace from her breast to her back, and she mirrored his actions, her breath caught in her throat as he started unbuttoning her skirt. This time he worked from the top down and she felt the urgency in his hands as he quickly moved from button to button. He stood her up and tried to slip her out of the skirt, but she spread her legs, forcing him to unbutton her all the way. He smiled taking her signal, pressing his face to her stomach he caressed the small of her back with his hands while brushing over her stomach with his lips as he worked to free her from the skirt. Slowly the skirt parted, exposing her sheer panties, again she resisted his actions keeping her legs just wide enough that he couldn't pull off the delicate garment. He was patient, undoing every button until the skirt lay in a heap in the floor, he began massaging the insides of her thighs, lightly tracing circles from the tops of her stockings to her crouch. She moaned at his touch, rolling her hips as he neared the apex of her legs, she guided his hands over her mound and increased the pressure there as she thrust her hips forward to meet his trembling hand. Through the flimsy material he felt her protruding lips, he also felt her heat as he worked farther between her legs. Again, he prodded her to let him remove her panties, this time she complied, hooking his thumbs in the waistband he slid them slowly down her legs, following their path with his tongue. 

As the panties reached her knees he let them fall, he reached behind her and pulled her hips toward him and buried his face in the hair of her mound. Gently he kissed over her mound as she began running her hands through his hair, she parted her legs as he moved lower with his kisses. Finally, he took her swollen lips into his mouth, sucking on each in turn as he kneaded the muscles of her butt. She thrust herself into his face, as he parted he lips with his fingers and started lapping at her now copious flow. He thrust his tongue into her as far as he could, over and over again causing her to grab handfuls of his hair and hold him in place. He stopped, reached behind her leg and draped it over his shoulder as he switched his attention to her swollen clit. She was fully exposed. She reached between her legs and parted the hair with one hand while the other guided him to her now bare clit. He flicked her clit with his tongue, then took it in his lips and began to suck and flick the delicate trapped flesh. She ground her hips into his face, shuddering as he gave her pleasure with his mouth, but she wanted something inside, she needed something inside. As if reading her mind he eased two fingers into her dripping pussy, slowly moving them rhythmically in and out matching her thrusts. She felt the waves of orgasm start in the pit of her stomach and radiate out, her body stiffened, as she pumped her hips into his face. He felt her contractions around his fingers as he continued to meet her thrusts all at once she began to moan as her whole body went stiff, she spasmed uncontrollably as her orgasm crashed down on her. Wave after wave of pleasure vibrated through her body until she was spent, she unhooked her leg from his neck, and slowly sank to the floor guided by him she laid down to rest.

He marveled at her body in the candlelight he wanted to hold her but resisted the urge for now. Instead, he traced over her sweat-drenched body with his hands. From head to toe, he explored her as she rested. She turned over and he continued on her back, when he reached her butt he slid his hand between her legs and explored her there as well. 

She lay content to feel his hands for a while, and then she glanced over and caught sight of him in the candlelight. She took control sat up and guided him to the floor. She realized that the whole time together they had not hugged without clothes. In an instant she understood why, that was being saved for last. She took his semi-erect dick in her hand, at her touch it began to twitch with anticipation she brushed her mouth over the length teasing him with her tongue. Softly she licked the sensitive skin of his balls following the contours to the base of his now erect dick. He moaned as she pulled the skin between her lips, gently tugging the flesh as she continued to search out his most sensitive areas. She reveled in his scent, darting her tongue out as she reached the swollen head to catch the pearly drop that oozed out. His hips began pumping in time to the movements of her hands and mouth, need welt up in is stomach and his body wanted release but she teased him holding his shaft at the base while brushing over his glands with parted lips. Slowly she drew the head between her lips, sucking and licking while taking as much of his length as she could. He was moaning loudly, bucking his hips, barely able to control himself, totally under her control. She increased the pressure, she tasted his seed mixed with her spit, and she felt her own fire re-ignite. She began pumping on his dick as she felt it jerk, as she quickened her pace he let out a low groan and his body stiffened, he bucked around under her then went tense. She felt his first spurt, then another a she fought to drink in everything, finally his body relaxed and she let him out of her grip, he reached down pulled her to him and kissed her deeper than any other time. 

(I'd like you to comment on each part first, if at all possible be more descriptive about: 

Physical developments you have

What you like most /least about this part

Visualizations

Is there something in here that you find very exciting describe it

PT 3

They lay together, feeling for the first time the total nakedness of their bodies. She climbed on top of him and stretched full length, positioning her legs between his trapping his member between their stomachs. He had not recovered fully and was content to feel her warmth radiating through him, he let his hands roam over her back which caused a barely audible moan to well in her throat. He continued tracing over her skin with light touches, her back, both arms neck and shoulders all became his targets as he teased her lightly with his fingers. She felt that tell tale glow beginning in her center, knowing full well that she wanted more than his touch. She also felt the life coming back into his trapped dick, she drew her legs up and straddled his waist as she started kissing his face, then nuzzling his neck nipping at the sensitive skin there working her way down to his nipples. As she eased her way down his body, she positioned herself over his now swollen dick, she felt his head graze by her mound but purposely avoided contact any lower. She twisted his nipples with her fingers while she listened to the changes in his breathing, "not just yet" she thought to herself he arched his back, not trying to enter her but to make contact. His length brushed her mound and stomach as she ground herself against him keeping him at bay until she couldn't resist the growing lust inside her. She sat up and let him thrust his shaft between her dripping lips covering him with her flow she leaned forward so that his head contacted her clit and she moved her hips to increase the pressure. Then she moved back up his body, grinding her mound into him as she went, slowly she eased back down him as he slowed his thrust and she felt his throbbing head pressed against her opening. She tightened her thighs around his to control his movement while she teased him. He felt her thighs gripping his and followed their instruction, relaxing he let her play with him slowly working his dick into herself at her leisure. 
