 Emma sat at her desk in complete silence. Her mouth hung open in utter shock at the image displayed on her computer screen. With a shaking hand caused by a sudden adrenaline rush, she took a deep breath and clicked to minimise the image before trying to regain her composure. 

Feelings of buried lust and guilt at her forbidden voyeurism coursed through her as she slouched in her chair, the mental image of her gorgeous housemate still fresh in her mind. He had been sat at the desk in his bedroom, wearing the charcoal coloured suit that was made to measure and hugged his lean physique like a lover. It was obvious from his position in the photograph that he had placed the camera on his desk and set the auto-timer to take the shot. 

"Oh, my God," she whispered to herself, "I can't believe it."

Staring into the blank screen in a daze, a mixture of disbelief and wanton longing washed over her as she felt her mouth going dry and her chest heaving slightly. She sat up straight, her eyes just peeking over the top of the five foot partition and surveyed the office; everyone was busy. Knowing she shouldn't but wanting to anyway, Emma maximised the photo once more. As it filled her computer screen, a sudden surge of paranoia caused her to glance around quickly once more to make sure no one could see her. Happy that no one could observe what she was doing, she turned back to the screen. 

Emma couldn't have counted the number of times in the past that she had curled her bottom lip between her teeth and bitten down to keep from moaning whilst in bed, silently stroking herself to climax thinking about that very man. Now she was looking at him reclined in his own chair, with his large, stiff cock thrust up through his open trouser zip.

Quickly clicking on to the next image, it was obvious that Jack had just exited the shower. Droplets of water sat seductively all over his muscular frame, following the contours of his rugged muscles. His wet, dark hair, looking like a million fibres of black silk, was slicked back as he looked directly into the camera for the photo. 

Her eyes slowly slipped from his chiselled, slightly stubbled jawline, down over his broad shoulders and over his rippling physique. The perfect form of his muscular abdomen gave away his penchant for regular gym sessions and healthy eating. He was an Adonis! Emma's gaze drifted lower as she pressed her lips together firmly to keep from moaning her approval. A large, fluffy white towel was slung around his lean waist and hung lazily on his hips. The teasing shroud concealed what she already knew to be one of his best features. At that very second, Emma felt like dropping to her knees in the middle of the office and thanking God she was born a woman. 

A sudden pang of guilt washed through her and she once again minimised the image in shame.

Jack and Emma had hit it off the first day he moved in. She had thought at the time that he was one of the most attractive guys she had ever met, only later coming to realise that he was also a genuinely lovely person. Although she secretly fancied the pants off him, for whatever reason, nothing had ever developed romantically in the six months since he had moved in and, over time, they had simply become just good friends. Now though, now she had seen his cock.

This had all been due to the fact that Emma had been running late for her appointment that morning. The usually calm and collected exterior of a woman in complete control, had been replaced with one which exemplified, in every sense of the word, panic.

Her relaxed evening the previous night had consisted of reading some naughty erotica and enjoying some slow, gentle masturbation whilst listening to mellow jazz music. The inevitable result was that she had forgotten to turn the volume back up on her radio alarm clock. Instead of being jarred to consciousness at 7am by the blaring voice of a radio DJ far too happy for that time in the morning, she was instead softly awoken by his gentle whispers; an hour later than normal.

In classic 'running late for work' fashion, a hurried jumble of quick-fire cock-ups had ensued as Emma rushed to get ready and out of the door. She had hurriedly washed toothpaste from her hair, left the bathroom looking like the aftermath of a college party, and had even taken the time to remove her panties and slip them back on the right way round. Just when she'd thought things couldn't have gotten any worse, they did.

Although Emma's digital camera was advertised as Splash Proof when she purchased it, as she'd watched it taking a swim in the washing machine on a fast spin cycle, she doubted very much that it would survive. As the now useless chunk of black plastic had bumped and sloshed against the glass door, she had gotten a sneaking suspicion that today was going to be 'one of those days'.

Emma was an estate agent and part of her job was to call on home owners and complete a survey of their property. This included making notes of room sizes, conjuring up impressive sounding property jargon for the adverts and taking artistic photos which always made rooms look larger than they actually were.

"Think, Emma; think," she had said to herself as she'd crouched in front of the washing machine and stared into the soapy abyss.

There was only one other person that lived in the house and, luckily, she knew Jack had recently treated himself to a new digital camera. Knowing it was her only option, Emma had kicked off her heels and rushed back upstairs, entering Jack's bedroom, knowing he had already left for work. She found the camera sat on a fancy looking docking station on his computer desk. In the spirit of sharing, Jack and Emma borrowed each other's things all the time so she didn't think borrowing his camera would be a problem. Okay, it wasn't a mobile phone charger or a tube of toothpaste, but she could be trusted to look after it. 

Many friends of Emma's assumed on first meeting Jack that they were in fact a couple. In reality, both Jack and Emma were technically both single with Jack 'half seeing' a girl on the internet. Emma had never really understood online dating or how it worked, especially considering the girl he was supposedly dating lived on the other side of the world. She had asked him once, purely out of curiosity and he had told her that it was nothing serious. "Just a bit of fun." They would chat, flirt and send each other photos. It was now as clear as crystal what those photos he referred to actually were.

As she sat there in a haze of heady excitement, Emma knew she should unplug the camera from her computer and respect Jack's privacy. The problem was, the more she tried not to think about his ripped body and impressive manhood, the more she couldn't help herself. Emma was seriously aroused and in desperate need of cooling the burning of her flushed cheeks. She cracked open the window next to her desk to feel the caress of a cool breeze, and took some deep breaths, trying to calm herself.

It was no good; she couldn't concentrate. Everything she looked at reminded her of what she had just seen. Glancing around the office, she was seeing cock— everywhere! Emma could already feel a dampness in her black lace panties as she sat back down and squirmed in her seat. 

As she went to close the minimised window on her screen, she stopped, her finger hovering above the button on the mouse. She knew she shouldn't but there were thirty more images on the camera, each one a temptation too strong to resist. The thought of seeing more of Jack at his most intimate caused her cheeks to flush an even brighter shade of red. Her breath became ragged and the familiar tingle of arousal began to spread over her body. Emma slipped her jacket off onto the back of her chair and, with no small amount of effort, clicked onto the next photograph. The towel was gone.

A quick gasp, that actually sounded more like a squeak, escaped her lips as she was once again brought face to face with the most delicious cock she had ever seen. Emma unconsciously licked her lips whilst admiring the impressive, uncut length; what she wouldn't give to get her hands on him. He even shaved his balls, 'God, he is so hot!' she thought to herself.

Emma had her finger poised above the mouse, the cursor sat over the 'minimise' button, ready to hide her new, voyeuristic pleasure at the slightest sign of anyone in the office heading her way. Without even realising she was doing it, Emma had begun to gently tease her left nipple through the soft material of her blouse as a soft whimper escaped her lips. With increasing pressure from her fingertips, an aching tightness between her legs soon became her primary focus as she pressed her thighs together tightly.

Realising how dry her mouth had become, she reached over to take a drink of water. As she put the glass to her lips and tipped the cool liquid into her mouth, keeping her eyes glued to the screen the entire time, her worst nightmare came true.

"You naughty girl," came a voice from right over her shoulder.

The water sprayed from her mouth and bounced back out of the glass, soaking her face and the top of her blouse. She quickly span her chair around with droplets of water running down her panic-stricken expression and came face to face with her best friend, Cassie. Always a troublemaker and considered the office joker, her smile stretched from ear to ear as she tried to suppress a laugh at the sight of Emma, dripping wet and caught red-handed looking at dirty photos on her computer.

"Jesus Christ, Cassie!" Emma whispered loudly, "You scared the shit out of me!"

Cassie reached over to the box of tissues sat on Emma's desk and handed her one. "Sorry; I didn't mean to sneak up on you. I was just coming over to say hello and happened to catch you looking at some porn."

"Shh! Keep your voice down," Emma chided quietly, taking another quick glance up and down the office. "This is not porn. It's... It's..."

"Looks like porn to me," Cassie replied, leaning over Emma to get a better look. "Oh, he's fucking gorgeous! Can you email me that?"

"No I can not!" Emma replied, a little louder than she had expected. Cassie turned to look at her, a puzzled expression on her face.

"Why not?" she asked slowly, in a curious tone. Seeing the trepidation in her friend's expression, she started to piece things together as she flicked her gaze back and forth between the explicit photo on the computer screen and Emma's face, only now recognising her friend's housemate. "You did not! Is that...?" She almost screamed in excitement. Cassie had been Emma's friend for several years and had been over to the house and met Jack many times since he had moved in.

"Would you keep your voice down! What are you trying to do, get me fired?" Emma grabbed her firmly by the sleeve and pulled her down for a conspiratorial, girly chat. "You did not see this. It is not who you think it is. No, I did not sleep with him."

"Sleep with who?" replied Cassie.

"Jack."

"So it is him! I knew it." Cassie was the master of deception and could psychologically wrangle any secret from anybody. Her cunning powers of manipulation were legendary around the firm.

"Shit. Okay, it's him, but you didn't see this, okay? I left my camera in my jacket pocket the other day and it is, at this very moment, doing the back crawl around my washing machine. I had to borrow Jack's camera for the Sanderson appointment this morning." 

Cassie crouched down next to the chair, reached over for another tissue and started drying a few missed spots of moisture from Emma's face. "I'm starting to worry about you, Em. Six months you have been living with this guy," she pointed to the screen, "And you haven't once fucked him. You're not going... funny on me, are you?" And with that she puckered her lips and made comical kissing noises.

Emma couldn't help but laugh. "No, I'm not going 'funny'. You know I like him, it's just... never happened. I'm not as, erm, forward as you are."

Cassie's eyebrows rose. "I'm going to assume you didn't just mean to insinuate that I'm a slut." Emma blushed, nervously. "I'm joking! Listen, when he comes home from work tonight, why don't you just rip his clothes off?"

Emma had had enough of Cassie's advice to last a lifetime. She was thirty years old and could make her own bad decisions, thank you very much. She closed the photo that was open on the screen, turned back to her friend and replied jovially, "Thanks, Cass. I might just do that."

Cassie planted a huge kiss on her friends cheek. "Lucky bitch." she giggled as she strode off.

After an excruciating day of sexual frustration and thoughts that can only be described as mischievous temptation, Emma eventually made it home. The traffic of the central city almost drove her to the brink on several occasions. All she wanted to do was strip off her clothes, peel the now sodden panties down her legs and plunge her favourite vibrator into her aching pussy until she came so hard she nearly passed out. That's all.

Slinging her bag onto the table in the hallway, she strode into the kitchen and poured herself a large glass of cold white wine that barely hit the sides. Not realising how long she had actually been stuck in the traffic, Emma was surprised to hear the front door open as Jack arrived home.

"Anybody in?" he called from the hallway.

"In the kitchen."

As he strode through the doorway, she couldn't help but look at him in a different way. He was wearing an expensive, graphite coloured suit that just dripped from his muscular frame. Emma fought the temptation to allow her eyes to drift down to his crotch and instead of drooling, forced a smile. 

"Hey, Em. How was your day?" he asked. Jack was always thoughtful and kind. He enquired every single day and never out of a sense of duty or a need to make small talk. It was because he actually cared.

"Pretty good, thanks. How about you?"

"Oh, you know. I'm always kept busy solving other people's problems," he replied as he slipped off his suit jacket and slowly removed his tie. "I'm just going to grab a quick shower and then I'll cook us up something nice. Sound good?"

Emma just smiled and nodded, not trusting her voice at that moment. He was handsome, successful, kind, had a cock that made her want to just kneel and worship it for the whole evening and, oh yes, he was also a fantastic cook. As he turned and left, her eyes closed and a dreamy sigh escaped her lips at the thought of him in the kitchen, completely naked except for an apron, his firm buttocks showing from the back. She bit her bottom lip and whimpered at the thoughts that now cascaded through her mind. She needed to cum and she needed to cum right now!

Emma hitched up her short skirt as she perched her bottom gently on the corner of the kitchen table and slowly slipped her right hand into her panties. She was dripping with excitement and couldn't believe the state she had gotten herself into. Rubbing her throbbing clit in slow, circular motions, Emma tilted her head back and allowed a guttural moan to escape her lips as the pleasure spread from her centre. She could feel the tumultuous pressure of an impending orgasm building inside of her and could barely keep from plunging her fingers into her aching depths to finish the job. Now that she was on the precipice of bliss, she wanted nothing more than to ride it slowly to its conclusion.

She began to imagine Jack walking back into the kitchen and ravishing her on the kitchen table. He would grip the delicate, lacy material of her panties and roughly tear them from her body as he stepped between her spread thighs. Gripping the front of her blouse, that too would be disposed of in an equally masculine manner as the buttons would bounce and skitter across the kitchen floor. He would place the head of his stiff length between the swollen folds of her pussy and then...

"Hey, Em?"

Oh shit! Either Jack had just had the fastest shower known to mankind, or Emma had completely lost track of time. She quickly removed her hand from between her legs and hid the glossy, slick evidence of her fingers behind her back before Jack made it to the bottom of the stairs. With her cheeks flushed and burning bright red, her appearance gave away her condition but she tried her best not to show it.

"Yeah?" she squeaked in reply.

He appeared in the doorway wearing nothing but a white towel wrapped around his waist and padded across the cool, tiled floor of the kitchen, barefoot. His short, dark hair, the colour of a moonless midnight, was slicked back; his lean, rippling physique swathed in enticing droplets of moisture. 'He looks just like he did in the photo,' Emma thought to herself as she swallowed and ran the tip of her tongue over her plump lips. 

"Have you seen my camera?"

The camera! Emma's eyes went wide and the colour drained from her face. In the confusion of her frenzied, sex-addled brain, she had forgotten to place it back in Jack's room and had left it in her bag which was now sat on the hallway table. Blushing furiously and struggling to maintain eye contact with him, she mumbled through her excuse as best as she could manage. 

"Your camera, yeah... I hope you don't mind but I borrowed it for a house viewing this morning." Emma glanced over the washing machine in the corner and then back to Jack. "Mine took a swim."

"Oh, right. No, that's fine," he replied disarmingly, followed by a little laugh. "Sorry to hear about your camera."

"Thanks." 

Emma retrieved the camera from her bag in the hall and handed it back to him, avoiding eye contact. She hadn't felt that embarrassed in a long time. As Jack went back upstairs to change, she watched his tight buttocks flex from side to side under the towel like a couple of walnuts wrapped in a tea towel. Letting out a deep sigh and having completely lost the motivation to continue pleasuring herself, she set the table for dinner and helped herself to another glass of wine.

The fusilli pasta was delicious. As they both delved into their large bowls of steaming, saucy italian swirls, Emma was amazed at how she had yet to find a single thing that Jack was bad at. Everything they ate was fresh and homemade. Each savoury morsel was an explosion of tangy tomato and creamy parmesan cheese.

"You could be a chef, you know," Emma remarked.

Jack laughed and smiled, his perfect, pearly white teeth showing under his moist, licked lips. The warm glow from the lamp in the corner of the room accentuated the masculine form of his chiselled jawline. 

"You say that every time I cook us something to eat," he replied, giving her a slight huff of amusement as he took a drink of his crisp chardonnay.

"Well, it's true. You have a natural talent in the kitchen," Emma stated in an off-the-cuff manner. The flirty banter was commonplace; a regular but friendly game played at mealtimes.

A reluctant smile found its way to his lips. "Thanks, Em. I appreciate the compliment." Emma just caught sight in the corner of her eye of the wink he flashed her across the table, and she almost instantly felt her cheeks blush. 

'More wine,' she considered, helping herself to another mouthful, 'Lots more wine.'

Resting his fork on the edge of his bowl, he gently placed his elbows on the table and leaned forward slightly. "What were the pictures like?" 

Blowing bubbles in your glass of wine was never sexy. Having almost choked on her drink, Emma patted her chest as she coughed. As she grabbed her napkin and subtly dabbed her mouth, she eeked out, "What?"

"The photos, of the house. Did they come out ok?" he asked. "I splashed out a little more for the expensive model but I think it was worth it."

"Oh, right," Emma replied, now a nervous wreck. "Very good. The quality was... excellent."

They finished dinner and, after clearing away the pots, Emma made the excuse that she had a little work to finish off. She sequestered herself on the couch with her laptop and a the last of her glass of wine. As the machine booted up, she jumped as she felt Jack's hands slide over the tops of her arms and gently come to rest on her shoulders. A quiet gasp of surprise and delight escaped her lips as he leaned in close, his face right next to hers. She could smell the fresh, fragrant cologne he had splashed on; it was intoxicating.
