 I could hear his footsteps, I was hyper-aware of Mr. Christiansen coming up behind me -- and furthermore, he knew that I knew he was there. Though he didn't touch me, I could feel his hand ghosting around the curve of my ass.

"Good Morning, Mr. Christiansen," I said in a voice so calm I deserved an Oscar, "did you have a good summer?"

Abruptly, I felt his hand come down on my ass, a hard slap that made me jump in surprise. Then I saw, out of the corner of my eye, him drop his brief case next to his desk in preparation.

"How on Earth was I supposed to have a pleasant summer, Miss Gavin? When I knew that what is mine was being paraded around every day in nothing but a sports bra and tiny, slutty shorts?" his voice was as calm as mine, but I could hear the rage simmering underneath.

I was confused by what he meant, and I made the mistake of trying to stand upright. I tried to move, but as soon as I started to turn, his chest was pressed into my back, his iron-hard forearms wrapped around my middle in an unbreakable embrace.

"The classroom in which we had our in-service days gave me a perfect view of the field hockey field. I watched you spend hours running, practically naked, for anyone to see. The way you poured your water bottles on each other was downright pornographic, and now you're trying to move without me telling you to do so. I'm going to teach you a lesson, Miss. Gavin. Can you guess what it is?"

His hot breath on my ear was causing me to shiver, and when I took too long to answer he bit down on my lobe -- hard.

"I'm yours," I gasped at the pain and the arousal it caused. "That's the lesson -- that I'm yours." He quickly sucked on the bite, easing the sting, before he stepped back.

"Very good. Though, I'm afraid, that won't get you out of your punishment. Now lift up that skirt and bend over the desk like a good girl."

Shakily, I pulled my skirt up and resumed my position. I heard him let out a low groan at the sight of me bent over in a g-string and knee highs, before his pale, long-fingered hand snaked into view, picking up the ruler off his desk.

"Moan for me, Miss. Gavin."

The ruler came down across my ass, hard enough that I felt the sting, but pleasurable enough that I felt liquid pooling in my g-string.

He brought it down twice more, and by the third time, I had to bite my lip to muffle my moan. Mr. Christiansen paused, knowing I had held back.

"You're going to defy me, then? If you keep that up, I'll hold off your release until you're begging me on your fucking knees."

The ruler was brought down six more times, and by then I was desperate to rub my legs together -- anything to ease the throbbing between them.

"Are you wet for me, Miss. Gavin?"

"Ye-yes, Mr. Christiansen" That most definitely came out as a moan.

"Hmm. Let's see, shall we?" Then he brought the ruler up between my legs and lightly spanked my clit.

The moan I let out this time was apparently loud enough to satisfy him, because abruptly he was pressed over me, his hard length against my ass.

I could feel his hand running along the inside of my thigh, and then two of his fingers were running up and down my slit through the soaking fabric of my g-string.

"P-please Mr. Christiansen." I begged, even as my hips bucked, trying to get his fingers to do something, anything, more.

"Say it. Say it and I'll give you what your young, tight little cunt has been begging for." He was placing wet kisses against the back of my neck as he spoke, and I could feel him rubbing himself against the curve of my ass.

"I'm yours. Always yours."

The second I let out the declaration, he was spreading me open, though still confined to my g-string. He began rubbing my clit ever so lightly with his finger as he bit down hard on the back of my neck, a perfect mix between pleasure and pain. I moaned so loudly that they could probably hear me throughout the entire building, and began rubbing my hips in time with the strokes of his finger.

His thumb replaced his finger on my clit, and then his finger was pushing my g-string aside and sinking into my wet, aching center. A second finger roughly joined the first, pumping in and out of me while still rubbing my clit with his thumb.

"Mmm, you're so hot and tight, I can't wait to feel you around my cock."

His words, combined with him curling his fingers inside of me, was creating the wonderful building of tension in my stomach, and I knew I was close to climaxing.

Mr. Christiansen leaned in and whispered in my ear, "Good girl. Cum for me. Make this slutty little cunt cum all over my fingers."

Then he pinched my clit, and I was suddenly tightening around his fingers, biting my lip so hard to keep from screaming that I drew blood.

As I came down off my high, I registered that he was still rubbing against me, and I knew the pleasure was far from over. When I heard him fiddling with his belt buckle, my suspicions were confirmed.

"Now, I'm going to fuck you while you're bent over this desk. And it'll be so hard you'll be seeing fucking stars."

"It's 6:30am and another bright and sunny morning here in the greater Hartford area..."

And that's how I woke up almost every morning over the summer.

This particular morning was different, though. Summer was officially over, and it was the first day of school. I would be seeing Mr. Christiansen every day again. One would think I'd be excited, anxious even, to get up and ready for the day. But I hadn't seen him since the night of Cotillion. When he didn't try to contact me right away, I was mildly insulted. After a few weeks, I was disappointed and I questioned myself A LOT. By the time I started field hockey, and began seeing his car among others in the faculty parking lot, I was a little pissed, but decided to move on. I couldn't let my personal feelings get in the way of my senior year, in the way of Yale.

Of course I wasn't so 'over it' that I made sure I looked especially good as I got ready for school. The summer sun had been kind to me, leaving my skin with a tan glow and highlights in my already blonde hair. After I put on my uniform, I slipped on my regulation 2 inch heels and headed out the door to get coffee before my first class.

I was pleased with my schedule, and happy I wouldn't have to see Mr. Christiansen until just before lunch. I'd had most of my teachers before, and listening to them drone on about the syllabus was just too boring when I had other things on my mind.

I double checked my appearance in the bathroom before I hesitantly headed for third block. I focused on keeping my breathing in check as I approached his classroom door. There were a few others in front of me walking toward the same door, so I hoped I would be able to just sneak in quietly, without grabbing his attention.

No such luck.

He was leaning against the edge of his desk, facing all of us when he addressed me.

"Good morning, Miss Gavin. How was your summer?"

It was frustrating, unsatisfying and disappointing, Mr. Christiansen, how was yours?

"It was fine, sir. How was yours?" I responded noncommittally, refusing to look at him.

"It left much to be desired, glad to be back." I heard him say.

"Well, great." I dismissed him.

It wasn't like he didn't know how to find me, how to get ahold of me. I spent practically the whole summer with Jessica, and my personal e-mail was on those contact cards we fill out for every class at the start of the semester. I wasn't expecting some long letter of him confessing his love for me, or for him to be around Jessica's all that often, but even a little effort, or even just the courtesy of letting me know he was pulling the plug would have been great.

But I received no e-mail. No letter. He was never at Jessica's; even during a few of the family gatherings I had attended.

I immediately regretted looking up when I finally did. All I could pay attention to when I looked at him was the view I had from my knees, his scent that I inhaled when we were dancing, his words that gave me chills. The reminders constantly flooding my mind made me feel embarrassed as I was brought back to reality by the harsh realization. He didn't really ever want me the way that I wanted him and at that point I actually was just another desperate slut who begged for his cock. Who knew how many others he did that with?

My eyes glossed over as I came to my conclusion, but I quickly blinked them back, so as not to draw attention to myself. It took a few minutes, but I finally suppressed the dull ache in my throat urging me to cry, so I could focus on the syllabus and what he was saying. My suspicions of his disinterest were confirmed when he didn't even make an effort to stop me on my way out of class, not even a meager attempt to explain himself.

I spent the rest of the day in a terrible mood, keeping mostly to myself and took my frustration out on the field as we did our running for the day. I only needed to make it through two more days before a three day weekend Labor Day graciously gave us. I planned to spend the weekend with Jessica, since my parents decided to make their trip to the Hamptons a romantic get-away, instead of a family affair. I'd become something of a staple at her family functions, feeling right at home with her parents and extended family. Minus Mr. Christiansen, of course.

We had a home game on Friday to finish off the longest three days of my life. After an exhausting tied game, we ended up winning in overtime. It was a satisfying win, after an hour and a half of playing back and forth with them, but it also meant I was late getting to Jessica's. I skipped showering, and just threw all my things in the back of my Mercedes, where the bags for my weekend rested, already packed and ready to go. I barely got my shin guards off while I slipped on my flip flops and hopped in to the driver's seat, waving goodbye to my teammates.

Forty five minutes later, I was pulling in to Jessica's large estate. Their housekeeper took my bags upstairs while I walked out back to greet my surrogate family.

"Ashton, finally! We were gettin' worried about you!" Jessica's mom, Sarah drawled as she stood up and wrapped her arms around me to greet me. "And you're filthy, baby!"

"Sorry, we went in to overtime at my game, so I just came straight here when we were done, and figured I could shower here instead." I apologized to the overly loving woman. "But we won!"

"What was the score?" Jessica asked, excitedly. She also played field hockey at her school.

"3-2. I made the last goal." I announced proudly.

"Well that calls for celebration then," Sarah lifted her glass, "go on and get cleaned up for dinner, and I'll have Olivia open another bottle of Rosé."

Another great thing about Jessica's mom: she was always ready to celebrate any occasion with top shelf anything.

I came back downstairs a short while later polished and dressed in a simple coral sundress and used a small clip to pull my bangs back, but left my hair down after I dried it. I dusted myself with a little bit of make-up and declared myself ready for the evening. Sarah had a flare for drama, so we always dressed for dinner.

As I walked out on to the deck where everyone was, Jessica readily greeted me with a glass of wine. I sat down in the empty chair next to hers and we talked among ourselves until Sarah announced she needed a refill, and took our glasses to do the same.

"So when is dinner? I'm starved." I casually asked Jessica.

"I think we're just waiting on Uncle Dan." She responded, looking around. "Mom finally got him to agree to spend the weekend. It'll be cool to have the whole family here. Mom was, like, super bummed that she hasn't seen him all summer."

"Ah..." I nodded.

Seriously? He decides to show up now?

WHAT THE FUCK.

"Hey, let's start the weekend on a high note. What do you say we go roll a blunt?" she said with a wicked smile.

"Count me in!" I immediately agreed.

Fuck it. If he wasn't going to make it easy for me, then I was done making it easy on him. I was going to show him exactly what he passed up, and make him regret stringing me along. Jess and I went upstairs and leisurely passed a blunt back and forth. As we finished, our hunger was getting the best of us, so we took our wine glasses and went back downstairs. We fumbled over each other as we went back out on the deck, giggling and effectively incriminating ourselves.

"Jessica Louise, I hope you lit a candle." Sarah said accusingly.

"Of course, mom. I made sure of it." I assured her. "I need a refill, can I get you one, too?"

Sarah's façade melted as she cracked a smile when I reached for her glass. "Thank you, angel."

I refilled our glasses and returned to the deck, while we stayed engrossed in ourselves. I was extremely high, and Jessica and I were having the time of our lives. I barely noticed when Mr. Christiansen finally showed up, only taking note that everyone was heading inside to eat. I stopped in the kitchen to once again refill my glass when I was interrupted.

"Drinking underage again, Miss Gavin?" he lightly scolds.

But Sarah comes to my rescue.

"Oh now, none of that, Dan. She's as good as family 'round here. You are not teacher and student in my house; when you're here, you are simply Ashton and Dan."

"Yeah Dan," I emphasized his name with a drunk smile, "I'm not your student here."

Glass in hand, I took my seat at the very large table next to Jessica. Looking around, I noticed the vast majority of Jessica's extended family was present. Sarah was one of three, and Steve, Jessica's dad, was one of six. It looked as though everyone except Steve's eldest brother's family had made it, so far. My count seemed pretty accurate.

"So Ashton, how's senior year looking?" Steve asked while we ate.

"Pretty great, so far; busy, but good. I'm actually really excited to have a weekend off to relax. Jess and I spent almost every free moment on the beach with Surf Rider, but it's totally paid off. I've been involved every summer since I was 13, and since then, the fatality rate for ocean life due to trash has dropped 86%." I responded.

"It really is so important to keep the beaches clean." Jessica enthusiastically added.

"Though with school starting, I'm hoping to find something a little closer to home to get involved in. I might get involved with the Healthy Hearts Club, since it's so personal for me."

"Any boyfriends?" Sarah chimed in.

"No," I shook my head with a smile, "no boyfriends. I'm focusing on school."

"Well you go easy on the twins tomorrow; those boys love you!"

The twins Sarah referred to were the sons of Steve's oldest brother. Ian and Alec were just starting their second year of college and they were arriving the following day with their parents. I blushed at her comment, they did give me quite a bit of attention.

And I was going to use that to my advantage. Let Mr. Christiansen see what he's missing.

Anyway...

"What are your college plans?"

"Well I'm hoping for Yale, but I'm also applying to Harvard, Princeton and Dartmouth."

"Those are excellent choices. I suppose your father has already made you a shoe-in at Dartmouth, yes?" Steve grinned, knowing my dad was a Dartmouth man.

"He has, but Yale is still the goal." I confirmed.

"Well that's wonderful, Jessica is also a Yale hopeful." Steve acknowledged with approval.

"And with all the community service you girls have done and how involved you are in athletics, what college wouldn't take you?!" Sarah boasted.

"How great would that be go to Yale together? We could be roommates!" Jessica gushed.

"Um, definitely!" I added with the same enthusiasm.

"Sarah and I are set to have dinner with Dean Carrigan and his wife next week, and I'll put in a good word."

"Oh, I wouldn't want to steal Jessica's thunder..." I hesitated.

"Nonsense, baby. Jessica's been as good as in since she was just a little girl. Consider it done." Sarah said with a wink.

"Well thank you, I really appreciate it," I said, sincerely to my surrogate parents.

"We're happy to do anything we can, Ashton." Steve assured me. "Just name it and it will be yours, every time."

"You mean you can introduce me to the Backstreet Boys?" I clutched my chest, feigning shock, "that's it, I am moving in next week!"

The others around the table chuckled at my joke until Sarah changed the subject.

"So Dan, how's that girlfriend of yours? Tina? Tara?"

I dropped my fork on to my plate.

"It was Taylor, and we broke up a couple of months ago." He curtly replied.

So that's what it was. He had a girlfriend.

Oh it's on.

-:-

Saturday morning, I woke up and headed downstairs for breakfast. I decided against putting a bra on, and stayed only in my tank top and small boxer shorts. It would catch Mr. Christiansen's attention, but still be casual enough to get away with.

I was the first one up for breakfast, so I made myself a plate from the large spread of everything breakfast related in the kitchen. Taking my plate and my kindle, I set them down at the dining room table, and made myself a cup of coffee before diving in to my fruit and the Hunger Games.

A few minutes later, I noticed out of the corner of my eye, Mr. Christiansen came in with a plate and newspaper. I pretended not to notice him, and just kept my focus on my Kindle.

"Miss Gavin," he greeted.

Moments later, I looked up at him with a blank expression. "Yeah?"

He grimaced at my reaction, but quickly recovered. "I was merely saying good morning."

"Oh." I flatly replied, and then looked back down at my e-book.

We sat in the silence another few minutes before he tried again.

"Ashton, I think we should talk soon."

I shook my head, having none of it. "You had your chance. My body may still crave you every single night, but I sure don't. So why don't you go call your girlfriend?"

I finished planting my seed, so I didn't even let him respond. I just got up and walked away.

He had some nerve, expecting me to just fall all over myself for him again.

Fuck that.

I took my time showering and getting ready, but about an hour later, I was desperate for another cup of coffee, so I went to find Jessica, who was already showered and ready for the day, too. We didn't bother to get dressed in anything other than our bathing suits. Of course I chose the smallest one I owned, a simple and tiny white string bikini with just a small little cover-up romper over it.

Jess and I went straight for the pool side. As I shed my cover-up, I left it off for the day, giving Mr. Christiansen every opportunity and reason to look. When Jessica's eldest uncle showed up with the twins, I greeted them enthusiastically, letting them pick me up and twirl me around. Behind my sunglasses, I was free to shamelessly look around to see if he was watching.

Oh, he was watching, alright.

He watched as I wrapped my legs around each of them when they spun me, he watched as I innocently asked Ian to help me put the tanning oil on my back and shoulders, and he watched every time I flipped in to the pool from the diving board.

I reveled in the feeling of teasing him. I made him want me, and frustrated him by throwing it in his face that he couldn't have me. I may have turned in to just another slut in class who wanted him, but I had every intention of making him feel the same way he made me feel.

Frustrated and alone.

After lunch, I went inside to fix my chlorine filled hair. As soon as I reached the end of the hall, I was pushed in to the office adjacent from the door I had been headed for. Of course it was Mr. Christiansen, and he looked pissed. He pushed me against the door he just slammed shut, the weight of his body strong against mine. It was like he had a key that just woke up my body; none of my fantasies compared to the real thing.
