 “Excuse me.” 

His voice sent a shiver coursing through me that only intensified at the feel of his body brushing against mine. Gawd, just looking at Dr. Davidson sometimes made me blush. I was beginning to think that continuing as his lab assistant was a bad idea. It couldn’t possibly be healthy to walk around this aroused all the time.

From the corner of my eye, I tracked his movements around the lab. Every second was heightening my arousal. I could almost feel his hands on me, hear his voice go husky with passion. I knew I was being ridiculous, but I couldn’t seem to think of anything else. 

“Elizabeth? Are you ok?” 

Jerked back to reality. A blush was working its way up my neck and I was suddenly trying very hard not to giggle. “Ye-Yes, Dr. Davidson, I’m fine. Did you need something?”

“Actually, yes. I need to see you in my office tomorrow afternoon. Two o’clock?”

“Ummm… yeah, that will be fine. Should I bring my lab reports?”

He seemed distracted as he answered. “Yeah, that’s fine. Sounds good.”

My eyes were glued to his ass as he left the lab. A moan was caught in my throat. A meeting with him in his office? Why?

*******

The following morning, I agonized over what to wear, and then decided I was being silly. This was my professor I was thinking about. A PhD… not some grad student with a hard-on. I was probably being called into his office to be removed from the project. I sighed and slipped on my jeans and button down shirt. Both were beat up and rather threadbare, but they were clean, and that was all I usually cared about. Today, I took another look in the mirror and sighed again. ‘No way he wants anything from you except your withdrawal from the program.’

By the time two o’clock rolled around, I was so nervous, I didn’t think I’d make it to the appointment. I’d fantasized about Dr. Davidson all day long. I’d actually locked myself in a bathroom stall and masturbated this morning with thoughts of him assaulting my senses. On the other hand, I just knew he was giving me the boot, and I was going to have to figure out how to get my Master’s without the lab work I needed.

I knocked on his office door, and took a deep breath. 

“Yes?” He sounded slightly irritated… maybe distracted. I hoped it wasn’t directed at me.

“Dr. Davidson? We had a two o’clock? I brought those lab reports.”

“Yes. Have a seat.”

Sitting down in a burgundy velvet chair, I crossed my legs. Uncrossed them. Sat my books and reports on my lap. Leaned down and placed them on the floor by my feet. Crossed and uncrossed my legs again. Looked up at Dr. Davidson and blushed. He was watching me, a slight smile on his face.

“Are you ok, Elizabeth?”

I blushed. Deep red. The heat moving up my neck and onto my cheeks. I glanced away. Took a deep breath. Looked back. “Yes. Just nervous, I guess. I’m… not sure why you wanted to meet with me outside the lab.”

He smiled. Did he blush? “I wanted to talk to you. You’ve seemed… distracted lately. As if something is bothering you. Is everything going ok? I know you need this lab, but I don’t think you’re giving it everything you can.”

Half of my brain was screaming at me to say something, anything to keep this position as lab assistant. The other half was just listening to the rhythm of his voice. Watching his mouth move. Noticing how his fingers moved as he played with a pen on his desk. I knew it was ridiculous, but I could feel myself getting wet. My hand was absently plucking at the loose strings surrounding a hole in the thigh of my jeans. A nervous habit, that right now was making me even more aware of my body. Apparently, it was having the same effect on him, because his eyes were glued to my hand. His awareness intensified my arousal. I could feel the crotch of my jeans getting damp. 

“Dr Davidson, I’m sorry. I know I’ve been distracted, and I’ll make more of an effort. Really. But I have to go. Now.” I bent to gather my books and make my escape at the same time he dropped his pen and bent to pick it up. Our heads bumped and I almost laughed at the cliché. As it was, I giggled nervously, and sat up. My books were clasped to my chest, hopefully muffling the sound of my heart pounding.

Dr. Davidson looked up slowly. “Are you ok?” He chuckled. “I seem to be asking you that a lot lately, Elizabeth.”

“Yes. I just need to… go. I need to go.”

“No.” It was said so softly, I could barely hear it, but it sent shivers up my spine.

“What? Why?”

“Because I asked you here for a reason.” He took a deep breath and ran his fingers through his hair. His eyes met mine, and I could see the lust, the uncertainty in them. He blushed then, and looked away. As if he knew what I’d seen. 

I put my hand on his shoulder. He tensed and turned back toward me. The uncertainty was still there on his face, but it was fading. Losing the battle with desire.

He reached up and took my hand from his shoulder. His thumb ran over the back of my hand, making me shiver. His eyes locked on mine. My stomach flipped over again, went liquid. He stood, looking down at me. “If you’re going to leave, do it now.”

When I didn’t answer, or move, he smiled. Reaching for my books, his hand brushed against my breast and I moaned. I was tingling from head to toe. He sat the books on his desk and pulled me out of the chair.

Standing inches away from him, I could feel the heat from his body. It was nothing compared to the heat in his eyes. His hands on my shoulders were searing, causing reactions all the way to my toes. He bent his head to mine, and when our lips touched, I melted.

Lips parting, tongues sliding together. His hands moving from my shoulders to my neck. Tangling in my hair. Tilting my head for more complete access to my mouth. His cock hardening and throbbing between us.

His mouth moved down my neck, following his hands as he unbuttoned my shirt. My knees went weak. My hips moved involuntarily against his. His teeth on my collarbone sent shivers through me as he pushed my shirt off my shoulders. It hung to the floor, still tucked into my jeans. He cupped my breasts in his hands, teasing my nipples through the fabric of my bra.

My hands went between us, one stroking his cock, his jeans a barrier to actual contact with his flesh. The other moved over his chest, feeling his nipples harden as the flannel abraded them. Groaning, he reached behind me and unclasped my bra, dropping it to the floor. Lowering his head once more, he hungrily kissed my breasts.

The need to feel his skin was almost a hunger. I unfastened his jeans and pushed them down. His jockeys soon followed. His moan echoed in my ears when I wrapped my hand around his hardness. Slowly stroking as it pulsed and throbbed. My hand moved from the base of his cock to the tip, gliding over the head, and back down. Spreading his juices, making his cock slick.

His teeth closed over one nipple as his hands unfastened my jeans. He softly shook his head, abrading my skin with his whiskers, pushing my jeans to the floor. My shirt pooled there too. One of his hands slipped around my waist and down to cup my ass. With the other, he gently parted my thighs. Fingers slipping softly between my pussy lips, and sliding across my hard, throbbing clit. He groaned, burying his face between my breasts, and going completely still. Except for his fingers, exploring deeper, moving over my pussy, sliding inside, teasing me.

My hand stilled on his cock, my body nearly overwhelmed with the sensations he was causing throughout my body. My hips grinding against his hand. I moaned when he took his hand away. He lifted his head from my breasts, looking into my eyes as he licked each finger clean. I closed my eyes, and he leaned down to kiss me, sharing the taste of me on his tongue. My knees nearly buckled.

Gently, he pushed down on my shoulders, easing me back into the velvet chair. The soft fabric against my bottom was more arousing than I would have thought possible. I shifted my hips, enjoying the feel. 

He sank to his knees before me, his hands on my thighs, spreading, then lifting them. He placed my knees over the arms of the chair, and sat back on his heels, simply looking at me. I blushed furiously, and tried to close my legs. He stopped me with a soft shake of his head. “I want to watch you.” It was whispered, barely audible, but the desire was thick in his voice.

I groaned, and watched his face as my hand slid down to my pussy. My fingers trailed slowly across the lips, sliding alongside, but not touching my clit. I smiled when he licked his lips. Shifting my hips forward, lifting them slightly, I dropped my head back and closed my eyes. Concentrating on pleasuring myself. My fingers teased and plucked and pinched lightly at my lips and clit. The juices making the hairless skin feel slick and silky. The heat a pulsing fever spreading through my body.

I felt his hands on my ass at almost the same time his tongue touched my wet fingers. He sucked them into his mouth, grazing them lightly with his teeth as he cleaned my juices from them. He lifted my hips, releasing my fingers and lowering his head to my soaked pussy. My fingers tangled in his hair as he used his tongue and teeth and lips to drive me hard and fast toward oblivion. 

My thighs tightened around his head, my knees falling to his shoulders. I pulled him closer with my hands, and ground against his mouth. I felt like I was flying and falling at the same time. His moans, my whimpers, and the wet sounds of his mouth on my flesh mingled with the smell of sex in the room.

One of his hands slid back, his finger circling the entrance to my ass. My body tensed in anticipation, but he simply kept up the teasing. Caught in the sensation, my body moved against him, my hips matching the rhythm of his mouth. My pussy flexing around his plunging tongue.

Just when I thought I couldn’t be pushed any higher, his finger pressed into my ass. Nearly all the way in one thrust. I nearly screamed, my teeth drawing blood as they clamped down on my bottom lip. My hips jerked hard and I came with an intensity I didn’t know was possible.

He continued his oral assault, sucking my clit into his mouth and flicking it with his tongue. His finger moving in and out of my ass in a slow, easy rhythm. He closed his teeth around my clit, sucking hard until I thought I would die. It seemed like my orgasm would never end. The cum was running in a stream down toward my ass, lubing his finger each time it withdrew.

With a gasping moan, he withdrew his finger, grasping my hips and pulling me to him. He buried his face in my pussy and drove me ruthlessly to another orgasm. His tongue plunging in and out of me, his teeth pressing on my clit, making me feel like I might explode. I screamed silently and ground my hips hard against the onslaught.

He lifted his head and stared at me, panting, his face coated in my juices. He growled, “Can’t get enough.”, and pulled me to the floor with him. He rolled with me, stopping with my belly pressed to the floor, his chest against my back, his throbbing cock nestled insistently between my thighs.

Lifting my hips slightly, he thrust into me in one swift, hard movement. Filling me, and slaking a hunger to have him inside of me that I only realized existed at that moment. He pulled me roughly against him, burying himself as deep as he could, and then began thrusting hard and fast. My breasts were pressed into the carpet, and the friction against the aroused flesh of my nipples was driving me mad.

Whimpering and groaning, I raised myself to my hands and knees. He pressed forcefully down on my lower back, and continued pounding into me. I looked back over my shoulder, and watched him as he fucked me. He was looking up, his eyes closed, jaw clenched, and sweat running down his throat. His fingers were digging into my hips, the flesh white around his fingertips. He was thrusting into me with such force I was rocking forward with every movement.

I felt his cock swell within me, throbbing and pulsing. I heard his teeth grind together, felt his body stiffen behind me, and came again as he erupted into me. My pussy spasmed around his cock, milking it for every drop of cum. Both of our bodies seemed to be on autopilot, still moving against each other as we panted.

I stretched back out under him, and he lay against my back, his face buried in my neck, his cock still pulsing within me. He was murmuring something, but I couldn’t make out the words. Just the sound of his voice was soothing. Eventually, he rolled to the side, pulling me with him, and we curled together, completely spent.