 Ashley braced herself as she headed up to Professor Stevens' desk. His note, "See me after class" under the D- she had managed to acquire on her European Literature midterm left her panicking. She had known that she needed to get a good grade on this exam, especially since she hadn't managed to get anything over a C on the other two tests she had already taken. She had driven herself crazy studying for the midterm and thought she had done really well. But as it turns out, she had messed up horribly on two of the essays (both worth twenty points each), and the solemn red D- was a painful reminder of that.

Hesitantly, she inched her way towards his desk, which was at the front of the huge lecture hall that accomodated 120 students at once. She silently cursed herself for blowing this exam as the other students were filing out of the classroom. She knew she would have to try to arrange for extra credit or something, because she was at the university on a full scholarship, which was the only way her parents could possibly afford to pay for such a prestigious university.

"Hi, Professor Stevens." she said nervously as she approached his desk. He was putting away his lecture notes, and looked up at her.

"Hello, Miss Winters," he began. "Glad you could meet with me."

Her heart began to beat loudly in her chest, afraid that he would not be able to offer a solution that would allow her to raise her grade. "I realize that my grades in this class have not been ideal, Professor, but I know that --"

He held his hand up to stop her, and she stopped obediently and looked down, afraid to meet his eyes. "I have my office hours now," he explained, beginning to start putting his things in his shoulder bag. "And there will be another class coming in now that will need to use this room. Do you have a class now, or are you free to discuss your grade at my office? We can work together to think of a way to improve your grade."

Ashley breathed a sigh of relief. "Yes, I'm free." she said, "This is my last class of the day."

So together they walked across the campus to the building where all the professors' offices were located. Outside, it was a cold winter day, and even though it was only 4:30, it was already beginning to get dark. They reached his office, which was a fairly decent sized room, with bookshelves filled with books and a huge oak desk which was covered by papers and lecture notes.

He sat down in his leather desk chair and motioned that she take the other chair in front of the desk, which she did. She removed her heavy winter jacket to reveal the red low-cut v-neck shirt and moderately lengthed black skirt that she had on underneath.

He grinned to himself. He had played this scene out so many times with other female students over the years that he could almost do it in his sleep. "Well," he began his familiar speech, "Your midterm is worth 30% of your final grade, and you already have two C's."

She began to feel nervous again. In order to keep her scholarship and therefore stay at the university, she would need to maintain a 3.0 GPA - and with this literature grade, she would need an A or an A- in her four other classes. That, she realized, was very doubtful. "Is there some kind of extra credit I can do? Like a paper?"

He shook his head. "I'm sorry, Ashley, but I don't give extra credit." he said, pretending to be sad about it. 

Ashley stared at him in disbelief. "But, I thought you said we could work out a way to bring up my grade!" she protested.

"Well, there is one way." he said, winking at her.

All at once, she realized what he meant. "Oh my god, that's gross!" she said. "I can't do that."

"Do you want to fail this course?" he asked. "According to my records, you are here on a scholarship. There is no way you will get the mandatory 3.0 unless you get at least a B in this class."

Her mind was racing. Although she was a good-looking girl, with long brown hair and green eyes, great legs, and a C-cup chest, she was way too shy to go farther than kissing with any guy. She looked up at him. He was a very good-looking man in his late thirties.

"No, I don't want to fail. I really need this grade." she said, resigning herself to her fate.

"Very well." he said, standing up. He walked over to the one window in his office and pulled his blinds shut. Then he walked to the door and locked it shut. His secretary had already left for the day and none of the other professors in his division were still there.

"Stand up." he ordered, and she obliged. He put his hands on her waist, and moved her until she was leaning on his desk. "Sit." She hoisted herself up on the desk and waited.

"Take your shirt off. Slowly. Let me see those pretty tits of yours."

She slowly pulled her shirt off, revealing the red lace bra that was underneath. He whistled softly, admiring her breasts. He walked over to the desk, standing between her legs. He brought his hands up to her breasts and felt them through her bra, running his index fingers around her nipples. She held her breath in, a little nervous due to her inexperience.

"Okay. Now your skirt." he said. She stood up for a moment and slid her skirt down to the floor, then stepped out of them. She began to take her heels off, but he resisted. "Keep them on. Get back on the desk and spread your legs."

She got back on the desk and spread her legs slightly. He pushed them apart even further and admired the view. She was a stunningly beautiful girl. He used his hands to caress her inner thighs, rubbing his way to her panty-covered pussy. She moaned in spite of herself as he explored her over her panties.

Professor Stevens pulled her panties to the side and pushed one finger inside her, meeting resistance. He looked at her in surprise. "You're a virgin, Ashley?"

She nodded shyly.

"Wow. I never would have expected it. You're so beautiful. I'm sure you have to fight boys off with a stick." he said. He continued to finger her with one hand, and massaging a breast with the other hand.

Ashley shook her head shyly. "I've never done any of this before." she confessed. "I never let a guy get this close to me before."

He continued to finger her, then added another finger. She began to move her hips in time with his fingers. He pulled his fingers out of her and brought them up to his mouth, enjoying the taste of her young juices. "Bring your legs up onto the desk, keeping them open wide."

She brought her legs up and he admired the sight. Beautiful eighteen year old girl with nothing but a red lace bra, skimpy red panties and heels on, spread open on his desk for him to do whatever he pleased with her.

He knelt, bringing himself face level with her pussy. He inhaled slowly, then exhaled; blowing air across her panties. She began to moan slightly as the new sensations began to take over her. Next he tugged on her panties, leaving them around her ankles. He got in between her legs and began to explore her with his tongue. She began to quiver as he expertly ate her pussy. He started to tease her by pleasuring her clit until she was right on the edge, then taking off the pressure on her clit by licking her entire slit. He lapped at her juices eagerly, his erection becoming very visible.

"You want to cum, don't you?" he growled, taking his face away from her, but rubbing her clit with his finger. By this time she was very into it and wanted to cum desperately.

"Yes," she exclaimed, "Please finish."

Satisfied that this girl was now his, he went to work on her clit, bringing her to an explosive climax all over his face. He pulled away from her again and stood up. With his hands, he cupped her face and brought her lips to his, allowing her to taste her own juices. She resisted at first, then slowly began to kiss him back. She allowed him to slip his tongue in her mouth, teasing his tongue with hers.

He broke the kiss and pulled her to her feet. In one swift motion, he pushed everything off his desk and led her over to his chair. He pulled his pants down, leaving his boxers on as to not scare her too quickly, then sat down. "Come over here, Ashley." he said. She got in front of him and he positioned her down so she was kneeling in between his legs, slightly under his desk.

His cock was painfully hard now. "Pull my dick out." he ordered, and she tentatively pulled his erection out through the opening. "Now put your mouth on it."

"I've never done this before." she said softly.

"It's okay, I'll show you what to do, baby." he said, pushing her head down until her mouth was on his dick.

She began to slowly lick around the top, getting a taste of it. She licked the pre-cum that was on his tip and he moaned. "That's it, baby." he said approvingly. "Keep going. Put it in your mouth like a good girl."

She opened her mouth and began to give him a blowjob. For a first timer, she was amazingly good and was hitting all of his hot spots with her tongue. He pushed her head down until she had about half of his cock in her mouth, about four inches. He kept pushing her head down until she gagged, getting her used to his eight inch cock deep in her throat. Her throat felt amazing and he felt like cumming right then and there.

Finally, he stopped her. He had other things in mind. "Lie down on the desk, sweetheart." She hopped onto the now cleared desk and spread her legs wide open, preparing herself for the fact that he was now going to be taking her precious virginity.

He brought his boxers to the floor and stepped out of them. He also took Ashley's panties, which were still around her ankles, off and got on top of her. "This is going to hurt a bit, but I promise that you'll get used to it." he told her. She nodded nervously and flinched as she felt him bring his penis over to her pussy, positioning it at her entrance.

He began to run his cock up and down her slit, teasing her a bit. When he finally pushed inside her, she gasped, with both pain and pleasure. He groaned. "You're so tight around my dick," he moaned, "This feels amazing." He kept up a steady rhythm, going slow until she got used to it, then increasing his speed. Ashley started to moan.

He could feel the pressure in his balls as he got ready to cum. Quickly he pulled out of her and pulled her whole body up. He jerked himself off to his finish and brought her head down so she could swallow. He began to cum in her mouth, and she started to gag, but didn't let any get out of her mouth. Satisfied, he pulled out of her mouth and she swallowed.

"That was amazing." he said, as they both began to get dressed. He kissed softly on the mouth, and she responded by kissing him back.

She finished getting dressed and started to make her way to the door. "I'll see you in class tomorrow." she said, and left.

to be continued..