 It was the begging of a new semester at school and things were going good. I had gotten all of the classes I needed for this semester and was really excited about them. One class I was really excited about was my Psych. Class. This was not just a regular Psych. 101 course, but it the focus was human sexuality. Little did I know that I would learn a lot about sex not from the teacher or the class itself but from a fellow student.

It all started the third class meeting. We were broken up into 6 groups, given a topic, and assigned to present the topic. The group I had been in, was assigned the inner female sexual organs. It seemed pretty easy. One person decided to work on the drawing, another person volunteered to proof read our presentation, and I along with a fellow student decided to write it and present it. The fellow students name was Vanessa and she had volunteered to do the research, mainly because she said, "I know a lot about the vagina". I wasn't about to argue, after all she was a girl and had a vagina. Me on the other hand had a penis and only had, around, 3 partners. So we started to talk about the vagina, the clitoris, labia, all of that good stuff. We finished and the person who proofread it said, "It looks good."

We decided to wait for the professor to call our group. While waiting Vanessa and I got into a discussion about sex. She had told me of the different positions she had tried and was very curious to know what I knew about sex. I gulped, I hadn't really intended for me to tell her what positions I had tried or how many times I have had sex. She seemed more experienced than me and was very sure about her own sexuality, while I on the other hand have had sex but didn't really learn anything from it. I said, "I know which hole to put it in."

Her face turned beet red, I don't think she expected that kind of response. She wrote a note on a piece of paper which read, "Meet me outside of the lecture hall after class."

I nodded and it was our turn to give our presentation. The whole time we were giving it, we went into detail about the different functions and what parts stimulate a female to have an orgasm, I was having fantasies about having my cock inside of Vanessa. My eyes kept looking at her firm ass and her medium sized but firm breasts that were squeezed into her bra. When we were done everyone clapped and the professor excused us. We meet outside of the lecture, as she had requested. Immediately she asked me an odd question, "Are you a virgin?"

I might of well have said yes. I responded, "No I am not a virgin but I don't have that much experience."

Her eyes got big and she asked, this time, "Would you like to learn?"

I gulped again. Here I was having dirty thoughts about fucking her and she is asking me to fuck her. I replied, "Um.......ok."

Vanessa got a look on her face like she was having second thoughts. She now asked me, "Don't you think I am sexy? Wouldn't you like to do some of the things I told you I liked doing?"

I was taken back, my damn shyness came back to bite me in the ass. I said, "Oh yes. I would love to find out what you feel like down there."

She perked up this time and said, "Great! Meet me in my dorm tonight at 6."

It was Friday and the thought of having mind blowing sex for the first time in my life seemed good. But I was scared as hell. My biggest fear was that I would blow my load real quick and wouldn't get to hear her soft sweet voice moan in ecstasy. It was now 5:56 and I was seriously reconsidering the whole thing. Something told me to go through with it though, after all it had been a healthy year of masturbating and the thought of giving my hand a break seemed like a good idea. I headed for her dorm, which she had written the location on the same note where she told me to meet her after class. 

I got to her room at 6:05. I knocked and she opened the door. She smiled and immediately noticed candles had been lit, incense had been burning and the bed had been neatly made. After walking in she gave me a hug and pressed her breasts into my chest. My hands were eager to just grab them but I was trying to practice some self control here. We sat on the bed and looked at each other. I gulped for the third time that day and kissed her on the lips. She got a huge smile on her face and kissed me back. This time it was me who was going to ask the questions. I asked her, "Does it make you nervous, that I don't have that much experience?"

She said, "No. I am glad you are honest about it. The fact is I have been sexually frustrated for a few weeks now and was looking for someone that I could teach how to fuck me. You seemed like a good choice because you know which hole to put it in."

I went speechless after that. My hand raised and touched her breasts. She didn't move them away, but she did put her hand on my crotch and started to rub my penis. We knew what we had to do. I pulled away from our lips dancing with each others. Our hands knew what to do after that. The clothes we were wearing were scattered on top of the bed or laying on the floor in a matter of 1 minute. The blankets were not folded neatly but were now clung to our bodies as we started to kiss each other. Her soft firm breasts were resting in my hands and my cock was being stroked softly. Obviously she knew what she was doing. She grabbed one of my hands and put it in between her legs. I didn't need to be told anything. Instantly my fingers were inside of her warm pussy going in and out. She started gasping for breath but I wasn't going to let up. I felt her juices flowing out of her pussy after a couple minutes. She immediately went limp and started moaning in her soft sweet voice. My cock was now throbbing and if not careful would blow up from the pressure. I felt her hands rub my dick up and down. She asked me, "Have you ever had a blow job?"

I had and it wasn't really good because it was the first time for the girl to give one. But I trusted Vanessa and her experience so I replied, "Yes but I would really like to see how you do it."

I closed my eyes as she hovered her body over mine, waiting for those soft lips to start sucking my cock. I felt her soft lips go down on my shaft. It felt so good and my body started twitching. She knew exactly what she was doing. Her right hand and mouth seemed to be unison as they both went up and down. My body started tensing and the pressure kept building. I put one hand on her head and the other on her breasts. The hand, that was on her head, started caressing her hair and moving it out of the way. This was starting to be too much. My back arched, my body tensed up, and sweat was dripping all over me. I moaned, "Vanessa I am going to cum".

She didn't budge. Instead she gripped harder and started sucking harder. I couldn't take anymore and gave her another warning. She ignored me. I wasn't about to be rude so I let go and shot my whole load into her mouth. She moaned and didn't seem bothered by having my sperm in her mouth. Vanessa's grip loosened, but her mouth was still going up and down milking everything out of my dick. I laid there exhausted while she climbed over and lay on top of me. We didn't speak a word to each other, but just lay there. She was listening to my heart beat, I was lightly scratching her back caressing her. She broke the silence by asking me, "Did you like it?"

I held her closer to me and said, "Yes. You knew exactly what to do."

She chuckled in excitement, "I told you I know a lot about sex and how to make guys go crazy."

I just kept lightly scratching her back and then a thought hit me. We hadn't really had sex, we had just fooled around. I told her, "You know we didn't have sex. We just fooled around."

To my surprise she turned over and looked me in the eyes, "Are you saying I don't know what I am talking about?"

Damn, that wasn't the reaction I wanted. I said, "No I am saying we just fooled around."

She looked at me with eyes that dared me to question her knowledge of sex. I wasn't about to go there and I didn't know how to defuse the situation so I told her, "Well do you think you could show me some more?"

Vanessa loosened up some more and said, "Yes, but I want to experience you in control so I can teach you some more. Get on top of me."

In my head I was groaning, missionary position was one of my least favorites except on certain occasions. I rolled her over and got on top of her. She opened her legs and slowly I put my cock inside of her. My ass was going up and down. I was kissing her non-stop. I was trying to give her a hickey. Things were just a mess. I came in about 5 minutes, she was nowhere interested in the sex we just had, and she now looked at me like I was an idiot. I lay down next her and she sighed, "That was terrible. You showed no interest in making me feel good. Try looking into my eyes, softly touching me, try to make some kind of effort to show interest or appreciation for how I am making you feel."

I now felt like an idiot. These things never occurred to me about sex. I always thought that a girl had an orgasm if the guy lasted long enough. I said, "I am sorry. Do you want me to leave?

She sighed again, "No, I want you to stay. We are going to try this again. I told you I would teach you."

Laying there stunned I felt like a jack-ass. Vanessa got on top of me and said, "Watch what I do."

My dick was having a hard time getting up again considering how worthless I began to feel. But there she went touching me in the right places again and it soon puckered up again. It felt great as she lifted her body and slid my cock in between her pussy once again. Her hips were going back and forth, while her firm breasts began to bounce up and down. I was noticing all of the little things she was doing rubbing my chest, massaging her tits, squeezing my wrists, caressing my face, and looking into my eyes. I didn't want her to stop and was trying very hard not to cum. I started caressing her legs, massaging her breasts lightly, caressing her face and neck. She moaned loudly and said, "That's it! Make me feel good."

I looked deep into her eyes and watched her as she started going faster and faster, riding me back and forth. Her hands went on the headboard and her beautiful breasts rested right in front of my face. I tickled her nipples with my tongue, sucking them like they were an extension of us fucking. She began to scream now, "Oh God! Do it like you mean it! Oh yes, I am going to cum and I want you to cum inside of me whenever you are ready!"

Vanessa moaned, loudly, in ecstasy as she had an intense orgasm. Immediately she collapsed on top of me, to tired to keep going. I knew exactly what to do. I rolled her on her back and spread her legs. I put my dick back inside of her. This time I was going slow, allowing her to enjoy the size of cock, looking into her eyes, and caressing her face. She started moaning and she wrapped her legs around me. I let her lick and play with my nipples while I was pumping in and out of her. After what seemed like a long time, I started to climax and tensed up. My dick was tensing up and needed to release this pressure. I thrusted one last time and let my cock shoot out, all of my, cum inside of her. She moaned as if she had just released all of her energy. I collapsed on top of her. She held me close and lay my head on those beautiful breasts of hers. We were both out of breath. Vanessa's heart was beating quickly and it hearing the purr of her heart calmed me down. She kissed me on the top of my head. She said, "Did you like it?"

I responded, out of breath, "You knew exactly what you were talking about. I never knew it could feel that good."

She giggled and said, "I told you. Do you want to be my boyfriend?"

How could I say no? After all of that fucking, I would have to be nuts to say no. I gave her breasts a good squeeze and a kiss on the nipples to signal my "yes" response. She laughed. Then she said, "Good, because today is Friday and we have the whole weekend to learn from each other. Now get some sleep, you are going to have a busy day ahead of you tomorrow."

I didn't know what she meant by that, but it sounded exciting. Just wait until you hear about it.

to be continued............