 Thanks to my editor 'larryinseattle' whose input only makes these stories better. 

***** 

As I sat down on the far end of the futon, I memorized every inch of Jessie's gorgeous body. Jessica Ann Wittman was the daughter of the richest and most prominent man in the area around my grandparent's cabin. She and I had met when she was 18 and I was 16. I had also met Jack, her self-proclaimed boyfriend at the same time. Our first meeting ended with me being knocked unconscious and left on the beach. 

Jessie had other ideas though and arranged for us to meet again. We became quick friends, secretly spending long hours together avoiding Jack and her father. We'd spent most of our time together swimming, talking and later on, kissing. That had been two years ago and a lot had changed since then, the most tragic being the accident that had left her father in a coma and Jack in charge of everything her family owned. Yet something good ... no ... fantastic had happened as well. Last night Jessie and I had become lovers for the first time. 

Now, stretched out on the futon in my grandparent's cabin, her golden-brown hair encircled her head almost like a halo and, though closed, I knew her eyes were a deep shade of blue that sparkled when she was happy or excited. Her breasts were full and shaped like halves of a large, ripe melon. Her nipples reminded me of over-sized pencil erasers. Her areola were several shades darker than her nipples and only slightly lighter that the tan that was most of the rest of her body. (I had once asked her how she got such a tan and she had admitted that she spent several hours a week at the local tanning salon.) Her waist was narrow and flared out to her hips. Her legs were long and toned from all the time she spent outside and at the junction between them was a trimmed patch of curly brown hair that was now matted from our combined juices. 

Just looking at her caused my cock to harden slightly but I knew that would be all that would happen, at least for now. Our love-making had started tender and loving but had become more and more passionate before we were done. She had cum five ... no ... six times and I had somehow cum twice, both of them deep in her pussy. We had spoken of love and desire, dreams of being together forever, and raising a family. Yet, as I lay down behind her all I wanted to do was sleep with her in my arms. 

When I woke up, the fire in the fireplace had burned down to dull, red embers casting a soft glow throughout the room. Jessie was still snuggled tightly against me like a set of spoons. My right arm was under her head and the other was over the top of her, cupping her nearest breast. What surprised me was that my cock was rock hard again and was nestled between her legs, brushing against the opening to pussy. 

I tried to pull away without disturbing her but was even more surprised when I heard her murmur, "Don't. I like the way this feels," as she cupped my left hand against her tit and squeezed while slowly moving her hips back and forth across my cock. "I've dreamed of this all my life. Waking up in the arms of my lover, his hands holding me and his cock pressed against me. It's so ... romantic, I guess is the best word." 

"I guess I won't move then," I said as I placed a delicate kiss on her shoulder. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm." 

"And how about this?" I asked as I kissed just beneath her ear. 

A shudder ran up and down her back and I felt her press her ass against me as she tightened her legs, trapping my cock in place. "I like that, too." 

Shifting my position, I took her earlobe between my lips and teasingly sucked on it before gently biting it. 

"Ohhhhhh, what are you doing to me?" 

"What do you think?" 

"I think you're trying to get me turned on so you can fuck me again." 

"Am I?" I asked, knowing the question had a double meaning. 

She answered as she squeezed my hand tighter over her breast, "Yes and Yes," before she turned her head towards me. I had never seen such a look of absolute joy in a person's face as she reached between her legs and teased the tip of my cock with her fingernails. "The only problem is that you wore me out," she pouted. 

I tried to hide my disappointment as I lay back down and sighed, "In that case, we'll just have to wait and see how you're feel later." 

Laughing, softly, she replied, "That's not what I said. I said you wore me out not that I didn't want to make love to you again," she finished as she shifted her position and pressed the head of my cock against the opening of her pussy. "You see, I've done some reading, too." 

"Oh?" I said, trying to sound nonchalant as I felt the outer lips of her pussy wrap around the tip of my cock. "I thought you said you were 'a good girl'." 

"Oh, I am ... BUT ... when I'm 'bad' I'm even better. Don't you agree?" she giggled as she ground her ass against me. 

"Oh, yeah," I stammered. 

"Do you remember my friend Sarah?" she continued. 

"Yeah." 

"Well, being from such a small town it's not hard for the most popular girl to be friends with the town's biggest slut and if she also happens to have the biggest collection of sex books around, it's even better." 

"Ahhhhhh," I replied, unsure of what else to say while my mind whirled about imagining what was in those 'sex books'. 

"One of those books had a chapter about something they called 'Exquisite Torture'." 

"Exquisite wha ...?" 

"It's ... well ... It's probably easier to explain it as we go along," she said as she pushed back slipping the tip of my cock inside her warm, wet tunnel. "Now push your cock in me slowly and I mean REAL slow. The object in the beginning is to feel everything. Concentrate of how my pussy feels wrapped around you. Do you feel how tight and wet it is? At the same time I'll be concentrating on how your cock feels as it goes into me. Mmmmmmm ... I can feel it stretching me already. That's why we need to do it slow. You also need to know that if either of us wants to stop, all you need to do is say so. According to the book we can stop because something hurts OR ... more likely something feels so good you want to prolong the feeling. Ok?" 

I moved my left hand down and gripped her hip as I pushed into her. Almost immediately, I understood what she had been talking about. Her pussy was tight and wet yet there was more, it felt like a velvet-lined glove or vice clamping and unclamping along the entire length of my cock. I could feel the muscles of her pussy relax as they stretched while at the same time they sucked at me, trying to pull me in deeper, her juices coating my cock and adding to the warmth. Several times we stopped, savoring the sensations coursing through us. I have no idea how long it took before I felt the head of my cock press against the back of her pussy. 

"Mmmmmmmmmm," she murmured. "Sooooo nice. That was the 'Exquisite' part but now comes the 'Torture' part," she sighed. "From this point on, you have to keep your cock completely buried in me. We can touch each other any place we want but we can't 'fuck'.' Do you understand?" 

"I think so," I replied though I really didn't. 

Fortunately, she understood what I was and wasn't saying. "Ok. This ...," she said as she cupped her breast with my left hand, "is allowed and so is this," she continued as she moved my hand from her hip and placed it against her clit. "But this," she finished as she shifted her hips pulling my cock partially from her clinging depths before driving back against me, "isn't." 

I felt a layer of sweat form on my forehead as I wondered if she had any idea just how close to cumming her demonstration had pushed me. Instinctively, I knew I had to do something to take my mind off the sensations that were rippling up from my groin so I gently pushed her away as I resettled behind her. The soft, smooth skin of her back was now exposed to me as I started on her shoulders and massaged my way downwards. 

I could tell by the soft purring sound coming from her as well as the subtle movements that she was enjoying every moment of what I was doing. Using my right hand, which was still under her head, I reached down and caressed her breast, teasing it with just the fingertips as I explored every inch and contour. I could hear her breathing becoming more irregular as I moved closer to her nipple, brushing across the raised bumps surrounding her areola before swooping down the opposite slope and gently tickling the flesh of her cleavage. 

"Mmmmmmmm, you are a tease," she whispered. 

"Are you complaining?" I asked as my left hand I passed over the rounded form of her hips and slid down between her legs. Her inner thighs were wet and warm from the juices that were escaping from around my cock. For the briefest of moments, I thought about strumming across her clit but realized that this would end our 'torture' far too soon, instead I cradled her leg and lifted it over my thigh. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhh. This feels so weird. Inside, I feel like I'm about to boil over and explode but outside I feel like a cool, wet cloth was just dropped on my pussy," she whispered. 

I knew exactly what she was talking about. 

My hand seemed to have a mind of its own as it traveled down her leg as far as I could reach before gliding up over her rounded buttocks to her back and shoulders before gliding down her arm. I paid special attention to her hand which seemed to trigger something as she wrapped her fingers in mine and began to slowly grind her ass back against me. Over and over, my hands explored her body, moving this way and that to make sure every inch was touched, teased, and explored. At the same time, my lips were paying special attention to her neck, earlobes, and shoulders. 

Shifting my hand under hers, I traced the outline of her left breast which caused a gentle groan to escape from her pursed lips. 

"Yessssss," she hissed. 

I took a breast in each hand. I gently massaged them, using just the tip of my index finger to trace around and around the magnificent globes, drawing closer and closer to her hardened nipples. Her body quivered against me as her pussy muscles rippled over my cock like waves gliding over the shore. Relying solely on instinct and what I had read, I took a nipple between the index finger and thumb of each hand and teased them while I rolled them and squeezed them and occasionally pulling them before releasing them to snap back against her chest. 

Again I felt the muscles of her pussy tighten and roll up and down the length of my cock. The word "Torture" was echoing through my mind as I used every ounce of willpower not to give into the "Exquisite" sensations. 

"Ohmigod ... so goood. So fucking good. More ... more ... feels like every nerve in my body is on fire. Ohhhhhhhhhh," she muttered. 

I released my grip on her left breast and worked my way over her stomach and towards the junction between her legs. I could tell by the way she was rubbing herself against me that she was as turned on as I was. More than once, I noticed her biting down on her knuckle as the fire within her grew. 

Glancing over her shoulder, I was amazed to see our reflections in the glass door of the book cabinet. Even as distorted as the image was, it triggered some hidden voyeuristic desire in me. I could see my hand squeezing and pinching one nipple and was surprised to see she was now doing the same to the other one. 

"I love the feel of your hands touching me. It tingles like little electric shocks, but what I REALLY like is when you play with my tits," she sighed seductively as I watched her pull and squeeze the tit I had just released. "It's like an electrical cable is attached from my nipples directly to my pussy. Ohhhhhhh ... so fucking good. Play with my tit, lover. Squeeze it, pinch it, pull on it, do whatever you want ... just don't stop." 

I felt the muscles of her pussy ripple up and down the length of my cock again and had to bite down on my lower lips to keep from giving in to the desire to pound my cock in and out of her. It was then that I noticed her hand slide from her tit and glide across her stomach. I could feel the muscles vibrating as she moved lower until she stopped and delicately inserted her little finger into her bellybutton. The light reflecting off of her red fingernail polish made it look like she had a small red jewel there and I felt my cock quiver inside of her. 

"More. Need more ... I never imagined it would feel like this. I can't wait. I need to feel you fucking me. Slide your cock in and out. Do me. Fuck me. Fill my pussy like you did before," she moaned as she began to flex and release her inner muscles while she slid back and forth slowly fucking herself on my cock. "Ohhhhhhhh, your cock feels so good. Like a piece of hot iron buried in me." 

I felt like a volcano about to erupt as I slid my hand down across her stomach and through the delicate patch of hair above her slit. "Together," I sighed as I dropped my fingers lower and strummed across her clit while pulling her against me, forcing my cock into her depths. Unable to hold back any longer, we began to thrust against each other while pulling away until just the tip of my cock was being held between her outer lips before driving back together. The tip of my cock slammed against the wall of her cervix and for a second I wondered if it was possible to push myself all the way into her womb. 

"Oh fuck ... fuck ... fuck. Mmmmmmmm ... ohhhhhhh ... yeah ... yeah ... yeah ... like that. So fucking good. Do it. Fuck me. Fuck me hard. Fill me with your cock. Ohmigod ... ohmigod ... going to cum soon. I can feel the head of your cock pushing against me, the veins on your cock pulsating, everything ... ohhhhhhhhh. Never thought it could be like this." Then, reaching around behind me, she grabbed my ass and pulled. "Harder ... don't stop. Fuck me. Ohhhhhhhh ... I feel like such a slut ... and I love it. Your girl, your lover, your slut ... fuck me." 

Pulling my hand from her clit, I grabbed her hip as I thrust forward. "Like this? Is this what you want?" I growled as I withdrew and then slammed forward. The sound of our flesh slapping against each other, filling the room. 

"Yessssss ... ohhhhhhhh ... fill me ... pound my pussy, lover. Aaarrgghhh ... don't ever stop ... harder ... deeper ... yours ... all yours. Muuuumfffff ... muuuummmfff ... yeah ... yeah ... yeah ... like that ... ohmigod ... ohmigod ... not much longer ... do it ... your cock feels so good in me ... fuck me ... Make me yours ... fill my pussy with your cum again. So close ... so fucking close ...," she groaned. 

Then, to my surprise, I watched as she reached between her legs and cupped her pussy while placing a finger on the outside of each of her pussy lips and squeezed them together. The sensation was more than I could take. I felt my cum churning in my balls and rocketing up the length of my cock and into her waiting pussy. "CUMMIINNGGGGGGG," I roared as the first hot blast of my juices shot from my cock and splattered against the wall of her quivering pussy. 

Her body shook and quivered against mine. I could feel her pussy clamp down on my cock and milk every drop of cum from my balls. When I looked at our reflection, I saw her eyes were shut but her mouth was open as if she were trying to scream yet all that came out was a low, continuous groan. Then suddenly, I felt a wave of wetness as her pussy juices exploded from her, covering her thighs and my cock. I had read that some women were able to 'squirt' when they were extremely turned on but had never imagined that Jessie was one of them. 

Time stood still as we were swept off into the fluffy, gray world of mutual orgasm. We clung to each other, our skin touching at every point possible. Our bodies shook and quivered. What she felt, I felt and what I felt, she felt. It was as if we had somehow become one being ... one mind, one body. And all the time, I felt her pussy squeeze and release my cock as strand after strand surged from the tip until I was drained. 

Afterward, we collapsed in each other's arms. We didn't say a thing ... we didn't need to. 

I have no idea how long I slept but when I woke up the sun was just beginning to shine through the windows and the spot next to me was empty. Startled, I sat up and heard a soft yelp from a chair next to me. Prying my eyes open I was rewarded by the vision of Jessie sitting there, a blanket wrapped over her shoulders and the sun filtering through her hair. 

"Morning, lover." 

"Good morning, beautiful," I muttered. "How long have you been sitting there?" 

"Just a little while." 

"Is everything OK?" I asked as I saw the look on her face. 

"Definitely," she purred. "Last night was probably the best night of my life. I was just thinking about us and my family." 

"Glad to hear that," I replied. 

"Now don't let your head get all swollen," she teased. "At least not the one between your shoulders." 

Looking down, I was only slightly surprised to see the covers tented from a morning hard-on. "Yeah, what can I say, I'm a man. Add to that the sight of you sitting there and I'd have to be dead not to have this happen." 

The smile on her faced beamed almost as brightly as the sun as she stood up letting the blanket fall off of her shoulders too pool at her feet. "I don't know about you but I'm starved. What should we make for breakfast?" 

"I know what I'd like to eat," I said as I looked at her nude body. 

"Don't you ever get enough?" she asked, jokingly. 

"And what would you say if I said I didn't want more?" 

Leaning over, she kissed me gently on the lips and replied. "I'd say you were a liar and love you all the more for it. Now get up so we can get something to eat." 

I had no idea the events of the night before had taken so much out of me until I stood up and the room seemed to spin. Grabbing the back of the chair, I stood there a few moments until everything leveled out and then I followed her into the kitchen. 

"Now you take a seat and I'll see what you've got to eat," she said as she looked at my semi-hard cock dangling between my legs. The tip of her tongue slid across her lips, seductively, and my cock jumped. 

Within minutes, I was treated to every man's fantasy as I watched her glide around the kitchen, dressed in nothing but a kitchen apron. Bacon, eggs, toast, and a cup of hot tea seemed to miraculously appear before me. For the next half-hour we sat there talking and joking just like we'd done so often on those late night swims. Yet, at the very same time I could see she was becoming more and more restless. 

"Are you OK?" I asked. 

"Yeah, it's just ... well ... seeing you sitting there like that," she said as she looked down at my still half-hard cock, "has got me turned on." 

"Oh really?" I joked. 

Not to be outdone, she stood and spread her legs. "Yeah, really." 

The scent of her arousal immediately filled my nostrils. "Mmmmmmm,I guess you're right." 

Sliding a finger between her swollen nether lips, she brought it to my lips. The tangy taste of her womanly fluids surged across my taste buds. "You GUESS I'm right?" 

Standing, I took her in my arms and pulled her close. Our lips met and we shared the flavor of her arousal. "I think I know exactly what to do to take care of your problem," I whispered. 

"I like the sound of that but I there's something I want to do first," she said as she took me by the hand and led me back to the futon. When we got there, she spun me around and pushed me backwards so I landed with a resounding "thump". 

In a heartbeat, she was kneeling between my spread legs. When she leaned forward and lightly licked the head of my cock. It was like someone had hooked me up to an electrical generator and thrown the switch as a tingling sensation coursed through my body. She licked up and down the length several times, almost as if she were licking an ice cream cone before she opened her mouth and took the glistening head into it. Slowly, her lips moved down the shaft. I felt like I was going to explode. She swallowed half the length and then began to withdraw even more slowly, dragging her teeth across the hypersensitive skin, back to the tip, then down again. Bit by bit, she took more and more of my cock into her mouth until I felt her nose drift across my pubic hair. 
