 (Once again my editor 'larryinseattle' tok a good story and made it great. Thanks)

*

I was devastated as I drove out of town. For a few brief hours I had held the woman of my dreams in my arms as a lover. We touched and kissed and made love in ways I had never imagined. We talked of our love for each other and made plans for our future; yet I was leaving alone.

When I saw her walking down the sidewalk with her self-proclaimed boyfriend, Jack, I had slowed the car down trying to figure out what had gone wrong. Her left eye was swollen and the bruise underneath was barely hidden by her make-up. The word "NO" formed on her lips before she looked back down at the pavement in front of her. This while Jack glared at me, daring me to get out of my car. He had beaten me up years before and I knew he could, and would, do it again.

When I got home, I dove into my studies and finished my Senior year in the top 10% of the class as I tried to forget Jessie. Afterwards, I struggled with what to do with my life, so much of it had included Jess, until, on the spur of the moment, I joined the US Coast Guard.

For the next 16 years I was stationed at bases scattered across the US, never returning to my grandparent's cabin. Then, just after I reenlisted for my final tour, I got a call from home saying that my grandmother had died. My grandfather had died years before.

I requested bereavement leave and returned home for her funeral. When her 'Will' was read several days later, I was surprised to find that she had left the cabin and surrounding property to me.

"Why?" I asked my mother, who simply looked at my father as I waited for an answer.

"Your grandpa and grandma loved that cabin and the land up-north. They also knew that you loved it before ... well ... you know," he finally answered. "Maybe they hoped you'd want it as a place to go after you retire from the Coast Guard."

Looking back and forth between them, I knew he was right and that I needed to take a trip back up the property. The next morning I threw my bags into my SUV and headed for the cabin. What I found wasn't anything like what I expected.

The once quiet, quaint town was now advertised as "The Vacation Spot of the North". The General Store was gone and in its place stood a huge grocery store. Jessie's father's auto dealership had been replaced by one almost four times bigger. Everywhere I looked things had changed.

When I drove out of town I followed the roads that I had known so well as a kid and was instantly rewarded by the sight of the forests that I had loved. The scent of pine soon filled the inside of the SUV as the deep green of the trees and underbrush quieted my nerves. Occasionally, I saw someone outside cutting their grass or heard the distant sound of a chainsaw which seemed to calm me even more until I pulled into my grandparent's driveway.

The cabin looked exactly as I remembered it. The logs were a deep brownish-red and the front door was made of solid oak that had been harvested from the land. A bay-window allowed those inside to see anyone entering the property and a huge rock fireplace covered the whole wall on the right side. A wrap-around porch added to it and was only made more beautiful by the flower boxes that hung from the railings, where my grandmother had grown wild flowers and some herbs for cooking.

When I entered, it felt like I had stepped back in time. The scent of my grandfather's occasional pipe was mixed with the aroma of my grandmother's cooking. The checkered tablecloth was over the kitchen table with its four wooden chairs surrounding it. Cast iron pots and pans hung from the wall hooks behind the stove. Without opening them, I knew what was inside each and every cabinet and drawer.

When I looked into the living room, I saw my grandfather's recliner and my grandmother's rocking chair. An old tube-style radio and record player stood between them and against the far wall there was the futon. As if drawn by a magnet, I found myself standing in front of it, images of Jessie laying there as she had been that night so long ago. Hesitantly, I reached out but withdrew without touching it. The memories were still too painful.

After checking the rest of the cabin, I got my bags from the SUV and threw them into my old room. I wasn't ready to move into the Master Bedroom where my grandparents had spent so many happy years.

A soft, gentle fog rolled in under the trees as I made dinner and the sound of nighthawks swooping down through the branches filled the evening air. When I was done, I sat on the porch and listened to the sounds of the night.

In the distance, I could hear the faint sounds of music coming from the only bar in the area. The idea of a cold beer seemed like the perfect way to end the day so I hopped into the SUV and headed out.

As I pulled in, I immediately noticed that this place, like the town, had changed. Gone was the quaint 'Sportsman's Bar' and in its place stood 'Mr. T's Exotic Bar and Lounge'. Sighing, I thought of going back to the cabin but decided "What the fuck?" as I climbed out and went inside.

The place was like dozens of other strip joints I'd been to over the years. The bar stretched across the whole of the rear wall and off to one side was a small stage with the usual 'stripper pole'. I ordered a beer and took a seat against a wall, not expecting to stay long. The woman on the stage had short brown hair, big tits, long legs and an expression on her face that said she wanted to be anywhere, doing anything but what she was doing at that moment. When she was finished, she walked around the bar talking and teasing the other men as she collected her tips. Several of the guys grabbed at her and she gave the standard giggle before moving on. As she approached the table I was sitting at, I finished my beer and began to get up to leave, only to stop when she called out.

"Hey, I know you. You're the guy who used to come up here and stay at his grandparent's place."

I stopped and looked at her more closely. It had been years but slowly I began to see Sarah, Jessie's friend. "Yeah, that's me."

"Long time," she continued as she wrapped her arms around me and gave me a hug. Her body was firm and her breasts barely flattened as she pressed against me. "Don't tell me you're leaving already," she said teasingly.

"I just came in for a beer," I muttered as I stepped from her grasp.

"Nahhhh, you can't do that. Not now. An old friend of yours is about to start."

I looked at her quizzically as I sat back down. The lights suddenly dimmed except for a spotlight targeted at the center of the stage as the bartender pulled out a microphone from behind the bar. "And now gentlemen, you favorite hometown girl 'J'," he shouted. The glittering lights of a 'Disco Ball' filled the bar as the new dancer took the stage.

The dancer was a tall, statuesque blonde. Her hair was long with curled ends that cascaded down over her breasts which were barely hidden by the sheer red lace gown she was wearing. Her breasts were large with only the slightest bit of sag. Her areolas were darker than the flesh surrounding them and even at this distance, I could tell her nipples were hard from the way they pushed on the material. I didn't even realize I was staring at them until I heard Sarah whisper, "They're 34DD, not like these," she continued as she cupped her breasts and lifted them for my inspection. "Mine are only 34C," she pouted.

Instinctively, I looked down, grunted "They're not bad," and returned to looking at the woman on stage. A slow, seductive tune had started and she strutted across the stage, swinging and swaying to the beat. Her long, toned legs appeared and disappeared in the slit of the gown, teasing those who were watching. The black heels she wore really added to the allure. Then in one surprising motion, she grabbed the 'stripper pole' with one arm and leg and began spinning around and around until her gown suddenly fluttered onto the table of a group of men sitting closer to the stage.

"Tat's it, baby. Show dees dumb-fucks wat dere mishing," a slurred voice yelled from the end of the bar.

The dancer ignored the man as she moved to the front of the stage, swaying her hips as she cupped her breasts. I watched her kneel at the edge of the stage, her legs spread to reveal a g-string with a decorative lock on the front of it. Then she leaned further forward, pinching and pulling on her nipples, teasing the audience, as her tongue ran sensuously across her lips. For a moment she reminded me of the porn star Julia Ann.

"She looks different from the last time you saw her, doesn't she?" Sarah purred, as she lay a hand on the growing bulge in the front of my pants.

"Last time ...?" I started to ask as I looked over at her. The look on her face told me everything I needed to know and my head snapped back to look at the dancer. As if by fate our eyes met. They were a brilliant blue. I couldn't believe I hadn't recognized her sooner. "Jessie?" I muttered.

I could tell that she had recognized me, too, as she stumbled and almost fell while moving away from the front of the stage. Then suddenly, I heard the drunk from the back of the bar yelling again.

"Okay, you guys. 'Nuff of da free-be's. Down ta business. Ash yo kin she my w'ore of a wife is wearin' 'er 'fuck me' pannies tonight. Dat means she goes to the highest bidder along wif da key," he continued as he dangled a key above his head for everyone to see, "to 'er pannies. She's all yours for da nite to do wha ever you wan wif her. Who's gonna start the bid ...?" he finished as his eyes traveled across those in the room.

Still looking at the stage, I saw Jessie's face turn deep-red in anger and then pale as Jack continued with his 'sales' pitch. I didn't even realize Jack was beside me until I felt his hand on my shoulder.

"How 'bout you, buddy? You wanna take my wife home and fuck 'er? She's the bes' slut aroun'. Hell, she's even bedder than this bitch," he continued, pointing at Sarah.

Rage surged through me as I realize what Jessie had become and even more at why it had happened. "Enough is enough, Jack," I snarled. "You're drunk."

"Who the fuck you thin' yo're talkin' too, ashole? Da' slut up der' is mine an' I can do anythin' I wan' wif her," he slurred.

Standing, I looked eye-to-eye with the bully who had once knocked me out. "I said go back and sit down."

Staggering backwards, he suddenly recognized me. "Well, if it isn' da 'Summer Brat'? Wat's a madder? Ain't da whore's cunt good 'nuff for you'se?"

"I've asked you twice to shut up and sit back down. You're not going to like it if I have to ask again," I growled.

"I god bishness ta do," he replied. "Dat bitch's cunt is da only way we god ta make any money since her family cheaded me out of what was mine," he said, almost as if he were about to cry.

"Whatever," I said as I reached into my pocket and pulled out a roll of bills. "Here's $250. Now get the fuck out of my sight."

He stared at the wad of bills and then quickly grabbed them. "Come on, bitch," he yelled as he looked at Jessie, who was still standing on the stage.

I stepped in front of him as I clenched my fists. "She's not going anywhere. Now get out of here."

His eyes darted back and forth between Jessie and me before he turned and staggered out of the bar. A few moments later, the sound of tires spinning in the gravel parking lot filled the room and then was gone.

Nobody said a word as I offered Jessie my hand to help her down from the stage. "Let's go," was all I said as I wrapped my jacket over her shoulders and headed for the door.

Jessie followed behind me without saying anything. Then just as my hand touched the door, Sarah stepped up beside me, "You might need this," she said in a mischievous tone as she handed me the key that Jack had left on the table.

"My father once told me that if you have to pay for it, it's not worth it but thanks anyway," was all I said as we left and got into my SUV. The ride back to the cabin was silent and tension-filled. When we got there, I went inside without saying a word. Jessie followed a few moments later.

She removed my jacket and draped it over the back of a kitchen chair before asking, "So where do you want me?"

This was not the Jessie I knew. There was someone else in her body, someone cold and distant. "What are you talking about?"

"You bought me ... so that means I'm yours for the night. Just tell me what you want and where you want to do it."

I shook my head in disbelief as I looked at her. "I didn't 'BUY YOU'. I bought you some time away from Jack."

Instantly, tears formed in her eyes as she rushed towards me and threw her arms around my neck. "God, I've missed you," she cried.

I wrapped my arms around her too and pulled her close, holding her as her tears soaked through my shirt. "I'm sorry, Jess," was all I was able to get out before her lips met mine.

The world around us seemed to melt away and carry us back to the first time we had been together in this very place. Her lips were soft and full with just the slightest hint of cherry from her lip gloss mixed with a saltiness from her tears. At that moment, nothing else mattered. Not the years we'd missed together. Not Jack. Not the smell of cigarette smoke and stale beer that seemed to cling to her hair. Not the way I'd met her again or even what she'd had to do to make a living. None of it mattered. I was holding my first love in my arms again and that was all that mattered.

Our kiss was filled with longing and emotion but was soon overshadowed with passion and desire. That was when she pulled away. "Not like this; not here. Can I ask you for a favor?"

"Sure."

"Can I take a shower?"

I stepped back and pointed down the hallway, "No problem. Do you remember where the bathroom is?"

"More than you realize," she said softly before looking up and joking, "Second star from the right and straight on 'til morning," quoting one of our favorite things to say when we had talked about a future together. When she walked down the hallway I couldn't help but watch the sensual sway of her hips which were accentuated by the 'click, click, click' of her high-heels.

Twenty minutes later, she returned a new person. A mature version of the girl I had fallen in love with. The make-up was gone and her hair was wrapped in a towel. Her costume was gone and she was wearing one of my Coast Guard sweatshirts and a pair of running shorts.

"I hope you don't mind. This is all I could find laying around in the bathroom and I wasn't sure if you wanted me walking around in just this," she teased as she dangled the pair of panties by her finger.

As I looked at her a smile formed on my face. "They look a lot better on you than they would look on me."

"You're probably right," she giggled as she looked closer at the panties, "... besides I don't think they'd fit you."

Together we laughed and the last of the tension between us evaporated.

"Do you have anything to drink?" she asked.

"Yeah, I think my grandpa kept a bottle of brandy around here somewhere."

"Actually, I was hoping for a cup of your grandma's favorite tea."

Without thinking about how she'd known about my grandmother's special brew, I headed into the kitchen with her following right behind me. No matter how hard I searched I couldn't find any until she suddenly said, "She has it hidden in the back of the bread box."

I opened the bread box and sure enough there the jar was. "How did you ...?"

As she took a seat at the kitchen table, she looked at me, a serious look in her eyes. "There's a lot you and I need to talk about."

After heating the water, I poured it into my grandmother's teapot before adding the black tea and mixture of orange and lemon zest just as she'd taught me. Then I sat down across from Jess.

"Okay, tell me."

She hesitated. "Where to start ..."

"The best place to start is usually at the beginning."

Closing her eyes, I could almost see her traveling back in time. "It all started right here. After you fell asleep that night, I began to think about my dad and what Jack would do to him if I left. I just couldn't do that no matter how much I loved you. Jack caught me when I was trying to sneak back into the house and 'persuaded' me to stay."

The image of her walking down the street, her left eye swollen and bruised, flashed before my eyes followed by a wave of anger, frustration, and guilt. "I'm sorry ...," I started to say only to have her cut me off.

"Let me finish. Anyway, when I saw you drive away that day I felt empty ... like nothing was left for me. From then on, I did whatever Jack said, whenever he said. Then four months later everything started to change. First my dad started to get better. After all those months in a coma he opened his eyes and started moving his arms. As soon as he was able to write, he rescinded the paperwork Jack had used to gain control of the businesses and turned them over to my brothers and sister."

"Unfortunately, it was a month too late for me. By that time I had already found out that I was pregnant and Jack and I had gotten married. I tried to slip away a couple of times to get a divorce but each time he found me and 'persuaded' me to come back. By the time my son, Jacob, was born things were really bad. Jack couldn't get any work, you know how the word spreads in a small town, and the bills were piling up. I got a couple of odd jobs but Jack refused to let me work for the family because he said they stole everything from him. Finally, I got a job as a cocktail waitress in a town about 30 miles away. The money wasn't too bad but during the 'Hunting Season' the owner brought in strippers to draw a bigger crowd. Jack talked to someone one night and the next thing I knew I was up on stage. As weird as it sounds, I liked it. I liked the way the men whistled and called out to me. It made me feel special at least for a few moments."

"That went on until Jacob got hurt when he was six. They rushed him to the hospital and said he needed blood immediately. When they checked Jack they said he wasn't a match and couldn't be of any help. He went ballistic and the cops had to be called to remove him from the hospital. I stayed at Jacob's bedside, night and day, until he was stable. Then I made the mistake of going back to the apartment we were living in. I barely remember anything except that we had a fight. Jack was calling me a slut and a whore. When I woke up, I was in the same hospital as my son. Apparently that owner had heard us fighting and called the cops," she paused as she took a long breath to clear the memories before she began again.

"When I was discharged three days later, I realized I was stuck. There was nowhere I could go and no one I could get help from."

"What about your family?"

"They knew about my new 'career' and had pulled away from us. You know, reputation and all. That left me with Jack especially since he'd never give up custody of Jacob. The only bright spot I thought was that I could make his life as much of a living hell as he'd made mine. That's when I got these," she indicated as she pointed out the tattoos I just barely noticed.

The first one was a small broken heart located on her left breast, "This one is because of all the pain and heartache he caused me." The second she pointed out was a ball-and-chain wrapped around her ankle, "I think this one pretty much explains itself, and this one," she continued as she stood and pulled down the track shorts until they were just above her womanly treasure revealing a small lock, "was my way of telling him he'd NEVER touch that part of me again."

As if exhausted, she pulled up the shorts and sat down. "A couple of months later the bills for Jacob started rolling in. Jack refused to pay for any saying that Jacob wasn't his son, so I started ... ummmmmm ... doing extra work with some of the guys at the bar to get the money. Jack ultimately found out about it but instead of getting mad he decided to do what he did tonight and 'auction' me off to the highest bidder on the nights I worked."
