 Of course she had to go and tease me with a good look at her body when she stepped out of the shower. I felt that knowing grin come to my face as I lay back on her couch with my tie loosened, sipping the Diet Coke she'd handed me just after she'd returned from volleyball practice to let me into her tiny but immaculate apartment. 

Not that I had any objection to being teased. It was about a month into our affair, and my habitual post-shower guilt about being fully clothed while she was naked was finally gone. The luscious dark curls on her head were just starting to appear as her hair dried, and she was busy with the wadded-up towel patting her big bush dry. "Well, there's one advantage to being natural," I said. "It's a great excuse to spend more time washing and drying down there, huh?"

"Isn't it, though?" she said, pulling the towel away so I could admire her freshly-dried triangle. "All the girls on the volleyball team who used to give me funny looks in the shower, if only they knew what they were missing when they're bald as coots!"

"I can see why you stopped showering with them," I said. "They just don't appreciate what you ladies obviously did back in the seventies."

"Bite your tongue!" She snapped her towel at me. "It was the nineties when I was their age, and you know it!" 

"Yeah, I know," I confessed, setting the can down and standing up to approach her. "It's just, in my imagination, it's the seventies - free love, long hair, outrageous outfits, and we're about the same age for a change."

"What's wrong with right now?" she replied, dropping her towel on the floor and pressing her beautiful body against mine in a tight hug. "You're eighteen now, aren't you? You're getting a hell of an education from an older woman, and I'm getting a lovely specimen who hasn't been spoiled by girls his own age!"

"And who appreciates natural women," I said, reaching into her thick bush to tickle her vulva just the way she liked so much. In the month since her wonderful present for my eighteenth birthday, I certainly had learned a lot. But then, I'd always known she was a great teacher. 

She wiggled and laughed as usual, and grabbed onto my shoulder for balance. "God, are you sure you were a virgin before I got my hands on you? You've always been so good at that!"

"I spent plenty of time practicing in my imagination," I said. "Especially on you."

"Oh, come on!" Then she stopped to gasp in pleasure as I leaned over and took her left nipple gently in my mouth. After an appreciative moan, she went on. "You didn't really, did you? Little old me?"

"With that big fluffy hairdo, I was certain you had a big beautiful bush," I explained between gentle licks on her now-hard nipple. "And I was right."

"Oh, Josh..." I'd heard it nearly every day for the past four weeks, but somehow I was sure I would never get tired of hearing her say my name in that tone. 

"Oh, Ms. Goldberg..."

"Silly boy, you don't have to call me that when you have your fingers inside me!"

"But I don't, quite."

"That was a hint, Josh."

"Yes, Ms...I mean Julie." I didn't think I would ever get used to using her first name.

She gently pulled my head away so she could pull my tie the rest of the way off and get to work on my shirt. As she did, I followed her directions and, gently as always, reached my middle finger as far inside as I could reach. Which wasn't very far from that angle, but far enough for me to feel the wonderful soft wetness and far enough to send her into the throes of feminine ecstasy once again. "Oh, ohmigod!" She leaned her head back against the bedroom door and closed her eyes as I slid a second finger in, to her even louder delight. In the past I had sometimes gone too fast or slow or too hard or soft, but I had the pace and pressure just about perfect by then and she came before she'd even finished unbuttoning my shirt. "So unfair," she whispered breathily as she finally, triumphantly pushed my shirt off my shoulders. 

"What is?"

"Me having all the fun here, and poor little you still hiding in your clothes."

"I know you'll fix that."

She did, as usual, and moments later she once again had my cock in her hand and me reduced to a helpless ball of arousal just as I had just done to her. "Just try to tell me a girl your own age could do this as well as I could," she cooed. "Half of them would probably be afraid to even look at it."

"I'd be too shy to ask them anyway," I said.

"What's to be shy about, Josh? You have a lovely body, especially this." She squeezed a bit harder and I felt like exploding with desire. 

"God, Ms...Julie, I love how safe I feel naked with you."

"Oh, Josh!" She let go of my dick and took me in her arms again. "You are so endearing! Never lose your ability to say a thing like that, promise me! You owe it to all the women you're going to be with."

Then came the usual patch of gray in our blue sky, as I knew all too well that this was all very fleeting. There had been others like me before, there would be more afterwards, and for all I knew she might even be sleeping with one of my buddies now, at some other time of day. We had agreed that lunch hour was the only safe time, but that had all been on her say-so. But as usual, I didn't care. We had lunch hour for now. 

"I promise," I said, returning her hug, adoring the sensation of her bare skin against mine, once again amazed at how it felt even better than I had always imagined before. Then I couldn't resist asking, "Tell me, though, do you feel safe naked with me?"

"You know perfectly well I do, Josh! Why would you need to ask?"

"Just something I read in a book on sexuality once," and then I quoted the line I had pored over for so long: "'Having a vagina and a uterus makes women feel very vulnerable. '"

"Well, that can certainly be true sometimes," Julie said. "But it can also make us feel wonderfully powerful." Drawing her arms down again to take my still-rigid dick in both her hands, she added, "For example, right now I feel like my vagina could eat you alive!"

"Please do!" I said. With no further fanfare she pointed to her bed, which was made but had no bedspread as it was late spring and growing hotter by the day. Despite that, of course she had shut the windows and drawn the curtains. Neither of us had ever spoken of what would happen if we were ever found out. There was no need to; we both knew all about it. 

She had the pillows stacked around the middle as usual, and I sank back into them, sitting halfway up in the sparse light that filtered in from around the shades. Behind them and three floors down, some of my buddies were probably playing Frisbee or basketball and daydreaming of what I was up to just then. I quickly put that thought out of my mind as I recalled my earlier inkling that Julie might be messing around with some of them too. 

As she appeared at the foot of the bed after shutting the bedroom door, I concluded just as quickly that I didn't care. Wearing nothing but an uninhibited smile, somewhere over 40 (she wouldn't tell me exactly) but far more beautiful than any Playboy centerfold I'd ever snuck a peek at with her natural breasts hanging enticingly down a bit and her hungry vagina cloaked in its deliciously erotic tangle of hair and her toned arms and legs from years of volleyball, she was all I had ever fantasized about back before this began and so very, very much more!

Climbing gently atop me and running her hands lightly up and down my legs so the hair tickled me, she drank in my appreciative gaze at her body. "So you used to fantasize about me, did you?"

"Oh, yes."

"You were a good student. I'm glad you were able to multitask."

"It's because I was lusting after you that I was a good student. I wanted to impress you."

"You succeeded." She bent down then and took me in her mouth, giving me a few quick tantalizing licks that had me writhing all about the mattress in no time. "But did I live up to your imagination?"

"Better than that," I whispered. 

"You get an A for that answer," she cooed, and with that she knelt over me, took my dick in her right hand and guided me effortlessly inside. "So easy this time," she said. "See why more foreplay is a good thing, Josh?"

"Do I ever!" I agreed as she began rocking back and forth. 

Soon she was moaning just as loudly as always, and I had shed enough of my youthful inhibitions to join in a bit more loudly than before, though still not as loudly as she did. "I take it this doesn't make you uncomfortable anymore," she said between heavy breaths. 

"I'm so sorry about that," I said, recalling my too-honest response to seeing her come for the first time, weeks before.

"Don't be sorry!" she said, grazing my chest with her hands now while I returned the favor on her breasts. "Intimacy does take getting used to. I wish more men realized what you did."

"What did I realize?"

"That you needed to get used to a woman's sexuality. You'll be glad you did when you're older, and so will your girlfriends."

I couldn't help laughing, but I also didn't want to respond to that. In that beautiful moment, with her humping up a storm and me gazing up at her body, I didn't want to think of my future girlfriends. I wanted to concentrate on Julie. 

And concentrate I did, as she rode me to two orgasms. "Gonna come," was all she said, both times, and then her wonderful screams made it clear that she had. "God, you're generous," she said after the second time. "Most men would've probably come before I did."

"Sounds like you've been with some real winners," I said.

"Sounds like you don't appreciate how special you are!" On that note, she pushed in harder than before on me, slower but fuller, the way she knew she could get me over the top in no time. My responses got steadily louder and more intense - even I was surprised to hear what was coming out of my mouth. "You're learning so well!" she marveled as she listened. Somewhere along the way she also guided my hands back up to her breasts. "This ought to help!"

It did help. As I stroked them both appreciatively, I came with a quick, sharp yelp and then fell back against the pillows. "I sound my barbaric yawp..." I said almost sleepily as I savored the last sweet sensations. 

"I don't think that's quite what Whitman had in mind," Julie said. 

"Not with a woman anyway," I agreed. 

She laughed. "I hadn't thought of it that way."

There was little time for afterglow, but we did always manage to steal a few minutes of cuddling. Today was no exception, and as usual somehow it was enough. I was feeling utterly content when she sat up. "Okay, time to get dressed." Businesslike as ever, she strode to her dresser and pulled out a pair of floral panties that I never would have imagined her wearing before all this had begun, only now I knew she had dozens of them. These were followed quickly by a plain white bra - "the only option with a uniform blouse, you know," she had told me once - and she stood with her back to me as her usual unspoken directive to fasten it. 

I went ahead and did it. "I'm getting better at this, too, huh?"

"It's not exactly rocket science, Josh, especially when you don't have to reach around your back to do it, like I do." But then she turned and kissed me and let me hold her again for a few moments. 

Then it was to the closet, where she had her usual stash of ironed uniforms at the ready. "I still don't see why they make teachers wear uniforms here, too," I confessed.

"Neither do I," she said, buttoning up the sheer white blouse. "But it makes life easier for us, honestly. One less decision to make when you're half asleep in the morning." She slipped on her hated nylons, and then it was time for her skirt. "I'll never know why you were attracted to me in this dowdy thing," she said, pulling it over her head and down around her hips. As usual, I was fascinated, and she could see it. "Yes, we really do pull them over our heads like a shirt. Is it really such a mystery to you?"

"No. it's a skirt. I've never worn one, so I wouldn't know."

She laughed. "God, you're endearing, Josh." The fact that she thought so gave me some hope that I wasn't just another one in a long string of affairs. But I didn't dare ask. Once she had the skirt in place around her hips, she looked over her shoulder at me and nodded, and I zipped it up and did the clasp as usual. "Thanks," she said. Last but not least she pulled on her blazer, and I set about getting my clothes back on. She straightened my tie and we were off. 

After a look out in the hallway to make sure the coast was clear, she shooed me out with one last peck on the cheek. "Same time tomorrow, Josh," she whispered. 

I was, as usual, left with little time for lunch, but as usual I didn't care. I grabbed a quick sandwich and a glass of juice, and joined Nelson and Mike at their table near the courtyard door. "Late again," Nelson said. 

"So what else is new?" Mike added. "Seriously, Josh, where have you been for most of lunch since...since forever, isn't it?"

"Weeks now since you've been here for more than a few minutes," Nelson agreed. "What's up?"

"Tutoring," I said.

"Giving or getting?" Nelson asked. 

"Getting." I managed to say it without a smirk but it wasn't easy. 

"Calculus, is it?" Mike asked. "That's kicking my ass too."

"Yeah, that's it," I lied. "My dean had some concerns about my keeping myself up through this term. She doesn't want me to get into all my colleges and then not be ready, you know?"

"Who's your dean again?" Nelson asked. "Goldberg, isn't it?"

"Lucky," Mike asked. "We had her for English back in eighth grade, and again this year. So hot, man!"

"No kidding," Nelson said. "She's a housemother in the girls' dorm, too, isn't she? You ever have a chance to go by her place, Josh?"

"Couple of times, yeah," I said. I swallowed the last of my sandwich and stood up. "Speaking of which..."

"Right, we've got her class, like now!" Mike said. We said so long to Nelson, who had physics next period, and set off across the courtyard to the humanities building. 

We were slightly late, and Julie was looking prim and proper at the whiteboard. "Welcome, Jerry and Mike," she said. "Glad you could join us."

"Sorry, Ms. Goldberg," Mike mumbled. 

"Just don't let it happen again," she said, without even the hint of a knowing glint in her eye as she reprimanded both of us. "Now then, yesterday we were discussing Leaves of Grass..."