 A special thanks to LadyNina13 for the light editing. Much appreciated. 

***** 

Chapter 1 

The kitchen was filled with the aroma of fresh brewed coffee. The brewer sputtered and hissed as it finished squirting a stream of dark liquid into his mug. He took it from the tray and walked back to the dining nook where his laptop was set up. Sitting, he took a small sip and winced as he swallowed, then placed it down next to a thick pile of neatly stacked papers. 

The curtains billowed gently as a faint breeze blew in through the open window. It carried the smells of spring into the room, trying to outdo the coffee scent with cool fresh air. It was his favorite time of year, full of new life and energy. 

"Brad? Hon? It's going to be a beautiful day. What do you say we head into town and check out the new exhibit at the museum?" a woman said. 

He looked up from his laptop to see her standing in front of the kitchen island, absently stirring eggs in a fry pan with a spatula in one hand, while holding a magazine open on the countertop with the other. He smiled. 

She wore blue cotton pajama pants with snowflakes of varying sizes printed on them. The matching top fit her slim frame snugly, enough so that the small perfect buds of her nipples poked through. Even across the kitchen their shape against the fabric could not be mistaken. 

He sighed appreciatively. This woman was gorgeous and sexy. He wasn't sure how he had gotten so lucky to land this beauty; but somehow he had. She was his best friend, his confidant, his lover, and the mother of their two kids. Their fifteen years together through so many life adventures had shaped them as individuals and solidified them as a couple. 

"I'd love to Val," he replied. "But I need to grade these papers. School break is the time for me to catch up and I really want to push through all of these before classes pick up again." 

He gestured to the stack of papers and sat back in his chair. 

"I've got about 30 essays here and 20 more waiting in my inbox. Plus I told Steve that I'd evaluate the new course material Kev got from the publisher." 

The toaster popped. She turned off the cook top, put the toast slices on a plate and began to spread butter on them. 

"How long will that take you?" she asked as she slid the eggs onto the plate next to her toast. 

"Well, I should be able to finish these papers today. The electronic ones I think I'll do later in the week. There's only so much I can read on this stuff before my head explodes. The evaluation stuff for Kev, shouldn't take too long. A few hours, maybe, to give it an initial eval. It's all in my office though, so I'll have to head in for that." 

"Oh, no. It's nothing you can bring home?" she asked as she walked over and sat across the table from him. 

"Nah, it'll be easier to do it there," he said, taking a sip of his coffee. "Then I won't have to lug it home and back. I think I'll do that tomorrow night. After that I can dump it all on his desk and be done with it. Don't worry. We'll have plenty of time. Let's plan some day trips." 

She glanced over and said, "We had better have some fun on this break. The kids will be back before we know it." 

"You think they're having a good time?" Brad asked. 

"I talked with Aunt Mindy and Uncle Sam last night. They're taking all the kids to the aquarium tomorrow, and on the fishing boat out of Harwich on Thursday." 

"All the kids?" Brad raised his eyebrows speculatively. "The four of them? I can barely keep up with ours, I can't imagine throwing their two into the mix. They are awesome for offering to take them for a few days." 

"Cousins being cousins, they love to play together. It's great they're reasonably close. You know they're doing this because we'll have to repay the favor at some point," she said, looking at Brad. "I don't know what they're planning, but I'm sure we'll find out soon." 

"Do we have to?" he asked, a pleading expression on his face. 

"Yup!" she smiled. "And Uncle Brad had better be extra fun when they're here." 

Brad's expression slowly turned from an exaggerated hopeful look to a sad dejected frown. 

"Oh stop," she said shaking her head. "You love the attention." 

He sighed and turned back to his papers. 

She got up and put her dirty plate into the sink then returned to the magazine. She scanned the pages, occasionally taking an interest and reading a passage before turning the page. 

"Are you and Steph doing that 5k next weekend?" Brad asked as he absently scanned the paper in front of him. 

"Yup, we're registered and she's got some friends joining the team," she said, not looking up. "She's team captain this year, and has raised over $1200 dollars so far. Way more than me..." she trailed off. 

"It's great you guys are into that," he said. "I get tired just watching you. What is it called that you do? Jogging?" He said the last word as if it were new to him. 

She harrumphed. 

"Hey, I'll be exercising again as soon as the room is set up," he said defensively. 

"I know you will. When are the guys going to finish that little project?" she asked. 

"Mmm," he started and then paused. "Al is down the Cape this week with his girlfriend and his daughter. He promised it should only take a couple more days to finish up. Peter is probably spending time with his new girlfriend. His folks have a place in Maine." 

Her eyebrows raised and she gave a grimace, but said nothing. 

Brad knew that as far as she was concerned they were taking too long to fix the water damage. What they thought was a leaking pipe in the kitchen, and a two day fix, ended up being much more costly, and an extra couple weeks of new drywall and cosmetics in his work out room below. 

He attempted to steer the conversation back on track. "Are you going to do the south shore charity run this summer?" 

"Changing the subject, eh?" she asked. "Good idea." 

He said nothing and pretended to read the paper in his hand. 

"Definitely that one. There are a couple others over the summer too," she said. "We haven't decided which ones we'll do. It will probably depend on the kids social calendar." 

"That's great." he said. 

He looked at her again, admiring her. He was glad she enjoyed the active lifestyle. A decade after kids and she was now sporting a body that was tight and amazing. 

"Hon?" Val said. "Cosmo has a list of the most popular role playing scenarios." 

"Oh yea? Do tell." He thought he detected a hint of excitement in her voice, or perhaps curiosity. "Did college professor and student make the list?" 

"Hmm. Ha!" She laughed. "Yes it did." 

He chuckled. "Student action I get all the time, but no role playing," he said seriously. 

She looked at him sideways, "You wish." 

"Yea, well..." he said glumly. 

"Also on the list: Superhero action, police officer and handcuffed hooker," she looked over at him to see his reaction. 

"Hmm, right," he nodded appreciatively. 

She winged a potholder at him. It flew at him like a Frisbee, but he easily dodged it as he anticipated something would be hurtling towards him. 

"Role playing seems like it might be fun," she said. "I could use those skills I learned from high school drama!" 

She was excited, and definitely interested! 

"Really? And what skills did you learn in high school drama?" he looked at her questioningly. 

She smiled back sweetly. "Oh, you've seen a few of them." 

"Is it like band camp? I've seen that movie so I know what happens at band camp." 

She looked at him. He knew she was debating whether to answer or not. 

"So you're holding back? Show me the rest!" he grinned. 

She shrugged her shoulders and smiled, looking back to her magazine. He knew she wasn't going to give up more on the topic. At least not right now. 

"I suppose it is good fun," he said. "You probably just let it all hang out and do whatever comes to mind." 

"Absolutely, the sillier the better. Fun and definitely not too serious," she said nodding her head. 

"Exactly," he said as he picked up another paper. 

She looked thoughtful as she responded, "I suppose you know the ending. You just need to get there." 

"Mmm. I like the getting there." 

"Sure, the getting there can be nice," she offered. "As long as there is romance." 

"Romance? In role playing?" he asked. "I suppose..." he trailed off thinking. "But the tone of role playing should be risqué and dirty." 

"That's a man's perspective," she said dismissively. "A woman may want risqué, but there also needs to be some romance." 

"Like 'Dirty Dancing' romance? Or maybe that scene from the 'Titanic' when they have sex in the car?" 

"I think you're over thinking it. You can have romance in 'getting there' and you can have romance that is risqué," she stated. 

"Romance and risqué?" Brad pondered. "Are you sure?" 

She looked up from her magazine to see if he was being serious. 

"If I want romance, I think of love and sensuality and closeness," she said. 

"I get that, that can be nice," he said. 

"If I'm looking for some dirty sex, then maybe I'm Catwoman to your Batman, or you're the plumber come to clean my pipes," she smiled at him. 

"I like the way you think," he nodded appreciatively. 

She watched him. He was looking at the paper in his hand. 

"What else is on the list?" he asked, not looking up. 

"Let's see... Pool boy and rich house wife, pizza delivery guy... what? That one is totally cliché, you'd think it would have dropped off the list by now." 

"Isn't that what role playing is? Two people looking to have sex while pretending to be someone else?" Brad said seriously. "It doesn't matter the characters." 

"I guess you're right," she said. "Now that I think of it, for a man, that is the perfect scenario. Pizza and sex." 

"That's absolutely true. I'm not even sure which one I'd start with," he smiled. 

"Oh shush! If you ever..." Val said. "Let's see, doctor patient, secretary boss, and handyman lonely housewife round out the list." 

"Those all sound fun," he said. 

"We've talked about role playing," she said casually. "We should just do it." 

"Sure, we should do it," he said. He was clearly distracted by the essay he was reading. 

She knew he wasn't listening. 

"OK then, we'll do it," she stated, watching his reaction. "Did you just hear me?" 

He didn't answer. His eyes were focused on the paper in front of him. 

"Cosmo says the average penis is 5 and a half inches for men of European descent," she said loudly and matter-of-factly. 

"That's riveting babe," he said smiling, not looking up. 

"It means you're above average," she glanced over at him. 

Several seconds passed before what she said registered. 

"I guess it does," he said, looking over at her. "Does it satisfy, my Lady?" 

She looked up from the magazine and smiled. "You know it does!" 

"What if I were to offer up, right now, say," he paused, as if considering, "some romance, a bit of sensuality and definitely some closeness?" 

Val laughed, "But what is the scenario? We haven't assumed our roles. Who am I, and who are you? Surely we must assume our identities." 

He stood and walked up behind her, placing his hands on her shoulders and began to rub her shoulders and neck lightly. She let her head fall forward slightly, letting out a soft breathy moan. 

"Hmm, let me think for a minute," Brad said softly. 

"Brad, don't you have papers to grade?" 

"Screw the papers. They're not going anywhere." 

"Really? And our roles," she prompted. 

"I was thinking you could be a super sexy house wife, and I could be a dashing, charming, perfect specimen of a loving husband," he said. "What do you think?" 

She straightened and turned into his arms, looking up into his eyes. 

"Just so I don't lose my grading groove, I think I'll grade your performance," he said softly as he slid his arms around her waist and pulled her into a tight embrace. 

"I better get an A+," she said softly. 

"That remains to be seen," he whispered. "I expect to see your best effort!" 

He leaned in and kissed her long and leisurely, breathing in her breath, and tasting her lips as he caressed her back. After a long moment of enjoying himself, he slipped one hand under her pajama shirt and used his fingertips to trace the small curve at the base of her spine. He knew she liked that, and she rewarded him by pressing her fingers into his back to lightly massage him. His lips disengaged from hers and moved quickly down into the crook of her neck where he began to nuzzle and nip at the sensitive skin there. 

She cooed, tipping her head a little to one side for him. He trailed the tip of his tongue lightly across her neck, feeling the tiny hairs there perk up. She sighed softly, holding him tightly. He slowly slid his hands down and cupped her ass in his hands, squeezing and pulling her closer. 

She moaned and moved one hand up into his hair, tangling her fingers there. She pulled his head back so she could kiss him hard on the lips. 

"Come with me, my dashing charming husband," she said, taking his hand. 

"Of course, my super sexy wife." 

He smiled as she led him down the hall. 

Chapter 2 

Brad unlocked his office door and pushed it open. The door was made of heavy wood with a panel of rectangular frosted glass in the top half. The scent of wax, books, and something he could only describe as 'old' hung in the air. This part of campus was built of red brick and heavy solid wood, back when those materials were cheap. It reminded him of visits to doctor's offices, libraries, and classrooms back when he was a kid. This building was one of the few on campus built long before him. 

He switched on the light and closed the door, tossing his jacket onto a black pleather chair. The room had high ceilings with bold crown molding. A large bookcase stood directly behind his desk, its wide shelves filled with books of varying sizes and colored bindings. Tall windows rose on either side revealing the approach of dusk outside. The walking paths he could see were void of people and tall lamps started blinking on. 

There was a box on his desk. It had been opened, but the top was now folded shut. A sheet of paper lay on top with a note scrawled on it. It read: "Brad, consider this for the freshmen civil engineering course that we'll be running in the fall. Let me know what you think, any content missing, that sort of thing. See you next week. - K" 

His cell phone rang. He glanced at it and saw his wife's number. He swiped the green circle and put the phone to his ear. 

"Hey Val, what's up?" 

"Hey Hon, if you finish early enough do you want to meet me for sushi?" she said. 

"Sounds great. I'll give you a buzz when I'm about ready to pack it up." 

"I'll get us a late reservation. Bye!" With that she hung up. 

He sat down, sighed, and opened the box pulling out two hardcover books, a couple of DVD's, and some loose adverts from the publisher. He tossed those in the recycle bin next to his desk and opening the thicker of the two books. A folded pamphlet on heavy stock paper fell out, it read: 'Chapter Synopsis'. He flipped it open, sighed again, and began scanning the contents. 

Somewhere down the hall he heard the bang of heavy doors, followed by muffled voices. Seconds later silence returned. He took a pen and made a couple notes in the margin of the pamphlet. 

He stopped, rubbed his eyes and groaned. This was about the last thing he wanted to do. Temptation tugged at him and she was being a total bitch. He was seriously considering going home and surprising his wife. Some flowers, some wine and a little smooth talk and he thought he could get her into bed again. Yesterday morning was all romance and lovemaking and she melted in his hands. In truth he had melted too; it was memorable, long and lingering, full of caressing and warmth. The opportunity for that kind of togetherness was few and far between with the kids in the house. 

He was ready to leave, but knew he'd need at least another hour to give Kevin a descent high-level assessment of the course content. 

He looked at the framed photo on his desk. It was of Valerie when they had taken the kids on a cruise a couple years back. The kids had been off on the kid deck doing whatever kids do. He had taken this picture of Val on the top deck with the ocean behind her. She was stunning. To him the word 'beautiful' fell short of how he thought of her. She wore a sundress covered in a bright floral print that fell to just above her knees. A sunhat with a sunflower on the side was cocked at an angle on her head. The wind on the top deck pulled gently at her dark straight hair. His eyes were drawn to her bright smile and full lips. Those were his favorite traits. He wanted to kiss those lips every time he looked at that photo. 

Gaining control of his impulse to pack up and leave, he smiled at Val, and with resignation went back to the work in front of him. 

"Soon," he smiled. "Soon I'll meet Val for sushi." 

Time went by. He wasn't sure how long; thirty minutes? More? He slowly became aware of the faint click-clack that could only be from woman's high-heels. Nothing else made that sound, and it was growing louder. He glanced out the window to see that the sky had turned a dark blue. Full night was not far off. 

"Shit," he thought. He knew he needed to wrap this up. 

He put the book he was reading down and rubbed his eyes. 

"Who could that possibly be this late during school break?" he thought. "Faculty wouldn't wear high-heels during break, and there's virtually no one here this late." 

He listened. The footsteps were getting closer. 

Maybe it's Carol or Beth stopping by to pick something up. That was a reasonable explanation. He knew they liked to use school break to get caught up as well. 

He shifted his focus back to the book in front of him. 

The sharp clicking of heels was nearly at his door. He couldn't ignore them. Each step echoed through his brain. With effort he kept his eyes on the book. He expected whoever it was to walk right past his door and then simply fade away down the corridor. 

The high heels stopped at his door. 

Knock-knock. 

He looked up, puzzled. Who the hell could this be? 

He stood, coughed lightly, and said, "Come in." 

The door clicked and swung slowly open. A woman entered, closing the door behind her. She turned to face him. He was stunned by what he saw, and what he saw he would never forget. 

She wore a long form fitting black leather jacket that showed off the curve of her hips. Her shoes were black shiny high heels, each with a small red heart on the side. Black stockings rose up from her feet to disappear under her jacket. They had a pattern on them that he couldn't quite make out. Was it skulls or roses? The jacket hugged her legs and hips and was held shut by two large buttons on the front. Her chest pushed out nicely against the jacket. Around her neck she wore a thin black choker, no, collar would be a better word. It was studded with small silver nubs. Her hair was dark and bundled up in one of those confusing, yet totally sexy, bunches - the way a Geisha wears it with hair sticks stuck through, magically giving the appearance of order through chaos. She wore dark eyeliner, a bit of rouge touched her high cheekbones, and her full lips wore deep crimson lipstick. 

Brown eyes, dark and beautiful, gazed at him. They were the most amazing eyes he had ever seen. He could get lost in those eyes. He had gotten lost in those eyes. They were his wife's eyes. 

His jaw slowly dropped. 

Val pulled a red dum-dum lollipop from her mouth and returned his gaze. Then one eyebrow rose. 

"Professor Taylor?" she said with a simper. "Can I have a word?" 
