 A couple of decades ago, I wrote a series of stories as a kind of therapy while my too-young marriage was falling apart. I've adapted them for Literotica, but they are little-changed. The writing style is a bit immature, the situations a little unbelievable, so be patient. Of course, they are fiction and of course the names have been changed. 

This is the third story in the set. I'll be honest, it's probably one of the worst. 

*****

3. Professional Courtesy

Donna was a research scientist where I worked. A petite Indonesian lady with a PhD and a beautiful, svelte body, I was amazed when I learnt she was 42. I thought she was years younger than that. At the time I never imagined I could be attracted to someone 16 years older than I was, but she was stunning - a petite dynamo. 

She was also enormously wealthy. Her husband regularly dropped her at work in the Porsche or the Range Rover. He worked for some multi-national company, very high up. 

One morning Donna came into my office to talk to me. 

"I overheard you talking in the tearoom about being alone this weekend," she said, "How would you like to come to my house for breakfast tomorrow morning?"

"That would be great Donna," I replied, touched by her thoughtfulness. 

"Great," she said, smiling broadly, "I'll see you at my house at 7 am. Do you know the address?"

I didn't know the address but she gave it to me and at 7 am the next day, Saturday, I arrived at Donna's house. 

As I walked up the front path, she appeared in the doorway. She looked incredibly sexy, wearing a short, flouncy, pleated, tartan mini skirt, over black stockings, and a grey ribbed top, very, very tight and sleeveless. As I approached closer, I saw the stiletto heels, red lipstick and tell-tale bumps of erect nipples under the ribbed top. 

I thought at the time that this was a pretty strange way to dress for breakfast. I was just wearing shorts and a polo shirt. 

She greeted me happily and asked me to come in. Cheekily, I told her she looked very sexy today. She laughed slightly and leant forward as I walked past her into the house, so that my arm brushed her nipples as I went past. 

She followed me into the house and motioned for me to sit down on a couch in the huge lounge room, before disappearing into the kitchen. 

She returned with a tray full of croissants and coffee. She bent down in front of me to place the tray on the table, revealing the tops of her stocking and a little of her suspenders. She maintained the view by pouring the coffee in front of me. 

Then, right on cue, she dropped a teaspoon on the floor and bent over further to retrieve it, in the process revealing that she wore a G-string. Her legs were slightly apart and she bent over so far that her skirt rode up and she showed the slight puckering of her brown anus, revealed by the inadequacy of the fabric covering her behind. 

She wandered off again towards the kitchen but, before disappearing out the door, she spun around dramatically. Her skirt flared up as she told me to eat, revealing the sheer, lacey front of her knickers. The action seemed in slow-motion, enough indeed for me to notice the lips of her vagina, encaged in the lacey fabric before the skirt dropped again to cover her modesty. 

She then returned from the kitchen and sat down next to me on the couch. 

"Please," she entreated, "have something to eat. "

I took a plate and a croissant from the table, and began eating. I soon became aware that Donna was not eating. 

"Aren't you having any?" I asked. 

"Oh, just break me off a bit of yours and I'll have that," she suggested. 

I tore a section from one end of my croissant and reached for a plate on which to put it. 

She grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand towards her mouth. Engulfing the croissant and my fingers, she took it all into her mouth. She kept hold of my wrist as she chewed and swallowed the food. I was motionless. 

She then proceeded to slowly and lasciviously lick the buttery croissant residues from each of my fingers in turn, staring deeply into my eyes as she did so. 

I was a little shocked, though probably shouldn't have been. I leapt to my feet and announced that I really should be going. 

"No, wait, please!" she begged, springing to her feet. 

Standing in front of me, she pushed me backwards so I was forced to sit down on the sofa. She climbed on top of me, sitting on my legs, facing me, like a small child. 

Her flouncy dress draped across my legs, but underneath I could feel the soft flesh of her thighs against my naked legs. 

"Please don't go," she pleaded, wrapping her wrists around my neck. 

She pulled my face towards her petite breasts and nestled me between them. 

"No, look, I really should. . . " I began. The story of my life - good intentions but weak flesh. 

She reached her arms across her front, crossed them over, and curled her fingers under the hem of her top. In a small, quick motion, she removed the garment. 

The vision before me was perfect. My doubts faded and I knew I wasn't going anywhere. Her skin was flawless deep caramel, smooth and rich. Her breasts were small and perfectly formed. Her stiff, erect nipples were perfect, with small areolae of perfectly contrasting brown. 

She bent her head down towards mine and we kissed passionately, our tongues swirling around each other and wrestling wildly. 

My penis grew with excitement and pushed hard against the fabric of my shorts. She could not have been unaware of this. 

She broke away from our kiss and drew my face towards her breasts again. This time I responded, with lips and tongue. I encircled her right nipple with my tongue and held her left breast in my hand as she hugged my head to her chest. 

As I licked and sucked at her breasts, she writhed on my lap. She was obviously aware of my growing penis, as she pushed and pulled all over it with her thighs. This only led to further growth in my crotch. 

She then reached between our closely-connected bodies and began unbuttoning the buttons at the top of my polo shirt and then began tugging at it, in an attempt to remove it. Eventually, after some struggle and some cooperation from me, the shirt was removed. 

Donna then leant down and kissed me on the chest, once, then twice. She kissed my shoulders and my neck and gently kissed and sucked my nipples. It was glorious. My skin tingled, my penis grew, and my senses soared. 

She then placed two palms on my chest and pushed me sideways, so that I fell into a lying position on the sofa. As I lifted my legs onto the sofa, in one smooth action she straddled my chest and was lying on top of me, facing my feet. Her breasts pressed against my stomach and her tartan covered buttocks faced me. 

She kissed the crease inboard from my hip then proceeded to pull down my shorts and reveal my boxers underneath. 

As I watched her, her head bobbed up and she stared for a time, as if she had not seen boxers before. Or perhaps it was the sight of my penis straining against the fabric and forming a tent of fabric that stood proud from my body. 

The pause was only momentary, as she pushed my boxers down towards my feet. She squeaked sweetly as my penis was released from its confines, then struggled to push my shorts and boxers down my legs and off the end of my feet. 

As she did this, her buttocks writhed in front of my eyes beguilingly. I could not resist a look, and when she had settled down, I gently lifted the tartan fabric of her skirt. 

Her bare buttocks faced me. The flesh of her vagina spilled ever so slightly from the sides of the tiny G-string she wore, and her wrinkled anal sphincter was barely covered by the thread of fabric that joined the lace of the front to the waist of the tiny knickers. 

I marveled at the sight. Straddling my chest as she was, her thighs were pushed far apart and her sphincter was exposed and almost the same colour as her nipples, though perhaps dustier in colour. 

I did not have long to wade in this reverie, as she had taken hold of my penis and was attacking it, licking its length, sucking gently on its head, and then moving her attention to my scrotum and balls. Soon she engulfed my cock with her mouth and began moving up and down along its length. 

As she began attending to my cock, I held Donna's buttocks with my hands and began lapping around the edges of the fabric of her knickers, tasting the sweetness of her vagina. I pushed the knickers to one side and attacked her vagina with more gusto, causing a reaction of increased movement in Donna. 

Her face bobbed up and down on my penis, and my tongue pistoned in and out of her vagina and smeared its way around her genital area. 

Then, without warning, she sat up and turned around. She straddled me once more, this time facing me. She reached between her legs and grabbed my penis and then lowered herself onto it, pushing my cock deep into her vagina in one fell swoop. 

Her flouncy little skirt draped over the area of action, as my penis pushed past her knickers and deep into her vagina. Her petite tits bounced in time to our pulsating rhythm. My penis strained hard and slid deeper with each bounce. 

She leant forward and supported herself with flat palms on my chest and ground hard against my groin. 

Suddenly she lifted herself off and my penis slid from her hot vagina. She then stood up and took my hand to encourage me to stand up. She undid her skirt and dropped it to the ground, and then she turned and sat down on the sofa. 

Her knickers had slid back to cover her vagina. She massaged herself through the sheer black lace of the panties, rigorously warming herself up again. Then she slid the fabric to one side and beckoned me with a curled finger. 

I knelt down in front of the sofa, holding my stiff cock. I slid it along the length of her vaginal slit several times before driving it deep inside her. She writhed with pleasure as I drove into her, my balls slapping against her buttocks. She braced herself with outstretched arms and drove back against me with every thrust. 

After some time, she changed position again. She stood up, faced away from me and, with arched back she pulled down her knickers. The thread of fabric up the back pulled slowly from between buttocks, one of the horniest sights available. 

Then she knelt down on the floor, facing away from me. Taking the cue, I knelt behind her and fucked her doggy-style. With every one of my thrusts, she pushed back hard against me. I reached forward and cupped her breasts gently with my hands and we writhed together. 

Pretty soon I could feel my cock twitching, pulsing, ready to explode. 

"I'm going to cum," I said urgently. 

"Fill me," she said simply. 

With a violent burst my cock exploded and continued to explode, pumping waves of semen deep into her steamy cunt. Unable to stop, I kept thrusting into her as my balls emptied. She squeezed my cock hard with her cunt muscles until finally the stream stopped. 

We rested for a time, then my cock slid from her smoothly. I wiped the end of my cock on her right buttock, leaving a greasy smear of my semen on her. She turned around and knelt in front of me, took my cock in her mouth and cleaned it up with gentle sucking. 

We lay on the carpet, exhausted for a few minutes before she sprang to her feet. 

"Hey, let's go for a swim," she said. 

I emerged some time later from the poolside changing rooms, wearing the swimsuit that Donna had provided for me. It was not what I had been expecting. It was a tiny, tiny G-string speedo. It was so small, that my cock pushed the little triangle of fabric at the front away from my groin, leaving a breezy gap around my member. 

Donna waited for me in a blue and yellow bikini, blue on the left side, yellow on the right. It was very high-cut at the top of the thigh, but covered her arse, rather than being G-string. 

I wandered over to the pool and dived in. The cool water streamed over my buttocks as I slid through the water. I stood up at the far end of the pool. The stunning Donna stood at the end of the pool and dived in after me. She swam fast, pushing under my legs. She jammed her hand hard up between my buttocks as she swam past. 

Shocked, I chased her. She ran up the steps of the pool and onto the lawn. I followed her and grabbed her. She happened to fall over in a very muddy patch of the lawn, where water obviously pooled. I fell on top on her. She wriggled and struggled and in a short period of time, we were both covered in mud. 

Struggling valiantly, I managed to remove the bottom of her bikini. I attacked her vagina with my lips and tongue, spreading the lips of her cunt and attacking it with deep thrusts of my tongue. Her cunt was topped with a thick but perfectly manicured smallish triangle of pubic hair. My barely-covered cock became hugely erect as I caused her to writhe deeper into her mud bath. 

Licking, pressing, kissing, sucking, I worked her vagina to a heated frenzy. She held the back of my head with her muddy hands and pushed me into her steaming cunt, thrusting at my face as I attacked her. I could taste the salty mixture of her juices and my semen. 

Soon she thrust and writhed and moaned harder and I knew she was close to orgasm. Concentrating my effort on her clitoris, I gently moved her to a crashing orgasm. She was almost screaming by the time she finally released the tension in her body and lay still in the mud, breathing deeply and heavily. 

I moved up her body and we kissed deeply and lay there, still again in the mud, for a short while. 

Then we proceeded to the showers of the poolside change rooms and fucked again, standing up as the warm stream of water rinsed the mud from our bodies. 

Before I could cum again, she knelt in front of me and took my cock into her mouth. She sucked me to another crashing orgasm. I filled her mouth with my semen - wave after wave, again. I filled her and she swallowed every last drop.