 The sky is a murky grey outside, and you can hear the sleet outside as it patters against the gym windows, like tiny ball bearings scattered from the heavens. The wind howls like banshees through the gaps in the old building's windows. Most of the camp is on leave now, "just a skeleton crew left," you think to yourself. You start to pace around the gym, trying to warm up a little. Your gym vest and shorts aren't providing much warmth in the bitterly cold air as they cling to your toned but feminine curves. You're quite looking forward to this, really. You've had a thing for this instructor for a while, so a chance to spend some time alone with him sounds great even if it's meant to be a punishment detail. You're early yet; the PTI shouldn't be here for another twenty five minutes or so. "Enough time for a little warm up," you think to yourself.

Finding yourself a floor mat, you sit down and close your eyes, and begin to think about one of your corporals from basic training. You start to remember the time you fooled about on exercise with him, having to remain absolutely quiet so the rest of the guys couldn't hear you. You were meant to be bunkered down for the night, when he crawled up to you. No words were needed, you knew he wanted you, and you him. He hauled himself on top of you, and you looked into his eyes, white pearls against the broken lines of his cam cream. There was only lust there, but that suited you fine right then. You had urges too, and they needed fulfilling. 

Back in the gym, your right hand begins to creep under the waistband of your shorts, the desperation of that act those many nights ago, making you moist. Your finger slips between those glistening lips as you remember more of the details, him unbuckling your belt and you, his. The urgency of that deed causing you hand to strum you pussy harder. The sheer animalistic zeal of what happened, the memory of him deep inside of you, of clutching to him, teeth biting in his shoulder, trying not to make a sound, your laboured breaths creating a mist around you in the cold sky of the early morning hours. All this is coming back to you, forming a picture in your mind as clear as the night it happened, which combined with your fingers slipping into your tight little snatch, make you shudder.

Suddenly you hear a noise from the outside the hall, bringing you crashing back to reality. Your PTI must be here early! You hurriedly take your hand out from your shorts, your fingers still sticky. As the door opens you start to do sit-ups to try and explain your position on the floor and the flush in your cheeks.

"My, my!" exclaimed the Sergeant, "we are keen, aren't we Private?"

"Yes Sergeant!" you reply. "I wanted to get some practice in before you came... and met me," your voice flustered. 

"Well, you know why I asked you here, don't you?"

"It's, because I used my mobile in basic fitness training yesterday isn't it Sergeant?" You answer sheepishly.

"Yes it is Private. And I think I better make sure you haven't got it on you again."

" Wha..." you begin to protest.

"Enough of that insubordination Private," he said with authority. "And get up against that wall. Legs shoulder width apart and hands above your head."

You obey with out thinking putting you hands high on the wall in front of you and spreading your legs slightly. He stands behind you and starts to frisk you, the shock of it not making you realise you got nowhere to hide things. His hands start at your ankles working they're way up to your thighs, his touches lasting longer than they should. He restarts his frisking, this time on your arms, moving down to your shoulders, his body pushing close to you as he does so. His hands glide down your back, then tracing the curve of your hips, and up your chest. His fingers feeling your nipples still erect from your "warm up" before. You gasp as he pinches them playfully, chuckling to himself, his warm breath on the back of your neck makes the hairs stand on end. His fingers run down your belly and back to your hips, grasping your buttocks.

"Nicely toned there aren't we Private" he says, giving your pert little ass a playful pat. "Just one last place to check then," he comments, before his firm hands start to rise up your inner thighs, to you your still damp crotch. His fingers push your mound through the fabric of your shorts.

"Aha!" he exclaims, "you must have been doing a little more warming up than I first thought. Well I think we may just be able to help you finish off there."

Taking your top off over your head, exposing your full, firm breasts, he throws it aside. All the while telling you stay in the same position and not to move an inch. Holding your hips he starts to kiss your neck; you bite your lip trying to stifle the giggles. His hands slide up your warm front to your heaving chest and his kisses work down your spine and then back up with the hard tip of his tongue just barely touching the skins surface. His fingertips surround each of your breasts and draw inwards tracing lines to your erect nipples, slowly circling each teat, teasing them, pulling on them softly. You start to shiver, goose bumps appearing all over tender flesh, as he gets on to his knees and grazes his lips over the base of your spine. Hooking his thumbs either side of your shorts he pulls them down, making you kick them off. You're now stood there in nothing but your trainers and your panties, quivering with anticipation. Standing up, he once again moves close to you, his hardening dick pressing into your back. He starts to slide his fingers up and down your hot little mound through your knickers, gently spanking it occasionally, sending waves of pleasure careering through your body, making you moan each time he puts pressure there. You can't help yourself and start to grind down on his fingers and he whispers into your ear,

"You like that, don't you? You want more don't you?"

"Yes, oh yes!" you murmur back.

"Well okay then," he replied, "But if you move from that position you will be punished, you understand me Private?"

"Uhuh ," is all you manage to reply with.

He rips your now soggy panties off of your body, fully exposing your tight little butt and dew soaked pussy. You whimper as his fingers find your wet slit, gasping as they slide between your lips, your juices soaking them. He reaches your swollen clit, circling it, rubbing it, rocking it back and forth, your breathing becoming quicker, your body shaking. His other hand reaches round now, his fingers plunging inside you, once, twice, three times before stroking them along your opening. The rhythm of these actions encompassing you in state of ecstasy, his kisses on your neck furthering that feeling. The feeling on your bud intensifies and you gulp as you start to shake. His fingers inside you play merry hell with the sensitive nerve endings there, sending sparks of chemical electricity up your back, making it arch. Without thinking you start to grind your crotch into his fingers, wanting more and more as you approach climax. Suddenly you're there; your muscles spasm and you hold your breath as the powerful orgasm racks your body, making your knees weak. He is forced to support you lest you fold to the floor, his strong arms supporting you. 

Turning you round to face him, he kisses you hard and forcefully, his hands holding your face. He stops, looks into your eyes and holds you in his gaze for a couple of minutes, smiling, and a mischievous sparkle in his eye.

"You misbehaved didn't you" he says quietly.

"I couldn't help it though" you reply.

"Well, I told you not to move though and you did," he continued, "so you will be punished like I said. You are to do fifteen proper press ups nice and slow, but there's a twist you've got to do them over me, whilst sucking my dick and with me playing with that tight lil' pussy of yours. You think you can manage that?"

"I don't know," You manage to reply, not actually sure if you could.

"Well we better find out hadn't we? Oh there maybe a reward for you if you manage, you like the sound of that?" he demanded, already removing his clothes, his erect cock springing free.

"Ok" you agree, your voice wavering slightly, knowing you didn't really have a choice.

Taking a mat and lying down on it, he beckoned you over and tells you to start. Nervously you take position over him, head pointing towards his feet, your still wet cunt towards his face. You take his dick into your mouth its texture warm and smooth and you begin, descending slowly, his manhood thrusting into the back of your mouth. His fingers find your snatch once again, slipping them into its hot interior.

2. He starts to work on your clitty, rubbing it softly. 

3. His cock far into your mouth, your nipples rubbing up against his body on each descent, you can't help but lick his engorged helmet. 

4. Already you can feel your muscles start to tire, as his nimble fingers work on your groin, making you ache. 

5. His fingers rub harder and slide deeper, pushing up against the front of your vagina wall, making you moan.

6. You begin to shake, the combination of exertion and pleasure, making their presence known on your muscles. 

7. The intensity quickens. 

8. Your lips slide easily over his fleshy rod, his hands still working the magic underneath.

9. Your muscles aching now, beads of perspiration forming over your body. 

10. As his fingers work your slick interior and work your clitoris with an ever increasing passion, your legs and arms start to tremble. 

11. You're struggling now to maintain control of your body. 

12. "Oh my god!" you think to your self "this is too intense" but you don't give in, you are determined to show him your mettle and get your reward. 

13. The trembling takes over your entire body now, as fatigue and the onset of another orgasm threatens to beat you.

14. Tears form in your eyes as the focus on your crotch becomes almost unbearable, your muscles scream. One more to go you push yourself. 

15. You almost collapse back on him, tilting your head back and releasing his throbbing member, glistening with your saliva.

"Please," you beg, "Let me come!"

"Permission granted Private" he answers, smiling.

"Oh god, thank you, thank you" you reply, as you shudder, your flowing juices coating his fingers still working inside you, as "la petite mort" (the little death) overcomes you. You turn your body round and lie on top of him facing him, panting. He strokes your back as you begin to recover, his broad chest providing a comfortable resting place.

"So, have you learnt your lesson Private?"

"I don't know Sarge, I may forget and do it again," You counter.

"Well, I just have to think of more ways to punish you then won't I?"

"If you think you can handle me?" You answer your cockiness resurfacing.

"Oh, right, tough bitch are we?" He asks pinching your vivacious, curvaceous and firm bottom making you squeal with glee.

"Maybe," Your boldness fading.

"Anyway how about that reward I promised, you still want it?"

"Oh, Yes," You reply, wondering what delights he still has in store for you. You don't have to wait much longer as he motions you to stand up, rising to his feet himself. Leading you by your hands he takes you over to a vaulting horse, and stands facing you. As he traces his fingernails down the front of your neck, the valley between your pert breasts, your athletic midriff and your smooth hips, its sends flashes of cold delight through your body. You place your hands upon his firm shoulders as his close round your hips and without warning he lifts you up onto the leather padded top of the vaulting horse. 

He now has to look up to you, his head level with your upper body which glistens with sweat. Your head rolls back as his mouth starts to worship your womanly swells, his hard wet tongue exploring every inch of the them. His movements spiral inwards to their cores, his lips envelope your nipples, teasing them between his teeth, sucking them increasing their sensitivity as your nails dig into his shoulder like a cat's claws. You moan as the delightful voyage continues down the channel between your womanly curves, taking time over your taut abdomen. Parting your legs with his strong hands, he sinks to his knees, his feathery kisses moving tantalisingly over the soft and supple skin of your inner thighs. You move your hands to his head and start to guide him closer to your musky core. 

At last you can feel him draw closer to you, his breath making its presence felt on your receptive, velvety pussy lips, moist with your own sap. With one long hard stroke, the tip of his tongue traces a sure path from the bottom of your split, through your reddened labia, scooping up your honey, right up to your swollen clit, lubricating it your own juices. He sucks it, you want more, he lashes and taps it with his tongue, you want more, and then unexpectedly he starts hum with his own lips touching it. You want to laugh at first but the mild vibrations from them shoot up your spinal column making you bite you lip, the feel of it, the feel of him making you want to scream with glee, but you're frightened someone passing might hear. Moving your legs onto his shoulders and leaning back so as to offer him more of you, his fingers once again thrust within you. His fingers start to move deeper, his mouths routine quickening, his tongue occasionally slipping inside of you. A low groan starts to emanate from you. His fingers now start to work on your g-spot too, almost overwhelming you. Your body is once again sent into the throes of sexual ecstasy. Your body shudders as your muscles tighten and contract and your lithe legs clamp around his head. As the blissful feeling subside and reality returns you feel him release your legs and rise. You open your eyes to find him putting his hands on your hips as he pulls you down from your perch, now slick from your juices. With your back up against the side, he takes your pretty face in his hands and kisses you deeply, his mouth still sweet with your juices, the taste of them exciting you, making you feel dirty but so good. His tongue pushes against yours, a warm glow flushes your face, and his fingers go up into your hair and grip tighter to kiss you harder and longer. His tongue deftly runs along the ridges of your teeth before he tenderly uses his teeth to pull on your bottom lip slightly. You open your eyes and look into his, their deepness making you loose yourself within them.

"Right, well we better get you cleaned up hadn't we Private," his voice bringing you out of your trance. "Because lets face it, you a little bit messy aren't you?"

"That's not entirely my fault is it, Sergeant?"

"Don't answer back Private." The grin on his face betraying the fact he wasn't at all serious. Taking you by complete surprise he scoops you up in his stead arms and carries you towards the showers. "Besides you wouldn't want to jeopardise the rest of your reward would you?"

"Ohh, I didn't realise there was more," you exclaim trying to hide your satisfaction.

Your in the shower room now, one of those big communal ones, with white tiled walls and steel pipes leading to large plate like shower heads. You know from experience how hot and steamy this place gets when all the showers are on. And that's exactly what's happening now as you wait expectantly propped up against the cold surface the tiles create, whilst he turns on each of the showers taps. The room is quickly filling with a hot mist, your body drenched in the hot water as it cascades from those vast shower heads, like a hot monsoon rain.

He pushes you up against the wall and motions for you to jump up onto him and face him. You do so your well-formed legs wrapping easily around his hips and your arms round his neck for support. He slowly guides his throbbing manhood into your wet pussy, every centimetre of it feeling wonderful as it slides past those receptive soft walls. You feel complete as he slides it in to its furry hilt, his strong hands cupped under and supporting your firm ass. With a low moan he starts to move his hips back and forth, his face in front of yours, looking into your eyes as they open and close with each wonderful stroke. You can't help but cry out with a mixture of pleasure and almost pain each time he fills you fully. 

You move your arms from his neck one at a time to the shower pipes either side of you, allowing your back to be flat against the smooth tiled surface. His thrusting makes your back rise up and down the wall the mixture of perspiration and steam that saturates your soft skin, eliminating all friction. His hands squeeze your taut buttocks as his pace accelerates, his chest rubbing up against yours, making your rock hard buds tingle with excitement. You yelp, as his kisses on you neck, which you barley noticed before, turn to a fairly hard bite, the basic animal instincts taking control over him. Oh God you think as your gentle moans grow in volume as he drives harder into you, pushing you further up the wall each time, waves of carnal bliss flowing over you with increasing magnitude, building up and merging into one. Your body shakes and your arms fling round his neck once more as your muscles grow rigid as your orgasm comes to its peak. You can feel you vaginal walls tighten around his cock making him sigh with elation, his muscles tightening now, and then you feel his hot seed fill you, mixing with your own juices, as his backside clenches and unclenches several times in succession, a final growl emanating from his lips. He pulls back from you allowing you to release yourself from him, your legs still weak, he holds you to him in a solid yet gentle embrace, as the minutes flow quickly by.

Still in a daze he directs you under the main flow of the shower and starts to lather you up with a sweet smelling body shampoo, surprising you with his gentleness, taking great care not to get any in your eyes. With gentle circles his hands work the soap all over your tired body as you start to focus once more. Helping him you start to do the same to him, taking time on your favourite areas. He turns you round and starts to massage the foam into your shoulders, his thumb and forefinger loosening the knotted muscle there. The balls of his palms push into the flesh and his hands roll across your slender shoulders, relaxing you, taking away the aches and pains from weeks of hard training. His thumbs begin to work either side of your spine, pushing up from the base all the way up to your neck. Any tenseness there slowly is eased. Your sigh as his knuckles start to work into your back releasing all stiffness there. This continues until you're fully stress-free, and he rinses off the soap from you his hands caressing every watery inch of you, before tasting your lips once more with a lengthy and full kiss. He begins to move off turning his back to you. He takes about five steps before turning around and saying,

"I expect to see you here same time next week Private, I have obviously got much more work to do on you yet."

"Of course Sergeant!" you reply confidently, "I wouldn't dream of not attending."

"Good, good Private that's the attitude I like to hear," he responds as he leaves you on your own in the female showers. You stand there in the misty atmosphere pondering your next encounter and what surprises he has in store for you next time. You just know its going to be a long week waiting and that wait is definitely going to be worthwhile.