 Until about eight years ago my wife and I were practicing naturists (i.e., nudists) and I published a quarterly newsletter (peak circulation of about 2500 in 1986) focusing on naturism. Because of the newsletter I frequently received letters and phone calls from people with naturist related stories. In August 1982 I was contacted by a woman at a naturist resort in Michigan regarding alleged relationships between a eighteen year old young man and two or more older (i.e., 30+) women and unconfirmed allegations that this young man may have been sexually involved with as many as 15 other women at the resort. The following is excerpted from the article I eventually wrote regarding this matter: 

"While the manager of the resort would state only that the resort is still investigating the allegations, he indicated there is substantial sentiment in the resort’s nudist community for expelling the 18 year old and his family. Speaking of the 18 year old, the manager said 'there is a feeling among many of the guests that he’s had a disruptive effect.' The manager declined to elaborate on the nature of any disruption, and conceded that the young man had not been charged with violating any of the rules of the resort. There is a distinct feeling among those sympathetic to the 18 year old, however, that the manager’s citing of a 'disruptive effect' was an oblique reference to the young man's unusually large genitals. A female nudist at the resort offered that 'this is a simple case of penis envy. They won’t admit it, but a lot of the men at this resort are threatened by the size of his penis.'” 

I was at first very concerned that someone was pulling my leg on this story, so I asked my source, Janice, if she had a photo of this young man who she referred to as Ed. She said no, she didn’t, but she’d take one - she was very matter of fact about it. I asked how she knew Ed would consent to having his picture taken and she laughed and said “why shouldn’t he?” So a week later I receive a slightly overexposed polaroid of two young men posing next to a pool. One is about six inches taller than the other, and the taller one has the most enormous penis I’d ever seen, abnormally huge. He’s long-limbed, fairly large-boned frame, and sinewy; definitely slender but not skinny. His penis is circumcised and appears perfectly flaccid and it hangs more than halfway to his knees. It also appears incredibly wide. His hair looks long and stringy, like maybe he just got out of the pool. No particular body hair to speak of other than some pubic hair. The other is shorter, skinnier, unremarkable in every way. The overexposure made it difficult to make out facial features. I remember that I debated at the time whether or not to describe it as “unusually” large or “abnormally” large. I chose “unusually” because I thought it was less lubricious. I’m no longer a practicing naturist but I was at the time, and naturists are always concerned about the perception that naturism is a sexual thing. So I was very ambivalent about the article in the first place and I really tried to play down the whole “big penis” angle. A urologist I consulted after receiving a polaroid of Ed confirmed that the degree of genital overdevelopment was in fact abnormal. 

This picture was truly startling. I went so far as to try to scale the picture - you know, Ed is three inches high in the picture, his penis is 3/8 of an inch, Janice tells me he’s slightly over six feet tall, etc. I remember distinctly that they indicated this young man had a nine inch flaccid penis. Janice had already offered her opinion that the men at the resort were intimidated by this young man’s size and I remember being very skeptical of that theory. I mean, differences in penis size is something that’s not new to naturists - I think flaccid penis size varies more than erect penis size. And while I wouldn’t claim that naturists don’t note the differences, I can honestly say that your bona fide naturist doesn’t dwell on it (notwithstanding that I’ve now devoted two full paragraphs to this young man’s size). But I must admit thinking that yeah, I might be intimidated by something that outrageously huge. I showed the polaroid to my wife. Her reaction appeared to me more one of stunned amazement rather than sexual arousal. Her remark upon seeing the picture was something to the effect of "my god, it's freakish." 

Janice was motivated by what she perceived as blatant physiognomic discrimination on the part of the resort and the naturist community at the resort. I too found this an interesting journalistic angle and arranged for my wife and I to visit the resort. We decided that we would attempt to meet Ed and his family before making the journalistic nature of our visit known to the resort management. We met Janice immediately upon arriving at the resort and she arranged to take me to the pool area where Ed would generally be during the afternoon. My wife stayed behind at our room. We arrived at the pool and I recognized Ed from his photo. He was in the water with a friend but he immediately acknowledged Janice and climbed out of the pool. The polaroid had not prepared me for the sight of this ungodly organ in the flesh. Ed was literally hung like a horse, his flaccid penis possessing a length, girth and meatiness far beyond any penis I'd ever seen (and I'd been a practicing naturist for a decade at that point and visited more than 30 naturist resorts). In the way that all males are practiced at, I gauged the dimensions of this organ and then attempted to avoid staring. Janice, with whom Ed was plainly very friendly, invited him to a picnic she was planning for the next day. He readily accepted the invitation, so eagerly that I suspected that he'd been sexually involved with Janice (a suspicion Janice initially denied but ultimately confirmed). The plan was that my wife and I would stumble upon this picnic and would then have an opportunity to interview Ed. As we were leaving the pool area I noticed a pronounced imbalance in the male-female ratio at the pool - there was one other male besides myself and at least ten females ranging from ages 18 to 60. This struck me as unusual and I wondered whether it was attributable to the presence at the pool of this super-penis. 

My wife and I had arranged with Janice to meet her and Ed at a clearing in a wooded area adjacent to the designated picnicing area. As my wife and I approached through the woods we heard giggling and saw Ed following Janice about as she prepared the picnic area. It was plain that he was attempting to interest her in some sort of sexual horseplay and she was politely demurring. Not surprisingly, he was in a state of semi-arousal and his penis was even larger than what I had seen the day before, although it continued to hang perfectly perpendicular to the ground and retained the meatiness and pliability of a flaccid penis. I estimated his semi-turgid length at over ten inches. My wife was quite simply slack-jawed, standing next to me in stunned silence as we spied on Ed and Janice. As we were about to enter the clearing my wife grabbed my hand, took a deep breath and paused for a moment to compose herself. In retrospect this was the first moment that I became aware of the profound sexual effect that this massive penis was having on my wife. 

We entered the clearing and Janice reacted with feigned surprise at our presence. Ed reacted with genuine surprise and betrayed a certain amount of disappointment at our presence, no doubt assuming that we were ruining any chance he had for a sexual interlude that afternoon. Janice introduced my wife to Ed. My wife was very attractive in those days, if I must say so myself, but Ed was merely polite and gave no indication of any interest in my wife. My wife, however, reacted in a most unusual way. She was 30 years old at the time and typically assumed a very mature and even matronly tone with younger men that she would meet. But her voice and her demeanor were anything but matronly on this occasion. She half whispered and half giggled a "hello" to the young man and extended a visibly trembling hand for his handshake. I was stunned to to note an exaggerated femininity and coquettishness in her behavior that I hadn't seen since our dating days. As my wife later described it to me, it was an involuntary reaction on her part to the presence of such an extraordinary amount of "maleness." 

My own reaction to this gigantic cock also surprised me. Although I was very aroused by my wife's reaction, my own already modest penis seemed to be unusually modest, barely peeking out from my pubic bush. My flaccid length varies, and generally my state of arousal would have produced a four inch semi-flaccid penis. I don't know if it was some sort of atavistic male response to a distinctly superior male organ or perhaps just the awkardness of being the "other guy" in the presence of two females and a gigantic penis, but I was definitely not showing to advantage. Meanwhile my wife was losing her battle to be discreet and Ed caught her staring at his penis on numerous occasions. He must have been accustomed to this because he showed no particular reaction to her obvious fascination with his extraordinary endowment. His attention was firmly focused on Janice, a skinny woman with frizzy hair and a very plain face but with breasts that were extremely large for her frame, a fact that no doubt riveted Ed's attention. 

Janice produced a bottle of red wine from a cooler and ostentatiously offered wine to me and my wife but not to Ed, who seemed uninterested in the wine anyway. We were all sitting on a blanket on the ground other than Ed, who sat on the cooler with his enormous dong hanging most of the way to the ground (I couldn't be certain but it seemed to me that he must have been aware that seated on the cooler his penis was displayed more prominently than if he had been sitting on the ground). While I sipped at my wine I noticed that Janice was freely imbibing. I also noted with surprise that my wife, who generally prefers white wine and insists that red wine gives her a headache, was soon working on her second large glass of wine. By the time we'd finished with some cheese and french bread both my wife and Janice were a bit red-cheeked and giggling and otherwise exhibiting the influence of the wine. Janice had turned the conversation to her breasts, in particular the social and physical disadvantages of having disproportionately large breasts. As she was doing this she was sitting in a manner that accentuated her breasts, and although I'm not a breast man I must admit the effect was stunning. Ed reacted to the conversation and Janice's flamboyantly large breasts with a burgeoning erection that continued to extend straight towards the ground but must now have been at least twelve inches long and damn near as thick as the wine bottle. My wife had ceased any attempt to avert her eyes and she was now unabashedly staring at this horsecock. Suddenly my wife turned to face me and said "let's go for a walk in the woods." 

I'd noticed a distinct wet spot growing on the blanket where my wife was sitting; she was literally creaming in the presence of this young man's monstrous schlong. My wife's sudden insistence on a walk in the woods could have meant various things, but the wet spot on the blanket suggested to me that my wife was in serious need of a sexual release. As soon as we were out of sight of the clearing my hunch was confirmed. "My God, I could barely keep from touching myself," she gasped. "Let's fuck right now." I was incredibly turned on but curiously quite incapable of producing an erection, so I fingered my wife while she frantically stimulated her clit, bringing herself to orgasm in three minutes whereas she usually required at least 15 minutes of continuous stimulation before coming. After she came I kidded her gently. "I didn't know my wife was such a size queen." I said it in a plainly humorous manner but she replied in a very sincere tone. "It's not that I'm…it's just that…it's just so fucking… huge." She said the word huge with some dismay, as if she couldn't quite comprehend such an enormous cock or her profoundly sexual reaction to it.

She was staring into the distance as she said it and seemed vaguely distressed. I'd never witnessed my wife in such a state, but I somehow instinctively knew what she was feeling. "You want to have it, don't you" I said. She looked at me with a confused and almost sad look and said "I don't know…I've never…I just…it's just so enormous, so…". Her voice trailed off and she gently shook her head. Her eyes were very moist and dreamy looking. "So much manhood," she finished. I believe I'm supposed to say at this point that my heart sank, or I experienced a pang of acute jealousy. But I experienced neither. I can't explain it, but I knew from the moment that my wife first laid eyes on this young man's freakish endowment that she would react this way. She'd never given any indication that size mattered to her, commenting so casually on the subject when we would see an unusually large penis at a naturists gathering that I'm convinced she genuinely was not "size oriented," for lack of a better term. But there was something about the absurd hugeness of such an organ that had definitely gotten under my wife's skin. That my wife should submit to this superior male organ struck me as the natural state of affairs, a fact as simple and undeniable as night following day, the droit de seigneur of the hugely endowed. 

We made our way back toward the clearing, my wife trailing slightly behind me. As we approached the clearing I thought I saw something through the leaves that made me stop, and I reached out and gently took my wife by the shoulders as she came up beside me, gently indicating that she too should stop and peer through the leaves into the clearing. She squinted, attempting to see through the lush foliage, and as I was still holding her by the shoulders I felt her become unsteady as her knees buckled at the sight. Ed was on his back, laying on the ground in the clearing, and Janice was kneeling between his spread legs, grasping with two hands his perfectly vertical cock and attempting to fellate him, although she could barely fit the massive head of his cock in her mouth. Her hands didn't begin to encircle his girth, and her attempts to manage his enormity with her two small hands was almost comical, at least to me. My wife stood transfixed, intently staring at this attempted fellating of the most gigantic penis either of us will ever see, and suddenly she emitted an audible sigh, almost a whimper. Her longing for this organ, her need to subject her mouth and vagina to his immensity, were palpable. We continued toward the clearing and Janice suddenly pulled back from the gigantic cock as she heard us approaching, and the cock fell back onto Ed's torso, striking it with a distinct "thwack". My wife actually swooned at that moment, overcome by the sound of this vast pillar of flesh striking against Ed's stomach and chest, the very sound further attesting to the mind-boggling mass of this grotesquely overdeveloped sexual organ. I momentarily supported her until she composed herself and we again proceeded toward the clearing. 

Janice was initially startled by our reappearance, but her surprise changed to concern when she saw how unsteady my wife was. Ed had jumped to his feet as we reentered the clearing and his pendulous tumescence was still slightly swaying. It seemed to have a hypnotic effect on my dumbstruck wife, who had abandoned any pretense of discretion and just gazed hungrily at Ed's massiveness. Janice seemed somewhat relieved that her transgression with Ed was not about to be condemned, and she slowly smiled as she noted my wife's fixed gaze. "There's obviously plenty to go around, if you're interested in a party," Janice said. 

I stood for a moment with my right hand around my wife’s waist, more assuring myself of her stability than providing any real support. “I think my wife would like that,” I heard myself say. 

My response did not immediately register with my severely distracted wife. After a moment she seemed to dully comprehend the import of my words and slowly began to turn her head to look directly at me, but her eyes remained fixed on the giant penis even as her head was turning. At that moment her legs seemed to give way. I managed to catch her as she was halfway to the ground and gently lowered her so that she was sitting on her left hip. After a moment, after I satisfied myself that my wife was alert and sentient, I realized that my wife had simply and genuinely swooned. Her face was flush and her skin around her breasts and torso bore a patina of perspiration. There was no question about it – my wife was afflicted with a virulent case of unreasoning, animal lust. 

Janice was attending to my wife, gently inquiring as to her welfare. Ed’s reaction was very understated; he seemed at best mildly surprised at my wife’s reaction. (It didn’t occur to me at the time, but I was to learn when I had an opportunity to interview Ed that my wife was not the first woman to literally swoon at the sight of Ed’s massive endowment). Ed looked at me, impassively. I couldn’t bring myself to say, yes, go ahead and take my wife, or even to nod, but something about my reaction was understood by Ed to signal consent, and he began stepping toward my wife. 

Ed was walking with an bow-legged gate. I realized immediately that a normal walking stance would have resulted in twelve inches of semi-turgid cockmeat bouncing from thigh to thigh. His manner of walking was effective insofar as it reduced the side-to-side motion of his swinging organ, causing it rather to swing out before him in the direction in which he was advancing and then swing back between his legs. As Ed passed me on his way to my partially sprawled wife his figure momentarily appeared to me in profile, the absurdly huge glans of his cock peaking from behind his thigh as it swung back between his legs, approximately three inches above the bend of his knee.

My wife began to assume a supine position as Ed approached her, spreading her legs in anticipation. Ed reached her and stood momentarily between her legs, and then stepped over her spread thighs and stood directly over her shoulders. Then he slowly began to crouch. My wife’s eyes widened comically as this horselike appendage came nearer to her face. My wife began to raise her hands as if to take hold of the gargantuan cock and then paused as she realized that it was aimed at her mouth. Then suddenly she opened her mouth and the apple-sized glans popped into her mouth, stretching her lips as it entered. Ed had been lowering himself onto one knee when his cock entered her mouth, and he’d had to stop before his knee touched ground lest the vertical length of his absurdly overdeveloped sexmuscle push into her throat and pinned my wife’s slender neck to the ground. Ed slid back slightly so that his cock was no longer vertical but arched in a twelve inch parabola ending in my wife’s mouth, stretched open as far as her jaws would permit. In this way he could rest his right knee on the ground without his cock pushing into her esophagus. My wife’s hands remained raised, frozen in midair, away from Ed’s cock, and then began slowly descending back toward the ground. Ed very gently worked the head of his cock around in my wife’s gaping mouth, her lips barely extending over his corona, staring wide-eyed at ten inches of forearm thick cockmeat that bulged out her mouth, his shaft distinctly convex and widening to nine inches in circumference at its midpoint. 

It was at this point that I first noticed Ed’s testicles. I’d barely adverted to them before, as they seemed to tuck quite neatly behind his amazing penis. Now they were dangling obscenely over my wife, his scrotum hanging perhaps six inches from the base of his cock, cradling two balls that seemed at first unremarkable because of their proportionality to his huge pole. I then realized that their proportionality to a giant cock meant that they too were absurdly huge, one of his balls exceeding in size my entire genitals. 
