 Behind her bedroom doors, Lora arched and moaned as the hand between her legs rubbed her clit furiously. This time however, she was not alone. With Brett as a driving force behind her, hand on her ass, gripping her tightly, slamming his cock deep inside of her, she panted and groaned as her legs quivered, and she came all over Brett's cock. He followed her lead, releasing an animalistic growl, and pulled out, shooting his wad all over her ass, giving it a playful smack when he was finished. Summer had flown by, and now it was the beginning of September, and time for back to go school. Although the entire summer seemed to have disappeared, it was the last few weeks that had really gone by the fastest since Lora had found something to do. Brett was a new play toy, and he considered her the same. Now their time together would not be so frequent, she would be busy with school, and since he had found a job, he would be busy at work. She felt down about the whole situation, and not being able to see him anymore, but she also realized, that even though he had been her first, he would not be her last. After Brett left, Lora showered and climbed into bed. Thinking about the next day, the first day of her senior year. She was truly ready. 

The annoying beeping sounds were something she had never gotten used to. Over the course of entire school years, she had woken up to the same annoying thing five days a week, at exactly six thirty. She staggered out of bed and climbed into the shower for a quick masturbation session. The school was only a few blocks away so she didn't mind walking. The students were already flooding the yard, laughter and summer stories filled the air. Two of Lora's best friends linked arms with her and went inside the school. They picked up their schedules at the office and looked them over. They all had mandatory classes, some of which they shared and they were all required to complete a gym class. English, was also a mandatory subject, but Lora found that she didn't share it with her friends, much to her dismay. They entered the gym, where all the beginning of the year orientation began. 

Once things got settled into regular routine a few weeks later, Lora learned what a bitch Ms. Hyde could be. She taught the English class, the only class that she didn't share with any of her close friends. She hated standing to talk, she hated being corrected in speech, and most of all, and she hated reading. Ms. Hyde went over the material they would be covering and Lora's first thought had been that it was too many books to bother with. The questions were easy for Lora, she was smart, but the reading bored her. None the less, it had to be done. One morning a couple of months later she walked in, and there was a man sitting at the teacher's desk. The bell rang, and a few stragglers floated in, before it got silent, and he turned to write his name on the board. Mr. Bryan Coltt. Ms. Hyde's replacement while she went on maternity leave. As he turned and surveyed his class, Lora got to look at him for the first time. He was a younger man, probably not much into his thirties, if he was even thirty. His hair was short, but not buzzed, and it looked like he hadn't bothered to comb it this morning. With a dress shirt and jeans, he hardly fit what a teacher was supposed to look like at all.

Ms. Hyde must have given great notes to Mr. Coltt because he was the male version of her. He didn't care if you stood when you talked but he still corrected, and he was really big on reading out loud. He was very...casual about it all, but was no stranger to handing out detentions if he caught anyone not paying attention. Weeks went by, and Lora grew to like him less and less. It was winter already, and they were reading a play out loud. She was sitting at a desk near the window, lazily day dreaming about Brett, who she had not seen in a couple of weeks, wishing he were around to warm her up when her attention was jerked back to reality as Mr. Coltt stood in front of her, waving his hand in her face. 

"Earth to Lora, Lora come in. Have you been lost to a space ship?"

Her face turned red and everyone laughed. She scowled at him and struggled to find her part on the page. She finished and looked up, still shooting the teacher dirty looks. As if he had eyes in the back of his head, he spoke without turning.

"If that's really how you feel about it Lora, you may come back after school, and read the entire chapter to me."

This made her even angrier, the bell rang and she flounced out his class, throwing her things in her locker before heading to her next class. The day dragged on, and she became more irritable with every minute that ticked by knowing that she would have to return to her English class to read out loud to someone who would probably criticize every word she mispronounced. The final bell sounded, and she trudged back to his classroom, lugging her book with her. She knocked on the door, and he called her in. 

"I'm glad you didn't forget our date."

She faked a smile and sat down in the desk. He came to stand beside her, and flipped to the chapter that she had been daydreaming through and told her to begin. As she started, he sat on the desk next to her listening. Bryan Coltt was a new teacher, this was only his third year teaching, and he'd never taught in a high school before. He figured that these teenagers wouldn't be much different than the kindergartens he had taught his first year, and the grade 6's he had taught the year after. He assumed it would be easier, since they were old enough to comprehend the consequences to their actions, but he had been wrong, especially about the girls. The girls were breathtaking. He was still young enough to be attracted to these teen girls, all of them with raging hormones, whether they even knew it or not. It was almost bewildering to him and he was often distracted from his job by the tight clothing or lack of it. 

From the beginning he had Lora as an interest in his own mind. She was tall and slender. He was mostly interested in her massive tits, which were always hidden under a shirt, but in the gym class he sometimes helped with, he could tell they were big, as the girls ran laps in the gym, her little white work out shirt did nothing to restrain them and the sports bra she wore, plainly visible underneath didn't do much either. Her legs were long, and her long black hair and blue eyes caught his attention every time. Her features were definitely striking. He wished he had been around for warmer weather when she wore skirts, in hopes that maybe by some slim chance he could catch just a fleeting glimpse of her panties between her beautiful thighs, or better yet, her sweet pussy if she didn't wear any. Some of the other girls openly flirted with him, which was a turn on, but it was Lora who really got him worked up. She looked like she could be a lot of fun. Like an untamed horse, waiting to be ridden.

Beep. Beep. Beep. Lora slammed her hand down on the alarm and rolled over, reaching down between her legs and sighing. It had been a good weekend. Brett hadn't been working, and had invited her out for a party. She had been on him before they even got there, riding his cock in the driver's seat of his truck. He had made her cum so many times, and even late Sunday night, into the wee hours of Monday morning, she found herself in the bed of a truck once again, out by the hiking trails, moaning into the night as Brett pounded her cunt good. She sighed and commenced her morning routine. The day seemed to drag on and on and she became more and more sleepy. Being up late, and the heat in the school, despite the fact that it was February made it so much worse. Listening to Mr. Coltt go on and on from a book they were reading was her downfall. As she sat with her head on the desk, she drifted off. It seemed like only a minute had passed, but when she jerked her head up and looked around, she found the class was empty, and Mr. Coltt was sitting at his desk grading papers. 

"Uhh...sorry Mr. Coltt. I'm going to get to my next class."

Lora tried to scurry out of the classroom but was cut short by his flat, cold tone.

"What's the rush? You've been sleeping here for over two hours, you might as well give yourself time to wake up."

She looked at the clock and blushed as she lowered her head. How the fuck was it almost four? School had been out for half an hour. She had missed her last class, and here she was stuck. She knew he was going to punish her, or maybe even report her to the principal, who would tell her father, who would be extremely pissed since he valued education. She slunk back to her seat and waited for Mr. Coltt to say something to her. He said nothing and rose from his desk and approached her with a book in his hand. He handed it to her and crossed his arms on his chest with a smirk.

"I know how much you hate reading, so I think it's fitting that you read this out loud until I'm satisfied, after all, you slept through my class, and your Art class. I already talked to the other teacher. She thinks this is a fitting punishment for you. So from the both of us, begin."

Sighing, she began reading as Mr. Coltt moved freely about the room, moving some things around. She stumbled over a couple of words, and he came to her side, making her go over them again. She was so annoyed, she wanted to go home and remember the weekend. She didn't realize her thought process had caused her to become quiet.

"I don't think I asked you to stop reading, did I?"

She hissed under her breath and continued on. She stumbled over a few more words, and he rose from his perch behind her, and leaned over her shoulder, going over the words with her again. She felt him his thigh rub against her shoulder, and she was sure that...no, it couldn't have been his cock. She shook her head and tried to dismiss the thought entirely. Somehow, she couldn't. As he leaned over her, explaining the words, she shrugged her shoulders casually. There it was again. He had a hard-on. Lora was surprised...she didn't feel disgusted or turned off, in fact it made her feel devious and it turned her on. 'Naughty teacher' she thought, 'I will teach you a lesson.' She crossed her arms over her chest as she had done to Brett many times before, making the valley of her tits become more visible in the shirt she was wearing and looked him in the eye with a very serious expression. His eyes dipped and he grinned, tapping the page with his finger.

"Keep going."

She couldn't believe it hadn't worked. Maybe she had misread the situation. Perhaps it had been something else, but she had been sure. She wanted to get this reading done and over with and get the hell out of there so she continued, trying to read faster. Mr. Coltt resumed to sitting at his desk, listening to her quickened pace, and waiting for the opportune moment. She stumbled again over the large words and he stopped her. Pulling a chair beside him, he called her over trying not to grin the whole time.

"Seems to me you might do better over here, where I don't have to get up and correct you every few minutes."

She glared. How dare he. She got up from her chair slowly, making sure she leaned over a little bit extra, showing her cleavage off, dragging her feet slowly to his desk, swaying her hips, running one finger along the edge of his desk, finally sitting down on the chair. He pretended not to watch her little display, but he couldn't help it. He was sporting a throbbing hard-on, he'd been thinking about this for some time now, and it just so happened that she had unknowingly played right into his fantasy. After watching her for this many months, he was unable to control himself any longer. He had gone from thinking about fucking her in just his classroom, to thinking about fucking her while he taught other classes, then while he watched her in gym class, and more recently, had thought about fucking her while he was at home, laying in his bed with his girlfriend, and even on occasion while he fucking her, he thought about Lora. He imaged that her hips would look perfect on top of him, grinding down on his hard cock as he felt her breasts and tweaked her nipples. 

As soon as she was seated, he pulled his chair closer to hers, until they were side-by-side, legs touching. Lora went back to reading, and he took a deep breath. She smelled sweet, and he imagined that she would taste much the same. He worked up the courage finally to place his hand on her leg, as he leaned forward, trying to make it seem as casual as he could, gauging her response. When she didn't comment on his touch, he further engaged the situation, by beginning to pet her leg gently with his thumb. At this point Lora stopped reading, and looked down as he removed his hand, blushed and apologized.

"Sorry, habit I guess, I do it to my girlfriend, it helps me think."

Lora licked her lips coyly and smiled. She picked up his hand and placed it higher up on her thigh.

"It's okay Mr. Coltt, it seems to make the reading...easier."

She returned to reading, as he returned to stroking her thigh. He became rather consumed with the idea of how she had smiled so innocently and said it was fine. Wanting to push the envelope to see how far she could really take him, but not want things to take a turn for the worse. After some deliberation, he decided to try. He raised his hand higher, slid it down, and began stroking the inside thigh casually. Lora reacted, but much to his delight it was not negatively. She widened her leg slightly to allow his caress. What Lora did next, she did without realizing, she had forgotten where she was, and who she was with, her mind had wandered and reading out loud had become a thing of the past. She slid down in the chair, causing his hand to slide up further to the crotch of her pants, where it continued to stroke. He watched as she leaned her head against the chair and he smiled to himself. She was more willing than expected. As he closed the book, Lora opened her eyes, slightly embarrassed. 

"That's enough reading for today Lora."

He reached across and grabbed her legs, twisting her in the chair, pulling her over and onto his lap. Her hair tumbled loosely about her shoulders as she wrapped her thighs around his waist. 

"Good, I'd rather do this than read anyway" she whispered.

She leaned down and kissed him. It made her shiver, knowing that this was her authority figure. This was her English teacher, and he was about to teach her a lot more than what the school expected. Lora swayed her hips on Mr. Coltt's lap and he sighed, undulating his own hips against her. She could feel his cock, pressing up against the material of his pants. Her hand snaked down his chest and grabbed hold of it. He was almost panting already; he'd been dreaming about this for so long that the level of excitement was almost unbearable. His hand found her breasts, which he fondled and squeezed through her shirt as she kept her grip on his cock, and her tongue in his mouth. Anxiously, he took her by the hair and pulled it, Lora's head tilted back and she moaned quietly. He nuzzled her neck as he kissed, tracing his tongue up and down. He pushed her hands away from his pants as he struggled with his belt, finally undoing it and unzipping, freeing his throbbing cock from it's denim prison. Her eyes lit up as he released her hair so she could look down. Her hands surrounded it quickly and squeezed the shaft. He watched her growing excitement as she began to stroke it, paying extra attention to the tip as she rubbed small, quick circles around it with her thumb, making his entire cock flex involuntarily. 

Mr. Coltt's hands roamed from her breasts to her ass, which was planted directly on his lap. He squeezed her cheeks, raising himself off the chair, setting her carefully on the desk. Lora held onto his shirt for support, but never took her hand off his cock. A few careful tugs on the legs of her jeans had them low enough he could see the top of her blue thong. Her jeans soon lay at his feet. Her breathing had become ragged in this time, and he grinned as she clung to him. Stroking her panties, he discovered she was already wet. He pushed the panties to the side as he carefully delved his fingers deep inside her pink hole, curling them expertly. Lora squealed slightly at his entry and responded by nuzzling his neck and whimpering as he continued to work his fingers in and out of her snatch. She continued jerking his cock with her hand, which was now standing at a proud 8 inches and now sported a thick coat of pre-cum. Unable to hold out any longer, he grabbed Lora by the ass, sliding her forward just enough, and plunged his throbbing meat inside her tiny pussy. She uttered a contented sigh and reached down to rub his balls and he groaned, pushing more, letting her fully surround him. She was so tight he couldn't believe it. It had been a long time since he had fucked anything like this.

She put her hands behind her and leaned back as her English teacher began giving her the lesson she had really been longing for. She sucked her finger innocently as she watched his prick slide in and out of her easily. Her legs wrapped propped up on his desk, as he held them in place as he too watched his cock invade her tight hole, dripping juices all over the place. He rubbed her clit and made her legs quake but not wanting the fun to end, Lora held off, making him work for a finish. He knew her type, wanting to get as much out of adventure as possible. He withdrew from her and stood back, rubbing himself. Lora pouted, rubbing her own pussy now, frustrated with his retreat. He sat down in the chair, pushing it back from the desk never taking his eyes off her busy fingers, working her clit with a sense of determination. Only a few minutes passed but she could no longer restrain herself, she had to feel that cock again so she slid off the desk, leaving a trail of juices behind, and lowered herself to the cold floor. 

Taking his cock in hand, stroking it a few times, she began eagerly rubbing the tip over her lips, flicking her tongue out against it quickly before engulfing the entire head in her mouth. His spine jerked, and he arched into her mouth and she let his shaft slide in her mouth further, vacuum sealing her lips around it, swirling her tongue like hurricane. Lora massaged his balls gently, using her free hand to slide between her thighs, impaling herself with her fingers. The sight of this gorgeous girl, his student at that, had him turned on to the point of no return. Watching her finger herself and the way her head bobbed up and down on his cock, even without the help of his hand in her hair was amazing. Soon his body tensed, he expected her to ease the intensity as he neared orgasm, but instead Lora picked up the pace as if she were eager to swallow his load. He grabbed a Kleenex from the box on his desk, in his experience, young girls were not swallowers, but Lora was not most girls. She made no effort to move as his body convulsed as it spewed forward ropes of cum into her mouth and down her throat. She swallowed with the eagerness of a student willing to learn. Now it was his turn to teach her a lesson of his own.

"An E for effort Lora, you've learned a lesson from someone else I see, but now it's time to teach you my own."

"You're my teacher Mr. Coltt, that's what you're supposed to do...isn't it?"

She spoke as she rose from her knees, running her hands over her tits. He grinned at her and got up from his chair, kissing her deeply, grabbing a thick handful of her hair. He twisted her around, shoving her forward, pushing her down onto his desk. Her perky ass stuck out, and as he pushed down on her lower back, she widened her legs for him to admire the view. He licked his lips, running a hand up her thigh and over her drenched pussy, underneath the string of her thong, which was now almost black due to wetness, he jerked it down, giving her ass a slap. He kneeled underneath her, looking up at her glorious pussy, admiring every part of it. His tongue ran up her slit and Lora jumped. He plunged his tongue eagerly inside her hole, lapping at the juices that covered her pussy. He sucked on her clit, and nipped at it occasionally. Every touch sent shivers up her spine and she moaned and sighed in contentment, clutching the edges of the desk with her hands, squirming over the assault of his tongue, which never retreated for more than a moment. He listened as her breathing became ragged, and her panting got louder, her legs shivered with every flick of his tongue, he knew she was close. He rose off his knees, leaving her struggling to cum. He caressed her cunt with his hand, which was dripping with the anticipation of a great orgasm but he did not pursue it.
