 Dear Literotica,

I have a story that I think you and your readers may be interested in. Its a story about a night between my girlfriend and myself.

Mariel and I had been dating for about a month before this incident took place. We have always had a very charged sexual relationship and have never shied away from new experiences. But this night in particular, I saw a side of my girlfriend I will never forget.

We got home pretty late one Friday night. Mariel had had to work late at her store, and I picked her up from work and took her back to her place. It had been a long day for the both of us, so we were both in the mood for a little down time. We had had our first argument the other night, and while we had worked it all out, it had left us with a little pent-up energy. We snuggled in her bed and just relaxed with each other. She asked me what I wanted to do. We had made plans to have a quiet evening the night before with a little firelight and even a little living room dancing. Unfortunately we never got a chance to do so and I suggested that this evening might be a good time to try again.

Mariel thought that this was a great idea, but that she needed to take a shower first. So after a little more cuddling, she got up to go wash-up. She looked over her shoulder and said, "Why don't you look in my closet and find something for me to wear. Anything you want". She gave me a little wink, and walked out of the room. A little dazed by the offer, I opened her closet and started to look around.

I had seen her in all of her lingerie, so I wasn't nervous about that. I just had no idea what she would be comfortable wearing. After agonizing minutes ticked by, I decided on a cute short black dress. I had never seen her in a dress before, so I was looking forward to the change.

I put the hanger on the bathroom door handle and started looking through her CD collection. There was a lot to choose from, but I settled on Sting. Then I went about the room and lit her candles. Mariel was a very sensual person, so her room was filled with candles. After I had lit enough to give the room a nice warm glow, I waited patiently.

I heard the water shut off, and I could hear her drying off. Listening intently I heard her open the door and grab the dress. What seemed like years later, She came into the room.

I should take some time to describe Mariel. She's a total bombshell. 5' 4'', 130lbs., shoulder length sandy blond hair and a dancers body. Her breasts filled her dress perfectly without being too big. Her legs were silky but muscular from years of dance. Mariel and I knew each other because I used to work at her store. From day one, I thought she was incredibly attractive, and I'd be a liar if I said I didn't think of her tight little body at least once or twice while masturbating. But I digress.

She sauntered into the room while I pressed play on the stereo. I walked into her arms and we started dancing. The rhythm flowed through us and soon we were swaying and grinding with each other. I twirled her around so that her ass was in my lap, putting both hands on her waist. I guided her hips with mine and she leaned back into me, moaning slightly.

So we danced until the song finished. By this point, I was really horny, so I reached down and picked her up. I walked over to her bed and slowly laid her down on to the surface. I leaned down and kissed her firmly. She likes kisses with pressure, and her hands ran around my waist and she pulled my groin towards her. We continued kissing, our pelvic bones grinding against each other.

Then I changed course. I broke our kiss, and began licking and nibbling on her neck. My hands ran down her lags, and then back up under her dress. A quick feel told me that she hadn't bothered to put panties on. Slowly, I began kissing down her body. I pulled her dress high enough to expose her stomach, and I began licking the skin covering her pelvis.

Then I continued my trek down her body. I reached her opening and inhaled deeply. I'm the type of guy that really enjoys going down on a girl. Everything about it. The way she tastes, the feeling of her in my mouth, the way her body thrashes and twists as I lick her. I'm good at what I do, and I enjoy it.

I started by licking the insides of her knees. Then I licked and kissed my way down to her outer lips. Slowly licking the area between her legs and her lips, I breathed heavily on her already moist opening. Occasionally I gave her clit a little lick, just enough to say hello, and then go right back to gently licking her lips. I enjoy teasing, so this was nothing new to her, but she still grabbed my hair and moaned. I placed my tongue at the bottom of her opening and gave her one big kick all the way up her pussy and across her clit. She began to grind herself into my face. 

Sensing that she had had enough teasing, I placed my lips around her clit and started to lick. Rapidly I ran my tongue over the swelled love button. Back and forth, then up and down, side to side. Her pussy was my personal ice-cream cone and I was going to enjoy it to the last drop.

During this tongue lashing, I was grabbing her beautiful tits through her dress. I massaged them around and pulled on her now erect nipples. Her hands were down at the top of her pussy, spreading her lips open so that she could feel every sensation of my tongue on her.

Slowly one of my hands came crawling down her body. Feeling every curve and every goose-bump, until I had the tip of my middle finger placed directly at the opening of her warm and incredibly wet vagina. She could feel me just barely entering her and then pulling out. I did this over and over until she pushed herself onto my finger, letting out a moan of pleasure and arching her back.

I worked my finger in and out of her while still stimulating her clit. Then I put a second finger into her and started rubbing faster. My tongue keeping pace, I licked harder and pushed my fingers deeper into her tight well of pleasure.

Soon her moans were replacing her breaths and her body twitched and curled in time with my tongue. "Oh fuck! Yes, keep doing that!" I could never deny a pretty face so I focused on licking her up and down, the way I know she likes it.

"Ahhhh!" She came hard, her vaginal muscles clamping on my fingers and her legs closing on my head. Listening to her scream in pleasure started me on a hard-on and made me uber horny.

After panting for a bit, she looked at me and said, "Okay. Your turn."

She pushed me on the bed and started taking my shirt off. Then she reached down and ripped my pants from me. She climbed on top of me and started to kiss me furiously. She reached down and started to massage my ever growing cock.

Up to this point, things had gone about normal. Not to say we were in a rut by any means, and I don't want to suggest that anything about sex with Mariel is routine, but the night hadn't turned into anything particularly mind blowing up till this point.

But at this point, this changed.

She reached up and grabbed my wrists and pushed them over my head. Putting all of her weight on them she whispered into my ear, "These stay up here, got it? Can you handle that, or do I have to tie you up?" I've been tied before and I was feeling really cocky, so I just smiled and was going to tell her she could do whatever she felt. But then she sat up and looked into my eyes.

I've seen Mariel a million times at work. She has a brilliant smile and an addictive laugh. Her eyes are soft and understanding. Then, once we started dating, I say a new Mariel. Her eyes were still soft, but now they were compassionate and loving. During sex they become needing and filled with pleasure and desire. I had never seen these eyes before. As she started to sit up, still wearing her dress, gazing into me, I new something was different. Her eyes spoke of more then desire. They were carnal. Animalistic. She needed something, and she was going to have it. No, not have it, she was going to take it.

My words caught in my throat as I became hypnotised by her stare. Slowly she began rubbing her pussy along my rock hard shaft. I gasped as I realized just how smooth she was, and by how wet she had become. She reached up and squeezed both of her tits together briefly. Then she climbed off of me and kneeled on the bed next to my cock. With one hand she started stroking me along my shaft. I could see her looking at my cock, gazing at it. Slowly she started to lean her head in closer, and her mouth parted. I could see the tip of her tongue reach out of her mouth. Closer and closer she came to tasting her juices on me and I held my breath, waiting for that first lick. Then, inches from sending me to heaven, she reached over and grabbed my sweater. "You don't need to see this." and then dropped it over my face.

Having had my sight taken from me, I could only feel what she did. But I didn't need my eyes. My imagination was more then ready to relay to me anything I needed to know. I could feel her licking my cock. Breathing heavily on it, she sighed and moaned. Leaning over she gave my scrotum a few licks before going back to my cock.

Finally, after licking for years, I could feel her lips wrap around the thick, hard rod. I groaned with pleasure as she started bobbing up and down on me. Her hand working in unison with her mouth. Pumping, sucking, moaning. I was breathing heavy, and I could feel myself getting flushed.

Suddenly she stopped. Not being able to see, I had to listen closely to hear what was going on. I could hear her take off her dress and reposition herself. Then there was a pressure on my cock. It was warm and soft, but I knew it wasn't her pussy. I could feel her hand pulling my towards her. "How does my breast feel against your cock? Do you like it?" With the sudden realization of what was rubbing me, I could feel my cock swell up even more as I recognized her erect nipple rubbing the underside of my shaft.

She continued to rub my cock on her tit, occasionally going back to suck on me to provide lubrication. I was moaning and groaning so loud that I was worried that her neighbor might hear me, but I didn't care.

Too soon the rubbing stopped and again I could feel her reposition herself. This time when she reached for my cock, she pointed it straight up. I could feel the head penetrate her vagina. Just the head slipped into her and then back out. Over and over she let me slide into her a little fraction of an inch deeper on every thrust. 

Then suddenly she slammed me into her. I inhaled sharply as she started bouncing herself on me. I couldn't take it anymore, I had to see this! I asked if I could look, but there was no answer, so I threw the sweater off. She was straddling me backwards, looking over her shoulder at me. She had never done this position before, and I had never had it done to me. The unique experience caused me to, if it was possible, become even hornier.

I lay there, watching this beautiful woman repeatedly impale herself on my cock. Again, I couldn't take it anymore. I asked her for permission to touch her. She simply looked at me with those firey eyes. Again, I pleaded with her to let me touch her soft skin. This time, her response was to turn her head away and moan. I took this as a 'yes'.

I reached forward and grabbed her hips. She sighed and began grinding on me. I guided her hips back to bouncing. I reached up and pulled her shoulders toward me, arching her back and exposing her breasts. With one hand on her hip, and one hand on her breast, I concentrated on feeling my cock inside of her. I could feel her walls squeezing me. She was so warm and so wet that even thinking about it now is giving me an erection.

Soon, I could feel my stomach tighten. I could feel the muscles in my groin prepare. I started gliding her faster, and I began to match thrusts with her. She sensed the change and was very compliant. Faster and hard I pounded myself into her. I was getting closer and closer to the point of release. Then she turned her head towards me and looking into me said, "I want you to come". That pushed me over the edge. I pushed myself into her as far as I could go, and came inside of her. I felt my self pump once, twice, three times, every pulse sending my higher on this ecstasy plane as I had the best orgasm of my life.

We remained motionless for a few brief moments as a beautiful tableau before I felt her lean back towards me. Her warm back resting against my chest as I felt us breathing in time. I turned my head towards her and she looked at me. Her eyes were back to their soft, loving, beautiful glow. I leaned into her and kissed her softly. When we broke, I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her towards me.

I wanted to say something. About the way she had looked at me, about how she moved me, about how I loved her. I nuzzled in close to her ear and all I could say was,

"Wow".