 It was a warm Saturday morning in March. My husband of one year and I were sitting outside on our patio on a beautiful day. Out of the blue and without warning, he asked me if I wanted to try swinging. I was 

shocked and, without thinking or even blinking, my right hand found its way to slapping him. Why would he want to be with another woman? What am I doing wrong?!? 

I met my current husband sophomore year in college. He wasn't like the football players I grew up with in high school. See, my father was the assistant varsity football coach, and whether they won or lost he would have the team over to the house for a post-game BBQ. So I spent a lot of time with them. I would ALWAYS hear them talking about their conquests. I was always of the mind that "Alpha-Males" are pompous jerks and I would never be with one. Probably one reason, I was drawn to my husband in college...he was smart, sensitive and well spoken. He was my first and only sexual experience in college. It wasn't until after college that things permanently clicked and he proposed. 

And here we are...a year after the wedding, where I pledged in front of God, family, and friends to be with no other man, and he's asking me if he can be with other women. I sat there shocked with my hand throbbing from slapping him. I stormed inside our home. Early that evening, he apologized saying it was a random thought and not something he really wanted to try. However, over the next few weeks, he kept bringing it up, as a joke. We'd walk by a magazine stand at Barnes and Noble, and he'd point out a mag cover with one woman standing in between two men and say, "Wouldn't you like that to be you?" He was planting the seed and trying his best for me not to take it so seriously. He wanted me to be more "open minded."

As the months passed, I began to wonder about swinging. What was it really? How could a woman who took marriage vows want to be with another man? Was it the experience, was it the man, what is it about swingers? The thoughts would swirl in my mind at random unsuitable times; at the local grocer, while watching HGTV, or on the phone with mom. Wikipedia helped a bit in my education. But it seemed superficial, there had to be something deeper. So I abandoned searching any longer. Nothing provided answers and this wasn't something serious anyway...time to move on with my marriage.

Do you ever find it funny how life puts you in situations and you learn many things about yourself?

A few months after the topic of swinging was first brought up, some college friends contacted me. They were having a study session and asked if I could help them. They were all meeting at David's house. David was a senior in college when I was a freshman, but we shared mutual friends. He moved back to the US after living in London for 4 years. 

My car was in the shop so my husband dropped me off at David's place. I asked him to come inside and catch up with the gang, but he didn't want to. He never liked David. So I gave my husband a kiss, a hug, told him "I love you" and said I would call when to pick me up. When I got to the door, my friend Shelly answered. She gave me a big hug. I walked in and caught up with everyone. Then David entered the room, and gave me a bigger hug that took me off my feet. I blushed a little. It was his home, so he was dressed more relaxed than everyone - muscle shirt, loose shorts. 

We all sat in the living room, reminisced about college, professors, and talked about their upcoming finals. Someone asked David how he enjoyed London. He talked about a few things, and then he said the word that probably moved in slow motion in everyone else's ears but caused time to halt in mine. "I was a swinger the entire time there." Swinger - I know what that is. They were all surprised, and someone asked what that was, but their questions and thoughts were superficial. I had an idea of what it was, and my husband wanted to be a part of that world - a world David had lived in the past 4 years. I couldn't stop staring at him for the rest of the afternoon. I then found myself drawn to sit next to him and began asking him questions; "How did you get into it," "What did you think of it?" And his answers surprised me. I tried to talk as softly as I could and usually only during a time when everyone else was caught up in a conversation. I don't know how long I was talking to David, but I realized that I had become very relaxed, and had kicked off my flip-flops and was sitting in a very comfortable and intimate position next to him. 

He talked about the openness of sexuality in Europe and how he primarily joined couples. He liked couples. He enjoyed that the husbands in Europe are more open than those in America, and when they realize that their wife wants more than what they can offer, they do their best to get that need taken care of. How wives are a very special creature that should be taken care of in a more specialized way and that requires a special man. I wanted so much to learn more, to have a long conversation, but I had to squeeze what small chats I could in between study session questions. Throughout our conversations, I could feel my face hot and my heart going a mile a minute. It was like he had me in a trance when we spoke, and study questions from the group would snap me out of it. After one intrusion I excused myself and went into the kitchen for some wine. I had to gather myself, "Susan, get a hold of yourself!" I came back into the living room, but this time sat on the couch opposite David, telling myself this is the safest more appropriate place to sit. I started getting back into the conversation with the group, but still wondered, "Why would a husband bring another man into their bedroom?" I glanced at David when he joined into the conversation. His shorts were baggy, and given my angle, I began to learn WHY he was in demand. At first I couldn't make it out, but then I did. It just dangled there, un-erect, and bigger than I had ever known. My first reaction was shock and disbelief, but my physical reaction...that was another story. My mouth suddenly got watery as if I was at the movie theater about to buy a dill pickle. It shocked me. I looked away, but it was too late. He saw me staring and knew what I was looking at....he smiled.

We continued with the study session for about another hour. I swear my face was red the entire time. I was even asked by Shelly if I was feeling well. 

When the group started to break up, Shelly offered me a ride home. As we were walking out the door, David grabbed my arm and told Shelly, "She's going to help me clean," and shut the door before she could say anything. 

Those sudden two seconds led my heart to beat a mile a minute. He put his arm around me and told me not to worry - the nervousness must have been all over my face. He said he wanted to talk. He grabbed my hand, like an old boyfriend, and led me to the couch. He has never grabbed my hand before. My feet felt like heavy and cold like stone. As if they were pulling me back, anchoring me to the ground but not strong enough to oppose walking with him. He sat me on the couch, asked me to please sit and relax for a minute, and went to get us some wine. He could tell I was nervous and very uncomfortable, and sat away from me at the other end of the couch. He sat with his back to the armrest and placed his legs on the couch, and asked in a very comforting voice; "Susan, why are you so curious about swinging? You were the only one here that asked insightful questions." I tried to avoid answering him directly, I responded with one poor lie after another. But he didn't buy any of my reasons. 

Then I told him, "My husband wanted us to try it." 

"Ahhhh," THAT he believed. 

He knew my husband in college, but they never got along. David was more boisterous, active, and disruptive while my husband was more the intellectual. Once I confessed why I was curious, the roles reversed. It was his turn to ask questions. 

"What did I think, what was my reaction, how did I feel, what did I think of him swinging???" With each question and answer I began to feel more at ease. Perhaps the wine helped. Again, I kicked off my flip-flops and began to relax on the couch too. This turned into a real discussion.

He began going more in-depth with why and how he began swinging. He enjoys playing his part in the world, and he can't imagine living any other way. As he talked, I couldn't help being captivated by his enthusiasm. I also couldn't get the picture out of my head of what I saw earlier, and would instinctively glance in that direction occasionally. Not sure why - did I think it was going to come out? I kept telling myself I didn't see what I thought I saw - it couldn't be that big. 

Not sure how or when it happened, but at some point while I was talking, he had grabbed my foot and began massaging it. When I did notice, I was a bit taken back but at the same time a little voice inside me said, "Thank God, I painted my toenails." Strange I know. So there I was, captivated with his take on swinging, and at the same time getting a GREAT foot massage and feeling more and more relaxed.

Then he said it, "One thing you master is controlling a woman's body from head to toe." Especially a wife. 

I foolishly said "Like what?" 

It happened very quickly, but at the same time very slowly in my mind. He lifted my right foot, and slowly my big toe disappeared into his mouth. What happened to me next was the most amazing moment ever. All of a sudden, lightning exploded down my leg, up my thigh and through my spine. My whole body exploded in goose bumps. I found my back arching, body shaking and mouth gasping. It lasted maybe one second, maybe less, but I'm sure my face had an O.M.F.G expression. 

He slowly slid my toe out of his mouth and continued massaging the same foot without skipping a beat. He then quickly began talking about how I should swing. "Marriage goes both ways, Susan, and if you love your husband, then you should do it. After all, his asking is giving consent to explore and you should take it seriously." You know what, he made sense. He continued talking about the special role of wives in making their husbands happy by swinging, and I listened. I listened intently. He didn't talk for too long, but long enough for me to be surprised by him taking my left big toe and sliping it into his mouth again. Same result. 

"What was he doing to me?" is what I thought. It was as if I no longer had control of my body. I wasn't telling it to move or shake, I had no part in that control. But he did, he made my body move against my will or thought. It was listening to him. 

He then told me how he ran into my husband few months ago at the gym. I was surprised. He continued to mention that they showered in the same area, and that my husband had reminded him of other husbands he met in London, so he's not surprised that he asked me to swing. 

I asked, "How so?" 

He said, "He's lacking." 

"In what?" 

"In this." He quickly pulled down his zipper and lifted it out and, with a thump, laid it next to my foot. The glance I had stolen from him earlier was now affirmed...it was that big.

I'm 5'7'' and wear a shoe size 6. I've lain in bed with my husband many night,and when he is erect, I have noticed my foot is always longer than his endowment. David was not erect, and my foot was small in comparison. My 

mouth dropped and my heart was racing! The image of it and the difference in scale between "that" and my foot seemed unreal. It was...intimidating, how could it naturally be that big? 

I intentionally didn't think it, but somehow, my big toe moved over and brushed across it. That was all the indication he needed for consent, and it was not my mind that gave it. In one quick movement he grabbed my ankles and pulled me across the couch towards him. I landed on his lap with my mouth open, gasping for air. He saw it as an invitation, and before I knew it, I was making out with David. 

His tongue was much larger than what my senses attributed to a kiss, and he kissed with passion, and surprisingly I found myself kissing back. Was I really doing this? David was a friend, how can I be kissing a friend. As we kissed, I felt something warm and continually moving up my right thigh. I knew what it was. 

I'm not sure how long we kissed...it was quite a long embrace, but eventually, and with gentle care, he carried me off to his bedroom. The door never closed. He carried me into the bedroom; my senses must have been on EXTREME-sensitivity because as he began to stand me up, I could feel almost every fiber of the carpet touch the bottom of my foot. We both stood facing each other in his bedroom, arms wrapped around one another...kissing. As if anything could startle me at this point, there I was startled by my phone ringing. The ringtone identified it as my husband calling. I did not move, I did not answer it.

As I stood there in front of him, a little voice inside me kept questioning what I was doing and telling me that I should leave. In hindsight, I'm glad I didn't. What happened next was the most erotic experience I have had having my clothes removed. 

He quietly moved directly behind me, I could not see him. All of a sudden I started feeling the sensation of tiny soft kisses on my neck and shudders. My grandma called them "angel kisses" and I loved them as a little girl. The sounds alone were adorable. 

His hands slowly appeared from behind me, and as I looked down and witnessed him very patiently begin to unbutton my blouse. My heart was racing. When he was done undoing each and every button with care, he slowly, and I mean slowly, began to remove my blouse by slowly dragging the fabric along my shoulders and arms. He wanted me to feel every moment. I just stood there and felt every fiber brush against my skin. Again, my cell-phone rang, and again, the ringtone indicated it was my husband. It RANG and Rang and rang, almost in tune with my blouse inching off my shoulders until I heard the faint sound of my blouse crumbling onto the floor. I heard a sign of approval coming from David's lips; he approved of my bra, cleavage, breast, or perhaps all three. I had worn matching red string Tanga bra and panties that day. I had worn that pair because my husband liked to see me in them, they were a gift from him, and because my husband and I had planned on some love making later when I got home. I didn't plan for anyone else to see me in them...no one else ever had. The phone continued to ring. It was so conflicting. Part of me wanted to run to the phone, but my my skin was invaded by goosebumps and my feet and legs were in concrete...and not going anywhere. This was going to happen no matter what my mind wanted. 

Again, the angel kisses....now with gentle blowing into my ears. My body was ultra-sensitive and everything was magnified. All my senses were on notice, all the hairs throughout my body were standing straight up. He then moved in front of me, calmly got onto his knees and began giving my tummy kisses as he unbuttoned my shorts. Slowly, very slowly, very very slowly, he pulled them off me, carefully lifting each foot out of them and tossing them aside as a piece of me I no longer needed. He arose and again disappeared behind me. All I could hear was my heavy breathing, and one by one I felt each of my bra clasps become undone...until finally only my shoulder straps and breasts were keeping it on. He moved in front of me and reached out for my bra grasping it firmly. He then began to pull on it. First, my breasts were released from the bra and lightly bounced on my chest. Then, as he continued to pull the bra, he pulled my arms forward until they were totally outreached towards him. He pulled one more time and my bra hit the floor. He stepped forward into my stretched out arms until we were closely face to face. I could almost hear his heartbeat; it was as fast as mine. I could see the pores on his face, his lips, and feel the warmth of his breath. 

His face slowly disappeared. He was on his knees again, giving my tummy kisses. Only one piece of clothing left...my heart beat faster and faster. Suddenly my phone loudly rang again - it was my husband. David moved his hands and held onto my hips. It was only a coincidence of perhaps fate, that I was wearing red string Tanga panties that day...panties that I would learn later were his favorite. He then wrapped his fingers around my panty line along my hips and gave them a slight tug. This was it...no going back.... He patiently began to pull down my panties along my hips, all the while gently blowing on my belly button and lower. 

My phone was ringing. 

He pulled lower and lower, his breathing moved lower as he followed his progress and my heart raced faster and faster. 

The phone was still ringing. 

My panties were below my waist, and the crotch of my panties created a little resistance. It was not dry. He pulled a little harder, and it slowly began to unwrap from my body. As he gently pulled, I felt something, a drop, flow down my inner thigh. I looked down, and saw it slide down my thigh, past my knee, until resting on my ankle. This was a first.

He pulled a bit more, and my body welcomed his attempts, and my legs parted a bit for him until the crotch of my panties was removed and the sudden exposure to air gave way to another exploding of goosebumps and tingling of my soul. He lovingly blew and kissed me around my vagina. 

The phone was ringing louder this time it seemed. Each ring seemed louder. 

I looked down and saw my panties in an unusual state. They were totally and without doubt soaked. "Did I do that? What made my body do that?" He glided my panties to my ankles, picked up my feet to step me out of them and tossed them aside. 

The phone was still ringing. 

Then he stood in front of me, totally dressed, while I was not. 

The phone stopped ringing. 

He leaned forward for a kiss, I got up on my tippy toes and we kissed. My phone alerted me to the arrival of a voice mail. I fainted.

When I woke up, I wasn't sure where I was. I opened my eyes, and everything was unfamiliar. Then I realized I was naked and I knew it wasn't a dream, it did happen, or it was happening. David walked in with a glass of water and very happy my eyes were open. He carefully helped me sit up and helped me sip a cup of water. He asked if I was ok. I was embarrassed that I fainted. How LAME was I? I laid back down, so so so embarrassed I wanted to hide under a rock. He lay beside me. I didn't realize I was covering my body up with my hands. He slowly removed them and told me it was ok. I turned to face him, and then we were kissing again. God, he's a good kisser. While kissing, he began to lead me back to a standing position. What was happening to me? I followed his kiss like a love-struck school girl. There we were again, like nothing happened, standing in front of each other. He was completely dressed, and me as nude as a new born baby. 

He politely asked me if I wanted to continue. If I did, I would have to undress him. That would be my consent, my approval, my...vow to be in his bed. I was nervous, my hands were shaking. So he helped, he guided my hands to the bottom of his shirt and helped me lift it over his head. He guided my hands to the button on his shorts, I calmly undid it - the sound of me pulling down the zipper still rings in my ear. The shorts were very loose on him so once I undid the zipper. They dropped to the floor like a curtain falling in a 60's Broadway show. It was unexpected and sudden, but there it was, standing at full attention. It was a lot larger than what I saw earlier. 

It was...Intimidating. He reached out, and grabbed my right hand, and pulled out my index finger, and slowly he traced it from the bottom to the tip and around and back again. I found myself staring intently and stepping closer as he did this, until eventually he let go of my hand and I found myself tracing on my own. One finger turned to two; turned to three, until eventually I was holding all of him in my hand. 
