 She approached the house slowly, feeling a mix of excitement and fear. She'd never done this before and she was unsure if it was even a good idea. The house had been easy enough to find. It wasn't even far from her own. That in itself added a little bit of nerves too. 

It was a simple enough home in a middle class neighborhood in reasonably good shape. The residents were more concerned about keeping all of their bills paid rather than showing off money. Some homes had carefully tended yards, some didn't. There was the odd car parked in the grass and two or three cars that were old enough to be called classics in various stage of repair.

She stepped up on the porch, more like a deck really, and moved to the door. It opened as she reached it and there was the man she'd never see face to face before, but had found a mutual interest with over the internet. He smiled nervously at her as she approached the door he was now holding.

"Hi" she said, smiling self-consciously.

"Hi, it's nice to see you." He said, looking as nervous as she felt. She wondered if her jitters were showing as plainly as his.

She stepped into the room and found herself face to face with a large puppy of indeterminate breed. A very happy puppy too, ready to give tons of affection to anyone in reach. A hissing noise from another part of the room revealed a cat that clearly thought the dog was a foolish creature.

"Don't mind him," the man said, catching the big pup's collar. "He just loves everybody. I'll still say the person that dumped him was an idiot."

He wrestled the dog through the kitchen and into the back yard. The dog looked a little forlorn, but went out and started carting a deflated soccer ball around.

After closing the door, the man turned and gave his guest a bit more attention. She was the same height as he was. She had a sweet open face and beautiful lips that just begged to be kissed. She had a few extra pounds, just as he'd known from the first time they traded e-mails, but those pounds were in all the right places. She had curves that many women would die for. Her breasts were very large and gave her figure a voluptuous quality that had him catching his breath. Her hair was long, dark blond streaked with brown. He always had a thing for long hair, no matter the color.

For herself, she looked him over just as much. He was brown haired and hazel eyed, which had long been her favorite features in a man's face. He was kind of a stockily built man which made him look a bit shorter than he actually was. But that was just fine with her. His arms and legs were heavily muscled, but not defined like a bodybuilder. She suspected that his appearance was more from heavy work in his past than anything else. The only odd part was his forearms. They seemed to have heavier muscle than his biceps. It almost seemed like he might have Popeye the Sailor's arms instead of what was usually normal.

He caught the look and grinned, "That's what I get for doing medieval reenactment for a few years. Swords take massive forearm strength from the wrist work. It has a tendency to stay with you even after you've retired from the game."

She smiled back at him, "It's fine with me."

He turned away slightly and she noticed that he was showing a bit of an extra bulge in his shorts. They'd been talking in email about a casual sex relationship to help them both with needs they weren't getting elsewhere. But this was the first proof she had that he was interested in going all the way. "I'm not sure where to start. Small talk feels like a delay for what we both want, and jumping right into it almost seems like not caring about anything but getting off." He said quietly.

Taking a deep breath she reached to his cheek and stroked it gently, "Jump in and show me how you care for a woman's needs, and I will do the same for you."

Releasing a held breath he turned and took her into his arms. Pulling her close so that her breast pressed hard against him, he leaned in to kiss her. The kiss was all she had hoped for, long, slow, deep and so intense that it only ended when they both ran out of air. His hands were now stroking her back as he leaned in to continue the kiss. She became aware of his hardness pressing on her thigh and felt her own arousal begin in earnest.

Breaking away from the kiss, he trailed one hand gently across her breast. Still under her blouse and bra, her nipple hardened and she gasped with the surprising intensity of the feeling. It had been a long time since she had felt that rush from someone's touch.

Taking her hand, he led her through the garage and down the stairs to the basement. It was finished in white with a cream colored carpet. It was also somewhat cluttered with two desks and a table, plus assorted odds and ends. There was also a corner that had several pillows and blankets and a small mattress. It was to this corner that he led her.

"I figure that all either if us has had in a long time was rut in the bedroom, so I wanted to do something different, even if it is a little odd." He said with a smile as he turned to her again.

His hands reached for her. "May I?" he asked, his nerves showing again in the tremble of his fingers.

She nodded soundlessly. He touched her breasts with care and strength combined, gently squeezing and rolling her beautiful 44DD cups in her bra until she was breathless from the touch. Deftly he undid the buttons on her blouse and slipped it from her body. Reaching behind herself, she undid the clasps and let her bra fall away. His eyes widened as he took in the sight of her wine dark nipples. He cupped one breast in his hand leaned forward to lick her nipple's hardness. Firm and ready it stood and he sucked and loved it as she moaned her pleasure. With his other hand he stroked and fondled her other breast, until it was time to switch his mouth to it. It would never do to not care for both equally.

As he sucked and licked her chest, she reached for him. Her own arousal was leaving her sex soaked and aching. She stroked hardness in his shorts and was rewarded with a low moan from him as he continued to lavish attention on her long unappreciated body. Tugging at the belt, she unfastened both the belt and the button beneath. She slipped her hand in and found him huge and rock hard. Another strangled moan from him as she stroked his length. 

Finally, he stepped back slightly and dropped his pants entirely. Then tugged his t-shirt over his head and stood there fully naked for her to see. He wasn't perfect, but neither was she. Perfection being little more than a dream to make normal people stress about.

Coming back to her, he unfastened her jeans and slowly tugged them down over her hips. He slid her panties down with them and let them fall at her feet. Now he was kneeling in front of her, with his hands gently caressing the fine hair of her sex and feeling for more. She threw her head back as his fingers found the lips of her pussy and gently rubbed their softness. She tangled her fingers in his hair and spread her legs as far as she could and still be standing while his hand reached and found her clit. At his touch it was like a shock went through her body. Her pussy was wetter than it had been in a very long time. Her nipples were so hard they nearly hurt but the pleasure was sooooo good she did not want it to stop.

His finger slipped into her moistness, her legs shaking so that she could barely stand. Then he leaned in and nuzzled her hair with his nose gently. Pressing in, he tasted her clit with his tongue.

It was too much; she couldn't stand upright any longer. Breathing heavily, she pulled away and lay down on the small mattress, opening herself wide to his touch. He smiled and sat down beside her, his erection rampant and within inches of her breasts. Leaning over her body, he reached for her sex again and began massaging her clit slowly. Her breathing was heavy and fast, he could feel the tremors in her body as she reached closer to climax. 

She was swimming in her arousal now, nothing but the feeling of pleasure radiating through her. He still had one hand rolling and squeezing her breast, while the other drove her closer and closer to a climax that she hadn't had in weeks. Closer the feeling came, she was panting hard now, sweat on her brow as he continued to stroke her body oh so carefully. He shifted his head down using his finger to hold her open, began licking her throbbing clit. His erection was now pressed hard against her breast, a little twist and she could take him in her mouth if she had the breath to do so.

"Oh oh, ooohhhh!" Her orgasm swept her like a hurricane striking land. He kept his tounge to her clit as she came in wave after wave after wave of pure intense sexual pleasure that felt as though it would never end. 

The intensity of that climax left her drained and weak. When she opened her eyes moments later, he was sitting up by her, his erection still rock hard and waiting for her attention. He smiled, not a smile of conquest, but a smile of satisfaction, like that of a craftsman at his trade. "I'm a little out of practice I'm afraid."

She laughed a bit, he'd given her an amazing sexual experience already and they had much more time to explore each other. She reached for his erection, sliding her hands gently up and down his shaft.

"Ummm...." he said, closing his eyes. "Your touch is so good and it's been so long for me, I may not last long the first time."

"No problem," she said with a twinkle in her eye. "I think I can bring you back up after your first release very easily." Then she slipped her tongue over his shaft and began to give to him what he had given to her. What they both so badly needed....... ------------------------------------------------

She gently sucked at his length, pulling as much as she could into her mouth and teasing his tip with her tongue. His head was thrown back, lost in the pleasure she was giving him. She could taste his pre-cum trying to ooze free. He wasn't kidding; it wasn't going to take long for him the first time. She sucked a little harder, drawing a strangled moan from him now much as he had done for her a few minutes before. She smiled at the thought and gently nibbled his manhood as she felt him swelling already.

She backed off a bit and reached for his sac. Gently massaging it, she wondered why it was so close to his body, it wasn't exactly cold. Carefully she fondled him. He breathing was growing heavier by the moment.

She slipped her hand back up onto his shaft, sliding up and down his length. He was going to climax soon and she knew it. Taking him back in her mouth, she began sucking and licking him even harder, determined that he would feel his climax as strongly as she had hers.

"Ahhhh!" he gasped and his hips bucked at her mouth. Quickly she pulled him free and started working his shaft with her hand again, but this time she closed in with her breasts and rubbed the tip against them as she stroked him to his climax. 

He swelled hard, then, suddenly reaching his climax, he showered her breasts with his seed. His entire body shuddered with each pulse, nearly doubling over with the intensity. Carefully, she licked around the head of his shaft, extending his pleasure even further.

Finally, he relaxed and opened his eyes. "That had to be one of the most intense orgasms I have ever experienced. Unreal.." His breath was still rapid and heavy.

Reaching back to her, he stroked her breast gently. Her nipple rose to meet his hand immediately. With a smile he leaned to take it into his mouth again.

The pleasure struck her with an intensity that madder her draw in her breath with a hiss. She needed this attention so badly and loved every single second. Glancing down, she realized that she still had his shaft in her hand and it had barely lost any hardness. Stroking him again, she began to tug him gently to her soft, drenched pussy. She had to feel his hardness inside her, all the way inside, as deep as he could go.

Feeling her pull, he shifted between her legs and let her guide him in. Her softness enveloped him like a gentle glove, grasping him, and bringing his arousal back to life. Slowly he started to slip in deeper, but she wrapped her legs around him and pulled him in all the way in a single motion. A gasp of breath was torn from them both.

He began to thrust against her, shifting himself nearly upright and tucking her legs close together in front of his chest. His thrusts came slow and deep. She could feel his tip touching her cervix on each motion, her body responding and drawing closer to another climax. 

Reaching around her legs, he began fondling and stroking her breasts again. Sensation was going to her head. Her breasts were tingling, the nipples so hard they nearly hurt. Her sex was growing wetter still as he thrust himself into her. Her climax was nearing again.

Slowing suddenly, he separated her legs and leaned forward to lick and suck at her nipples. Yet he didn't stop his thrust at all. Reeling from the dizzying sensations from her body, her head leaned back against the pillow and she closed her eyes, reveling in the new touch. Then it got stronger, his fingers worked into her sex and he began massaging her clit at the same time he was thrusting inside her.

"Ohhhh...." The orgasm started at her clit and rapidly filled her entire sex. She was pulsing, vibrating and shaking so hard she nearly passed out from the overload. His fingers continued to work at her clit as he fucked her pussy for all he was worth. Through the haze of pleasure, she felt him swell again. He started to draw out.

"No! Come inside me! I want to feel it! Please! Please!" Looking down at her, he smiled and thrust back into her body hard and strong. His breath came short and fast, his fingers rubbing her clit and holding her orgasm nearly continuous. 

The dam burst and he came to her, filling her body with his heat. Never did he let up on her clit, she came again on his orgasm and felt his come overflow her. Slowly, he lowered himself down on top of her, slipping his arms under her back and holding her tightly. Still he pulsed a bit in her body. Each pulse gave her a gasp of pleasure. 

Pulling back slightly, he tongued her breast again, then nibbled her nipple gently. "I hope you feel as good as I do right now. I haven't given pleasure to a woman in a long time."

She smiled. "You're just what I needed, someone to make me feel like a whole woman again." She ran her fingers through his hair idly. "I haven't let a man come inside me since I was married." The memory brought her down a tiny bit, but not much.

"Well," he said, and she was surprised to see him looking discouraged. "If you hadn't asked me to stay inside you, I was going to pull out, risk of pregnancy or not."

"I'm on the pill you know," she said with a smile.

"Wouldn't matter if you weren't, my balls don't work right. I'm genetically sterile. I could make love to every woman on earth and none would get pregnant." He smiled slightly, but there was effort behind it. "That may be why my sex drive is so high. There's such a small chance of a pregnancy, my body is trying to make up the difference. It can be fun, but there's a real down side to it. I'll never father a child." There was no longer lust in his eyes, only sorrow.

Moments later she was holding his head against her breast. Dizzy from the pleasure, but holding her own tears back as he let a long buried pain cry itself out on her chest.