 I was honest with you. I told you I had a fantasy I wanted to share, and you showed up prepared to live my dream.

I led you to the bedroom. In the middle of the bed, two pillows were stacked. Soft restraints had already been fastened to each corner of the bed.

"Do you trust me?" I asked.

"Yes," you replied.

I sat on the edge of the bed and told you to take off your clothes...and to make it interesting.

Smiling, you began to remove your blouse, your slacks, your bra, and your panties. Once naked, you stood there unashamed, looking me in the eye.

Without any word from me, your hands began to touch your cheeks, your neck, moving down to your breasts. You slid your hands over the two lovely mounds and across your nipples. After a couple of moments, you began to squeeze them, and began pinching and pulling on your erect and hardening nipples.

One hand slid down across your belly, stopping for a moment to feel its way through the short, curly pubic hair above the slit, which was barely visible between your legs. After a moment, that hand moved on, slipping itself back and forth across and along that slit. At the same time, your other hand remained on your breasts, touching, feeling, pinching, pulling, as your nipples got even harder and more erect.

The hand between your legs began to move faster, pushing harder, until one finger began to slip between the lips and move back and forth between them. As I watched, the finger curved and entered the hole hidden inside those orchid-like lips.

"Get on the bed," I said. "Face down, hips over the pillows."

You walk across the room, for a brief moment sucking on the finger which had been inside, and laid down as I directed. Face down on the bed, your lovely ass elevated and vulnerable. Standing even with your head, I stripped off my clothes, and, naked, moved around the bed, fastening the restraints which held your hands and feet.

I sit down on the bed, level with your knees, where you could not really see me. With your legs spread by the restraints, and lifted by the pillows, I had a clear view of your pussy and the pretty little bud of your ass.

Leaning forward, I placed a kiss on your ass, just inches away from your asshole. I felt you twitch as you felt my lips against the sensitive skin so seldom touched by others, and, you twitched even more when I flicked my tongue out and quickly tickled the sweet puckered rose of your asshole.

Sitting back up, I began to let my fingers drift across the slit between your legs. As you had done before, I slowly added more pressure until my finger slipped inside your pussy lips. I continued to move my hand and finger up and down, the finger sliding along the shaft of your clit and lightly touching its head.

I knew it would be sensitive at first, but, would gladly accept harder, faster, touches once it became aroused. I also knew that your actions earlier had started the process.

My finger continued to move up and down, and I began to feel moisture along the sides of the pussy lips. Pressing harder against your clit, I felt it slide more easily, until it seemed to slide effortlessly into your pussy hole. Lubricating my hand with the juices which were now beinning to flow freely, I slipped two fingers in and stroked them in and out, curving them in hopes of finding your G-spot.

Your hips were moving back and forth and you tried to grind your pubic mound against the softness of the pillows, hoping to put pressure on the head of your clit. Little sounds of eager anticipation rose from your throat. Moans and groans, and even words that you normally never said in public.

I pulled my fingers out, and thought I heard a sound of disappointment from you as I did.

I walked past you to the nightstand beside the bed. You could plainly see that my penis was erect and hard. I reached inside the drawer, and pulled out a butt plug, which I allowed you to see before I disappeared back behind you.

Again, I caress your butt, and bend and tickle your asshole with the tip of my tongue. Then, lubricating my fingers with the slippery liquid flowing from your cunt, I rub it over your asshole until it is slippery and wet. Slowly, I slide the butt plug into your pussy, getting it covered in your lubrication, and, withdrawing it, slowly slide it into your ass.

Now, I am on the bed, between your legs. I press the tip of my erect penis against your pussy. You are so wet, it slides right in. I push it as deep as it will go, and, after holding it deeply inside you for a while, I begin to slowly pull it out and push it back in.

I know that in this position, my dick is passing against your clit. The twisting of your hips, the arching of your back, the almost animal sounds coming from your throat tell me that your orgasm is near. 

I love it when you cum. It's such a beautiful moment and makes me proud and happy to share that moment with you.

Restrained as you are, you are at my mercy and are limited in what you can do, but, as your movements become more intense, I am excited to feel you tilt and rock your pelvis to bring your clit more in contact with my dick as it pounds faster and harder into your pussy.

Suddenly, your body tenses and shudders, I feel the walls of your vagina pulsating around my cock. Your entire body stiffens in ecstasy, and, just as suddenly, collapses, spent and exhausted, onto the pillows and the bed.

It is all I can do to keep from cumming. I pull my dick from your pussy, and, moving up the bed, I kneel by your head, holding my dick to keep from cumming. I put my wet cock, dripping pussy juice, to your lips, and you hungrily suck it into your mouth.

We have often shared each other's fluids, you sucking my dick after I have fucked you, but, this time as you suck my slippery cock, I cum and fill your mouth with my sperm and semen. My orgasm is so strong, there is so much cum, and the position is awkward, some drips out of your mouth onto the bed, but you greedily push your mouth over my cock, trying to capture every drop.

Finally, you have to release my dick so you can breathe. I bend and kiss your sticky lips and face, loving the taste of cum and juice upon your face and in your mouth. 

I rise and move around the bed, releasing the restraints. I carefully remove the butt plug from your ass, pull the pillows away, and lay down beside you, loving the feel of our naked bodies against each other.

You roll over to me and our sticky mouths come together, and, as we pull away, we both say, "You smell like pussy", and laugh in each other's arms.