 F5: Kay Submits to Bob

(Author's note: This story is an entry into FAWC (Friendly Anonymous Writing Challenge), a collaborative competition among Lit authors. FAWC is not an official contest sponsored by Literotica, and there are no prizes given to the winner. Every story for this FAWC begins with the exact same line. Where it goes from there is up to the author.) 

* * * *

Upon the table lay three items: a handkerchief, a book, and a knife. Kay stood there wearing impossibly high heeled black pumps and nothing else. As she gazed at the table, she felt both exhilaration and dread, a combination he had managed to make a regular occurrence for her. Her breathing was already labored and her pussy throbbed, despite the fact that her tummy was doing flips.

* * * *

Kay O'Dwyer knew he was dangerous from the first day she had met him just over two years ago. She had started working as a marketing associate for a small ecommerce company that sold accessories for mobile phones, tablets, and laptops. The products were high quality and stylish, and the small business concern was expanding operations to keep up with demand. It was budget season, and Kay was asked to take part in the budget meeting between her boss and Bob Spencer, the Chief Financial Officer of the company.

Kay had nearly gasped when she walked into the conference room and saw him standing at the head of the table. She was half expecting a short, overweight accountant with thick glasses and bad teeth. Of course, she was somewhat jokingly stereotyping him, but she was quite unprepared for his actual appearance.

Bob was tall and youthful, with an angular jaw that was squared at the bottom. His piercing blue eyes peered out from beneath a prominent brow, and he was clearly athletic and muscular. His short brown hair had the slightest hint of grey sprinkled in. As if that weren't enough, Kay was horrified when her first reaction to his full lips was to think about how they might feel upon hers.

After introductions were made, Kay sat beside her boss, Barbara Carter, who was the Marketing Director. She handed out several sheets of paper to each of them, detailing their desired marketing spend for the following year. Kay had worked hard on the budget and was proud of her work, and she didn't want to appear unprepared for the meeting. She found herself blushing every time she looked at Bob, unable to focus. She decided to keep her eyes on the documents in front of her instead.

She had been unnerved by him from the very start. At twenty five, she had grown quite accustomed to men throwing themselves at her. Her height was the only thing average about her. With her long black hair, bright blue-green eyes and high cheekbones, she was a beauty. She was slender, with wide hips and breasts that, while not huge, were quite ample for her frame. Ordinarily, she didn't much care for the overzealous attention men paid to her. Bob, however, barely seemed to notice her. In a reaction that surprised her, she found herself wanting him to notice her. It bothered her that he hadn't, and she couldn't understand why.

"You're asking for a million three, which is about fifteen and a half percent more than your budget for the present year," Bob stated, focusing his attention on Barbara. "Tell me about the revenue forecast."

"Oh, I don't prepare that," she replied. "Jim O'Neil in sales does that."

"Was he satisfied with your marketing plans?"

"He hasn't seen them yet. I wanted to get your approval first."

"What did you base this plan on?" Bob pressed.

"Well," Barbara began. "We started with this year, and added a few programs that we wanted to try."

"How did the programs work this year?" Bob asked.

"Oh, really good. We got a bunch of new leads."

"How many of those leads converted to sales?"

"I don't exactly know that," Barbara said after a brief pause. "We've never really tracked that."

"How do you know what works, then?"

"By the number of leads we generate."

"Are all leads created equal?"

"What do you mean?"

"Leads come from different sources. Is the lead quality the same for all sources?"

"No, of course not," snapped Barbara with irritation in her voice.

"How do you know what works then?" Bob asked again.

"By the leads. We...by how many leads we get."

Bob let out a sigh and looked over and caught Kay's eye. She blushed and looked away quickly, biting her lip. She was completely unnerved by him, and was feeling foolish. She wanted to do a good job, and now felt that the work she had done was incomplete at best. She vowed to herself that she would do better next time. Watching out of the corner of her eye, she saw Bob rise up and walk over to a closet in the conference room. He reached inside and pulled out a telephone book.

Did they really still make those things, Kate wondered. She watched as he brought it back and tossed it onto the middle of the table. He directed his gaze at Barbara again.

"Why would we spend over a million dollars to generate leads when we have an entire book full of them for free?" he asked.

"Those are just names," she replied. "They aren't qualified leads. We don't know anything about those people. We don't know if they're even in the market for our product."

"Exactly, Barb. Now you're beginning to understand my point. We need to gather intelligence when we do a marketing program. We need to understand what sources drive quality leads, and how much revenue we can get out of those leads. We need to measure how profitable each source is. Any fool can drive additional revenue into a company. We need profitable revenue. I don't want to spend ten dollars to deliver a dollar in revenue. That will put you out of business in a hurry."

"I understand, Bob. We'll go back and see what information we can backfill and try to make a bit more sense out of these numbers. Can we meet again next week?" she asked.

"That's fine. I'm glad we're on the same page now," Bob replied. He stood and turned to Kay, reaching out a hand. "I'm sorry our first meeting went like this," he said, shaking her hand. "I'm not always this ornery. Budget season seems to bring it out in me," he said with a smile.

Kay's breath caught in her throat as he held her hand in his. He was strong; she could feel it in his grip, even though he didn't exactly squeeze her hand tightly. The palm of his hand was rough, clearly the result of some kind of hard work. Judging by the looks of him, that hard work involved an awful lot of iron.

It was his eyes, however, that really caught her off guard. She felt as if he could see deep within her, thumbing through her thoughts and desires and knowing what made her tick. She tried to convince herself she was being silly, but the thought remained with her throughout the rest of the day. It remained with her that night as she lay in her bed, her hand finding her pussy without her even thinking about it. She came to him for the first time that evening, even though he was miles away on the other side of the city. Kay worried that if she ran into him in the office, he would somehow know. The thought made her do it again.

* * * *

Over the next few months, Kay participated in numerous meetings between Bob and Barbara. She found that she just couldn't get comfortable around him, finding herself entwined in an internal battle between fear and excitement. With introspection, she realized that it was herself she feared more than him. He was a dangerous man, but it was the way she craved that danger that truly scared her. His obvious inattention to her made it all even worse. She found herself trying to get him to pay attention to her, carefully planning what she'd wear on days they would meet. Once in the meeting, she found it difficult to maintain eye contact with him and often stumbled for words while speaking.

Kay had begun to masturbate with a high degree of frequency, thoughts of Bob filling her mind. She had become completely obsessed with him, which made their meetings in the office that much more difficult for her.

For his part, Bob noticed the pretty, bumbling young woman and how he affected her. He was quite amused at her obvious predicament, but never let on in the least. He knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that he was the subject of her fantasies. He could see it in her eyes as she blushed in front of his face. He would not, however, take advantage of his position in the company to make a play for her. He liked women that had submissive tendencies, and Kay certainly did. He wanted that submission to be at a personal level only, with no possibility that his position above her in the company played a role in what might transpire.

* * * *

Kay took the call at her desk, and was elated to hear that she had been offered a marketing position at Google. She'd be working in their Chelsea office as part of the ad sales team. She promptly gave Barbara notice, and during the evening two weeks later, she was sitting in a bar with her now former co-workers, enjoying a few goodbye cocktails.

Bob sat at the empty bar stool next to Kay, and she gasped out loud when she turned and saw who had sat beside her. He chuckled at her in response.

"Am I really that scary, Kay?"

"What? No. You just startled me is all," she said, fumbling for words. "I didn't expect you to show up tonight."

"But you hoped I would," he replied, locking his eyes on hers.

She didn't answer. She didn't need to. The look on her face spoke volumes. Kay blushed, color rushing into her face from her chest and neck below.

"You're really quite adorable when you blush," he said, causing her to blush even more deeply. "Part of me is sorry to see you go, but then....it does seem to present me with an opportunity."

Kay gave him a quizzical look as her tummy rolled over deep inside. "What do you mean?"

"You've been seeking my attention for quite some time now, Kay, even though the thought of it frightens you. Well, now you have it. It seems you leaving presents you with an opportunity as well."

She was prepared to argue, but she knew it was pointless. He saw right through her. Instead, she decided to approach it head on.

"I can't stop thinking about you," she offered. "I don't know what it is, but...I just can't." She lowered her eyes, unable to continue looking at him.

"It's time to go," he said as he got up off the bar stool. Kay rose, and they walked out of the bar together. Bob hailed a cab, and they rode quietly for the short trip to his apartment building.

Kay sat beside him, her heart pounding in her chest. She had never in her life done something like this. While she certainly wasn't a virgin, she thought herself a good girl. She didn't do things like this, and yet, she now felt powerless to stop. Worse, she didn't want to stop. She needed this.

They pulled up in front of Bob's building and he paid the driver, then opened the door and got out. He reached a hand down to Kay, guiding her from the cab and into the building. They rode the elevator up to his floor in silence, and he unlocked the door and led her into his apartment. Kay was shaking the slightest bit and she felt short of breath.

She barely even noticed her surroundings as he led her into the living room and took her purse from her, dropping it onto an end table. He put a hand to her cheek and traced his index finger over her jaw line while gazing into her eyes.

"You really are quite beautiful, Kay."

She smiled and let out a small noise in response.

"You've been trying to show yourself off to me for months. Now you'll get your chance."

"Wh...what?"

"Take off your dress, Kay."

She stared at him, the blush once again rising up through her neck and into her face. She had been naked in front of men before, but not like this. She was modest, and this just seemed so raw to her. She barely knew him, and here he was asking her to expose herself to him. Damn him, she thought. She gulped, then began to undo the buttons on her dress. Once they were all undone, she hesitated for just a moment before shrugging the dress off her shoulders and letting it drop to the floor. She was a little shocked that she had so readily complied with his command. She couldn't help herself. She needed to.

"Good girl," Bob said to her, causing her to bite her lip as she watched him take her in.

He took a step toward her, then ran his hand down her side and over the curve of her hip, watching her eyes as he did.

"Lose the panties. Keep the bra and heels on. I like them."

She obediently hooked her thumbs around the waistband of her panties and pulled them down, then stepped free of them. She stood back up, naked except for the black bra and high heels she wore. She apprehensively looked up at him, wondering what would come next.

He reached a hand behind her head and bent over, kissing her, his tongue finding hers, his teeth nipping at her lips. She recalled the first day she had met him and how she had wondered how his lips would feel on hers. Now she knew. Overwhelming. His hand found its way inside her bra, pinching a nipple a little harder than she was used to, causing her to gasp and want more. He played her body like a violin, seeming to anticipate every move that would make her melt.

He moved a hand down between her legs, finding her soaked. Her modesty was overrun by her need, and she groaned when first one, then another, and then another finger found their way inside her. He had pulled her head back with a handful of her hair, and was nipping at her neck as his fingers performed their magic. Her orgasm came quickly, and Kay screamed out as her body violently shook from her climax. Her fantasies had paled in comparison to the real thing. She stood before him, panting and shaking as she looked up into his eyes.

Scooping her up into his arms, Bob carried Kay into the bedroom and placed her on the bed. She lay there and watched him slowly undress, revealing a muscular physique and what she would later describe to a friend as a beautiful cock. He knelt at the bottom of the bed, looking down at her body, at her pussy in particular. She had shaven it clean except for a small tuft of dark hair at the top.

He bent forward and pulled her legs apart, gently kissing and nibbling on her dripping pussy. Kay looked down and watched him as she felt his lips and tongue sampling her. Fuck, she thought. He knew exactly what to do to her, and he did it. He pulled her lips apart and slipped his tongue inside her, wiggling it around and tasting her. She could barely keep still as he teased her like that, wanting more, needing more.

He moved his mouth up and took her clit between his lips, flicking his tongue over it as he slipped his fingers inside her again. He paid careful attention to the signals her body gave him, keeping her right at the edge of climax but not pushing her over. Kay begged and pleaded with him, then cursed him, but he still kept her release just out of reach. Finally, when he'd decided it was time, he took her orgasm from her as she bucked and moaned and screamed his name.

When Kay had recovered enough, she kissed her way down his chest to his cock. Grabbing it in her hand, she stroked it and drew back the foreskin of his uncut cock, flicking her tongue out and lapping up the clear pre-cum that covered the head of his cock. She let out a happy sigh before taking him in her mouth, slowly moving her head up and down as she sucked and stroked his shaft.

Bob lay back and watched her as she joyfully sucked his cock. He knew she was the type of woman that needed to please; he had sensed that in her from the start. She was determined to make this special for him. She needed to. By the time Bob groaned and bucked his hips as he filled her mouth with his cum, Kay had succumbed to yet another orgasm herself, brought on by the excitement she felt as she satisfied him. She savored every drop of his cum and licked his cock clean before finally releasing him and crawling back up on the bed.

Kay curled up on his chest and dozed for a while as he held her in his arms. When she awoke, she looked at him and smiled.

"Are you going to fuck me?" she asked, surprising herself with her brazen behavior.

"I noticed you've shaved most of your cunt," Bob replied.

"Well, yeah. I started doing that for my old boyfriend, and I just kept it up after we broke up. Is that a problem?" she asked with a puzzled look.

"It just doesn't look mine, Kay. I only fuck what belongs to me. Do not shave or trim yourself again. I will tend to you when you need tending to. Do you understand?"

Once again, Kay shook her head yes as she blushed bright red. She wanted to call him a presumptuous ass. How dare he assume that she'd even sleep with him again, never mind that she somehow belonged to him too. How dare he, she thought. But she knew how he dared, because he knew that she would, and that she did. She also knew it was exactly what she wanted.

* * * *

Some months later, Kay was naked on his bed and he was petting her pussy. Her hair had grown out and had become quite unruly, and he told her so. She squirmed as he tugged on it and ran his fingers through it, talking to her all the while.

"It's time I made this pussy of yours mine, don't you think Kay?" he asked.

"Yes. I've been waiting, Bob. I need....I need you to. Please."

He got up from the bed and went into the bathroom, returning with a battery operated hair trimmer. It had a guide on top that let you set the length of the hair to be trimmed. The guide could be also be completely removed, which is what Bob did. Her modesty showing once again, Kay covered her mouth with one hand and gasped.

"Oh, God. Are you really going to do this?" she asked.

"Didn't I tell you that I'd tend to you?" he asked in reply.

Kay nodded her head and blushed, causing Bob to smile.

"Just lay still. I don't want to nick any sensitive parts," he told her. Of course, those words made her worry all the more, which is exactly what he intended.

He knelt between Kay's legs and pushed them up and apart, fully exposing her to him. Turning on the clipper, he began to trim her, using his fingers to brush away the loose hair after each stroke. He trimmed very little hair with each stroke, ensuring that he'd have to pass over every part of her again and again. It didn't take long for her lips to begin to swell and her pussy to become wet with need. He could smell her need as much as sense it. Kay couldn't bear to watch as he worked on her, instead alternating between watching his face and covering her eyes. She gasped when he started to blow on her pussy as he swiped the hair away, feeling the chill as the air passed over her wetness.

When he'd decided that she'd had enough, he placed the guide back on the trimmer and started rubbing the back of it around on her clit. As the trimmer ran, it vibrated too, and it didn't take long for Kay to scream out as she came, struggling to keep still so she didn't get nicked. He turned off the trimmer and tossed it aside.

"Sit up and look at it," he instructed her.

Kay did as he asked.

"Now it looks mine, don't you think?"

"Fuck yes. It looks yours. It is yours, Bob. Please show me," she begged.

Bob smiled and positioned himself between her legs. He rubbed the head of his stiff cock up and down her pussy, allowing her juices to coat him. Using the index finger and thumb of his left hand, he pulled her lips apart and used his other hand to guide his cock into her opening. He slowly eased into her an inch at a time until he was fully inside her. He sat back on his haunches, pulling her with him, and locked eyes with her. He used his thumb to draw circles on her clit while he ever so slightly moved his hips. He wanted to make her cum while he was inside her before he fucked her. It didn't take long for him to get his wish.
