 First scent for a frat guy and his female professor.

Part 1

One of the best things about becoming friends with my student Lacey that semester was that while I was new to Austin she had lived there her whole life. She knew exactly where to go for things like stylish dresses for the midterm gala in the psychology department, or later, after graduation, when stuff got a little more intense, for things like club clothes, or even bikinis one time. Our relationship developed a strange rhythm. During the week, in composition class, I would teach her how to sharpen her prose and clarify her logic, or how to transform herself in a different sense—a deeper sense, I suppose—through the basics of yoga. But on the weekends, well, she started to teach ME things too. I guess I'm still trying to figure out what the lessons were, and whether I wanted to learn them. Don't get me wrong. It's not like she became the "main character" in the story or anything like that. She had an important role to play, sure, but it was just a role. I think we all know by now that in the end this is a story about me and Travis. 

Anyway, Saturday afternoon after our interview (when Lacey told me that scorching hot story about her threesome with Travis and Rhonda, and when she confided in me about her mother's death) she drove me downtown to this adorable out-of-the-way boutique where one of her friends worked and would maybe even give us a discount.

Nothing too crazy happened that day, and I'm not saying that anything ever did, necessarily. But the next part of the story will probably surprise you. It sure surprised me! I'm honestly not sure how I would play it now if I had it to do over again. I don't regret it, exactly, but its clear now, with the benefit of hindsight, that this was the moment when the professional boundaries started to get VERY blurry, and when I started to get the faintest sense that everything that was happening to me that semester was being driven and orchestrated by some larger power, that it was beyond my control.

Lacey had just pulled into a parking space in her beat up Honda (Matthew and I were trying to get by without a car to save money that year) when she reached across me, opened the glove compartment, and pulled out a long shiny, black cylinder thing that I didn't recognize at first. 

"You want to smoke some weed?" she asked me, not batting an eye. It was one of those new vaporizers that the kids use.

"Are you crazy!" I asked her. I was genuinely shocked. Here I thought I was consoling her for the death of her mother by letting her take me shopping, and now, suddenly, she wanted to get high? "I'm your professor. I could get fired for that!"

"Suit yourself," Lacey shrugged, raising the cylinder to her lips. Before I could do anything about it she was inhaling deeply.

"But you're driving!" I exclaimed. Lacey's car was a stick shift and I'd never used one.

"Don't worry!" she reassured me, exhaling in a rush. "All the stores I want to show you are within walking distance. I'll be sober long before we head back to campus. And if I'm not, we'll just grab lunch or something."

She put the cylinder to her mouth, and pursed her lips, and took a long breath in, holding it deep in her lungs. Then she sat there for a few seconds, closing her eyes and relaxing her shoulders. She exhaled slowly, almost luxuriously, filling the inside of the car with those rich, sweet fumes. 

I don't know why, but the sense of smell has always had a very strong effect on me. It must be something about the way that my nose is wired to my brain—to the parts that control memory, and reasoning, and especially pleasure. There are some smells—familiar smells—that I find just about overpowering: the smell of grease on my dad's clothes when he'd been working on his car, or whiskey on a man's breath when he comes home late, certain colognes, and, well, the aroma of weed. The thing is, I really like getting high, though I don't do it very often, and hadn't in ages. But every once in a while, back in grad school, Matthew would bum a joint from one of his philosopher friends and we would take it with us hiking, or to the movies. We always had a blast. Maybe I could ask Lacey for a little and surprise Matthew that night! One of the things I love best about weed is how aroused it makes me, and how hot the sex feels. You know what I mean?

Besides, I already told you last chapter about how crazy I was feeling that day: how I had woken up naked and alone after a long night of sex with my husband, playing the role of Travis and sweet-talking me into fucking him on the living room rug, how for some reason all the sex we were having with our new fantasy routine just made me want more and more, how I felt compulsive in that way that I do sometimes when I'm under stress and my libido is high, and how yoga that morning had only made me feel MORE off-kilter, what with Travis, and Lacey, and Rhonda in front of me (right under my nose) in a state of post-coital, post-threesome bliss, the smell of sex and arousal just pouring off of them.

.

Lacey could sense the wheels turning.

"You sure," she asked, angling her head, and narrowing her eyes playfully, "Believe me. It's the only way to shop!"

"How come?"

"Because it makes you feel AWESOME!" Lacey answered, laughing out loud. "The colors look brighter. And the fabrics feel smoother. And you just . . . well . . . LIKE yourself better. You feel more comfortable in your skin, you know? And you feel . . I don't know . . . more attractive too, I guess."

I knew what she meant. I always enjoyed the way that smoking intensified physical sensations, and enhanced the clarity of perception (Matthew explained the neuropsychology to me one time) and how it turned off that constant critical monologue inside my brain for two or three hours. The effect was not unlike the relaxation that follows an intense yoga session, I reflected. I guess in the end I thought it would calm me down. Besides, I really needed the best dress possible for the gala. 

"Alright," I told Lacey, eyeing her closely. "But you have to swear to keep this secret!"

Lacey nodded, smiling, and held the cylinder to my lips. 

The next two hours were a blur. The shop was in a cool, dim, cavernous space (an old warehouse) with miles and miles of racks hung with every kind of dress you could ever want. 

"Peggy meet Dani," said Lacey, introducing me to her salesperson friend. 

"Hey," said Dani, perusing me thoughtfully. She was a tallish, square-shouldered girl with her black hair buzzed on the sides and long on the top, swooping forward over her left eye. She was wearing a stylish white oxford with black suspenders and trousers and she was wearing it well. The neck was open and the collar was popped and her sleeves were rolled up to reveal her muscular forearms, crowded with intricate tattoos. She was an interesting character, and I'm sure that in someone else's story she'd play a major role. But not in mine. It's funny how you can tell that almost from the first moment that you lay eyes on a person, isn't it? Like with Travis and I. 

"You ladies looking for anything special?" asked Dani.

"Little. Black. Dresses," replied Lacey, her eyes sparkling.

"You know where to find them," said Dani, shaking her head and smirking. She was very handsome. "You have the place to yourselves for the time being, so have a blast."

Did we ever! We tried on dozens of dresses. Lacey was right. Once the effects of the cannabis kicked in it was like every dress in the shop was calling out to me. I couldn't get enough of seeing the different cuts and styles on my figure, and feeling the different fabrics against my skin. I tried on long, sleeveless maxi dresses that flowed down to my ankles, and short party dresses with fitted bodices and flirty hems (I especially loved the one with sequins), and tight tunic dresses that clung to my hips and breasts and showed plenty of cleavage.

"That one is hot!" gushed Lacey, admiring an especially tight tunic. "You really have the booty for it. Right Dani?" she asked. "Definitely!" muttered Dani, smirking, from across the warehouse.

In hindsight I can see that Lacey was very clever about the way she started slowly and then pushed the boundaries. At first she would wait outside the dressing room while I tried on pieces, fetching new things from the racks for me to try on next. But before long she was standing right at the open curtain (we had the place to ourselves, after all) and watching me change. After a while we kind of forgot about the gala and started trying on things just for fun. Lacey too. She was much more daring with her choices.

"I have got to try this one!" she exclaimed, stepping into the fitting room (the curtain still open) with a party dress on a hanger. She unzipped the tracksuit—I was surprised to see that she wasn't wearing a bra—and waved mischievously at Dani, stealing a glance from the register. Then she slid off the track pants and threw on the dress. It had a sexy v-neck bodice that was cut dramatically low (midway to her navel!) and a flare baby doll body with thin straps that crossed at the back. 

"Cute!" enthused Lacey, twirling at the mirror. "But not for me."

"Why not?" I asked. 

"I don't have the boobs for it," she laughed, turning to me, and cupping her pert b-cups from below. "You should try it though!" she said, scanning my chest. "It would look HOT on you! Don't you think so, Dani?"

"Definitely!" he said, a little louder this time, looking right at me through the open curtain, a little closer now. I had just pulled off a dress and I was standing there in my bra and panties. I felt a little awkward, sure, even through the cannabis haze, but with my decreased inhibitions I didn't give it much thought, enjoying the girlish fun. 

"She'll need the smaller size though," continued Dani, kind of sauntering across the warehouse to the appropriate rack. She walked right to the entrance of the fitting room and handed it to me. I hesitated.

"O come on!" prodded Lacey. "It's just for fun!"

"Okay," I shrugged, rolling my eyes. I was really enjoying myself at that point, and maybe a little carried away, and compared to the way that Lacey was acting (practically flaunting her tits for Dani every time she changed) trying on the dress seemed tame by comparison. I turned away from them and reached behind me to unclasp my bra, sliding the straps from my shoulders. Then I turned halfway so that Dani could hand me the dress. It wasn't until that moment, if you can believe it, that I realized that Dani was watching me in the mirror, my forearm covering my breasts, mostly. She was watching me very intently. I took the dress from her, watching her in the mirror. "Thanks," I told her, blushing fiercely. Then I lowered my forearm, my breasts spilling forward. 

Matthew always tells me that I have an "amazing rack"—the kind that "sneaks up" on people because they don't realize at first how busty I am. Dani sure seemed to appreciate my assets. With the fluorescent lights of the fitting room shining down on me it was quite a view! She didn't smile, or turn red, or turn away or anything. She watched me the whole time as I pulled the dress over my head, and arranged my breasts inside it, and considered my reflection.

"Wow!" exclaimed Lacey, as I twirled to face them, my whole body tingling.

"Wow is right!" agreed Dani, looking me up and down slowly.

"You sure?" I asked, twirling to show them the back.

"Definitely!" said Dani.

I studied myself in the mirror. I would never wear something like that in public, I told myself, but I loved it all the same. The v-neck bodice made my breasts look lush and full, and the flared hem was cut enticingly high.

"Maybe I should buy it for Matthew? For vacations or nights out?" I suggested, kind of thinking out loud. "Do you think he would like it?" I asked, fixing my eyes on Dani.

"Definitely!" she replied, staring right back.

I wouldn't say that I felt sparks, exactly, but I felt something. The funny thing (and I'm being completely honest here) is that I don't really have lesbian tendencies at all. Maybe it was something about what Matthew told me the other night about Claire's research: that female sexuality is all about the desire to be desired. Uncontrollably desired. Whatever the case, I enjoyed the fact that Dani obviously found me a very attractive young woman.

There were still no customers so after a while she made herself comfortable in a big plush armchair near the fitting room and watched Lacey and I try on dress after dress. Lacey was hilarious. She would throw the dresses at Dani after she took them off and then parade across the store, topless, in nothing but her panties, to find the next one she wanted to try. And pretty soon I was comfortable being topless with Dani too, though I stayed in the fitting room, mostly, while Lacey found the dresses. 

We tried on a few more racy numbers, just for fun, and then we settled down to the task at hand. Before long both of us had good candidates for the gala. Lacey was leaning toward a flowing black skater dress with a modest neckline that looked cool and elegant on her skinny body (especially with her new, short blue hair) but still showed plenty of those long, lean legs. She handed her phone to Dani and asked him to take a picture from the front, and a picture from the back. Then she grabbed it.

"For Travis," she explained, arching her eyebrows as she tapped out a text. It wasn't ten seconds before her phone buzzed. "I think we have winner!" she sang, blushing, and handing me the phone. He'd sent her a whole screen full of emoji faces with the eyes bugging and the tongue hanging out.

"Awwwwww," I told her. "Travis is so cute!"

"Sometimes he is," she countered, drily. Then she and Dani laughed.

"You should text your husband and see if he likes YOUR dress," suggested Dani. She must have noticed my ring. I handed her my phone, my eyes flashing, and struck a little pose. It was an elegant shift dress with a high neck and a bow tie at the back that just flowed down over my chest and hips (kind of concealing and suggesting my curves at the same time) and ended well above the knee. I was pretty sure that Matthew would like it—Dani and Lacey sure did!—but it was a departure for me so I wanted some reassurance. I couldn't hide my disappointment when, after five minutes of waiting and making small talk, my husband hadn't replied.

"You should text Travis!" suggested Dani, scrolling through my contacts. "We know HE'S available. Do you have his number?"

"No!" I told her, a little sharply. "I do NOT have his number."

"I do," said Lacey, grabbing my phone.

"Wait!" I told her, as she tapped at the screen, grinning the whole time. But she didn't.

I just stood there in my dress, fuming silently. I couldn't believe her nerve!

"O come on!" she teased me, sensing my disapproval. "He'll see the dress at the gala anyway, right? What does it matter if he sees a picture of it now?"

It made sense in a way, so I let it drop. Besides, like I told you, I was craving reassurance. Five seconds later my phone buzzed and Lacey answered, smiling, then tapping a reply, then smiling again when Travis answered.

"Well?" I asked her, crossing my ankles, and narrowing my eyes, my chest thumping. "What does he think?"

"He LOVES it!" said Lacey, making big, bright eyes. Then she hesitated. "But he doesn't think it's right."

"Why not?" I asked, just a little too quickly, my stomach in knots.

"Well, uh, don't take this the wrong way, but when I told him it was for the psychology department gala he said it was . . . well . . . WAY too sexy?"

"What do you mean?" I asked, my cheeks hot. I turned to the mirror and studied myself closely, torn between my pleasure at the compliment (I already knew that Travis thought I was hot, but a girl always likes to be reminded, right?) and my embarrassment at the rebuke.

"He says that he doesn't think it's right for an academic setting, not for a professor. He says it would be PERFECT for a swank club, or maybe a wedding, but not for the gala."

"Really?" I asked, watching Lacey in the mirror.

She nodded, shrugging her shoulders and looking apologetic.

"He's right," I thought to myself, as I studied my reflection again. I felt relieved. More than that, I felt . . . grateful. Touched even. I didn't want to go to the party as Matthew's eye-candy—his "girl" as the frat guys would say. I wanted to go as his equal. I wanted to go as a confident, beautiful, rising young academic star—like Claire—with places to go, and people to meet, and the right clothes for doing it. I appreciated that Travis seemed to sense that, at some intuitive level. Looking back on it, that was the moment when I started to see him in a different light, one he used to his advantage. Maybe Lacey was right about this guy. He was a hound, sure, but he was sensitive and respectful in his own way too. 

"Tell me more about this gala," said Dani, looking serious and thoughtful. I don't know what possessed me but I just plopped myself down in the oversized armchair right next to her and told she and Lacey everything: how uncomfortable I felt being around Matthew's colleagues because they looked down on me for being an adjunct, and how much I wanted to be on the tenure track too like my husband, and how the AMAZING Claire Diamond always had the PERFECT clothes for every occasion that were so professional, and imposing, and crazy sexy all at the same time that I wanted to stab her eyes out. By the time I finished they were both in hysterics.

"So let me get this straight," asked Dani, "You need something that's sophisticated and professional but sexy too, and you want to feel comfortable on the dance floor. Right?"

I nodded.

"I've got the perfect thing," said Dani. Then she stood up and walked into a back room marked "employees only." A few minutes later she walked back carrying the perfect thing.

"I had this on hold for a special friend, but what the hell, you can have it instead."

It was a khaki green dress with black tights and as soon as I saw them on the hanger I knew that they would fit me like a second skin. And they did. The ensemble was tight, sure, but in a good sense. The long sleeves showed off my toned arms, and strong shoulders in a way that made me comfortable with how the graceful folds of the dress clung to me, slightly, in the hips and bottom, and through the chest too. The cut of the dress definitely enhanced my natural bustiness, and curviness down below, but so what!? I'm busty and curvy. It's not something to be ashamed of, or hide, right? Besides, the color looked great on me. And I loved the way that it felt when I moved and the dress moved right along with me. I felt like I was wearing the perfect combination of a fantastic ball dress, and my yoga clothes, and some sophisticated costume for a sexy android scientist on Star Trek or something! And with the black tights the ensemble would be crazy cute for dancing. The only problem was the bust line. It definitely showed a hint of cleavage, maybe more.

"It's cut a little low, yeah," said Dani, easing up behind, watching me in the mirror. "But that's perfectly appropriate for a gala. Especially if you dress it up with heels. And with these."

She held some vintage, cut-glass earrings behind my ears so I could see the effect. She was right. I put them on. In the mirror I could see Lacey stretched out in the armchair behind us, looking strangely thoughtful. Pleased even. 

"What do you think?" I asked, turning to Lacey. 

"I think it looks amazing," said Lacey, and I could tell she meant it. "But if you want to know the truth we need to ask Travis!"

Before I realized what was happening she picked up my phone and aimed it at me.
