 Patty Carson and I got to know each other casually by having the same lunch schedule. We would join a few faculty members in the teacher's lounge to get away from the lunchroom chaos and simply enjoy a brief period of conversing with other adults. Even then, we could all be pretty silly, and Patty and I realized we both had the same offbeat view of life. We shared a sense of humor that sometimes bordered on being shockingly sick. Her biting wit and intelligence attracted me first. The fact that she had sea blue eyes, a gorgeous mouth, and a body to die for were just icing on the cake.

Both of us married, we still flirted with each other and then later began chatting on the computer in the evenings and weekends. There was nothing for us to hide from the other teachers in our friendship and we were pretty open about how much fun we had kidding around with each other. I'm sure there was some gossip because that is what some teachers do as a hobby. Neither of us cared; we were having too much fun. Besides, we hadn't done anything - yet.

One Friday night, I went to the high school football game without my wife. I had asked her to go with me, but she said she had absolutely no interest in sitting on hard wooden bleachers and listening to me talk about school with the other teachers. She had been a bit angry with me for some time for leaving an executive position with a large international company to follow my heart into a career that would make a difference in one or more lives.

Midway through the first quarter, I saw one of guidance counselors standing next to Patty, waving his arms at me. I went down the bleachers to say hello and noticed a huge grin on Patty's face.

“Hi, Patty. How are you, Dave?”

“Our girl here has had a little bit of wine and needs someone to keep an eye on her,” Dave grinned. “I've got to go talk with a parent about her child. Would you mind babysitting for a little while?”

“Sure, Dave. I'll be glad to watch her,” I laughed.

“Mike, honey, you are such a cutie-pie. Show me to our seats,” Patty said as she took my hand in hers. She was not slurring her words, but I could smell the wine on her breath and her eyes sparkled a little more than normal.

The September night was warm, so Patty was wearing a t-shirt and blue jeans which emphasized her well-rounded ass and muscular thighs. Her t-shirt was under a strain from her large breasts which she kept under control by wearing a special bra for women who were unusually busty.

As we made our way up the bleachers, Patty laughed and called out the names of teachers she spotted in the stands. She, too, was alone because her husband (I later learned) had no interest in her or her work. He had been very cold an aloof for several months and this was very difficult for someone as outgoing and gregarious as Patty.

When we sat down, Patty hooked her right arm around my left arm and I could feel the warmth and pressure of her right breast on my arm. Since I was already attracted to her physically and mentally, it didn't take long for me to become sexually aroused as I tried to focus on the game. The scent of her perfume wafted into my nose and I fought the urge to turn to her and kiss her hungrily on those beautiful red lips. We shared a lot of laughs and meaningful eye contact during the first half, and I perceived a sexual hunger in her eyes as well.

“Have you got a key to the building, Mike? I have to go the bathroom, and I don't want to use those nasty public toilets behind the stands. I really need to pee,” she giggled.

“Good idea. I've got to go myself.”

My mind began to race as I knew we would be alone in the building. I wondered if I could keep my hands off her.

We made our way to the school and to the restrooms. When we met back in the hallway, I impulsively asked if she'd like to see my classroom. I felt like a teenager who was hoping to steal a kiss on the first date.

“Come on. Show me your room,” she said as she grabbed my arm.

After listening to her compliments on how well I had decorated my room, I said reluctantly, “I guess we'd better get back before someone misses us.”

We both stood at my door and I turned out the lights. The lights from the hallway illuminated her face as she looked up at me. Without hesitation, I suddenly clutched her to me and kissed her fully on her mouth. Instead of pulling away, she pushed her body into mine and our mouths opened to explore each other with out tongues. He firm breasts were heaving against my chest and her pelvis was grinding into my growing erection. I grabbed her ass with my hands and pulled her body as close to me as I could. I ran my hands under her t-shirt, stoking the skin on her back. Then I ran my hands down into her jeans and gripped her naked buttocks. She gasped and put her face into my neck.

“God, I've wanted to do this for a long time, Patty.”

“Me too, Mike, me too.”

Her hands moved down to the button on my jeans and she skillfully loosened them so she could get her hands on my pulsing cock. I returned the favor and slide my middle finger into her already wet pussy. She groaned and bucked her hips against my hand. In the meantime, she continued to stroke my cock with her hand and rub the precum around the swollen head.

I pushed her jeans down to her ankles and she stepped out of them, spreading her legs slightly. I gently forced my finger a little deeper and curled it backwards against her g-spot, using my thumb to massage her sensitive clit. Her legs were quivering and her breathing was coming in ragged gasps. Her juices were running freely soaking my hand.

“Oh, god. Ohgodohgodohgodohgod.”

Her orgasm was breaking and she was up on her toes pushing herself while squeezing my cock at the same time. Her lusty excitement was bringing me to the edge of an orgasm myself but I wanted to delay it to see if I could come in her mouth or in her wet pussy. She was rubbing the head of my cock vigorously against her clit.

With her back against the wall, I raised her right leg, bent my legs to get under her, and she inserted the head of my cock into her dripping pussy.

“Fuck me, Mike. Fuck me hard. I want you inside me.”

I lunged upward and buried my shaft to the hilt. Now it was my turn to gasp.

“Oh, fuck, Patty. You are so fucking tight and wet.”

I pinned her to the wall and didn't move for a full minute. Finally I began to stroke slowly in and out as we kissed deeply.

It had been a long time for both of us since we had enjoyed sex. The passion and urgency lifted us to a level of coupling that was almost brutal. Now, she was grunting with every thrust just as I was. We were definitely in the throes of animal lust. Then she began to do something that I had never experienced before.

“Oh....god....you...are...squeezing...my...cock...
with...your...pussy.”

“I want all your cum, Mike. Cum in me. I'm going to cum again, baby. Hurry.”

The tingling in my balls was near the bursting point. I was pile-driving her as hard as I could. Finally, I was there.

“Here it is, Patty. My whole load. Ahhhhhhhhhhhh.”

My hips lurched upward as my cock began to shoot stream after stream of hot cum into her. She was screaming my name as her own orgasm matched mine in timing and intensity.

“Fuck meeeeeeeeeeeeeeee,” she wailed as she clutched me desperately.

With my cock still buried in her love hole, the combined juices of her pussy and my semen, overflowed and eased out around my cock and down both of our legs.

“What did we just do, Mike?”

“Patty, I think we took our friendship to a whole new level. Don't you agree this was the best faculty meeting you've every been to?”

With that, we both started to giggle. 

“Okay, big boy. When is our next meeting?”

“Honey, this one isn't adjourned yet,” I said with a smile.