 PART ONE

Before you read any further I'd like you to ask yourself one simple question: have you ever felt jealous? I mean TRULY jealous. I'm not talking about the kind of jealousy you feel when your boyfriend tells you that he got drunk at a business conference and slept with some airhead from the office, although that kind is bad enough. I'm talking about the kind of jealousy you feel when you watch the best parts of your husband—his heart and mind—being lured away from you, right under your nose, by a woman who the whole world seems to agree is smarter than you, and more beautiful, and just more desirable in every way. Well, unless you've felt THAT kind of jealousy then you probably shouldn't judge me for some of the things I'm going to tell you in this part of the story.

It all became clear to me the night of the midterm gala at the psychology department when Matthew and I entered the ballroom and saw Claire Diamond come striding toward us in her heels, and long legs, and tall, lean body. She looked cool and elegant in her black dress. It had had a high neck and a zipper down the front. It was short and tight. She was smiling at Matthew like he was some delicious morsel on a buffet table and she couldn't wait to sink her teeth into him. I glanced at him from the corner of my eye and my stomach dropped. He was smiling back, adoringly. 

"I LOVE your outfit," Claire exclaimed, stepping right to my husband and looking him up and down appraisingly. 

He was wearing the same slim-fitting suit he wore for our wedding (the nicest one he owned) and I have to admit he looked very handsome. "And you shaved!" she gushed, reaching her hands to his smooth cheeks and stroking them. 

It struck me right away as the kind of thing a lover would do, though I knew somehow that they weren't sleeping together, at least not yet. But I felt nauseous and dizzy all the same. They were just so . . . comfortable with each other. Intimate even. It was obvious that they were much closer than Matthew had let on. 

"And you must be Peggy," said Claire, turning to me, and leaning in to kiss my cheeks in her fake French way. 

That's when my world came crashing down around me. That's when I smelled her scent—that same, mysterious, musky note that I'd smelled on my husband a few nights before (on his shirt and hair) when he came home drunk from the bar, hungry for sex. I knew she hadn't slept with him yet (women always know) but I knew she'd thought about it. It was like I could picture all the ways that she'd flirted with him during Matthew's nights out with "colleagues," or in their daily interactions at the department: leaning in close to whisper some joke in his ear, or resting her head on his shoulder on the cab ride home. 

"It's so nice to meet you," I muttered, in a daze, my cheeks hot and my stomach clenched. 

The whole room was spinning. I reached a hand for the edge of the table beside me while my eyes scanned desperately for some fixed point to stop the whirling world.

And then I saw Travis, standing across the room, surveying the scene. He was studying my reactions closely and his brown eyes looked calm and amused, like always, beneath his heavy brow. Looking back on it I suppose it was the moment had had been waiting for all semester, biding his time, contemplating the angles. I can still remember the expensive, dark suit he was wearing and how snugly it fit him through the shoulders and hips. I can even remember the striped tie, and the silver tie clip, and the two-day stubble (not his usual look). He looked every inch the successful, cocksure lawyer he would become in just a few short years. Our eyes met and neither of us looked away. I was still too flustered from my interaction with Claire and he was too smart of a guy to look away from a girl at a moment of confusion. Of opportunity, I suppose. He just held my gaze. It felt good, I admit, to be looked at that way.

As much as I still feel some lingering bitterness toward Travis I can't help but admire his skill as a player—the way he maneuvered himself, carefully, day by day and week by week, so that he'd be right there in my thoughts, and in my line of sight, at a time like that one. A time of weakness.

Weeks later, after the semester had ended, and after the tension between Travis and I had played itself out, Lacey explained to me why Travis had picked me as his "prime target" in the Player's Club contest at his stupid fraternity. She told me that it wasn't simply because he'd scoped out my assets during yoga class, my chest and rear especially, and liked what he saw (boy did he ever!). Nor was it simply because he'd somehow discerned, in his cunning, weirdly perceptive way, that I was just the kind of female that he enjoyed pursuing and having sex with the most: a good girl with a wild streak a mile wide, with a passionate devotion to the thrill of raw, uninhibited, athletic sex with a guy who pushed my buttons, once I crossed the line. 

No. It was also because he'd noticed that there was a certain inequality between my husband and I. I was faculty, sure, so he would get TONS of points from his frat brothers for bedding me. But I wasn't on the tenure track like my husband. So it was a pretty good bet that I might feel some anxiety, and maybe even some resentment, about my professional status. Plus, I lived in the dorm. So there would be lots of opportunities for pushing the invisible boundary between work and home. But best of all, Travis had observed Matthew and Claire flirting with each other around the psychology department, and he'd even seen them alone one night at a bar near campus, dancing closely. He sensed the sparks between them and he calculated that there was a decent chance of tension developing in my marriage that semester. He suspected that if he put himself in a good position by coming regularly to my yoga classes, and enrolling in my composition section, and walking me home to the dorm and such, that he might "be there for me" at the decisive instant. 

I know that I've been lingering on the buildup of this story and I know that some of you are impatient. But I assure you that Travis was not. That young man truly LOVED the long game. He savored it. That's how he "scored" me. And boy did he ever!

PART 2

After the gala was over Matthew and I walked home in silence. I could sense his nervousness. He could tell something was bothering me, and I think he suspected the reason. He asked me once or twice but I shrugged him off. There was something I needed to know first. The first thing I did when we got back to the faculty apartment was walk straight to the hamper and fish out the shirt that Matthew wore to the bar on Saturday night. I held it to my face and took a long deep whiff. 

It was definitely Claire's perfume. Women are like trained dogs when it comes to the scent of a rival female. I inspected the shirt carefully, sniffing it all over. I could smell her perfume on the left shoulder and the collar but nowhere else. So I knew that they might have "cuddled" together, or maybe danced, but they probably hadn't fooled around. Otherwise her scent would have been all over him.

Matthew came into the room, looking anxious. I threw the shirt at his head.

"Are you fucking Claire Diamond?"

"What?" he asked, ducking his head to the side, just in time, his eyes feral with surprise.

"Are you fucking Claire Diamond?" I repeated, louder this time, stamping my heel for effect.

"Huh? . . . No!"

"But you want to, right? You've thought about it?"

"Peggy what's going on?"

"Her perfume is all over your fucking shirt you bastard!"

He stood there for a moment, surveying me carefully, my chest heaving in the tight dress.

"So what?" he asked, recovering his composure. "You knew that Claire was at the bar with the guys last Saturday. We . . . danced a little. Okay?' 

"With her head on your shoulder?" 

"I guess so . . . yeah."

He looked so sheepish and shocked I almost took pity on him. But then I pictured them dancing together at the bar, Claire leaning in close and whispering something flirtatious in his ear. It was easy to imagine because she and Matthew had danced together several times at the gala and I'd been struck by how comfortable they seemed as a pair, physically and emotionally. You can sense those things when you watch people dance. My stomach dropped straight down to my new heels and kept right on falling. 

"Do you love her?" I asked, my heart hammering.

"No!" Matthew responded, aghast, taking a quick step toward me. "I just think she's . . . cool."

"I bet you do!" I snapped, backing away from him toward the corner. "And beautiful too, right?"

"She's attractive yes. Obviously."

It was like getting kicked in the stomach and I lost all control.

"Oh yes she is SO attractive and smart and successful. And isn't it just SO fascinating the way she and her smart successful boyfriend have an open relationship. What do they call it? Responsible non-monogamy? Is that what you find so fucking 'interesting' that you'd rather be out dancing with her on Saturday night than home with your wife? Is that what you want? Do you want to have an open relationship like the amazing Claire Diamond and her fascinating Harvard professor boyfriend who lets her fuck other guys?"

"Jesus Peggy what's gotten into you?"

"You lied to me!" I raved, weeks of unconscious anxiety surfacing suddenly and just pouring right out of me. "You should have told me how close you two have gotten . . . are you unhappy with our marriage?"

"No!" Matthew implored, genuinely stunned.

"Do you want to experiment like Claire and her boyfriend," I mocked him, the tears welling. "Do you want to be 'responsibly non-monogamous'?"

"No," Matthew answered, but his voice was calm all of the sudden, more thoughtful. I could sense the transition and it made me feel even more nauseous. "It's just . . . why do you say it like that?"

"Like what?"

"'Responsible non-monogamy'" he replied, mocking my tone. "Why do you say it like it's, I don't know, like it's something immoral . . . or dirty . . . something you'd never even consider?"

"O my god you have feelings for her don't you?!"

"Not exactly. I don't know. I just think she's . . . really interesting and I'm learning things from being friends with her, and she . . . well, it's been great for my work. She thinks I have real potential."

"Oh I bet she does!"

"There you go again," Matthew chided me, rolling his eyes. "Always making things sound dirty and immoral."

"What on earth are you talking about?"

"Do you ever think it's ironic how you conduct all this intensive research on casual sex and hookup culture but you've never actually DONE any of that? How your professional life is all about the benefits of promiscuity and experimentation but your personal life is all about the comfort of monogamy?"

"So what are you saying? That you want to be . . . 'monogamish?'" I could barely bring myself to say the stupid word.

"No. I'm just saying . . . I just think it's an interesting idea."

"Do you want to have sex with Claire?"

"No. I just want to be free to . . . get to know her better."

"Oh I bet you do!"

I took my shoe from my foot and threw it at his head as hard as I could. Thank god I missed. Then I spun on my heels and exited the room and marched straight down the hall to the guest room and locked it behind me.

PART THREE

The next few hours were pure hell. I kept waiting for Matthew to knock on the door but he never did. I was lying on the mattress, tossing and turning, my khaki dress riding up my legs. I was dead tired but I was far from sleep. I kept picturing Matthew dancing with Claire. How comfortable and confident she'd looked in his arms. I felt sick with jealousy, and anger, and frustration.

And then I remembered something strange. Something that, however unbelievable it may sound, I hadn't consciously registered until that very moment. Something that I'd kind of stepped out of my body and done, almost separate from my will, during the long, agonizing two hours I'd spent making small talk and socializing at the gala, biding my time until I could get back to the to the faculty apartment, and vent my anger and hurt on my husband. I remembered that the second time I watched Matthew dancing with Claire I'd been in another's guy's arms. It was a slow song (there was a pretty good swing band that night, like always in Austin) and we were standing maybe a foot apart, moving in unison. The guy was much taller than me and he had a big, strong hand. It felt good against the small of my back. My left hand was entwined with his and my right hand rested lightly on his shoulder, firm and broad beneath the expensive fabric. And when I looked up it was Travis, gazing down at me in the tight, khaki green dress. 

I honestly can't remember how I ended up as his partner. I think I had been standing at the edge of the dance floor watching Claire and my husband, in a trance almost, and Travis just walked right up to me, and took me by the hand, and pulled me after him. When I looked up and realized my stomach dropped. Not in the same way that it dropped when I smelled Claire's scent, but just as powerful and overwhelming. We just looked at each other calmly for a few long seconds, taking our first, slow steps. He wore his usual playful, self-satisfied expression. I studied it closely, my expression blank. Then his scent hit me. Raw and sharp. 

I suppose that was the moment when something finally clicked in my brain. I'd known for weeks that Travis was dying to fuck me . . . that he was determined to make it happen . . . that every interaction between us was carefully calculated to achieve that one, single-minded desire. But dancing with him was the first time that he'd ever looked at me in quite that way: like he was certain that he was GOING to fuck me. Like he KNEW, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that it was bound to happen, and that when it did, we would both love it. That we'd want more and more. He was trying to play it cool but I could sense his arousal. 

The thing is, after that dance, I knew he was right, at least about the second part. I didn't think I would have sex with him, at that point. As often as I fantasized about him, and as often as Matthew played the role of Travis, I had never even considered the possibility of crossing the line. But after that dance I knew that if we ever did have sex, it would be incredible. It was something about the way he led me around the floor, spinning me away from him, and pulling me back to him, and drinking in my body in the instant between, calm and sure. And it was something about the way our bodies fit together, my small frame encircled by his. And I suppose it was something about how quickly and willingly I yielded to his control, like an instinct for pleasure.  

I've done some interesting research on dancing and arousal in the years since this story happened. Did you know that Charles Darwin once described dancing as, "the vertical expression of a horizontal desire legalized by music." He believed that dancing was basically a display of sexual fitness, a way to demonstrate to potential mates that you had the strength, and skill, and physical prowess that they desired most in a mate. Lots of studies have confirmed his theory in the decades since, showing that women strongly prefer the dancing styles of males with high testosterone, the same males that are most likely to give women more frequent and powerful orgasms, as numerous other studies have shown. 

To the casual observer there wouldn't have been anything worth remarking about the way that Travis and I danced together that night. But looking back on it, nonetheless, I suppose we were dancing the way that a man and a woman dance when they are showing each other how they are going to fuck. 

I still didn't believe that I WOULD fuck Travis. But after that dance I couldn't deny any longer that I WANTED to fuck him, deep down inside. It might seem like a silly distinction but it felt powerful when I realized. I didn't solely want to fantasize about fucking him. And I didn't just want to play-act with my husband. I wanted to fuck Travis for real. Or more precisely I wanted him to fuck me. I wanted to feel his hand on the small of my back, guiding me, and his eyes leering down at my breasts, just like on the dance floor, while we moved for each other, smooth and silent, enjoying each other's bodies. But I didn't want to be wearing the khaki green dress, and I didn't want him wearing his slim, dark suit, and I didn't want to be standing vertically. And in my heart of hearts, I didn't want to be facing him either.

"Don't' judge it," I told myself, my breath ragged, as I turned over on my stomach slowly. I was angry and hurt and craving distracting and I was drunk from the wine and maybe from Travis's fumes. "Don't' judge it," I told myself again. My tights were at my ankles and my fingers were probing and my thighs were already quaking. 

PART 4

I don't think I'll ever know what Lacey's motives were for helping Travis "bag" me. Afterward, when I confronted her about her role in events, she told me she thought it was what I wanted. She told me that she was trying to help me spread my wings. She told me that when her mother was very, very sick—and about to die—she begged Lacey not to marry young like she had. Like I had. She told her how important it was to experiment and fool around and have lots of varied experiences with sex. Lacey knew from our conversations that I'd done very little of that kind of thing, and she thought she could sense some lingering regret, some sadness even.

Whatever her motives, I can't help but admire her skill as Travis's accomplice. The way she used our interviews, week by week, to spark, and kindle, and intensify my interest. As the semester progressed we settled into a practiced rhythm. Lacey would come to the faculty apartment, usually after yoga, and share some new development about her AMAZING sex life with Travis, lingering on all the right details. Then she'd share some new development in Travis's ongoing flirtation with the AMAZING Claire Diamond. I'm pretty sure she knew, somehow, that things were going badly between my husband and I. Sometimes we'd talk a little after the interviews and I may have told her that Matthew and I had drifted apart in the weeks since the gala, and maybe even that we'd pretty much stopped having sex. I'm pretty sure she knew that Claire was the source of our troubles.

I remember one morning in particular. It was the week after the gala and Lacey and I had scheduled an interview for after yoga. I was showered and dressed and ready to start when Lacey texted. "Something came up at Travis's room. Lol. Imma be late." I just sat on the sofa waiting for her, strangely indignant, picturing them together.

Maybe 40 minutes later the doorbell rang and Lacey came striding into the living room in her customary tracksuit. She hadn't showered and she positively reeked of sex. I could smell her already from across the room and by the time she settled herself on the sofa the aroma was overpowering. 

"So what happened just now between you and Travis" I asked, my annoyance plain.

"I'm sorry I'm late," Lacey apologized, smiling dreamily, "but in all honesty I can't really be held accountable for my actions. I mean, have you ever smelled that boy?" 

She leaned in confidentially, placing a hand on my leg. I was wearing my usual interview outfit of shorts and tank top. 

"Jeeeeesus!" Lacey continued, holding my gaze. "That boy's scent is like a drug. Honestly. You know how scientists are trying to develop female Viagra? They should just steal one of Travis's t-shirts, and liquefy it, and put that shit in a bottle! Sometimes when we're fooling around, and I take his shirt off, and his scent hits me, I just go crazy. I start kissing and licking and biting him all over. His chest, and stomach and arms and neck, and his . . . armpits, especially his armpits. And you know what else," she asked, leaning in closer and biting her lip. "Sometimes I steal his shirts. Especially the ones he wears for yoga. I stole his shirt from this morning, actually," she confided, patting her oversized handbag.
