 Part 1

My husband Matthew and I overslept the morning after our little "date," which had been steamier than usual, I have to say. On the surface it was nothing special. Just the normal routine. I put on a push-up bra, and a low-cut top, and then I cooked Matthew a casserole. When he got home we ate it. I was so worked up from my fantasy session in the shower that morning about Travis (my frat boy student), and by how hot my husband looked in his professor outfit with the chunky glasses, beard, and skinny tie, that I could barely keep my knees together during supper. I didn't eat much. I just watched hubby chew his food, and swallow his wine, waiting for the moment. Then I led him into the bedroom, and stripped him, and pushed him onto the bed. Then I stripped for him, real sexy, and then I . . . what's the term? Oh yeah. Fucked. His. Brains. Out. For like over an hour. 

Again, it was nothing special on the surface. Just the usual sequence of "poses." Cowgirl with me on top to get the engines revving, then doggie when Matthew couldn't take it any more and flipped me over for some of that sweet tail, then missionary when he wanted to look at me while he finished. He pinned me to the mattress with his big belly and fucked me slow and deep, staring down at me and leering hungrily, and then I wrapped my legs around him, and he came hard inside me. What can I say? We got "carried away" again. My mother in law would probably wet herself with excitement if she knew.

Afterward, Matthew wanted to give me some special time with my vibrator, but I brushed him off. I'd come plenty hard that day already, thank you very much, and I was nice and relaxed from the serious boning my husband had just given me. Sometimes he really knows how to scratch that itch. I felt free and open, and, even though I wasn't planning to, we ended up having a long talk about my fantasy in the shower, when Travis fucked me. I don't know what came over me, but I just dove right in. 

Matthew and I are both academics with a strong interest in psychology, and both of us went through long, messy divorces between our parents when we are in our formative years. And both of us conduct research on sexuality and relationships. So we know all about the grim statistical likelihood of ending up in a sexless marriage. Sometimes when you look at in cold, hard numbers (just charts and graphs) it seems like the "sexless marriage" should just be renamed "marriage" to simplify things. Sometimes it seems like it's inevitable. Like if you actually STAY in your marriage (a full 50% end in divorce) and stay faithful too (some studies have found that as many as 60% of married people cheat) then you are practically destined to end up in a sexless marriage, eventually, at least according to the clinical definition, which is having sex no more than 10 times a year. Matthew and I are DETERMINED to avoid that fate using the only weapons that a couple has: communication and trust and a sense of adventure. 

Both of us were starting to get a little bit anxious about the recent drop off in our sex life now that we'd been married for a year and a half. We've been together for seven years total (we met at graduate school when I was 24), and we've always had an active and fulfilling physical relationship. But it's true that we settled into a predictable rhythm a few years ago (maybe one or two times a week, depending) until the excitement of graduation and the wedding sent our libidos through the roof. What had a VERY nice honeymoon in Costa Rica and then we fucked liked rabbits for the first few months we lived in the dorm. But for a while now we've been back to the standard rate of 1.5 times a week, and though the sex is still good, it isn't always fantastic anymore, like it was that night. 

I was feeling close to Matthew, and drawn to him, and I wanted more nights like the one we'd just had. So I told him about Travis, even though the shame nearly killed me. I told him about my feelings during class when Travis said what he said, and did what he did, and my feelings during yoga, and then talking with him after, and then Matthew teasing me about talking with him and showing me how Travis had looked at me, up and down knowingly, and how it felt to find Travis suddenly between my legs (so to speak) while I was remembering our honeymoon session in the hot spring and pleasuring myself on the shower floor.

Matthew was VERY understanding, to say the least, probably because he wanted to hear ALL the details about my fantasy very badly. I know what you're thinking. You're thinking that this is going to be some kind of cuckold story. But it's not. There's nothing wrong with that kind of story, of course, if that's what you're into. But Matthew and I aren't. That's not the guy I married. And that's not the woman he married. You're just going to have to trust me on that. 

Matthew is the kind of guy who loves me for the no-nonsense, straight-ahead, confident, creative woman that I am, and he's smart enough to realize that part of what feeds all that energy is the sheer physical and emotional pleasure that I derive from good sex: vigorous, athletic, passionate sex with a guy who pushes my buttons. Matthew LOVES it when that part of me comes out, and I love the way he MAKES it come out. I was feeling so satisfied by him, and bonded with him, and I wanted more. So when Matthew seemed into the story (and boy did he ever) I gave him some juicy detail. I told him how Travis flipped me on my back and fucked me in this teasing, kind of rhythmical way that made my breasts bounce wildly, and that he laughed down at me when he saw how much I was enjoying it, and how badly I needed it, and how hot my tits looked jiggling around on my tiny body. I told him how I wrapped my legs tight around Travis's hips and came hard on his cock.

"Wow," said Matthew, making big eyes. "That's sounds really hot."

"It was!" I replied, "But don't you think it's weird and gross. Fantasizing about a student like that? A frat boy!"

"No," Matthew said, shaking his head emphatically.

It was an interesting reply. I wanted to ask him whether he ever fantasized about HIS students, of course, but I also didn't want to be distracted from what really mattered at the moment: me. I had something to work out here, clearly, and I needed help. 

"I don't think it's weird at all," Matthew said. "It makes sense, actually."

"How?"

"It's neurochemistry!"

"How so?"

"Look," he explained, "we all know that teaching is a sexy business. I mean, the whole thing is just very libidinal. Why else would there be such a strong connection between how highly students rate the effectiveness of a teacher, and whether they rate her (or him) as 'hot'! If the teacher is a little bit 'sexy' in some indefinable way, then she (or he) will be a better teacher. And here's the best part: if they are a better, more effective teacher on any given day then they will feel more sexy afterward. Because it's been shown, in study after study, that effective teaching releases a small dose of dopamine, the pleasure hormone, the same hormone that gets released during orgasms, but in mega-doses. Some new research into the science of student/teacher "crushes" shows that, sometimes, this little rush of dopamine can become "focused" on a student who has made an active contribution to a good class. When our brain releases dopamine, we feel attracted to the object of our attention. It's that simple. That's what happened with you and Travis. It was a little bit forward of him, I suppose, to disrespect your personal boundaries and tell the other students about your yoga sessions. But at the same time it helped to break the ice. Then he confessed something embarrassing about him in front of the other students (his love of cheesy romance novels) and that made THEM feel relaxed, and then they opened up too. Get it?"

It made sense, up to a point. Travis HAD been very helpful that first day of class, and maybe I HAD felt a flutter of attraction toward him (khaki shorts!) at the end of the session when I realized what a good class I'd taught and received my little dopamine reward. But still, I asked Matthew, how did I get from a flutter of attraction in the classroom to coming my brains out on the floor of the shower with Travis's smug smile in my head and his big cock inside me? 

"That's simple too," Matthew replied, laughing, and tickling me in the ribs. He loves it when I get all dirty like that. And then he explained. You see, the initial dopamine dose was "reinforced" after yoga class, when I talked with Travis, and realized that he'd really learned something in the session because I'm a good yoga teacher too. I got another dopamine reward, just a little bit bigger, and this created a link between my first arousing "image" of Travis (khaki shorts!) and this new arousing image (sweaty t-shirt!) thereby compelling me to draw closer to the object of my attention, to fully experience it. So: when I was looking for a little escape and inspiration at the end of my shower, a little orgasm and dopamine hit to get the day started right, it made sense that my brain would "focus" on Travis, because he'd shown himself to be a good source of the hormone I was craving. Ergo, humping the showerhead like a mad woman while I pictured being Travis's fuck toy and coming on his cock!

The amazing thing about Matthew isn't simply that his research is about questions that truly interest me: Why are fantasies so powerful? Why do our brains love dopamine so much? Why do some images arouse, while others turn us off? It's also that whenever I REALLY trust him with some deep, heavy shit, he NEVER judges me or makes me feel ashamed or guilty. To the contrary, he was happy for me that writing had gone so well that day.

"It doesn't bother you if I fantasize about another guy?" I asked him, slipping my hand under the sheets and taking hold of him. I stroked him slowly, smiling mischievously. "If I fantasize about a hot student . . . a frat boy?"

"No," Matthew groaned, shaking his head, and exhaling hard. "Especially not if it turns you into such a sex fiend afterward."

I was so grateful for his understanding that I slid my hot, little naked body right down the length of his and gave him some amazing head.

But then, afterward, as Matthew was drifting off to sleep, I told him that I wasn't completely satisfied with his explanation of why I got so turned on by my fantasy of Travis. Because the really striking part of the whole experience was how I was the MOST turned on by precisely the aspects of Travis's appearance and personality, and really of frat guys in general, that I find the MOST infuriating and offensive. That knowing smile that seemed to cut right through me and tell me that Travis knew exactly what I was, and exactly what I wanted, even if I didn't.

"What's that?" Matthew asked, sleepily, his ears pricking up just slightly.

"You know," I answered, blushing. "All that stuff you call me: shorty booty, short stack, whatever. Basically, what got me off the most was when he looked down at me like we could dispense with all the play-acting because we both knew that from the moment he slipped his cock inside me, for as long as he wanted, I was nothing but his fuck doll. Plain and simple. That blew my mind."

"Hmmmm," Matthew responded, waking up for just an instant, and looking at me seriously. Then he crashed.

Anyway, when I woke up (late) the next morning and went to find an outfit for yoga I realized that I'd forgotten to do laundry and I didn't have a thing to wear. One of the annoying things about living in the dorm is that we have to use the communal washing machines in the basement with the undergrads. It's a real pain. I was flustered because if I didn't put on something RIGHT AWAY then I wasn't going to have time to for breakfast before yoga, and then I would feel like crap all day. It was Friday (another "off" day) and I wanted to keep the momentum going with the new piece I was writing.

I dug through the hamper, frantically, pulling out a seemingly endless succession of dirty yoga pants. They were all way too smelly to wear. So I pulled open the drawer in my bureau where I keep my hot weather yoga clothes (for those Texas summers) and pulled out the only bottom I could find: a pair of gray "sihouette yoga shorts" with a wide black waistband. I found a matching black sports bra, and slipped it on, and contemplated the results in the full-length mirror. I looked hot! I thought about throwing caution to the wind and teaching just like that. The girls would probably get a kick out of it. But then I remembered that guys show up at the class sometimes too (sometimes Travis!) and I reconsidered. I noticed a cute little burnt orange hoodie on a hanger in my closet. It has a zipper down the front and the word "TEXAS" emblazoned across the chest in big letters. Matthew bought it for me a couple of years ago during his campus interview at UT and he gave it to me as a surprise gift when he told me he'd been offered the job. I never wear it. I slipped it on my shoulders, and zipped it up, and inspected it in the mirror. Cute! I looked 10 years younger, somehow, like one of my students. It might be a little uncomfortable for the really challenging poses, but if it turned out to be just the girls then I could just slip it off and teach class in the jog bra. I turned around and stuck my butt out, trying to decide if the shorts were too racy. I knew they probably were. Matthew refers to them jokingly as my "booty shorts." They're not obscene or anything, but I guess he has a point. Screw it, I thought to myself. I was late. So I dashed into the kitchen. 

Matthew was sitting at the kitchen table drinking coffee and reading the newspaper on his tablet when I breezed past him. As soon as I turned my back on him, standing on my tiptoes and leaning over the counter so I could reach the nutrition bars in the cabinet, he was on me in a flash.

"Wow!" he gushed, his hands all over me. "What brought this on?"

"No laundry," I told him at first. But then I decided to play with him.

I smiled at him over my shoulder, bending over the counter a little further. He pressed up against me, right on cue. I wiggled my ass.

"Maybe I just appreciate the good, hard, boning you gave me last night, and maybe I want to show YOU a little appreciation."

"I appreciate it!" Matthew gushed, grinning like a madman as he stared down at me in the tight shorts.

"I KNOW you do!" I teased, grinding against his boner.

Then I dashed off to yoga.

As soon as I walked into the lounge one of the usual girls, Rhonda, noticed the shorts right away.

"Damn, Peggy, your booty is poppin' in those shorts! If I keep coming to yoga, can I have a butt like that? "

"Good morning, Rhonda," I smiled, brushing off the compliment (which I LOVED!). Rhonda is a beautiful, dark-skinned girl from Houston, and a real southern charmer. I like her because she's kind of short (like me) and curvy (like I used to be, before yoga) and because she's a scholarship kid who is outgoing and a hard worker and you can tell she's going places in life. What can I say? Everyone likes a happy story.

Other than that it was just the usual girls. We smiled at each other, and muttered a few sleepy good mornings as we arranged out mats. Then I noticed a new girl. Someone who surprised me.

It was Lacey Evans, from composition class. I made a point of learning her name after the first day because she struck me as an interesting character. She's the attractive girl in the front row with the tattoos and piercings, the one who flirted with Travis, maybe, even though he didn't seem like her type. She had her dyed hair pulled back in a short ponytail, and she was wearing this cool grey tracksuit thing with neon stripes down the side that really showed off her skinny body. She was standing awkwardly near the front of the room because she didn't have a mat.

"Here, borrow this one," I offered, pointing to my spare mat in the corner. I always bring an extra for occasions like these.

"Thanks," Lacey replied. She looked self-conscious.

"I didn't realize you live in Littlefield Hall!" I said. "Welcome to the class!"

"Uhhh . . . thanks, but . . . I don't live here actually."

I smiled and nodded, realizing my mistake. 

"I slept over at a friend's," she explained, recovering her poise. "And I've heard good things about this mind-body yoga class. So I figured I'd give it a try."

"Great," I smiled, wondering what kind of "friend" she meant, and who it might be. I had a pretty good hunch.

It was time for class to begin, so I gave the room a quick scan to see if any guys had shown up. None so far. Good, I thought to myself, standing in the front of the room, facing the girls, and unzipping my TEXAS hoodie. I was just pulling it off my shoulders and saying "Namaste" to the ladies when who should walk in—Travis and sidekick. Sidekick's reaction was kind of hilarious, actually, when he saw me sticking my chest out in the jog bra to slide off the hoodie. He stopped dead in his tracks, his eyes bulging. His jaw literally dropped. Travis got a pretty good view himself, I suspect, but he recovered himself quickly, elbowing sidekick in the ribs and scowling at him. I thought about putting the hoodie back on, now that there were guys in the room, but I felt too embarrassed, somehow, to let them know that it bothered me to be seen that way. So I tossed the hoodie to the corner and started class.

It was an interesting session. I tend to work intuitively when I lead a class, letting the mood and energy of the room dictate the sequence of poses, flowing from one to the next. We started out in downward dog, pushing our hands into the floor, and letting our hips swing backward, enjoying that delicious sense of relaxation in our back and butt. I held the pose for a long time, closing my eyes and breathing smoothly. I pictured Matthew behind me on the mattress last night, filling me with cock. When I opened my eyes I noticed that some of the kids were having trouble holding the pose. Rhonda and Lacey were in the front row and neither of them had very much upper-body strength, at that point. Their arms were shaking. But Travis was holding it like a pro. I did a quick scan of his new yoga outfit. He must have just ordered it or something, to look good for his new hobby. And he did look good, I admit. On the bottom he was wearing a pair of grey knee-length yoga shorts with a drawstring that fit him VERY snugly through the hips and pelvis and quads. And on top he was wearing a navy blue tank top that fit him snugly through the chest. "He has beautiful arms," I observed on the inhale, watching his shoulders flex. "And a nice bulge," I noted on the exhale.

I did another quick scan of the room to see how the other kids were holding up and when I came back to Travis's spot I noticed that his eyes were open now and pointed straight ahead, fastened on the girl in front of him: Lacey. She had her backside held high and enticingly in her tracksuit and Travis was really enjoying the view, judging by his satisfied expression. "He's staring at her ass," I observed on the inhale, watching Lacey shift her hips, subtly, like she knew he was watching. "I feel jealous," I observed on the exhale, flowing from downward dog into cobra pose and instructing the class to follow.

Cobra is one of my strongest poses. It's the one where you lie on your stomach, and place your hands on the floor near your shoulders, and then extend your arms beneath you as far as you can: raising your shoulders, and arching your back, and sticking your chest out proudly. I was facing the class and I knew that I was probably a sight to behold wearing just the jog bra up top. I could feel my stomach muscles tensing. I surveyed the room to check on the kids. Most of them were doing okay but when I got to Travis I was surprised to see how flexible his back was, for a beginner, and how far he could extend his lean, strong arms. "He has a gorgeous body," I observed on the inhale, watching Travis's eyes range over the assortment of female booties on display in the row in front of him. I watched his gaze come to rest on Rhonda's backside and I could swear he gave it a little nod of approval. "He's a dog," I observed on the exhale, feeling the resentment wash over me. We held that pose for a long time too and my eyes kept finding their way back to Travis. I could tell from the way he kept watching Lacey, somehow, that they were already lovers. And from the way she kept wiggling her ass for him, not so subtle anymore.
