 The plot thickens for a frat guy and his female professor.

Part 1

I suppose the next week is when I should have realized that things were getting a little bit too intense and real for my taste. But the funny thing about this entire story is the way that, in the time and in the moment, everything that was happening between my husband Matthew and I (and between me and Travis and Lacey for that matter) seemed benign somehow, positive even. And I guess in a way it was. It's something that I'm still struggling to figure out.

Saturday morning I slept later than normal and by the time I woke up Matthew was already gone. I picked up my phone groggily (it was almost 10 a.m.!) and saw the text he'd left me. "Thanks for last night, babe ;) Sorry I had to run." I rolled my eyes and laughed. He knows I love it when he plays the chauvinist jerk (as long as he's still his sweet sensitive self most of the time) and he knew I wouldn't really mind that he was at work on the weekend. I understood that he needed some extra time in his lab to finish the draft of an important paper. And besides, I was in no mood to complain. I threw the sheets to the side and stretched out long and slow and naked in the king-sized bed, watching the sunlight filter through the curtains while I remembered ALL the details of our late night session. I felt well rested, and well fucked, and truly connected to the man I love. 

The night before was nothing special, really, at least at first. Both of us felt exhausted from a hard week of pre-midterm stress and we decided to stay in. We ordered Chinese and caught up on our favorite shows. Then around 9 p.m. or so Matthew asked if he could read over the proofs for ANOTHER article he was about to publish (he was so prolific that semester!) and I shrugged my shoulders and agreed. We'd had sex several times that week already so I wasn't too disappointed. An hour later he was stretched out on the sofa in his undershirt and boxers, poring through his papers, while I did some gentle relaxation yoga on the carpet nearby.

I was wearing my panties and a loose t-shirt over my favorite red lululemon bra with the spaghetti straps, and I must have looked crazy cute because at one point I looked up and Matthew was watching me with a big grin on his face.

"Care to join me?" I asked him, flashing a flirtatious smile. Sometimes we did a little partner yoga, though not much lately.

"No thanks. I'm beat. Plus, I've got to get through these proofs before the weekend so I can work on my new article. Sorry I have to be at the lab this weekend."

"That's okay," I told him, "I could use the time too."

"What for?"

He seemed genuinely curious so I told him, sitting cross-legged on the floor.

"It's just, well, I'm not sure what to teach next in my composition class. Our little unit on 'affirmative consent' was a real hit, and the class seems SO engaged and passionate right now, and I don't want to lose the momentum. But the thing is that I've also FINALLY gotten some momentum going on my own writing. The interviews with Lacey have been fantastic and with a few more weeks I could probably finish a full draft of my article on hook-up culture and self-esteem. I'm excited about it, Matthew! I think it's really good!"

"You should just teach your research then."

"What do you mean?" I asked him, uncrossing my legs and easing into a forward bend. I felt a little thrill in my groin when I saw Matthew peering down the front of my t-shirt. 

"You should just assign them some of the things you've been reading for your own paper, and you should just go into class and talk with them about your research. That way you don't have to take so much time away from your own writing to prepare. That's what Claire Diamond does, and I've been doing it too. It was great advice, actually."

"I don't know," I replied, feeling that same surge of jealousy I always felt whenever someone mentioned the AMAZING Claire Diamond. "That might work for a tenure-track professor teaching Psychology classes, but I'm just an adjunct teaching basic composition. What if the Chair found out that I'm not covering the usual material? What if the students complained?"

"So what?" shrugged Matthew. "It's not like they'll fire you. The Chair knows that we're married. And besides, it's not that different from Claire's situation. She's teaching Intro to Psychology this semester, not some advanced seminar. But she's not using the assigned textbook or anything. She just marches in there cold twice a week and talks to them about her research. I asked her if she was scared of getting in trouble and she said something really funny."

"What's that?"

"She said, 'So what if I do? This school isn't big enough to hold me anyway.'"

"What does that mean?"

"It means that she doesn't really care if she gets a bad reputation in the Psychology department here because she's got her eye on bigger and better things. Her entire goal is to spend as little time and energy on teaching as humanly possible so that she can publish as many major articles as she can and get a job at an Ivy like her boyfriend. She is DESTINED for stardom, if you ask me."

"Oh my god!" I exclaimed, catching his look of fawning admiration. "You're attracted to her, aren't you?"

"No!" he replied, genuinely shocked, but laughing all the same.

"You are!" I countered, laughing too.

"No! No!" he insisted, "I just think she's . . . kind of cool. That's all."

"Yeah right!" I replied. "I bet you do." 

I eased forward a little further, stretching the backs of my legs and breathing deeply while I studied my husband's expression. Then I closed my eyes and plunged right in.

"So . . ." I asked him, "Have you fantasized about her?"

I know I should have felt jealous of Claire, but the thing is I would have been happy, in a way, if Matthew had confessed to me that he was attracted to one of his colleagues, and even that he fantasized about her. I still had some qualms about all the play-acting we were doing about how badly I wanted my arrogant frat boy student Travis to fuck me, and I suppose if Matthew was fantasizing about Claire I would have felt more like we were on the same level. But Matthew didn't confess.

"I don't fantasize about her!" he snapped, scowling slightly. "I mean, it's not like with you and Travis!"

I felt really stung. How could Matthew turn on me—and judge me— when HE was the one who'd encouraged my fantasies in the first place! I just sat there silently for a few beats, eyeing him coldly. Matthew realized how much he'd hurt me and he apologized right away. 

"I'm sorry, baby. I didn't mean anything by it. I guess I'm just tired or something. Besides, you KNOW I don't mind the fantasies about Travis. They've been great for our sex life! I think that's part of the reason that both of us are so productive this semester, even with the stress of midterms. It's just like what your research shows about casual hookups and mental health and all of that good stuff. It's like . . . I don't know . . . it's like the fantasies about Travis are giving us all of the psychological benefits that you've always argued that young people get from 'sleeping around' and having a variety of partners."

"What do you mean?" I asked, narrowing my eyes. I was irritated on one level (I wasn't sleeping around!) but on another I was curious.

"I mean that you're getting all the psychological benefits that come from the excitement of having a new partner: self-confidence, lower anxiety, creative inspiration, increased libido. It's just like what I was telling you about Claire's research the other day. You know, about how women in monogamous relationships need new stimuli to trigger their arousal. I've been reading more of her articles and I think you'd find them really interesting."

"How so?"

"Well, according to Clare, female sexuality is all about the desire to be desired."

"Huh?"

"She means that what arouses women the most is when they feel overwhelmingly desired. And according to her that intensity of desire is only possible with a new sexual partner -- a new stimulus. It's like your fantasy of Travis as this sex-crazed frat guy who can't keep his eyes off you in class! Claire did this cool experiment where she had men and women watch erotic pictures of men and women having sex and tracked their eye movements. She found that the men looked at the women almost exclusively, but the women looked at both genders. What turned them on were the desired female body, with which they identify, and the man's lustful gaze, for which they long. Like Travis's gaze. It's simple really: women want to be wanted. Uncontrollably wanted." 

"You think Travis wants me?" I asked, flashing my eyes. I could tell how turned on Matthew was getting with all that brainy talk about 'novel stimuli' and 'lustful gazes' and there was no point denying how turned on I always got at the mere mention of Travis.

Matthew nodded, long and slow. I had my legs splayed wide in a split and I was bending toward him, holding my toes. 

"How come?" I asked.

"I've seen the way he looks at you," said Matthew. He kind of leaned back into the sofa and looked me up and down slowly, savoring my assets. 

"He only looked at me that way like one time!" I teased. Matthew was always needling me about the time he "caught" Travis checking me out at the end of yoga class, back in the first chapter.

"I bet he was looking at you like that the other day when he walked you home from class . . . when he held open the door for you and you walked right through it." 

"You think he was looking?" I asked, playing the innocent. I crossed my left leg over my right and then twisted to the left, slowly, in a way that gave hubby an enticing view of my backside, or at least half of it.

Matthew nodded, smiling.

"I bet he didn't look." I shrugged, twisting a little further. "Why should he? He gets plenty of looks at me in yoga."

Matthew laughed, enjoying the banter.

"Yeah," he countered, "but not from the back. I bet that's the whole reason why he walked you home, the dog. I bet he had it all planned out: that he'd chat you up, and get your guard down, and then he'd hold the door for you and get rewarded with a nice long look at that sweet booty!" 

I eased out of the pose, my whole body tingling, and just sat there on the rug for maybe 30 seconds, watching my husband. 

"You know what Lacey told me the other day?" I asked Matthew, finally.

"What?"

I took another long breath and plunged in deeper.

"She told me that Travis thinks I'm hot. She told me that he's always talking about it after yoga."

"Really?" exclaimed Matthew, his eyes going wide.

"Yeah," I shrugged. "And you know what else she told me?" 

Matthew shook his head.

"That he was . . . I don't know . . . working me the other day. She told me that Travis is a very simple boy and that the only reason he walked me home after class was because he . . . well . . . he liked what he saw in the outfit you bought me, and because he . . . well . . . wants me."

"Really?"

I nodded, laughing. Matthew's eyes were so big I thought they'd pop from the sockets, and judging from the bulge in his boxers I could tell he was VERY excited. Then he asked something strange.

"So does he have a chance?"

It was all part of the game, of course. I knew that Matthew was just encouraging me to throw myself a little deeper into the fantasy. But I could tell, somehow, that deep down my husband was feeling anxious too. 

"Are you crazy?" I reassured him, batting my eyes and twisting slowly to the right. "What are you saying? That somewhere in that big, stupid Neanderthal brain of yours you actually think that I would have sex with Travis? Is that why you've been fucking my brains out for the last month? To keep me happy?"

"Maybe," replied Matthew, his face relaxing.

"But I'm his teacher!" I protested, twisting further to the right. 

"Yeah, I know you're his teacher," he countered, rolling his eyes. "Three mornings a week in the student lounge!"

I laughed again, exhaling in a rush, as I twisted just a liiiiiitle bit further. 

"Does it make you jealous that we do yoga together?"

"Should it?" he asked, his eyes fastened on my bottom.

"No baby, its just yoga!" I purred. Matthew laughed.

"Tell me about it," Matthew told me, sliding a hand into his boxers, slow and casual. "Is Travis good at yoga? Do you like doing it with him?"

It felt SO exciting to watch him take hold of himself that way, and even stroke himself a little while he watched me do yoga, and I decided that I'd give him the best show I could.

"He's good, yeah," I sighed, lying back on the carpet and stretching my arms above my head, my legs spread wide. "He's very strong. You can tell how powerful he is in some of the poses, especially his shoulders and hips. And his abs . . . hello! Can you say 'ripped?' But he's tight too. Lots of lean, muscular young guys are inflexible that way. He needs lots of work." 

I flashed him a saucy look.

"Do you think you can help him?" Matthew asked, his hand working just a little bit faster, but still slow and subtle.

"Maybe," I shrugged, my eyes closed tightly, stretching myself longer so that the hem of my t-shirt rode up, exposing my stomach. "But not in class. I think Travis would need a little personal session back here at the apartment. Maybe some partner yoga. Maybe some massage work too."

I kept my eyes closed tightly, my stomach in knots. It excited me, sure, our new game, but I was always nervous that I would push Matthew too far. That I'd confess too much and he'd feel hurt, or disgusted. I shouldn't have worried. I don't know how hubby moved toward me so quietly and quickly but the next thing I knew his voice was right in my ear, husky with desire.

"So why don't you do it?" he asked, his breath hot on my face. I opened my eyes and turned to face him, my heart pounding. He was lying on his stomach with his head turned toward me, his brown eyes glazed with lust. I knew what he wanted. I scooted over to him, and straddled him, and sat on his butt. I started massaging him slowly.

"Because I'd be too afraid," I told him, breathily, working his shoulders.

"Of what?" asked hubby, groaning with the pressure.

"Of what might happen!" I answered, laying it on thick. "You know how yoga and massage are SO good for libido and arousal, right? And you know how horny those college guys can get, especially the frat boy type. And you KNOW how badly Travis wants me." I paused for effect, digging my fingers deep. "What if Travis lost control? What if he couldn't restrain himself?"

"Awww Peggy," Matthew groaned, as I worked slowly down the length of his spine.

"What if he . . . I don't know . . . what if he got all hard and excited while I was massaging his back, just like I'm doing to you right now, and then he . . . I don't know . . . turned over or something!"

"Like this?" Matthew asked, turning over slowly. 

I laughed delightedly, rising off him a few inches so he could turn on his back. Then I eased back down. His cock felt fat and hard beneath my weight. I could tell that my panties were a little damp—already!—from all the teasing and flirting

"What are you doing, Travis?" I asked him, feigning surprise. 

He gave me that pretend frat boy smile that I love so much and I knew that we were in character now. 

"I don't know," Matthew shrugged, smiling cockily, his eyes devouring me. "Do you want me to turn back over?"

I bit my lip and pretended to think, wiggling my butt just a little, barely perceptible. I could sense myself moistening. 

"It's okay," I told him, pouting a little with feigned displeasure. "I need to work on your front side anyway."

I reached out my hands and started massaging his chest, slow but firm, through the undershirt. Matthew has let himself go a little bit in the last few years, with the stress of tenure and all, but he's still very powerful through the shoulders and pecs. I had to learn forward to reach him and he could see right down the front of my loose t-shirt. I felt his cock stiffen. 

"That's nice," purred Matthew, smug as can be. Then he reached down for the hem of his shirt and pulled it over his head in one smooth motion.

"What are you doing, Travis!" I exclaimed, trying to stifle my laughter.

"It's okay," he assured me, in a husky whisper. "It's just a massage."

I pouted again, biting my lip, and wiggling my bottom.

"Okay," I told him. "But keep your hands to yourself."

I leaned forward again and worked his naked chest, and then his ribs, and then the sides of his big hard belly. My panties were soaking!

"Awwww Peggy," groaned Matthew, as I slid against him subtly, in rhythm with my hands.

I closed my eyes and lost myself in the delicious sensations of his flesh beneath my fingers and palms and my lips against his hard cock, through his boxers and my panties. It wasn't two minutes before I felt Travis (I mean Matthew) moving HIS hips too, though I pretended not to notice. And it wasn't two minutes after that before I felt him reach down for the waistband of his boxers and work them down to his thighs.

"What are you doing!" I protested, my breath coming in ragged bursts as I massaged his naked torso.

"It's okay," he whispered.

"Ugh Travis," I moaned, biting my lip and sliding against him just a liiiiiitle bit harder.

"It's okay," he whispered again, holding me with his eyes while he reached one hand to his cock and held himself by the root.

"We can't do this," I gasped, kind of slumping forward.

"It's okay," he groaned. "Just go with it. You know you want it to happen."

"I can't!" I protested, pouting, leaning back now with my hands on his knees while I grinded my hips, abandoning any pretense that this was just a massage.

"Awww Peggy!" he grunted.

And then I did it! I pulled my panties to the side, still leaning back with one hand on hubby's knee, and then he smiled cockily, still holding himself by the root, and angled his cock so that my wet folds could wrap around him and slide along his full length, forward and backward, over and over. It was the perfect motion. His cock was pinned to his stomach from my weight, and my clit kept striking the ridge of his crown at the top of each stroke, shooting hot sparks through me.

"We can't do this!" I gasped, as my pleasure mounted. Then Matthew angled himself sharper, and I plunged my hips, and then he was inside me, filling me with cock.

I don't think I'd ever ridden a guy as long and hard as I rode my husband that night, or with such wild abandon, at least at that point. I bucked my pelvis, and ripped off my t-shirt, and the bra too, and I then leaned forward over him while I thrust and thrust, my breasts hanging and bouncing at his lips. And then he sucked them and bit them and licked them so hard they were sore the next morning, and so was my pussy. I rode him like that, right there on the carpet, for maybe twenty minutes and then hubby couldn't stand it anymore. So he picked me up and carried me to the bed and laid me on my back and fucked me good and proper, cumming deep inside me. We dozed off for a few hours and then we woke each other and had sex again, slow this time, before we drifted to sleep.

Part 2

Next thing I knew it was morning and I was alone in the bed, feeling happy, mostly. It had been a long time since my husband and I had sex twice in one night that way. I know that I should have felt satisfied, at least physically, even though Matthew would be working all weekend. Lots of women don't get nearly as much sex and satisfaction from their husband's as I was getting from mine that semester. 

But the thing is (and you have to promise not to judge me!) all the sex we were having just made me want more and more! You know how it gets sometimes when the sex is really good, with a "new stimulus?" When it stops being something you're doing because of some abstract idea about what you SHOULD be doing, or because it has all kinds of practical effects like lifting your mood, getting exercise, and bonding with your mate. Do you know what I mean? When sex—when fucking, really!—becomes something that's simply about pure physical pleasure, and passion, and then it crosses a boundary and it becomes a pure need. Does every woman feel that way, or is just me? I guess that's why it pushes my buttons so much when my husband teases me about how I SEEM all good and innocent on the outside but on the inside I'm really just a "hot piece of ass," a "fuck doll" if you will. Because the thing is . . . well . . . it's kind of true. When my libido is high like it was that week I can get a little compulsive about sex. I think that's part of the reason why I was always too scared for random hookups and friend sex and all that good stuff when I was younger. Why I always had sex in the context of a long-term relationship, except for a few experiments. I guess I was scared of the chaos.
