 This Chapter is about a guy I see most mornings on my way to work. You don't need to have read any of the other chapters to know what is going, because each chapter is about different guys. Some bits are fact and some are fantasy. The guys are real, but I've changed their names. Also the place where I work is a large department store in England. I've changed the name to York's.

Sylvia

.................................................

I leave my house around 8.40 to go to work. My uniform is a white blouse, tight navy skirt, just off my knee, or sometimes a little shorter; depending on how sexy I'm feeling. I wear tights or hold up stockings, usually tan colours, and navy shoes with a 3 inch heel. My breast are a C cup, I have long brunette hair, which I usually clip up for work. My legs always have attracted attention, and I do like showing them off, I always have, and I guess I always will.

Mark drives a big white van, he's a self employed painter and decorator. I see him most mornings, parked a little further down the road from my house. He waits there in his van to pick up one of the guys who works for him. I walk past his van while he sits there. He smiles and nods hello most mornings now, after the real event happened a couple of years ago.

I had been rushing around, and trying to get my son off to school, which isn't easy sometimes. I was thinking about my sister's upcoming birthday party, and a hundred and one other things. I slammed the door shut, and as soon as I did I knew I'd left my keys on the other side. I went through the usual silly bitch thoughts, and stood there for a few moments running through my options. To this day I don't know why I didn't phone my mum, and ask her to bring the spare key, or walk to school and get my son's. I could even have gone to York's and not worried about it until I had finished work for the day. 

I walked over to Mark who as usual was sat in his van. I asked him if he could help get me back in my house, using his ladders on the roof of his van. He got out and looked back at my house. I always leave the little window in my bedroom open, and I was hoping he could somehow reach through, open the big one, and then let himself in. 

"I'll give it a go," he said.

I prattled on about never locking myself out before, as he sorted his ladders out. I wasn't thinking any sexual thoughts about him at that point, not like I had done in the past.

Anyway he got himself in through my bedroom window after a few minutes, and let me in. I thanked him several times, like you do, and the next day I bought him a box of biscuits. 

So this is my fantasy about Mark.

"Hello Mark, I've locked myself out, again."

"Oh dear, not again, okay I'll get my ladder."

I watched his ass as he climbed through the window. I could feel butterflies dancing around in my stomach. He took a little longer than he did the first time this happened, and I knew why.

When he opened the door I could tell by the little sly grin on his face, he had noticed what I had purposely left so he could see it. I blushed and smiled a little.

"You're not working today are you?" he asked, as his grinning eyes wandered to my legs. 

My pink knee length coat was done up, but he could see my black fishnet stockings and black high heels, which he must have figured, went with my black PVC maid's outfit, which I had deliberately left hanging on my bedroom door. 

"Well, no, but I was just nipping down the corner shop, I'm out of milk. My boyfriend was coming round, but he cancelled just before I came to get you."

"I liked the little dress hanging on your bedroom door."

"Oh," I squirmed, "I forgot it was there."

"I tell you what, I'll go and get some milk, and you can make me a coffee. I'll phone the guy on my next job and tell him I'm going to be late."

I licked my lips and felt the butterflies thrashing the hell out of my stomach. 

"Okay, I'd like that."

"Oh, and maybe you could put that dress on?"

"Is that could, or should?" I asked feeling my face reddening even more.

"Should, and I think you should start cleaning up.....have you got that?"

I nodded, feeling my hands tremble at the way he almost spat the words out. 

He went off to get the milk as I raced up the stairs, as fast as my 5 inch heels would let me. Shaking fingers fumbled awkwardly with the buttons on my coat and, I took my maid's dress off the hanger and put it on. 

When he came back he found me bent on the stairs with a dustpan and brush. The front door shut behind me, and I waited nervously hoping he would like the view. My very short dress wouldn't hide my stocking tops, it wouldn't hide my creamy white thighs with the two black suspender straps, and it wouldn't hide my little lacy white panties, which never had a chance of keeping the globes of my backside from his grey eyes. 

"Stay like that," he commanded.

"Yes Sir," I squeaked submissively. 

I waited for a hand or something better to make contact with me. I jumped and squealed, as he ran the cold plastic milk container slowly over one ass cheek, and then the other. He dragged it down a little and in between my thighs. I felt the plastic cap run along the crotch of my panties, leaving little cold trails along my hot wet pussy. He rubbed it back and forth for a while, as I held my position with quaking legs.

Finally he took the bottle away.

"Stand up straight," he commanded firmly.

I did as he instructed and tuned round. 

"Your tits have fallen out of your uniform."

I looked down, already knowing they had jumped out. 

"Sorry Sir," I said as I started tucking them away.

I jumped again as he swatted my hand away. I held onto the banister as he gave me a deliciously sexy grin. 

"Bloody hell," I yelled," as my left nipple felt the cold plastic milk bottle running up it. 

He repeated the journey of the whole length of the milk bottle over my right nipple. I stood there watching his eyes as they focused on my jiggling breasts. 

"Now, get my coffee, wench."

He moved aside and I gathered myself, and came down the last two stairs. As I walked, or rather stumbled to the kitchen, I could feel a cool dampness between my legs, and I could feel and see two cold, slightly red, jiggling tits, bouncing free with every step.

Mark pulled out a kitchen chair as I made his coffee. I had to use two hands to place the mug on the table next to him, as I let go of the mug his hands came up and gripped my tits. 

"Keep still," he snapped.

He lifted my tits and squeezed, pulled, and then and twisted them. I just stood there willing him not to stop. He pulled me towards him and buried his face into breasts, kissing and sucking flesh and nipple, as my poor brain tried to understand it all. 

I had my arms round his shoulders pulling him to me, cuddling him tight, and hoping he wasn't suffocating in my cleavage.

I started rocking back and forth, trying to coax the lump in his trousers against my hot wet pussy. 

We played like that for a few minutes, turning each other on with the movement and little grunts, which were becoming louder and more desperate. 

It was me who snapped first. I slipped back on his lap, and my fingers started searching frantically for a way into his cock. It didn't help that he had now wormed his way between my legs, pulled my sodden panties to one side, and was peeling my pussy lips apart, and inserting two wriggling fingers in me.

Finally there it was sticking right up hard, and throbbing. I forced his arms out of the way and slipped forward. I impaled my all too eager pussy, on his all too willing cock. 

Whether or not he wanted to drown in my tits again I didn't know, but I had hold of his head and wasn't letting go. I bounced and wailed, and screamed at him to use me, which I think at that point it was more the other way around. 

The fucking was frantic from the very start. I just hoped the chair would take the shock of me bouncing up and down on Mark's spear. I could hear somewhere in the depths of my breasts Mark groaning, and getting ready to unload. I let him up for air, and as my thighs slapped down on his lap, I smothered his face again, this time with mine. The kiss was just as passionate as anything else going on. I was groaning on his tongue, and hearing his own little excited squeals.

I let off the kiss after a few minutes, yes minutes.

"Not yet you bastard, wait.....don't you dare come before me.......fucking hold it."

He did, he held it as my pussy went to heaven and back. I had my hands on his shoulders now, and I was leaning back away from him, pushing my pussy forward. I could feel every single spasm my impaled pussy went through, like it was magnified in my head 100 times. 

"Bloody wonderful..........amazing........oh baby............fuck your little maid," I pleaded.

He did, he started thrusting up and grunting heavier. Something crashed to the floor, which turned out to be the now warm mug of coffee, and as it splashed up my leg, Mark's cock splashed deep in pussy.

I got off his cock and knelt on the floor. I started sweeping the broken mug into the dustpan. 

Mark stood in front of me, still with his cock hanging out of his trousers. I smiled up at him, and then kissed his cock right on the tip.

"Thank you Sir," I said, slipping back into maid mode.

He grinned down at me with a look on his face, which suggested I was in for a surprise. My eyes opened wide as I felt my sticky panties being peeled to one side. A hard cock slipped easily in my sloppy pussy.

"Oh, this is Dan my workmate. I've cancelled our work for the day."

Dan grabbed my hips and started fucking me, as Mark stood watching, and jerking his cock back to life. He could have asked first if I minded his mate joining in, but I guess it was too late now. My tits swung free with every shove of Dan's cock. Mark crouched down and pushed his cock in my mouth. For the next 10 minutes I knelt there, being fucked from behind, sucking Mark's cock, until all three of us came.

I've had other fantasies about Mark, but the above was always my favourite. Certain guys seem to have a special fantasy which I associate with them, and this was Mark's. 

Oh I do have a maid's outfit too.