 All in the game for a frat guy and his female professor

Part one

"What do you think of this outfit?" I asked my husband Matthew, turning from the full-length mirror to face him. He was lying on the bed in his boxers and undershirt reading a stack of student papers. It was midterm season and we were both swamped with work. There hadn't been time to take my usual teaching outfits to the cleaners that week, let alone do laundry, and I was desperate for something to wear to class the next day. 

Matthew looked up and gave the outfit a quick once over.

"It's nice," he answered, smiling, then dropping his head again, lost in his work.

"Nice, huh?" I muttered to myself, turning back to the mirror and giving myself a good, hard look. Maybe that was the problem. The pieces were older and more worn than what I normally wear, but still, it was a fairly typical outfit for me, at least on a teaching day: a baggy cardigan from H&M over a cute, navy blue dress with a white floral pattern. It was roomy in the bust, and cut just below the knee, but still made me look young and attractive, I was pretty sure, especially with the dark tights and the shoe boots. 

I struck a pose in the mirror, trying to picture myself in front of my composition students the next morning. Class had been going smoothly enough that semester but lately I'd been feeling vaguely dissatisfied. The first few weeks had been electric, one of the best experiences of my short career. It helped that I was so comfortable with a few of the students from getting to know them around the dorm where my husband and I live to save money: at the yoga class I teach as part of our responsibilities as faculty-in-residence, and sometimes at the movie nights I organize for the kids in the lounge on the weekend, and sometimes over lunch at the patio café. Lacey was especially good (she's the skinny girl with the piercings and the mauve hair) and so was Travis (the infuriating but also kind of undeniably hot frat boy she was sleeping with). They were always prepared and eager to participate and the rest of the class took their lead. 

But for the last few weeks I'd sensed them drifting away. As if I'd lost their attention. That kind of thing is normal enough with the stress of midterms and all, but this semester, for some reason, I wanted more. I'd been dealing with a lot of rejection from job applications and grant proposals and such and doing a good job in the classroom had become a real source of confidence and pride.

I struck another pose in the mirror, squaring my shoulders and letting my chest push forward a little. It wasn't so bad, was it? I mean, it didn't make me look chunky or anything. Right? It was actually kind of . . . "nice." Matthew's half-hearted compliment rang in my ears. 

"What do you really think of it?" I asked Matthew again, louder this time, spinning on my heels to face him.

"Huh?" he asked, looking up, his glasses on the end of his nose.

"The outfit!" I chided him, stamping my heel for effect. He laughed.

"It's nice!" he told me, cheerfully, shrugging his shoulders. Then he went back to his papers.

I turned back to the mirror, fuming silently. "Nice and frumpy," I muttered, letting my shoulders slump. One time, back in grad school a few years ago we got in a ferocious argument about something or other that ended with both of us completely unloading about the annoying quirks that drove us bonkers about each other. Matthew ended up telling me that if he had to see me in one more "frumpy dress and cardigan" on my teaching days he was going to lose his mind. He apologized afterwards, of course, and he's never said it again. But I've never forgotten it either. 

"Maybe he had a point," I thought to myself, scanning the ensemble. I've always been self-conscious when I teach, especially back in grad school when I was a little less experienced, and when I wasn't so toned and strong and centered from all the mind-body yoga. And hiding my curvy parts has always been a way to feel more comfortable when I'm in the front of the room and everyone has their eyes right on me. 

But the trouble was that sometimes, like for the last few weeks, everyone's eyes WEREN'T right on me. I could tell that my students weren't feeling passionate about the class anymore, even the ones who were making a game effort to pay perfunctory attention to whatever topic we were discussing. I couldn't help wondering if my "frumpy" teaching clothes were part of the reason that I had so much trouble holding the full attention of my classes for the entire semester, or why I never seemed to be the person to "nail" the job interview, or the conference talk, or any of those important things.

"Why can't it be more like yoga class?" I asked myself, smiling inwardly as I remembered one morning at the beginning of the semester when Travis and his sidekick walked in while I was standing in front of the lounge before yoga class in my short shorts and sport bra, unzipping my Texas hoodie. I sure had their attention that day! Wasn't it kind of ridiculous concealing my body under all those floral dresses and baggy sweaters when I taught yoga to guys and girls who were the same age as my students, and sometimes WERE my students, in outfits that left VERY little to the imagination about the shape of my assets.

And they are some shapely assets, I reflected, sliding the cardigan from my shoulders and letting it drop to the floor, then sliding the tights down too. I pulled the dress over my head and looked at myself in my bra and panties. I'm not a sliver above 5' 2" but I have long legs and arms and a high waist that give me the proportions of a much taller woman. And while my breasts aren't large, objectively speaking, they sure LOOK big on my petite frame. And my bottom half, well, like I told you last chapter, Matthew likes to call me his "shorty with the big booty." What is it, exactly, that drives guys so crazy about a short girl with a nice, firm round ass? 

I know I probably sound obnoxious bragging about my body this way, but you have to understand that I've worked hard for it, and I didn't always have it, and I still can't quite believe how great I look now that I've kind of grown into myself. I'm probably a little attached to how good it makes me feel and that's probably something I need to work through in yoga.

I was rifling through the clothes in my closet, yanking the hangers off the rod and throwing them to the floor, one by one, when suddenly I saw it. It was there in the back corner where I've kept it ever since Matthew gave it to me as a present last Christmas. I'd just been rejected for yet another full-time faculty job and as I opened the package Matthew told me that maybe this would help me to spruce up my professional image. I remember my cheeks flushing bright red when I pulled it out and held it up to the light. It was a classy combo, sure, but it wasn't really my style: a soft gray pencil skirt, cut tight through the hips and shorter than I normally wear and a fitted, white mid-sleeve blouse with ruffle detailing. I could tell that my chest would practically be popping out of it, if I could ever bring myself to wear it. 'You don't like it?' Matthew asked, studying my expression. 'It's nice,' I assured him, not wanting to spoil the holiday, 'but . . . what's wrong with my regular clothes?' 'Nothing!' Matthew assured me, sweet as can be, 'but . . . I just thought this could help you . . . sell yourself a little.' 'Sell myself?' I repeated, my irritation rising. 'You mean like a prostitute?' Matthew was horrified. 'No! No! Not like that, like a . . . confident professional.' We managed to avoid an argument but I never tried on the outfit. I knew he was disappointed.

"What the hell," I thought, my cheeks flaming as I removed the skirt from the hanger and bent over to slide it on. I zipped it up the side slowly, inspecting myself carefully. It was tight through the hips, just as I expected, but it wasn't nearly as short as I'd thought at first, maybe two inches above the knee. The waist was cut high, and my legs looked long and lean. I loved the way that the fabric stretched tight across my pelvis (you could even see a cute little bump in the front) and how the gray color looked cool and sophisticated against the warm brown of my legs. I'd have to wear some pantyhose, sure, but the skirt could really do the trick! I tried the blouse on too, buttoning it slowly from the bottom. It was definitely snug, I noted, fastening the buttons across my breasts, and even a little transparent. I'd need a white bra for sure. And my boobs! Jesus. It wasn't obscene or anything but it left no doubt that I was one busty young woman. Still, something about the combination between my shapely figure and the cool, white, frilly fabric looked especially appealing, especially with the top two buttons undone and the classy skirt on the bottom. I walked over to my bureau and picked out a chunky necklace and a wrist full of silver bangles. Not bad, I thought to myself, my stomach doing flips. I took a deep breath and turned to face Matthew.

"What do you think of this one?" I asked, crossing my ankles and placing a hand on my hip. He looked up from his papers.

"Wow!" he gushed, his eyes bugging. He sat bolt upright, pushing the papers to the side. "What brought this on?"

"I don't know," I teased him. "Maybe I wanted to wear something a little less . . . nice. Do you like it?"

He nodded so hard I thought his head would fall off.

"You sure?" I teased him again, savoring his enthusiasm.

"Almost," he teased me back, squinting his eyes, and playing it cool. He surveyed me closely. "There's just one thing I need to see."

"What?" I asked, a wave of anxiety rising in my belly. Matthew's really good at knowing when to switch the mood that way, when to pull back a little after he's gotten me going.

"Turn around" he told me, flashing me that pretend frat boy smile—all cockiness and lewd desire—that melts me every time. It's like he can see right through me: what I really want. I uncrossed my ankles and turned around for him, my hand still on my hip and my heart racing.

Matthew whistled, long and low, leering hungrily. "Yeah, I'm pretty sure I like it."

"PRETTY sure?" I asked him, shooting him a look over my shoulder.

"Yeah," he answered, "I just need to see one more thing."

"What's that?"

"I need to see my hot professor write something on the board for me."

I smiled to myself, my stomach surging. I couldn't believe what I was doing but I walked to the wall near the bed, and turned my backside to hubby, and pretended to hold a piece of chalk in my hand and scrawl big letters all over the blackboard. Jesus it felt hot to have his eyes on me like that. I pictured how tightly the grey fabric was stretched across my buttocks and how round and firm they must look. 

"Up higher," Matthew told me, enjoying the show.

I laughed and stood on my tiptoes to reach the top of the "board."

"Down lower," he ordered.

I laughed again and kind of squatted down, sticking my ass out to reach the lower right corner. 

I don't know how he snuck up behind me so quietly but before I knew it he was all over me. Matthew's also really good at knowing when to make the first big move. I felt his hands on my breasts, and his breath in my ear, and his cock pressing against me, fat and hard. 

"So you DO like it," I teased him.

"Yeah," he answered, his voice husky with desire. "And I'm not the only one who will."

"Oh yeah?" I asked, my heart beating faster and faster. "Who else do you think will like it?"

"All those horny college guys in your class, that's who," purred Matthew, nibbling my ear and grinding his cock into my ass.

"Oh yeah?" I encouraged him, my lips moistening. It surprised me every time, and it made me feel kind of queasy to be honest, but there was no denying it. It was like there was a direct wire from my cortex to my crotch and every time my husband breathed those particular words in my ear in that husky, about-to-fuck-me voice ("guys . . college . . . horny") it sent a hot current straight to my groin and then all through my body. 

I couldn't wait for the next part.

"Anyone in particular?" I asked him, my heart hammering now and my knees shaking.

"Yeah," he answered, backing away from me a little so he could raise the skirt over my buttocks and explore them with his big hand. Then he leaned forward over me again, cupping my breasts through the blouse and breathing in my ear. "I think Travis is going to like it very, very much."

"Oh Jesus," I gasped, my knees giving way. We'd been playing this game for weeks but it still made us crazy hot. We were having sex four or five times a week—inventing little scenarios between Travis and I that always ended with Matthew and I getting lost in the scene and fucking like horny teenagers.

"You are so bad," Matthew teased me, easing his hand down the back of my panties and testing my wetness. "That really makes you hot, doesn't it, the idea of Travis seeing you in the skirt?"

"Yes," I gasped, as Matthew's finger caressed my folds and then entered me slowly. 

"And fingering you at the backboard?"

"Oh God!" I groaned, as Matthew slid two fingers inside me and held them as deep as he could, curling them slowly.

"Making you come at the blackboard?"

"Oh Jesus!"

"Who?" Matthew teased. 

I knew what he wanted. This was the part of the game that always sent us right over the precipice: the shame and excitement and raw desire as I lost myself in the role he wanted me to play, and the role he was playing for me.

"Who am I?" he demanded, his fingers curling me toward him.

"Nobody special," I teased him, my hips moving in rhythm with him now to pull his fingers deeper, right where I wanted to be touched. 

"Oh no?" he asked. "Too bad. If I'm nobody special then I guess I won't be able to make you come, will I?"

I felt his fingers withdraw inside me as I followed him with my hips, desperate to keep him inside.

"Who am I?" he asked, thrusting his fingers hard and laughing when I grunted.

"Ummmmph"

"Who am I?" he asked. "Who's fucking you with his hand?"

I was crazy with lust at this point, and desperate to come, and I couldn't hold out.

"Ughh . . . Travis!"

And there it was. That first, hot, fiery flash of shame and resentment and disbelief as I admitted my fantasy to my husband: how hot I was for my cocky, frat boy student. And then that sweet rush of relief as the confession streamed out of me and as Matthew's teeth found my neck and his spare hand slid down the front of my panties. 

It was insane how he quickly he could make me come this way, time after time. I eased back toward him as he stroked my clitoris with the hand down the front of my panties while the fingers of his other hand probed me from behind. He kept a nice stiff wrist so I could rock and buck against it just how I wanted, and so I could find the right spot, and so he could press against it just right. It wasn't three minutes before my orgasm coursed through me in surge after hot surge. 

Matthew bit and kissed and sucked my neck and told me what a bad professor I was and how good he was going to fuck me and then the next thing I knew I was face down in the mattress bent over the side of the bed with his cock buried to the root inside me. I loved how big and fat he felt whenever he took me this way. "In character," I suppose you could say. Doggy style always makes a guy feel bigger, especially when he takes you by surprise, and anyway Matthew WAS bigger, literally, because playing the role of Travis always made him extremely hard. He felt huge inside me. I was stuffed with cock and before I knew it he was sliding himself out, and thrusting himself in, over and over, so hard that my cheeks were shaking and I was grunting out for him and whining through my nose.

"Ugggh . . . Traaaaaaa-vis."

"You like that?" Matthew demanded, slapping my cheeks with his pelvis and angling his cock. "You like that frat boy cock?"

"Ummmmph . . . yes!" I gasped, raising my tail up high.

"What do you love?"

"Your cock . . . I love your cock . . . I love your big . . . fat . . . long . . . hard . . . arrogant . . . frat boy cock and I love it when you fuck me with it"

"Awww Peggy"

I felt that old familiar surge, deep inside me, and I knew he was about to explode.

"Not on the skirt!" I told him, a little frantically, reaching back for him and finding his ass and them pulling him toward me, holding him in place. "Not on the skirt . . . okay?"

"Where?"

"In my pussy . . . okay? . . . I want you to come in my pussy."

"Awww fuck . . . awwww Peggy."

I raised my tail, and closed my eyes, and pulled him as tight as I could as I felt his cheeks tense, and his rod stiffen, and then it was pulsing and our bodies were completely still. 

Part 2

Afterward Matthew and I lay next to each other on the bed for a long time, barely touching, our heads turned to each other as we caught our breaths, kissing and laughing. I know it's a cliché for a woman to say this but I really did love this part the best—even better than the boning, though I loved that part too. I loved it when I could lay next to him during those long quiet minutes with both of us still glowing and know exactly what he was thinking and feeling: how hot I am, and how good the sex is, and how lucky he is to get it, and how weird it is that the sex has been so much better, mind-blowing really, since we've added this new dimension.

After a while I got out of bed and pulled the ironing board out of the closet, and the iron too, and set them up near the bed. I stood there, naked, for a long while, lost in my thoughts, watching Matthew finish reading his papers while I ironed the blouse and skirt. They were a little wrinkled from our session but I could still wear them the next day. I felt calm and free, mostly, but the longer I stood there the more my doubts got the better of me, and the sense of queasiness returned.

I was starting to feel bad that for the last few weeks, pretty much every time I had sex with my husband, I had the image of Travis's deep brown eyes, and heavy brow, and playful expression in my head while I pictured every detail of his hot body that I knew so intimately, in a way, from yoga class. And I was feeling even worse about the fact that pretty much every morning, right after yoga, I practically raced to the shower and fucked myself silly.

"You don't think it's weird that I'm always fantasizing about Travis when you fuck me?" I blurted out suddenly. Matthew looked up and laughed.

"No," he shook his head.

"I don't get it!" I exclaimed, scowling at an especially stubborn wrinkle on the back of the blouse. "I don't get how I can love you so much, and how guys like Travis can piss me off so much, but every time I picture that it's Travis fucking me instead of you it makes me cum my brains out! Don't you think it's weird? Like there's something wrong with me? I mean, I thought that women were supposed to be the naturally monogamous ones and that men were supposed to the ones who were biologically programmed to shoot their sperm all over the planet, in any female they can find. I don't get why the idea of fucking someone else . . . some totally random frat dude . . . why the idea of . . . well, CHEATING makes me feel so wild!"

This was a new habit I'd developed—just coming straight out with my darkest thoughts and trusting Matthew to deal with them—and it still felt strange. 

"It's not true, actually, about women and monogamy," Matthew responded. "I've been meaning to tell you."

"Tell me what?"

"You know that new assistant professor in the psychology department. The one they hired last summer?"

"Claire Blazer?" I asked, feeling a surge of jealousy. "The tall skinny one with the boy haircut? She's a lesbian right?" 
