 My name is Peggy Pierce and I live with my husband, Matthew, in the faculty apartment of a large residence hall at the University of Texas, Austin. It's a dorm, actually. We moved there two years ago when Matthew was hired as an assistant professor in the psychology department. Both of us had just finished our Ph.D.'s at Stanford (his in psychology and mine in anthropology) and we were thrilled when Matthew got lucky his first time on the market and landed a plumb job at a great school! I wasn't quite as lucky that first time around. I had some interviews for tenure-track jobs at some interesting places. But nothing came through in the end. Still, I felt encouraged. Matthew and I are committed to going on the market together every year for as long as it takes for both of us to find the kinds of jobs we want (the kinds with tenure, and research budgets!) at the same university.

We decided to move into the dorm because the summer before Matthew started at UT we finally got married, and threw a big wedding, and went to Costa Rica for our honeymoon. There wasn't time to go apartment hunting in Austin, and besides, neither of us had enough money in the bank to cover the deposit and other expenses on one of the really nice condos like some of Matthew's colleagues live in. Our parents aren't wealthy by any means. Both of us went to state school as undergrads before we were accepted to Stanford, where we met. We had generous scholarships all the way through grad school but we still ended up taking on some serious debt, especially after we splurged for the honeymoon. We looked at pictures of the faculty-in-residence apartments online when we were staying at a fancy resort in Costa Rica, and they seemed pretty nice, actually. The price was right, that's for sure! We get to live in a spacious three-bedroom apartment (furnished!) practically for free, as long as we devote 10 hours a week to organizing fun programs for the students. 

My job at UT is okay. The chair of Matthew's department worked it out so that I could be a visiting instructor in the writing program. It pays less than an assistant professor (to say the least!) and it doesn't come with any of the nice perks that hubby gets, like funds for research and travel, and a big office on campus. But I make more than an adjunct, and I only have to teach three courses a semester, which isn't overwhelming. There's still plenty of time for me to work on my own research (on "hook up culture" among adolescents and young adults) and I've set up a very nice study in the third bedroom of our apartment, for the days when I'm not in class. 

The residence hall is quite lovely, actually. It was built in the 1920s, in Spanish Renaissance style. It has yellow-brown brick walls, and a red tiled roof. There are inviting archways all around the first floor, leading you into the building, and big shade trees everywhere outside, and in the main courtyard. There's a particularly nice tree outside our big, living room window. Sometimes, on cool days, I sit outside on one of the verandas with tables where students can read and socialize. One of them even has a decent café where I grab coffee sometimes, or lunch if I'm in the mood to treat myself.

Lately I've been in the mood to treat myself more than usual. I know I shouldn't complain. Most of my friends from grad school only wish they could have it so good! But by the second year of teaching the same, not very interesting classes (composition, for the most part) the grind has started to wear me down. Sometimes on my "off" days, at home, when I'm supposed to be writing, I'm too exhausted from all the grading, and office hours, and lecturing the day before to do much of anything. It's frustrating because Matthew's teaching load is much lighter. He gets to teach these small, honors seminars to groups of 6 students who work on independent projects for the most part, and his "classes" are more like rap sessions where he tells them about his own research (on the neurochemistry of sexual attraction) and dispenses advice. He does that two days a week and spends the rest of his time running tests in the lab, or writing in his office. Sometimes I go visit him, and bring sandwiches, and we eat on one of the tables near the psychology building. But lately he's been too caught up in work most days.

The really annoying thing is that somehow it's become MY responsibility to organize all of the programs for the dorm. Don't get me wrong. It's not terrible. I can eat up most of the hours by teaching a yoga class in the mornings and arranging movie nights in the lounge on weekends. Teaching yoga is something I really enjoy, actually. Back in Pasadena I got hooked on this new Jewish mind-body yoga program (Lansky is my maiden name) that combines a killer workout, and meditation, with discussion of asana, yoga, and Jewish philosophy afterward. It was just the thing for all the nerdy fitness freaks like me who had vague desires to get back to their spiritual roots in some roundabout way. Anyway, I ended up getting certified as a yoga instructor. So now most mornings I teach a version of what I learned in Pasadena (minus the Jewish parts) in the main lounge of the dorm. I really like most of the girls I work with. Sometimes a guy or two will show up, but they're almost never the frat boy type. The dorm is specially reserved for smart, motivated kids who can maintain a high GPA. 

I know I shouldn't complain. But some days it's all I can mange to teach my yoga class in the morning, and tidy up the apartment, and catch up on email, and make dinner for when hubby gets home. My writing has really suffered. I've tried to stay positive and keep my energy high (the yoga helps with that) but lately I've been down in the dumps more often than not. I can't deny it.

Matthew is a real sweetheart. He's one of the most sensitive guys you'd ever want to meet, and usually he's pretty smart about gender politics and stuff. But for some reason he's been kind of oblivious, lately, about the growing inequalities between us, at work and around the house. I was starting to get the sense that Matthew's good fortune in landing a tenure-track job before I did had shifted the balance of power between us. And I was starting to resent the fact that maybe it wasn't purely good fortune. Universities are always TALKING about how they want to hire women and minorities, but somehow, as the years go by, it never happens. Women STILL hold only 31% of tenured positions in the United States.

Things really came to a head between hubby and I maybe 6 months ago, near the start of the spring semester. I was pretty stressed out from trying to whip a hundred freshman into shape in my new composition sections, but Matthew was really enjoying being back to research full time after we took a few weeks off to visit family over the holidays (my folks are in Philadelphia, and Matthew's live in New York). 

I was getting ready for yoga when Matthew came running through the door holding an envelope in his hand and calling to me excitedly. I had just finished getting dressed and I was inspecting the results in the full-length mirror in the bedroom. I watched him in the mirror as he ran up behind me, and stopped short, and looked me up and down, slowly. I smiled. I knew I looked cute in my little yoga teacher outfit. I just turned 30, but if you ask me, I look better than ever! I was wearing my new brown cotton tank top with spaghetti straps that was tight through the bust (I was excited because it had just come in the mail the day before) and a pair of tight black stretchy pants cut at mid calf. Matthew especially loves it when I get dressed for yoga because it's one of the few times that I'm not wearing my usual dark, funky glasses. He's been all over me since I cut my hair short (I'm a brunette) in the heat of that first Texas summer. It's not a pixie cut or anything. More like a slightly wavy bob, cut midway between my chin and shoulders, with a liiiiiitle bit of layering to lighten up the ends and give it that "messy" look. Still, I've always been a long-locked gal so it was quite a change! Matthew said it was like getting to have sex with a different woman.

"You'll never guess!" he exclaimed, when he recovered his poise.

"What?"

"I got accepted!"

"To what?"

"To give a paper at the American Psychological Association this summer, in July in Toronto. Remember?"

"That's great!" I replied, my stomach sinking.

I felt happy for Matthew, but the thing is I really wanted to go to that conference too! There were a bunch of interesting panels and it would be great for my career to get some visibility. But in the end I didn't even bother applying. The university wouldn't pay for my travel or lodging (though Matthew tried to work it out with his chair) and we couldn't afford to pay for it ourselves after blowing our budget on flights home to the east coast for the holidays.

"I'm so excited!" Matthew gushed, looking me up and down again. "Maybe we can celebrate tonight?"

I knew what he was thinking. 

Matthew is always telling me that I have the best kind of body: the kind of body that sneaks up on a guy. When people first meet me they might assume that I'm a little on the chunky side, depending on what I'm wearing, because I have broadish shoulders and relatively big boobs for a girl with such a short frame. Plus, I have an impressive collection of cute, little baggy dresses and blouses with floral patterns that I wear for running errands around town, or for nights out, or sometimes for teaching over a nice pair of slacks or leggings. I love them to death, but sometimes they make it look like I'm trying to hide my curves. It's only once you see me in a tight top that you realize that I'm not chunky at all. I just have muscular arms, and shoulders. Plus, I'm stacked for my size. My breasts aren't that big, really, objectively speaking, but they look big on me, and they have a certain perky quality that my boyfriends have always loved. Likewise, it's only when you see me in a snug pair of pants that you realize how tiny my waist is, and how long my legs are (I'm 5'2" but I look much taller from a distance). My butt might be a little round and wide, sure, but it sits high on my backside. I used to think I had a fat butt. That might be part of the reason I still wear all those long baggy shirts and dresses. But now I'm proud of it. I'm much more toned now, with all the yoga. It's kind of hilarious, actually, to watch the boys around the dorm, or the quad, try to position themselves for a good view of my ass. They think they're being all slick and subtle but it is SO obvious.

'It takes a while for guys to realize what you really are,' Matthew liked to flirt with me around the house, whenever I changed into something more revealing. 'What's that?' I'd ask him, giving him a little sassy look. 'A hot piece of ass!' Matthew would tease me, "a shorty with a big booty. What do the frat guys say . . . a short stack? . . . a squatty body?' Matthew was never in a frat himself, but lots of his friends were, and I guess he's always been a little curious about Greek "culture." He likes to keep the edge in our sex life by bantering with me in that frat boy way around the house. And what can I say? I like it too. I know it sounds weird, because the fact is that I absolutely LOATHE frat boys. But for some reason I like it when hubby pretends to be one. A girl can't help what turns her on!

After Matthew told me about the conference he grabbed my by the arm, and tried to pull me to him, but I brushed him off, laughing. I told him I'd think about tonight. I was glad for the attention but I was late for class.

"There you go again," Matthew muttered, rolling his eyes.

"What?"

"Brushing me off," he shot back. "What's with you lately?"

It was true that our sex life had fallen off a bit in the last couple of months, not through lack of trying on Matthew's part. I felt guilty about it. So I snapped.

"Maybe it's about being too exhausted all the time from teaching 100 freshman, and grading their shitty papers, and doing everything—everything!—around the house. And around the dorm too! Including teaching the yoga class that I'm about to be late for! And maybe it's about the fact that I wanted to go to that conference too!"

I spun on my heels and stormed out of the apartment.

I was particularly sensitive about the sex stuff because the whole time we were visiting Matthew's family in Long Island his mother and her sisters kept pestering me with questions. They're the kind of older women who act like when a girl gets married her womb becomes family property or something. They kept asking me about how many times Matthew and I "did it" on our honeymoon, and whether we were using birth control, and how long it would be before I had a little Pierce in my belly. Not that it was any of their business, but it just so happened that I'd gone off the pill right before the wedding. It was part of this hormonal rebalancing regimen that I learned about in the mind-body yoga class. Matthew and I didn't have any particular plans to make a baby soon, but we hadn't really settled on a new method of "family planning" either. We kept condoms around the house, yeah. But most of the time, in the heat of the moment, we ended up "doing it" without one, and he didn't always pull out. I didn't tell any of that to his mother and aunts though. They would have died of titillation!

When I got to the lounge that morning it was pretty much the usual crowd of young ladies, maybe a dozen or so. I said good morning to a few of them as we all unrolled our mats and took our customary spaces on the floor. I was just about to get class started ('Namaste, young ladies, and welcome to mind-body yoga connection!') when I heard the door slam in the back of the room and two guys walk in, just a little too loud. 

I tried to keep calm but I was riled up from the argument with my husband and I slipped into my professor persona by mistake. "Punctuality, please!" I snapped. "Sorry," said one of the guys, almost knocking over a chair in his hurry to clear some space for his mat, in the back of the room. My irritation only mounted when I realized who he was. 

I recognized him from one of my new composition sections. Travis Hughes. Classes had only met a few times by that point in the semester but he'd already managed to make a bad impression. I was flustered when he showed up in my composition class the first day because I was pretty sure I remembered him from a few of my yoga sessions at the dorm last term. I don't know why, but for some reason it unnerved me the idea that my "work" life at school, and my "personal" life at the dorm, had crossed somehow. I have different ways of acting, and carrying myself, in each of those worlds, and I like to keep them as separate as possible. I dress conservatively for teaching because I've learned that I have to in order for students to take me seriously, especially the male ones. It's not only because I'm young, short and curvy. It's also because of how I act. I'm tough at first, but once I warm to a student, well, I've been told that I'm "friendly to a fault." I remember one time when one of the older male professors in my graduate program observed my teaching. Afterwards, during review, he kept making comments about how "flirtatious" I was with the male students, and how I might want to dress in a more "inconspicuous" manner. I was furious! But when I got home that night Matthew was able to explain it in a better way, and it started to make sense. Ever since then I've taken pains to avoid showing too much leg or shoulder or "booty" in the classroom. 

But I had little doubt that Travis had seen plenty of my curves during yoga sessions, and I had a sneaking suspicion that this had something to do with enrolling in my composition section. It was something about the way he surveyed me, coolly, when he entered the classroom. It was quick and subtle, for sure, but for just a split second he looked at me like a guy who knew everything that he needed to know about what was going on underneath the little jacket, cropped dress pants, and leather oxfords combo I'd picked out for the first day—just casual enough to establish a good rapport, but classy enough to command respect. What can I say? From what he'd seen in yoga, he probably did know everything he wanted to about the shape of my "assets."

This was more or less confirmed when we went around the room introducing ourselves. I asked the students to tell me something interesting about themselves, and something about why they enrolled in the class. Sections of composition have specific themes at UT, and this one was focused on issues involving sex and relationships in contemporary America.

"I'm Travis Hughes," he began, in a deep, smooth voice, without the customary Texas accent. He must have been one of the wealthy out-of-state students who pay higher tuition to come to Austin for it's national reputation as a party school. "I'm a senior pre-law student from St. Louis, Missouri and I'm the Vice President of Alpha Epsilon Pi. I live in Littlefield Hall, though, because I'm serious about school and it's a better place to study. I failed composition back in freshman year (before I hit the books) so now I have to re-take it as an upper-classmen. I picked this section, because, well . . . because I've been to a couple of Professor Pierce's yoga sessions at the dorm and, well . . . she seems like she's a really great teacher!"

There was nothing suggestive about the way he said it, but it still rubbed me the wrong way. That typical frat boy attitude of presumed familiarity! It was just so disrespectful, when you thought about it, to tell the other students about a detail of my personal life that I don't always share with them, especially not on the first day. A couple of losers in the back of the room even sniggered for a split second (picturing me in yoga pants no doubt) until I shut them down with my best withering look over the tops of my cat-eye glasses. I noticed that half the girls in the room were kind of leaning in Travis's direction and swooning. 

"You forgot to tell us something interesting about yourself," I quipped, my irritation getting the better of me.

Everyone laughed. Travis shuffled his feet for a few seconds, and then answered, looking me right in the eye.

"I like to read cheesy romance novels.'

"What kind?" asked an attractive girl in the front row, laughing, delighted by Travis's confession. She was an artsy type, not really the sort I would have expected to go for Travis. She had a fair number of tattoos and piercings and maybe three different colors of dye in her frazzled, shoulder-length hair. She looked like she could use a few days in the sun, and maybe a cheeseburger with fries, but I guess most guys would consider her a hottie.

"I don't know," Travis replied, blushing slightly. "What do they call it . . . 'New adult romance . . . slash erotica.' I like stories about bad guys who fall for nice girls and everything ends happily ever after. My best girlfriend got me hooked on them a couple of years ago." 

"Awwwwwwww!" sighed the girls, right on cue.

I hated to admit it, even to myself, but that WAS kind of interesting, even though Travis was obviously using it as a pick-up line with the girls. It was so annoying because you could tell they were eating it up. By the end of the semester there would probably be a long line of pretty young co-eds just waiting to "convert" him, like in the books. Still, I was surprised and intrigued. My research is about "hookup culture" and casual sex among adolescent girls, and over the last few years I've developed a keen interest in the way that so many "young adult" and "new adult" authors are trying to tell new kinds of stories about female sexuality—about losing your virginity, and experimenting, and postponing "serious" relationships. "Hookup culture" gets a bad rap in the media and even among feminists a lot of the time, but in my view that's misguided. My research shows that young women experience real benefits, psychologically and creatively, from 'sleeping around' during their high school and college years, even through their 20s! They're much less likely to be depressed, for instance, then girls who practice serial monogamy (like I did) and then marry young (even younger than me). And they're much more likely to pursue ambitious careers, and to succeed at them. Most of my advanced classes are devoted to getting young people (mostly women) to tell different kinds of stories about their sexuality and their relationships. I was planning to explore some of those themes in basic composition.
