 PART ONE

I read an article a few years ago by a famous psychologist who studies the neurochemistry of "falling in love." According to his research, the whole process is much more physiological, and much less mysterious, than we normally think. He devised an experiment where he asked his subjects—pairs of men and women who had never met before—to ask each other a series of 36 scripted questions that start out fairly trivial and light-hearted ("would you like to be famous?") but grow progressively more intimate ("what is your most terrible memory?"). Afterward, he asked the pairs to stare deeply into each other's eyes, not saying anything, for four minutes. He found that "couple" after "couple" reported feeling deeply attracted to each other at the end of the exercise, despite only knowing each other for 30 minutes. A significant percentage of the couples started dating, and two of his subjects ended up married and pregnant within the year. 

His theory is that what we call "love" is all about the hormones that get released when you share an intimate connection with someone, however brief your acquaintance, and however contrived and mechanical the situation.

I guess I'm telling you this so that you can understand the final chapters of the story between Travis and I. Because just imagine how bonded the subjects in the experiment would have felt if they'd performed these steps instead: 1) pair off with a guy who you are VERY attracted to physically and who you have fantasized about for months; 2) have vigorous sex with him, pretty much nonstop, for around seventy two hours; 3) pause between sessions to lie in bed naked and tell each other intimate details about your childhoods and your marriage, kissing occasionally, with your eyes holding his eyes and your hands exploring his body.

You see, for a girl like me, performing an "experiment" like that, some confused feelings were bound to arise. It's like I told Lacey. I'm not cut out for casual sex. I've always been a one-man kind of woman, body and soul.

I'm not saying that I fell in love with Travis, exactly. It's just that we went . . . further together, physically and emotionally, than I would have thought possible. We went further than we should have, I suppose, even in the context of a "lost weekend."

It's funny though. Looking back on it sometimes I think it was the structure of the "lost weekend" that MADE us go further. It was something about the fact that, from one perspective, a "weekend" seemed like too little time, once we realized how phenomenal the sex was, and, more than that, how good the . . . chemistry was between us. It made us a little anxious. Like we needed to spend every waking second together while we still could, and every sleeping second too. Which was part of the problem. Because from another perspective a "weekend" was too MUCH time for something that burned as bright and intense as our physical attraction, especially considering that in reality the "weekend" would last until Matthew came home, maybe in three or four days. It gave whatever was happening between Travis and I too much space to develop into something . . . deeper. At least it seemed deeper, once the hormones took effect

It wasn't just that I liked having sex with Travis. He was also easy to spend time with and talk with, especially when we were both feeling relaxed: when we were stretched out naked on the bed in the guest room of the faculty apartment, spent and drowsy, with the late morning light streaming through the curtains and the fresh, spring breeze blowing in off the quad, mingling with the salty scent of Travis's seed, still pooled in my navel; or when we were stretched out naked on the plush, shag rug in the living room in Travis's place in the afternoon with the trance music droning through the speakers, the same music we'd been thrusting our bodies together to the beat of for what seemed like hours, both of us too sore and exhausted to move, the bass line pulsing through the floor boards and my sex throbbing in tempo, my dark curls lathered with cream; or when we were stretched out naked together late at night in the master bedroom of the suite in Houston, side by side on our bellies facing the big glass wall that overlooked the lights of the city, with the smoke from our weed drifting upward to the stars, and the sounds of the traffic rising from the streets far below us, his semen warm in the small of my back.

I told him things at those moments that I've never told anyone but this keyboard.

It's hard to explain how it happened. But sometimes, I think it would have been better if we had driven to Houston right away, that same night like Lacey suggested, for a blow out of dancing at the club and sex in the suite. We could have ended things there, clean and simple.

At the time, though, it made sense to postpone our "road trip" until the following night. Travis needed to finish his last paper of the semester (for Claire's class, of course) and I had a mountain of essays to grade for my composition sections. But sometimes I wonder how events might have unfolded if Travis hadn't gotten another night alone with me in the dorm. Another night to . . . work on me. To open me by degrees. 

You see in most ways Travis was a simple boy. He was more experienced and skillful at sex than most guys, and more relentless in pursuing it with any female who struck his fancy, but his tastes weren't especially kinky. He liked to have sex with me in pretty much the same ways as most of the other boyfriends I've had. Not that he was my boyfriend, exactly, though I suppose that, unconsciously, I still think of him that way from time to time. 

When it came right down to it, as far as his sexual preferences, Travis was a "basic bro." Some of you ladies out there must know what I'm talking about. He liked to put me on my back when he fucked me, so he could watch my boobs bounce, and he liked it when I moved my bottom for him, every which way, when he fucked me on my knees (or on my belly, or on my side, but mostly on my knees with my head on the pillow). And he LOVED to watch me suck his cock, an act that he encouraged me to perform for him with a frequency and persistence that shocked me, at first. 

I suspect that in different circumstances Travis would have been content to do the simple things with me, and not push it much further, for weeks or months or maybe more. And the thing is: I would have been too. In my yoga practice I've always been partial to spending LOTS of times with the basic poses before you progress to something more exotic, and I guess the fact that Travis and I had been doing yoga together all semester made it seem natural to approach sex with him in the same spirit. I LOVED exploring the basics with him. 

Take "Missionary," for example. It's something that I've always enjoyed doing with my boyfriends. But with Travis it was fantastic. It was like he brought out the essence of the posture, the subtleties of his technique honed to perfection through years of almost constant sex with an array of female bodies and personalities. It didn't take him long to figure out what turned a girl on. I loved it when he threw me on my back on the mattress, or on the floor, and leered down at me with his shoulders and chest bulging, and his eyes drunk with desire, while I tilted my pelvis up to him to open myself to his thrusts, his cock penetrating me with a quickness and precision I could scarcely credit until I was putty beneath him, and I let my shoulders rock backward, his eyes glazing, mesmerized by how my tight, curvy little body shook and bounced for him in all of the places he liked best. 

Or take simple "doggy style," another of our favorites. I loved it when he flipped me over, a little roughly, and positioned me however he wanted on the mattress, or on the floor, or against the wall, or one time over the arm of a sofa, and I loved the way he kind of . . . fed his cock to me, from behind, teasing his crown through my swollen lips until I couldn't hold back anymore and started reaching for him with my tail, enticing him deeper.

Or take good old "oral." I loved getting it from Travis, sure. Not surprisingly he had great technique. But I loved giving it to him even more. I'm going to state it for the record in print right here and now because otherwise what's the point of telling you this story, if I'm not being honest? I LOVED to suck Travis's cock. I still don't understand it. I loved it partly for how hot it made him, how much he relished the sight of me doing it, but more, perhaps, because I loved being looked at with that much desire. But most of all I loved the raw, physical sensation of his hands in my hair and his cock in the back of my throat, loosening for him, opening deeper. 

I remember thinking one time that if I weren't married to Matthew I would be Travis's girl for as long as he wanted. I wouldn't even have minded being part of his "rotation" of other girls, as long it didn't interfere with the regularity of our own sessions. It was just sex after all. 

But the lost weekend structure put a certain . . . pressure on events. It made Travis want more, and it made him want it sooner. Faster. To claim his due. And it made me more . . . possessive than I would have been otherwise. I still can't believe what I told him, that first afternoon in the guest room after we'd just showered together and then "serviced" each other, orally, for the first time. 

I was still shaking, literally, from a BIG orgasm (I went down on Travis first and then he reciprocated) and I was cuddled up on my side in his heat with his big arms holding me close, stroking my hair, and he was murmuring, "Shhhh Peggy, shhhhhhh, that's my girl," in that way that always pushed my buttons, and I remember this weird wave of panic breaking right on top of me, from out of nowhere, and before I knew it I was telling him that I didn't want him to have sex with other girls during our "special" time together, not even with Lacey, and especially not with preppy Belinda Myles. 

I don't know what was going through my head. It was as if the force of my orgasm, of the intense sequence of orgasms that Travis had given me that afternoon with his tongue, and his finger, and his cock, and with his raw, animal presence had triggered some primordial need in me, some deep memory of loss, my father leaving home when I was still a girl, and I wanted to possess him wholly, for a time, for precisely as long as Matthew was in Los Angeles with Claire making me sick with worry.

I still can't believe how fast my heart was beating while I waited for his answer, our gazes locked, and how relieved I felt when he . . . consented to my proposal, nodding his head slowly and letting his eyes drift over my body, approvingly, almost like he was claiming ownership. He told me that I was the sexiest woman he'd ever met, and he couldn't believe that he was actually having sex with me, for real, because the idea of it had been driving him insane since the beginning of the semester, and that he didn't want to do anything else besides have sex with me for as long as I was up for it, because otherwise he would never get it out of his system, how badly he wanted me, and the thought of everything we hadn't tried together would torture him for the rest of his life. 

It was all in the game, of course. Travis knew how to sweet talk a woman to get what he wanted. But it still felt electric. I remember pushing him to his back, and taking hold of him by the root, and shaking my head in disbelief at how hard it made him for me to want him like that, his married professor with the edgy personality who couldn't keep her hands off him once she crossed the line. And I remember trying to count how many times he'd cum that day already, and whether he was likely to cum again when I fucked him this time, which was a distinct possibility given how aroused he was, and that he was just past his twenty first birthday, and that I intended to give him the ride of his life. And I remember hesitating for a moment and thinking of the condoms on the kitchen table. But then his hands were on my breasts and I stopped thinking anything as my thighs straddled him, and my hand slid him inside me, and we tried "cowgirl" for the first time. That was another pose we especially liked to practice together.

So I guess it was me who pushed the boundaries first, in an emotional sense. Which gave Travis license, somehow, to start pushing the physical boundaries. It was just little "special" things that he wanted me to "do for him," or let him do to me. Things I'd never tried. 

Like that morning in Houston, after we'd been dancing at the club all night, and we were both exhausted, and he asked me to undress for him, and stretch out on the king size bed with the silk sheets, and touch myself with my finger. He watched me, stroking himself, and I watched him, and then he walked to the foot of the bed (where my face was) and stood over me and held his jewels in his hand and then lowered them, gently, into my wet, warm mouth, gravity pulling them inside, and then my lips and my tongue bathing him. I don't know how long I lay there that way, luxuriating in his taste and scent, letting it fill my mouth, sharp and heavy but also enticingly fruity, like ripened plums, heavy and full, his eyes roving over me, hungrily, as I kissed him, and licked him, and suckled him, and nuzzled him with my nose, and as I fingered my pearl, cumming for him over and over.

And it wasn't just Travis that wanted to try things, if I'm honest. I felt the clock ticking too. I remember later that morning in the hotel, with the sun glowing orange, low on the horizon. We started out in missionary, as usual, and then Travis coaxed me into the "deep one" again, with my knees to my chest and my ankles on his shoulders, and he was letting gravity pull him all the way inside me, extending his arms straight under him and then dropping the weight of his midsection straight into me, filling me like I couldn't believe, and then teasing me on the out strokes, his crown between my lips, circling it there, coating me with oils. I remember my buttocks and stomach and everything else started loosening and opening and then I reached for him with my hand and slid his crown between my cheeks, spread wide for him, my rose greased with our fluids.

"Is that what you want?"

"No! . . . Yes! . . . I don't know."

"Just a little? Just to try?"

"I don't know."

"Shhhhhh Peggy. Shhhhhh."

PART TWO

The other factor with the boundaries issue was Lacey, of course. That girl was ALWAYS pushing. 

She sure tried her best to convince Travis to go to Houston that night, let me tell you!

By the time I followed her to the guest room she was already in the twin bed with Travis, lying on her side watching him sleep, still naked from our afternoon session, the sheet at his waist. 

I paused at the threshold, watching them through the half closed door. I'm not sure why I didn't enter the room straight away. I guess I'd been hearing Lacey's stories about she and Travis all semester, and I was curious to see one acted out in the flesh. Not that I thought they would have sex or anything. I just wanted to seem them . . . interacting in the wild. And more than that, once I saw them in bed together I felt like I was . . . intruding somehow. Lacey looked so comfortable and relaxed with him.  

It didn't take Lacey long to rouse him. She caressed his chest, and nibbled his ear, and Travis smiled dreamily, his eyes opening slowly.

"Hey there sleepy head," she teased him, enjoying his confusion. Before he could get his bearings she leaned in and kissed him on the mouth, slow and sensual. I felt a stab of jealousy, just for a moment.

"What are you doing here?" he asked, rubbing his eyes, his voice throaty.

"Peggy and I were just having a little girl talk in the kitchen," she replied, eyeing him archly, her head propped on one hand while her other explored his torso. 

"About what?" asked Travis. I could see the wheels turning as he rolled to his back, his arm thrown casually behind his head, bicep bulging. Lacey leaned down to kiss him again and this time he kissed her back. But with his mouth closed, I noted, with some satisfaction.

"O I don't know." Lacey answered, playing dumb, her hand sliding silently beneath the sheet. "About . . . your cock, mostly."

"You sure you should be doing that?" asked Travis, cool as ever.

"Why shouldn't I?"

"Won't Peggy get mad?"

Lacey shook her head slowly, her expression teasing, her hand working, just slightly, beneath the sheet.

"You sure?"

Lacey nodded.

"How come?"

"Because of what we were talking about."

"What's that?"

Lacey paused for effect, sliding her hand down further.

"How beautiful this is," she purred, savoring the feel of him.

"Awwwww Lacey . . . you gotta stop."

"Why? You know what else we were talking about?"

"What?"

"How amazing it feels when you fuck us with this" she replied, sliding the sheet down slowly, all the way to his knees, and then exploring him carefully, both of them watching.

"You know what else we were talking about?"

"Lacey . . . you gotta stop"

"How hard you make us come with this," she murmured, squeezing him tighter.

She wasn't jerking him off by that point, exactly, but she was definitely headed in that direction. And Travis was like putty in her hand. Typical frat boy. Not that I can blame him. What guy wouldn't like getting woken up with a hand job and hearing how much two desirable woman—one of them his married professor—had been gushing about his prowess in bed. I felt guilty even, letting Lacey toy with him.

"You know what else we were talking about?"

"What?"

"How we're not sure if either of us can go without this."

"Oh yeah?"

"Yeah. And you know what else we were thinking?"

"What?"

"That maybe you could take us dancing tonight and maybe afterward you could fuck both of us with it. That maybe you could fuck both of us all night whichever way you wanted."

"Unngh Lacey. You can't be serious!"

"Dead serious."

"Peggy said that?

"Yeah."

"No shit?

"Yeah," replied Lacey, slackening the pace. She knew it was the right moment. "Isn't that right Peggy?" she asked, turning her head to the door.

Travis spun his head in my direction so fast I thought his neck might snap. I pushed the door open and looked back at him, my arms folded and my ankles crossed. Head cocked to the side. I didn't miss a beat.

"Well, the last part is an exaggeration. But the subject of Travis's cock may have come up."

"Oh shit!" he blurted, moving to cover himself with the sheet. 

"Why so bashful?" teased Lacey, trying to pull the sheet from his hands. "It's nothing either of us hasn't seen before. Right Peggy?

I rolled my eyes.

"So . . . ," said Travis, sitting upright and surveying the scene, once he recovered his composure. "What's the plan?"

"Take us dancing please?" said Lacey, pouting at him, and dropping her hand to his crotch. "Take us to Stereo Live!"

"That's in Houston."

"Please. Peggy wants to go."

"Really? But . . . I have to write my paper for Claire's class tonight. I REALLY do."

"Pleeeeeeeease Travis," she persisted, caressing him through the sheet. "The three of us can work on it together now. Before we go. Right Peggy?"

"I guess."

Travis could sense something in my tone.

"Listen Peggy, if you're really up for that then I'll do it. I'll fail Claire's class if that's what you really want."

It was almost comical how conflicted and desperate he looked.

By this point I was feeling guilty. I turned to Lacey. "Do you think Travis and I could talk alone for a few minutes?"

She narrowed her eyes at me, just for a beat, then shrugged her shoulders and strutted from the room.
