 I was at my guy Ken's apartment talking when he walked in. He was tall, light skin and fine as hell. He was wearing a black T-shirt, blue jean shorts, and white shoes.

"Dee, this is my guy Black. Black this is my girl Dee." Ken said introducing us.

He sat next to me on Ken's black leather couch, checking my attire. I had my legs crossed, causing the short black skirt I wore to ride back into my lap, showing off my thighs. My black shirt was a v-neck that laced up the back. My three-inch heels tied around the ankle. My black hair fell to my shoulders, cut in layers to frame my face. 

I had just come from cutting a date with my ex short. I had him drop me off at Ken's apartment building around nine as soon we finished dinner.

Ken has been my best friend since we were five. Our mothers weren't the best of friends growing up, but happened to have gotten pregnant at the same time and sent us to the same schools from preschool to high school. Even if we had hated each other as our parents did growing up, we still would have been stuck with each other. So unlike our bickering mothers, we ended up being inseparable. 

"So you're basically telling me you got all dressed up for nothing?" Ken said, continuing our conversation before Ken came in.

"To be honest with you, I was going to go through with it, but fuck that. I'm not about to be made a fool of. I'm not settling for a man that's damn near married so he can leave me for the next best thing."

"I feel you." Ken said. "Now what?"

"Now I start over. Be by myself for a minute." I said. "The sex wasn't all that anyway." Everyone laughed. "I need a drink."

"Vodka's in the cabinet to your left." Ken said once I stood up to go to the kitchen.

I stood there, staring at the cabinet, trying to keep my tears in check but when does that ever works? I wiped my face with a paper towel, made my drink with a half glass of vodka, the rest cranberry juice, and made my way back to the living room. As I walked past Ken's chair he grabbed my hand.

"You cool sis?"

"I'm good."

I sat down next to Black and then crossed my legs so that my leg was rubbing against his.

Ken peeped game but didn't say anything.

"What you doing tonight Ken?" 

"Got this girl coming over at about ten." It was already a quarter past nine.

"Never mind then." I turned to Black and looked him in the eye. I could see why they called him Black, his eyes were so dark they looked pitch black. It looked good on him with his thick black eyelashes. 

"You got plans tonight?" I asked him

"Not at all."

"Think you can accompany me to the park. I need some air."

"Let's go." 

I downed my drink then stood up.

"Y'all just gonna leave like that? My girl ain't even here yet!" Ken said. "And you just got here." He said looking at Black.

I grabbed my black handbag. Black stood up and gave me a hand.

"Did you drive here?"

"No. I live two blocks away." I answered.

"Cool. I live on the fifth floor."

He held my hand as we walked toward the door.

"I'll call you Ken." I said.

"Whatever." He said waving us off.

I closed the door on my way out.

    ***

I was sitting on the back of the bench. My foot planted on the seat, my left leg crossed over my right leg, my backside balancing itself on the backrest. Black stood in front of me, his hands resting on the side of my thighs, right below the hem of my skirt.

"You alright? I know you were saying it's over between you and dude..."

"Nothing ever started."

"But I'm looking at you and you acting like you ain't hurting."

"Yeah, but I'm not bout to cry over it. I knew my heart was already broken when he walked back in my life. It was just a matter of feeling it. But you know what?" I said as he put his hands on my waist.

"What?" Black picked me up then put me on my feet...

"I started losing feelings for him every time we had sex. The worst it got..." he pulled me down on his lap. "...the more I started see the truth..." his hand slid up the back of my shirt, "...and now..." his lips touched my neck, "I've wasted five months on semi good sex..." he bit the spot below my right ear. I shuddered. "I need some..."his other had hand slid under my shirt, over my stomach. "really...really...really..." he ran his tongue over the same spot he bit, "bad."

I felt his erection against my ass and was very impressed.

"Baby, I got some condoms at the crib, but they're only Lifestyles and I don't think the regular shit is going to work for you." I said. 

He lifted his head up from my neck.

"We'll hit up the CVS on the way to your crib." 

He stood up. "You ready?" He asked looking down at me. 

"I told you I need it, didn't I?"

"Enough said." 

    ***

I pulled my shirt over my head. Slid my skirt down, let it pool around my feet then kicked it to the side. I stood before him in my heels and black boy shorts that were showing more than half of my ass.

I had Black strip down and had him sit at the foot of my king-size bed.

The lights were off and the window was open so the streetlights dimmed the room. 

I straddled him, placing my small but firm breast in his face. He pulled me closer to him. I did a slow grind over his groin, feeling his erection pressing hard against his boxers. I was wet with anticipation.

Without warning, Black lifted me up and put me on 

my back. He snatched my panties off and his boxers were gone in the same swift motion. My legs were spread eagle, his hardness sliding over my clit. I grabbed his shoulders, nails digging into his skin. I reached behind me to my right for the box of condoms lying on my bed, took one out, ripped it open and rolled it on him. He slammed it in and I screamed for him to do it again.

He pumped in and out a few times before he slammed it in again, then again, and again.

"Damn baby, that don't hurt?" 

"Yeah," I moaned. "but keep going." 

He smiled, his full lips looking sexy as hell. 

"That's what's up." He said.

I put my legs over his shoulder and he gripped my thighs and got in deeper.

"Damn Black, you're so damn big..."

My nails scratched his back, he held on to my thighs tighter, hitting it with a slow rhythm but with the same force when he connected. 

"Shit girl, damn..."

I couldn't hold it in much longer. I came hard, holding on to his shoulders tightly. He pulled me closer as he pumped harder and harder into me.

"Fuck...damn..." His voice was deeper, sexier, when he came.

He got up, walked over to the bathroom, and came back seconds later.

I was sitting on the edge of the bed waiting.

"Damn girl! You pussy is ...damn" I laughed.

"Come here Daddy."

"Mmmm, I like that." He walked over to me, his dick semi erect. "Say it again."

I took his dick in my hand. "Come here Daddy." I said, licked up the shaft then let it disappear inside my mouth.

"Yeah baby," his hand ran through my hair as he looked down at me. "Suck Daddy's dick." 

My head bobbing back and forth, swirling around the head from time to time made his soldier stand at full attention. I grabbed the base, stroked it a few times, sucked on the head, let my hands fall to his thighs and deep throated his long black snake. 

"Shit girl!" 

I sucked it harder and harder, looked up at him, felt his dick tense up and then I stopped.

I stood up. He roughly pulled me into his arms and kissed me hard. His cock pressed against me. I let his tongue explore my mouth. His hands were on my waste sliding down to my ass, and to my surprise he picked me up and carried me over to the dresser in front of the window. He sat me down on the empty surface and grabbed another condom from the box that we knocked on the floor. He walked back over to me as he rolled the rubber on for round two. He took hold of my legs, pulled me to the edge of the dresser and slid right in. I felt the cool breeze coming in from the window against my back as fucked me. I wrapped my legs around him, pulling him closer, trying to get him in deeper and deeper. I held the back of the dresser, threw my head back, biting my bottom lip trying not to scream with the open window behind me.

"What's wrong boo?" I looked up and he was looking down at me. I shook my head. "Oh, you trying to hold back?" Before I could answer he slammed into me. My mouth parted and I gasped. 

"You like this dick?" He kept up the hard pace, making me scream:

"Hell yeah, I like it Daddy."

He hit it harder. "Say it again."

"I like it Daddy, I like it."

It went on like that until I came, loud and harder than the first time. He held me close, my legs wrapped around him tighter as I felt his dick convulse inside of me.

"Shit Ma, yo shit is good as hell."

"We ain't done Daddy." I whispered in his ear. 

I made Black walk over to the bed after he disposed of the second condom. I stood in front of him and handed him the last condom from the pack. He tore open the gold and black wrapper, never taking his eyes off me as he put it on. He bent down and kissed my neck, the spot right below my right ear, then sucked it. I almost collapsed in his arms. He held me up, his arm snaked around my back. I pulled back; stopping the intense pleasure he was giving me from that sensitive spot, and turned around. His hands were on my hips. I bent over, climbed on the bed on all fours. He got the picture and slid right in. 

He fucked me hard, harder than he did before. I grabbed his thighs from behind and sat up, my back against his chest. His hand found my hair, yanked my head back, and kissed me. 

"Pull it harder." The pain was so intense and felt so good. I arched my back, my walls held on tighter to his shaft as he penetrated me.

"Damn Ma, you bout to make me cum."

"Harder." I said. 

He bucked harder and pulled my hair again.

"Like that baby?" 

"Oh, just like that Daddy, yeah."

He fucked me harder and harder. I couldn't hold on any longer, he was pushing me over the edge. I dug my fingers into his thighs and seconds later I felt his release and I came with him. His moaning and testaments drowned out my calling his name over and over again until we both collapsed on the bed.

We laid there not saying a word, his arm draped over my side. My backside arched against his midsection.

"You sleep Dee?" He asked.

"Nope."

I laid there thinking about what I had just done, not once but three times. I didn't know that man. What the hell was I doing?

"So I can feel like less of a slut, please tell me your name." I said.

"Dante Alexander." He said. "And you know damn well you're not a slut."

"True, but..."

"Baby, we're grown, you can do whatever you want. 

You don't have to be good all the damn time. Did you enjoy yourself?"

"Yes..."

"You plan on asking me for money before you kick my ass out?" I laughed.

"No."

"Can we do this again?"

I thought about it.

"I'd like that."

"Aight then. Besides, I don't fuck with sluts. 

And I plan on fucking with you"

He pulled me closer and put his lips on the back of my neck, sucked a little, then gently bit down making me gasp.

"You know we just used the last one. You better stop."

"Shit, looks like we need to hit Target for that family size pack." Black said making us both laughed. 

We fell asleep with me lying against on his chest with the cool breeze blowing against our bodies from the open window.