 The music was so loud I could barely hear myself think. I squinted my eyes and looked across the smoky room looking for the group of friends I had arrived with but they were no where to be found. After a few minutes, I gave up and moved toward the back of the house where I had seen a patio. I had to get out of here for a few minutes.

Pushing my way through the crowd, I was jostled around and elbowed so many times I was sure I would be a walking bruise come tomorrow. Finally, I was able to make it out the door and took a deep calming breath of fresh air. "I feel like a linebacker," I thought then laughed at myself as I moved to the railing. Taking another deep breath, I watched the tiny puffs of steam my breathing was making drift off into nothing. 

As I stood there I could feel the tension leave my body. I've always hated large groups and for the life me I couldn't figure out what insanity had gotten me to this stupid party. To think I could've stayed at home and read a book or something else. By "something else," I mean watching something racy on satellite and getting myself off. But no… here I am standing on the back deck of some guy's house that I don't even know and having no fun what so ever. I couldn't even leave since I had ridden with my friend Cory.

Looking around, I found the steps leading down into the yard and moved over to sit for a few minutes. It really did feel nice out here. It was just chilly enough to cause goose bumps to cover my arms and a slight shiver to race up my spine but all together this was the type of weather I loved. I glanced around the yard wondering when I was going to be able to get out of here and got lost in thought looking up at the stars.

I don't know how long I sat there when I became aware that someone had come out the door behind me and was talking on a phone. From the tone of the guy's voice I could tell he wasn't at all happy. I turn to glance over my shoulder to find he had his back to me but was between the door and me. I decided he had come out for some quiet to talk and didn't feel right sitting here listening to a private conversation.

I started to get up and head back into the crushing crowd again when his voice became angry. "What the hell do you mean by that? I'm not the one who had trouble staying off my back. Yeah… at least I kept my dick in my pants when you couldn't even keep your legs closed!" At that he hung up the phone, cussing under his breath. He stalked over to the railing close to where I sat frozen and leaned against it while he held the phone loosely between his hands. "Women are such bitches!" 

"Yeah, for the most part we can be." I agreed. He turned sharply and stared at me. "I'm sorry I was eavesdropping but there was no way I could get inside without you noticing me and I didn't want to interrupt your call so I just stayed quiet." I gave a small shrug and a smile.

He shook his head and turned away again before looking back at me. "Hell, don't worry about it. Considering how many people are at this party I'm lucky you're the only one who heard that." He said. He was about to say something else when the phone in his hand started ringing again. He lifted it and looked at the caller ID before cussing under his breath. He looked back at me and smiled. "Just my luck, huh? She screws half my friends then wants to talk to me about it."

I felt a pang of pity for him and gave a small shrug. "Turn the ringer off if you don't want to talk to her." I suggested. "Plus it will make her wonder what you're doing when you don't answer." I smiled a little when he grinned at me and turned the phone off.

He took three steps over to where I was and sorta fell on the step beside me. He sent me a glance from the corner of his eye before focusing on the grass in front of him. "So do you really think women are bitches, or were you just agreeing with me to keep from being yelled at by the crazy guy?" He asked.

I could hear the wry humor in his voice and laughed. "Both I guess. I know I can be a bitch when I feel like it, so I guess all women can too. Although I don't think I am like most women because I consider being called 'bitch' a compliment." I turned so I was facing him and leaned against the wall.

"Yeah, if you're telling the truth, then you're different alright. Most women get all pissed off and start cussing you if you call them that. So why do you consider that a compliment and not an insult?" He asked as he turned so he was facing me and raised an eyebrow.

This was the first time I noticed how attractive he was. If you believe in Greek Gods then this guy was beyond a doubt a God come to earth. I fought to pull the air back into my lungs while I stared at his face. He had high chiseled cheekbones, a straight nose with a strong brow and what could be called a stubborn chin. I couldn't tell what color his eyes were but I with the way my luck was they would be blue to go along with the black hair that was brushing his shoulders. All together he was definitely the finest male I had ever seen. How on earth had any woman in her right mind cheated on this guy? 

He started laughing and shook his head. "Was the question that hard? Sorry… I don't mean to take my bad mood out on you." He said as he started to get up but I put my hand out to stop him. There was no way I was passing up the chance to talk to this hunk even if he was pissed at all women at this moment. 

"I was just lost in thought. Plus, I should be the one saying sorry since I was sitting here staring a hole through you." I gave him slight smirk when he laughed again. "You asked why I was different right?" He nodded and I continued. "Well it has to do with my dad. He has been telling me since I was little that I was breed, born and raised a Bitch and like a fine wine, I just get better at it with age." 

He gave me a strange look than busted out laughing. "Man I like that. You must be close to your dad, huh? If you weren't you wouldn't like him saying that." I watched as his eyes crinkled at the corners with his mirth. He really was too cute for my own good.

"Yeah I am close to him. He raised me by himself and he did the best he could for me. I'm lucky to have had him." 

He was still laughing when he stuck his hand out. "I'm Nick and this is my party. Since you're here I guess I know you." 

He gave me a questioning look and I could feel the blush climbing up my neck. "Nope, actually I don't know you. I came with a group of friends. They were picking on me because I never do anything they think is fun, so they drug me along with them. My name is Monique but everyone calls me Mona." I said as I took his hand.

Still holding my hand he leaned in to get a closer look at my face in the shadows. I could guess what he was thinking. I am no great beauty and I knew it. I have a heart shaped face and dimples when I smile and a perky nose that I hate. My hair is my only saving grace. It is a dark blond shot through with gold highlight and is really thick. Well maybe my body was ok considering I was petite with big breasts and a tiny waist with a firm butt. Not that he could tell with me sitting on this step.

But what he said took me be surprise. "You don't look like a Mona. You're too pretty. Then name Mona makes me think of the painting the Mona Lisa and she was just plain boring. I think I'm going to call you Monique. It fits you better. Classic like your beauty." He murmured. His thumb was doing little circles on the inside of my wrist that I felt throughout my entire body.

With him saying this it wiped my mind clear and I couldn't think for a second then I said the first thing that came to me. "So, are you hitting on me because you find me attractive or because you're pissed off at your girl?" I asked.

He laughed again then gave me a small salute with his free hand but didn't let go of my hand. "In all honesty, I guess both. You are pretty though and I hope I would've come onto you even if I weren't pissed off right now. Plus she isn't my Girl anymore. She blew that to hell when I caught her with a mouth full of dick last night. But I can see why you're asking. You're probably wondering if I'd be using you to get back at her, aren't you?" He asked.

"Yeah I guess am. But even if that is the only reason your talking to me then I'm not stupid enough to tell you you're wasting your time. My friends were right, I never do anything as fun as this. In one night I crashed a party, meet a handsome guy and got flirted with. Hey, this is turning out to be a great night for me so far." I laughed at the look that crossed his face and felt better as a noticed a blush tinting his cheeks, after all turn about is fair play. "At least I have you smiling now. That's more than you could've said a few minutes ago."

He laughed then looked away then back at the door leading into the house. He stood up pulling me up with him. "I don't know about you but I'm not in the mood to go back in there. Plus I don't feel like being around other people right now." He looked around for a second then he looked back at me "In the garage I've got a pool table and a dart board if you want to go play a game or two. That is if you're up to hanging around a bummed out guy you don't know?" He asked me with a smile.

I started to laugh and agreed. We started off across the yard toward the garage still holding hands. When we reached the door he pulled a key out of his pocket and unlocked the door then pushed it open and turned the lights on. I glance around his should and saw the room was pretty large with the pool table in the center of it and a bar that ran along the far wall. He released my hand then moved over to the table, gathered up the balls then started to rack them. 

He glanced up when he was done and motioned me in. "If you stand there with the door open we will probably end up with uninvited guests bugging us." He walked over to the other wall and took down a stick while I moved in and shut the door behind me. I leaned against the door and watched the way he moved. He had the grace of a big cat when he moved, so fluid in every motion like a piece of art. I was getting really hot just watching him.

He turned when he picked his stick and smiled at me before walking back to the table. He leaned against it and watched me for a second before glancing over his shoulder at the table than back at me. I could see the hint of mischief dancing in his eyes. And I was right about his eyes, they were blue, I was a goner and I knew it. I could feel those eyes sliding over me as if they were his hands as he checked me out from head to toe. His eyes lingered on my breasts that were showcased in a tight white sweater making my nipples bead with anticipation. His eyes slid lower than stalled on the hem of my short black skirt before tracing the lines of my legs down to my sensible flats. He slowly licked his lips then cleared his throat but his voice still came out husky. "So you want to play a game?"

I started to shake my head but instead moved toward him. I slid my hand over and around the edge of the table like it a lovers' body, the whole time holding his gaze. "I don't know how to play. The couple of times I've messed around I couldn't even hold the stick right." I knew we were talking about something other than just a simple game of pool but I couldn't help but tease a little. Plus as much as I hated to admit it, what I was saying was pretty much the truth about my couple of relationships. "Do you think you could show me how?" I stopped in front of him and slid my hand around the stick caressing his hand before he released it.

He smiled "Yeah, it would be my pleasure." He moved around behind me and slowly pulled me up against him. "First you take the stick and hold it like this." He placed my hands on the stick in the correct hold than moved me closer to the table. "Now bend over just like this." Again he moved me into position. He pressed a hand to my back and I leaned in over the table. He moved closer in behind me so I could feel his entire body pressed up against my back. He pulled my hair over my shoulder than moved his lips next to my ear then whispered, "Now slowly pull the stick back and stroke it forward like this. Get used to the feeling of it sliding back and forth in your palms and between your fingers." He suited action to words and rubbed against me. "Ok, now with a little more power behind the stroke, hit the ball."

I sent the cue ball sailing toward the balls in the center of the table and gasped as his hands slid around me to lightly caress my breast. The balls scattered nicely and I bite back a moan as he kissed the side of my neck near my ear. I shivered as he continued to bite and kiss me. He gripped my hips turning me slowly around to face him. He pulled back and stared down into my eyes before letting his rove lower to my lips. I licked them deliberately while I watched his eyes follow the path my tongue took. Damn the look in his eyes was literally melting my bones. I drew a deep breath and watched his eyes drop to my breast. I smiled a little and glanced back at the table. "So now what?" I asked.

He seemed to give himself a mental shake before looking at the table. "Now we check the pockets to see if you sunk anything." He pulled away from me reluctantly and moved around the table checking to see if I had gotten lucky. Little did he know but I felt like I had won the lottery.

I moved around the other side of the table and found a ball in a pocket. I smiled and called him over. He laughed at me because I was so excited to have sunk a ball and told me that I was solids. Then he showed which shots I could go after and told to pick my next shot. I looked at him and pouted. "You're not going to help me?" I asked. He smiled and moved in behind me again. Just what I had been hoping he would do. I smiled to myself.

As his hands settled on my hips I leaned over the table and made sure my ass rubbed his crotch. I got a nice surprise when I felt the impressive bulge press back into me. "Very nice" I thought. He placed my hands back in the right spot on the stick and started guided my hands for the shot again. I rubbed into him again acting like I was trying to get a comfy potion for the shot and he groaned. He pushed forward until I was pinned between his hips and the table and ground into my ass again. It felt so good I moan.

"Are you really interested in learning how to play pool?" he asked as he pulled my head back and started kissing me before I could say anything. As his tongue pushed between my lips I sucked it into my mouth and my body began to tingle. I wanted to turn and press my body against him and feel his hardness along my length. I tossed the stick onto the table and gripped the edge to stay standing while we kissed like we had invented it.

"Fuck this." He said then turned me to face him and lifted me to sit on the edge of the table. He wedged himself between my legs and his denim-covered hips did delicious things to the inside of my thighs. His lips claimed mine again while our hands fought to remove the barriers keeping skin from skin. I ran my hands down his back to grab his tight ass and pull him closer to where I ached most for him.

He broke the kiss long enough to pull my sweater off and threw it somewhere behind me then he was back, his tongue stabbing into my mouth in a mimic of what he wanted most to do. His hands played with my breast until they slid around my ribcage and unhooked my bra. He slid it down my arms then moved his lips on a slow journey along my jaw to my neck. He bit my neck making me whimper all the while he palmed my breast and rolled my nipples between is thumb and forefinger.

He was driving me crazy. I sunk my hands into his hair and guided him to where I needed that oh so talented mouth. He settled in sucking roughly on my tender nipples making me cry out. With each tug of his mouth and teeth tremors raced through my stomach into my pussy. I pushed my pelvis into his trying to ease the sensations making me delirious. 

His hands moved to hold me still then they pushed my skirt up around my waist. His hand then slid between us to cup my moist mound hidden behind my panties. He rubbed me gently then pick up speed and strength until I was panting for breath. He gripped my sides then pulled my skirt and underwear down my legs then moved his head to replace his hand. Before I realized what he meant to do I felt his tongue part my pussy lips and push deep inside me. 

A scream escaped my lips and I bucked my hips up into his face. His hands gripped me holding me still while he devored me. I had never felt anything like this before in my life. I'd heard girls' talk about it but had never dreamed it felt so good since none of the guys I'd ever dated would go down one me. Now with his tongue moving in and out of me while his finguers rubbed my clit I knew I was going to die from the pleasure of it all.

I couldn't catch my breath and I was seeing stars and a strange feeling started to take hold of me at the base of my spine. The sensations shot up every vertebra in my body then spread out making me go ridged before the blood in my veins turn to molten lava and I erupted. Wave after wave of the most intense pleasure I had ever felt crashed over me again and again. It felt like it was never going to end but I didn't want it too either. I heard someone whimpering and moaning and it took me a second to figure out it was me but I didn't care about that either.

I just lay there trying to get me breath back while ever bone in my body felt like they were melted. Nick rose to his feet with a very smug look on his handsome face. He moved over me and took my face in his hands. It was then that I realized at some point I had gone from sitting on the table to laying on it in complete abandon. A faint thought went through my blown mind about whether or not you got carpet burn from being on a pool table but it soon drifted away.

I could feel a blush working up my chest as I stared in his deep blue eyes. "Why do I get the feeling you have never had that done to you before?" he asked placing small kiss over my face while one hand moved back down my body to slid between my legs again.

At the touch of his fingers I whimpered, positive I couldn't take anymore. He smiled down at me tenderly then pushed a finger deep inside me making my hips once again buck. I shook my head no but he just kissed me. At the first taste of myself on his tongue I didn't know what to think. But after a second I decided I liked it and sucked his tongue deep into my mouth while I lifted my hips, grinding my pussy into his hand. I was discovering my bones might have melted a few minutes ago but they were now back to the way they were suppose to be and the ache was building again.

He broke the kiss and watched my face as a second finger pushed inside me. He smiled to himself then pulled away from me making me cry out desperately. "Shh… I'm not going anywhere." He soothed then he was back. He moved over me and I realized he had stripped his jeans off. He moved between my legs pushing me wider open for him. I felt him rub his dick against my wet pussy before he started a slow, mind blowing slide into me. Inch by slow inch he pushed deeper filling me so completely I forgot to breathe until I felt his hips finally hit home. 

My body fought to stretch enough for him but he was so big. I moved my hips a little trying to find a comfortable spot. He groaned and kissed me hard moving his hand between us to rub my clit. It helped a lot and I moved again. That's all it took to snap what ever had held him back. His hips started to rock into me, moving me backward on the table with each sure stroke. He pulled almost all the way out and held still until I started lifting my hips trying to get him back inside me. But instead he held my hips still and only rocked the tip of his dick in and out of me. 
