 I had just finished my third year at college and was back home at my parent's place. I was driving down the street towards the house when I noticed someone was moving in a few houses up from us. I didn't pay much attention and I headed home. The next day my Mom asked me to mow the lawn and so I fired up the mower and started to cut the grass. I hadn't been mowing for five minutes when a car pulled up and a dark haired woman got out.

I was surprised. It was a woman I had seen on TV many times. She had a series of her own many years ago. I still see it once in awhile on reruns. She walked over to our property so I stopped the mower to find out what she wanted. I will call her Kate. Kate said she was the person who had just moved in up the street. She needed someone to mow for her and would I be interested. I told her I was on summer break from school. I wouldn't be able to do it for long.

She said that was okay. Could I stop up and take a look at the size of the job and we could discuss a price. I can always use the money, so I said I would come by later. After I finished and showered I walked up to Kate's house. Her property was about the same size as most of the houses in our development. I figured I could knock it out in a half hour's time. Kate must have seen me. She came out of the house and we discussed what needed done. 

She offered a generous amount of money. I said yes and that I would be by tomorrow to cut the grass. I went over early to avoid the heat. I knocked it out in just under thirty minutes. When I finished Kate came out and invited me in for a cold drink. I couldn't turn that down. There were boxes all over the place yet. Kate said it was slow going to get everything in place.

Kate then told me her life's story. After the successful TV series ended there were no more good offers for a series. She wasn't broke but she wanted to work. She ended up doing some plays and voice-over ads and such but nothing came her way like the show she had been on. After years of toughing it out in Hollywood she decide to move back here. She said she was born just twenty five miles from where we lived. Kate said she always vowed to move back once she retired.

I did ask if she had a man in her life. She said she had traded marriage for a career. She didn't regret it but she was too old and not interested in the dating scene these days. I figured Kate to be in her early fifties. You couldn't tell by the way she looked. She had black hair down to her shoulders. She was tall and thin and could pass for a woman ten years younger easily. I do admit giving her body a good looking over. I hadn't been laid in a few months and I wondered what sex would be like with an older woman.

All I had on that day were a pair of shorts and my sneakers. I was sweating like crazy. I think Kate was giving me the eye as well. We were standing so close I just gave in to my urges. I leaned in and kissed her on the mouth. You should have seen the shocked look on Kate's face. It was my turn for a surprise. Kate reached out and slapped me flush across the face. I think we were both surprised. I turned around and started to head for the door. I guessed my mowing days were over.

I was almost at the door when Kate ran towards me and grabbed my arm.

"I am so sorry Alex, you just caught me by surprise. I didn't mean that."

I could tell she was shocked by her actions. She must not have slapped very many men in her lifetime. I figured I might as well try this one more time. I pulled her into my body and I kissed her hard on the lips. This time there was no slapped face. She seemed like she was getting into it. All I knew was that I wanted her badly. I sort of pushed her back into the kitchen area. I used my hands to start pulling up on the edges of her top. 

I managed to pull the top off and I fumbled around until her bra fell to the floor. Kate wasn't big titted. That was alright. I liked women who were thin and tall. It didn't take much to kick off my shoes and pull off my shorts. I was half hard as it was. I got the rest of Kate's clothes off and there we were naked. Kate had a dark muff and it was untrimmed. I could see she was panting already. I moved her over to the counter top. I boosted her up and spread her legs.

I think Kate was shocked at how fast things were moving. However she didn't tell me to stop. I moved in close and guided my cock to her opening. I slowly started to push in past her folds. God, was Kate tight. It was obvious she hadn't been fucked in a long time. I worked my dick in and out. It must have taken me a good fifteen minutes before I had my cock buried in Kate's pussy. Once I was entirely in her, I had her put her hands around my neck.

I hoisted her up by her legs. We stood there in the kitchen fucking as I held Kate up off the floor. I am sure this wasn't something she had ever done before. She held on for dear life as I thrust my fat pecker deep in her tunnel. I love to hear when a woman moans as you fill her with cock. Kate was making these whimpering noises as I drove my dick in the whole way. I did manage to walk with Kate over to the couch. I put her on her back and I took her there.

My ass was like a jackhammer as it went up and down and I filled Kate's tight pussy with my thick snake. I might have been about eight inches in length but Kate managed to take all of me inside her wet hole. I don't know what it was about making love to an older woman but I wanted her to submit to me. I know how silly that might sound but I wanted her all to myself.

"I'm going to fuck you anytime I want now Kate, you're mine from now on."

Kate's eyes got big. It was like she agreed to all my statements. How do I know this? After I told her she was mine, her pussy clamped down hard around my dick. It was like she never wanted me to pull out. I lowered my face and I took each hard nipple into my mouth. Her nips were like hard pebbles resting on her chest. It was obvious she loved to have her tits suckled. Kate had her legs around my backside. Between her squeezing my prick and my back I was getting close to cumming. 

I didn't even ask if I should pull out or not. I just had to fill her with my love cream. That is exactly what I did. I pushed in hard one last time and held my cock in place. I blew some hot wads of my cum deep in her tummy. Kate's eyes lit up when she felt the heat of my baby juices coating her pussy. Her arms gripped me tightly and she held on as I filled her with my batter. That was some of the most intense fucking I had ever experienced.

I must have had a big load stored up for just this occasion. It seemed like I shot one load after another for a good ten minutes. When I finally did pull out I looked down to see my sticky cum leaking out and down Kate's ass crack. Kate didn't move for the longest time. I could see she was trying to catch her breath.

"Oh my God Alex, that was so incredibly intense!"

We had a opened mouth kiss after we finished and Kate went into the bathroom to clean up. When she came back out it looked like her legs were wobbling. She sat down in a chair and started to cry. I wasn't sure what was going on. 

"Thank you Alex, I have missed having a man make love to me like you just did."

I wanted to stay longer and maybe go some more but it was getting late and I was supposed to meet up with some friends that evening. I told Kate I would stop by tomorrow and we could talk further. That night out with my friends, all I could think of was the hot sex with Kate. I wanted her again, that much was certain. Would she let me fuck her again or would that be a one shot deal?

The next day I walked up the street to Kate's place. When the door opened Kate was naked. She pulled me inside. This time we went directly to her bed. Kate made me hard using her mouth. Once my cock was erect she had me get onto my back. Kate got up over top of me and she rubbed her pussy lips against my shaft. I thought I might pop right there. Kate didn't torture me too long. She quickly sunk down on my bone and I started to pound her tight pussy.

I had her small tits in the palms of my hands as I brought my ass up and pushed my dick in as far as I could. If I thought Kate was vocal the previous day, this time she was practically screaming. She begged me to fuck her as hard as was humanly possible. I never thought a woman in her fifties could act this way. She was like a greedy slut who couldn't get enough cock. Kate rode me for awhile and then she got on all fours for me.

I slipped my dick in from behind and my hands were on her hips. I was able to get so deep in that position. Kate must have thought so as well. She said I was hitting just the right spot. Her pussy was clamping down and then releasing my cock like a vise. I was kind of surprised that I gave her another large load of my cream that day. I thought I would be tapped out from the first time around.

I found out Kate loves to feel me when I blow my load inside her tight pussy. Kate told me she had been fixed when she was younger. She didn't want any babies to interrupt her acting career. I much preferred to fuck using my bare cock. It always felt more sensitive to me. I didn't have to worry about making any babies either. Kate drained my rod of every drop of cum. I began to wonder if I would be able to hold up fucking this older woman.

Kate and I became lovers and friends that summer. The main problem was I was due to go back to school in just a few days time. Kate was upset I was leaving her. She didn't want me to take up with any women at school. I didn't say a thing. Kate was thirty years older than me. The fun couldn't last forever and she probably knew it. I fucked her the day before I left. I gave her a gift of my cum to remember me by.

I told Kate I would be back around Christmas time. She said that seemed like such a long time from now. I took the bus back to school the next day. I did have something to remind me of Kate. My cock felt raw from all the fucking we did that last week I was home. Even though I didn't commit to anything, I know I will have my cock buried inside Kate soon enough.