 Having been taken by Collum, a leatherworker at the Ren Faire, I was now expected to be available at all times to serve his whims. I gloried in his possession of me, for it meant that I no longer had to pretend that I wasn't always wet and ready to be taken. This mysterious dark-haired giant had let loose the secret desires I'd always had to be possessed and cared for by a strong and compelling man.

The day after Collum claimed me, he put me in the back of his booth, in a little area behind a curtain, where he stored his materials and tools. I was allowed to sit and read as much as I liked, as long as I always answered when he called. He had provided water for me to wash in, but I still had only the clothing I'd worn to the Faire the day before. As I didn't plan to be walking around much, I'd left the boots off and padded around the little room with my soft bare feet making no sound at all on the floor. My bodice was laced loosely today, and the blouse slipped off one shoulder to reveal the Celtic tattoo below my left clavicle. My long, dark red hair was still damp from the shampooing I'd given it, and hung loose down my back.

Too unsettled to read, I wandered about, investigating the contents of the room and wondering what Collum used all the tools for. There was an almost-finished belt on the work table, where Collum had been adding final embellishments to the length of leather. He was currently out in the main part of the booth, schmoozing with customers and chatting with a couple of buddies.

Before long, I heard Collum call for me: "My Own!" His husky voice almost a growl on the name he'd chosen for me. When I lifted the curtain I saw that the customers had gone and only his two friends were still in the booth with us. I recognized them -- they'd been with Collum at the tavern yesterday when he won the argument about who would approach me. Their eyes widened as they took in my tousled state and flushed cheeks. I could see that they were anxious to find out if I really was already prepared to do whatever my man would ask of me.

"My Own, these two don't believe that you are mine. I want you to show them how wrong they are." As he spoke, he lifted the edge of his kilt and gestured me over to where he stood behind the counter. Seeing that he wanted me to suck his cock, my mouth started to water, and I hurried over to him. I knelt down in front of him, almost under the counter, with just the top of my head visible. Using both hands, I pushed his kilt out of the way to reveal his magnificent member. It was thick and smooth, with just a few veins showing along its length. Black hair tufted around the root of his penis in a profusion of silk. I took a moment to rub my cheek against the softness, and to press a kiss to the tender flesh next to his hipbone.

He was beginning to harden, so I ran my tongue up from the tip to the base, along the top of his cock. This brought him to full attention, and I was able to kiss the head as it rose. The magic of a stiffening cock has always fascinated me, and being eye-to-eye with one (so to speak) is one of my greatest pleasures.

Collums' friends were staring in amazement at my willingness to perform so publicly, but in reality I was more sheltered than Collum was. The two men came around to our side of the counter so they could get a better view of what I was doing. I was tempted to simply take him into my mouth right away, but decided to draw it out a bit first. I let loose of his kilt and used both hands to cup is ass and pull him closer, so I could nuzzle his balls and run my tongue along the underside of his cock. Collum grabbed his kilt again and held it up so his friends had a view. When I slid my fingertip over his asshole, his knees buckled and he had to lean back on the narrow ledge behind him. This gave me even better access, and I slid my tongue across his sac and licked that sensitive spot between balls and ass.

I opened my mouth wide and sucked one of his balls in while my fingers danced around his asshole, teasing and tickling. Collum had had enough of my preparations. He grabbed my hair with one hand and pulled my face away from his crotch. "Suck my cock, you beautiful tease," he whispered, looking deep into my eyes. I held his gaze as I planted my closed lips on the moist tip of his rigid cock. Opening just a bit, I flicked my tongue out for a quick taste. He had the flavor of hot leather and salty peat, blended with his own musk, and my head spun with desire as I inhaled it.

My own juices were pooling on the floor between my knees, but my skirts fell around me and concealed the puddle. My blouse had slipped even further off my shoulders, and was just resting on the tops of my tits, which were quivering with my exertions. My nipples were erect and hard as pebbles, and had deepened from pink to cherry red, so they were clearly visible.

Opening my mouth very slowly, I slid him into my wetness, moving my tongue along the length of him. My lips continued their steady progress down his shaft until the tip of his cock passed my tonsils and lodged in my throat. I stopped for a moment to take a deep breath through my nose, then swallowed around his girth, making his whole cock tighten as he felt my movement. With my lungs full, I pushed suddenly forward and my nose met his belly. I knew I only had a few seconds of air, so I grasped Collum's hips and urged him to set his own pace for fucking my mouth. He plunged in and out a few times before pausing for me to inhale again, then fiercely started up again, still holding my hair and now battering my chin with his swinging scrotum with every thrust. Each time he surged forward, the end of his cock filled my throat, but I discovered that I could take a quick breath as he retreated for the next thrust. I was soon very light-headed from the hyperventilation, but Collum slowed down just as I was about to pass out.

I glanced up at his face as he let his cock rest with just the head inside my mouth. Staring up at him, I tightened my lips and sucked, while running my tongue in circles under the head of his cock, and using my hands again to grip his taut ass. When I slid a finger past his asshole and pressed the spot I had licked before, just behind his balls, Collum came with a great bellow of satisfaction, releasing jets of his cream into my mouth. I struggled to swallow it all as it pumped into my mouth, and then I gently slipped my lips off of his spent cock. I cradled his softening member in my hands as I licked the moisture off and returned his kilt to its place.

Collum helped me to my feet and drew me in close. Pressed against his hard torso, I could feel his heart beating wildly from the pleasure I had given him. His friends were forgotten as we held each other and I listened to the sound of his breath returning to normal.

"Later," he promised, "I'll return the favor, with interest. I bet you'd love a walk in the rain, wouldn't you? And today is the Wet Bodice Contest. You'll never guess what the winner gets..." Collum looked down at me and grinned wickedly, and I knew that my day of debauchery had just begun.