 Rex and Donna

While at work one day, Rex asked if me.

"Dan, would you and Jean like to join Donna and me for a bike ride up to the mountains this weekend?"

"Sure, sounds great."

We made plans to meet at a local diner early Saturday morning and I told Jean about it when I got home.

"Dan, I don't think I feel up to a long ride this weekend."

"Ok, I'll call and cancel."

"No, don't do that. See if Annette wants go with you. I know she misses riding with you."

After checking with Annette, it was all set—she was going to stay over Friday night.

I've known Rex for years, and Annette used to go with me on rides with them until I met Jean.

******

Annette and I left the house early Saturday morning. She'd worn skin-tight, black, leather pants and was braless under a little, white, crop top with a jacket over it.

Jean laughed as she gently squeezed my dick and then she pinched Annette's nipple and gave both of us a passionate kiss.

"You two be careful and have fun!"

Rex is a big guy and looks like your typical biker, complete with tattoos and a beard. Donna is a very sexy, petite redhead.

They were already at the diner when Annette and I arrived and I saw their surprised looks when Annette and I walked into the diner together.

After breakfast, we were getting on our bike when Annette asked.

"They have no idea, do they?"

"Nope, not at all!"

It never dawned on me that having Annette, my gorgeous ex-lover, with me instead of my wife would raise an eyebrow or two.

Annette laughed.

"This is going to be fun!"

I spent the next couple of hours driving on winding country roads, with Annette snuggled up close to me, and wondered, 'How am I going to explain this to Rex and Donna?' Of course, every time we'd pass each other, Annette made sure she held on to me in a way that made it obvious we were more than friends...she even grabbed my crotch a few times!

Each time we stopped, Donna had a concerned look on her face about what was going on with us.

During the afternoon, we stopped at a little bar/pub we'd been to before to grab lunch and, as we walked in, I had my hand all over Annette's leather covered ass.

She grinned.

"Dan, we're going to have to tell them something?"

"Yeah, I know, but let's have more fun first. I love to shock Rex."

We sat down at a booth, ordered a pitcher of beer and some food, and Annette snuggled up close to me as she rubbed my crotch under the table.

Afterward, we had fun eating, drinking, and playing a couple of games of pool. Annette and I danced to a couple of songs that played on the juke box and all but fucked each other on the dance floor as Rex and Donna had puzzled looks on their faces during the whole time.

After we sat in the booth with fresh beers, Donna finally asked.

"So, what the fuck is going on? Did you and Jean break up?"

As I laughed and held Annette's hand, I explained how Jean and I had met Bill and Patti during our honeymoon, how we'd decided to open our marriage, and that Annette was our mutual lover.

We were nervous that they wouldn't understand, so we waited for their reactions. Rex had a dumbfounded look on his face, but Donna had a big, shit-eating grin on her face.

"Annette, would you go to the ladies room with me?"

After they disappeared, Rex asked.

"Who? How? Where? When?"

I, again, explained meeting Bill and Patti and told him about a few of our adventures.

"So, let me get this straight. You have both Jean and Annette to fuck...anytime you want?"

"Yeah, pretty much."

"You lucky bastard!"

I was still worried about how the new information would affect our friendship and working partnership. I was waiting for a different kind of response from Rex when Annette and Donna (holding hands and smiling) arrived back at the table. Donna gave Annette a kiss and then slid into the booth very close to me while Annette sat next to Rex.

As I felt Donna's hand sliding up my leg and saw Annette cuddled up close to Rex, I wondered, 'What's going on?'

Donna asked Rex.

"Rex, you haven't told him, have you?"

Rex gave a huge smile and explained.

"Donna and I have been a part of the lifestyle for a while and have been trying to figure out a way to approach you and Jean about it."

Holy shit! I was shocked and dumbfounded.

"Dan, I've always known you were a lucky prick! First, you had Annette and then Jean, two of the sexiest women I've met, and now I find out you have both of them! That explains some of the mornings you were dead tired at work."

Donna gave Rex a playful kick under the table, we all had a good laugh, and ordered shots and more beer to celebrate. We knew it was going to be a fun night, so we decided to stop at a nicer resort hotel in the area instead of a motel. While I was getting on my bike, Donna came over and sat close behind me, reached around, and rubbed my cock.

"I've always thought you were packing a nice dick. Now I know and I can't wait to feel it inside of me."

I felt my cock swell even more.

We ended up at one of those couples resorts, where they had heart-shaped tubs and big, round beds, and rented two rooms next to each other.

When Annette and I were in our room, she asked.

"Do you want to call Jean or should I?"

We sat on the bed next to each other, held the phone between us, and we called Jean.

"How's the trip going?"

"Rex & Donna were surprised when I showed up for our ride with Annette."

Annette told Jean about their revelation at lunch and then Jean told us.

"Sounds like you two are going to have a fun night. I've always thought Rex was kind of sexy, and I can't wait to ride him one day."

While I was still on the phone with Jean, Annette got on her knees between my legs and pulled my pants down.

"Let me at your cock. I'm so fucking horny!"

Annette sucked as much of my cock down her throat as she could while stroking me and playing with my balls. I don't remember what Jean said—I just mumbled responses to her.

Jean realized what was happening and asked.

"Is that slut sucking your dick?"

"Um, hum."

"I think I'm going to have to find some fun tonight, too."

"How's that?"

As Annette was slobbering all over my hard cock, Jean told me.

"Why should you two have all of the fun? There's a guy from work, Rick, who's been flirting with me and keeps asking me out. Maybe I should hook up with him tonight?"

She added.

"Rick will wear thin scrub pants with no underwear, walk up to me, pull his pants up, and ask if I want to see his socks. It looks like he has a nice, long cock!"

She described (in detail) what she was going to do with Rick and his long cock. Before we finished our conversation, Jean said.

"Promise to tell me all of the details of your weekend when you and Annette get home."

"I promise."

As I thought about Jean fucking another man and Annette expertly sucking on my cock, I was ready to burst. I held the back of Annette's head and jammed my cock as far down her throat as I could and she swallowed as much of my cum as she could when I started to cum.

As she sat between my legs, still stroking my softening cock, Annette licked her lips to get any cum that she'd missed.

After we showered, Annette put on a little mini skirt and a leather jacket over a push up bra. I put on lightweight, linen pants (no underwear) and a silk shirt.

When we got to the lobby to meet Rex and Donna for dinner, he was wearing jeans and a nice button up shirt. Donna was wearing a short, clingy dress that had slits on the sides, and it was very obvious she wasn't wearing anything under it.

They sat us in one of those semi-circle booths (the girls in the middle) with Rex next to Annette, and I was next to Donna. During dinner, we were all playing grab ass under the table and, after dinner, we went into the night club for dancing and drinks. As soon as we'd ordered, Donna grabbed Annette's hand and pulled her onto the dance floor.

The two of them started to sensually move to the beat of the music—Annette was an exotic dancer and knew how to move, and Donna was moving almost as well. By the third song, they were rubbing against each other and running their hands over each other's bodies. My dick felt like it was hard enough to drive nails just from watching the erotic show, and I noticed Rex was trying to adjust himself for comfort.

By the next dance, they were kissing each other and started to attract quite an audience, including the wait staff, and other dancers had moved back to let them have the center of the floor. Rex and I threw some cash on the table after we'd decided it was time to get them out of there before we all got into trouble.

I held Donna's hand while we were walking through the lobby, she turned to me, wrapped her arms around my neck, jumped up, and wrapped her legs around my waist. I put my hands under her ass to hold her and noticed her pussy was dripping wet.

She whispered into my ear.

"I can't wait to have your thick cock buried in my pussy."

All four of us decided to go back to our room and by the time we got there, I had two fingers buried inside of Donna.

As soon as we entered the room, Annette dropped to her knees and pulled on Rex's pants.

"I need a hard dick to suck on."

Donna and I licked and fondled each other as we stripped off each other's clothes until we were naked, and then we sank into the heart shaped hot tub.

"I love watching Rex fuck another woman for the first time."

"Rex is in for a treat because Annette is one of the best cocksuckers I've ever had the pleasure to experience."

Donna and I leaned back in the water and fondled each other as we watched Annette take as much of Rex's dick into her throat as she could while sucking on his cock. When she pulled her mouth off of his dick, her saliva and his precum stretched from her mouth and dripped onto her tits.

I pulled Donna up and had her kneel at the edge of the tub while resting her arms on the tub deck and, as I was kneeling behind her, I stroked the head of my cock through her pussy lips.

She pushed back, trying to get me inside of her, and yelled at me.

"Don't fucking tease me? Give me your cock!"

While she watched her husband get the blowjob of his life, I grabbed her hips and thrust my cock into her wet pussy. After I'd buried half of my cock into her, Donna climaxed.

"Oh...my...fucking...god! You're thick!"

She screamed.

"Hold still and give me a minute!"

While I held her hips, I started to stroke in and out of her tight pussy as I sank a little deeper with each thrust.

By then, Rex was sitting on the edge of the bed, and Annette was kneeling between his legs while sucking and stroking his cock.

Donna was very vocal as I slid my dick into her.

"Fuck me harder, faster!"

As I slammed my cock into Donna's wet pussy, we watched Annette climb up onto the bed, straddle Rex, hold his cock in her hand, and rub the head through her wet lips before sitting all the way down on it with one hard thrust.

"Oh, fuck! Watching Rex fuck another slut while you're fucking my slut pussy is so hot!"

"I agree. Watching Annette bounce up and down on Rex's cock while I'm fucking his wife is very hot."

As I held Donna's hips and pulled her back against me, I picked up the pace and fucked her hard and fast. She screamed as she climaxed, and her whole body started to shake. She pulled off of me, quickly turned around, stroked my hard cock, and held its head next to her open mouth.

"Cum in my mouth. I want to taste your cum."

Since she was fondling my balls and milking my cock, it wasn't long before I exploded into her mouth, and she sucked the head of my cock to get every bit of cum before she swallowed.

"Mmm, I love the taste of cum!"

Annette was going to town on Rex by bouncing her pussy up and down on his cock as white foam dripped out of her and ran down to his balls.

Donna got out of the tub, crawled over to them, kneeled between Rex's legs, and started licking his balls before sliding her tongue along his cock and up along Annette's ass.

Annette's whole body shook during her climax, so Rex held her waist to hold her down on his cock as he erupted inside of her while his wife licked his balls and Annette's ass.

After a minute, Donna rolled over and started to rub her clit with two fingers as she started to run her tongue through Annette's wet pussy lips, suck on her clit, and slurp up all of the cum that was dripping out of her pussy as she slid down Rex's legs. 

Donna was yelling.

"Oh, god, I love cum!"

Both of them started to shake and climax again.

Afterward, Donna and I stayed in my room for the night, and Annette stayed with Rex.

******

The next morning, I was woken up by Donna sucking on my cock and then we had a nice, slow, deep fuck before I called Jean.

When she answered the phone, she asked.

"How was your night?"

"Donna is a little cum slut! You're going to love her. How was your date with Rick?"

"Rick is a very naughty boy! We'll have to exchange details when you and Annette get home."