 Ivory and Carmine grew up on a small farm outside of town, home-schooled by their over-protective and religious mother. They were rarely allowed to leave the farm, save for church on Sundays, because their mother feared they would be corrupted by the outside world. It was a very sheltered existence. Ivory was the calmer, more docile of the two sisters, and was favored slightly by the mother, although she never spared her a punishment if she disobeyed the rules. The girls were not allowed to talk to strangers, and spent most of their days caring for the farm animals and studying the ancient textbooks that the mother approved of. There were old history books dating back to the sixties, and plenty of English books, but no science. The mother often made references to the 'lewd' nature of the girls in the public school, and the 'beastly' tendencies of men. Carmine, the bolder of the two, had managed to sneak off and meet with girls who lived in town often enough to learn about sex, and she'd whispered to Ivory softly what the older girls had told her, her eyes alight with excitement over the forbidden topic. Carmine was never quite bold enough to to try to meet a man, but she found them fascinating.

Even after the girls hit 18 they stayed at home with their mother; Ivory too loyal to leave their aging mother, and Carmine too loyal to leave Ivory. Over the years their mother's health worsened, and after months of fighting against an unnamed illness, she finally succumbed, leaving the girls alone with the farm. The girls relished their new-found freedom, although habits of their long sheltered life were hard to shake off, and they still rarely went to town except to buy groceries and to drop off their farm goods at the market. Their mother had long ago arranged for their eggs, butter, and other goods to be sold in a vendor's stall, and the girls continued the arrangement. They didn't know what else to do.

After a time Carmine suggested that they hire some help around the farm. Someone to do the heavy lifting, the wood splitting, and all the other various back-breaking chores farm life entailed. Their mother had been a frugal woman, leaving the girls a generous lump sum, and their market goods sold well, as the demand for organic goods increased. She put up a 'help wanted' sign on the bulletin board at the marketplace, and the girls waited. 

One night in December, as the snow was falling thickly, there was a knock at the door. The girls were rarely visited by anyone, so they were surprised to hear a caller at the late hour. Carmine answered the door, and a great bear of a man stepped into view. He was large and his black hair hung long and shaggy about his face.

"I saw your ad," said the man. He introduced himself as Arktos, and inquired if the position was still open.

"Yes," said Carmine, eyeing the man up and down. "You look like you're freezing, come inside by the fire!" Arktos accepted and stepped into the house, dwarfing their furniture with his big frame. He held his open palms to the fire place warming them. He gave the girls a quick rundown of his farming experience. He was just passing from town to town, sleeping in his car while he looked for work.

Ivory's soft heart was moved by his story and she immediately offered him the job, and insisted that he stay inside on their couch. "It's far too cold out there for anyone to be sleeping outside!" she exclaimed. Arktos thanked her for her kindness, and went out to fetch his bag.

"Are you crazy?" hissed Carmine. "You just invited a complete stranger to sleep on our couch. At night. When we'll be sleeping and helpless."

"But he seemed so nice," argued Ivory. "And he has to sleep SOMEWHERE. We can't just leave him out in the cold!" Carmine rolled her eyes, but went to fetch extra blankets and pillows for Arktos. If she was honest with herself, the thought of having a man in their house overnight was quite exciting. Arktos returned with a bag, and the three made small talk until Carmine suggested they head to bed and rest for the night. Arktos spread out a blanket and prepared his bed. Carmine wondered if he slept fully clothed. She'd never seen a man with his clothes off before. 

In the middle of the night, Carmine crept downstairs, tiptoeing to the couch to peek at the man. Her curiosity wouldn't let her sleep until she did. Leaning over the back of the couch, she peered at him. His shirt was off, his chest broad and covered with coarse black hair. Unable to stop herself, she reached out to touch it. His eyes sprang open, and Carmine jumped back in fear. She'd been caught! Arktos sat up, the blanket falling away and revealing the rest of his masculine chest. Carmine stared. 

"What's the matter, never seen a man before?" joked Arktos. Carmine didn't say anything. She'd seen men, but only clothed, and never in her home. The silence stretched out between them and his jaw fell. "You haven't, have you? Not like this." He gestured at his unclothed body. "Well, don't be afraid, I don't bite. Hard." He smiled, and stood, a pair of boxers the only thing keeping him from nudity. Carmine stared again. She wanted to touch him, to feel his body beneath her fingers. Arktos walked around behind the couch, closer to her. He must have seen the burning curiosity in her eyes, for he reached out and took her hand, bringing it to his chest. She stroked his chest hair in wonder, feeling the hardness of his chest, so different from her own. She trailed her fingers lightly down his sides, over his ribs and around his back. Arktos twitched a little at the tickling touch. Feeling bold and burning with questions, Carmine slid her hands down his stomach, lower and lower. She reached the waistband of his boxers, and looked up, gauging his reaction. She slipped her hands down, over the fabric of his boxers and then – there! She felt it! His penis, soft and dangling. Arktos sucked in his breath.

"Careful," he warned. "Or there will be no turning back." Carmine didn't want to turn back. She rubbed his penis gently, up and down, and felt it begin to grow harder. Delighted, she continued. She wanted to see it. She pulled his boxers down and glanced up at him he was leaning his head back, eyes closed, looking as if he were enjoying it. She smiled and looked down again at his penis. No, his cock. That was what the girls in town called it, right? She wondered what it tasted like. She kneeled on the floor and licked the tip, carefully. There was a drop of something clear on the tip and she licked it off.

"Mmmm..." Arktos appeared to be enjoying it. She began to lick more eagerly, and then decided to put the whole thing in her mouth. It was so hard now, so much bigger than when she'd first uncovered it. She started sucking on it and he made another pleased sound. Carmine smiled around her mouthful of cock. She tried to suck the whole thing into her mouth, unsure what else to do. Arktos placed a hand on the back of her head and gently began to guide her, her mouth sliding up and down. He seemed to really get into that, and Carmine continued to work faster, swirling her tongue around his cock as it re-entered her mouth every time. 

"You're going to make me cum," gasped out Arktos. Carmine tried to remember if that was a good thing or not. "I'm gonna cum," he panted again, and he grabbed her head, helping her to move faster. He was pumping his hips too, his cock going in and out of her mouth faster all the time. Abruptly, he made a grunting sound and then shoved his cock hard into the back of her throat, at the same time as she felt something shooting out of his cock. Oh yes. Cumming. Definitely a good thing. She swallowed the stuff in her mouth, not sure what else to do with it. Arktos pulled away from her and sat on the back of the couch.

"Damn, girl." He shook his head. "You're a natural." Carmine smiled. "You better get back to bed, we do have a lot of farm work to do tomorrow." Carmine agreed, and scampered off to bed, her curiosity satisfied, for now. 

*

An hour later, Ivory came creeping into the room. She knew it was silly, but she was just so curious about having a man in the house, she could barely sleep. She crept up to the couch and peered over the back, at the sleeping Arktos. The blanket was pulled up halfway over his bare chest, and she admired the broadness of it. As if feeling her stare, his eyes flew open.

"Oh Christ, you too?" He sat up. Ivory took a step back, confused. Arktos stood and began to to strip off his boxers. Ivory was shocked and turned her head while holding up a hand to block his body form her view. 

"Wait, stop!" she said.

"You don't want to touch it? Put it in your mouth?" he asked. She peeked through her fingers at him.

"Put what in my mouth?" she asked. 

"My cock," he responded, grabbing himself and waving it at her. 

"Oh!" she cried, turning her head again. "My mouth? Why would I put it there?" She'd seen the farm animals copulating, but never had there been any mouths involved.

"Because it feels nice," Arktos said. 

"Hmph." she snorted. "I doubt it. You pee from there!"

"Not when it's in your mouth." He took a step closer to her. "Come here. I'll show you." Ivory was reluctant to advance, but her curiosity ultimately got the better of her and she came around the couch and stood before him. "Sit down," he said, and she obediently sat. "Now, just relax. Trust me, this will feel nice." He pulled up the hem of her nightgown.

"What are you doing?" she cried, tugging it back down.

"Shh, just trust me. Lay back and close your eyes. It'll be ok." Ivory leaned back, nervous but excited. She closed her eyes and waited. He pulled her nightgown up again, and she felt him grab hold of her panties and pull. They slid down over her knees and onto the floor. She nearly sat up to object, but decided to wait and see. A moment later, she felt something warm and wet between her legs. Was that his tongue?

"Mm, your pussy tastes so good," his voice was directly below and in front of her, right over her... pussy. She tried the word out for size. Pussy. She liked that. His tongue licked her again, up and down her slit and her legs began to shake. He was right, it felt good, really good. She moaned a little and slid further down the couch, closer to his mouth. 

"See, isn't this nice?" Arktos asked, and she moaned again. He was so warm against her, and the tingles he was giving her shot up and down her spine. 

"Yes," she whimpered. "Yes, it's nice!"

"Good," he said, and then he grabbed her knees and forced them up to her shoulders, exposing her pussy more. He dove in and licked with a new speed and intensity. Ivory's legs began to shake as something built up inside of her. She didn't know what it was, only that it was very, very important that he not stop. 

"Mm, mm, mmm," the little whimpers came pouring out of her. Her pelvis was bucking around like a wild thing with a mind of its own, and Arktos was holding her legs down firmly as he licked and licked. "Oh, ohhhhh!" Suddenly a knew sensation was washing over her, one of absolute ecstasy, and she was vocalizing her joy. Her whole body shuddered, her legs twitching around his head. He slowed his licking and then stopped, raising his head to look at her. 

"You believe me now?" he asked. Ivory nodded, her legs still trembling. Arktos sat back and pulled her nightgown down. "You'd better get to sleep, lots of farm work to do in the morning." Ivory nodded numbly and he helped her to her feet and sent her on her way.

*

In the morning, Arktos was gone without a trace, and the girls never saw him again. They never told each other what had happened that night, and Ivory never did find her panties.