 It had been days since Hannah had seen Shaun. They had talked almost non-stop since the fire department, but no matter how hard they tried they could never get together. Their other relationships had began becoming more apparent. Her boyfriend had been getting more and more jealous by the day about her constant texting. He had been picking fights and sneaking around her just to try to figure out who it was she was texting. Due to her circumstances she knew it was crucial she did not get caught. She dearly missed Shaun though and they had agreed to pick up a shift together on Friday. However it was only Wednesday and so far she felt like she was going to die. Friday was too far away.

She wants to her his voice, feel his touch, see the love in his eyes, and feel the passion of his kiss. All she could think about was him. She needed him desperately. She just had to bide her time. 

---------

Shaun was a wreck. He was stuck in a marriage that was nothing more then a show in his mind. He had found someone great and was having to put up with bullshit that was keeping him from her. Hannah was more then just a fling or girlfriend to him. She was amazing. She was perfect in his mind. He had to spend days off in the midst of this and it was killing him. He missed her desperately.

Shaun had been on a nonstop day dreaming state for days. He yearned for the next chance to touch her. He was daydreaming about her touch when he felt his phone vibrate. It was his boss. "Fuck" he thought. "What does this fucking prick want?" He picked the phone up, swiped to answer, he listened as his boss asked him to pick up a shift. A driver had called in and they were desperate. They couldn't find anyone to work. Shaun asked who it would be with and when he learnt it was Hannah he smiled his devilish smile and agreed to it. 

---------------

Hannah had just awoke from a nap at her station when she noticed 5 missed calls on her phone. 4 from her boyfriend and 1 from her boss. "What does he want" she thought to herself. She didn't particularly like talking to her boss, but she picked up the phone and swiped his name anyway. She dreaded every ring. He answered and told her she needed to come in her next shift around 0400. When she asked he told her she was going to be taking a trip to Carolina beech. It was bls and a self paid up front discharge. She sighed and agreed, already dreading the trip with her partner. She hung up and looked to the other couch. Her partner had just woke up and asked what that was about. She told him and he quickly laughed and told her he had taken a day off their next shift and sarcastically told her to enjoy. 

She laid back down and sighed. What dumbass would she get stuck with driving her. She quickly sent Shaun a text telling him about it but got no reply. She closed her eyes and was almost asleep when her phone vibrated. It was Shaun. She instantly woke back up as she opened the message. She instantly became wet when he said "I can't talk right now, but I will see you at 0400 for that same call."

She was overjoyed. She wanted to scream in excitement. They were going to a beach together and it was going to look totally innocent. This could be the best shift ever. 

---------

Shaun's shift was dragging. He was hours away from embarking on his journey with Hannah and the excitement was becoming overwhelming. He had never been this excited about a trip anywhere with anyone before. He was almost giddy inside. He couldn't wait to see her, touch her, and talk to her. 

Time was dragging. The one time he wanted to run nonstop so time would speed up, all they had done was sit on station. It was painfully slow, as he was painfully missing her. 

He could close his eyes and see her, every detail of her. From her hair, to her toes, beautiful toes. She hates her toes he thought to himself, if only she knew how beautiful they were to him. He thought about her tattoos, the one thing that was repulsive to him before was now an extreme attraction. Her tattoos were not aimlessly scattered throughout her body without meaning. They had meaning and stories to tell, and by touching them and admiring them he could, even if for a split second, relive that memory with her. Good or bad, he didn't care. He was there with her on that trip of reminiscence. 

Tones dropped, finally something to pass the time he thought. He was never so enthusiastic about a shortness of breath call that didn't involve backing Hannah up. He sprung up and pushed his slight hardon down that he had developed while thinking about her. 

He went and ran his call. Finished it, and realized it hadn't taken nearly as long as he had hoped. 

Time drug on. 

----------

Hannah had been home all day with her boyfriend. Culling off his advances was becoming a chore for her. She didn't want to be touched by anyone other then Shaun ever again. She was so madly in love she thought herself to be crazy. She didn't think anyone could love her the way she loved him, and was terrified he was going to wake up and realize she wasn't what he had thought. Even through this terror though she loved him enough to at least stick it out. Maybe she could be wrong about a man for the first time in her life. 

She was so uncomfortable in her home now. Her boyfriend had become extremely jealous of her texting conversations with Shaun. She was tired of his advances and really tired of his comments. This day couldn't move any slower she didn't think. 

All she could do to pass the time and not risk his attention was scroll her tumblr and Facebook. She had seen the same posts a hundred times in the past couple of hours. She was dying to text Shaun, but really didn't want to deal with the comments. 

She decided to take a bath to pass the time. She began to play with herself, but stopped. She wanted to save the buildup for Shaun. She washed off, stood up, grabbed her phone and pointed it at the mirror. She dropped her towel, licked her lips and snapped a picture. She smiled and quickly sent it to Shaun with the message to not reply. She hoped he liked it. 

She dried off, got dressed and walked back into the living room. Her dog met her there and set beside her on the couch when she sat down. She looked at him and thought to herself that he's the only reason to remain in this house. She laid her head back, closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep. 

--------------

Shaun awoke to his alarm clock. 0230, finally, time to get ready. He grabbed his clean uniform, pants, socks, and reach for his boxer briefs. He paused for a second and decided against them. He had never went commando before, but today was going to be a special day, so why not? 

He walked to the bathroom and got into the shower. He washed off, soaking in the warm water. He couldn't get the image Hannah had sent him out of his head from the night before. Showering half mast was a chore. He wanted to touch himself and give himself some relief, but he wouldn't. He was saving this for her. 

He climber out of the shower, dried off, shaved, brushed his teeth, and got dressed. He walked outside and started his car to let it warm up. It was a nice night tonight. Not too warm, not too cold. The stars were especially wonderful this time of year. You could almost touch them they felt so large and so close. He hope that maybe Hannah was looking at them at the exact same moment. He pushed the thought from his head and walked back inside. He called dispatch, told them he was en route to Hannah's station to pick her and her ambulance up. It was surreal. This was actually happening. 

He took his left arm and pinched his right. He smiled, then walked to his car. 

------------------

Hannah was on her way to work, it seemed like this drive was taking forever. There was no traffic, just her and the open road. She pulled into her station and his car was already there. This excited her. She parked and got out, opening her back hatch and pulled her bag from it. She knew it was a little silly, however she had brought a few things just in case this trip went as well as planned. 

She walked inside and there he was. His back to her, talking to her opposite EMT. He turned, smiled, and said good morning. "That damn smile" she thought to herself. She have him a smile back and went to the bathroom. She finished her makeup and walked back out. She grabbed the keys to the ambulance and walked outside. She started the truck, turned around and there he was. Standing nose to nose with her. Shaun leaned in and kissed her. Very lightly, very gently, and whispered "I love you" as he pulled away slowly. 

Electricity shot through her. Her knees felt as if they may buckle. She had waited to fell those lips again, and it had been worth it. She moved around to the passenger side and got into he seat, laying her bag between them. She reach over as Shaun was getting into the drivers side seat, and took his hand. She looked him in the eyes and said "I love you too." 

He put the truck in drive and they pulled out. 

------------

Shaun was already loving every second of this trip. They had picked up their patient who in no way needed an ambulance. She was a older lady who just wanted to be able to lay down and sleep on her trip back to her house. She had been traveling through when she had a heart attack in her hotel room. She didn't want conversation, just a ride and made that clear from the start. She just wanted to sleep.

That was a great thing for Shaun. He knew him and Hannah would be able to take turns driving and with the open back to front in this ambulance Hannah and him would be able to be side by side without technically leaving the patient in the back by themselves the whole trip. Shaun began driving and before he could even suggest that seating arrangement Hannah was sitting in the middle beside him. She reach over and grabbed his hand and smiled at him. 

This was going to be everything he had hoped for. 

--------------

They were now about 4 hours into the trip and Hannah's legs were killing her. Shaun had suggested that she drive for a little while and he take the place in the middle and she had fought this suggestion until now. Her legs were beginning to cramp. As Shaun pulled over on an exit she let go of his hand and slid it over to his crotch. Giving it a quick squeeze before she stood up. She explained to the patient that they were switching roles and that they would be on the road again in a couple of minutes. 

She exited the ambulance and came around the drivers side. As she approached Shaun he wrapped his arm around her waist, pulled her to him, locked his lips to hers and pushed her against the side of the ambulance. Pressing his body against hers and kissing her like she had never been kissed before. His lips and tongue moving fiercely, his arm pulling her tight against him. She could feel his dick pressing against her, pressing perfectly against the front of her slit. His fingers digging for a hold onto the small of her back. Then as suddenly as the kiss had started he stopped. He smiled at her and began walking toward the back.

She was alive and awake when she climbed into the drivers seat. She couldn't stop smiling right now if she would have had to. Shaun had already placed himself in the middle and as soon as she got the truck moving and reach for her hand. 

Their love filled the air, thick and perfect. A palpable pulse of a perfect unity. 

-----------

Shaun knew this trip was almost over and they would finally be together alone. They had already crossed the bridge onto Carolina Beach's island. It was just a matter of time now before they were alone. 

The patients house was fairly easy to find. It was right next to a pier, a house that was in excellent placement. It was ocean front and rather large. He couldn't help but take in the saltiness of the air as they took her inside and turned her over to her family. 

He had vacationed here when he was younger, so he knew a little about the area. Things had changed but he knew exactly where he wanted to take Hannah. They drove about 5 miles away and Hannah was in the back with her bag changing. She had brought a bikini and her changing into was causing Shaun to almost wreck. Her body was so right and so perfect. Every move seemed intentional. Was she teasing him? He hoped she was. He wandered if she realized he was almost plowing into people trying to watch her. 

She looked up into the mirror just as Shaun looked back. He smile and eyes letting him know she had known exactly what she was doing the whole time. He licked his lips as she threw her leg up on the cot, slipped her bikini bottoms to the side and inserted her finger into her pussy. She pulled it out, walked to the front and placed her finger in his mouth while biting his ear. He tilted his head involuntarily and she laughed. She walked back to her bag and pulled on a pair of blue jean shorts. 

She came to the from of the truck climbing over the doghouse and sitting herself into the passenger side seat. Shaun still couldn't take his eyes off her. 

-----------

Hannah was trying to take it all in. The beach was absolutely beautiful today. Blue skies, blue waves, perfect temperature, and not a lot of people around. She looked to her left and there he set, driving. This man that has been better than any man has ever been to her. This man that she loves dearly. She smiled and grabbed his hand. He looked at her and she felt like melting. 

She noticed he had turned his signal light on and was turning off. He pulled in behind a small restaurant and put the ambulance in park. He smiled, kissed her hand, and got out. The back doors opened and he lifted the bench seat and pulled out a duffle bag. He told her to open her gps on her phone and out in an address. She did and it popped up with the directions. He out the duffle bag around his shoulder and climbed out of the truck. He opened the drivers side door and threw the bag between them and began driving to the address. 

Hannah grabbed his hand again and asked where they were going. Shaun said he had booked a hotel room Oceanside the second he found out about this trip and that is where they were going. 

They pulled up to the hotel and he parked. She kept looking at him until he finally kissed her hand again and started to get out, taking the duffle bag with him. She climbed out and started walking behind him. 

The walked up to the front desk and Shaun began talking to the clerk. Hannah was staring out of the window she again grabbed her hand. He told her that there was a problem and they booked the wrong room for him and he was going to walk back with the clerk and check to see if the room they had open was ok. 

It seemed like an eternity before he and back. In reality it was about 10 minutes, but she was excited to get this day going. When he got back to her he said it was all taken care of and he grabbed her hand and started walking. She walked with him stride and stride, smiling the whole time. 

They got to their room and Shaun swiped the card and opened the door. He allowed her to to in first she passed by him smiling. She then noticed the rose pedals on the floor, making a path for her to a hot tub. Candles were lit all around the room. The normal curtain had been replaced with a red curtain that left the room a romantic shade of red. On the bed the rose peddles contrasted with the white sheets. It was so corny it was romantic. It said I love you Hannah. 

Hannah turned walked to Shaun and kissed him deeply. 

------------

Shaun was smiling as she was kissing him. When she pulled away he walked into the bathroom and changed clothes. He came out and Hannah wasn't standing there anymore. He could hear water running and as he turned the corner he seen her bent over testing the water in the hot tub. She winked at him and told him to come over. As he was walking to her she pulled her shirt off over her head baring her bikini top. She unbuttoned her shorts and had then about half way down her legs when he made it to her. He knelt to his knees, pulled then to her ankles and with 2 half steps he took them off. 

He pulled her around sitting her on the edge of the tub. He began kissing her starting at her ankles and slowly moving upward. To her calf, then her knee, then her thigh, then her mound, then sideways across her pubic line until he got to her bikini string. He took it in his mouth and pulled it with his teeth while undoing the other side with his hand. The bottom fell except for the part that was pressed into her now soaked pussy lips. He kissed back across her pubic line and then down her mound to the material that was left. He took it in his mouth and pulled downward causing it to fall away. He took a deep breath in and with a look of intoxication pressed against her mound with his face, pushing her against the tub and spreading her legs. 

He kissed down her slit to her clit, gently licking at first but increasing pressure as it became apparently engorged. He moved his right hand up and pressed his finger against her clit massaging it from left to right while moving his tongue downward. Finding her hot entrance he pushed his tongue inside as deep as he could go. Tickling her spot with it as he began to massage her clout vigorously. He brought his left hand up, moving his tongue and inserting 2 fingers into her making site one was against her gspot and with a forceful motion began pumping his fingers in and out, paying careful attention to her gspot with every entrance. He moved his tongue to her taint, nibbled, and moved lower pressing his tongue against her anus to see how she would react. She did not stop him so he continued licking it. She had moved her own finger to her clit and was working it hard. He moved his right hand to his tongue. Getting juices on it. He began working his index finger and tongue in unison around the hole, putting slight pressure on it every rotation around it. With slight pressure on a downward rotation he press the tip of his finger slightly in. Moving his tongue up and catching some of her Juices on it and then back down to lick around one more rotation he gently pulled his finger out, making sure to get the juices and saliva. He pressed the finger back in slowly, gently, entering in her as deep as his finger would go. With a slight rocking motion she began pressing against his hands, her fingers moving with ferocity on her clit her moans turned to screams. Shaun reach his tongue down and added some warm pressure to her clit while her rubbing continued. She began to turn flush and she was coming. Shaun knew she was by her muscles looking like they could snap from the pressure and he could not hear her quickened breathing anymore, just a low moan of pleasure and a quivering in her moan. When she stopped he rose up and took his fingers out. Kissed her check and helped her in to the hot tub. She pushed him back, climbed on too of him and guided his cock into her hot moistness. The jets on the tub where shooting right across her nipples which excited her. He thrusted back up into her with every rocking motion. She suddenly came to a stop. Got down to his ear and asked "Do you want my Virgin asshole baby? He couldn't even get a word out. Just a grunt and a nod of approval. She reach back, got ahold of his dick and slowly pressed it against her anus. Hannah had a look of pain on her face as she kept trying to get his cock into her entrance. 

Shaun knew this was too tight. He could feel his sack already beginning to tighten. He looked her in the eyes. She really wanted this so he continues. He reach around with her and held the base of his cock making it more steady for her. She finally was able to get his head to push in. He could see the look of pain, but with one more thrust up and down she took in his whole cock. Her face looked amazing to Shaun. He could see pure ecstasy in her eyes when they opened. She grabbed his wrists and pinned them to the tub. She leaned down and asked if it was tight. Shaun said yes, her response was to start grinding with him deep inside of her and for her to start moaning low in his ear. It didn't take long for her to begin moaning louder. She took his right hand and pulled it to her tit, she let go and grabbed the back of his head, screaming for him to take her nipple. He did as he was told. He took her nipple in his mouth and began nibbling and sucking. Loving every second of it, but popping her nipple out long enough for him to warn her he was about to cum. She said good, she wanted it to be in her. It wasn't much longer before he started grunting and moaning with her. He began thrusting harder into her asshole which pushed her over the edge. She tightened down while she was cumming so tight Shaun couldn't hold back any longer. He shot his load, stream after stream into her. He collapsed backward onto the tub and she collapsed into his chest, laying her head on to his shoulder.
