 It started as just an everyday shift. A couple totes, couple coverages, couple 911 calls. Nothing out of the ordinary had happened in a while. Absolutely nothing. It was killing him.

You see Shaun had been on the ambulance for 12 years now. It took a lot to make him get excited, nevertheless make him think too hard on a call these days. Overall he was bored with his job. He had taken up a couple hobbies here and there. Nothing of note as nothing seemed to keep his interest. John was married with kids, living what people would call a dream. He called it a nightmare. Only 1 child really took to him and his wife was always on his ass about something. Being a paramedic has some great upsides. You save peoples lives for a living. I mean how many people can say they get paid to be a hero? Lately though the crappy pay had been taking it's toll. They had lost a house and been forced into a trailer park infested with drug use and prostitution. Soon he couldn't take being surrounded by it and had to move his family in with his parents. The stress was almost to much to bare as he had no idea how far behind his parents also were on their medical bills. Needless to say he was just flying by the seat of his pants to keep his head above water.

So this day like any other was a grind for him. Just going through the motions for a paycheck.

--------------

All 911 calls today for her. It was very unusual. As a paramedic student Hamnah had gotten used to the dullness of being on a strictly bls ambulance. Everyday was pretty much the same but just enough different for her. She had lately taken an interest in a paramedic. Its really the only thing that had kept her going to the dullness of her shifts. Every once in a while she would see him here and there. He was nothing like what she had been interested in before. Jaded and twisted. Always on the mean side but always with a devilish smile. He was what she considered a hero. Tried and true to the core of what EMS was. He hated everyone it seemed and was impossible to talk to though. She wasn't sure if that intrigued her more or not, but nonetheless she was intrigued.

-----------------

Tones dropped, Hannah was sleeping and in her grogginess she heard her usual 911 call. 66 year old female non specific illness. She thought to herself what the hell. This weather sucks and it's 2 in the morning. She has grown to hate these kind of calls. She would be up for the next 3 hours for absolutely no reason whatsoever. Just because someone was to lazy to be driven to the hospital. She threw her cloths on while making her way to the door behind her partner. Whatever she was dreaming must have been pretty hot as she was as wet as she could ever remember. It wasn't until she had gotten to the truck that she realized she didn't have panties on under her pants. She didn't like the feel of them anyway so she just went on to the call.

She got on scene and found a frantic husband. He was screaming that his wife was dead. She made her way inside and got to the bed where she found a woman who was hot to touch and barely breathing. Instantly she ran back to the ambulance screaming to her partner to get the got. She grabbed the bag valve mask and ran back inside. She began breathing for the woman as her partner brought the cot inside. They moved her to the cot and then to the ambulance. She told her partner to get ALS backup. She was terrified and who her backup may be. She hadn't had much luck getting good medics recently but new she at the very least needed some hands to help her get things done. In the rush of things she had not heard which unit was dispatched to back her up.

-------------------

Tones dropped, Shaun awakened to hear that he needed to back up a bls truck. They had a pending arrest and sounded excited. He jumped up, threw on his clothes. Grumbling he made his way to his ambulance. Who knew what this bls truck was asking backup for. Generally it was just a new EMT who was scared of their own shadow and didn't really need anything but someone to hold their hand. He was still a medic though and still went through the motions. Turned on the lights and sirens and ran as hard as he could to the other truck. There was little traffic and his mind had began wandering some about a little EMT that worked the truck he was backing up. Was it her he was backing up? Would he say something after the call that would offend her and make him seem like more of an ass? He cleared his thoughts and kept driving.

-------------------

Hannah was working her ass off to keep this woman breathing. Sweat was pouring out of her just to keep a good seal on the bag valve. She had managed to get the cardiac monitor and pulse ox on the woman and the o2 say was alarming as well as the pulse. Both were very low and it seemed no matter how hard she tried they kept getting lower. Where the hell is my ALS she thought to herself and then she heard the siren. Finally she thought as she started to worry. Was it going to be one of the regular assholes? She took in a deep breath as her ambulance came to a stop. Seconds felt like an eternity as she waited. The back doors opened and he climbed in. It was him, her secret crush, her darkest desire. He was staring at her with a smile. That same devilish grin he always had. She could feel herself getting wet almost instantly even while bagging and breathing for her patient.

--------------------

Shaun climbed into the ambulance. Looked up and thought I'll be damned, it's her. All he could mutter out was "Hi, I'm Shaun, your friendly neighborhood medic. What seems to be the problem tonight?" He made eye contact with her and could not help but smile. Her eyes were on fire. They were the sexiest eyes he had ever seen. She was sweating and had a look of exhaustion and panic in her face. He instantly told her to switch him places. He grabbed his airway kit and prepped for an intubation. Quickly he went into the patient mouth, placed his tube and pulled the scope out. It was in, he watched it go in. He looked up and caught her staring it him, not the patient but him. Confused he asked her to take the mask off the bag and guided the bag to his tube. Their hands touching during this movement.

---------------

Hannah had just felt pure electricity pulsate through her body. He had touched her hand. Meaningless as it was, they had touched. Had his hand lingered intentionally? Was she just imagining things? She was being pulled by him now. Forcefully being placed back where she started. He told her to sit there and bag, he was going to be busy. She watched him start IV's and place pacer pads and capture a pace I the monitor with such ease. Like he had did it a thousand times before. If she hadn't been crushing before, she was now. He moved fluidly, rhythmically, precise. She was strangely turned on by it all. She was caught looking at him though as he threw a glance up at her. He just smiled.

---------------

Shaun, working his ass off knew he had to make this look effortless. Having a student watching him was a challenge for him. He needed to inspire her to make sure she made it through the toughness of class. She needed to see that sometimes, you really can save a life. When he finally got capture on the monitor after what felt like ages to him he looked in her direction. Was she watching every move? She was looking at him in the face, not the patient. It was taking all of him not to smile at her but he couldn't contain it. He smiled. She quickly looked down and he noticed she was slightly biting her lip. Was it intentional, or was he just imagining things?

-------------------

The rest of the call was fairly straight forward for Hannah, all except the moistness that had been slowing developing downstairs. She couldn't explain why, or how she was so turned on but she was. He keeps smiling at me she thought to herself. Why? Is he ready to unload on me as soon as we get to the ER. Her excited state quickly turned into a state of fear. What is he thinking behind that smile. Does he really hate everyone? She brushed the thoughts away as she heard her partner mark them out at the ER.

-----------------

Shaun did his normal routine at the ER. Took the patient in, turned I've care, registered them, and made his way out. He watched as Hannah's partner cleaned the truck. She never appeared out of the ER though. All he wanted to do was tell her she did a good job, and see if she had any questions. He left to to back to his station, however the whole trip back all he could picture was he face while she was biting her lip. Did it mean anything? He had to know.

---------------

Hannah stayed inside the ER. Scared the she was about to be cussed for not doing enough. She was terrified of Shaun. He was respected but mean. Why was he smiling so much she wondered. On her trip back to her station she finished her paperwork and fell asleep. When her partner backed in she awoke, wet once again. She made her way to her bunk and laid down. To tired to take care of her wetness she fell asleep.

She woke up a couple hours later. Realizing she had not yet finished an inventory on her truck she made her way outside. Boots untied, carrying her uniform, and wearing only her pants and a tanktop she climbed in the rig. She began systematically counting supplies. Tedious and boring, it's one of the worst parts of her week.

She heard the sound of a motor outside and tires crushing gravel. She just though it was another random crew stopping by to probably use the bathroom. Her back doors flew open, it was Shaun. He said he had forgot his jacket.

--------------

Shaun had to know why she was biting her lip. It was burning in his mind at this point. He detoured to her station after another call and seen she was in her ambulance. He had forgot his jacket on the call they were on together and he had hopes that she would see through his pathetic excuse and notice an interest in her. He climbed into the ambulance and told her he needed his jacket back. She just smiled at him and said she had not seen in. He say down and began trying to make small talk. He sucked so bad at small talk but he was trying nonetheless. As they were talking the conversation quickly turned dirty as most conversations do in EMS. They had been talking about restraining patients and he had made the offer to restrain her so she could feel how impossible it was to get out of.

--------------------

Hannah could not believe her ears! Her wildest fantasy was to be tied down and taken without any hesitation. Did he seriously just offer it to her? She jokingly said anytime anyplace to him.

That's all the invitation he needed. He grabbed her by the belt and lifted her up, kisses he while reaching into a cabinet. He pulled out a roll of cling and an ace wrap. He opened them and grabbed her wrist. Twisted her to where her back was to him. Grabbed her left wrist and began wrapping the cling around it, he jerked, gently but forcefully, her wrist down to the cot. Tied the Kling to the railing and then began wrapping the ace wrap in one piece around her wrist and the railing. He then grabbed her other wrist and pulled it to the railing doing the same thing. All he said was "Are you sure this is what you want?" She mustered out a small moan and a "Yes." He pulled her legs up, placing her knees onto the cot, pulling her boots off and undoing her belt, she just squirmed. He pulled on her pant legs one by one. Taking them off by force. He removed the belt from her pants and put it around her now naked waist and pulled it tight in his hand to test it's strength.

He then made his way down to her pussy, licking up and down her slit, finding her clit he began teasing it it. Softly at first, then rhythmically getting harder. He began licking in circles while sliding on of his fingers in. Pressed on by her moans he began twisting his finger until he found the small button of softness in her. He started pressing on it while increasing his pace on her clit. He too his hand and pulled toward her face on her shaven mound and removed the hood from her clit. She began getting louder with her moans and began rocking into his face. He legs began to spasm.

She was in pure heaven, she was going to come and she knew it. He could feel it also and stopped. He said in a very deep, serious voice. "Not yet."

She couldn't feel him anymore. Where did he go. She felt a cloth being drug across her hair and then across her face. He was tying the blindfold and now she was blind. He had robbed her of we movement and now her sight. She was so wet now. She felt something smooth press against her mouth, she knew what he wanted and took it in. It was soft, but firming up and slowly filling her mouth. The sharp angle she was in made it difficult for her to keep suction but every time she would lose it he would force harder. He was practically fucking her face when he stopped. He disappeared again.

She felt a hand grab the belt and pull upward. He lowered himself down and pressed his cock against her opening, and barely inserted it, teasing her with just the head and when she would try to rock back into it he was push on the belt making it impossible. He reach his other hand down and began working her clot in circles as he slowly pressed more of his cock in. Her moans driving him crazy yet he maintained his slow teasing and entering. Suddenly he pulled the belt toward him and pressed the entire length of his cock into her. Her wetness allowing it to enter with ease.

The slamming motion of him entering her sent her over her edge. She was beyond controlling herself anymore. She let the wave if ecstasy pour over her and she could feel it taking over. She began to scream until it hurt. Then she became to buck back against him, so hard she could feel her hips cracking with the impact of every single stroke.

She came the hardest she had ever came before. Wave after wave after wave. Screams and moans. She could not believe this was happening. Then all of a sudden it stopped.

She felt him exit her, she felt him untie the blindfold. He reach in front of her and cut her wrists free. He took the belt off and pulled her head up as he twisted her around. He kissed her deeply, passionately.

He laid her down and spread her legs and he made eye contact with her. She wandered what it meant, he knew what he felt though. He had watched this girl from afar, he did. It want this first time ending in violent fucking. He wanted it to end in a less common way. He wanted her to want to love him after this.

He pressed himself into her, going as deep as he could, rested his elbows to the side of his head, kissed from her cheek to her ear where he stayed. Increasing his thrusts she could hear his breathing, hard and intense. He pulled his head up, looked her in the eyes and told her he was going to come. She had no want to make him pull out and he began feeling his pleasure raise. The pulse building from the sack that was slowly smacking against her. Raising all the way into his chest, and then he came. Her legs wrapped around him she begged for him to fill her. He came wave after wave. Until he collapsed on top of her. When he picked himself up both knew what had just happened from the look in their eyes.

This was not over, this was meant. This was love.