 A couple of days had passed since Hannah had seen or heard from Shaun. She was beginning to worry that it was a one time thing. Her shifts had drawn out as usual, and all it seemed she could think about was that day in the ambulance. Her bruises on her wrists were healing, but remained a constant reminder of the pure ecstasy she had felt, then the pure lifting of what felt like an amazing moment of love.

She didn't understand why he would do that and just not say anything to her. Was he embarrassed that it happened? Was he ashamed? She wasn't.

------------

Shaun was working his normal shifts. Boring, non-challenging, mundane shifts. The only thing getting him through these shifts now were the idea that maybe he would back Hannah up again. He had never did what they had did that day in the ambulance before. He felt the love after he came inside of her, but was scared to death that what had transpired prior to that was too much. He wanted to say something, anything but had no idea how to break the ice. "Hi, how are you, did you enjoy being turned into a dirty bitch the other day?" It just didn't seem appropriate. So his shifts drawn on

He had fantasized about tying her down again and again since. For some reason though it was the slow loving sex that his mind always wandered to. He had never felt what he felt before. Love? He thought he was incapable of it. Yet his mind wandered.

----------------

Tones had dropped and Hannah was both terrified and excited. A chest pain call. She would have to have ALS for this, by protocol if nothing else. She had been carefully listening to the radio all day and she knew Shaun was going to be her backup. Sure enough, his tones dropped as soon as she marked en route to respond toward her unit for backup. Excitement took hold. She had completely stopped wearing panties after he had his way with her, and now she could feel the wetness begin.

Riding to the scene all she could think about was how his eyes looked when he came. So intense, so deep, so full of something. Did he feel it too? As her partner marked on scene she pushed the thoughts away and went inside.

She was met by a woman standing with 2 bags of clothes at the door. The woman said she had been having chest pain for days and she knows she is going to be admitted for it, but her husband won't drive her to the hospital. She sighed and took the ladies bags from her and began walking with her to the ambulance. Hannah thought to herself, Shaun is going to be so pissed to come out to this. Damn this woman for making me look like an ass.

------------

Shaun had heard the pager and had made his way to the truck. This was going to have to happen now. He was going to have to look at Hannah. How was he going to do this? Was it going to be awkward? Was she going to be rude? Rudeness had never been a concern for him, why was it now? Fully convinced in his head that nothing good is going to come of this meeting he rode along.

This was taking forever, traffic everywhere, people driving stupid, his partner cussing them. What the hell, he thought, just get out of the damn way so I can get this over with. He truly felt like this traffic was delaying his execution. Finally a break and they are off. Minutes seemed like hours as they finally pulled into the driveway of the house where Hannah's ambulance set. Shaun got out and with a huge sigh began walking toward it while putting on his gloves. He took a deep breath before opening the back doors. The kind if breath one takes when they fear that they are about to drown.

He climbed inside, smiled and looked at the patient, completely avoiding all eye contact with Hannah. He asked his normal questions and then it was time. He looked at Hannah. She had a quizzical look on her face. What was that he thought. She gave him a report and Shaun told her driver to go ahead and start getting them to the hospital.

---------

Hannah was so confused now. Why was he avoiding eye contact? Was she truly just used for sex? Why would he risk a pregnancy and an 18 year future of child support and a bitchy one day fling for just sex? Was he truly not everything she had thought he was.

She could feel the anger building up in her. She watched as he started his IV, places a monitor and the other things he had to do. She was so mad at him, and herself. Then he looked up at her. That damn smile she thought to herself. What the fuck does he have to smile about. She seen his lips moving but was so infuriated that she didn't hear him. "What?" She said. She heard the words but did not believe them. Did he just apologize for taking so long to get to me for backup? What a dick. What about saying hi, or something like that? Did you ever think maybe you were taking to long with that she thought to herself.

She steamed as they finished the transport to the ER. Shaun disappeared inside and fighting tears she went behind her ambulance.

----------------

Shaun rushed as fast as he could to get the patient registered and everything squared away. Why the hell is everyone moving so slow he thought. Finally after everything was done he made his way outside. Completely blowing his partner off he began searching for Hannah. He had to talk to her. He could see how mad she was on the way over. He didn't want things that way. He couldn't look himself in the mirror one more time feeling the way he did.

He searched and then found her leaned against the side of her ambulance. He could see she was still pissed and decided to proceed with caution. "Hey, how are you." Is all he could muster. He could see the fury in her eyes as he noticed the bruise on the wrist of the arm she had folded over too of the other.

"Look", he said, "I know what happened the other day was... It was different. I have never did anything like that before and I am sorry.

I am sorry I haven't got in touch with you, and I am sorry I haven't seen you. It wasn't just sex. Do you believe me?" With that Hannah looked up at him, turned around and walked away.

"What the hell?" He thought. Shaun shook his head and made his way back to his ambulance. His partner asked if everything was ok and all Shaun could muster was a snark, fuck off asshole. His partner laughed and they left.

------------

Hannah had no idea to feel after that conversation. He at least acknowledged that it happened. Was he sorry he tied her down and had his way with her? Or was he sorry he came in her and made her believe someone on this earth may have actually connected with her? What an asshole she thought.

The ride back tin station for her was long to say the least. So many thoughts going through her head. She had a constant battle in her mind. She was so mad, but still being turned on by the memories of that day. What does she do now? How can she get past this.

The thought process was interrupted by her cell phone ringing. She answered and her boss was begging her to pick up a shift. She didn't really want to, but he was begging the way someone starving begs for food, so she agreed.

They finally got back to their station and she went straight inside and layer down thinking tomorrow was going to be a long day. She fell asleep in the strange angry but aroused state she had been on on the ride home.

------------

Shaun woke up, showered, shaved, prepared his uniform and got dressed. An overtime shift was not how he had imagined his day off today, but his bosses begging had got the best of him. He made his way into the kitchen of his station and made some coffee. He never could shake just how mad Hannah was at him all night. He had lost sleep over a girl he barely knew.

He made his cup of coffee, lots of sugar and lots of creamer, and took a drink. Sweet nectar of the gods he thought. His partner walked in and made a cup also and said he had to go home because his kid was sick. When Shaun asked who was coming in, all he got from his partner was a shrug.

Fuck, Shaun thought, damn mystery meat today. He took his cup of coffee and made his way into the living room. Set down and opened the news on his phone. More tragedy and bullshit he thought to himself. He heard the station door open and close. The thump of a bag being thrown on the ground and then foot steps. Really light footsteps. Then his new partner turned the corner.

----------------

"Son of a bitch!" Hannah thought when she turned the corner. How the hell was this going to work today. I knew I should have asked who my partner would be she fumed in her own thought.

All she could muster was a "hi" as she walked past him. She heard him say something about coffee but all she could think about was trying to find a reason to go home. Nothing was coming to mind though. She made her way to the other couch and sit down. She grabbed her phone and began trying to ignore him as much as possible.

Then she heard it again. That damn word. The word "sorry". She looked back at her phone and pretended she didn't care. She did though. She cared a lot. She looked up. Made eye contact with him, and asked him "Why didn't you call, or stop by?"

She listened as he explained about how he had no idea how to approach this situation. Was he being genuine she thought? Did really care?

They got their first call before any significant conversation could begin and they made their way to the ambulance.

She didn't want to have this conversation in front of a patient and asked if he could just stop talking until this call was over. He did.

-----------

Shaun felt like he was walking on a razor blade now. One wrong move and he was going to be cut in half balls first. This call is taking forever he thought as he was trying to make eye contact with Hannah. She however apparently had different thoughts because she was doing everything she could to avoid eye contact.

He was letting this little girl psych him out. She was winning this war of attrition. He knew she should win though. It was after all completely his fault this was going on in the first place. The call finished and he got into the drivers side seat.

The only words he could get out was "I am sorry, but i felt something the other day and I can't keep it in anymore."

----------

"Holy shit, what did he say?" Hannah thought speechless. She turned to him and asked what he meant. She listened as he explained the rough stuff was fun, but it wasn't what was sticking out in his mind. She listened as he explained how he really felt something when he was on top of her and how he was confused as to how to approach it. She stopped him mid sentence, unbuckled, moved her way over beside him and kissed him.

He looked at her, smiled, and it was enough for her. That damn devilish smile she thought. He had feelings the whole time. She had to know more. So she asked.

The next 30 minutes was spent listening to him explain how he had been crushing on her, how he liked her, and how he had felt something while having sex with her. Something more than lust. Something powerful.

She said nothing. She didn't know what to say for the longest time. When they got back to station she walked to the couch, sit down, looked him in the eyes and said "If you felt something then let's try this again, this time no tying me up, make love to me." She fully expected him to walk away. Instead he walked forward.

He leaned down, kissed her on the lips, slowly and softly. Placing his hand on her side and leaned into her harder. He was running his hand up her side gently when he pulled his lips away. He looked her in the eyes and kept eye contact while he was undoing her uniform. Button by button it was slowly coming off. He never broke his contact with her eyes until he finished unbuttoning the shirt. He took it off her and began kissing her again, soft and slowly.

He then pulled away from her lips and began kiss her right cheek, kissing his way to her ear and then down her neck. While still kissing her neck he began pulling her undershirt over her head, stopping the kissing just long enough for the shirt come off. He immediately kissed his way to her clavicle, kissing on it to the left while unclasping her bra with his right hand. He pulled it away with his left exposing her breasts.

He was amazed by the fact that they didn't move after the bra was removed. They were of perfect shape and perfect size. Her nipples puffy and standing at attention he kissed his way to her right nipple then took it in his mouth. He could feel her unbuttoning his uniform and pulling it away from his arms as he was licking and sucking her nipple. She undid the Velcro on his vest and it fell to the floor.

He kissed his way to her left nipple and began biting slightly on it as she began pulling on his belt, undoing it easily and pulling his button and zipper which dropped his pants. He started kissing down her stomach then stopped. Once again making eye contact with her he undid her belt, untied her boots and took both pants and boots off at the same time.

For the first time he was seeing her fully naked body. He was drinking in the sight. Her body was perfection on earth. Smooth and beautiful nothin stood in its equal under the heavens. Before he could snap into reality she had his pants, underwear and boots off also.

Now naked and exposed, they made eye contact once again. This time there was a hunger in both of their eyes. A primal hunger, something natural but dangerous. He began moving his way down to her pussy but she stopped him. Pulled him to her lips and placed her left hand on his cock and her right on his ass. She pulled him into her and inserted his cock into her hot pussy.

Instantly she shuddered, it filled her just as much and as deep as last time. He did not delay at all and began pumping in and out of her. Breathing on her neck, biting her ear and kissing her lips. They never closed their eyes. Staring deep into one another's soul. She could feel herself becoming more and more aroused and she began to moan.

Not only was she moaning but he was also grunting. She moaned his name and he began pumping harder, deeper, faster. She could feel herself ready to come. She held it back, she looked him in the eyes and asked if he was close to coming. All he could manage to get out was an uh huh in the low animalistic grunt. She let herself come and within seconds he was once again coming inside of her. Still never breaking eye contact they were breathing heavy, muscles burning and aching. He kissed her and leaned against her. He was almost helpless she thought.

A minute later he picked himself up. Looked her in the eyes and asked if she believed him now. She said yes as he was standing up to answer the phone. Neither had any idea how long it had been ringing and neither cared. He turned to her and said they had a call.

They dressed one another and left. Both knowing that this time for sure , without any doubt was an act of love. Neither wanted to be the first to admit it though.