 Author's note: I am a brand new member, but long time reader, on this site. This is my very first attempt ever in my life writing something like this. I am rather proud of it, and I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it.

Note #2: This story is also my submission for the 2019 Summer Lovin' contest. It's a bit of a late entry, but please vote anyway if you like this story.

Note #3: All persons in this story are fictional and over the age of 18. All acts contained within are completely consensual.

********************

A Limo Ride to Remember

"Oh my god, this is the biggest one I've ever seen!" Brittany gasped. She licked her cherry red lips as she gazed upon the giant hunk of meat presented in front of her. "I'm sorry, I just NEED to take a picture of this for Instagram." She reached into her purse, sifted through it for a few seconds, and took out her glittery silver cell phone. I rolled my eyes and sighed.

"It's just a steak, Brittany," I said as I stabbed into a generous portion of my side caesar salad. Brittany glared at me.

"It's not just a steak!" she exclaimed. "It's a filet mignon, the best portion of meat money can buy, and a 16 ounce portion at that!" She delicately held her phone in front of her and snapped a few pictures of her steak at various angles. Soon she was satisfied, and placed her phone back into her purse.

I looked at the slab of meat on her plate; it truly was a steak worth marvelling at, I suppose. I doubted the notion that this young, beautiful, five-foot fuck-all Vietnamese woman could even finish it in one sitting. "I've never even had filet mignon before. I think it's a little overrated and way too expensive," I said.

She cut a small piece onto her fork and placed it in her mouth. "Mmmm," she moaned, closing her eyes. "I don't care how expensive it is, the company's paying for it anyway."

"Yeah... about that," I said, "do you think Josh will be okay with this?"

Brittany scoffed, "Oh, fuck Josh! He's our boss, not our dad. Besides, there is no rule about inter-office relationships."

Wow, she actually dropped an f-bomb. I've never heard her do that before; she's always seemed so sweet and innocent at the office. "Um, yes there is," I said. "It's like, literally on the bulletin board in the break room, and probably in one of those papers we signed."

"Well, even so," she said, "this isn't a relationship. This is a friendly Friday night out between two intelligent, mature, responsible adults." I nodded in agreement and dug my fork into my pasta, stringing up an excessive amount of cheese, dangling it down into my mouth. I'm sure I looked like a fool. Brittany grinned and continued to slide her knife effortlessly through her tender steak, taking small bites and smiling in delight with each one. On her final piece, she rolled it around her plate, grabbing as much steak sauce as she good, and carefully brought it towards her. As her fork approached her mouth, a large glob of sauce landed on her teal sequin dress, right onto her left breast.

"Oh shit, that's embarrassing," she giggled. She grabbed a napkin from the table and began cleaning off the sauce. I tried not to look, considering it was her breast that she was cleaning off. I tilted my head down slightly and took a mouthful of salad, glancing my eyes upwards at her as she continued to wipe the sauce off of her dress. Brittany looked at me and smiled. Shit, she caught me, I thought. 

She leaned back in her chair and stretched. "I can't believe I ate the whole thing," she said in the girliest Homer Simpson impression I've ever heard. I couldn't believe she ate the whole thing either; she just ate one percent of her total body weight in meat. What a surprise this woman turned out to be. In less than an hour, I learned twice as much about her as I did in the three years we've worked together. Hell, this was the first time I've seen her in something that wasn't a pantsuit. She still rocks the same long, cute brown ponytail, though, glowing from the glimmering lights of the crystal chandelier above us.

I took my eyes off of her and looked past her shoulder, noticing the young waiter approaching our table. I reached into my pocket and took out our company's credit card.

"Can I get you two anything else tonight? Dessert, perhaps?" the waiter asked.

"No thanks, I believe we are done here. Thank you," I said. The waiter handed me the wireless payment machine, and after the payment with an overly generous tip, I smiled and put the card back in my pocket.

"Thank you so much," the waiter beamed. "You two have a wonderful night." Brittany and I stood up from the table and walked towards the main entrance. She stopped and leaned against the hostess stand for a moment to adjust her high heels. Brittany screamed as she realized the stand was not bolted to the floor, and both she and the stand began to topple over. I quickly leapt forward with my arms outstretched and grabbed her as the hostess stand crashed loudly on the floor.

Brittany looked at me, her beautiful brown eyes moistened up as she wrapped her arms around me. "Oh my god!" she sobbed, "Thank you, Jordan. Thank you so much!"

"No problem, Brittany," I said. "I wasn't going to let you get hurt." Brittany smiled. Her beautiful dimples were seconded only to her cute slight overbite that often gets exposed when she smiles. I've always loved that about her. As we exited the lovely air conditioned restaurant, we felt the sudden blast of warm summer Nevada air as we stood to the side of the crowded sidewalk.

"Come on, let's walk back to the hotel," she said. "We have an early flight back to Atlanta tomorrow."

"Walk back?" I asked. "Are you crazy? You took a cab here and you're wearing heels."

Brittany smiled. "It's so beautiful outside, I'd like to walk. Just look around you." She wasn't wrong. It really was a beautiful late August evening. The orange, pink, and violet hues of the sunset cascading along the Las Vegas strip was a spectacular sight to see. I turned to Brittany.

"That would be lovely, but I had something else in mind," I said, pointing towards the street. "Take a look over there."

Brittany's eyes widened as she saw what I was pointing at - a massive black Cadillac Escalade limousine parked on the curb. "You... you booked us a limo? Why?"

"Well, Josh only sent us on this business trip for two days," I said. "I've never been to Vegas before and I've always wanted to take a limo tour of the city. It seemed like a nice way to end our night."

Brittany flashed me her biggest smile ever, exposing both rows of her perfect snow white teeth. "This is so amazing!" she cheered. "I can't believe you did this for us!"

"Then let's close off this business trip with a beautiful experience," I said. We walked towards the limo, where the driver was patiently waiting, leaning against the vehicle and playing on his cell phone. He looked up from his phone as we approached him and stood up straight with his chin up, like a soldier standing at attention. In the blink of an eye, he went from stereotypical millennial to professional gentleman.

"Jordan?" he asked, relaxing himself and extending his open hand.

"Absolutely," I replied, shaking his hand. He had a gentle grip, which was a nice change from all the titan-gripped handshakes I got from clients and colleagues back home.

The driver smiled. "I'm Steve, and I'll be your driver for this evening. Inside you will find great comfort and luxury. Leather seats, wool carpet, adjustable stereo and temperature controls, and" -he opened up the side door, reached inside, and pulled out two bottles- "two complementary bottles of champagne." He smiled again and motioned us inside. Brittany gasped as she looked around inside.

"Oh my god! This is amazing!" Brittany observed with a gaping mouth the beautiful interior of this amazing vehicle. Pink and violet LED lights lined the ceiling and floor in a diamond pattern, and the walls were lined vertically with green and blue LED lights. On each side of the limo were three leather seats big enough for two people each, with a stand between each one containing four wine glasses each. At the front end of the party area was a bright screen for the stereo and temperature controls. Brittany stepped inside, removed her high heels right away and dug her feet into the soft wool flooring.

"I'll take you around the strip and also around other areas of the city because you booked me for two hours," Steve said. "If you have any questions, just press that red button by the control screen. I will leave you two be." Steve tilted his hat and walked away, getting into the driver's seat. I stepped into the limo and shut the door behind me.

"Wow, this is really something," I said. "I'm sure this'll be well worth the money."

Brittany giggled, "I'm sure it will be!" She immediately grabbed a bottle of champagne and delicately popped the cork. She giggled again as she sat down on one of the leather seats and placed the bottle on the table. She grabbed two glasses from under the table and filled each one of them up. The bubbles flowed over the rim and collapsed onto the table. Brittany motioned me over and put one of the glasses in my hand.

"To a wonderful business trip," I said, raising my glass. Brittany clinked her glass up against mine and began to drink. She smiled with delight as she swished the soft sweet bubbly around in her mouth. I sat down on the chair opposite of her.

"Nn, uh uh," Brittany objected with a violent head shake and another large gulp of champagne. "You come sit beside me." I wasn't certain what to make of that command, but I complied. The limo began moving and I looked out the window. The strip was so beautiful and bright, and the sunset had just neared completion, with just a slight orange glow on the horizon.

"I had a wonderful time tonight," I said. "I'm glad Josh sent us on this trip. This morning's meeting was stupid, but I'm happy we were able to make the most of it."

Brittany smiled at me, leaned back and swung her feet onto my legs. "Yes, this whole night was a great idea." I looked down at her freshly pedicured feet and glittery red toes and couldn't believe how flawless they were. She wanted to walk back to the hotel with these in high heels? I set down my glass and began rubbing her feet. They were so soft and smooth - not a single imperfection. Brittany finished her glass and poured herself another, then leaned back and closed her eyes. She's so beautiful, I could look at her like this forever, I thought.

I continued rubbing her feet while I looked out the window. We had just passed the famous Las Vegas sign as we left the strip, continuing down the road on our tour of other parts of the city. Brittany sat up and placed her hand on my thigh.

"Thanks again for saving me earlier." She began rubbing her hand back and forth on my thigh. Oh shit, what's she doing? I thought. I placed my hand on hers.

"It's no problem, Brittany," I said. "I'm happy I was there to stop you from getting hurt." Despite me trying to be sweet and romantic, knowing her hand was so high up on my thigh made my dick move. I can't do this, I thought. She's beautiful but she's my co-worker. Unfortunately, dicks don't care about that sort of thing and continued to squirm inside my slacks. It was getting to be in too uncomfortable of a position, and I needed to adjust it. I placed my glass down and tried to discreetly adjust my crotch to a more comfortable position.

Brittany grinned and pounded back her glass and set it on the table. "Hmm, I think I can help you with that," she said softly. She began to move her hand up higher on my thigh.

"Brittany," I objected, "what... what are you doing?" My dick continued to squirm, despite my objections to the situation.

"You and I both know we both want this," Brittany declared. "Three years we've been seeing each other in the office. Three years you've been looking at me and thought I didn't notice." She then leaned close and whispered in my ear, "I liked it, and I like you."

She placed her hand on my ever-growing bulge and smirked. She began caressing it, and looked at it intently, watching it swell up inside my slacks. "I think it needs to breathe," she whispered. She got down on her knees and deftly undid my belt buckle and unbuttoned my slacks. Pulling down my zipper and bringing my slacks down to my calves, she gazed at my package bulging out of my black boxer briefs, looked up at me and bit her bottom lip as she flashed her signature dimpled overbite smile.

"Mmm wow," she said softly, "you've got a lot going on down there." Brittany placed her palm on my bulge, only to see her hand could cover only just over half of it. She grinned and began caressing my cock gently over my underwear, her grin getting wider as she watched it grow.

Brittany leaned back and removed her ponytail, allowing her long, gorgeous, silky caramel brown hair to fall over her shoulders. Oh my god she is so fucking sexy. She leaned toward me and started kissing my bulging underwear, slowly working her way up towards my waist and pulling down my boxers with her teeth, revealing the solid prize underneath. Eyes wide and mouth gaping, she gripped my shaft with both hands. My cock was now at maximum hardness. "Holy shit!" she gasped. "This thing must be ten inches long!"

Eight and a half, I thought. Well above average, but still, I happily welcomed the over exaggeration. With her small, soft hands stacked over top of each other from the base of my cock, there was still at least an inch of shaft poking out, plus the head. She began slowly pumping my shaft with her hands, staring intently at my bulbous mushroom, her eyes sparkling with the reflection of all the bright LEDs surrounding us. She continued this for about a minute, occasionally moving her left hand up a bit to lightly stroke the edge of my cock's head, which not once did she take her eyes off of. Soon, the first drop of precum emerged from my tip.

Brittany grinned and bit her bottom lip. "Mmmmm, there it is." She stretched the tip of her tongue onto the tip of my cock and pulled back, watching the thick clear liquid string away. She giggled and did it again, while continuing to gently pump my shaft with her right hand. After a few precum strings, she decided it was time to envelop her lips around the head. She moaned as she swirled her tongue around and under my head, tightly wrapping her lips over it and pulling back for a pleasing popping sound. "Oh, god! Yes!" she yelled as a combination of saliva and precum dripped from her lips. She placed her mouth back on my cock as far as her throat would allow and passionately sucked the life out of me, vigorously sliding her hand up and down my slippery shaft. This was not the sweet and innocent Brittany I thought I had known for three years.

Brittany didn't want to stop. She was enjoying my cock in her mouth so much, and my groans of pleasure told her how much I was enjoying it. She just kept going and going, I couldn't take it much more. The sounds she made - the moaning, the slopping, the slurping, the popping. Sometimes I would close my eyes and just enjoy the sensation of her warm mouth and soft hands. When I opened them, I would see those beautiful Asian eyes looking up at me seductively. "Jesus Christ, Brittany, I'm going to cum if you keep this up. I think it's your turn now, baby."

"Mmmmm okay," Brittany replied, wiping her sopping mouth with her forearm. I stood up from the chair and allowed her to take a seat. She lifted up her dress to reveal her sexy white and pink striped cotton panties. Brittany leaned back and allowed me to get to work. I began kissing her ankles, and slowly worked my way up her calves and up to her thighs. Her legs were so smooth and soft, as if she had just gotten them waxed yesterday. She arched her back with a pleasuring moan as I kissed her inner thigh. I began kissing her pussy through her underwear.

"Mmmmm yes! Oh god please yes!" Brittany moaned as she shoved her fingers down her underwear and started doing the work herself. I ran my arms up her thighs, caressing them one last time, then pulled down her soft panties. Holy sweet fuck, I thought, the only hairs on her body are on her head. She was probably planning to fuck me on this trip the whole time, back at the hotel.

Brittany removed her hand from her pussy and let me in. This was literally the most gorgeous pussy I've ever seen. She really went out of her way to make whatever sexual encounter she planned to have with me extra special. I gently ran my tongue along her outer lips in a circle, then went a little further in. It tastes like... pickles? That's fucking awesome. I gave her whole pussy one slow, giant lick, finishing at her clit, which I began to gently suck on. Brittany's moans became a bit more noticeable. She moved her hands up her chest and pulled her dress down to expose her perky mango-sized tits. She squeezed them together and massaged them roughly.

I flicked her clit with my tongue gently against my upper teeth a few times, then I started to lick the outer area around her clit. Brittany's moans and squirms became even more intense; I knew I was on the right track. I increased the intensity of my licking on and around her clit, and shoved my tongue deep into her pussy every few seconds to relax my jaw. She seemed to be enjoying the increased intensity, so I went back to doing that. I don't care how sore I get, I thought, I'm going to make this girl cum.

I focused on the outer area around her clit, flicking my tongue up and down and side to side with a dedicated rhythm. I felt comfortable with this rhythm and knew I could go on for a few minutes. Brittany's moans became very intense as she squirmed in ecstasy. "Oh god don't stop!!" she screamed. "Oh god! Ooohhhhh! Mmmm! Yes! Yesss! YES! OH GOD! OOHHHH!" Brittany's hips raised up. She let loose one more scream as I felt the satisfying gush of fluid from her perfect pussy onto my chin. "Ooohhh myyy godddd! Yessss!"

I sure hope that divider window between us and Steve is very soundproof...

Brittany sat up in the chair. "That's it!" she declared. "I want that big fucking cock inside of me right now!" She violently pulled my shirt off and pushed me to the floor. She then removed her dress completely, revealing the rest of her unsurprisingly flawless, smooth body. She threw her dress aside and knocked over a glass, shattering it on the floor. Brittany got on top of me and dug her nails into my chest, then positioned herself to allow my still fully-hard cock to stretch open her lips and enter her small, tight, freshly lubricated pussy. A quick wince of pain on her face from the stretching immediately changed to a face of pleasure.

"Oh, fuck YES!" Brittany announced. Her eyes rolled back with her mouth gaping as she slowly lowered herself down, allowing my cock to become fully inserted inside of her. She looked so amazing up there; her long hair flowing over her shoulders just barely reaching her beautiful hard nipples, the way her eyes would roll back every time she brought herself back down to the base of my cock. She continued to dig her nails into my chest as she increased the speed in which she would bounce up and down, moaning the entire time. I lifted up my arms to get a feel of those nice soft tits, squeezing them and massaging them, gently pinching her nipples every so often. Every second of her being up there was pure heaven; she was so perfect to look at. I worshipped her body; this naked five foot fuck-all Vietnamese goddess was towering overtop of me, riding my cock, in complete control. I ran my hands along her tits and down her perfect hourglass body.
