 He presses her up against her car, fingers laced together in the small of her back, his pelvis pushes lightly up to hers, barely keeping it just friendly. The only part of his body moved away from hers is his head because he can't stop looking at her. 

His words about his work, the ostensible conversation, dry up and his eyes glaze over like he's dreaming.

"What?" she smiles and laughs low in her throat. She knows what, but she wants to hear what he'll say. 

He pulls in ever so slightly closer, pressing up against her a fraction more. She can feel his heat and she responds to it at a primal level. Her heart booms violently against her ribs. 

"Nothing. No thoughts left at all," he replies, a little breathless. "God, you are beautiful." His eyes keep hers. His hollow, breathy words belie the joking smile.

Impulsively she kisses him. Hard and lingering but closed mouthed. He inhales sharply, his hands move up to her shoulders, clasping her closer. 

She moves her lips away with great difficulty and burrows her cheek in his chest. "We're going to Hell," she murmers with a guilty smile.

He pulls back to gaze at her again with those dreamy eyes. "Yeah, but at least there'll be a great view." His eyebrows are raised and a sardonic smile rests on those sweet lips she craves.

She kisses him again, slowly and more lingering this time. His embrace tightens further. His breath quickens, as does hers. Her hands wander up his back to the nape of his neck, toying with the hair there. He shifts his lips off of hers, gently kissing her cheek, nuzzling it. She returns his action. Her heart pounds crazily against her chest and she feels his pound in return. Their chests, and every other possible inch of them are glued together. 

They are becoming synchronized physically, it's always been their connection. Physical and chemical, obliterating duty and sweet reason. She's missed this dance so much. She will not fight this time. She knows he won't either.

She is held, spellbound in his arms. His lips kiss her slowly, feather light. Cheeks, nose, forehead and eyelids. His soft hot breath caresses her face. 

He whispers her name, hot breath in her ear.

"Yes," she whispers back.

"Come with me?" he asks, tentatively, keeping their cheeks together so she cannot look at him or draw away. 

"Yes," she replies without hesitation. 

He gathers up her hands and tugs her toward his truck before she can change her mind. He walks her to her door, and their bodies bump and press into each other. They will not move far enough away from the other to make efficient or graceful progress but they get there. 

He hands her up into the seat and gives her a long kiss on the lips. His hands graze her breasts and belly, travel down to her thighs, parting them slightly. Her hands seek his legs, his hips, opening her legs further and pulling him in between them. He responds for an instant, pressing fully into her and deepening his kiss. He pushes back with an agonized look and groans, "Not here."

It is hard to pull away but they do. It leaves her shaken, her legs weak, her core moist, warm and aching. He stumbles his way over to the driver's side. He can't keep his eyes off of her. His hands tremble. He has trouble keying the ignition because of it.

She laughs at their shared disorientation and places her hand on his, "Look at what you're doing."

"It's hard..." he says

"I know," she replies, kissing him. She places her cheek on his and whispers in his ear, "I don't want to stop either but we need to get there."

"Where? Any ideas?" he murmurs between kisses on her neck and ear that make her moan and shiver.

"Somewhere very close," she moans and pushes back in to him, craving more of those lips and hands. 

She stiffens, pulling out of the warm, sticky paralysis and placing her hands upon his arms. She holds him back, looks directly at him. They are both panting, their breaths coming in gulps. "Take me there now," she says, "I need a lot more than you can give me here."

He nods and concentrates on the task at hand. He keys the ignition and pulls out into traffic, barely paying attention to the other cars, focused on getting them there. His hand still shakes and she takes it, stilling him.

"It's so hard not to touch you," his voice is strained and his hand clasps hers.

"I know!" she shudders, squeezing his in return.

He pulls in to the first hotel they see ahead. He runs through the light to get there. Luckily it is late morning and no one is around. He parks in the closest spot and slams it into park, killing the engine. 

He looks at her and cups her face in his hands. He gives her one more kiss and says, "Wait here. Please don't go."

She kisses him deeply in return and moves back to release him. His hands grab fistfuls of her clothes as she does, prolonging their contact. He relaxes his grip but doesn't move; looking at her, frozen in place. "Hurry back," she prods.

He snaps out of it and rushes out, slamming the door behind him. She follows him with her eyes till he disappears around the side of the wall. 

She sits and tries to cope with the conflicting emotions. Sweet reason that tries to shout down the delicious sensations inundating her. Her body is alive, attuned to every movement and touch of his. She has not been here in so long. She will not waste it with regret this time, regardless of the cost. There will be time for that later. The resolution seems to be enough to quiet the doubt for now. 

She closes her eyes and imagines what will happen. Remembers what just has. Wallows in it. She shivers with the anticipation of his touch, the longing for his return. When she opens them again, she sees him rushing back to her.

He throws open her door and pulls her out. He is tugging at her like an impatient child. Joyful laughter escapes his lips and she joins him. Laughter full of guilt, mirth and giddy expectancy. They kiss, hard and fast and greedy. Their bodies mash together for a second and then he is jogging, her hand in his, carrying her along with him. 

They rush through a side entrance and a dimly lit labyrinth of hotel room doors. He stops in front of the one that must be theirs, jamming the key in the slot, roughly. The light flashes red, denying them entry. He curses under his breath and moves to push it in again. She takes it from him and deftly slides it back into the slot. She does it gently while looking him in the eyes, a wicked smile on her face. "Take your time," she says and he groans appreciatively. 

He runs his hands up her sides and pulls her in for a deep wet kiss that they continue as they push their mingled bodies through the door. 

He backs her further into the room, his languid kiss going on and on. His tongue so deep in her mouth, making her drunker by the second. His hands move to her hips, delicately pushing her pelvis away from his. 

His hands work methodically, unbuttoning, unzipping, easing her pants and panties downward. She follows his lead, unbuckling, unbuttoning, undressing him. As she removes his boxers she lets her hands feel him for the first time in years. She caresses him and he pulses in her hand. They both moan, The feel of him makes her impatient and so hungry for him. She breaks their kiss and whips his shirt over his head. 

"Take your time," he laughs, firmly placing her arms at her side for a moment. He grins at her eagerness. 

He resumes the kiss and the slow liquid heat between them continues to simmer. He unbuttons her shirt, slowly. When he reaches the last one he slips his hands into the opening, sliding them across her ribs and up her back, unhooking her bra deftly. He pushes sleeves and straps. The garments that were barely hanging on to her slip off and fall to the floor. His touch is careful, respectful and loving.

His kiss works through her like a potion. It fills her with drowsy warmth, blotting out sensations unrelated to him. She is hyperaware of his body, his hands, his every move and she moves with him as they fall on the bed. One hand is at her breast, molding it with his hand, toying with her nipple. The other is on the small of her back, pulling her in closer. 

She can't wait, the sensation is too strong, they've waited too long for each other. She grabs his hips and moves him on top of her. He grinds his hot hard cock up against her aching slit, teasing her with it. 

"Fuck me!" she cries out, lifting her hips to catch him but he slides deftly away.

"Soon lover, soon. Come for me first," he whispers between kisses. 

He is agonized, she can tell he wants to do but that is holding back; making sure she has the most pleasure she can. He rubs his long shaft against her clit, sliding up on her again and again but not inside. It makes her helpless. She wants him inside so badly but she doesn't want him to stop this either. It feels delicious. She spreads her legs wide and enjoys him working upon her. 

She moans out his name, agonized.

He shudders, "Oh God I love when you say my name!"

She does it again, louder. "You're so good! Please, please don't stop." so relieved not to have to hold back, so eager for him to continue.

"Anything for you my love," he resumes at a slower pace, more pressure, more deliberate. His kisses deepening, penetrating her like he soon will from below.

He keeps at it, slipping around on her, getting soaked by her until she's coming. Yelling his name and begging him to please, please fuck her. Her cries spur him on to grind into her a still little harder. 

He smiles down at her dreamily, so happy to just watch her tremor and writhe, helpless with pleasure. Just as she thinks she must stop him because she can no longer stand it, he scoops himself down low and slides up inside of her swiftly. He closes his eyes and draws in a deep breath, his face contorting.

"Oh my God! I've wanted this for so long," he croons to her, voice full of sweet surrender.

"Yes, my love. I've longed for you too." she gasps, pushing back up into him.

"I love you," he keens it 

"I love you," she replies without hesitation.

His sweet face is blissful as she knows hers must be. He kisses her as he moves within her. She grasps him with both hands from behind. Pushing him full into her as deep as he will go. He is huge, so wide, opening her up and leaving her gulping for air. He pulls back slowly and buries himself in her again. 

He's holding her legs back now, pushing them back until they rest on his chest. It allows him to get in deeper with each thrust. He kisses her calves lovingly and descends upon her with relish. 

He sets a deliberate pace, slow and forceful. It goes on and on till she is dizzy with it, reeling. He is in control of their motion and she can feel every inch of him, sliding in and then pulling out almost to the tip before returning to her. She squeezes around him tightly, tugging on him as he moves. She is still contracting from her first climax and is building to a second, deeper one. 

As he pushes in again her orgasm explodes from within her, radiating out from deep inside of herself. Her entire body pulses with it and she moans out her pleasure. He must feel it too. He slams into her one last time, as far as he can and cries out her name.

His entire body goes rigid and his face is contorted in ecstasy. He remains that way frozen for a moment and then collapses upon her, allowing her legs to fall. 

He kisses her deeply, still inside of her. "My God, I love you!" he says, his lips moved to her neck, kissing, sucking. 

"Love you too, baby," she murmurs, trying to catch her breath. She is still shaking and spasming, riding the aftershocks he's created within her. Satisfied warmth pervades her. She craves more of him but for now all she wants is his arms around her. She needs to sleep in his arms and feel his sweet breath on her. And like he's read her mind she receives it. He withdraws, reluctantly. He encloses her in his embrace, which she returns tightly.

"Thank you," she whispers.

"My pleasure," he laughs squeezing her tighter. "You don't think we're done, though? Do you?" he pulls his face back to look at her, eyes glinting.

"Ohh nooo," she replies wickedly. "We're making the most of this! But right now..."

"I just want to hold you," he finishes for her, his face softening.

"Exactly," she says, dropping the sex kitten demeanor. 

"I love you. I always have from the first second I saw you. And I always will," his voice is choked with emotion that makes her heart contract painfully.

"You've never given me a reason to doubt that. No one has ever made me feel this loved, this intensely for this long. I love you too. You're never out of my mind or my heart." 

They kiss slow and drowsy for a time. Then she nestles her head on to his chest. His heartbeat lulls her as he cradles her, covering her hair with soft kisses. Their breathing slips into rhythm. They drift off into a light sleep, in each other's arms.