 A mutual friend of ours has sent us out together on a blind date. We haven't even spoken on the phone – I was just told to show up at the restaurant at 8pm wearing a blue rose. I get there a few minutes early and sit at the bar sipping a drink. I turn around to check the door again, and suddenly you're standing barely a foot away from me. ''Hi'' you say, and introduce yourself. You shake my hand and you have a strong, firm grip. You look into my eyes and tell me "I think we're going to have a good time tonight". Then you drop your gaze to my chest for a second and give me a wicked smile. You're already making me wet.

The waiter comes over and informs us that our table is ready, and you take me by the upper arm and guide me through the room. When we are seated, reading the menus, you lean across and whisper to me "Are you wearing panties?" Blushing, I smile at you and say "Yes, of course". "Then take them off and give them to me", you demand. "Here. Take them off now", you move around to sit next to me and reach under the table with one hand. You rest it on my knee for a second and then run it up the inside of my thigh – making me gasp and look around. "Stop" I whisper fiercely, "No", you whisper back, grinning at me, "Not until I have those panties". With that your hand moves higher and higher. I yelp and try to cover it with a coughing fit, convinced that the whole restaurant must be aware of what is going on.

Your hand starts to tug at the waistband of my panties and I smile and lift my ass slightly to allow you to slide them off. I draw up my legs under the table and you slip the underwear off and put them in you pocket. "That's better", you sigh. Just then the waiter returns to take our order. Once he has left, you again reach under the table. You move your hand up towards my stomach, gently brushing my clit with your fingers on the way. I become very wet in response to your touch, and you smear your fingers with my juices and lift them to your mouth. Then you put your fingers into my mouth and I suck on them…

This goes on for a while until the waiter returns with our meals. Once he leaves, you tell me to spread my legs, and I eat like this, my pussy beginning to ache… in a low voice you tell me that you are becoming very hard and your cock is throbbing, and you take one of my hands and guide it to your lap to show me… it feels rock hard to me.

We eat in silence for a few minutes and then you grab my wrist and pull me over to you, whispering into my ear, "Go to the bathroom and wait for me!" A minute later you follow me in and push me into a cubicle. I sit on the toilet lid while you release your straining cock from your pants and I take it in both hands and kiss it. I kiss it all over; I run my tongue up the underside and take the head in my mouth. Sucking, my hot wet mouth wrapped around your hard throbbing cock. You push in a bit more and I take you deeper in. 

I'm fondling your balls in my hand, squeezing them, tugging on them, while slowly taking more of your cock in my mouth. Can feel it nudging my throat. You start sliding it in and out… in and out, faster and faster, going further and further with every stroke until I'm swallowing your whole cock…

You slowly pull your cock out of my mouth and tell me to stand up. You turn me around and tell me to grab my ankles… I do. You lift up my dress and run your hand over my bare ass. I feel your tongue in my pussy, in my ass, licking me… mmm… feels so good. You stick a finger in my pussy and slide it in and out. I moan and squirm on it. You put a second finger in, then a third… by now juices are running down my thighs and I'm pimping my hips back into you. I feel you put a finger just inside my ass and I push back onto it, swallowing your finger…

You fuck me like this for a few minutes, then all of your fingers leave me and I feel the tip of your cock pushing into my hot, wet, aching pussy. You shove into me and I lose my balance and fall against the door. You throw your weight onto me, fucking me like a man possessed, ramming your big thick cock into me as hard as possible. You reach around and find my breasts, squeezing them, pinching my nipples, shoving your cock into me…

I drop one hand to my clit and rub it… I moan… you tell me you are cumming, so I thrust my hips back into you hard, and rubbing my clit faster and faster… aaahhh… we both explode at the same time, you shoot your hot cum into me, over my back and ass… aaahhh…

You clean yourself off, zip up your pants and leave the bathroom, telling me you'll see me back at the table… and to think about all the wicked things you're gonna do to me when you get me home with you...