 Author's note: Many thanks for the warm reception that my first story received. Many of you commented that you'd like to see more from our intrepid couple so here we are. The original idea for the story didn't extend past the end of the first instalment so I hope that I don't spoil it by continuing.

We pick up the story at the end of the first chapter with a little overlap for context. I hope you enjoy...



Nikki woke slowly. She had been dreaming of something. She couldn't remember exactly what, but she was sure it was a nice dream because she felt happy. She was also warm and comfortable and there was something else too. Something she couldn't put her finger on at first. Something was different. The bed felt different. The duvet was a little lighter than normal and smelled different; of sex. Not an overpowering stench you understand, but definitely sex. And why wasn't she wearing any clothes?

Then she tried to move. And every muscle in her body seemed to complain at once. Like a collective voice of protest from body to head that said: "Not today. We're having the day off". 

But it was a pleasant aching that she felt, like after hard day's work when you can enjoy the feeling of relaxing in bed. 

And that's when she remembered what had happened to her. She could almost still feel how good Tom's fingers had felt inside her as his tongue worked her clit. She let out a gentle moan at the memory. 

At the sound, a warm lump of man behind her shifted on the bed. Tom snuggled closer so that he was spooning behind her. She felt his arm reach across her and hold her against his muscular torso.

"Hello sleepy-head" he whispered in her ear.

"Hello you." She replied and wiggled her bottom suggestively against him.

"How are you feeling?" Tom asked

"I'm aching all over. You don't know a good masseur do you?"

"As a matter of fact, I do."

With that, Tom's fingers began to trace gently down her side and across her toned stomach. At the same time, Nikki felt his lips begin to gently nibble at the side of her neck. Her body instantly started to respond. Her skin began to pucker up into goose bumps under his touch and she felt her breathing getting ragged. She wanted nothing more than to melt into his arms again and let him take her to the same heights of pleasure that he'd managed earlier. But she wasn't sure her body could take it in her weakened state so she stopped his hand with one of hers and pulled away from his kisses slightly. 

Tom instantly backed off. "Sorry." He said "I just thought that after earlier. You know?"

Nikki lifted his hand to her mouth and kissed it gently. "I'm not stopping you because I don't want you. Please don't think that. I just need to recover a bit. That was pretty intense before!"

"OK." There was relief in his voice. "I was worried I'd freaked you out a bit just then." 

"No chance." Nikki replied holding his hand against her cheek as he snuggled closer again. 

"No chance? Be careful what you wish for. You've already uncovered my dirty little baby oil secret. Who knows what other dark perversions I've got hidden from public view?"

"Oh no!" Nikki chuckled. "And here's me all naked and weak as a lamb." 

"I know. It's just as well none of my fetishes relate to stunningly beautiful naked ladies or you might be in trouble."

Nikki giggled again but the compliment didn't go unnoticed. 

"In all seriousness." Tom continued. "My main craving at the moment is for food. Breakfast seems a long time ago now."

"What time is it?" Nikki suddenly realised that she'd completely lost track.

"Just after five."

"Shit. So I was asleep most of the day? You must have tired me out more than I realised. I'm really sorry. Have you been here the whole time? What a waste of your Saturday."

"I got up a couple of times. I did a few hours' work on the laptop too. You were dead to the world. I must have drifted off myself for a bit. That's why I forgot to get some lunch. You must be hungry too."

Right on cue, Nikki's stomach growled its agreement. They bough laughed. 

"I'll take that as a yes." Tom said. "Time to formulate a plan then. Why don't I go out and get a movie and some take-away and we can decamp to the lounge for an evening of slobbery and laziness?"

"Sounds perfect. On two conditions though. One: you let me pay. And Two: you call in at my flat on the way past and pick up my toothbrush. I don't want stinky breath just in case I find anyone worth kissing in the next few hours." The last statement was followed by a sloppy kiss planted on the back of his hand that she was still holding. 

"OK, sounds fair to me." Tom replied. "If you want anything else from your flat then I can pick it up too and then perhaps you might like to stay here tonight so I can keep an eye on you. Just to make sure you're OK you understand; not because I like looking at you or anything."

"Of course. And I'd only be staying because I'm too weak to walk home, not because I like you looking after me or anything." Tom could hear the smile in her voice as she spoke. 

"Right then." Tom reluctantly disentangled himself from Nikki and slid out from under the duvet. "I'll get right on it."

Tom handed Nikki her coat and she dug out her purse and handed him some cash. They exchanged mobile numbers and agreed that pizza was what they wanted. Tom rang ahead and ordered while Nikki fished out her keys for him.

"It's flat number 6b. Will you find it OK?"

"I'll be fine." Tom replied. "I'll give you a call when I get there and you can talk me through what you want me to grab. Have a think about what sort of film you want. Right, I'm off. Wish me luck!"

-

Tom grabbed a small rucksack from the hall and a coat from behind the front door and headed out onto the street. 

His head was a bit fuzzy from sleeping during the day and it was good to get some fresh air. 

It also gave him time to reflect on the weekend's events so far. A lot had happened in twenty four hours. At this very moment, the woman that he'd been looking forward to seeing about this time yesterday was currently lying naked in his bed. The thought left him shaking his head and grinning from ear to ear. 

It was easy to find the door to Nikki's flat. His guess of where she lived had been about right. He hadn't realised the these houses were broken into flats but he was right that she was about 4 doors down from him on the other side of the road. He paused at her door and took out the keys she had given him. Suddenly he thought about what he was about to do and felt a bit apprehensive. It almost felt like a violation to be walking around in someone's flat when you didn't know them that well. Still, it was her idea after all. In any case, he'd promised to phone her so she'd practically be with him anyway. 

He put his hands-free kit in his ear and called her. 

"Hi" Came Nikki's voice.

"Hi, I'm outside your flat."

"I know, I can see you."

Tom turned around and saw her looking out of his bedroom window. She was holding the phone to her ear with one hand and clutching the duvet across her front with the other. Tom gave a little wave .

"I can't wave back because I'm kinda tied up with my hands here."

"I know, I was hoping I'd trick you into dropping the duvet."

"Cheeky! Are you going in or what?"

"OK, here we go." Tom opened the door and walked in.

It was a good sized flat and Nikki kept it pretty clean from what Tom could see. He was glad he'd had a chance to clean up his place before she'd woken up the first time because she probably would have been appalled to see the state of it if she'd walked in like he was doing now.

"Where am I going then?" He asked.

"Bathroom first. It's at the far end of the hall."

Tom walked down the hall noting the kitchen on the right and lounge on the left. The next door on the right was closed and he presumed the bedroom lay beyond it. At the end, he pushed open the last door and stepped into a compact bathroom. 

"OK, I'm here. What do you need?"

"Well, the toothbrush should be by the sink. You'd better grab my toothpaste too. There should be a washing bag in the cupboard under the sink you can put it all in."

"OK, got that. You you want some shampoo too in case you want another bath?"

"Yep, that's a good idea. shampoo and conditioner are on the side of the bath. You can leave the bubble-bath behind, I think I can manage without it."

Tom chuckled. "Anything else from here?"

"Nope, all I need now are some fresh clothes. You'd better head for the bedroom. First door on your left."

As Tom gently pushed open the door to Nikki's bedroom he could smell her. Tom always noticed the smell of an unfamiliar building but here the smell was stronger and it reminded him of her. He took a deep breath and savoured her scent. They say that smell is one of the most evocative of senses and Tom found himself remembering the same fragrance as he had snuggled up to Nikki earlier. He recalled how soft her skin felt when he'd kissed her neck and how she'd responded to his touch.

"Are you there or what?" The voice in his ear shook him out of his daydream.

"Sure, what do you need from here?" He replied.

"Well, I'll need something to wear tomorrow. I'll just wear these jeans again but I'll want a fresh top to change into. You've seen most of my outfits. What do you think I should wear?"

"Wow, this must be a first; me being asked for fashion advice! What sort of thing do you want?"

"I dunno, it's not like I was going to be going out in it. I thought perhaps you might have a favourite you'd like me to wear."

Tom was about to protest that he hadn't studied her in enough detail to have a favourite but they both knew that wasn't exactly true. Their regular encounters in the street over the last few weeks had given him plenty of opportunity to examine her clothing. Without any particular coaxing on his part, an image popped into his head of her walking towards him wearing her jeans and a tight red top with a sweeping neck-line. He remembered it because it was the first outfit she'd worn that had shown off her cleavage. 

"Err, OK. You've got a red top that I remember. It's got kind of a round neck-line. I don't really know how to describe it."

"I know the one you mean. I don't have many red tops. Do you see the chest of drawers next to the dresser? I think it's in the second drawer from the top. Have a look."

Tom crossed the room and pulled open the drawer in question. It was full of neatly folded tops. Tom recognised a few of them. After a quick rummage, he found the one he'd remembered. 

"Got it." He said. "I've tried not to mess things up too much in there but I've got clumsy big man-hands remember?"

"Yeah, I remember. Don't worry, it won't be the first thing your hands have left in a mess recently but I'm not complaining!"

Tom didn't quite know how to respond to that so he just asked: " What else do you need."

There was a short pause from Nikki and then: "Well, this is a bit awkward but, um, I'm gonna need something to wear underneath it. Do you think your big clumsy man-hands can manage to hook me out some undies?" 

Tom had known this was likely to happen - after all if she was going to need fresh clothes then underwear had to be at the top of the list – but the thought of going through her most intimate clothing had been too much for his poor little brain to handle on top of recent events. So he'd just blanked it out. "Keep it together Tommy-boy." He mentally chided himself. It's just some fabric in a drawer nothing to get excited about. 

But when, under Nikki's guidance, he pulled open the top drawer of her night-stand, he was forced to re-consider that statement. Tom had been under the impression that women tended to stick to plain and boring but comfortable underwear most of the time with the occasional "special occasion" lingerie. But it seemed he was wrong about that. The drawer was packed with a bewildering array of bras of all different colours and styles. The only thing that they had in common was the fact that none of them looked plain or boring. In fact it looked like someone had walked into the nearest high-end lingerie store, bought one of everything and put it there for Tom to find. As Tom gently sifted through them, he couldn't help but picture what Nikki would look like wearing them. He'd only seen her fully naked from behind but that didn't stop him from painting a vivid picture in his head of how her gorgeous body would be presented to him in some of the bras he was rummaging through. 

"Tom? Can you still hear me?" Nikki's voice snapped him back in focus. 

"Yep, I'm here. What am I looking for?"

"Well I've got a particular bra that goes with the top. The neckline doesn't work with most of them. It's a red balcony bra. Do you know what that is?"

"I think I've got it. It's quite, um, lacy." Tom pulled out the garment and held it up. The cups were made of very sheer lace and were only just over half the height of some of the others. Tom could see how it could be described as a "balcony" bra. He had a quick peek at the label. 32 B it said. A nice handful but not much more, just the way Tom liked it. 

"That'll be the one." Nikki carried on, oblivious of his careful study of her skimpies. "There should be some knickers that go with them in the drawer below."

"OK, I'll have a look." Tom put the bra on the bed and opened the lower drawer. Unsurprisingly, it contained a similar array of panties to the selection of bras he'd just seen. There were plenty of different styles and colours. Nikki seemed to like thongs as there were more of these than any other type. Tom couldn't fault her preference; he was extremely partial to a good thong too. Remembering just what a sweet backside she had, Tom's imagination kicked into overdrive thinking how it would look framed by the small strings of some of these. He was so pre-occupied with the thongs that he reached the bottom of the pile without finding anything that matched the bra. But he found something else. Under all of the knickers, he discovered a small bottle of lube and vibrator. It was a simple cylindrical device, the type where you twist one end to switch it on. Tom was momentarily frozen as an image popped into his head of Nikki writhing on the bed furiously working the vibe in and out of her soaked pussy. Not for the first time this weekend, Tom had to rearrange has manhood to accommodate its hardness. 

"Have you not found them yet?" Again her voice brought him back to reality. "You can't miss them, they're the same material as the bra."

Tom quickly flicked through the pile again and spotted them.

"I've got them, kinda like lacy hot-pants?" 

"Yep, that's them. I think that's just about all I need except some pyjamas." Tom was a bit disappointed. He had been hoping to keep her naked all night but he couldn't complain if she wanted to curl up in a nice comfortable set of boring flannel pyjamas after what she'd been through.

"Where are they?" He asked. 

"Back to the big chest of drawers. In the bottom drawer, you'll find a plastic bag. Just chuck the whole bag in your pack. It's got some sleep-wear in it. I've not had a chance to wear it yet so it's still in the bag from the shop but it will be perfect for lounging around in."

Tom did as requested without bothering to look inside the bag. After the clothing he'd just been handling, the prospect of looking at some sensible sleep-wear didn't exactly pique his curiosity. Anyway, the pizza would be waiting for him and he was hungry. 

After checking with Nikki that he had everything he needed and a brief discussion on film choices, he disconnected the call and headed off towards the dvd rental shop. 

-

Nikki lay on her back on the bed. She was summoning up the energy to get up. After she'd watched Tom go into her flat, she'd returned to the bed to continue their conversation on the phone. She'd had no reservations at all about letting Tom wonder about her flat without her which surprised her. Normally it took Nikki a long time to trust someone. She was naturally a fairly solitary person and she didn't let her guard down easily. In the past, this had been the reason for relationships to fail when boyfriends grew frustrated as they sensed that she never fully opened herself to them emotionally – and perhaps sexually too. On the rare occasions that she had felt like opening up to people, it had come after she'd taken a long time getting to know them. Now, with Tom, everything was backwards. The circumstances of their meeting had completely by-passed her defences. The fact that she had been so vulnerable and Tom had cared for her so sincerely meant that she simply felt instantly comfortable in his presence.

So now she was in the utterly alien situation of trusting someone completely but not really knowing them at all. The prospect of getting to know Tom better was something Nikki was looking forward to a great deal. 

But, whilst she had felt comfortable letting him explore her flat, she'd still got a thrill out of guiding him towards her underwear drawer. Luckily, thanks to her recent predilection for matching lingerie, she knew their contents would have been quite a sight to any red-blooded male. Tom had already made it very clear that he found her attractive, both with his comments and with the way he looked at her. This made Nikki much more confident and brazen than she could ever have imagined herself being. It wasn't strictly true that she needed that bra to go under the red top but she'd always thought it was one of her most sexy and she loved the idea of Tom holding it up and trying to imagine what she would look like wearing it. He'd played it cool on the phone but she could tell by the way he'd gone quiet a few times that it was having an effect on him.

The fact that she was lying naked on Tom's bed whilst she encouraged him to examine her underwear was having as much effect on her as she hoped it was having on Tom. As she'd held the phone in her left hand, her right had slipped between her legs almost without her noticing. She'd been surprised by how wet she'd been and it felt so good as her fingers had gently spread her lips, working her juices around and making her even more slippery. 

Whilst Tom was searching for the briefs, she'd momentarily wondered if he would find her vibrator at the bottom of the pile. The thought thrilled her more than she expected. She could have done with having the vibe to hand at that moment actually. It felt like she would only have had to turn it on and slip it into her moist tunnel and she would have climaxed almost instantly. 

It was probably for the best that the call had come to an end not long after that. She'd meant what she'd said to Tom earlier about her body not being ready for another orgasm. 

So now she lay and waited for Tom's return. It felt strange to be alone all of a sudden. She was used to it of course but it had felt so good to share some relaxed, intimate company that she felt the contrast of being by herself intensely.

Knowing that he wouldn't be long, and wanting to have made it downstairs by herself in time for his return, Nikki finally built up the strength to move. She was a little unsteady on her feet but she managed to stand without too much drama. As liberating as it felt to be standing naked in Tom's bedroom, she decided to hunt for something to cover herself prior to his return. Since he'd been looking around her bedroom, it felt only fair that she return the favour. 

It didn't take her long to find a fluffy white robe in the wardrobe. It was a little big for her. The hem was down to her ankles and it wrapped almost around to her back but it would have to do.

She had better luck negotiating the stairs than earlier but it still tired her out more than she expected. She had to stop and sit on the bottom step for a rest. That's where she was when Tom came in the front door. 
