 This story is true. I hope you like it.

*

I was falling for her. I really was. Stephanie and I had become inseparable in the previous two or three months and it had really made it a great summer. We met at a college party in upstate New York, both of us had been drinking pretty heavily and I overheard her speaking Spanish. I had taken some Spanish in high school and now in college so I chimed in. Her boyfriend didn't like it too much when we started carrying on a conversation, but I really didn't care, in fact, I didn't like him and really would not have minded a chance to whip his scrawny ass.

A week or two later Stephanie and I met up and I had to talk to her again. This time it was at a country bar, Bullwinkle's, and we danced a couple of times. After dancing, I bought her a beer and we began to talk. What a great girl, we were really hitting it off. She told me that she had broken up with her boyfriend and I immediately said "Really, that's great!" She looked at me kind of funny and I honestly told her "I hope you don't mind me saying that, but you breaking up means that I might have a chance with you. Honestly, I think you might be out of my league, so I understand if you're not interested".

Stephanie was hot; she had a body that seemed to be made of stone. I later learned that she was an aerobics instructor and played tennis on the college team -- that explained her being in such great shape. She was also VERY pretty. Her dad was Hispanic and her mom was white -- it made for an exceptionally nice complexion combined with stunning features -- I have to admit I was smitten.

"Really?" she said. "You think I am out of your league?" 

"Yeah, I do."

"Well" she said "I thought you wouldn't be interested in me -- it turns out we were both wrong." I was taken aback "Wow, she likes ME?" I thought. I wound up taking her home that night. I am kind of old fashioned I guess with conservative roots, so I kissed her good night after making plans to meet up with her the next day.

We immediately began to start seeing each other daily. After a couple of weeks of dating, I and a bunch of close friends who all lived near each other in an apartment complex threw a big party. It was your typical college party: lots of kegs, lots of people, and a GREAT time for everybody. Steph and I hung out with each other and our friends that night and when it was shutting down, we went inside my apartment. We had made out before -- just French kissing, but with the combination of more alcohol than normal and our growing attraction to each other, we found ourselves in my bedroom. She was obviously horny (not that I wasn't) and our heavy breathing and making out just naturally led to our clothes being removed. 

There was just enough light to make out her form as she took off her loose fitting shirt and blue-jean shorts. We were standing together still kissing and beginning to fondle each other when I made the best move I have ever made -- I still look back on this moment as one that I am extremely proud of. 

I told her to lie down on the bed and I remained standing. I told her "I hope you don't mind this, but I have got to see you." And I turned on the light.

She had a penis!!!

Just kidding....

She was exquisite. I can still see her in my mind today and it has been nearly fifteen years. Her matching bra and panties -- a satin, dark red, floral print, her beautifully toned muscles, well shaped boobs and perfectly natural complexion were incredible. 

"This" I said "is why I thought you were out of my league." I could tell she was slightly embarrassed, so I continued "You are a beautiful, sexy woman." I said "You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen like this." 

"You really think so?" She asked.

"yes, absolutely!" I responded.

"You're not bad yourself" she said

"Thanks -- I'm glad you like what you see."

I admit I didn't look too bad. I was in shape from working in my family's business dealing with large equipment and I spent a little time at the pool so I had a good tan.

With that, I turned the lights back off and hopped in bed with her, rocking the waterbed. We laughed and embraced each other; both looking forward to what we knew was going to be a special night. I kissed her tenderly as I lay on top of her, our hips grinding together. I was still in my underwear (boxer-briefs) and she in hers. I was plenty hard though and was rubbing my dick into her slit through the layers of underpants. She was a passionate woman, she was just 19 but she had a way about her that really made me feel that she knew what she was doing. She reached down and started to touch my cock. She rubbed it gently and said "I like the way this feels." I replied that I did not mind it myself. She laughed again and said "I guess you don't." Then she started to slide my underwear off, I slid onto my side to help her free my cock and she slid them all the way off my feet as she leaned up. I then reached for her bra and began to take it off. She gave me a little help and soon I was looking directly at her great tits. They were perfect -- just the right size and shape. I could just make out her nipples that were erect with a small areola. I pulled her onto me, kissed her some more and worked my down to her tits. She was sitting on top of me with me kissing her tits, my cock pressed into her panties, smearing them with pre-come. We were really getting into each other. Breathing hard, touching, and feeling, she smelled wonderful (jasmine musk perfume still drives me crazy today). I reached behind her and felt her tight, smooth ass first through her panties, and then I put my hand underneath of them. I was squeezing her butt cheeks and began to slide my hand further underneath of her to get at her pussy. There is nothing sexier than a wet, willing pussy; and she was wet. I slid my middle finger through her slit, grazing her clit and coming back to her hole and then I began to slowly finger her. She was so wet and aroused I that I had to taste her. I pulled my finger out and brought it to my mouth that was still kissing her tits -- she tasted great! (This being our first time together and me not knowing how "kinky" she might or might not be, I kept it pretty straight that night.) I then rolled her over on her back and slid her panties down her legs. She had a nicely trimmed bush and I could faintly smell her sex. I laid back on top of her and just as my cock was lined up to take the plunge, she said something that surprised me...

"Harold, I'm scared." 

"Really?" I said

Well, it's just that it is our first time and, well, I don't know what I am worried about." 

'Steph, I really like you, and if you're not ready, I understand."

"It's just that, well..."

She fell silent

She then reached around me with one hand and put it on my butt, she reached underneath and put the other hand on my cock, placed it between her pussy lips and pushed her hips up while pulling my butt down -- I immediately slid halfway into her. 

She purred "mmm, that's nice." 

"So I guess you're not scared anymore?"

"No, I'm fine. Sorry about that."

I began to do her nice and slow. My cock is about 7 inches and I would pull most of the way out and slide back in slowly. She put both her hands on my butt and started to pull me into her a little faster till we had worked up a nice pace. I was in heaven, my cock in this beautiful girl, the bed rocking and both of us loving every second of it.

I learned a trick from an older woman I had dated, she told me to imagine I was her, and imagine what I would like to feel if I was a woman being fucked. It was difficult at first, but she said for me to make my dick "harder" while I fucked her to move more to and from her toes than to and from the ceiling (while in the missionary position anyway). I learned that although my cock was hard, I could force it to be just a little harder by 'flexing" it. I also learned that as I moved into and out of her from the different angle, it really excited her and caused her to come more often than not -- I think it puts more consistent pressure on the clit. 

I began to do that to Steph, within no time she was starting to really enjoy it, her breathing got faster, she was really groping my butt hard and started to say "Harold, Harold, Harold, oh don't stop, don't stop, don't stop! Yes, keep going, ungghh, unghhh yes!" she said as she came. I could feel her contractions on my dick and continued to pound away. Her pussy was so juicy I could feel it soaking my balls as they slapped her cheeks. She began to come down from her orgasm and told me that no one had ever done that for her before. 

I said "you've never had an orgasm while doing it?" 

"No, no one has ever given me an orgasm, period."

"Well then, I feel pretty special." I said as I began to start pumping again.

In just a minute or so, I felt that familiar sensation in my gut and started to really pump into her. "Where do you want it?" I asked "you'd better pull out." She said. So I pulled out and shot it all between her legs and on the sheets underneath of her -- talk about a HUGE puddle of juices in the bed. She went to the bathroom and cleaned up a bit and came back and slept the rest of the night with me.

*

More to come... And it gets worse.