 Brenda and I lived in the same apartment building; actually, we met in the elevator going up to our floor. We both seemed to get home from work at around the same time and began chatting on the ride up. One Friday evening she was carrying what turned out to be Jamaican Jerk Chicken in a bag and when I commented on the good aroma, she invited me to join her. I stopped by my unit and grabbed a bottle of dark rum I had then we went to her place to eat.

I soon found that I enjoyed her company, as she was funny and knowledgeable on many different subjects. The only problem I had with her was that she was a large woman. Just to say she was curvaceous would be stretching the truth almost as much as the skirts she managed to pull over her big butt. She had a pretty face and long blond hair that she wore in an attractive style but with her size, I just couldn't think of her in a sexual way. We ate spicy chicken and washed it down with rum and coke, then for dessert, we did rum shots and then we did more shots until the bottle was empty. I held the bottle up to show her it was all gone and she asked with a smile,

"What can we do now?"

For an answer, I leaned over and kissed her. Her lips were soft and the kiss, which started out almost as a joke, turned passionate as we held it for a long time. When we finally came up for air she looked at me, then asked me if I was starting something I'd be sorry for in the morning. I told her only if she'd be sorry, she stood took my hand and led me to her bedroom.

We undressed ourselves and I watched while her clothes fell off to the floor. As a big girl, I had expected to see rolls of fat but she had a remarkably erotic body with huge tits and ass but with a waistline as well. She noticed me looking at her and pushed me on the bed then climbed on top of me. She put my face between her breasts and held my head firmly in with her arms. Meanwhile she rode my cock, still not inside her but nestled between the lips of her pussy. She sat up and raised off me enough to let me slip inside her and then she rode me like a cowgirl. Her vaginal muscles squeezed me tightly, stroking my cock as I moved in time with her. She had her eyes closed as she began to play with her tits and I could tell this all was turning her on as much as it did to me. I told her I was ready to cum and she begged me to wait for her. I reached up to caress her nipple then she bent over and put it to my lips. I bit down lightly before I sucked the aroused nipple and when I did, she cried that she was cumming and I joined her as my cock erupted inside her. Exhausted we both curled up together and slept through the night. 

I awoke early to her stroking my morning wood and as soon as she saw I was awake, she leaned over and put me in her mouth. I played with her tits as she sucked me off and then warned her when I was getting close to that moment of no return. Instead of stopping, she only increased her tempo until I came in her mouth and she swallowed all I gave her. She offered to cook me breakfast and as she did, I ran to my place to shower and change. The meal was overcooked and uninspiring and I thought of the incongruity of a big girl who couldn't cook but who could fuck like a rabbit. 

I cleaned up breakfast dishes while she showered and when she came out with only a large towel around her I couldn't help but pull it off her. I brought her still damp body close and as kissed her I could smell her flowery shampoo. I began trailing kisses down her throat and onto her breasts, she moaned in pleasure as I put a sensitive nipple between my lips. I dropped to my knees and put my face into her soft belly, it felt nice to me. When I put my face to her bush, she raised a foot to a chair spreading her legs giving me access to her treasures. She went wild as I sucked her clit and she grabbed my head as she gyrated on my tongue. When she came, her juices ran onto my chin and down my neck. I was so hot I had to have her right then and I sat on the chair as she straddled me. Deep inside her, I rutted as a wild man and I kept thinking that I couldn't get enough of her. I came in an explosion of passion and release as I held her tight in my arms.

We spent the rest of the day together, eating, fucking, and watching college football. I had a wonderful time and I told her it was the best Saturday I'd had in a long time. Sunday she had to go to her parent's house so I went to a sports bar nearby to watch more football. All day my mind kept drifting back to her as I wondered how her day was and if she missed me as much as I missed her.

After that weekend, we fell into a pattern of getting together one or two nights a week, and then most weekends we would spend at her place or mine. Then one Saturday night we were at my place when she asked me if I wanted to go to a movie and after I said I didn't feel like it I noticed she was crying. 

"I see, I'm good enough to fuck or hang out with but I'm too embarrassing to be seen in public with." 

This had come out of the blue and I think I was too stunned to speak. She got up and ran out still crying but I didn't try to stop her. I hadn't consciously made that decision but as I thought on what she said, I realized it was true. I felt bad for my shallowness so I went down to her place to apologize but she wouldn't let me in. Back home, I sat around moping, feeling sorry for myself, all I could think about was making it right with Brenda.

Monday, I took an extended lunch, stopped by a florist for some roses and then headed for Brenda's work. I told the receptionist that I had upset my girlfriend, Brenda and was hoping I could see her to apologize. She thought it was cute so she told me where to find her as she let me into the office. Brenda looked up at me in shock and before she could say anything, I handed her the flowers,

"You were right and I'm sorry for being such an ass, I want you to know that I'd be proud if you would let me say that you're my girlfriend."

She sat there silently and I began to wonder if she was about to have me thrown out of the building but then I noticed the first tear trickle down her cheek. She stood up and kissed me and I heard the office clapping behind me.

After that, we were a couple whether we were staying in or going out we did it together. It didn't take me long for me to be proud of my girl for what she was, an independent woman who not only enjoyed life, taught me to enjoy mine as well. I curse myself for almost losing the joy of my life just because I worried about what other people would think of her. 

I wish this tale had a happy ending but that was not to be. When Brenda broke up with me, I was devastated and I was sure I would never get over it but somehow I survived. She said she needed more space but I think she had someone new. No matter what, I learned from our relationship and it changed the way I look at women.