 It is Friday night and I am stuck at yet another benefit. My hair is done so my long red curls brush my shoulders. My makeup accents my steel gray eyes. My black pinstriped dress accentuates my tits, as they spill out the top. I see you enter the room in a black fitted suit and green dress shirt. It hugs your body and shows off your wide shoulders. The green brings out the color in your eyes. I think to myself, "What the hell are you doing here? You weren't supposed to fly in until tomorrow." I watch you search for me in the crowd of people. While I am saying goodbye to some clients, your eyes find mine. A heat runs through me that I don't expect. You grin at me. I wave to you and motion that I will be one minute. I slowly finish my duties and weave my way through the crowd, of course getting stopped along the way. The interference annoys you slightly, but you revel at watching me work the crowd. I finally arrive in front of you with a questioning smile. 

"I thought you were coming in tomorrow?" I ask in a hushed voice through my fake smile. 

"Is that anyway to greet me?" you say loudly, "No hug? No kiss? No how was your flight?" A wicked grin spreads across your face.

I can feel the room of people watching us. Smile at those eyes on us I take your arm escorting you to a table in the corner of the room where we can speak without being heard. 

"You know I cannot be like that here. Besides I thought you hated this sort of function?"

"I thought I would surprise you. I wanted my first impression to make you drool, but it seems to have backfired on me. You look beautiful." You say circling me with a look of starvation. You whisper in my ear from behind me, "Want to get out of here?"

"I thought you would never ask." 

As we walk to my car I feel your arm slip around my waist. I ask if you have checked in to your hotel room. You assure me you didn't fly in the suit. 

"Well have you eaten Mr. Sneaky Snake?"

"No, I am taking you out beautiful." 

I laugh. 

"Most people say thank you to compliments." You scold me. 

"I am sorry. You know I," I pause contemplating my actions," Thank you. Where shall we go to dinner?" I try to change the subject. 

"Japanese." We enjoy a delicious meal and I sip my plum wine while you drink Saki. I keep feeling your eyes watching me instead of the chef.

"What is wrong?" I ask once he is gone.

"I like to look at you is that bad?" 

"No you are just acting strange. I am not going anywhere. I know this is the first time we have met, but you know me."

You smile and insist on paying for the meal, which I am not ok with. I drive you back to your hotel and say have a good night. You take the keys from my ignition. "You aren't going to come in to talk and let me give you your present?" 
"Present? You are supposed to be on vacation. You didn't have to..." 

"Get out of the car." You interrupt me. 

Once inside your suite I see a large bouquet of white roses and a perfectly rapped gift. I look at you astounded, "What time did you get here to do all this and how did you get here from the airport?" 

"I am magic. Now open the box." You order.

"Yes sir" I giggle and salute you, which makes your eyebrow rise. I open the box and pull out a black silk scarf and another box. 

"What is this?" You take the scarf from me and walk behind me. I feel the cool soft slide against my cheek as you tie it securely behind my head. I feel your breath on my neck and ear. 

"Do you trust me?" you whisper to me. I hesitate and feel your hands at the back of my head. I search for your hands with mine, holding them I turn to face you still blindfolded. 

"I have always trusted you." 

You take my hands and lead me to sit on the couch. I can hear you move about. I feel and smell the fire you started in the fireplace. Music starts to lightly play in the back ground. You place the second box into my hands. 

"Open it." 

I unwrap the box and then feel the objects inside, but I cannot figure out what they are. You take the box from me; I can hear you laying the objects out on the table before us. First I smell the soft aroma of my favorite massage oil which is a mixture of jasmine and vanilla. Your hands softly rub my neck and shoulders with the scent from behind. I slightly tip my head forward to allow you to work on me. A light moan escapes me when you work deeper and my stiff neck. The oil has permeated my skin. I feel your hands on the zipper of my dress. 

"Honey, what are your plans?" 

"You said you trust me."

"I do trust you, but I was unaware that I would be naked, seeing as how we agreed to just be friends." I feel your hands at the blindfold before I finish my sentence. Once again, with a large sigh, I take your hands. 

"I am sorry. Of course I trust you."

"I won't hurt you." You whisper in my ear, causing goose bumps on my skin, as you unzip my dress. The straps fall off my shoulders leaving me in my bra. You brush the bra off my shoulders and continue to kneed my shoulders. I lean back into you as your hands work over my shoulders to my collar bone. I can feel the warmth from the fire heating my skin from the cold outside. Your solid body against my back draws out a moan from me that I try to cover by clearing my throat.

"Destiny does that feel good?" you ask softly. 

"Yes," I say dreamily.

"So then why are you trying to hide that you enjoy it?" 

I lean forward and remove the blindfold, then turn to face you. "We are suppose to be friends and nothing more, but I get the feeling you are trying to seduce me." Your hand brushes through my hair into a fist at the back of my head. 

"Would I do that?" You say with a wicked smile. Before I can answer you kiss my neck in the sensitive bend to my shoulder. A shiver runs through my body and you lightly kiss up to my mouth. You stop and look deep into my eyes. 

"I changed my mind." Your tongue licks my lips and as I moan you suck my tongue and breathe into your mouth. Your tongue teases mine until I can not fight the fire in my body anymore. I kiss you back sucking on your tongue as I straddle your hips. I pull out of the kiss and lightly lick your lips keeping my mouth just out of your reach. I run my fingers through your hair and tip your head back. I kiss lightly then bite you. A low growl escapes you. 

"mmmm I have been waiting to hear that." I say to you. You grab my wrists pulling them over my head and pinning me to the couch. 

"Let me love you," you demand staring into my eyes. "I am afraid," I stare back at you searching your eyes. 

You kiss my lips, then down my lips and chest to where my bra still covers me. You hold my small wrists in one of your large hands, using the other to remove the bra. Licking around my areola without touching my hardening nipple, I don't notice you pushing my dress off of me. Your hand caresses my rib cage while one of your legs slid between mine. My hips grind against your thigh as you blow on my wet skin. 

"Oh baby" I moan. Your hand lets go of my wrists so that you can use both hands to squeeze my tits and push them together. You lick in figure eights around them. My hands find the back of your neck. My fingers massage your neck. Your mouth covers one of my nipples and sucks hard causing me to arch my back to you. You bite down slightly and my fingernails scrap your shoulders as I pull you to me. I hear you growl and your hands are at my hips fighting the black lacey boy shorts I am wearing. You bite harder and rip the panties from my body. 

"I thought you didn't wear these damn things?" you ask. 

"I had to for the benefit. You can't just run around without any underwear at those things."

You growl again. Your hands move back to massage my tits as your mouth sucks, licks, and bites down my abdomen. My knees open up around you. I feel your breathe on my wet pussy and moan,"Oh god. You feel so good. How do you know how to work me?"

"Honey, I pay attention to you. I listen when you talk." With that your mouth covers my wet lips and you suck on them. My hip press against you and I pull your head to me. I can feel your hard cock pressing against my leg. 

"Please, please fuck me I want to feel you inside of me." 

You stop and look into my eyes. "I do not want to just fuck you. I want to love you and make you mine." Your head lowers and your tongue flicks against my clit making my head roll back and forth with each touch. You slide a finger into my wet pussy and stroke my insides. I am panting and moaning. 

"You weren't kidding about having a tight pussy." You pant into my wetness, and then continue to lick and suck on my clit. You slide a second finger into me but can only wiggle the tips of your fingers as my pussy squeezes down on you. 

"Oh please ohhh yes I am cumming baby. Aaahhhhhhh" My hips buck wildly against you and my juices flow over your fingers. You lick me clean then kiss up my body. Your mouth reaches mine and I lick and suck at the taste of me on you. My hand slides down your body. I wrap my hand around your hard throbbing cock. You jump at my touch. I stroke lightly from your base up and around your head. You moan into my mouth, and then roll me onto my stomach. You wrap my legs around your waist and slide your huge cock slowly into me. You pause when you are all the way into me. Your hands grab my hips. I squeeze my muscles around you. 

"Grrrrr," your fingers dig into me. You almost leave my body and then slam back into me. You fuck me hard and I can feel your need. Your sweat rolls down onto my body. I can feel your panting on my back. My moans turn to screams.

"Yes baby, you feel so good. Your cock is so hard. It feels so good." I can feel your cock swell and I know you are going to cum. "Please cum in me. Please."

"Are you mine?" you ask me between pants trying to fight off the explosion inside. 

"I have been yours for a long time now." 

You explode inside of me, filling me with your cum. My body convulses as I cum again and covers your balls and our thighs with our combined juices. You collapse on top of me. I roll over and hold you, kissing you softly. As we both fall asleep.