 Author's note: This story is lengthy compared with many others because I wanted to explain our rapid transition from being new acquaintances to passionate lovers and to describe the eroticism of our intimacy. I have changed the names to protect our privacy. I hope you enjoy it. Your feedback via comments is welcomed.

*

I want to share how two people found each other, literally and figuratively, and experienced an extraordinarily erotic, passionate, and fulfilling first date. My name is Ken, and I was blessed by fate to have met a woman I like to think of as both the "total package" and every straight man's fantasy. 

Our story had a casual, unexpected beginning on a very hot summer day in south-central Texas. I was trying to replace a sprinkler system head in my front yard, and magic happened. A chance encounter blossomed into a wonderful relationship that completely fulfilled our mutual and compelling needs for companionship, passionate intimacy and, most of all, enduring love.

It was mid-afternoon, and I was on my hands and knees peering into a six-inch deep hole I had dug to remove the sprinkler fixture I ruined with my lawn mower. I was hot, sweaty, and contemplating curse words when I heard a soft, female voice say, "I think you should be doing that job in the morning or evening when it is much cooler."

I leaned back onto my legs and looked up, first seeing a pair of beautiful, athletically toned female legs and then noticing a nicely defined camel-toe outline of her vulva that was very likely smoothly shaved since there was no indication of any pubic hair pressing against the close-fitting fabric of her form-hugging yoga pants. As my gaze traveled farther upward, I saw a lovely face and a wide, welcoming smile. She had captured my full attention before I spoke a word.

I stood to greet her, and while her sunglasses hid her eyes, the rest of her beautiful face was clearly revealed, and her moderately lengthy, auburn hair was pulled back neatly in a cute ponytail. She was about 5' 7" tall, appeared to be in her 30s, and her wide smile was engaging. I was immediately attracted to her. 

"That's for sure. This is not how I expected to be spending my Saturday afternoon." In the presence of her seeming perfection, I suddenly felt acutely aware of and embarrassed by my ragged appearance and said, "Please excuse my appearance. I would have been more presentable had I known I would be meeting such an attractive lady."

I instinctively looked for a wedding ring and saw no jewelry on either hand, and a charge of excitement went through me.

"No worries," she replied while removing her sunglasses and continuing her engaging smile. "I moved into the neighborhood two weeks ago, and I am happy to finally enjoy a leisurely walk and to make a new friend. For someone working hard in the yard, you look fine, and thank you for the compliment."

I smiled broadly and said, "My name is Ken." 

She extended her hand, saying, "It's very nice to meet you, Ken. My name is Katherine with a 'K' and my friends call me Kate." I paused before taking her hand because mine was not clean, but sensing my discomfort, she unhesitatingly grasped it saying, "Soiled hands created by meaningful work are a good thing." I was pleasantly surprised when she held our handshake a little longer than is customary and her pretty, green eyes locked onto mine. 

Kate seemed a very wholesome name and it was a good fit for her. I also liked the pleasing alliteration when I mentally repeated our names together, "Ken and Kate."

I fancied myself to be very perceptive when assessing the reactions of people with whom I shared conversation, and I was certain that she was enjoying our becoming acquainted. 

Moreover, her visual survey of me was obvious, and I was both pleased and flattered that she seemed to be checking me out like an adolescent girl does a boy she finds attractive. I also felt pride in being dressed so scantily that little of my well-defined physical stature required her to use her imagination. I stood before her wearing only running shorts over tight-fitting briefs and running shoes, having removed my T-shirt long before she arrived. I was convinced that our first impressions left us liking what we saw, both figuratively and literally.

I am six feet tall, weigh 185 pounds, am thirty-five years young, have medium-length blond hair, and I am no male model, but I am not hard on the eyes. When not doing yard work, I have the appearance of a respectable, successful businessman, which I am. My friends accurately describe me as having great respect for my body and being seriously devoted to maintaining my fitness. For me, the primary benefits of eating right, lifting weights, running, and swimming are stress reduction and good health. The favorable impacts on my muscle tone and self-confidence are pleasing side effects.

We made small talk and I welcomed her to the neighborhood, assuring her she had made a wise investment in a safe and desirable area. It was an upscale, safe, and friendly community, and she looked like she belonged there. 

I noticed several times her eyes quickly glanced at my chest and lower body, and I liked it. Still feeling the excitement of seeing the defining outline of her womanly jewel, I subtly admired her breasts which were straining against a sports bra beneath a very light jacket that was unzipped, revealing much of the fullness of her chest. I wondered if she was feeling the same acute, sexual energy that was causing my blood to rush.

As we shared mundane conversation about nearby stores, availability of honest and competent craftsmen, and her new neighbors, our eye contact became flirtatious. We were communicating on both verbal and mental levels which I suspected were focused on different things; our words were polite, but our thoughts were more adventuresome. 

Her affect on me was sufficiently exciting that I felt the onset of an erection. It was a little concerning because my shorts were brief and made of a flimsy combination of polyester and Lycra which was long on comfort but rather limited on concealment. I don't tote a "monster," but my observations in the locker room reveal I am a bit larger than average, and I'm sure she noticed my bulge if she had looked. Instead of becoming nervous about my growing physical excitement, I felt a naughty thrill that I liked. If her stolen glances included my "package," she may have noticed that our visit was beginning to arouse me physically.

It seemed like a comfortable point to disengage and to continue our separate activities, and she said, "I'll let you finish your task and look forward to seeing you again." There was an unmistakable sincerity in her tone, and she again shook my hand like she was intending to send a message.

I was sufficiently smitten by her that I quickly replied, "I hope that is very soon," and then held my breath awaiting her reaction. She did not disappoint me.

"I'm free next Saturday evening, if that works for you, and you don't have to pick me up because I know where you live," she said with a coy grin. I was equally impressed by and appreciative of her confidence in taking the initiative to ask for a date.

"Great," I said unhesitatingly. "Come at six o'clock and we will have some wine and appetizers before I treat you to supper at my favorite restaurant."

With another dose of her stunning smile, she said, "Thank you very much. It's the best offer I have had in some time, and I will look forward to it. Have a great week," and she went on her way. 

I watched her walk away, and I admired her firm and shapely ass. I kept eyeing her, and after about ten steps she turned to look back at me. I was immediately embarrassed by her catching me gazing at her, but she just smiled and waved good-bye. My discomfort disappeared as I realized she wanted a last look, just like I did. I then finished replacing the sprinkler head while feeling I had just won a lottery and savoring thoughts about our first date. 

I thought often about Kate during the next week, and I masturbated several times while fantasizing about seeing her naked and pleasuring her in multiple ways. Because I worked long hours and traveled in my real estate development business, my dating frequency and level of sexual gratification were unacceptably low. Maybe I was being too presumptuous, optimistic, or whatever, but I had a very positive feeling about this lady and what erotic joys might await us. Saturday could not come soon enough.

I slept uneasily on Friday night, preoccupied with thoughts and concerns about the preparations I had made to assure our first date would be very enjoyable. I had reserved the best "date-night" table at the restaurant, I purchased bottles of fine Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon, Chardonnay, and Riesling wines since I did not think to ask her preference when I extended the invitation, and I survived the frustration of my hair stylist who cringed with my insistence on the perfect cut. Finally, I bought smoked salmon, roast beef, and cheese appetizers from the wonderful neighborhood deli. The rest would largely be up to me to make the evening unforgettably special for her. 

When I awoke Saturday, I had the usual morning erection which was intensified as I lied in bed pondering Kate's grooming preference below her waist. The clear definition of her pussy lips and dividing crease I observed when we met influenced me to think she was fully shaved or waxed. That thought induced me to decide I should be equally smooth, just in case I got lucky. I knew it was just a fantasy at that point, but the thought of shaving myself excited me since I had never done it. 

So, I got out of bed and, ever so carefully, returned my groin to its prepubescent state. It was a new feeling for me, and it gave me an erotic thrill. I grinned as I noticed my cock looked larger with the "underbrush" having been removed. 

By early afternoon the housekeeper had finished, and the place was spotless with everything perfectly arranged, including new, silk sheets on the bed, a gift from my mother. I smiled, confident she would approve of me doubly enjoying them if I was making love to a beautiful woman. 

By five o'clock I completed my meticulous bathing, grooming, and dressing routine. I had chosen a close-fitting, burgundy-colored silk shirt and tan slacks, under which I wore red, silk boxers which made me feel sexy. A light spray of my favorite cologne was the finishing touch. I was both excited and nervous, like a high-school boy preparing for a date with the prom queen.

I paced for fifteen minutes in the living room, watching for Kate to drive up to the house. I was impressed to see her arrive in a beautiful, white Mercedes Benz coupe. Before her car reached the front door along my circular driveway, I was there to greet her.

"Oh my, you are so sweet, Ken. Thank you," she said as I opened her door and she flashed her beautiful smile at me.

"It's great to see you again, Kate. It has been a long week," I replied with a wide grin.

I immediately noticed and greatly admired the view of her shapely, toned legs as she moved to exit the car. Her dress was at her mid-thigh, and when she swung her legs toward the door the hem went tantalizingly higher. I would have gladly sneaked a peek between her legs if she had given me the chance, but she kept her knees together like a proper lady should when she lifted her legs and stepped out of the car.

I was surprised and pleased when she gave me a full hug and said, "I am happy to see you again." With her cheek against mine, I noticed the most delightful hint of perfume, and I was immediately aroused by it. I was going to have to work at being a perfect gentleman on our first date.

I showed her into the house, and she was very sweet to compliment everything she saw. "I knew your home would be beautiful. May I have a tour?"

"Yes, of course. Shall we have a glass of wine while I show you around? I have a good selection, so you need only tell me what you like."

"I prefer a Merlot, thank you."

I led her to the bar, opened the bottle, and filled our large glasses three-quarters full. I raised my glass and said, "Let's toast to a fun evening and a special beginning for us."

She smiled warmly and replied, "Both of those things will make me happy," and we enjoyed our first drink together.

We went through the dining room and she immediately noticed the appetizers I had put on the table. "Oh my God, that all looks wonderfully delicious. I especially love smoked salmon and brie. Let's be sure to end the tour here," she said with a laugh.

Her observation of and very informed comments about the furnishings in each room were complimentary, and our very similar tastes in decorating were pleasingly apparent. The master bedroom is at the end of a long hall, and it was the last stop on the tour.

"I love your bedroom. It is so masculine...so like you."

I was delighted by her comment. "Thank you very much, Kate. I accept that as a high compliment from a sophisticated lady." I immediately worried I had been too expressive, but she quickly erased my anxiety.

"I mean it, Ken. I say what I feel, especially when I am with a handsome gentleman." I was not sure my feet were still on the ground when she added, "Can we refill our glasses and enjoy some of the appetizers? I have not eaten since breakfast."

I poured more wine and we filled our plates. Rather than sitting in the dining room, I suggested, "Let's go to the family room. We can be more comfortable there."

We put our plates on the coffee table and she sat in the middle of the sofa, allowing me to sit closely beside her. She turned to face me, and her movement bared her legs to her mid-thigh. I was unsure if she was intending to be politely provocative, or not, but in either case I loved the view.

She liked to talk, and I enjoyed listening to her very intelligent conversation that was frequently punctuated by clever humor. She was smart, witty, and beautiful; a wonderful combination. While listening, I thoroughly admired her appearance, which was a vision of loveliness. 

Her casually but carefully coiffed reddish-brown hair was resting below her shoulders with a cute flip toward the bottom of its length, and her make-up was minimal and perfect. Her lips were highlighted by a slightly dark, red-colored lipstick that screamed, "Kiss me!" to any observer.

Her dress was perfect for her: a light, white summer fabric with a beautiful, floral print pattern, narrow shoulder straps, a scooped neckline that exposed much of the width of her chest and an eye-catching but not immodest amount of her cleavage. The closely fitting waistline accentuated the very appealing fullness of her breasts. There was just enough gathered fabric below the waist to allow easy movement while not obscuring her shapely, firm bottom, and it was short enough to highlight her slim, toned legs. The sight invited my imagination to visualize what was hidden above the hem and under the dress.

Her sandals complemented the dress, with numerous colored stones decorating the leather ties. 

Finally, her jewelry was expensive but not ostentatious, She wore a simple, patterned gold chain around her neck that matched her gold earrings. An Omega watch and a diamond tennis bracelet adorned her wrists, and a ruby ring accented with small diamonds graced her right hand.

Her manicure and pedicure were perfect and the color of all her nails closely matched her lipstick. My desire to be intimate with her was becoming overwhelming.

I also noticed when she leaned forward to take an appetizer from her plate on the table that her bra was baby blue with lace on the top and cut low to accommodate the scooped neckline of her dress. Like any man would, I had checked for panty lines when walking behind her after finishing the house tour and returning to the dining room, and I saw none. 

As I very discreetly admired her bra, I was imagining that she was wearing a matching thong. It was fortunate that I was sitting with one leg over the other because I was feeling the initial stage of an erection. I felt an odd, new excitement as my freshly shaved cock and balls were confined by the smooth, soft, and cool silk fabric of my boxers. 

"Tell me about yourself, Ken. I would like to know whatever you are comfortable sharing with me." I liked that she was inviting me to go beyond a mundane introduction, and I took a drink of wine and decided to open myself to her and see what happened.

"Well, I have lived in San Antonio (Texas) nearly all my life, and I grew up in this house which my parents purchased new when they decided to retire. After my mother's passing, I bought it from her estate and I had it completely remodeled, intending to live here the rest of my life."

She suddenly leaned toward me, put her hand just above my knee and said, "That is amazing and wonderful." It appeared to be a spontaneous touch, and I interpreted it as signal of her growing comfort with me. I made a mental note of her affectionate gesture and continued.

"Yes, I have been very happy here, surrounded by so many wonderful memories." I looked directly into her lovely green eyes and said, "I hope to find the right person and make many more." I tensed and waited for her reaction to my leading comment, and she did not disappoint me.

"I believe you will continue to be happy here, and whoever makes those memories with you will be a very happy lady." 

After a few moments of silence while we looked fondly at each other, I reached and touched her forearm to return her earlier physical contact and said, "We should be leaving soon. Our reservation is at seven-thirty." 

We finished our wine, and the moment I began to stand and take her hand to help her up I realized the partial erection I had would be easily visible if she saw my crotch as she rose. It was too late to do anything about it, and I didn't know if she noticed, but she squeezed my hand before letting go. I hoped she had seen the excitement she had created in me. Our evening had begun far better than I had expected.

The drive to the restaurant was brief and pleasant. Perhaps it was the wine that induced her to say, "It's such a beautiful evening, Ken, and I am very happy to be sharing it with you." I looked at her smiling at me and I felt a surge of caring emotion that I had not enjoyed in a long time. 

"Kate, I thought all week that this night was going to be very special." Then, for only a moment, I put my hand on her bare leg above her knee, continuing our silent, affectionate messaging.

The table I reserved was elegantly set and lit by candlelight. The mood was further enhanced by the absence of other tables closely nearby. She was as impressed with the surroundings as I was proud to have her on my arm when we walked in.

When we were seated and enjoying more Merlot before the meal, I asked her to reciprocate my earlier sharing of my background. I learned that she had grown up in Oxford, Mississippi, and graduated college with a bachelor's degree in Marketing, but she didn't like her first job as a retail salesperson. That lasted a year, then a girlfriend convinced her to become an airline stewardess with American Airlines, and her new job enabled her to travel the world. Within a year on-the-job, she met and fell in love with a pilot, and ten months later she married him.

She said their marriage was wonderful and described her husband as a strong but not overbearing man, saying, "I liked him being in-charge in many aspects of our relationship." Then she was silent for a few moments before telling me he passed away suddenly a year ago from a ruptured embolism. 

I instinctively took her hand in mine. "I am very sorry, Kate. Sometimes life can be very cruel." She squeezed my hand, nodded her head, and smiled sweetly while looking deeply into my eyes. I felt an immediate and significant strengthening of our newly formed bond.
