 This story is part of an ongoing series. The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 1 - Prologue

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Fox Two News!" said the lovely redheaded reporterette from in front of the State Office Building on Courthouse Square at 7:00am, Tuesday, August 8th. "Fox Two News has learned that Governor Val Jared has formally asked the FBI to investigate BigAgraFoods for their potential cover-up in the murder case of one of their employees in the Rocktown area!"

Bettina started: "The recent murder of Larry Wheeler was investigated by elements of the SBI's new SIS team last week. SBI Inspector Donald Troy has claimed that BigAgraFoods was non-cooperative in the investigation, even going to great lengths to obstruct the SBI and TCPD's efforts to find the truth. BigAgraFoods retaliated by announcing they would move their Headquarters out of our County, and relocate many of their operations out of our State."

"In asking for the FBI to help investigate the alleged cover-up," Bettina went on, "Governor Jared asked that U.S. Senator Samuel Russell also be investigated, as he was in the Rocktown area during the SBI investigation. This brought howls of condemnation from the State Republican Party and many State Republicans. As Senator Russell is a Republican, they accused Governor Jared of betraying the Republican Party by besmirching the name of Senator Russell."

"Asked for his input," Bettina continued, "U.S. Senator Richard Nunn, also a Republican, said that Governor Jared was correct to call for investigations into cover-ups, and to call for correctly applied law enforcement. Senator Nunn was also condemned by the Republican Party for his 'disloyalty'. And now let's go to Nick Eastwood for Sports! Nick!..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Good grief." said Cindy Ross as we drank coffee in MCD and listened to the broadcast.

"I have to admit," I said, "that was about as 'fair and balanced' a broadcast as we are ever going to get from Bettina. Maybe this 'Fox' thing is going to work out." Fox News Midtown had bought KXTC from BOW Enterprises, whose CEO was my nephew Todd.

"Sir," said Detective Theo Washington, "is the FBI going to take the case?"

"I don't know." I said. "I think Muscone's team is willing to, as part of their investigation of 'The Guardians of Justice'. But it's already getting heated in D.C., so we'll have to see what happens."

"I'm more worried about what's going to happen here in this County." Joanne Warner said. "The BigAgraFoods CEO named you personally as the reason for moving, Commander. And the Press was attacking you all weekend over it." There was general agreement.

"Just remember this, folks." I said. "The farther up the flagpole you go, the more your ass hangs out. I knew that the day I agreed to do this job. And if the result is bringing Justice on behalf of brave people like Larry Wheeler, then I'll take the arrows. Okay, folks, we have work to do. Let's get to it..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"This meeting of the Town & County Council is now in session." said the Mayor at 7:30pm, still Tuesday, August 8th. The auditorium was packed full of Citizens. Deputies were heavily armored, and there was a delegation of the Town & County's Finest on hand, as well.

The crowd was not belligerent nor trying to make a political point with disruptive tactics. But they sure had a lot to say, and mostly about two issues: tickets, and jobs.

Over 40 persons addressed the Council to complain about the Police crackdown. I was among the Police Officers in the back, and I noted that all of these Citizens were from the Heritage Cloisters, River Valley, and other relative wealthy districts of the northern part of the Town and County. Many of them were complaining that their teen kids had been ticketed and heavily fined for minor violations of the law.

The rest of those that addressed the Council were there to complain about BigAgraFoods leaving. I sensed that these people were speaking as if from a rehearsed script; they said exactly the same things, and there was no real passion in their voices. And none of them actually worked for BigAgraFoods nor had relatives that did (and they were asked that by Councilman John Colby).

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

After the public meeting, the Council re-convened in Executive Session in the private Council Chamber.

"Okay, folks," said the Mayor as they all sat down in the same chairs they always did, "we've lost some jobs."

"I want to address that issue before anyone else speaks." said J.P. Goldman. He settled himself into his chair and began: "I asked the TCPD as well as the SBI and FBI for a briefing on the Wheeler murder case and the allegations of a BigAgraFoods cover-up. Chief Moynahan, Commander Troy, and SBI Director Conlan were very accommodative, and I had good conversations with them. The FBI was polite, but said they could not discuss the case due to ongoing investigations."

"The gist of this," said J.P. Goldman, "is that the TCPD acted properly in their investigation within this County. Warrants were properly secured, but they had severe problems trying to serve them and get information. The State Patrol was helpful in providing some additional manpower to assist the TCPD, but BigAgraFoods remained totally uncooperative, to the point of obstructing Justice."

"Down in Rocktown," continued Goldman, "it was really ugly. A lot worse than the Press has reported, nor anyone seems to want to talk about. The Sheriff down there is not an upstanding man like Daniel Allgood; their Sheriff was almost arrested for Obstruction of Justice. He has decided to retire as Sheriff, effective immediately, and Commander Troy accepted that rather than put the Sheriff in jail and have the Governor declare the Sheriff suspended."

"But worse, U.S. Senator Russell really injected himself into the case, tried to obstruct it at every level." said Goldman. "His aide committed suicide after evidence was obtained that he, the aide, actively worked to cover up the murder. The only reason Commander Troy did not arrest the Senator, is because of a clause in the U.S. Constitution that prohibits arresting Congressmen and Senators from going to their duties in Congress."

"And Commander Troy strictly adheres to the Constitution, doesn't he?" said Thomas P. Cook, with a great deal of sarcasm in his voice.

"Yes he does, thank God." said Edward R. Steele. Surprisingly, no one else said anything.

"So the BigAgraFoods CEO took his little shot at Troy." said the Mayor. "I guess the question for us is: what do our constituents think of this, and what do they want us to do about it?"

"The Police rank and file feel like they were attacked by BigAgraFoods." said Ian McGhillie, whose son was TCPD Detective Roy McGhillie. "They were upset by the company's statement, and are not unhappy to see the company leave our County."

"Most of the black jobs," said Reginald B.F. Lewis, "are still here, on the farms. They're not all that upset by it."

"A lot of the people I talk to," said John Colby, himself a farmer, "are telling me that a lot of the overhead people being relocated are choosing to quit and stay here, and are having success finding other jobs. BOW Enterprises and Crown Chemicals are taking advantage of getting some good talent as they expand their operations. The rest of them get six months of Unemployment, even though they quit... because BigAgraFoods moved their jobs out of State."

The Mayor looked around, but there were no more comments. He looked at Thomas P. Cook, then Kelly Carnes, but neither seemed interested in saying anything. If anything, they had looks on their faces suggesting knowing something that he, the Mayor, and the rest of them did not know.

"Okay, what else?" asked the Mayor. Now Kelly Carnes was ready to speak.

"This Police crackdown." said Carnes. "My constituents are furious with the Police. Commander Troy is obviously targeting County High teenagers rather than actual lawbreakers in... other areas of the County."

"And what other areas would those be, Ms. Carnes?" Reginald B.F. Lewis asked immediately.

"As I said," Carnes said levelly, locking eyes with the black Councilman, "areas where the crimes are being committed."

"From the tickets being given out," said Malinda Adams, whose district included minorities, "it sure looks like laws are being violated frequently in your district, Ms. Carnes." Kelly's look at Malinda rivaled the infamous 'Teresa Cunt' look... almost.

"So Commander Troy is applying law enforcement equally through all of the Town and County." said Dagmar Schoen. "Novel concept around here." Her biting words struck deep, and their implication was obvious.

"Well, you got what you wanted." said Edward R. Steele, also twisting the knife. "Revenues are up again."

"What's your opinion, Thomas?" asked the Mayor, who was almost stunned that Cook had not talked very much at this meeting.

"We obviously did not get the result we intended." said Cook. "But that's okay. School will be in session again soon. I think we can ask the Police to ease off the tightness of the crackdown, and ask them to step up enforcement of drug laws and the vices." Reginald Lewis peered at him, knowing the underlying statement Cook was making.

"Okay." said the Mayor. "I'll have a quiet word with the Sheriff and the Police Chief about the crackdown. Anything else?"

"Yes." said Kelly Carnes. "As part of our Committee work on the chain of command of the various Public Safety departments, I would like for the Police Department to provide us with their current contingencies in the event one of their leadership is for any reason out of office. For example, if Commander Troy is not in his position, for any reason, such as doing State or Federal work, who answers to whom."

"That's what we're trying to figure out, Ms. Carnes." said Jack Colby.

"I mean currently. I mean today." said Carnes.

"What, you expect something to happen to Commander Troy?" asked Dagmar Schoen, her voice an accusation against her enemy Carnes.

"Not necessarily." said Carnes. "Just using that as an example." She was not doing a very good job of hiding the little smile on her face. Certain people with crowbars would call that a 'strangeness'...

Part 2 - Preconceived Notions

Wednesday, August 9th. The Chief's formal meeting was at 9:00am.

"Okayyyyy," said the Chief as we all sat down, fortified with coffee. "A few good things came out of the Council meeting last night. First, the crackdown has gone very well. The Council is happy the revenues are back up, but some of them are unhappy that the law was applied equally everywhere. That's actually a win for us. The good news is that the Council has asked us to ratchet it down when School starts."

"When does School start?" asked Deputy Chief Harlow.

"August 28th." I said. "Classes, anyway. Rush Week starts August 21st, and the dorms open to regular students August 23d. The Public Schools also start the 28th, with teachers reporting the 21st for work days. Walnut Prep begins after Labor Day."

"They're still in business?" asked Harlow, shocked.

"Yes they are." said Cindy Ross. "Enrollment is almost as high as last year." 

"Okayyyyy," said the Chief, "we'll be busy during Rush Week, no doubt. We can scale back the crackdown."

"Should we scale it back?" asked Harlow. What the heck was she doing injecting her supply-side self into this? I was wondering to myself.

"Yes, we should." said Teresa Croyle, with some emphasis in her voice. "Our second shift guys need a break; they've been going full-on with this. And a lot of the County High kids are fighting the tickets in Court, and while they're losing badly and the fines get doubled or more, our guys have to respond to subpoenas to appear at those hearings. That's during the day, which means our guys aren't getting sleep at that time."

"That's a good point, Cap-tnnnnnnn." drawled the Chief. "Okay, Commander, what else is going on in our County? Anything new with the BigAgraFoods situation?" 

I kind of wished the Chief had not brought that up in front of everyone, but I answered. "Yes sir. Some of the people that resigned from BigAgraFoods rather than relocate elsewhere have cooperated with our investigation, so we're getting some information from that, which will be passed on to the FBI."

"Goooood." said the Chief. "That is one of the other things that came out of the Council meeting. They're not getting any flak from the Public about all of that. People generally are supporting the TCPD in this matter."

"That's not what the Press is telling me, Chief." said Captain Briscoe. "And while the crackdown has been successful, I'm getting word that it's really riling up the citizens on the north side. The money people. Under the surface, there's some dissatisfaction with what we've been doing."

"Any reply to that, Commander?" asked the Chief. I couldn't tell if he was messing with me to cause trouble, or if he seriously thought this was a problem.

"I've never been one to take the word of the deeply corrupt Press." I said. "They're not going to be satisfied with anything we do, and will attack us no matter what."

"That's not true." said Della Harlow. "The Press is honest and reports accurately, especially in this County."

Cindy and Teresa were agog at that one, and Cindy all but came out of her chair. Me, I was trying very hard to not laugh out loud. I somehow managed to succeed.

"What?" asked Della, miffed at the reactions. "The Press does not hate the Police... well, most of it." That got her some ugly looks, including from one Police Commander, who was deeply aware that I was the one Della was attacking with that statement."

"I beg to differ, Commander Harlow." I said strongly. "The Press has done all it can to hurt our operations and to denigrate us in the eyes of the Public, sometimes to the point of outright lying... as they did when they tried to smear Gunny Guernica to protect Jack Lewis and the corrupt SBI of that time. No, the Press is not honest at all. They are deeply corrupt. And you can tell them I said that; just be sure to quote me verbatim."

The Chief ended the meeting, as the tension in the room was growing by the second.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"How about lunch today at the Cop Bar?" asked FBI Special Agent in Charge Jack Muscone, having called me on the phone.

"Can I bring my Angels?" I asked. "I need to buy them lunch, anyway They've been kicking ass for me."

"Sure." said Muscone.

Lunch at the Cop Bar meant one thing, for sure: double cheeseburgers would meet their destiny. And they did. Jack had two, and all but inhaled them. I had only one, but I ate my fries and Jack's fries, too. Cindy had fish and chips. Teresa had a steak Caesar salad, then ordered a big basket of fries on the side and ate every last one of them.

We were in the back room, where we had some privacy. Still, Jack kept his voice down as he talked.

"I wanted to give you guys a quiet update of the BigAgraFoods case and the 'Guardians of Justice' situation." said Jack. "Senator Samuel Russell is in Washington, even though the Senate is in recess. He is working the phones hard, and getting other Senators to do the same, trying to bring pressure on the FBI to get after these 'Guardians of Justice' people, but to leave BigAgraFoods alone."

"Kinda hard to do." I said. "They're as intertwined as Cindy Brady's braids."

Jack chuckled, though the joke seemed to go over the much younger Cindy Ross's head. "I was going to say T-Square's dreds, but your analogy is spot-on." he said. "And you're right: how are we supposed to investigate one but not the other? But that's what Russell and his cronies want us to do."

"So..." I asked, "what's the FBI position on this that prompted this lunch?"

"400 years ago..." sighed Jack, then he answered: "The official position of the FBI is that they are concentrating on the Guardians of Justice. The cyber-counterintelligence groups are ostensibly working on that. There is no official investigation of BigAgraFoods, and the the FBI does not plan on opening one."

"Nicely parsed words there." Cindy said.

"Welcome to Government." replied Jack. "Dana Fox has told me privately that Team Lazarus will work on both. We'll take the leads from the cyber guys on the Guardians, but we'll be working the cover-up angles, as well... but very quietly."

"Why you guys?" asked Teresa. "BigAgraFoods has moved, or is moving, out of our State. I'll be the Iron Crowbar a dozen doughnuts that Senator Russell stays in Washington for months instead of risking coming home. So shouldn't other FBI teams be looking into this instead of you guys? Especially with Sandra's baby coming any day now?"

I noticed that Cindy began studying her empty plate very studiously as Teresa brought up Sandra and her baby. Meanwhile, Jack's face had a look of being caught unawares, so I rescued him.

"Teresa," I said, "the murder of Wheeler was in this State, and part of the cover-up occurred in this County, while the BigAgraFoods Headquarters was here. So any crimes and charges filed will be here. And besides... the FBI is putting their very best team on the case."

"Butter me up, butter me up." Jack said, hurling my oft-said words back at me.

"So, Jack," I said, "any new information on the Guardians of Justice?"

"Maybe." said Jack. "But nothing I can say here, no disrespect to any of you intended. Come by the Federal Building after you get off work."

After paying the bill, with me picking up Cindy and Teresa's checks, we were walking out. As we got to Jack's car, he turned to me and said "By the way, Don... Russell tried to get the IRS to audit you, and he wanted a big-time audit going back seven years."

"Oh really?" I said, not really surprised, and definitely not amused.

"I do know they declined to do it." said Jack. "They saw your wife's name alongside yours on the returns. They saw your settlement with the CIA. They chose, and wisely, to leave that one alone. But do be careful, Don. Russell is looking for every avenue he can find to attack you, and I get the sense he is really out for Crowbar blood..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

2:00pm, still Wednesday, August 9th. My assistant Helena buzzed me to tell me Supervisor Myron Milton wanted to talk with me. I had him come in.

As he sat down at my invitation, Myron made the hand sign to turn on my anti-bugging device. I nodded, but instead took out my bug-finder. It glowed green around the fluorescent ceiling light, and also around the window to the anteroom. Internal Affairs was listening in.

"Tell you what, Myron." I said. "Let's take a walk." Myron nodded. We went down the hall and out the side employees' entrance, then across the parking lot to the back gate that led to the Fairgrounds behind Police Headquarters. Once on the Fairgrounds, where no one could approach us without being seen, I said "We'll be as safe here as anywhere. What's up?"

"Sir," said Myron, "I think I'm being monitored." He then continued: "As you know, sir, we have safeguards to make sure hackers don't get into our systems. In addition, I'm always monitoring to see who is watching me when I go out to get information. Well, I can tell that someone is trying to monitor what I'm doing. And they're avoiding the standard security in doing so."
