 This story is part of an ongoing series. The chronological order of my stories is now listed in WifeWatchman's biography.

Feedback and constructive criticism is very much appreciated, and I encourage feedback for ideas.

This story contains graphic scenes, language and actions that might be extremely offensive to some people. These scenes, words and actions are used only for the literary purposes of this story. The author does not condone murder, racial language, violence, rape or violence against women, and any depictions of any of these in this story should not be construed as acceptance of the above.

Part 5 - Conflicts

6:00am, Thursday, August 10th. Captain Teresa Croyle came into Headquarters expecting to see a few Night Shift personnel, and some Day Shift people working out. Instead she found a busy MCD, many Uniformed Officers milling about, and the Police Chief and Police Commander in their offices. So she did the natural thing: she reported in to her boss, the Police Commander.

"Come in!" I said in response to the knock on my door. I looked up to see Teresa enter the office. "Good morning, Captain. There's some coffee in the pot, though I won't vouch for its freshness."

"I'll make a new pot." Teresa said. She did so, and as it percolated she sat down in the hot chair. "So, sir... what's going on?"

"We had a report of a rape." I said. "The woman was examined at the Hospital, and her statement was taken. An arrest was made based upon her information, but the guy was totally stunned. He said the sex was consentual."

"Hoo boy." Teresa said. "A 'he said, she said' case."

"Yes." I said. "But get this: Deputy Chief Harlow was at the Hospital, and refused to leave until the Chief showed up and kicked her out. I.A. Detective Tunnin also was there when I arrived."

"She was kind of our rape specialist before she went to I.A." said Teresa.

"True, and I'm somewhat excusing her appearance." I said. "But then Captain Ross made two egregious errors during the interrogation of the suspect." When I explained what Captain Ross had done, Teresa's eyes widened in surprise.

"Shit." she said. "And after you sent her back to the Academy... and I went with her." She then looked at me. "Have you told the Chief?"

"Yes." I said. "Bad news does not get better with age."

Teresa nodded. "Is she here?"

"I don't know." I said. "I told her to not have any further contact with the suspect. I told her to go to her office or go home."

"With your permission, sir," said Teresa, rising to her feet, "I'll go check her office now." I dismissed her to perform that task.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"This is Bettina Wurtzburg, KXTC Fox Two News!" shouted the lovely redheaded reporterette from in front of City Hall at 7:00am. "Fox Two News is following the news of the arrest of Peter Dwayne Gordon last night. He is accused of forcibly raping a woman he was on a date with. The name of the victim is being withheld by KXTC Fox Two News." The last sentence was said very sanctimoniously, as if the Media were dong some great, noble thing.

"Peter Gordon is the son of Lawrence J. Gordon, a wealthy businessman and Board Member of several companies." said Bettina. "Peter Gordon is a statistician for a polling company, and has done work for U.S. Senator Bill Nunn as well as Governor Val Jared. Police arrested Peter Gordon last night, and he remains in custody pending an initial hearing."

"And in other news," Bettina said, "Governor Val Jared met with FBI Assistant Director Dana Fox yesterday." As tape rolled of the Governor and AD Fox sitting and talking in an obvious Media photo-op, Bettina said: "The Governor has been very vocal in wanting the FBI to investigate allegations of criminal cover-up in the murder of Larry Wheeler, a BigAgraFoods employee, and also investigating U.S. Senator Samuel Russell's involvement in that cover-up. An aide to Senator Russell committed suicide before the SBI could arrest him, and the Governor wants the FBI to find more answers."

Bettina continued: "Senator Russell made a statement to the press in response to the Governor's meeting with the FBI. Roll tape."

Tape rolled, showing Russell speaking from within the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C. "The FBI needs to be concentrating on the cyber-terrorist group that calls itself 'The Guardians of Justice'," said the Senator, "and not listening to the whining rants of the mentally incompetent Governor of the State. I seriously believe Val Jared is not of sound mind in discussing out loud his wild accusations of conspiracy theories."

Back to Bettina: "And according to Karl Frazier of Public Policy Polling, Governor Jared is at 41% popularity, off his lows but still very negative. Senator Russell is at 51%, while Senator Nunn is at 46%. Locally, Commander Troy's popularity has dipped to 76% from his all-time high of 96% last Spring, after he was wounded by a gunshot to his back. Now let's go to Nick Eastwood for Sports. Nick!"

"Thank you Bettina!" said Nick. "Fox Two Sports is following the Bulldogs' summer camp. Head Football Coach Ted Thrasher is very optimistic for this season, saying the Bulldogs have rebuilt solidly from the disaster of two years ago, and gained valuable experience last year! The players look forward to competing for the Conference title, and believe that even a National title is within their grasp..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"National title?" I said scornfully. "Have the Bulldogs not looked down towards Tuscaloosa, Alabama? Detective Parker, what is the name of that pro-level football team that pretends to be a college team?"

"That would be the University of Alabama, sir." said Detective Teddy Parker. "But Ole Miss is gonna bust 'em up this year!" 

"Sir!" said Detective Joanne Warner fearlessly, "are the Bulldogs going to do to the Wildcats what Alabama is going to do to Ole Miss?" Wow, three birds with one stone, I thought to myself. Joanne is getting good at this trash talk game!

"Commander, my Police partner must be smoking something." said Detective Theo Washington, though with his 'movie star handsome' grin. "And it must've been from a bad, bad stash."

"I could not agree more." I said, knowing Theo's cousin Jamaal Washington was a Sophomore wide receiver for my Wildcats. "Wildcats rule!... until they don't."

At this moment, I noticed that MCD went quiet as two Captains walked in, one carrying a green crowbar.

Cindy's uniform was pressed and as sharp as I'd seen it in months; not a damn thing I could lock her heels over. But she was totally silent, not joining the banter about the football teams at all. Teresa had come in with her, and was also pensive.

"Okay, guys." I said. "False News is over until 8:00am. Let's get started. I can already tell this rape case is going to be big in the Media."

"How do you know that, sir?" asked Theo.

"Bettina's already reported the suspect's name and the name of his father." I replied. "PDQ, if you ask me."

"Sir," said Joanne, "how did Bettina know at all? Did you release the Duty Logs yet?"

"No, I haven't." I said. I always reviewed the Duty Logs before letting them be released for public, i.e. Media, consumption. "Logically, I'd guess they learned about the warrant that was issued by the Court for Gordon's arrest."

Just then, Chief Moynahan came into MCD. After pouring his cup of coffee, he said "Good morning everyone. Fortify yourselves with coffee and let's get going early. Peter Gordon's arraignment is at 9:00am, and I'm already getting phone calls from the Sheriff and the D.A. about it. Commander, Captain Ross, come to my office now. Detectives Warner and Washington, be ready to brief me on anything I want to know about it by 8:00am..."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"Captain Ross," said the Chief after he had us sit down in his office. "I understand you may have made things a bit difficult for our legal beagles last night." Cindy gave a sideways glance at me, which I did not return.

"The Commander did the proper thing and kept me advised of a problem that came up." said the Chief, having observed Cindy's glance. "I have long been worried about the nepotism in your situation, and I was actually quite relieved that the Commander discussed it with me."

The Chief continued: "But this is not the Catholic Church, so voluntary confession of our sins is not required; it's up to the Defense to discover it and make hay with it. If they do, so be it. But until then, Captain, I concur with the Commander's orders that you not have further contact with the suspect."

"Yes sir." Cindy said, her voice quiet and on the meek side.

"Okay, we'll move along, then." said the Chief. "We have a meeting with the D.A. and the Sheriff at 9:00am, the same time they'll be arraigning Gordon---- yes, Commander?"

"Sir, will you excuse me for a moment?" I said. "I just realized there's something important I need to do, and it can't wait."

"The restroom is down the back hall to the left." said the Chief in a jovial manner. "Go ahead, both of you. We'll talk later."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Getting back to my office, I checked to see if I.A. was listening in. At the moment they weren't. I got out my personal cellphone and made a call.

"Hi Mike." I said to Mike G. Todd, of the Madison & Ives Law Firm, formerly of Grove & Partners, P.C. in Apple Grove, "I need a favor. The Court went out of order to put Dexter Epstein on the Peter D. Gordon rape case. Would you defend him at the preliminary hearing, and don't give 'em an inch? I'll pay you myself if I have to..."

"Sure." said Mike. "I'll spot you the hearing, and we'll talk about the rest of it later."

As I hung up the phone, I felt relief that Peter Gordon would get proper legal representation. Dexter Epstein couldn't defend a little old lady from a jaywalking charge. Then I used the bug-checker, and the green light lit up, showing I was being listened in on. My feeling of relief dissipated.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

I sent Joanne Warner and several Uniformed Officers to escort Christina Cho to Kendra Luskin's apartment, to bring Kendra in for more questions, and for Christina to secure the dress (yes, it's blue, make of that what you will). 

At 8:00am, the KSTD newscast began. Cindy, Teresa and I were watching, and it was as disgusting a spectacle as I have ever seen:

"This is John Hardwood, KSTD Five-Alive News in the Morning! We're bringing you coverage of the brutal rape of a woman last night. Police arrested Peter Dwayne Gordon, an employee of Clear Call Polling, who has worked on the campaigns of U.S. Senator Bill Nunn and Governor Val Jared. We have with us Lawrence J. Gordon, Peter's father, who would like to make a statement."

"Thank you, John." said Lawrence J. Gordon. "I am here to denounce my son Peter Gordon for his despicable crime. His mother and I are humiliated, ashamed, and disgusted with his behavior. We did not raise this person to be a rapist. I encourage Law Enforcement and the Justice System to prosecute Peter to the fullest extent allowable, and once he is found guilty, to punish him as severely as is allowed by Law."

"That fucking bastard." Teresa gasped. "Throwing his own son under the bus?"

"Well, Peter did rape that woman." Cindy replied. "That's gotta be humiliating for his father."

"That hasn't been proved, not by a longshot." I said angrily, shocked at Cindy's words. But my reaction was nothing compared to the appearance of 'Teresa Cunt' in my office.

"Guilty or not, for a father to do that to a son is horrible!" Teresa exclaimed. "How can you even say that? Jesus fucking Christ!... oh my God." She got up. "Commander, if you'll excuse me..." She fled the room.

"What's with her?" Cindy asked as I got up and closed the office door behind Teresa. I looked down at Cindy.

"Perhaps you have forgotten," I said, "what Teresa's father said to her the night Teresa's sister was killed by a drunk driver. And now Teresa just watched that bastard publicly denounce his own son. In her own way, she was thrown under the bus, and I understand how she is feeling right now."

"Oh." Cindy said. "Yeah, I didn't realize. I guess I better go apologize..."

"Before you do," I said, taking off my badge and putting it on the desk, "put your badge on the desk. Let's talk." Cindy did so. I checked with the bug-detector; they were listening in.

"LISTEN, YOU FUCKING I.A. BUGGERS!" I shouted. "STOP LISTENING RIGHT NOW, OR I WILL COME DOWN THERE AND BEAT DOWN EVERY ONE OF YOUR GOD-DAMNED ASSES!" I slammed the top of my desk with my crowbar to emphasize the point, which made Cindy jump. The green light on my detector went off.

"Okay." I said. "What's going on with you? Your behavior is not normal for you, much less for a Police Captain, and you're making huge mistakes. So what's going on? Problems at home?"

"No sir." said Cindy. "I really did forget about Teresa and her father's comment to her, and I'll make that up to her."

"And the rest of it?" I asked. "Your conduct was so inexcusable that I had to report it to the Chief. Now come on, Cindy! What is the problem, here?"

"I have no answer for you, sir." said Cindy, her voice formal. "I made mistakes. I'll work to overcome them."

"Are you able to?" I asked, a bit harshly. "You just said Gordon was guilty, and I'll tell you right now: I'm not so sure of that. Is there a reason for your being so convinced?"

"No sir." said Cindy. "He's not guilty until he's convicted after his fair trial, of course. May I be excused, sir?"

I didn't know what else to say, so I said "Yeah. Pick up your badge and get the hell out of here. Go apologize to Teresa." Cindy picked up her badge and got out.

My computer chimed. Martha had just emailed her report. I read it with interest. Martha said that Kendra Luskin had no obvious bruising, no tears or signs of forced sex in her vaginal or anal areas, no scratches or bruises anywhere on her body to show that she'd been held down or forced to have sex. Her fingernails had some of Peter's skin underneath, but no large amounts that a rape victim might scratch off a rapist.

This was almost a slam dunk that he's innocent, I thought to myself...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"It's okay." Teresa said as Cindy sat down on her loveseat sofa. "I let that news report get to me, and I jumped you. It's my fault."

"No, I should've been more sensitive to how you would feel about it." said Cindy. "I'm still not sure why I wasn't more aware in there."

"Anything bothering you?" asked Teresa. "This case, maybe?"

"I dunno." Cindy said. "Maybe after what happened to Jenna, I'm sensitive to it?"

"I don't know." Teresa said. "But I was looking at the tape of the interrogation last night. Girl, what were you thinking?"

"You going to start in on me, too?" Cindy said. "The Commander's already gone to the Chief about it."

"I'm not starting in on you about what happened." said Teresa. "But speaking frankly, you put Don in a bad position. He had no choice but to tell the Chief, especially because y'all are so close."

Cindy was looking rather darkly at Teresa, so Teresa tried a new tack: "Look. I saw it on the tape, and that means the lawyers can, and will, see it, too. Dexter Epstein doesn't know his ass from a hole in the ground, but competent legal representation will see it, and may try to do something with it. At the least, if Don says nothing and it blows up, then he's going to get his ass reamed, and then he can't be a buffer for what they'll bring down on you. In its own weird way, Don is protecting you by taking it to the Chief."

"Tough love, huh?" Cindy said "Yeah, I guess I put him in a bad position."

Teresa said no more. She was not understanding Cindy's attitude at the moment, which was seeming disinterest that her actions had caused her Police Commander problems.

There was a knock on the door. Both women were surprised to see Chief Emeritus Griswold come into the office...

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

9:00am, Thursday, August 10th. I drove Chief Moynahan and Captain Ross in my Police SUV to City Hall, where the District Attorney's offices were. Yes, we could've walked, but if an emergency situation arose, we needed the vehicle nearby.

As we walked into the office of D.A. Gil Krasney, I was shocked to see who else was in the room. State Attorney Jenna Stiles, Cindy's former fiancée, was there, as was Deputy Chief Della Harlow. ADA Paulina Patterson, Sheriff Daniel Allgood, and Chief Deputy Sheriff Charles T. Oswald were also there.

"Massive gathering for a case." I whispered to the Chief and Cindy as we approached the door. The Chief barked a laugh. Cindy said nothing.

"Come on in, guys." said D.A. Krasney, sitting at the far end head of the table. "Have a seat." The Sheriff was sitting at the near end. The Chief sat to his left, and I sat one seat forward, to the Chief's left. To my left was Paulina.

That forced Cindy to sit to the Deputy Sheriff's right... and Jenna Stiles's left. Their greeting was cordial, but stiff and formal. Della Harlow was to Jenna's right... and next to the D.A. If this were a formal dinner setting, I thought to myself, Laura and I would both be miffed at Della Harlow's 'superior' seat placement.

"Okay," said the D.A. "I want to get our ducks in a row on this rape case. I'm already getting calls from the Press and from politicians about it."

"Mr. Krasney," I said, "How did these people find out about this so quickly? The guy hasn't even been arraigned yet, or is being arraigned right about now... and you're already hearing from people about it?"

"I don't know how they found out, Commander." said Krasney, not happy to have been asked that 'impertinent' question. "I just know that they have. It's a sensitive issue, too. The suspect's father went on TV and denounced his own son, called him guilty! That's going to hurt our jury pool. So, what have you guys got on this?"

The Chief and I looked at Cindy, who said "We've followed standard procedures. Rape kit at the Hospital. Ms. Luskin was interviewed by the trauma psychiatrist, and we have that on videotape. We brought the suspect in for questioning, and he admitted to having sex with her, but said it was consentual." She stopped, even though I was peering at her.

When it became clear that Cindy was going to say no more, I said "He said a lot more than that. He said she had him drive up the road towards Point Hollow, and that she initiated the sex."

"So then why would she go to the Hospital and accuse him of raping her?" Della Harlow said, harshly.

"That's what I'm looking into now." I said.

"What do you mean by that statement?" Jenna Stiles said, peering at me. Her question was an accusation.

"Exactly what I just said." I replied strongly. "I am looking into the reasons for the absolute disparity between their stories. And there is plenty to look at. Have y'all seen Martha's report of her examination of Ms. Luskin? I read it before we came here this morning. No injuries consistent with a violent confrontation or rape."

"Martha is not a doctor, nor a psychiatrist." Jenna shot back.

"Like hell, she's not." I said. "She's a doctor, anyway. And Dr. Yates is the psychiatrist, whose report I eagerly await."

"Doesn't prove anything." said Harlow angrily.

"It definitely creates reasonable doubt." I said. "At least enough for me to investigate if Luskin has reason to make a false accusation."

"Typical man." said Jenna Stiles. "Blaming the victim for the rape."

"Now that's just wrong!" yelled Deputy Chief Oswald. "Commander Troy did no such thing!"

"Sounded like he did, to me." Della shot back.

"You forget yourself, Ms. Harlow." said Chief Moynahan. "The Chief Deputy outranks you, as does Commander Troy. Not to mention that you're not a Detective, and your presence here is baffling to meeeee."
