 When I woke up she was gone, with only the mussed bed and an old-sex smell to say she'd been at all. I lay there for some time, just thinking. Had I helped her? For all that half our time together seemed to be spent fighting, I did want her to be happy. I guess I really did love her. We just couldn't stand each other for more than a few hours at a time.

I got up, showered, dressed, cooked breakfast, ate, and lay on the couch. I was trying to put her out of my mind - a problem I couldn't solve - but I couldn't manage it. As I went about my mindless morning routines I was seeing them as she would see them, and it didn't paint a pretty picture.

I'd lived in this apartment for eight years, ever since I left high school. Given my reluctance to do housework, you could well say that it was a dump: half-fixed electronics on the table, burnt build-up half an inch thick on the stove in the kitchen, peeling wallpaper. I groaned and rubbed my face. Now that I'd seen all this with fresh eyes, I knew sooner or later I'd clean up. I hated my brain.

Shoving all that aside, I went into my study and sat down. Here, at least, the chaos was necessary. I turned my computer on and began to paw through my notes on the latest project. Within moments I was lost, fingers clacking mechanically, symbols spooling out on the screen. Freelance programming was a good occupation for me – logic being they keystone of my universe – if not always for my health. I kept myself in reasonable shape most of the time, but when the rainy winter kicked in and I was spending eighteen hour shifts at the computer with a cold pizza and a bottle of wine, I tended to run to fat.

Did she think I was fat? Ugly certainly, she'd said as much in arguments before...

I came to with a start, realising I had just been staring at the screen for more than a minute. It wasn't even midday yet.

"Dammit!" I said out loud to myself. "Get back to work, think later."

I got back to work.

*

It was two nights later, long enough to catch me unready, when the next knock came at my door. I turned the TV off with the remote and stood, brushing myself down, straightening my clothes and hating myself for it. I opened the door. It was her.

"Hi," she said, smiling. Her hair was held back in a neat pony tail, her fine form blanketed by her long black coat. She was somehow more gorgeous than I'd remembered.

"Hi. Come in."

I ushered her in again, looking appreciatively as she took off her coat, revealing tight black jeans and a dark collared shirt. She kicked off her shoes.

"I brought a movie," she said, drawing a DVD case out of one of her coat pockets.

"I hate movies."

"I know," she said, breezing into the lounge room. "But this one is really really good.

"Bride of Honour," I read from the front of the case she carried. "Sounds horrific."

"I knew you'd say that." She slid the disk into my DVD player and turned back to me. "I came prepared."

She undid her fly and let her jeans fall to the floor. She wasn't wearing panties, the black denim revealing only creamy skin as it fell, and a wide, neat V of orange pubic hair. She stepped out of the jeans and quickly undid her shirt, casting it and her bra to the floor as well.

"Well, hurry up," she teased impatiently. I dropped my shorts and underwear, and when I had pulled off my shirt, Lana gestured for me to throw it to her. I did, and she laid it out on the couch.

"Sit down," she said, and I sat on the shirt, Lana lying with her head on my thigh, wisps of hair tickling my thighs and balls, making my cock harden. She picked up the remote and pressed play.

"Watch." She commanded.

So I looked up at the screen as her hot, wet mouth closed over my cock. I was watching the images, but not registering them as I revelled in the feel of Lana's mouth. God, her lips, tongue, even teeth. She took all the length of my shaft that she could for a moment, then pulled off, the room's air a chilly shock after her warmth. She rested fingertips under my balls, gently tickling them now as she began to lick up and down the length of my member. With the tip of her tongue she played with my foreskin, pressing down through it to touch my sensitive flesh.

After a few golden minutes of licking and kissing, she took the head in her mouth again, wrapping her fingers around the middle of my shaft. She began to jerk me quickly, moving her tongue all over the throbbing head. I breathed deeply. She certainly hadn't known that trick five years ago. I didn't know whether to hold back or let it go, but in the end it didn't really matter. It only took another minute or so at most, under her quick pumping fingers and sinuous tongue. I had one hand on her breast, one on the back of her head and in the still moment when I knew I was about to come, I wondered quickly whether I should warn her. 

I hesitated a moment and was lost. An orgasmic shuddering rolled all through me, leaving me breathless as waves of release rang through my body, curling fingers and gasping. As if that wasn't enough, the small, clear corner of my mind was getting the double pleasure of orgasmic release and ego: I mean, I was coming in Elana Dennison's mouth. Shove that in your trophy cabinet and smoke it.

She slowed down gradually, licking, massaging and gently sucking out my semen. I sunk into the couch, elated and drained. I stroked her hair, and she finally raised her head. She looked me in the eyes, smiled wickedly, and swallowed hard. 

Wow.

I took her face between my hands and breathed "That was..."

She giggled as I trailed off, at a loss for words. "Quite good," she provided, "though I've still got a few more tricks up my sleeve. I paid two hundred bucks to learn to give head like that."

"Shit. It was worth it."

"Now," she said, turning her attention back to the screen in a businesslike fashion, resting her head once again on my thigh, "rewind the movie. I know for a fact you weren't watching it."

*

As it turned out, the movie wasn't as bad as I'd feared, though I still couldn't say I enjoyed it. As the screen fell black I looked down to Lana and was surprised to see she was asleep. Though I tried not to disturb her, she woke up as I was awkwardly sliding off the couch.

"Hey," she murmured quietly, as if she was a little surprised to wake up there. "It's over? What did you think."

"It was okay," I smiled at her. She looked adorable, like an angel. A sexy, sexy nude angel.

This time I carried her into the bedroom, laying her gently on the bed. I wondered for a split second before I picked her up if I was going to drop her and make a fool of myself, but she was incredibly light. I hadn't expected it from how full her form seemed. She was so perfectly proportioned that even I forgot how small she was.

After switching off everything in the house I came back and joined her under the covers in the dark. We moved against each other by touch until we found a comfortable position.

"Made up with Candice yet?" I asked her.

"Yes. I screamed at her for an hour and then we both cried and now everything's normal. Sometimes I think I never left high school."

There was silence for a few minutes, and I thought she'd gone to sleep. Then she softly said "Jimmy?"

"Mmm?"

"Would you...do you mind if I stay here for a while?"

"What? Why?"

"I wouldn't get in the way, I swear. I won't bother you when you're working or anything."

I laughed softly into her hair.

"I think you misunderstood. Of course. You can stay whenever you want, you know that. What I was asking was why you would want to."

"Because I'm lonely without Ash." She sounded so sweet when she said that that I felt compelled to hug her more tightly, and kissed her cheek.

"You're a superstar, Lana. There must be millions of guys who would kill for a night with you."

"I know. It's ironic, isn't it? The same reason that you wouldn't lift a finger, let alone kill for a night with me is the same reason you can have me."

"You mean..." I probed.

"I mean, that you're the only man I've ever met that treats me how I deserve to be treated. Fame means nothing to you, I'm just another person."

I thought about that in the darkness. It occurred to me from nowhere that she hadn't worn much perfume tonight.

"Well, yeah. Though you're wrong about lifting a finger. You're just another incredibly beautiful person."

More silence.

"Jimmy, do you remember the first day we met?"

I chuckled. "Yeah."

"Why are you laughing?"

"Because it was in a library."

"So what?"

"Nothing."

"Hey, fuck you. I read a lot, thank you very much."

"Trash magazines and kids' books."

"Shut up!" she snapped, elbowing me sharply in the stomach.

"Hey, that's okay. We all want to know what happens to The Barnyard Gang."

Though I couldn't see, I still pre-empted the fist coming toward my chest and caught her wrist easily. Then, holding her down I leant over and stuck my tongue straight down into her ear.

"Oh my god!" She squealed. "Gross! Get off!"

I held her there, squirming for a few moments, then let her go, laughing.

"I can't believe you," she whined, then grabbed my hair and pulled my into a rough kiss.

"Goodnight, Jimmy."

"Night Lana. Love you," I mocked.

"Bastard."