 INGRID IN PARIS

While Aaron, unbeknown to Ingrid, was banging her brother back home, she was meeting people and taking on new lovers in Paris. The students were on their own on the weekends to visit the city and the surrounding areas. One Saturday Ingrid visited Versailles where she me a lovely French couple, Nicole and Marcel. The couple were lovers and they enjoyed bringing other people into their sex lives. They had often seduced men and women that they met and enjoyed the additional sex partner. Ingrid had caught their eye and they decided to make their move. 

The couple had also caught Ingrid's eye as she thought the woman was quite pretty and the man handsome and sexy. She smiled at them and then they introduced themselves. The couple invited her to have a coffee with them at a café and Ingrid accepted. They shared information about each other and Ingrid explained she was in France with other American students. They finished their coffee, they offered Ingrid a ride back to Paris and invited her to have a glass of wine in their apartment.

Once back in Paris, they entered the tastefully decorated apartment and Ingrid was shown into the sitting room. She sat on the day bed and Nichole sat across from her as Marcel poured the wine. Marcel returned with the wine and served the two women and then sat across from Ingrid in the other chair. They sipped the wine and chatted and Ingrid felt very relaxed. Ingrid loved the wine and she wanted to remember to ask Nichole what it was before she left. Ingrid felt very warm and then she felt a tingling in her loins. Her condition did not go unnoticed by the couple and Marcel moved over to the day bed to sit next to the blonde Swedish American.

He put his arm around Ingrid and she just melted and cuddled up to him. Marcel kissed her neck and ears and Ingrid was gasping out loud. She guessed that they had put something in her wine but she didn't care as she felt wonderful. Marcel turned her face toward him and he kissed her deeply driving his tongue into her mouth. As their tongues danced around, Ingrid felt someone's hands traveling up her legs and she knew it had to be Nichole. The hands climbed over her nylons to the bare skin of her thighs and Ingrid thought she would cum on the spot. Nichole then hooked her fingers in the waistband of the panties and slowly pulled them down and off her legs. She pried Ingrid's thighs apart and then kissed her inner thighs. Ingrid moaned and groaned into Marcel's mouth. She then felt the first touch of Nichole's tongue on her vulva and she shivered with desire.

As Nichole went about her expert cunt lapping, Marcel had begun to rub Ingrid's tits through her blouse. He methodically unbuttoned the blouse and unhooked her bra. He opened the blouse and pushed the bra up over her tits baring them to his eyes and touch. He gently rubbed her tits and tweaked her swollen nipples as Nichole continued her ministrations on the wet pussy. Ingrid was excited beyond her expectations and she came in Nichole's mouth when Marcel leaned over and sucked on her tits and nipples. Her hips bucked of their own volition as she creamed the French woman's face and screamed in ecstasy.

Nichole and Marcel then stood up and undressed and then took off the rest of Ingrid clothes. They steered Ingrid into their bedroom and they had her lay on their bed. Marcel climbed between her legs and he inserted his impressive cock into her pussy. Ingrid was thrilled to have a new cock in her vagina and she wrapped her legs around his torso and humped up at him. Nichole moved over Ingrid and lowered her pussy onto the young woman's face. Ingrid did not hesitate and she began to lick and suck on tasty pussy with enthusiasm. Nichole was very hot from just eating pussy so she knew that she would not last long particularly with Ingrid aggressiveness. 

Marcel felt his own cum building in his balls and he picked up the pace and pounded the blonde pussy. Nichole gasp out loud as the first wave of her orgasm hit her and then she rubbed her pussy all over the pretty face. Marcel's body stiffened as he unloaded in the sweet pussy flooding it with his French seed. Ingrid felt the warm semen fill her cunt and she lost it for a second time. She came hard and her body thrashed all about as Marcel continued to spurt in her and Nichole doused her face with female juices.

Nicole climbed off and left the bed briefly. Marcel pulled his dripping cock from Ingrid's pussy and knelt back on his heels. Ingrid acted as if she still needed more and her hands went right to her pussy and she rubbed her clit and fingered herself. Ingrid knew it had to be the wine that they had to have put something in it for her to behave that way. Nichole returned to the bed with a double dildo in her hand and she pushed one end into Ingrid's pussy. Then she put the other end in her own pussy and she began to fuck the blonde beauty. Ingrid fucked back as the French woman fondled her tits. Marcel moved alongside Ingrid's face and offered her his semi-hard cock which she immediately took in her mouth. She sucked fast and furious on the uncut cock as she humped her hips frantically at Nichole. Marcel was now hard again and he pulled his cock from the hungry mouth. Ingrid looked like a little bird as the cock was removed and she was trying to get it back in her mouth. He smiled because he had other plans for her, maybe next time he would cum in her mouth. Marcel told Nichole to roll over and she held tightly to Ingrid as she rolled them both over keeping the dildo in their pussies. Nichole held to Ingrid's buttocks as the two women fucked each other and then Marcel nestled his cock into the crack of the scrumptious ass. Marcel had lubed up his cock as the woman were turning over and now he pressed it against Ingrid's nether hole. 

Ingrid felt the hard cock looking for its entrance into her ass and she pushed her hips back in acceptance. He eased his cock into her ass and at once he realized that she was indeed experienced in anal sex. His cock was slimmer than Aaron's so it went in easily. He began to fuck her ass slowly and he could feel the fake cock on the other side of her thin membrane. Ingrid was creaming all over the fake dick and it seemed as if her orgasms were just continuous ones that would never stop. Nichole was close to cumming again as the rubber shaft rubbed constantly against her engorged clit. Their tits and sensitive nipples rubbed together as they fucked one another. Marcel felt his balls tighten once again and he unleashed a torrent of cum into the lovely bottom. Ingrid continued her string of orgasms and her body reacted violently to her recent climax. Her whole body shook with the tremors of her volcanic climax as she thrashed between the bodies of her new found French lovers. Nichole exploded in response to the blonde's gyrations and she creamed the one end of the dildo.

Marcel and Nichole were drained and they tried to lie motionless but Ingrid was in perpetual motion and they had to disengage from her. Marcel pulled his cock from her ass and then he rolled Ingrid off of Nichole. Ingrid lay on her back with one end of the dildo still buried in her steamy pussy. Nichole and Marcel got off the bed and watched as Ingrid grabbed the other end of the dildo and fucked her herself.

"How much did you give her?" Nichole asked Marcel.

"Not too much but I don't think she needed it. Come leave her with the dildo and let's relax for a few minutes."

"She is quite the hottie."

"Yes, and very experienced. I entered her ass with ease. She has had bigger cocks than mine in her bottom."

"We will have to have her again. We should invite her to a party."

"Definitely!"

Marcel and Nichole left the bedroom and moved into the sitting room leaving Ingrid to pleasure herself with the dildo. They poured a glass of wine and then they toasted each other congratulating each other on their new conquest. As they sipped the wine they could hear Ingrid in the other room moaning and groaning as she fucked herself with the dildo. After about 30 minutes they returned to the bedroom. Once again Nichole joined Ingrid in the bed and turned her to the side and slid the other end of the dildo into her own pussy. Marcel lay on his side behind Ingrid and once again he slid his cock into her shapely ass. It took quite a while before Nichole and Marcel came again but when they did Ingrid went with them. This time they stayed in the bed with Ingrid as the aphrodisiac gradually wore off. Ingrid recuperated and she realized that she had incredible sex.

Later Ingrid bathed with Nichole and then she got dressed and turned to leave. She thanked them for a wonderful time and they agreed to see each other again. Ingrid started back home and she had a very achy and tired body. As she left Marcel and Nichole agreed that Ingrid would make a fine addition to their circle of friends. In turn Ingrid was anxious to tell Vince about her day.

MARTHA GETS MORE THAN HER WISH

The ploy worked well as Martha faked having to work on Wednesday. She left the house and went to a coffee house. After waiting until 10:30 she returned home hoping to catch Aaron and her son. It had started to drizzle so she knew they would be in the house somewhere. Entering quietly, she paused and listened for voices or sounds. Eventually she heard her son's voice encouraging Aaron to fuck him. They were in the family room. 

She was able to watch them without being detected or so she thought. However, this time Aaron saw her image in the mirror over the sofa. At that very moment Aaron made up his mind to pay Martha a visit when Chris wasn't home. Martha stayed until was sure that Aaron had cum and then she slipped away. She quietly left the house and went to lunch. She returned after lunch but this time put the car in the garage and made enough noise so they would know she was home.

By then both were dressed and sitting in the family room listening to music. Martha got a glass of wine and the guys joined her opting for beers. They chatted as if nothing had taken place in the house. Eventually, Aaron left to get ready for work. In the course of their conversation, he learned that Chris had a dental appointment the following Monday. He decided he would pay Martha a visit on that day.

Aaron came over to the house on Thursday to be with Chris as usual. He also hung out of Friday, Saturday and Sunday with the family. They were outside most of the time swimming and sunbathing. Aaron continued to admire Martha in her two-piece swimwear. In turn she frequently checked out his package in his snug Speedo. On Monday he visited Martha knowing that Chris was at the dentist. Martha was surprised to see Aaron by himself but she invited him in and offered him a cup of coffee. 

"Chris isn't here he has a dental appointment."

"Yeah I know. I wanted to talk to you about what you witnessed last week."

"I don't know what you mean."

"I think you do. You were watching me fuck your son in the family room on Wednesday."

"No, I was at the museum on Wednesday."

"I saw you in the mirror. You snuck back in the house so you could watch us. In fact, I think you lied about working on Wednesday so you could spy on us."

"Please don't tell Christopher."

"We'll have to see about that but right now, I bet you're thinking about my big cock."

"I am not and I think you should leave before my son gets home."

"You know that you don't want me to leave. I think you want to see my big dick the one that filled your son's ass with cum."

"I do not and I want you out of my house this instant." 

"You know Martha I think that it is time that we got to know each other better."

It was the first time he called her by her first name and it sounded strange. 

"I know you have been thinking about my cock. I think that you should have a closer look."

Aaron walked over and stood in front of her and pushed her to her knees. She didn't resist or struggle. She knew he was right.

"Take it out, you know you want to."

As if she was in a trance, Martha did as Aaron demanded. Her hands were shaking as she unfastened his pants and then hooked her fingers in the waistband in them along with his cotton briefs and slowly pulled them down. He was already hard in anticipation of seducing the mother.

Aaron's impressive cock got caught in the waistband momentarily and then it sprung out like a coiled snake. She gasped when she saw the big cock bob in front of her face. Aaron's cock was big but it was not freakish. However, at nearly 8" long and a little more than 5" around it was the biggest cock that she had ever seen and it looked menacing to her. She briefly recalled her former husband's and Chris' cocks which was more the average size of 6" and not as thick. She also thought about the other cocks she had experienced before her marriage and although some were larger than her husband's, they paled in comparison to Aaron's. She just stared at the cock in front of her as he kicked off his pants and underwear.

He reached for her head and held it gently as he guided her face toward his cock. She knew that she was expected to take the cock in her mouth but she was reluctant. Martha had only performed oral sex on men and that was in an effort to get them hard. No one had ever cum in her mouth in her life. She let him guide her face to his cock and she opened her mouth wide to receive the impressive organ. The big fleshy mushroom head filled her mouth and she knew that she would never be able to take all of him. She was inexperienced in oral sex but she tried to hide that from him. She bobbed her head up and down on the stiff shaft taking about half of it in her mouth.

Martha actually liked the soft feel of the mushroom head rubbing against the roof of her mouth as she sucked the thick cock. He held her head gently and caressed her hair as she sucked him. He was very turned on and he knew that he would not last long since it he had been thinking about having sex on the way to the house. He felt his ball sac tighten and the pressure build in his scrotum. He opted not to tell her that he was close to cumming but instead held her head more firmly. He ejaculated into her mouth with such force that it startled her.

She tried to pull her head off of his cock but he held her head tightly as jets of cum shot into her mouth. She felt the first jolt hit the back of her throat and before she could react, a second round shot in her mouth. She swallowed the semen as quickly as she could to keep from gagging. He kept shooting cum into her mouth and she quickly learned to use her tongue to block the discharging cock before swallowing the semen. Six forceful jets were shot into her oral cavity and then the cock just oozed its remaining discharge. In spite of her inexperience, she ended up swallowing all the semen. It was her first taste of man seed and she thought that it hadn't tasted that bad. 

Aaron finally removed his cock. She stared at the imposing weapon that had just ejaculated in her mouth and it was still as hard as steel. She felt his hands on her pulling her to her feet and then he kissed her deeply. Martha was surprised that he would kiss her after she sucked his cock but he seemed unconcerned about the traces of semen in her mouth. She couldn't believe how she let herself be manipulated by him. He took Martha by the hand. 

"Let's go to your bedroom."

She walked ahead of him and as she ascended the stairs he watched her marvelous ass undulate in the tight slacks. She walked into her bedroom with him right behind her and then she turned to face him. She was about to speak and tell him she couldn't do this when he stepped up to her and kissed her driving his tongue into her mouth. She had not been kissed that passionately in a very long time.

He began to undress her as she stood still but trembled as her clothing was removed. He first removed her blouse, then her shoes and her slacks. She stood wearing only her bra and panties and he liked what he saw. He stepped up behind her and unhooked the bra. He slowly pushed it down her arms and she instinctively covered her breasts with her hands. He massaged her neck and shoulders gently as if he was trying to remove her tension. His hands encircled her waist and he kissed her neck. She shivered and goose bumps covered her skin. His hands moved upwards and he cupped her breasts. He fondled them gently and toyed with her erect nipples. Martha could feel her body heating up and she felt like she was a teenager once again.

"You have very nice tits Martha. Not as firm as Ingrid's but still nice."

He then dropped to his knees behind her and began to pull her panties down. First, he uncovered her buttocks and he kneaded them gently in his hands. Then he lovingly placed kisses on each of the ass cheeks and let his tongue tickle her crack. She gasped aloud when the tongue slid over her crack. She then felt her panties pulled all the way down her legs and she stepped out of them. Now completely naked he turned her around so that she faced her kneeling seducer. He touched her all her around her vulva and probed her vagina gently with his fingers.

Her pussy was sopping wet by now and she was unnerved when he moved in closer to lick her pussy. She groaned and shivered as the tongue danced over her labia and then she almost collapsed when the tongue found her clit. He pushed two fingers into her pussy and quickly located her g-spot. He massaged her g-spot and nibbled on her clit simultaneously. She lost it and she grasped his head and held him tightly as her juices poured into his mouth. Martha almost lost her balance; her orgasm was so intense and she seemed to cum for minutes. Aaron stood up and she saw his face coated with her love juice. He kissed her again.

He guided her over to the bed and had her lie on her back. He raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked menacing as it hovered above her hips. He held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. He would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. Finally, his entire cock was buried in her and she sighed feeling completely full almost afraid to move. This was still a new sensation for her to be this full as his cock touched areas within her for the first time. He was bigger than her dildo.

Aaron held himself inside her waiting for Martha to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled as he knew he had her and she would be his from that day on. She was ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and he fucked her using long slow hard strokes. She locked her legs around his ass and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was at the mercy of his impressive organ as it pounded her pussy.

"Oh yes, oh it feels so good, oh, oh, love me, yes make love to me. Oh my I have never been so full, make me cum, make it last forever." 

If Aaron hadn't just cum in her mouth he would not have been able to hold on as long. Martha was so hot and she squeezed him in her tight pussy. He fucked her through one orgasm after another before he filled her pussy with cum. His orgasm was as intense as hers as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. She felt the warm liquid fill her womb as he fired round after round into her. She could still taste his cum in her mouth and now he had cum in her pussy too. She could not believe her behavior it had all happened so fast.

She could feel his cock softening but even then, it still filled her. He slowly lifted himself off of her body and in so doing his thick cock slipped from her pussy. She felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body and she gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacated vagina. 
