 MARTHA'S TURN

Aaron came over to the house on Friday but not to fuck Chris. He hung out with the family at the pool for a short while. When Chris was absent for several minutes, Aaron made his offer to Martha. She told him she would think about it and let him know of her plans. One thing for sure, she was not going to stay at home with Chris and his two gay classmates. Aaron suggested the Harbor Inn, an upscale hotel and resort.

Later that day the classmates arrived and Chris introduced them to his mother and Aaron. They were both handsome teens and at first did not appear to be gay young men. However, after listening to them talk and watching their body language it was clear that they were indeed gay. The boys were polite though and didn't behave badly with Martha home. Before Aaron left, Martha had agreed to check-in at the Harbor Inn Friday evening and Aaron would arrive on Saturday.

Martha slept in on Saturday morning and had a late breakfast in the resort coffee shop. She returned to her room and waited for Aaron to arrive. He got there about 11:00 AM. She was in her bikini as she had hoped to get in a quick swim. He was pleased to see her nearly naked body. Aaron wasted no time taking off his clothes and he was in an obvious state of desire. 

Martha's eyes automatically dropped to Aaron's crotch and she watched his cock stiffen in her presence. He leaned over and kissed her belly to her thighs. Then he kissed his way back up her thighs as she closed her eyes and let it happen. He pulled her bikini bottom away from her crotch and ran his tongue over her vulva. She moaned loudly and pushed her pussy toward Aaron's face.

"As I guessed Martha your pussy is very wet. Would you like me to take care of it for you?"

She had just closed her eyes and nodded affirmatively. He pulled the bikini bottom to one side of her vulva and stroked her outer lips. She could feel her juices flowing and she bolted when he touched her hooded clit. He stuck one finger into her twat and with his other hand he tweaked her erect clit. She went bonkers immediately had a mild orgasm but he did not stop and continued to bring her pleasure with his fingers and mouth. 

Aaron pulled her bikini bottoms down and off of her legs. She instinctively allowed her thighs to part and exposed her dripping wet pussy. He smiled, leaned over and ran his tongue up the length of her pussy. Her body tingled and she shivered with desire. He licked her a few more times and he had her close to another orgasm when he stopped. 

"Martha it is time for you to reciprocate as well."

He moved back toward her and she spotted his erect cock. It was a beautiful cock and it always looked ominous. He lay on the bed with her so that his cock was beside her face and his face was aligned with her pussy. She knew she was expected to take his cock in her mouth. He guided his cock to her mouth and then he resumed eating her pussy. She adjusted to the thick cock as she enjoyed his skilled oral technique.

He was very sexually charged and he knew that he would cum quickly. He never warned her that he was going to cum but just as she was humping her hips into his face with her own orgasm, he ejaculated into her mouth. Martha as always was stunned with the first jolt of cum as it hit the back of her throat. She had not expected him to cum in her mouth so quickly. She no sooner swallowed the first stream then another filled her mouth. She swallowed and was prepared to receive the third, fourth and fifth volley. He always expected her to suck him dry and she did as he expected. She sucked on his cock until it was drained of all his seed. 

He then moved around the bed and lifted her legs up to where her knees touched her chest exposing her pussy and anus. Aaron began to lick her pussy once more and then he surprised her by running his tongue across her anus. He licked her from her nether hole up over her pussy and then back again. Martha was excited by having her anus licked. She had douched her bottom earlier in hopes that his tongue would return to her sensitive aperture. He would dip his tongue into her pussy and into her anus. He fastened his mouth on her twat as he slid a moistened finger into her ass.

She groaned with the intrusion in her ass. He worked her pussy with his mouth and her bottom with his finger as she seemed to accept another anal invasion. He then pushed the thumb from the same hand fingering her ass into her pussy and held her in a vise like grip. He continued to suck on her clit as he finger-fucked her pussy and ass. Martha was going crazy and her head was rolling from side to side in ecstasy. Just before she climaxed, he removed his finger, thumb and mouth. He knelt between her raised legs and eased his thick cock into Martha's pussy. 

She was so close to an orgasm; she wanted him to penetrate her hot pussy with his big dick. She moaned as he filled her womb. He rocked his body into her and kept his cock in constant contact with her clit. She was crazy with desire and she was approaching a mind-blowing orgasm. Her body went rigid and then exploded as she was overcome with the intensity of her climax. Her body seemed to go into convulsions and then slowed down until she finally went limp on the bed.

Aaron pulled out of her and then rolled her over onto her stomach. He unfastened her bikini bra and threw it on the floor. He lifted her by the hips until her ass was level with his cock. He slid his cock back into her pussy and slowly fucked her doggy style. She turned her head to one side on the bed and stared into open space. She couldn't believe she was in a hotel room getting fucked by her daughter's boyfriend. She cooed as his big cock sawed in and out of her. He fucked her as long as he could before he shot his second load of the day. 

He pulled out and flopped face down on the king size bed. She did the same and they rested together. They had been at it for an hour. She was thankful that he had not tried to fuck her in the ass. She was always worried about that each time they were together. Since he didn't pursue her bottom, she assumed he was satisfied fucking her son's ass. 

"Let's take a quick rinse off and go down to the pool deck. We can have lunch and cocktails there today."

Aaron put on his skimpy Speedo and Martha her bikini. They were a hot looking couple and she was glad that she looked younger than her 45 years. Some people would take them for mother and son while others would guess they were lovers. They sat at a table under an umbrella and ordered lunch. They both had a Bloody Mary too.

"How do you think the boys are getting along about now?"

"You mean Chris and his gay classmates. I would assume that with you not being home that they are less inhibited."

"Do you think they engage in threesomes?"

"Of course, Chris already told me that. They are probably in one as we speak. I bet one is on his hands and knees with a cock in his mouth and a cock in his ass."

"That is very graphic."

"Well, I'm sure that they get very creative with positions. It is cool of you though to let them have the house to themselves."

"Chris said they are staying until Monday morning."

"That's good, I got off work tonight and Sunday night. We will have two full days to ourselves."

"If you don't wear me out."

"Right now, let's enjoy the weather and another cocktail."

INGRID AT A PARTY IN PARIS

As Martha, Aaron and Chris were getting their fill of sex, things had begun to heat up in Paris. Vince and Ingrid had been invited to get together again with Marie and meet her boyfriend. Henri took them all to a party and when they arrived there was only one other woman and five men there. The woman was introduced to them as Danielle.

She led them into her parlor and introduced them to the five Frenchmen. Danielle served champagne and everyone stood around and drank as they engaged in conversation. As the party went on and more champagne was consumed and the men got friskier with the three young women. Often a hand would stray and caress the buttocks of the three young women. As one man lifted a glass of champagne to his lips his other hand found its way under Ingrid's skirt and stroked her panty covered pussy. Marie steadied herself by holding on to the arm of a man while he fingered her pussy and another man massaged her ass cheeks. Marie turned to look for Henri but he was occupied. Henri and Vince talked with Danielle as they stroked her ass and her breasts. Danielle smiled at the attention and she caressed the front of Vince's pants and felt for his hard cock. The caressing and fingering continued and the girl's pussies dripped with desire. Marie and Ingrid excused themselves and went into the other room to compose themselves.

Marie told Ingrid that she was so turned on that she had to cum soon or she would go crazy. Ingrid told Marie that she had the same feelings. The two girls decided to get one another off quickly to satisfy their lustful craving. They both removed their panties and tossed them aside. Marie dropped to her knees and lifted up Ingrid's skirt and pressed her mouth to the pussy. She clamped her lips around Ingrid's swollen plum and plunged her tongue into her creamy chamber. Within minutes Ingrid drenched Marie's face with her pussy juice. Marie stood up licking the juices from her face as Ingrid dropped to her knees to pleasure her. 

Ingrid stared at Marie's sweet pussy poised just above her face. It was neatly trimmed with a small strip of curls just above her slit. The moist petals of her pink folds peeked out from the gash down the middle of her swollen mound. She was intoxicated by the strong smell emanating from Marie's sexual plum. Ingrid moved her mouth towards the object of her lust her tongue licked the pink folds and swollen clit. Ingrid pressed her lips to Marie's puffy mound and kissed her pussy her tongue pushed into the juicy opening. Ingrid grasped Marie's ass cheeks and pulled her against her mouth. Marie pressed down on Ingrid's mouth and squirmed against her probing tongue. Marie shivered and shook with the intensity of her orgasm and covered Ingrid's face with her love juices. Ingrid stood and kissed Marie sharing the residual taste of their juices.

Danielle stood in the doorway and smiled at the two lovers. Then she reminded them that there was a party going on and that they had been missed. Ingrid and Marie tidied themselves and returned to the party and drank more champagne with the guests. The champagne took its toll on Marie and Ingrid and they felt very amorous. The fondling and fingering continued and worked the girls into a frenzied state. Danielle had dropped to her knees and sucked on a huge cock. Ingrid and Marie felt hands on their shoulders which pressed them to their knees. They were both presented with impressive cocks to suck on. Danielle and the girls brought each of the men off and swallowed their semen. No sooner had one cum in their mouths than another cock was presented to them. They all sucked off the men and swallowed the seed each time.

Danielle had shed her clothes and she walked over kissed Ingrid and pulled the blouse out of her skirt. She unbuttoned the blouse and let it hang freely on the blonde's body. Then Danielle repeated the same act with Marie. As they kissed each other they shared the residual taste of man cum that still clung to their tongues and lips. Danielle led the two girls to the center of the room, undressed them and arranged them so they could eat each other's pussy. Danielle's face was in Marie's pussy, Marie's face was in Ingrid's pussy and Ingrid was positioned to eat Danielle's pussy.

Everything had moved so quickly and now the tongues and fingers that probed Marie's body filled her with an insatiable desire to do the same to her partner. Marie shoved two fingers into Ingrid's steamy chamber and sucked on her clit. After digging them around inside her, Danielle pulled her juicy fingers from Marie's cunt and rubbed them across her anus. The tip of her middle finger pressed against the tight opening until it wielded to the pressure. Marie followed Danielle's lead and did the same thing to Ingrid who in turn did it to Danielle.

Marie and Ingrid gasped from the invasion of their private areas. The pressure from the fingers was incredible. It felt so good to Marie and Ingrid to have a finger pushed up their ass. Marie couldn't imagine something the size of a man's penis in there as she spread Ingrid's rounded cheeks and stared at the tiny rosebud that had last time swallowed Vince's hard cock. It just didn't seem possible.

Marie tensed when she felt Danielle gently insert a second finger into her ass. Slowly she stretched and adjusted until the pressure turned to pleasure. Marie inserted a second finger into Ingrid emulating everything Danielle did to her. When Ingrid added an extra digit to Danielle's ass it slid in easily and extracted a sensuous moan from the hostess. Lost in a sea of lust, Ingrid didn't consider it at all strange when a hard cock pressed against the lips at the entrance to Danielle's pussy. She swirled her tongue around the swollen knob just before it disappeared between the juicy pink folds.

Only inches in front of her face Ingrid watched the swollen cock slide in and out of Danielle's steamy cunt. The swollen flesh of his manhood glistened with pussy juice. The cock that fucked Danielle's pussy pulled out and pressed against Ingrid's lips. She opened her mouth and felt it slide over her tongue. She licked and swallowed the juices that coated the hard flesh before guiding it back between the open petals at the entrance to Danielle's juicy chamber and watched as it slowly disappeared.

Danielle pounded her two fingers in and out of Marie's ass, going faster and faster and digging them around inside her tight opening. Danielle's other hand frantically rubbed two fingers across Marie's swollen clit and twirled the erect little nub in her fingers. The sensations that flowed through her body were more than Marie could stand and she arched her back and cried out. Danielle clamped her lips around Marie's mound and sucked the flood of cunt juice that poured into her mouth.

Before she could recover her senses, something hard and warm pressed against the opening to Marie's ass. It stretched her tight orifice until the head penetrated her forbidden passage. The pressure was almost unbearable and quickly snapped her back to reality. Marie realized that her ass had just been penetrated by a hard cock. She tried to pull away and she begged the man not to fuck her in the ass. She pleaded with him to stop and take it out as she had never done this before. Her plea was ignored and the hard shaft of flesh pushed deeper into her bowels and caused Marie's entire body to tense. Just when she adjusted to the pressure, the cock in her ass sunk even deeper. This continued until the entire length was buried up her dark tunnel. After several seconds it began to move. Unbeknown to Marie, it was the smallest cock in the room. Ingrid was also experiencing another ass fuck as well.

Slowly and miraculously the unbearable pressure turned into a pleasant and sensual throb for Marie. The hard cocks up the girl's asses moved faster and deeper. Trapped in a stream of passion Ingrid lifted her face and licked Danielle's clit as Marie licked Ingrid's cunt. The tip of Ingrid's tongue touched the hard meat that pounded in and out of Danielle's cunt and the taste of pussy coated her lips and filled her mouth.

Ingrid could see the veins bulging from the swollen flesh that fucked Danielle. She watched the shaft grow thicker and drive deep into her hot chamber. A loud grunt from its owner signaled the first explosion of cum into Danielle's belly. The spewing cock pulled out and slammed back in again and again until it was coated with a thick cream that trickled down into Ingrid's mouth.

Danielle screamed as orgasm after orgasm ripped through her body. The cock that had been fucking Danielle pulled out from her cunt dripping cum and cunt juice across Ingrid's face. Without hesitation Ingrid clamped her mouth over Danielle's quivering plum and sucked the mixture of man cum and female juices from her body.

A second cock quickly slid deep into Danielle's drenched pussy and pumped in and out of her swollen womb until the hard flesh was covered with the juices inside her cunt. Ingrid watched as the long shaft pulled out of Danielle's dripping cunt and pressed against the rubbery opening to her ass. The tight orifice easily swallowed the swollen knob and long shaft until it had disappeared inside her body.

While she was ass fucked, Danielle pumped two fingers in and out of Marie's pussy and sucked on her clit. The cocks up Ingrid's ass and Marie's ass continued to pound their bodies over and over. The girls had lost control, but Ingrid and Marie just wanted more and more. Ingrid felt the jets of warm semen pump into her anal orifice as she watched Danielle's ass get filled with a hot load of cum. Marie clamped her mouth down on Ingrid's clit as her rectum was also filled with hot cum for the first time.

The two girls sat up and planted kisses all over Danielle's body. Ingrid and Marie were out of control and they wanted to do all kinds of nasty and previously forbidden things to Danielle. The girls and Danielle were lifted up and guided over to three men lying on their backs with huge erections pointing skyward. They were lowered onto the men and each pussy was quickly filled with another hard cock. They all began riding the hard cocks. The girls had lost track of Henri and Vince and now they didn't care which cock was in them as long as they were fucked.

As Ingrid rode the hard cock stuffed in her cunt she felt her ass cheeks being spread and another thick shaft pressed its large head against her anus. Before she could react, it had penetrated her and filled her rectum. She looked over at Danielle and Marie and saw the same thing happen to them. This time it was Henri, Marie's boyfriend who took her ass. Then three more cocks were shoved in their faces. Ingrid then realized that another man had joined the party and there were nine cocks in the room. She wondered how many more people might show up before the night was over.

Ingrid, Marie and Danielle opened their mouths and sucked the three meaty cocks between their lips. Ingrid now had her body stuffed full of three cocks at the same time. She tried to focus on the one in her mouth, but the pressure and pounding from the other two fucking her pussy and ass made it hard to concentrate. Marie was struggling with her first triple penetration as well although it was somewhat comforting that it was Henri in her ass. 

Danielle did a better job and as she handled all three cocks and it was obvious that she had done this before. With the pressure of two cocks as they pounded her pussy and ass Ingrid's body jerked and twisted in a powerful orgasm. Moments later the cock up her ass swelled and exploded filling her bowels with hot cum. Another orgasm ripped through Ingrid and sent her head spinning as she gasped for air around the cock that filled her mouth.

Marie was overcome with the debauchery of taking three cocks at the same time. She seemed to keeping cumming forever as she experienced one intense orgasm after another. The three cocks exploded in her and filled her mouth, pussy and rectum to capacity sending her beyond the limits of sensuality and shamelessness. Her lifeless body drained of energy and barely conscious finally flopped down on the body below her. The cocks erupted in Danielle and spilt a flood of hot cum into all her orifices. 

Ingrid was trying to keep her mouth on the spewing cock when the hard meat stuffed up her cunt drove deep into her belly and erupted and filled her steamy pussy full of more thick cream. Her orgasm peaked yet again as her pussy quivered with one spasm after another. Desperate gasps and moans from Danielle and the girls were interspersed with sighs of pleasure as cum dripped from all their orifices.
