 AARON SURPRISES MARTHA

On Friday Chris was going to run errands and be out of the house most of the day. Aaron decided to take advantage of that absence. He arrived early at 8:00 AM and headed straight for Martha's bedroom. He opened the door quietly and was surprised to see her sitting up in bed reading. She looked up from her book and gasped when she saw him in her room.

"My God, you can't do this, not again. You cannot be in my bedroom. Chris is still home."

"He's dead to the world. With all the sex that he had yesterday, you won't see him for another three hours."

She was wearing a velour lounge outfit that looked very sexy on her. Aaron took off his clothes and folded them neatly on the chair and all she could do was watch. She knew that he was not to be denied. He took her hands and lifted her out of bed so that she stood before him.

He began to undress her as she stood still and trembled as her clothing was removed. He first removed her velour top, then her slippers and her pants. She instinctively covered her breasts with her hands. He massaged her neck and shoulders gently as if he was trying to relax her. His hands encircled her waist and he kissed her neck, she felt his erection brush against her bottom. She trembled and goose bumps covered her skin. He hands moved upwards and he cupped her breasts. He fondled them gently and toyed with her erect nipples. She could feel her body heating up and she felt like she was a young woman once again.

He then dropped to his knees behind her and he kneaded her buttocks gently in his hands. Then he lovingly placed kisses on each of the ass cheeks and let his tongue tickle her tailbone. She gasped aloud when the tongue slid over her crack and she knew that he was experienced in sex far beyond his years. He turned her around so that she faced him kneeling in front of her. He touched her all her around her vulva and probed her vagina gently with his fingers.

Her pussy was sopping wet by now and she trembled when he moved in closer to lick her pussy. She groaned and shivered as the tongue danced over her labia and then she almost collapsed when the tongue found her clit. He pushed two fingers into her pussy and quickly located her g-spot. He massaged her g-spot and nibbled on her clit simultaneously. She lost it quickly, grasped his head and held him tightly as her juices poured into his mouth. She almost lost her balance as her orgasm was so intense and she seemed to cum for minutes. Then he stood up and she saw his face coated with her love juice. He kissed her again and she tasted herself as she had the first time they were together.

He guided her over to her bed and had her lie on her back. Martha watched him as he then moved onto the bed with her. He raised himself up and knelt between her legs. His huge cock looked massive as it hovered above her hips. He held his cock and lined up the swollen head with the entrance to her sex. He pushed forward slightly allowing her tight cunt lips to open up for his impressive cock. He was about half way in when he pulled out and then slowly eased back into her causing her to moan in pleasure. 

He would push in a little and then pull out a little slowly working his cock deeper and deeper into her vagina. She liked his approach as it made her feel special that he just didn't thrust into her. Eventually his entire cock was buried in her and she sighed feeling completely full. She wasn't thinking about her son sleeping in the other room at the moment. Even though they had had sex before it was still a strange sensation for her to be this full.

Aaron held himself inside her waiting for Martha to start fucking him. He looked down at her and smiled as he knew he had her and she would be his all day. She was now ready to be fucked and she needed his big dick to slide in and out of her and rub her clit. She began to move and then he fucked her using long slow hard strokes. She locked her legs around his body and pulled him into her. He began to fuck her harder and faster and she felt another orgasm on its way. She was in another world as his impressive organ pounded her pussy.

She was so hot, reflexes squeezed him with her tight pussy. He fucked her through a second orgasm before he filled her pussy with cum. His ejaculation was as intense as her climax as their bodies ground together and they moaned and groaned loudly. She felt the warm liquid fill her womb as he fired round after round into her. She could feel his shaft as it still filled her cunt. He slowly lifted himself off of her body and in so doing his thick dick slipped from her pussy. Martha felt the void in her cunt as his cock left her body and she gasped as the coolness of the air touched her vacant pussy. Just then a voice called out.

"Mother, are you awake. I'm leaving soon," Chris announced.

Aaron rolled off the bed onto the floor alongside the bed so that he could not be seen from the doorway. Martha scurried to put a robe on and greet her son in the kitchen.

"I'm awake, Chris. I'll be right there."

Then she turned to Aaron and warned him, "Don't you dare move."

She left the bedroom and joined her son in the kitchen. They would have breakfast together and the Chris would be off to run his errands. Aaron remained on the floor and chuckled to himself. He really didn't care if Chris caught them having sex. He had already given his blessing to Aaron. It was Martha who would be upset if they were discovered. For Aaron it was a family trifecta, fucking the mother, daughter and son.

After Chris finally left she returned to the bedroom, removed her robe and flopped her naked body down on the bed. Aaron rolled her over on her stomach and looked at the lovely ass and he could not help running his hands over her sweet cheeks. Her ass was so round and so shapely that he felt his loins stir with desire. He got to his knees behind her and kneaded her gorgeous bottom. 

Martha thought back to earlier when he had kissed her buttocks and tongued her between the cheeks. She secretly hoped that he would do that again and she got her wish. He then began to kiss her ass cheeks and run his tongue lightly in the crack of her ass. She wiggled her bottom feeling very wicked as he tongued and kissed her. No one except Aaron had ever done that to her and the feeling was incredibly naughty. She felt that she was the young one and that he was the mature man. 

"Would you like a massage? Remember, I give great massages."

She just nodded her head accepting the offer. He then began to work on her shoulders and neck. She cooed as he massaged her body. He worked his way down from her neck and shoulders to her lower back. He purposely bypassed her buttocks and moved to her calves. He massaged her calves and then moved to her thighs where he spent a long time. She could feel her body heating up again even though she didn't think that she was capable of another orgasm so soon. He then moved his hands to her shapely fleshy ass and molded the soft globes in his hands.

Her ass was so amazing that he felt his loins stir with a renewed desire. He got to his knees behind her and kneaded her gorgeous ass cheeks. He then began to kiss her cheeks and run his tongue lightly in the crack. She wiggled her ass feeling very wicked as he tongued and kissed her. He lifted her by her hips so that her ass was perched in the air. Her head was still on the bed and she turned it to one side and let out a gasp as the tongue licked close to her anus. He ran his tongue from her pussy to her anus causing her to tingle in anticipation of what might be next.

Aaron spread her ass cheeks with his hands and dipped his tongue into the crack locating her nether hole. His tongue slowly circled her anus and she flinched at the contact. He then pushed his tongue as far as he could into her and he found himself overcome with the desire to fuck her up the ass. He continued to tease her with his tongue until she was at his mercy. Surprisingly her desire grew as he worked her ass to the point that she suddenly felt that she wanted something more in there. It was time for his surprise.

He had brought lubricant with him, the kind that Chris used. He probed her anus and thoroughly lube it. Next, he finger-fucked her ass first with his index finger and then he added the middle finger. The next move was to push a butt plug in her bottom. Martha gasped aloud.

"What did you put in me?"

"A butt plug, it will stretch you out before I fuck your ass."

He turned her over and thrust his cock back in her pussy. He could feel the presence of the butt plug through the thin membrane. He fucked her hard and fast and she lost it again and felt that she was faint after another orgasm. He didn't cum as he was saving that for her ass. He pulled out of her pussy and rolled the near lifeless body over on her belly again.

Then he knelt behind her and once again shoved his big dick into her pussy. Martha was relieved when he put his cock in her pussy. She didn't mind being fucked dog style and it gave her clit a rest. Although it seemed bizarre, she found that she liked the butt plug in her ass while his cock was in her pussy. Next, he pulled his cock out of her pussy and the butt plug from her ass. He let the head of his cock rest against her anus.

"You want it in your ass again? I need to fuck your hot ass again."

Aaron spread plenty of lube on his cock making it very slick. Then with one steady motion he pushed his cock into Martha's ass. Even though he had been there before, he still seemed gigantic. She could actually feel her stomach cramping around him as he stirred her insides and it throbbed when her sphincter convulsed around his thickness. Shaking with uncomfortable ecstasy, she fell forward onto her pillow with his hands keeping her ass high in the air for him to plunder. 

She screamed into her pillow as it felt like a hot thick poker had just been rammed into her ass. Tears filled her eyes as her violated rectum once again was spread to accommodate the thick cock. She cried out loud only to have the sound muffled by the pillow as his complete length filled her. She felt him flex his cock deep within her bowels as the searing pain continued. He reached one hand under her and teased a nipple. Then he moved his other hand down and rubbed softly against her clit. Her body responded to his stimulus and her stomach convulsed with mixed signals. 

The intrusion in her ass didn't feel quite as bad now as his fingers continued to tease her clit. She felt him move inside her and she tried to relax. Her body was working back and forth on his cock now and she was amazed at the feeling of the cock in her ass. Her clit was buzzing and the fullness in her bottom just seemed to excite her pussy even more. He started hammering into her ass. His fingers were still busy on her clit but now he had two fingers drilling in her pussy as the others fluttered around her clit. Martha's whole body was aflame as she could feel his fingers pressing against the thin membrane separating her ass from her pussy. She could feel his hard cock sliding in her and the pressure of his fingers on his cock through her thin membrane. Her entire body was fucking back at him of its own accord. She could feel an enormous orgasm building within her and her pussy was swollen to new proportions. Martha thought to herself.

"Oh God, I'm going to cum again, Oh God!"

He continued plowing into her. The hot depths of her ass were so tight around his cock she knew that he was going to cum hard too. He worked his fingers faster inside her as he rammed his cock hard into her ass. She started biting the pillow like a mad woman as his groin made hard contact with her buttocks. She felt her pussy spasm suddenly and then her whole body went rigid. She felt his cock swell in her rectum and then hot spurts of liquid lava hit her deep in her bowels. She screamed into pillow. Both of them shuddered hard as every muscle tensed and then relaxed. She could still feel the cock throbbing and spurting deep within her. Martha felt the cock eventually shrink in her ass and then slowly back out making an audible popping sound. Her ass was still high in the air and her thighs were aching. Aaron lovingly caressed her shapely ass cheeks. 

"Come on, let's go relax in the Jacuzzi."

"I can't move."

He laughed and picked her up in his arms and carried her out to the three-season room. Setting her down, she was barely able to stand as he removed the hot tub cover. He lifted her back up in his arms and placed in her the jacuzzi. He turned on the water and they let it caress their bodies. Several minutes later, Martha located a jet to soothe her anus. It was a wonderful feeling to have the warm water caress her nether hole and douche her bottom. As she relaxed, she knew that she could not possibly have sex again that day. However, that was not Aaron's plan.

AN INSATIABLE FOURSOME

In Paris, Marie and Vince were spending the afternoon and evening with Ingrid and Henri. They had spent the day walking around the city, dining at a café and now they were back in Henri's apartment. It was the first time all four were together since the orgy at Danielle's place. The sat around drinking wine and chatting. The conversation shifted to the orgy the week before and they all agreed they had never expected anything like that. The conversation got them hot and they were ready for more loving.

The four of them wasted no time in getting their clothes off and into the spacious bed. The girls looked at the two erect cocks before them. Vince had an above average cock but was smaller next to Henri's. Marie however noted that Aaron's was still the biggest she ever had. Henri got between Ingrid's legs and Vince got between Marie's legs. Vince slid his cock easily into Marie's sopping wet pussy and the two of them began to rock back and forth. Henri eased his thick cock into Ingrid's tight cunt and worked it slowly until he was balls deep in her pussy. Ingrid loved being so full and she swore that she could feel every ridge and vein on his cock touch her vaginal wall. She gasped as he hit bottom.

Ingrid and Marie were so hot that they both had mild orgasms when the cocks first entered them and rubbed against their clits. Marie was working Vince's cock now and she really knew how to fuck. Marie had her legs wrapped around his torso and she humped her hips at him and kept his cock in constant contact with her clit. Vince could feel the friction of his cock rubbing her clit and the contractions from her pussy.

Ingrid on the other hand had a harder time moving as she was so stuffed with cock. Henri was doing a marvelous job of bringing her from one climax to another as he pounded his cock deep into her pussy. His cock never lost contact with her clit and she got so wet that his cock moved easily now in her soaked pussy. She was grunting and groaning as she seemingly went through multiple orgasms. Her last one was the most intense and it was brought on when Henri fired a barrage of cum into her. She felt the warm liquid flood her innards like many times before. 

Marie and Vince tensed up next to them and he shot his wad into the blonde's cunt as she too experienced yet another orgasm. Marie couldn't wait until she sampled Henri's bigger cock again. The two guys rolled off the girls and lay next to them on the bed. Marie slid down and took Henri's wet soft cock in her mouth and sucked it clean of the male and female juices. Ingrid lay there with her body still quivering from the intense fuck session. Vince smiled down at her and then moved between her legs. Vince began to lick her quim and they all were surprised that he didn't seem to mind that Henri had cum in her pussy.

Henri was soon hard again and Marie mounted his cock emitting a gasp as she slid all the way down on it. She began to move her hips and clench her buttocks as she fucked his big cock. Vince watched her hot ass and then he decided he had to have it again. He grabbed the lube and applied it generously to his cock. He knelt behind Marie and fingered her anus applying lube to it as well. Marie just kept on fucking Henri as she knew what was coming.

"Come on get your cock in there," she yelled back at Vince.

Vince pushed forward and his cock slid right into her ass. Marie was ecstatic with two cocks in her and she thrust her hips wildly fucking both young men. The three of them were humping each other with abandon now. Henri would thrust his hips up driving his cock deep into her pussy as Marie slammed her cunt down on his cock causing Vince's cock to slide almost out of her ass. Then Marie pushed back against Vince and his cock filled her ass as she lifted herself off of Henri's cock. Henri made sure that his cock did not leave Marie's cunt.

"Oh sweet Jesus, I'm cumming, I'm cumming! Please hold me, hold me!" she cried out as her body shook with tremors from the intensity of her orgasm.

Vince shot his load deep into her ass as he shoved his cock in as far as it would go. Marie's sphincter milked the spurting cock as if it had a mind of its own. Henri stiffened below her and flooded her cunt with his spunk. Marie felt his cock throbbing in her pussy as rope after rope of cum bounced off her vaginal walls. She collapsed on top of Henri as he held her tightly to him. He could feel her hard-sharp nipples pressing into his chest. Vince knelt back and caressed the shapely ass. He massaged her ass cheeks and toyed with her nether hole as his cum trickled out it.

"God, I love being fucked like that," she gasped.

Marie then rolled off of Henri and lay on her back with cum oozing from her pussy and anus. Ingrid had fingered herself during the threesome fuck but she had not yet got off. Marie saw the French girl frantically frigging herself so she rolled over and put her mouth on Ingrid's pussy. Marie loved to eat pussy especially Ingrid's and she loved to make Ingrid cum in her mouth. Ingrid welcomed Marie's mouth on her pussy. 

Marie picked up her pace as she licked and sucked the firm swollen clit while her fingers entered her pussy and located and stroked the G-spot. She next shoved a moistened finger into Ingrid's ass. The French girl climaxed as her body bowed up and her pussy slammed against the succulent mouth. Marie sucked her French girlfriend's clit and ran her finger around inside the sweet sex. Marie felt the pussy and anus clamp down on her fingers as Ingrid screamed out her passion. Suddenly Marie felt that familiar gush of juice against her lips and she quickly moved her mouth down a little to let it squirt into her mouth. She popped her finger out of Ingrid's ass causing her to squirt again.

"Oh, yes make me cum. Make me cum. I'm so hot. Please!" 

"Nice show girls," Henri quipped, "I love watching you two make love."

They rested and talked some more about the orgy. It had been wild but not something they would do again. The hot talk had aroused them and they were ready to fuck and suck some more. 

This time they started out in a daisy chain like position where Henri ate Ingrid's pussy as Ingrid sucked Vince's cock. Vince ate Marie's pussy as she sucked Henri's cock. They stayed like this until they were aroused and ready to pair off. Marie wanted Henri to fuck her doggy style so she got on all fours with her head on the bed and her ass pointed in the air. Henri slipped his cock into her hot pussy and began to fuck her from behind.

Ingrid decided that she too wanted to be fucked doggy style, so she and Vince assumed a similar position. The two women were side by side on their knees with their faces turned toward each other on the bed. They reached out and held hands as the two cocks pounded their pussies from behind. They kissed each other and fondled each other's breasts. Vince massaged Ingrid's shapely ass as he fucked her pussy and let his finger trail over her anus tickling it at the same time. 
