 Thank you all for the feedback on the first chapter of my story, I should apologize for the errors that were pointed out. English is not my first language and I tried to correct my errors, still I'm sorry. Please continue to give feedback, and enjoy.

-foxxxydutchie13

*****

The next morning when I woke up, I looked at my daughter's naked body, glued against mine, her perfect boobs, her round ass. I'm such a pervert, a few hours ago I was deep in her tight pussy, deep in her tight ass. I got hard at the thought. I wanted to do it all over again. But I couldn't. I simply couldn't. She's my daughter! I got up struggling with the thoughts in my head and when to the kitchen and made breakfast. 

I made pancakes, just like I used to do when Marie and John where little. I sat down eating. Then Marie got to the kitchen, behind me, quietly, and put her arms around me, resting her hands in my lap.

"Good morning daddy" she said kissing my neck " How are you?" 

"Marie, baby, take your hands off my lap! We shouldn't have done that last night!" 

"Why daddy?" she said almost crying, moving around the table to look at me "Is it because I let you fuck my ass? Because it wasn't first time, daddy you didn't hurt me!"

"Not that Marie! How can't you see that was wrong? Christ, what would your mom say if she found out what we did?" as I expressed genuine concern Marie started laughing, hard like a crazy person.

"That's what you're worried about? What mom would say? Mom would say good for you!" 

"Marie are you crazy? She'd kill me!" 

"Daddy, mom is not a hypocrite! She wouldn't kill you. Trust me." 

"A hypocrite? What the hell Marie? How would she be a hypocrite for not wanting a pervert fucking her daughter?"

"Because she fucked John last year when she went to visit us!" 

"She fucked who?" 

"John, your son, my brother, she fucked him." Marie said those words as if it was normal. And I guess it was, I mean I fucked her last night.

I couldn't look at Marie. I just got up and left. I went for a drive. 

Hellen had sex with John, on the weekend before we got divorced, was that why? We were so happy, did her guilt end our marriage? I had to know, so I called her.

"Hellen?"

"Yes Mike?"

"I need to ask you something."

"Ask."

"Why did you want the divorce?"

" I... I told you... I told you Mike... I... I wasn't feeling happy..."

"You weren't feeling happy?"

"No, Mike." 

"Why are you lying to me?"

"Lying? Lying? I'm... I'm not lying..."

"No? So you didn't have sex with John?"

"What?!?"

"Did you have sex with John?" 

"Mike... Listen... I..."

"You what? You cheated on me with my son! With our son!"

"How did you even found out Mike?" 

"I fucked Marie... yesterday... See? That's how you do it!" 

"I'm sorry, but I couldn't live with the guilt!"

"Fuck your guilt Hellen! I love you, how could you do that to me? Worse, how could you not tell me? Because I wouldn't mind it all that much, I wouldn't leave you."

"Wouldn't you Mike? Really? Because I can't believe that." 

With that she started crying, and I felt sad, and angry, and everything, I just felt everything I was trying not to feel.

"I can't talk to you now, I can't believe you did that to me Elle." 

I hung up, started driving again. I went back home expecting Marie wouldn't be there, I needed to be alone, but I guess that wouldn't happen. John's car was parked outside, he didn't have keys to my house. They were both there. What the hell would I even say? 

As soon as I walked in John started talking.

"Dad listen, I didn't do it on purpose, it just happened, I didn't want to make you and mom get a divorce. Me and Marie... We tried to tell mom she couldn't get divorced, but she just kept crying and saying that you wouldn't want her after what he did."

"I wouldn't just leave your mom, I wouldn't. I would forgive her, but what hurts me is that she didn't tell me, she didn't even tell me. I couldn't care less that she fucked you John, hell she could fuck you everyday, but I wanted to know, not to be kept in the dark. And that's what I can't forgive. To your mom, to you John, or to you Marie. Telling me now? Sure it was better than never knowing, but what you all should have done was tell me before my marriage was destroyed!" 

I left the house again, I couldn't stay there... but as I walked outside I saw Hellen's car coming in my house's direction, she parked the car and came out.

"We need to talk Mike." Her eyes were full of tears, she was shaking, it was killing me to see her like that, I loved her, but I was so mad.

"Talk about what Hellen? What can you possibly tell me that will make this any better?" 

"Can we go inside? I don't want to argue here Mike."

We went inside and Hellen went straight up to my bedroom, it used to be our bedroom. 

"Marie, John get out, I need to talk to your mom." 

After that I went upstairs myself, Hellen was sitting on the edge of the bed, crying.

"What do you want to talk about?"

"Mike don't be like that... Please... I just need to apologize, I really need to apologize. I didn't do it on purpose, it just happened, and it was a stupid mistake. But I thought you would hate me if I told you. I felt like a slut, like a whore, and you didn't deserve a slut or a whore, you deserved better, Mike. That's why I asked you to get divorced."

"Elle, come on! Don't you know me? Do you really think that I wanted anyone else? Yeah I fucked Marie last night but she was the first since the divorce, I couldn't even look at other women properly, I looked at her because she's... you..." 

"Mike I'm sorry" she was crying so much, and I couldn't stand to watch that... it was killing me, so I sat next to her and kissed her.

"Ohh, Elle! God I missed your lips!" and it was true, so I kissed her again, and again. 

"Mike, I need you to..." 

"To do what Elle? I'll do anything for you." And it was true, I loved her in a way that I had never loved anyone before.

"I need you to make love to me Mike, I need to feel your body against mine, I need... you, Mike." 

Her words were like a sweet melody in my ears, I leaned forward and kissed her hard and with passion. 

"Oh Mike!" 

I started to take of her clothes, and there it was, the wonderful body I lusted so much, she looked even better now, I missed it so much, I missed her so much.

"Elle you look amazing, god I missed your body!" with that I leaned and started to kiss her nipples, then I took them in my mouth, one at a time, and started to gently suck them, then I flicked them with my tongue and even nibbled them a bit.

"Mike that's... sooo... good..." 

She pulled my head closer to her boobs, she had very sensible nipples, and I knew that if I worked them well I would make her cum just playing with them.

I continued to suck, lick and bite her nipple, as my hand squeezed and rubbed the other one. Then I switched, I loved her boobs, and then in a loud scream Elle exploded.

"Ahhhhhh... ahhhh... Mike... ahhhhhh... Ohhhh yes... Ohhh Mike... That... felt... so... good..." 

I decided it was time to move on from her nipples, and started to kiss the space between her boobs, then her stomach, and finally the upper part of her vagina, I kissed, licked and gently bite the sides of it, her wetness smelled wonderfully, I couldn't wait to taste it. 

"Mike you're torturing me, please, stop working the side and go in! Eat my pussy Mike, please, I'm so wet! I need it!" 

She didn't need to ask twice, I was happy to burry my face in her sweet cunt, to taste her, to make her explode of pleasure right in my mouth.

I started by licking her hole, it was leaking. She was so wet, it was a beautiful view. She tasted so good, sweet, but salty, I loved the salty taste he had. Then I used my tongue to fuck her, she started to have shivers and I knew what I had to do. I removed my tongue from her hole and licked my way up to her clit, stopping at each lip to suck them and gently bite them, as I got to her clit I pushed to fingers inside her, and started to massage her g-spot, while I licked, sucked and bite her clit, Elle loved when I bite her, she would beg to do it. 

"Ohhhhhhh... Ahhhhhhhhh... Mike keep... biting it... please... and don't.. stop moving your... fingers..." 

She was moving her hips along with the movement of my hands, and used hers to push my head harder on to her clit. I was enjoying her shape, she taste, her smell. She was just perfect to me.

"Aaaaaaah... Mike... Oohhh... Fuuucckkkk... I'm... cumming... I'm... cummiiiing... Ooh teddy bear that's... it... aaaaaaaaaahhhhh!" 

Teddy bear, she called me teddy bear. With that I knew. I had to take my clothes off too, I was still completely dressed, but my cock was eager to get free I was rock hard.

When I got naked and my huge erection was free Elle tried to grab it to give me a blowjob. 

"No Elle, no blowjob, I won't last in you. And I want this to last." 

And I did, I didn't want it to ever end.

"Oh Mike, make love to me, please, I need you" she pulled me kissed me and I slid my hard shaft into her, she was warm, wet, she felt amazingly well. 

"Oh Mike, I had forgot how big you are! It feels sooooo good."

"You feel very very good too Elle." I started kissing her lips, her cheeks, her nose, her neck, she was under me moaning, and slowing moving her hips to match my movement. 

We just did that for a long amount of time, we were making love, not having sex or fucking, just making love. Then Elle had an orgasm, and feeling her cumming around my cock sent me over the edge I exploded inside her.

"My god, Mike! That was amazing." She was so tired she just laid her head in my chest and fell asleep, I leaned back and slept too, not caring about where it would lead us, just wanting to enjoy that moment.