 It was a long drive out to the resort, but it was worth it. As he gets out of the truck, he stretches, and glances at her. Tall and beautiful, with a big, sexy ass just begging to be spanked. Nice to look at that's for sure. Short, reddish hair, and a smile that makes you feel like the only other thing breathing. That is, if you can breathe when she smiles at you. And his. He'd set up for this little vacation spot, rental cabins at an outdoors resort. Hot tub, room service, big soft bed, cozy couch and a fireplace. Also, the nearest neighbor is at least a mile off. He told her to sit tight as he checked them in. She leaned against the truck as he walked inside. He took care of the fees, and came out side, to find some hunky young guy chatting her up. She laughed and pointed to him, and the guy wandered away, a look of disappointment in his eyes.

"Already attracting the locals, my love?" he asked as he smiled and took her in his arms.

"Not my type," she replied, "he's not you."

"Well, that's sweet. Hop back in the truck and we'll head back to the cabin."

The two of them climbed back in the truck and headed down the gravel road to their turn, and then back down a long, wooded drive. When she saw the place, she gasped. It was perfect. Nice and secluded, no cell-phone reception. Just the two of them alone for a weekend. The kind of freedom they needed. He smiled, and parked the car, handing her the key.

"Why don't you go take a look around," he said. As he grabbed their bags, he watched her walk up to the house. The sight of her ass moving in those tight bootcut jeans was a feast for his starving eyes. Her boots clicked on the porch and she stopped, a grin on her face, looking back. "You caught me," he laughed. "Sorry, you just look so damn good, I can't help myself."

She smirked and went inside. He could hear her moving through the small, three room cabin, as he walked in. She was walking out the back, as he threw their bags in the bedroom. She came back inside, and said, "the hot tub is huge! This place is perfect! How much did this cost you?"

"I'm not telling, my love," he replied, "just come kiss me."

She smiled and walked over to him, her hips playing out a symphony for his eyes. 'I'm a lucky man!' he thought. He pulled her into his arms, and kissed her, first just soft and playful on the lips, then their mouths opened, and their tongues entwined. Then he slid his hands down her back and cupped her ass, and playfully bit her lip, then her neck, and her ear, before whispering "I have to have you now."

She shuddered, and his hands were all over her body. Her tight t-shirt was off before she even knew what happened and his lips were trailing down her collar bone to the upper swell of her pert, little breasts. His mouth traced the line of her bra, as his hands moved to unhook it. He pulled it away and his mouth found her nipple, first one, then the other. He flicked his tongue across them, before sucking each into his mouth. He played with them as he undid her belt, nibbling on her sensitive nipples until they stood out, hard. He yanked her tight jeans down, revealing her bare pussy. He smiled.

"No panties today?" he asked. "You dirty little minx."

She just smiled back at him, and then her pants were around her knees and she moaned as his tongue found her wetness. He flicked his tongue across her clit, tasting her, smelling her, loving her with his tongue. He loved nothing more in the world then feeling her writhe on his tongue as he tasted her sweet little cunt. She moaned, and then cried out, already cumming from his expert tongue. She grabbed the back of his head, feeling the stubble there as she pushed his face further between his legs. He loved when she did that and rewarded her by sliding one of his big, thick fingers into her pussy. She screamed, writhing against his face as he used all of his skill to make her cover his face with her cum.

"I want your cock in my mouth," she said.

"Not yet," he replied, "I'm not done with you yet."

"Please," she begged.

"Shut up, and bend over."

"Yes... sir."

So that was how she wanted to play it. He smiled and bent her over the end of the couch. Then he grabbed her ass cheeks and spread them apart, her tight asshole right in front of him. He playfully flicked his tongue across it, and she shivered. Again and again, lightly at first and then more forcefully he licked her asshole and she moaned in ecstasy. He slid a finger, and then another back inside her tight little cunt. He rammed them in and out of her as he licked her asshole, and then pulled one out and slid it into her tight backdoor. With one thick finger in each hole, he watched her squirm as she came again and again. Then he pulled his fingers out, and gave them to her. She took each in her mouth and licked them clean as he watched. then he spread her cheeks again, and began tongue fucking her tight little ass. His tongue was hard as he thrust it up into her asshole, and she loved every minute of it. 

Finally, he couldn't stand it any longer, and he stood. He pulled his shirt off, but didn't even bother with his pants. He needed to be inside her. He unzipped, and pulled his thick, hard cock out. He rubbed the head of it up and down her slit, covering it with her juices. She moaned in anticipation. He put the head inside of her, and then pulled it out. She whimpered.

"Please...," she begged.

"Have you been a good girl?" he asked in a stern voice.

"Yesssss," she moaned, as he slid partly back into her again.

"Yes, what?" he asked.

"Yesssss, I've been gooooooood!" she whined as he pulled out again.

"Yes, SIR, you little whore," he said, as he spanked her ass full force.

"Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I've been good, I'm so sorry."

"You're a lying little whore," he replied. "You need to be punished. Maybe I'll wait to fuck you."

"Nooooooo!" she whined. "Please fuck me, sir! I'll do anything you want me to! I promise, I'll be good!"

He slid his cock back into her. "You better," he replied as he thrust all the way inside.

She came quickly as his thrusts increased in pace. He loved bending her over and fucking her, so he could watch her sexy ass as his thighs slammed against it. He fucked her hard, slapping her ass as his big, fat cock filled her pussy. She screamed out over and over again as he filled her with his cock. He could feel that he was getting close to the end as he slid his thumb into her ass as he fucked her and she pushed back against it. So he pulled out. He turned her around and forced her to her knees. She looked up at him eagerly.

"Suck my cock."

And she did. She slammed her mouth down over his cock, grasping his balls with one hand as she tried to take every inch of his cock down her throat. It felt amazing, as he could feel her lips move up and down the length of his shaft, and her tongue move around the head every time she pulled her mouth away. She pulled back to lick the head of his cock, stroking the fat length with one hand. Then she slid under his cock, sucking his balls into her mouth while she kept stroking his cock.

"Oh, gods, that feels good, my love." he said. "I love when you do that."

Her only response was to moan, which only heightened his pleasure. Soon she wrapped her lips back around his cock, moving her mouth and hand in unison. Twisting her hand as she stroked, moaning, as tingles of pleasure ran to her pussy and made her cum again. He loves when she does that, and its what sends him over the edge.

"Lean back," he said, taking his cock in his own hand. "I'm going to cum."

"Cum for me, stud," she replied, leaning back and rubbing her clit with her hand.

It only took a couple of strokes and his cock was shooting forth cum all over her lips, and down her neck. He stroked a few more times and cum splashed on her tits, before smiling she took his cock in her mouth and sucked it long and hard. He shivered and his legs twitched, like they always did when she did that, a last great moment of ecstasy before it was over. He leaned down and kissed her on her cum-covered lips and they smiled at each other.

"I love you," he said.

"I love you too," she replied.

"Now why don't you get yourself cleaned up, and I'll take you out to dinner."

She stood up with a smile, and sauntered to the bathroom, her ass swaying sexily back and forth. She gave him a grin as she closed the door behind him, and he knew this was going to be a great weekend.

TO BE CONTINUED...