 Written with care for one of MY fans ~~BrettJ

There it was, in the inbox in his E-Mails. Like clockwork, his daily mail from Kris. He was glad his girlfriend and he were on a break. Lately, the letters Kris had been sending had been getting steamy. The last one had threatened to melt his monitor. 

Her newest made that one look tame by comparison.

Brad;

I woke up, read your E-mail and got wet all over again!! I've been such a little slut and I need to be taken in hand! I definitely want to be fucked long and hard by you, to have you as my strong master. My nails would be digging into your back, as orgasm after orgasm washes over me. I want to be used by my man and left limp and exhausted. I am sooo glad you asked about my lingerie. Yes, I do have some sexy black lingerie, including a little teddy with peek-a-boo lace panels on the sides. It comes with a little pair of panties that I would love for you to see. I want you to watch as they get damp, pushing them to the side, so you could bury your fingers inside my tight little hole. Spreading my wetness all over my clit, I would taste myself off your fingers and reach for your hard cock. I'd lick the length like a bad little whore, tasting your precum! I want to suck you, my head bobbing up and down your shaft, feeling you throb in my mouth. Then, push your cock deep inside of me and fuck me hard!! I want to slide my wet little pussy up and down your cock, riding you so hard! I want to cum on your cock and have you cum in me! Lover, I hope this letter was as sexy for you to read as it was for me to write -- I'm still wet and horny!

Your personal slut, Kris

Novelist Brad Connors still found it hard to believe that a woman could write letters this intense. Yet each day for the past 3 months, Kris had written letters as a devoted fan and they had gotten more slavish. She would describe in detail what she wanted from him. As he and Kate were currently living apart, it was sometimes the best part of his day. Without a companion in his life, writing had become a chore, something it had never been in all the years before. Kris' letters had been the spark he needed to renew his inner fires. She was his muse in a way, the way that Kate had been a decade earlier.

It was not Kate's fault that things had soured, not really. He had been a struggling writer / professor when they met and she had been his younger, supportive, college student girlfriend. He was well past the age where most writers made it but Kate believed in him. Over and over, the twenty year old redhead told Brad that he would make it because he had the talent and all he needed to do was keep on plugging. She moved in with him and kept him on track. Whenever he wanted to stop, Kate would push him. She cooked, she cleaned and she helped pay the bills. She supplemented his teaching salary by waitressing part-time and when she graduated, she went to work as a paralegal working towards becoming a full-fledged Corporate Attorney. Over time, she was making enough to insist that Brad stop teaching full time and only teach a semester or two or even guest lecture. She wanted him writing.

So, he wrote and worked, wrote and worked, worked and wrote. Nothing happened. Kate began to become restless. It wasn't happening for him and she was at a loss as to what to do to help him. Her career was going ahead, Brad's was stalling. They had moved in together and she was making all the major bill payments, the car, the house and such. Poor Brad could barely scrape by with enough to pay their grocery bills. He wasn't lazy and it wasn't as if he wasn't trying, Kate had never accused him of that. It was just a source of frustration for the both of them that he wasn't getting the attention he deserved. His manuscripts would come back unread and for a few days after, Brad would be in a funk.

Kate would do everything she could to snap him out of it. She would doll herself up and suggest they go somewhere and have dinner. A few times, she rented them a nice hotel room and she got out her sexiest lingerie. One thing Brad did not lack was a healthy sex drive. Whenever Kate was in the mood, Brad could be persuaded. His younger girlfriend liked to play sexy games and so did he. 

Kate's specialty was her world-class blowjobs. From the very first time the naughty professor had bedded the then-coed Kate, he had marveled at how well she sucked cock. She loved cocks, loved the feeling of them in her mouth and then in her pussy. If she was being daring, she even loved cock in her ass. Kate loved the cock; she worshiped at the altar of cock. Therefore, she wanted the cocks that were going to fuck her to want to be with her. She made sure that they got a lot of attention and sucking. Her mouth was always moist and ready to suck her men. When Brad came along, she thought she had found the perfect man. His cock was the perfect size for all of Kate's lurid desires. The seductive redhead loved Brad's cock and it sure as hell seemed to love her.

Brad prided himself on being a fucking machine. He worked out to stay in shape; he had to with a girlfriend so much younger than he. He also thought it would be a bit incongruous to be an erotic novelist who wasn't worth a damn in bed. All of his kinky ideas were tried out on his younger lover. Kate was nearly a sex addict, so she didn't complain. She just went along for the ride with a happy smile.

When success hit, it couldn't have come at a better time, Brad believed. A small, independent publisher read one of his manuscripts and loved it. They wanted to publish it and told Brad while they couldn't pay him a lot of money, they believed it would hit big. Faerily Bewitched sold over a million copies in two months and was in its fifth printing when Brad got his first big check. His novel was a hit and people were talking about him. He was going to be a star and the "small" publishers were scrambling to keep up with the demand. He polished off one of his previously rejected works and sent it in. It sold a million in the first two weeks. Brad now had the career he had wanted for so long. He wouldn't have to let Kate shoulder the responsibility any longer. Her money could be used for her alone.

Yet, the more money he earned, the less happy Kate seemed to be. She started staying out later with friends. Arguments would begin over the smallest little thing. The once-passionate romance cooled down and there was precious little Brad could do to get it heated up again. Though they were not married, Brad suggested a Marriage Counselor. Kate refused, so Brad went by himself.

"You may not like what I have to tell you," the counselor told Brad.

"What do you have to tell me, Melinda?" 

The attractive young therapist crossed her legs. "I think that for the last number of years, Kate has been used to making most of the financial decisions and she's grown used to it. It was her money and for the most part, she bought what she wanted and you went along with it. Now, you have your own cash and you want input and she doesn't like it," she told Brad.

"Christ, I never thought of that," Brad sighed loudly. "What do I do to fix it?"

"Unless you can go back in time and erase all of your success, there isn't much you can do to fix it," Melinda told her client. "You now make a lot more money than she does, that's the reality. She can either deal with it or she won't. If she doesn't, I don't see much hope for the two of you," Melinda told him.

He didn't know what he was going to do. Brad was down and he needed cheering up. It was a dull Thursday and Kate would be working late. He decided that he would check his E-Mails and see if anyone had sent him a fan letter. Those always cheered him up. He would try to deal with Kate and her issues tomorrow.

There were a few nice letters that said they loved his books, but one caught his eye. It was bright and cheery and it made him smile. "What the hell?" Brad thought to himself -- he answered the letter personally.

To his surprise, the next day he got another letter from the author. Her name was Kris and not only did she seem to know his work, she seemed to know it intimately. She quoted favorite passages and told him how his work "inspired" her. Brad read between the lines and figured out what she meant. He sent her another response.

She sent another and thus, a correspondence began. He knew he likely shouldn't be doing this; he had a relationship with Kate. Yet somehow, he could not stop himself. Kris' words encouraged him, he began to get a nicer creative flow and he had something to look forward to when he wasn't writing. After a while, the conversations were no longer just about writing. They shared their days and their thoughts and anything else that came to mind. One thing that came to light was the fact that Kris was as unhappy in her current situation as Brad was himself. Her boyfriend seemed to harp at her over every little thing. "Leave him," Brad encouraged her. "Don't stay in a relationship where you aren't happy."

Her next E-Mail pointed out a critical flaw in his own logic. "Aren't you being a bit hypocritical?" She asked him. "You aren't happy with Kate and you're staying."

He gritted his teeth as he read her words. She was right, but he felt he owed it to Kate to work on things, even though Kate herself couldn't seem to care. "I've been with Kate a long time," he answered Kris. "I owe her my career and I think it's only fair that I see it through. If she wants to leave me, that's different. I can't stop her."

Kris' next answer was a bit more clinical and it was apparent that he had angered her. He sent her a letter of apology which was dutifully accepted. Over the next number of weeks, their correspondence grew even more frequent, sometimes a few times a day. Kris even began sending him steamy little notes that told him of her fantasies. As Brad didn't see any real harm, he sent some back. It only intensified from there.

Right about that time was when the walls came tumbling, crumbling, crashing down.

Kate wanted out, at least for the time being. She hadn't met anyone else, she stressed that. She simply wasn't happy and she wanted to be on her own for a while. As she hadn't been single since college, she wanted to be able to make all the decisions without the benefit of a significant other's input. In other words, Brad. She wanted to do as she pleased, when she pleased, without having to worry about him or his opinions. Brad didn't try to argue with her. It had been coming for a long time and Melinda had been absolutely right. He insisted that Kate take the house because she had paid most of the bills on it for several years. He now had enough money to afford something nice of his own, although for the time being, he opted to lease a condo. Less work now that he and Kate wouldn't be splitting the chores, he reasoned.

Life now had given him a golden opportunity if he chose to seize it, although he might only be living a pipe dream. He sent Kris a note and suggested they meet. He would fit the bill if she couldn't afford it.

She had never told him what it was she did for a living and he was mildly surprised to find out that Kris was a dentist and she earned very good money. Also, she only lived an hour's drive away. "Are you sure we should be doing this?" She asked him nervously in one E-Mail. Boldly, he sent his cell phone number and she called in minutes.

"Are you worried about your boyfriend?" He said as they talked one-on-one for the very first time. He liked the husky, breathy sound of Kris' voice.

"No, I ended that last month," she told him. "You were right," Kris sighed. "He wasn't ever going to change and I need to be happy. But won't you be cheating on Kate?"

He laughed. In all the excitement, he hadn't told her. "I moved out and into my own place a few days ago. Kate wants to go it alone for a while. I'm not sure if we're done or just separated, but either way, I'm a free agent. What do you say? Want to have a little fun and see where it goes?"

"Let me think on it."

"Don't think too long. If you decide yes, I'd love it if you have some slinky lingerie. Black is my favorite."

"I'll think about it. Goodbye lover, sleep well."

Brad hung up the phone and wondered just how the fuck he was supposed to sleep! She had never called him lover before. About ten minutes later, he got an E-Mail with a picture. It was from the chin down and he knew it was Kris wearing the black lingerie to tease him. Okay, if she wasn't going to fight fair, n either was he. He composed the steamiest scenario he could think of and sent it off. Fighting fire with fire, he decided. He hoped his little composition would serve to lure her here for a visit.

Reading her letter, he supposed that he had received his answer. He sent her instructions on where and when they were supposed to meet. In case of emergencies, he rented a hotel room. She might still be a fraud, although Brad had a good feeling about Kris. It didn't seem likely that a fraud would write him for this long and she hadn't asked for a dime. Just shared conversations and those had been all to his benefit.

The week seemed to slog by at an indeterminable pace and Brad did his best to muddle through. When the agreed-upon Friday arrived, he had everything in place, including a nice wine they could share later and his own sense of style, honed to perfection. He wore a suit with a turtleneck and shined his shoes three times. He was nervous but when Kris showed up, he knew he didn't have to be. She was in a short red skirt, kicky red short PVC boots and a red crop top. Against her tanned skin and dark brown hair, it looked hot. She sat down across from him and put his hand on top of his. "So," Kris said and flashed a dazzling smile. "Here we finally are."

"I was thinking along those same lines," Brad laughed. "Did this week go by as slow for you as it did for me?"

"No, but I had roomfuls of impatient patients," Kris laughed. He didn't doubt it. With a dentist as sexy as Kris, he bet she was the busiest oral surgeon in town. Her smile was a great advertisement for her practice.

"Drink?" He asked and she nodded. The waiter brought over a beautiful bottle of champagne and the couple toasted their first meeting. "I feel like we've known each other for years." They talked a fair bit and he was delighted to find out there were many things about her that he still didn't know. For example, Kris was only 4 years younger than he, not as distant from him as Kate had been. For another, she liked a successful man and loved working in tandem. 

"Isn't that what a partnership is supposed to be?" Kris asked him.

"Yes, I think so, but it was hard for Kate to adjust," Brad answered. "We didn't have balance for a lot of years and I shoulder the blame, I should have worked more and let success come at its own pace."

"Didn't you say it was her idea? Yes, you can both take blame, but ultimately, she made her choices and she has to live with them. Let's order a nice meal and then talk and then ... not talk," she smiled, putting her hand on his. Brad liked the fact that Kris wasn't afraid to speak her mind or be a little bit forward. It would save them a lot of time in the long run.

Their meal was wonderful and Brad wouldn't have settled for less. He asked Kris if she wanted to come back to the hotel room he had rented. The slightly-crooked smile and the sparkle in her green eyes told him the answer to that question. She picked up her suitcase and they walked the short distance to the hotel. Once inside their room, she had her tongue down his throat and she shoved his hands all the way down to her ass. "I've wanted you to touch me for months, you bastard," she hissed through clenched teeth. I have lain awake at nights, thinking of sucking your cock, thinking of all the ways you could fuck me. All of the ways I could fuck you. Tonight, we're going to live out some fantasies and maybe, if we're creative enough, come up with a few new ones."

Brad didn't doubt that for a second. She stepped away from him and with a little shake of her hips; the skirt fell to the floor. Her tiny top soon followed suit. "Keep the boots on," he requested. "I think those are kind of sexy."

"Strip for me," Kris requested. "Normally, I'd undress you, but I'm so damned nervous that I can't stop shaking. I may be bold and adventurous but I ..."

"You don't have to explain," Brad laughed before he removed his jacket and pulled the turtleneck up and over his head. "Women aren't the only ones who get nervous. This is the first time I've been with anyone since ..." He stopped himself. She shouldn't be thinking about her ex and he shouldn't have been thinking about Kate. They needed to live in the here and the now. Brad moved closer to the naked brunette and swooped her up in his arms. "We have as much time as we like," he told Kris. "We big-time authors can afford to rent hotel rooms for as long as we like. All of our conquests try to wear us out, you know," he teased.

"I guess I'll have to be the one to actually succeed," Kris said as he straddled her. She reached for his cock, made her lips go round and slid the shaft into her mouth and began to suck. Brad didn't know what to say but the loud groan he made spoke volumes. She was throating him further than any woman had in the past. He tried to pull away but only succeeded in cumming on her lips and a bit on her face. "Kinky," she chuckled. "But nasty. Don't worry baby, I loved it and there's lots more where that came from, I'm sure. Why don't you show me how good you are at eating pussy?"

Brad did like to eat pussy so he made sure to prove it by working her over. His mouth went all over Kris' warm cunt, sparsely furred and prominent, with delicate pink lips. She had the sweet juices of an angel and he hated to pull away, but he vaguely heard her murmuring something and had to hear what it was.

"I could let you do that all day," Kris said as she tried to breathe again. "I think I talked about having your big cock inside my little pussy and me riding you hard. Don't worry about cumming in me, I took precautions. Just fuck me like I'm your personal slut, your whore and make me feel it. I don't want a wimp in this bed, I need a stallion. Come on Brad; get over here and really FUCK ME!"

Brad knew better than to argue with a lady, so he got in position and let the slinky brunette take her place on top of his shaft. She was everything she had claimed she would be, wild and unrestrained. Her cunt was milking his shaft and he was shaking as she slammed against him with full force. He loved the way the sunshine glinted off her shiny boots; he always liked it when a woman wore heels in bed. Kris had the legs for them too and he wondered what else she had brought along in that suitcase she had been carrying. He knew he would eventually be finding out. Kris wasn't even tired, he could tell and he was glad he went for a bike ride every day to keep from getting "chair butt". Kris was quite easily the type of woman that could wear a man out after one fuck. Her body was thrusting against his own, her nails digging into his flesh as SHE fucked HIM. Brad had never minded letting the woman call the shots and he knew Kris would let him do likewise when it was his turn. He just took his time to touch her, explore the contours of her body and run his fingers through her hair while kissing her passionately. This was what he had been missing for the past several months. The all-consuming passion of a woman who really wants to be with a man, who is in the moment for as long as she needs to be.

Brad let her fuck him until her body arched and her head snapped back. A loud wail emerged from her body and the slender frame shook with joy. "Holy fuck," Kris gasped out loud. "If I'd known my E-Mail lover could fuck like that, I would have dumped the loser boyfriend months ago. That might have been the best fuck of my lifetime, bar none!"
