 I had known Fantasee for many years, in my imagination. I created her when I was twenty-one years old. Beautiful brown skin that felt like silk. Deep brown eyes that kissed your soul. A figure that would make Kim Kardashian jealous. I never thought that one day I would find her. 

My romantic relationships have been dysfunctional to say the least. Being a nice guy certainly had its benefits. There are drawbacks too. I've been hustled, abused physically and emotionally, cheated on, humiliated, disrespected and embarrassed. The one time I tried to be "bad" and cheated on my abusive girlfriend, she beat me and robbed me. Needless to say, I never saw her again.

My fantasy was on the bus. She was taking her three year old daughter, Dana, to school. She stepped to me first.

"Hey....HEY!" she screamed. I looked up from the library's copy of Fifty Shades of Grey. "How you doin'?"

"Good. How are you doing?"

"Whatchu readin'?"

"Fifty Shades of Grey."

"OOOOOOOO...you nasty!" We both laughed. Her daughter stared at us and smiled.

"I'm Sam."

"Fantasee."

"Excuse me?"

"Fantasee Crimson."

"What an interesting name for a beautiful woman," I mused. Her bright smile displayed thirty-two perfect teeth and genuine warmth. Right then, I knew I was in trouble. I had to have her. "Fantasee is an appropriate name for you," I continued.

"Let me guess. Because I am your fantasy made flesh right? You gotta come with something better than that," she teased.

"Actually, that is not what I was thinking. It's appropriate because you are truly the woman of my hopes and dreams." Fantasee's mouth dropped open and she suddenly became shy.

"Very nice, Sam..." she said sheepishly. 

"Shuffield. Sam Shuffield." Fantasee and Dana's stop was soon. 

"Mr. Shuffield, it was nice to meet you. Maybe I'll see you around sometime."

"I would like that. I ride the bus daily. You know where to find me," I offered. I watched as Fantasee and her daughter disembarked the bus and walked down the street.

The next morning, Fantasee was on the bus again. But there was a third member to her party. Her daughter's father (I assumed based on the resemblance) plopped down into the seat next to Fantasee and Dana. Both adults grimaced and said nothing. I waved and Fantasee responded with a swift nod of her head. The beautiful woman from yesterday transformed into a very unhappy mother who could not stand her daughter's father. All three got off the bus in silence and trudged toward Dana's school. 

I was convinced any chance of romance with Fantasee was over. Just seeing her on the bus would have kept me content. But it was three weeks before we saw each other again. On a beautiful summer day, I rode to work, reading as usual. A tap on the shoulder broke my deep concentration. 

"Hey there!" Fantasee looked incredible. She wore a pink Baby Phat tank top with matching shorts, a pink headband and fresh Jordans. "Can I take this seat?" she said, flashing her radiant smile. 

"The pleasure is all mine," was all I could say as I openly gawked at Fantasee. 

"I'll take that as a yes," and she took the seat. Her soft skin gently rubbed against mine as she made herself comfortable in the seat. Victoria's Secret body spray was strong enough to smell, but not overpowering. I finally came to my senses and spoke to my dream woman.

"You look very nice."

"Thank you... Professor," she said and flashed a mischievous grin. 

"How did you know I was a professor?" 

"I googled you. Gotta be careful who you're around these days. Especially if you are interested in going out with them." Huh? Was she flirting with me?

"You're a wise woman. What do you do for a living, Ms. Crimson?"

"I am a TA at Dana's school. She is with her daddy so he will drop her off this morning. In my enchantment with Fantasee, I didn't realize she was by herself.

"That must be convenient," was all I could muster, still in awe of Fantasee's beauty and intelligence. 

"Sam, I am a straight shooter. I think you are a very handsome, intelligent man and would like to get to know you better. Are you going to ask me out or do I need to wear a sign around my neck?" The look in her eyes was serious.

"Fantasee, I would really like to see you when we're not on the bus as well. But I live in Greensboro. Would you be willing to meet me at the college sometime?"

"Now we're talking. How about tonight?"

"OK. 6:00p.m. work for you?"

"I think that definitely works for me. Oh, my stop is coming up." Fantasee leaned across me from her aisle seat to request a stop. In the process, her hair gently grazed my cheek. It was as soft as cotton. She smiled and gently rubbed my thigh before leaving the bus. "See you tonight!" she said while leaving the bus.

At 5:45 p.m., I was eager to see Fantasee. But how would she find me on this large campus? I decided to stand in front of the main academic building. As I exited, Fantasee gracefully climbed the steps.

"Hey! I thought you might get lost."

"Don't doubt the skills, baby!" She glowed. Dressed in a yellow Donna Karan sundress, matching Manolo Blahnik pumps and a yellow headband, she truly was sunshine. The contrast between the yellow and her brown skin seemed to give her an aura as if she were glowing. "So where we goin'?

"Where do you want to go?"

"Let's walk over to Giovanni's on Highway 68."

"Can you walk that far in those pumps?"

"What did I say before? Don't doubt the skills!" She kept her word. Fantasee kept up with my brisk pace and didn't break a sweat in the evening sun.

"I am impressed," I said. We arrived and were seated immediately. The hostess commented that we were a good looking couple.

"Thank you!" Fantasee offered. She grabbed my hand as we followed the hostess to our table. Shock and happiness filled me simultaneously. How could one woman's simple touch almost bring me to my knees? 

We talked non-stop through our meal. We debated politics, shared our religious views, talked about our pasts, and much more. Then the conversation got really interesting.

"So what do you look for in a woman?' Fantasee asked.

"I really like honesty, intelligence, kindness and beauty." I decided to be frank, as she was with me on the bus. "Physically, I like a woman who exercises, takes care of herself and has meat on her bones. Sexually, she must be open minded and have a strong sex drive. For the record, my definition of beauty is a little different. Beauty for me is not just physical, but physical and internal. True beauty is found on the inside and by your behaviors." Fantasee was not annoyed or intimidated by my bluntness. She stared at me with a raised eyebrow and responded. 

"I will answer the same question I asked you. I, too, like honesty and admire intelligence. Physically I like tall, muscular, dark-skinned black men like yourself. A big dick doesn't hurt either. Sexually, I like creativity and peak physical performance. In my opinion, beauty is in the eye of the beholder." She moved her chair over until it was literally touching mine. She looked into my eyes and slid her hand into my lap, and then between my legs. She gently squeezed my erection and smiled. "Sam, I wanna fuck you. Not make love. Fuck. Like animals." She gently stroked me through my pants under the table. "Do you think you can handle me?"

"I certainly would like to give it my best shot." I returned the favor by sliding my hand underneath her sundress and rubbed her thigh until I reached her sex. I used my middle finger to brush her clit and feel the moisture that soaked the front of her thin panties. She closed her eyes and let out a sigh as I circled her clit rhythmically.

"Where do you live in High Point?"

"South Main, near Archdale."

"We are closer to my place from here." 

"And you live on...?"

"West Market Street, not far from College Road."

"I'll call the cab while you pay for dinner." She smiled and walked outside to use the phone. She intentionally rubbed her round behind against my arm as she left the table. I knew I was in love. The cab arrived five minutes later. I tortured myself and kept my hands off Fantasee. But Fantasee happily touched and teased me. She laid her head on my lap and rubbed her cheek against the throbbing bulge.

"Mmmmmm, I feel your heat." My response was a lustful stare. "It seems you have what I need," and lightly ran her teeth against my cock. 

"Be careful. That's a delicate instrument."

"And I will be extremely gentle....for now." We arrived at my place. I was glad I had cleaned up the night before. 

"After you," I said politely. She thanked me and her hips swung back and forth as she walked in. Fantasee looked around the living room and admired the prints by Jean-Michel Basquiat, Romare Bearden and Ernie Barnes. 

"Very nice. Are you a fan of Andy Warhol as well?"

"Not so much. But your breadth of knowledge impresses me."

"I haven't begun to impress you yet." Her eyes blazed with desire. She slipped her arms around my waist, squeezed my behind and firmly pressed her body to mine. "It's time, Mr. Shuffield. Your dream is about to come...true." She and I both smiled at her double entendre. She gently placed her full lips against mine and it was absolute heaven! I savored the feeling and wanted to kiss her for eternity. I caressed her silky skin as she continued to grind against me.

"Sit down. I want to strip for you." She pushed me to sofa. She took off her headband and playfully whipped her head back and forth. While staring directly into my eyes, she lifted the bottom of her sundress and turned around to show off her toned legs and perfect ass. She looked like the inspiration for the term "apple bottom." The yellow thong made her ass look even sexier. She sensually removed the dress and threw it to the floor. With her pumps still on, she turned and faced me as her arms covered her ample breasts. She glided directly in front of me and dramatically stretched her arms out to the side. Her mounds stood gloriously, topped with erect brown nipples. Fantasee looked like a freaky Egyptian Goddess. 

I grabbed Fantasee. Her sex was in perfect alignment with my mouth. I gazed at her with salacious intentions. I rubbed her legs from ankle to hip and lightly massaged her butt and thighs. But I was too excited to be methodical. I pulled her thong to the side and plunged my tongue into her vagina. I worked my way up to her clitoris and made my tongue work in circles, then fast, light strokes. She pushed my head deeper between her legs and put her left leg over my shoulder to allow better access to her love. Spontaneously, Fantasee put her right leg over my other shoulder so that her ass was in the air as I continued to lick her. I grabbed her, supported her back and turned us around so that she was on the couch now. My cunnilingus session was not interrupted once during the transition. 

I worked two fingers into her vagina and moved them slowly in and out. I pushed deeper and massaged her G-spot while I continued to lick and suck her clitoris like it was a lollipop. Her juices flowed down my arm and the contractions in her vagina grew more intense on my fingers. I moved in and out faster and forced my tongue to work as fast as it could. I sucked her clit like a Hoover as I used the tip of my tongue and teased the head. That took Fantasee over the edge. 

"AAAHHH!!" she loudly moaned. Her legs shook and her hips shot up off the couch. I kissed up her stomach and took her chocolate drops into my mouth. I caressed her breasts and hungrily licked the nipples. Fantasee grabbed my face and kissed me hard. PARADISE! She hurriedly unbuttoned my shirt and placed butterfly kisses on my chest. She rubbed and squeezed my nipples with her soft hands. She moved down my stomach, unbuckled my belt and dropped my pants and boxers in one smooth motion.

"You're gonna like this. And by the way, payback is a bitch." Fantasee's eyes lit up with mischief as she gave her beautiful smile. She wrapped her soft lips around my engorged penis. Her tongue swirled around the head while she steadily worked her hands and mouth on my shaft. I felt the pressure of a huge explosion. She must have too because she stopped and allowed me to calm down. "Let's see how you feel on the inside." My dream pushed me on to the couch (again!) and took off her thong. She athletically straddled me with both feet on the couch. She lowered herself down on my pole. GOD! She felt incredible. She worked her hips up and down and leaned down to kiss me passionately. I met her gyrations with my own thrusts and the intensity or our connection increased exponentially. I stood up with Fantasy still on top of me and pressed her back against the nearest wall. We moved together hard, her buttocks bouncing off the wall with each stroke.

"I'm gonna come! Give it to me baby!" she panted. Her arousal turned me on even more. I worked my hips like pistons and felt the increasing tightness of her vagina on my manhood. She exploded once again, creaming all over my cock. I pulled out and Fantasee reached down and stroked me to orgasm. We stood still as she still was holding on to me like a koala holds onto a parent. She laid her head on my shoulder. I carried her to bed.

"I think I could love you, Ms. Crimson."

"One step at a time, Sam. Let's just rest and enjoy each other." We spooned and fell asleep.

When I woke, I found myself alone. Fantasee left a note, and my broken heart. 

"Sam, you are a wonderful man and exceptional lover. I will miss you and always remember our night together. You are very special to me. But I need a fresh start. I am headed to NY."

WTF?!! Fantasee, my dream woman, the "one" is leaving? Why didn't she tell me sooner? Did she think I would run away if I knew? Why did I fall for her so hard, so fast? Nonetheless, I found and made love to my Fantasee. She will always be with me, in my heart.