 Julia and I first met in Cambridge Massachusetts. She was working for a local college and I was at MIT doing research. She had just finished up a divorce so she had been sexually starved for a long time. When we first met, we basically had sex anywhere at any time. At 45 years old she easily had the body of a 20 year old. Late nights waiting for the train we would usually end up moving off into the shadows and I would eventually have her pressed up over the railing, hands held behind her, giving her the most fantastic rear vaginal intercourse imaginable. The oncoming lights of the train always caught us like deer in the headlights as we composed ourselves.

As out sexual intimacy grew, we had naturally talked about her desire to have sex with another man - preferably with me present. But she had always been just too shy and self conscious to approach anyone on her own. I have always fantasized about another man making love to her as I had experienced with just about every woman I had ever been with. I would absolutely love watching that! She had her eye on a few of our common friends, including a tall dark haired student Erik but we never acted on it. I think he honestly aroused her - I've caught her watching him many times, her eyes scanning up and down his body. Erik was a student where Julia worked, but was a senior, so we believe it would be fine as long as we arranged something after his graduation. Julia had never been with someone as young as a 22 year old guy before but was thrilled about the possibility. I assured that the combination of his youth and her excitement would be just what she had always imagined. With my help, she was now totally convinced.

She and I had always liked a little light bondage and sometimes blindfolds in our sexual fun. One of our favorite sexual play times is for me to tie her down on her back, blindfold her, and just enjoy her body in any way I wanted for as long as I wanted. I absolutely love it. Julia would get so turned on and aroused that she would just about faint -- then I would really start enjoying myself! Our favorite place was on a blanket, in the sun, in the backyard, in a very secluded spot. A pair of tent pegs in the ground at the edge of the blanket always provided a secure way to tie out her wrists. Her orgasms always seem to be intensified by the fact that her hands were tied.

A few months ago, after a lot of planning, we had a spectacular experience. Our fantasy had finally come true. One afternoon while sunbathing as we normally do I totally undressed Julia, tied her wrists and blindfolded her, and then had arranged to sneak in none other than Erik to take my place! He had parked his car down the street as I had instructed and waited around the side of the house for my signal. The fun part was that Erik thought she didn't know the switch took place - but the secret was she did know and was very excited about finally being with him and having this experience! She was finally able to just lay back, relax, and enjoy everything as if it were me. He had her on that blanket for over an hour, they did everything imaginable, and she didn't resist at all and she let him do EVERYTHING!

I had coached Erik earlier about the physical and sexual contact that she really liked, body rubbing, breast stimulation, oral stimulation, intercourse, and even soft intercourse with her mouth. Although, no kissing on the lips - that would "give it away". Kneeling in the grass, I watched the whole thing from just a few feet away -- it was completely unbelievable. While waiting for my signal he obviously watched me undress her and was already aroused. I did it slowly, kissing her here and there and licking her pussy briefly. After my signal he quietly walks over and undresses slowly while staring down on her. (it was scary how aroused he was, completely straight out erect, and how completely naked Julia was her pussy already gleaming in the sun) His body was that of a strong young college student, muscular, a hairless chest, and very large cock with a full thick patch of pubic hair. He then immediately lays down between her legs and starts softly kissing her feet, legs, knees, thighs and works his way up to her pussy while positioning his hands under and around her thighs and starts rubbing her nipples. Neither of them realized that I had trimmed her dark pubic hair days earlier, not completely but short, so he could find anything he pleased quickly and easily. Straining at the tent pegs she resisted at first, for maybe 10 seconds, but then just opened up and allowed herself to totally enjoyed it.

He started with tongue intercourse -- something I told him really relaxes her. As his tongue slid in and out of her I could see Julia relaxing more and more. Watching her gently part her legs further for him, and rolling her hips giving him a more direct angle, gave me a tinge of jealousy. She was obviously enjoying it so far and knew exactly what she was doing. It wasn't long before her stomach and breasts began to swell, quivered, and pulsed to the beat of his tongue. Moment later she had her first hard orgasm. She suddenly pulled at the wrist ties hard, squeaked loudly, and clamped his head between her thighs. His head softly rocked up and down so I knew he had her clitoris right where he wanted. She came intensely and gently moaned "stop". He did so, and swung around and gently started thrusting into her mouth for several minutes. She moaned again, but arched her neck back to accept him better. At times her mouth and face was completely buried in his thick pubic hair face. He was amazingly gentle and she moaned softly with nearly every thrust. 

He quickly turned around again and easily slid his wet cock into her pussy. He manipulated her like an expert. She squeaked loudly so I knew he was fully inside her. Even as a younger guy - he looked like an expert at kissing her neck and breasts while having intercourse with her. Watching his strong stiff body suspended above with his thrusting almost mechanical hips was a complete turn on. Her body rocked silently to the rhythm of his thrusts, her breasts gently bouncing up and down as his tongue went from nipple to nipple. She lay there, mouth wide open, in a completely blissful and satisfied state. His thrusts slowed as she came again -- but after a short wait allowing her to relax, he soon went right back to his thrusting. After another ten minutes of intercourse, he withdrew quickly, and laid his cock between her breasts - his orgasm leaving a huge pool running all over her breasts and down her neck. She laid there soaking wet as his tongue went back down to her pussy. For the next half an hour she had so many orgasms and did so much screaming it was fantastic. When it was over, she lay there exhausted and he quietly left.

As he quickly dressed he paused, looking down at her exhausted, sweat soaked body, body. She was motionless, arms still tied out and her thighs still partially open exposed her reddened and wonderfully shiny pussy. He smiled and then walked away.