 When Ritu got out of the shower, she saw that Rahul had already gone down to greet the guests. She walked over to her dressed and found a small box with a note saying "wear this tonight with your Saree." Ritu opened the box was inside was a pair of black lace bra and panties. She felt the material and it had the freshness and softness of a brand new pair. She lifted it up and found a surprise. Both cups of the bra as well of the crotch of the panties had slits down right through the middle. The material was kept together by and small string tied in a bow in all thee places. Ritu just blinked for a second and then smiled very mischievously.

She toweled herself dry, rolled on her deodorant and sprayed her favorite body spray on her. Rose with a touch of Jasmine; Rahul always enjoyed it whenever they were intimate. She then picked up the bra and examined it again. The slits looked provocative and she noticed that the sting was undoable allowing the slits to completely open. Ritu started getting all sorts of naughty thought and had to shake her head to bring her back to her senses. She was expected down soon and she had to get ready. She wore the bra first and then slipped on her panties. When she bent down to wear her Petticoat (skirt worn inside the Saree) she felt her pussy lips pushing against the slit trying to slip out. Not the most comfortable feeling, but certainly an erotic factor. 

Ritu wore a very exquisite chiffon Saree with gold embroideries and a red trim. She tied it low below the navel, just above the hip accentuating her almost flat tummy. The material was very sheer and when she draped the long end over her body, it did nothing to hide her belly and prominent navel. The accompanying sleeveless blouse was made of silk with a deep and board back and a V-neck pattern. She could feel her nipples pushing through the slit and occasionally peeking out as she wore the blouse. The ample bra covered bosoms was confined by thee hooks that kept the blouse from opening up. The Saree drape again did nothing to hide the cleavage that was bulging out of the blouse. She could feel her nipple brushing against the lips blouse and getting hard frequently. This was going to be a very interesting night Ritu thought to herself.

Next came the jewelry and she wanted it to be extra special. She started with items she knew would get Rahul's attention. First she wore her payal (anklets), then the thin gold waist chat with the pendant resting right below the navel. She wore her wedding chain or Mangal Sutra which is the mark of every Indian married woman. She put on her wedding rings on her henna covered hands, and complimented them with her toe ring on her henna covered feet. She wore matching earrings and put the finishing touches on her outfit by putting on a small decorative Bindi (forehead décor) on her forehead, followed by the Teeka (hair pendant) that hung just below her hair line above her Bindi.

She looked in the mirror and admired herself for a second. She had a sly smile on her face because she knew that Rahul was going to be floored. He always commented on her beauty and she knew that he loved her with all his heart. She wanted to see the look of awe on his face when she he saw him and experience the feeling of love, satisfaction and desire wash over her. She wanted to see his expression when she told him that she was wearing his favorite pair or bra and panties he had selected for her and knowing that in such a formal occasion he would be powerless to give into his lust, she wanted to see his agony.

But Ritu knew that she too would pay the price for his because know what lay ahead after the function was already causing her heart to flutter. Thinking about Rahul's prowess and sexual energy, which she had experienced many times, was causing her body to respond and awaken her own sexual desires. Forcing herself to calm down, she took deep breaths and walked out of the bedroom.

Ritu walked down the stairs and into the hall leading to the living room. Rahul was busy entertaining for of the early arrivals. He turned his head and almost bumped into the server when his eyes found Ritu. He gave a brad grin and winked her at approvingly. He mouthed the words "love you" and as Ritu smilingly went on her way, Rahul just gave a deep sigh counting the hours till he would enjoy his just rewards.

This was a very festive night in the household as Rahul and Ritu were hosting Rahul's brothers' reception. The wedding had taken place three days ago, and while the reception was going to be in a banquet hall of a luxury hotel, a number of the family had gathered at their place before heading out together. While segregation was never an issue, the older generation always preferred to stay within the sexes. So while Rahul was busy entertaining the uncles, and the grand parents, Ritu was busy taking care of the ladies' needs. Also the women who needed to make last minute adjustments to their wardrobe or makeup, all wanted Ritu's opinion. She was somewhat of an expert in this area and was well accepted and respected ad the best looking and best dressed woman of the family.

Ritu's cell phone buzzed and she picked it up to see a text message from Rahul. Smiling she checked it and it said "U LK SXY". She felt her face flush. While she and Rahul weren't newly weds, the wedding atmosphere had caused her to reminisce a lot about her own wedding three years ago. 

At around eight O'clock, everyone started to get ready to leave when Ritu's phone buzzed again. Rahul had sent another message "I WNT U." This time Ritu felt a shiver run through her. She had been right, Rahul was counting the minutes to tonight and he wasn't going to make the wait easy for her either.

The bride and groom were staying in the honeymoon suite of the same hotel. Rahul and Ritu along with the rest of the family and guests arrived at the hall, and the couple went up to the honeymoon suite to help the bride and groom come down. Rahul immediately started back slapping his brother in a "well done" fashion while teasing his new sister-in- law. Ritu in typical sisterly fashion chided the two men.

"Don't tease her, you men. This is her special time." Ritu admonished. But part of her was thinking how the bride and groom must have made love the past three nights. Just the thought of it brought back vivid and graphic memories of her wedding night. The rush with which her body responded to the sexual scenes in her mind surprised even her and she excused herself to go to the bathroom.

She was not surprised to see a pair of very sexy and very revealing lingerie hanging on the bathroom. Pink was a very good color for the bride as it complimented her fair skin and the pink lace thong panties were exquisite. Her curiosity got the best of her so she looked closer and smiled to find the crotch smeared with dried pussy juices. Ritu was getting wetter thinking about their sex-filled night. Wanting to regain composure, she wet a towel with cold water and gently patted her neck to cool herself down.

When she came out Ritu saw the guys chatting in the couch and the bride was looking at her. Ritu looked at her, gestured at the bathroom, and smiled, caused the bride to turn a bright crimson red.

"Did you have fun?" Ritu whispered walking over to her. "C'mon we're sisters now, you can tell me."

"Yes I did." She smiled back. "He's very good" she continued blushing even more.

Ritu was getting horny hearing this, and felt her pussy moisten. Imagining the bride and groom in the throes of their passion in the bed she was sitting on was an erotic thought.

"Any juicy details?" She inquired.

"Well" was a very hesitant reply. After a moments silence she said "he's got a very talented mouth" and turned away.

"Just like his brother" Thought Ritu. She looked at her husband and who looked back at her and winked. She smiled and felt her pussy moisten even more.

When the bride was ready, the foursome walked into the banquet hall to applause as Rahul and Ritu escorted the newlyweds to the stage. The reception was a grand affair with guests from all over. After the ceremonial festivities, dinner was served and Rahul and Ritu sat next to the bride and groom in their pace of honor at the head table. 

Once the diner had been served Rahul's lust went into overdrive. First he moved his hand behind Ritu's back running his finger across it and then trailed his fingers up and down her exposed spine. Ritu sucked in air a she felt Rahul's hot touch yet teasing touch.

"Please stop it honey, not here" Ritu whispered.

Rahul smiled and moved his hand back. Ritu relaxed a little thanking her starts that her husband complied. She was busy enjoy her meal when she suddenly jumped a little in her seat. The people closest to her turned their head but Ritu composed herself and smiled everyone away. Unbeknownst to everyone else, using a guise of picking up the spoon, Rahul had slipped under the table and slipped his hand under her Saree and caressed her leg starting his wife.

Ritu composed herself again but didn't say anything. Rahul behaved himself through the rest of the dinner and when dessert was served he took a small spoonful and slowly fed his wife the first bite. Ritu loved his sweetness and took the bite in her mouth. Then to tease Rahul, she extended her tongue and licked her lips making Rahul's eyes go wide.

Seeing that everyone was still busy, he winked at Ritu and before she could react, he was under the table again. Trying to maintain composure, Ritu could feel Rahul's hand snake up her leg under the Saree and gently start to caress her inner thighs. She felt his hand getting closer and closer to her crotch so involuntarily she parted her legs wider. Rahul got the message and rubbed his fingers on the crevice of her groin and on the elastic of her panties. Ritu parted her legs wider hoping for his finger on her now wet pussy, but Rahul removed his hand and was back up.

She looked at him with a mixture of excitement, disappointment and inquisitiveness. Rahul just replied "tonight."

Not wanting to be left behind, Ritu placed her hand on his crotch and felt it semi hard and started give it short squeezes under the table. She could feel Rahul start to lose control now and get hard. His cock was not forming a tent in his pants and as he closed his eyes in enjoyment, she removed her hand.

When Rahul looked at her, she simply winked at him and said "tonight."

After dinner, the dance floor was inaugurated by the first dance between the bride and groom. Rahul and Ritu followed with and performed an exquisite slow dance number. Rahul was very well trained in ballroom dancing and Ritu has been an eager student after marriage. After a number by the Brides bother and his wife, the floor was opened to everyone and the next few hours were a mixture of dancing and drinking. 

Ritu and Rahul used the opportunity to get tease each other even more. More than often, Rahul placed his hands on his wife's ass and squeezed them over and over again. Ritu would feel his cock over his trousers and at one moment they took a small detour into a corridor and started making out.

Both were dying to give into their lust, but being a host had its responsibilities. Rahul kissed his wife passionate smearing her lipstick. He kissed her neck urgently as she hugged him. However, their stolen moments were interrupted by sounds of footsteps, so Ritu broke their embraced and ran into the ladies room to fix herself again. Rahul just sighed in exasperation and went to the bar to get a very cold drink. They stole moments again a few times but that only accomplished in increasing their desires.

Finally, the night came to an end. After the guests departed, Rahul took take of the hotel paperwork, and he and Ritu escorted they honeymoon couple to their suite again. The experienced couple simply winked at their counterparts before saying "Have a good time" on their way out.

Ritu and Rahul looked at each other and almost sprinted to their car. Rahul drove back home breaking all the speeding laws while Ritu continuously rubbed his thigh. Both new it wasn't a great idea and wasn't the safest thing to do, but their minds had shut down a long time ago. They were going on pure lust and passion now. 

Rahul screeched into his drive way, and both ran into the house. Rahul shut the door and pinned his wife on it as he started kissing her, finally giving into his lust. They kissed right there for a long time and then Ritu broke apart.

"We've waited so long, let's make this night extra special." She looked at him and continued. "Why don't you freshen up here, give me a few minutes and then come up."

Rahul was silent for a second and the look in Ritu's eyes told him that if we agreed, he wouldn't regret it one bit. "Okay" he said and kissed his wife one more time.

Ritu went up to the bedroom and closed the door. She lit the bedroom with candles around the room and gently played a soft CD. She freshened herself, and sprayed a light helping of jasmine body spray to compliment the flowers she was wearing in her hair. She looked in the mirror to make sure her Saree and her jewelry still looked perfect. The short encounters of the night had repeatedly made her go to the bathrooms and adjust herself. She turned on the window mounted air-condition to keep the room cool during the night. Imitating her own wedding night and how the bride would now be sitting in her bridal suite, Ritu sat on the neatly made bed, eyes downcast; her back to the bedroom door. She pulled her up legs and draped her henna covered arms around them. She was ready to re-live her wedding night. Her mind was ready, her body was ready and her soul was ready. The only difference was that this time she was going to be a VERY active participant and was going to give Rahul a night he wasn't going to forget any time soon

When Rahul walked in he saw his beautiful wife's back towards him. He quietly locked the room for a moment just stood there admitting his wife's profile. He took a few steps towards her and whispered.

"Ritu, come to me," and stretched out his arms. 

Ritu slowly turned around and looked at him, shivers going though her body at the sound of his voice and her heart hammering against her ribcage. Ritu got up and slowly walked towards him, her lags shaking with excitement. Playing the part of the bride, she stopped a couple of feet away from him looking at the floor.

The smell of jasmine had greeted Rahul. Although Rahul much preferred her natural scent to any perfume, he appreciated her effort to make herself desirable to him. He put a finger under Ritu's chin and gently raised her face. Her large, liquid eyes met his and he saw a deep lust in her eyes. He had never before seen her so excited. He was rather surprised but he guessed that being at the wedding the entire evening and their teases had left both of them extremely wanting. Ritu's excitement was igniting his own passion and Rahul also started getting breathless and felt his cock harden and swell. He gently caressed her face with his fingertips, allowing them to drag across her smooth forehead, soft cheeks, and moist, half open lips. Ritu gently held his finger between her teeth as it slipped inside her lips. 

Rahul closed the distance between this and places his lips on hers. Tenderly for a second and then as if there was an explosion in both of them, Ritu and Rahul wrapped their arms around them and kisses with the animal passion that had been fighting to get out all through the evening. Their lips crushed each other and their tongues feeling their hot mouths. 

Ritu slipped her hand through his head and pulled him in closer. Her urgency was very evident. She sucked on his tongue and his lips. She could feet Rahul's hot hand rubbing against her lower back. She loved the fact that he wanted her just as much as she did. 

Rahul broke the kiss and kissed Ritu's exposed neck. This was Ritu's biggest weakness and it always make her knees go week.

"Ohhhh Rahul!" Ritu had started moaning under her breath and hugged him even tighter. 

Rahul felt his wife trembling and he picked her up in his arms. She held on to him around his neck as he carried her to the bed. He placed her gently on the mattress just the way she was seated when he entered the room and sat facing her. Ritu looked at him as Rahul slowly picked up her right foot and kissed the top. He kissed again this time right where her anklet was dangling. He kissed his way down her foot and gently kissed her big toe. 

Their eyes met and he saw Ritu's looking at him unblinkingly. Without breaking eye contact, he kissed her toes one at a time. He moved his lips over her middle toe and slowly took it in his mouth and slowly to roll his tongue around it as he sucked it.

Ritu could feel his tongue working magic as her body was starting to get hotter. Despite the Ac being on, she started to feel beads of perspiration form on her chest. She could feel his toe sucking send electrifying impulses to her pussy. Her nipples were getting harder and had slipped out through the lips and were pushing against the silk blouse. The pussy juices had already soaked her panties this evening and her puffed and sex-craving pussy lips were pushing out of the slit.

Rahul sucked on her toes for a while and enjoyed watching his sexy wide squirm with desire. He slowly, very deliberately took the toe from his mouth, giving it one last lick before kissing up the foot again. This time he didn't stop at the Anklet but ever so slowly raised the Saree up exploring her leg inch by inch. Rahul continued kissing Ritu's exposed flesh as he slowly bared her leg. He stopped at her knees and then slowly moved to the other leg. He kissed down the leg and licked around the anklet. Again not breaking eye contact, he kissed her toes and again sucked on the middle toe.

Even though Ritu was expecting this, as her toe entered his mouth, her pussy started to throb and she started to contracts her pussy involuntarily feeling her juices seep out.

"Oh Rahul, please it's too much!" Ritu began to please. "Don't tease me anymore."

Heeding his wife's needs he slowly slid up her body to her face and kissed her passionately. He could sense the fire in his wife that he had been waiting for but was going to ensure that this was going to be a night she wasn't going to forget either.

He slipped her Saree's long drape off her and kissed her shoulder. Rahul slowly moved to her back and kissed her exposed back. He licked a trail on her spine from her neck to the blouse trap in the middle of the back. Ritu moaned even louder this time. Rahul kissed her neck again, more passionate this time, his lips sucking on the nape and pilling her skin as he pilled his lips back.

"Ohhh God, I love it when you do that." Ritu sighed.

Reach from behind her, Rahul slowly cupped her bra covered breast and he continued to shower her neck with kisses. The combination of gentle caresses on her breasts and the passionate kisses on her neck had started to make her pussy drip her juices. The clit in her panties was doing nothing to absorb her wetness and she could feel the liquid starting to drip. She cross her legs and squeeze your pussy with her thighs, squeeze more and more juice out.

With expert fingers Rahul unhooked the blouse and gently pulled it back and down her sleeves. Discarding the item, he was please to see Ritu's nipples poking out of the bra slits just as he had hoped they would when he bought them. The nipples were darker than normal indicating Ritu's arousal. Rahul good feel his body get hotter as the sight and he made Ritu lay on her back as he slid over her. He kissed her chest and her cleavage tasting her beads of sweat and getting more aroused by her heat.

Moving further down, he saw the poking nipple hard and aching for satisfaction. Rahul lick the nipple gently, flicking the nipple back and forth. Ritu couldn't take it anymore, and pulled his head into her chest. Rahul, Sucked on the bra covered breasts with a vigor that surprised both of them. He used his teeth to undo the bow allowed the whole breasts to slip out of the bra cup. He cupped the breasts with his hand and sucked on the nipple, rolling his tongue over it. His other hand undid the bow of the other cup and started caressing the breasts as his mouth continued ravaging this one. He let the nipple out of his mouth and sucked on the breasts just below the nipple. Using his lips he sucked the flesh and gently bit on it causing a mixture of pain and pleasure to his beloved bride. Ritu was running her fingers though his hair and squirming under his weight. 
