 You've been texting me all day. A few hours ago, at your last break I told you I was at a nightclub near you. Now you've finished work the idea of joining me crosses your mind. You reckon last entry must be around 1am and that gives you just enough time to get home, showered and changed. Of course you don't tell me this when you text me, just that you've finished work and you're headed home. 

It takes me a while to reply, by which time you're showered and changed and wondering if maybe I've hooked up with someone and gone home, or even just gotten bored and gone home. My reply when it comes is simple enough, "main room rubbish, cheese room rubbish, dancing away in the back room, air con broken but music's awesome."

You send a generic reply saying that you're glad I'm enjoying myself but that you have an early start and I send back almost immediately "sweet dreams my dirty lil fb." You smile thinking I clearly have no idea what you mean by early start, and set off for town. 

By the time you arrive it's almost 1am and the doorman

make a big deal of checking your ID and making sure you're not drunk. It's frustrating but you bite your tongue, thinking of how you're going to surprise me. 

Eventually they let you through and you climb the stairs. 

The club is busy and you figure the room at the top of the stairs must be the main room. They're playing a strange mix of chart hits, oldies and random rock and you move to the window, scanning the room just checking that I'm not there. Most of the people seem to be men and you can't see me but you linger a bit longer just to make sure, kicking yourself for not asking what I was wearing when you had the chance. Your signal in the club is pretty poor. 

Finally after about 15 minutes you decide I'm not here, you walk back to the stairs and through the doorway to what appears to be a quieter room, there's people sitting on the sofas and a doorway to the right leading to the toilets. You quickly establish I'm not there and decide to move on through the doorway at the end of the corridor. 

As soon as you step into the room you realise this must be the cheese room. There seems to be several hen parties of various ages and at the far end a line of queuing people. You're unsure what they're queuing for until you realise that door leads outside and probably to the smoking area. You consider joining the queue to see if I'm outside but realise that will take away the element of surprise so instead you lean against the bar, ordering a coke when the barman approaches you, again scanning the room for me. 

You see a girl in a blue dress who looks like me from the back, but once she turns you realise you were mistaken. Again you scan the room an the queue, the smoking area looks like its one in one out and you can't imagine I'd have taken 20 minutes for a cigarette, instead you start looking around for the other room I told you about. 

You look around and can't see anything so you figure it must be leading off one of the other rooms. You go back to investigate but find only doors marked 'staff only' and so you return to the cheese room. This isn't going as you planned.

You look around again but can only see the door to the smoking area. You're ready to give up when you see a girl walk past the bar and through a little door marked 'exit'. She doesn't look like staff so you push your way around the bar and through the little doorway. The heat hits you as you cross the threshold and you know you're in the right place. 

The room seems empty if you ignore the dance floor. There's no bar in here and no one standing around the edges. There are, however, a good hundred people dancing in front of you. 

You look through the crowd and still you don't see me. But where else can I be? Feeling a bit stupid you walk around the edge of the crowd towards the tatty seats at the edge and you sit down. That's when you spot me. 

I'm leaning against a pillar, eyes closed, hands in the air, wearing a short, tight, black dress and very high heels with what you presume to be hold ups since you know I don't wear tights. The dress rides up slightly as I dance and you catch a glimpse of bare leg above the lacy tops. You guessed right. You're wondering whether to come over to me when you see a guy dance over close and say something in my ear. You see me open my eyes and hold up my hand. The guy smiles and backs away and you wonder what I said to him but already I'm dancing by myself again, eyes closed, lost in the music. 

You watch for a little while longer, seeing the same routine repeated a few times before pushing your way up behind me and placing your hands on my hips, saying in my ear "wanna dance?"

I turn slightly, holding up my hand and with my eyes still closed say "sorry babe, my husband doesn't like me dancing with randoms." I move away from you and you notice I'm wearing a ring on my left hand. I'm still dancing so you move closer and wrap your arms around me, saying "you don't have a husband!" and kissing the back of my neck. I open my eyes in shock and try to turn around but you won't allow it, pulling my hips back to yours and resting your head against my neck. I struggle to pull away taking your hands in mine to pull them off me and turning my head to look at you. You hear me breathe "oh" and relax back against you, my hands no longer pulling at yours, instead reaching up and behind my head to link loosely behind your neck. 

Your hands are still on my hips and you feel me start to move again, rubbing myself against you in time with the music. You move your hands up to my waist and I drop mine, turning in your arms to kiss you, grabbing your arse and moving so one of your legs is between mine. I link my arms behind your head again and start to rub myself against your leg. You wonder what I'm doing for a moment then catch a glimpse of my face and it clicks. You bend your legs slightly and press me harder against you as I rub myself against your leg. You feel yourself getting hard and thank god you wore jeans an it's dark. 

You feel my hands slip under your t-shirt and inside your jeans, gripping your arse and pulling you closer so I'm rubbing my clit on your leg but also rubbing myself against your cock each time I move. I haven't cut my nails and they dig in slightly as you can see me getting closer to orgasm. 

You grab my wrists and pull them out of your trousers, "naughty" you say in my ear and I run my hand over the front of your trousers before turning and dancing in front of you, my back to you. 

You grab my hips and pull me back hard to you so I can feel how hard you are against my arse. "Your fault," you say next to my ear and I just grin, rubbing myself against you, making you even harder. 

You want to lift my skirt and fuck me against the pillar right now but you haven't been drinking and don't really fancy anyone from work hearing about it so you content yourself with grabbing my hand and pulling me towards the entrance. 

"Hey!" I protest, "I was dancing there!"

"Tough!" you say, leading me down the stairs, "Where's your car?"

I pout and look a bit grumpy before breaking into a grin and walking off, you're surprised at how fast I can walk in these heels given that I'm not a 'girly' girl and start to catch up before realising that each step raises my skirt by a tiny amount each time. 

You fall back, content to watch, until the skirt rides up enough that you can see the skin of my legs showing above my hold-ups and realise that yet again I'm not wearing underwear. 

You stride forward and grab me round the waist, knocking me off balance so I grab your shoulders and you push me back against the wall, my legs spreading automatically and wrapping round your legs so I don't fall. 

You stumble slightly before getting your balance and kissing me roughly, pushing your hips into mine so I can feel how hard you are. "Tease!" you say accusingly, but I just grin and catch your lower lip between my teeth and suck. 

You step away abruptly so I have to catch myself to stop from falling and you grab my hand. "Where the fuck is your car?" you growl. 

"At home," I reply and you almost scream your frustration before clocking what I'm holding in my hand. 

"Fancy testing the beds in the Holiday Inn?" I ask with a grin. 

Swiftly you change direction, steering me in the direction of the hotel. Luckily there's no one on reception and I let us in with my card, leading you to the lifts and pressing the call button impatiently. 

Once inside the lift I push you back against the door, kissing you and shoving my hand down the front of your trousers, wanting to touch you. You almost fall backwards when the doors open and you grab my card to find the room number before opening the door and pushing me inside. 

Before the door's even closed you're pushing me up against it, one hand reaching behind my neck to pull me closer and kiss, the other one pushing my skirt up and reaching between my legs. 

When you feel how wet I am you let out an involuntary groan and I reach out, undoing your jeans and letting them fall to the floor as you push two fingers inside me, followed by your rock hard cock. 

I gasp as you enter me and wrap one leg around your waist so you can fill me entirely, the stiletto heel digging into the back of your leg. You grab my other knee and lift that leg around your waist as well, thrusting into me hard as I bite my lip and gasp, you feel so good. 

You place both my hands round your neck and grab my arse, pushing me back against the door with each thrust. I'm moaning now with each movement you make and you can feel me tightening around you. You try to slow down but I pull your head closer to bite your lip and wriggle my hips and you can't help yourself. You push yourself into me harder and faster and hear me cry out as I cum around you. The sound and sensation of me cumming is too much for you, you try to hold off but slowing down just feels better and with two deep thrusts you come inside me, holding my limp body as my legs slip from your waist to the floor. "Fuck," you whisper and I grin, "Bed's over there," I say, lifting my legs to circle your waist again. 

"So it is," you smile, and carry me over, still inside me, before depositing me on the pillow and landing on top of me. "So how about we test this thing out?" ...