 You wake up to brilliant sunlight pouring through the gaps in the curtains and panic. What time is it? You reach for your phone and curse, it's almost 10am and you're late for work. You start to dial the number, frantically trying to think of a decent excuse, when all of a sudden it hits you and you let out a sigh of relief, you're not working today. They called you in yesterday meaning that you had to cancel on me last minute which was regrettable, but also meaning that you can't work today which isn't so bad. 

You lie back in bed, thinking that maybe you should get up and make an effort to get up and do some of the things you've been putting off when you remember there was an unread text on your phone. 

You open it to read my message. It simply says "Blendr" and was sent 5 minutes ago. That must have been what woke you up. 

You grab the iPad and fire up the app. There are three messages from me, "Too nice a day to be working," a location and a photo. You click on the photo and grin, I'm sitting on my car bonnet leaning back against the windscreen, legs bent so you can see right up my red skirt to my white lacy panties. You shake your head, thinking that I seem to have a never ending naughty streak. Then you click on the location, just out of curiosity. The tag seems to be stuck on a little road in the middle of nowhere, you zoom out and realise I'm actually not too far from you. The thought crosses your mind that maybe you could join me, but that would require driving and you really can't be bothered today. 

You're just about to put the iPad down again when another photo pops up. What am I up to now? The photo's taking an age to load and you consider saving it for later but then it loads. I'm standing naked, leaning back against a tree, one foot on the floor, the other leg bent with my foot resting against the tree, one arm across my chest, hiding my nipples. Nice. 

You exit out of the photo to see I've sent you another, on this one I'm lying on a blanket, legs spread, with my little toy pressed against my clit. Another message pops up, "Wish u were here ;)"

Half an hour later you're in your car driving down a tiny country road, I do end up in some random places! You spot my car pulled into the side of the road and pull up behind it, wondering which way I would have gone. 

There's a wooden signpost just in front of the car saying "footpath" and you decide to follow it. It's really quite hot now and you can hear crickets in the long grass to your right. You follow the path up the hill and past a little copse of trees, you think you recognise one of them as being the one I was leaning against and then smile, how would you recognise a tree, they all look the same. Nevertheless the image of me naked against the tree slows you down and you can feel yourself getting hard imagining just what you'd do if I was standing there now. 

You realise you're getting distracted, and given my penchant for never staying still I could easily be back at the car before you find me if you don't get a move on. You walk along the path a little further until you reach the top of the hill and you glance around. A glimpse of red amongst the long grass in front of you catches your eye and you move closer, realising as you get near that you were right, it's me. I'm lying on my front on a blanket, knees bent and feet swinging back and forth in the air, a book open in front of me. I'm wearing nothing but a pair of headphones, and knowing how much I like loud music you take the opportunity to sneak up behind me, grinning as you catch sight of a bottle of water at the end of the blanket. 

Slowly you reach over and pick it up, feeling how cold it still is against your palm as you unscrew the lid. You lift it to your mouth and take a quick swig before upending the whole bottle over my back!

I scream and jump up, headphones falling out of my ears as I rain punches on your arms and chest. Ok so maybe that wasn't a good idea you think as you grab my wrists and hold them out to the side to stop me hitting you. I look pretty angry right now, dripping all over the blanket and my book, luckily the water missed my bag and clothes, piled just above the blanket. 

I glare at you, saying nothing and you take advantage of my nakedness, looking me up and down, your trousers feeling very tight now. 

"Funny guy huh?" I spit and you laugh. This doesn't have the desired effect, making me angrier and struggle to free my hands, my wriggling making my breasts bounce around enticingly. I catch where you're looking and say "Pervert!" but you can see I like the idea of you looking at me and getting excited. 

You want to touch me but you have the horrible feeling I'm not done pummelling you yet and you don't intend to give me the opportunity to get a hand free just in case. Instead you raise both my hands above my head so that you can grip both my wrists in one hand before running the other hand over my hard nipples and reaching between my legs. I'm warm and very wet, clearly not as angry as I'm trying to make out, and my eyes fall closed as you push two fingers inside me before rubbing them teasingly over my clit. You watch my face and hear me let out a little moan as I bite my lip. 

You raise your wet fingers to my mouth and slide them along my bottom lip, moaning as you watch me follow your fingers with my tongue before sucking them into my mouth and licking my juices from them. 

You realise I've opened my eyes and I'm looking straight at you as I suck on your fingers, my pupils dilated with arousal. 

You take the risk of letting go of my hands and they drop limply to my side, you pull gently on your fingers and I suck harder, reminding you of how it feels when I suck on your cock. This is ridiculous, you're about ready to cum already and all I've done is suck on your fingers! You pull harder and your fingers slide out of my mouth with a little pop, shocking me out of my immobility. I reach for your belt but you stop me, pulling me down to the wet blanket and stroking your hands across my damp breasts and back. 

Leaning towards me you put your hands on my shoulders and kiss me, my hands coming up to loop behind your neck. Pulling your head closer so that I can kiss you harder I sigh. The warm sun on my skin is drying me quickly and the feel of your lips is warming me up in a different way. 

Suddenly you pull back and throw my clothes at me, "Get dressed," you say, "I have an idea!" snatching back my panties and putting them in your back pocket with a naughty grin. 

Quickly I drag my skirt and t-shirt over my damp skin and thrust my bra into my bag, slinging it over my shoulder. You bunch up the wet blanket and take my hand, pulling me quickly back down the hill towards the cars. 

You dump the balled up blanket on the bonnet of my car and spread it out roughly, pushing my bag off my shoulder so it drops to the floor and lifting me onto the bonnet. I grin as you fumble to undo your belt and your trousers. They drop to the floor and you make a small noise of annoyance but decide not to bother about that now. You're too hard and you can't waste time trying to sort them out. You grab my ankles and lift them to your shoulders, pulling my hips roughly towards you as I fall back against the bonnet. With one hand you rub the tip of your cock over my dripping wet pussy before pushing yourself in hard as far as you can get. You groan and I gasp as I feel how hard you are. As you grip my hips hard and start pumping in and out of me I reach down and start rubbing my clit, letting out little moans as you hit against me, pushing me up the bonnet with each thrust. 

You watch my face and my fingers as you move, seeing that point where I forget to breathe again and feeling me jerk and cry out as I convulse around you, squeezing you tight. My fingers reach round to scrape my fingernails over your balls and you quicken your thrusting as I dig my nails into your buttocks, encouraging you to go harder and faster. With a groan you push into me one last time and feel yourself cum deep inside me. With a sigh you release my hips and lean forward to kiss me, the only sound our unsteady breathing and the birds singing in the trees above our heads.