 You've had a long week and you're tired. I tell you to go to bed and get some rest.

"Really?" you ask, and I smile at your disbelief. Never have you known me to turn down sex before, even when I'm exhausted and unable to do anything I still manage to work up the energy to crawl into bed with you and bring us both to orgasm.

"Yes," I reply. It's 8pm and I won't finish work until way after midnight. I have an idea though. "Leave the back door unlocked," I tell you, "I'll wake you up when I get in."

You're unsure at first but I remind you that the back gate will be locked and you agree to think about it. I'm pretty certain you'll agree, you've never denied me before.

***

It's late, past midnight, the streetlights have been switched off in your road and the only noise is the distant sound of traffic from the main road. I stand in your garden in my red dress, stockings and high, high heels, wondering if you followed my commands. Of course you did.

Confidently I reach out my hand and push down on the door handle. It gives easily and the door swings slowly open, allowing me access to your kitchen. Ever so quietly I push the door further before stepping tentatively onto the linoleum floor, careful to make sure my heels don't click too loudly and give me away. I turn, locking the door silently behind me before stepping further into the room, listening for evidence that you're awake. You've left the hall light on and so I settle down at the kitchen table with a newspaper, my ears alert for any sound from upstairs as I wait. This will only work if I have the element of surprise.

Almost certain now that you're asleep I pull the scarf out of my bag. It's silky but strong and I tie two slip knots, one on each end, my makeshift set of cuffs. I test them on my wrists, slipping my hands into the loops and pulling tight, before loosening them again and sliding them off and onto the table.

Reaching down, I unbuckle the straps around my ankles before sliding my heels from my feet, placing them just under the table, before standing and making my way carefully up the stairs, keeping to the edge so that I avoid the creaky middles of the stairs. 

The door to your bedroom is ajar and I can hear the faint sounds of your rhythmic snoring as I stand at the top of the stairs. The light from the hallway spills across your bed, revealing you to me as I move closer. I take my time moving towards you, noting that your left hand is up by your head and your right is laying on top of the quilt. Gently I slip one loop over your left hand, threading the scarf around the bedpost before quickly taking your right hand and pushing it through the other loop.

You jerk awake, pulling the scarf tight around your wrists as you try to sit up and instantly you're trapped and at my mercy. Exactly where I wanted you.

I slip a blindfold over your eyes, whispering gently in your ear to reassure you that it's me, then sit back to look at you. You've stopped struggling now but I can see you're still a little panicky and confused, just in that halfway point between sleep and wakefulness. Slowly I reach up and pull down the covers, exposing you to me.

You feel the chill of the night air brush over your skin and you shiver as I run my fingernails teasingly down your front, scratching over your nipples and watching as they pebble, your gasp telling me that you're enjoying my attentions. I run my hands lower, avoiding your cock but scraping down your sensitive inner thighs, watching how you grow and harden as I touch everywhere but there. I follow my hands with my warm, wet tongue, hearing you moan as my hot breath slides over your body, still not touching you where you want to be touched.

You beg me to release you so that you can touch me in return but I refuse, running one long nail the length of your cock, from the soft skin between your thighs, across your tight ballsack and up the seam of your cock to the smooth head, precum leaking to dribble onto your stomach. I repeat this action with my tongue, wanting to taste you. Slowly I swirl my tongue around the swollen head of your penis, absorbing the taste of you, the scent, the texture, before slowly lowering my head so that just the very tip of you is resting against my lips.

You're squirming now, begging me for more, but I like to tease you and so I continue with my game, raising and lowering my head, slowly taking a little more of you inside my mouth each time, scraping my teeth gently against your hard shaft with each upstroke. I start to suck hard, one hand moving to pump your cock, the other squeezing and playing with your balls and your breathing quickens, little moans and noises escaping from you as you feel yourself getting close to orgasm.

I reach up and lift off the blindfold, looking deep into your eyes as I suck down hard on your rigid cock and the sight of me between your legs is too much. You explode into my mouth, hips thrusting as I milk you with my hands and mouth, swallowing it all down before reaching up to release you.

You pull me up to rest my head on your shoulders and hold me tight, your arms around me as you drop a kiss on my forehead. 

"Thank you," you whisper as you unzip my dress...