 I'm leaning on the railings at the side of the ferry, gazing out over the calm blue sea and thinking it looks more like Ibiza than England, when you appear behind me, your hands slipping round to grab my breasts as you whisper "guess who" in my ear. 

I try to be stern as I tell you off but I can't help giggling, who else would be so silly?

Leaning my head back against your shoulder I link my hands behind your head and pull you down to me for a kiss, laughing up at you as I nip at your lip.

The warm sun caresses my exposed neck and a light sea breeze keeps the temperature down, warm enough to go without a sweater or coat but not so warm that it becomes uncomfortable. 

Savouring the heat of you standing behind me I arch my back, pushing my hips against you and feeling your erection press into me through the thin fabric of my dress as my nipples harden beneath your teasing fingers.

Your hand reaches between us and pushes the back of my skirt up. I start to protest but you shush me. You don't want anyone to hear and come investigate. After all, the only thing separating us and the other passengers seated on the top deck is the lifeboat hanging to our left and the launch mechanism.

You squeeze my arse in your hands, kissing the back of my neck as I reach back to unzip your trousers, leaving the button at the top fastened so they don't fall around your ankles.

Your cock springs out, hard and ready and I bend forward slightly, spreading my legs and pushing my hips back against you. I feel the head nudge against my backside and I wriggle eagerly in anticipation, my pussy wet and waiting for you.

You reach down to position yourself between my legs and I feel you slide smoothly into me. Leaning forward a little more, I bump back against you, encouraging you to give me more, deeper, I need to feel all of you inside me.

You take a good grip on my hips, your fingers digging into my soft flesh and pull out, slamming back in hard and I bite my lip to stop myself moaning out loud. It feels so good when you do that. Slowly you repeat the action, keeping that steady rhythm as I feel the tension building in my tummy.

I let one hand fall between my legs and I rub myself as you increase the speed of your thrusts, pistoning in and out of me, our groins making loud slapping noises as they hit, the sound instantly drowned beneath the growl of the ferries engine and the rolling waves. The rocking motion of the boat pushes you into me at a different angle and I feel myself tighten as you groan quietly in my ear. The pressure at this angle rubbing us both in just the right places.

Your fingers dig tighter into my skin, your grip hard and almost painful as you thrust hard into me one last time. Your cock pulsing inside me as you rest your head on my shoulder. Your hips jerking convulsively as you continue to pump me full of your cum. 

My pussy squeezes you tight as I ripple around you. My own orgasm hitting me hard just seconds after yours. 

Your warm breath on my neck feels sensational on my sensitive skin and I shudder beneath you, my pussy twitching with aftershocks as you very deliberately nipple on the sensitive skin beneath my ear.

With a quick kiss you pull out, letting my skirt drop back down as we breathe heavily. Leaning back against you, your hands circling my waist, I close my eyes and enjoy the moment, before the captains voice comes over the tannoy, telling us it's time to get back to our respective cars. 

Reluctantly we move apart, stepping out from our hiding place to join the other passengers converging on the stairs. 

I smile to myself as I climb into my car, feeling your cum begin to trickle down the inside of my leg, planning what I will do to you on the ferry back this evening.