 "It's going to such an amazing weekend," I tell you as we finish packing our bags. I am already getting that all too familiar tingle between my legs just with the anticipation of all the possibilities in store for us over the next 3 days.

You're wearing my favorite jeans. The ones that accentuate what I've come to call "Penis Perfection". It's all I can do to not push you down on the bed and take you into my mouth right here, right now. You smirk at me as you see the look in my eyes and know exactly what I'm thinking.

"Never were the patient one were you?" you remark as you oh so conveniently adjust yourself taking longer than necessary. That smirk turns into a laugh as I bite my bottom lip as that's my "tell" so to speak when I'm aroused.

"Baby, if you're already eying me like a piece of meat, this is going to be a really, really LONG, HARD 2 hour drive to Fantasies." Damn you for stressing the words long and hard because that doesn't help take my mind off your dick.

We finally get in the car and head out for a fun-filled weekend of a threesome or two, and maybe some swinging. Fantasies is an exclusive private club specializing in, well, the name says it all. We've both had threesomes and even foursomes, but never with each other.

We finally arrive at the hotel after 2 excruciating hours of you torturing and teasing me by rubbing your cock through your jeans or lightly tracing the stiff peaks of my painfully hard nipples.

We unpack and I head off to the bathroom to freshen up and change clothes. I also need to give some attention to my swollen clit as you failed to do in the car on the way here. I walk out of the bathroom and now it's my turn to smirk at you as now YOU'RE the one eying ME like a piece of meat.

You can't even speak, only emitting a low whistle and a growl. I have my hair swept up with a few tendrils hanging around my face, but leaving my neck exposed for your lips and teeth, since you know that one particular spot on my neck that when bit will make me cum instantly. I'm wearing a new outfit bought especially for tonight and this is the first time that you're seeing it. Most women have a "little black dress". I have a little purple dress since it's my favorite color. It's a spaghetti strap with a very deep, plunging neckline that shows so much cleavage that it threatens to show my nipples. It's very body hugging and ends mere inches below my ass and pussy and you can actually see a gap of skin where the dress ends and my thigh highs begin. The outfit's topped off with my favorite open toed, 5" stilettos with the ankle strap.

I can't help but walk over and sit on your lap, wiggling my ass around feeling you immediately harden. You grip my hips as you pull me down harder against your massive erection. 

I reluctantly pull myself up and we head down to the lobby and out across the street to live out some sexual fantasies. You grab and hold my hand as we walk in the door and tell me how much you love me and that everyone in the place is not going to be able to take their eyes off me.

We hit the bar where you get your usual double disoronno and coke with a splash of grenadine and I order a Miller Lite. I may look elegant, but I'm Texas born and bred and am a beer girl at heart.

And, you are right, all eyes seem to be staring at me as we head to the dance floor to do some bumping and grinding. We've only been dancing about five minutes when a cute little girl next door brunette steps in between us, grabbing my hips and gyrating against me while pushing her firm ass against you.

"I'm Emily," she pants as the music slows down, "and you are the sexiest woman I have ever laid eyes on. I'm going to lick your pussy all night with your man jacking off while he watches us." I immediately go from moist to soaking wet, which becomes obvious as I'm not wearing panties and it's getting dangerously close to running down my thighs. I nod my head not only to Emily, but over her shoulder to you noticing the pleading look of lust in your eyes.

As I lean in to kiss her, one of your hands snakes up between us as you caress her small, but amazing tits. She moans into my mouth as you find her nipple and roll it between your fingers. While you're wreaking havoc on her nipples, I reach up her skirt to find her lace thong drenched. I reach inside and run my fingers all over her lips, purposely avoiding her clit until she breaks away from our kiss and puts her hand over mine and rubs the palm of my hand over her hard clit, cumming about ten seconds later.

"Why don't we take this off the dance floor and to our suite across the street," you whisper to her as you're nibbling on her earlobe. 

We're all making out all the way out the door and across the street into the hotel, which is also owned by the club. I see the twenty-ish night clerk liking what he's seeing and reaches into his pants to begin stroking himself.

"Let's give him a little something to finish him off," I mischievously remark as I drop to my knees and take out that dick that I love so much and shove it all the way down my throat in one move. You begin fingering Emily's pussy while she bends over to pinch and twist my tight erect nipples. I look over at him with my mouth still full of cock just in time to see him spurt cum all over the desk, groaning loudly.

"Room 1976 if you want to stop by after your shift," you tell him as you zip back up and hold out your arms for me and Emily. He says he just might have to do that.

As soon as our room door closes, clothes are flying everywhere and I sprawl out spread eagle on the bed as you settle in the chair beside the bed and Emily tackles my clean shaven slit. She's an expert with her tongue and has me writhing in no time as you begin rubbing your dick and cradling your nuts.

Emily reaches into the nightstand(must not be her first time here as she knows where things are located) and pulls out a pair of those cheesy, but sexy furry handcuffs and cuffs my wrists together above my head and clamps them to the headboard. She returns to the task of sucking and licking my pussy while she has her hand between her legs thrusting her fingers in and out of her sopping wet pussy. My hips begin to raise higher and higher as I'm about to cum. She motions for you to come over to the bed with us and tells you to cum on her face and my pussy. The sight of you cumming all over us is enough to send Emily over the edge and her moans and screams are muffled by my dripping wet snatch, which vibrates my swollen clit and causes me to climax, squirting all over her tongue. We all collapse to catch our breath. She uncuffs me as we all light a smoke and laugh because the night is just beginning and we've got many more orgasms left before we're done with each other.

To be continued...