 Thanks to everyone who commented and voted on the first story! I appreactiate all the great feedback I've been getting!!!! I hope you enjoy!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

She woke to find his head buried in her hair and his arm just below her breasts. She looked over at him and saw his face relaxed in sleep. How beautiful he was. He made her ache, just looking at him. She gently moved his arm so as not to wake him and headed for the shower. 

She adjusted to water to the right temperature and stepped in, letting the water slide over her back. She was rinsing the soap from her hair when she felt a familiar hand on her breast. She opened her eyes to find him in the shower, holding a bar of soap. 

"Mind if I join?" He asked her, smiling. No way in hell was he leaving anyway. This was a dream come true for him, to have her in the shower with him.

He started at her neck, gently massaging the soap around her. Working his way to her breasts, he paid more attention to her nipples than he needed to and was rewarded with her moan. She tipped her head back to allow him better access and he smiled. He knew, with every move he made, how she would respond. The wanting her had for her was insatiable.

He ran the soap down her tummy, over her thighs and between he legs, make her jump. He turned her around, with her back facing him and started on her shoulders and back. He pushed her into the spray and rinsed the soap off her back so he could taste her. He kissed her neck and wrapped his arms around her. 

"This has been the best night for us." He said against her ear. 

"So far." She sighed.

She turned around in his arms and kissed him, deeply. Her tongue stroked his, her moan matching his. She moved him so he was under the water and reached for the soap.

"My turn", She laughed.

She grabbed his cock and gently began to stroke it. 

"Aren't you forgetting the rest of me?" He croaked out. 

She laughed as she ran her hands slowly, tightly back and forth over the length of his penis. She couldn't believe how much she wanted him. Again. She rinsed him off as she dropped to her knees in front of him and took his cock in her mouth.

She took her time on the head of his penis. Slowly, she licked and kissed the head of his cock. She ran her tongue down one side, swirling her tongue around the tip of him then back down again. She reached up and grabbed his balls in her hand and gently squeezed them. Again, and again her warm mouth slid up and down the length of him, tasting him. Up and down, her wet mouth kept moving. Licking his head, sucking on him, running her mouth down his shaft, until he pulled her mouth away. 

"Enough!" He groaned.

He helped her up, turned her around and pushed her up to the wall. 

"This time, we go slow." 

He grabbed his cock and gently pushed into her pussy, sliding his full length into her in one slow, agonizing push. She ground her ass towards him trying to get him in more. He watched her fingers clench and unclench on the shower wall. He grabbed her ass, holding her still, making her moan. 

"Just stay still. Just feel me inside you." 

She whimpered for him to move, to make her cum but he wouldn't. His cock pulsed deep inside her, making her beg. 

"Please fuck me, please oh please!' 

He ground his teeth together and slowly pulled completely out of her, making her cry out. 

Before she could complain, he very slowly entered her wet hot pussy as far as he could, stopping again when he was all the way in.

Over and over, slowly in and out of her pussy he moved, making her cry out every time he left her body. Every time he thrust back into her he was rewarded with a moan of ecstasy. He knew she was close to cumming, but he was no where near. 

He continued on and on, slowly pumping her pussy. Never quickening his pace. He ran his hands over her ass, gently grabbing her. He pushed into harder and quicker, but taking his time pulling out of her.

"Make me cum, I'm so close please, don't stop!" 

She arched her head back and clamped her pelvic muscles to try and keep his cock inside her longer. He grabbed her breasts and squeezed in time to his thrusts. Each time his cock was buried in her, he pinched her nipple, making her moan. 

He thrust into her, picking up the pace, realizing he wasn't going to last much longer. He pulled back, completely out of her, trying to make it last. Her has wiggled back trying to find his cock, silently begging him to finish her off. He couldn't resist her soft pleading anymore and quickly slammed home. 

"I'm cumming!" She screamed, slamming her ass back against him, begging for more. 

He picked up the pace and slammed in and out of her in rapid succession. One thrust leading into another, two, three, thrusts. He couldn't last anymore and grabbed her hips, slamming her hard onto his cock. His warm cum was filling her pussy. He thrust twice more, and laid his hands on the wall by hers, kissing her neck. 

"Perfect", he murmured into her hair.

He shut the water off and helped her towel off. Her body was so sensitive, every time he touched her, she shook. He led her to the bed, laid down with her, wrapping his arms around her.

"You had better rest, we've got a long night ahead of us."