 My sister was always one of the prettiest girls I knew, and as we got older her beauty only grew greater. By the time I was college age she was the out on her own with a job and her own apartment. I had long since had the hots for her, and she knew it. Many times she'd remind me that we weren't going "there" and our relationship stayed the course. I never introduced her to any guys, not that she needed any introductions or help in attracting guys, but she would introduce me to girls that she had met or worked with. I never really had any problem getting dates or anything, but still enjoyed her bringing new women into my acquaintance.

This story happened back in those college years of mine and I'd made the 3 hour trip from campus to her apartment for the weekend. She lived in a two bedroom flat but had a roommate who was dating a huge dude with serious issues over me staying overnight there in the apartment. I hadn't known this before arriving at Karen's apartment and was sitting there on her couch pondering where I might crash that night when a work mate of Karen's came to the door. I'd not met Macy though I had heard Karen speak of her, and she didn't look anything like the mental image I had of her from the casual mention of her during conversations with my sister. 

Karen was still back in her bedroom getting dressed for a date she had that evening so I let Macy in and introduced myself to her. She'd brought over a blouse or something for Karen to wear and excused herself back to Karen's bedroom while I went for a cold beer in the fridge. Now Macy wasn't a bad looking girl at all, just not the type I'd normally been attracted to. I suppose she was a bit of the girl next door that no one ever dated, and never was named "best looking" or "best dressed" or any of those things in high school. Not bad looking mind you, just sort of plain I suppose. An extra pound or two here and there, but mostly in the right heres' and theres' I was thinking.

About the time I was settling back down on the couch and beginning to think of what the heck I was going to do that evening, I mean after all I'd driven down to see Karen on a surprise visit not checking as to whether she'd even be there, Macy came back out and plopped down on the other end of the couch. She'd turned sideways so that she faced me and had one leg up on the couch and bent under her other leg. Before I could utter a word Macy started the conversation by ragging me on my situation. It was all in jest, and the smile she beamed and the infectious charm in her voice were in stark contrast to what I was expecting. The banter bounced back and forth with lightening speed and I really had to keep on my toes to keep up with her wit. She was only there to bring the item that Karen wanted to borrow and I could tell she had something else or somewhere else to go, so I wasn't surprised when she began to rise to leave.

"So, what time you picking me up tonight?"

"What? Huh? Ah, picking you up? Um, well I guess around 7 if that's OK." I was stumbling for sure, and had never been asked for a date like that, or any way for that matter.

"Seven is fine. I live in unit 1326B, just around the corner. Bye, Karen."

With that Macy was out the door. I just sat there thinking about what had just happened and whether it was real or not when Karen came out of her room. She was stunning as usual. Karen is worlds different from Macy in so many ways, and I suppose that's what made them friends. Karen never won any beauty awards, but is strikingly handsome. Her skin is creamy and smooth, her hair almost coal black and her sparkling blue eyes glow and twinkle. She's tall but proportioned very well. She was leaving in a few minutes so I asked if I could stay long enough to shower and change, then told her of the backwards date invitation with Macy. Karen only laughed then reminded me to be out before her roommate and boyfriend returned to avoid a confrontation. 

At 7 o'clock sharp I rang the bell on Macy's apartment. When the door opened I almost didn't recognize the woman standing there. Her auburn hair was silky and flowing in some undetectable breeze like you see in the hair shampoo commercials on TV, and her clothes, though still a bit eclectic, were most flattering to her figure. A figure well disguised by the baggy jeans and sweatshirts of the afternoon. Her makeup was just enough to bring out her green eyes that shown in the late day twilight, catching me there unable to move or speak. Finally, after who knows how long, Macy said something that I never comprehended, reached out her hand, and led me into her apartment. 

The living room was pure '70's. There were tie-dyed curtains, bean bag chairs, shag carpet, beads hanging in the doorways, candles everywhere, black light posters on the walls, and of course there was incense burning. Macy excused herself to grab a few things and I drank in the ambience of the room, like stepping back in time. There was a stereo on shelving made of cement blocks and planks, a vintage stereo and an awesome collection of vinyl albums. There wasn't a CD in site. Guess the age of digital music hadn't graced Macy's threshold yet.

In a few moments she stepped through the beads and declared it was time to go. 

"Where we going, Sparkle?" She grinned at the nickname I had just laid on her.

"Well, there's a little hole-in-the-wall pub not far from here that I like. I thought we'd grab a few beers and a pizza. That okay?"

"Fine by me." So, we were out the door. Normally I'd be riding my Harley but this weekend had a forecast for serious rain storms so I'd opted to drive my old truck. Actually, the truck fit right in with Macy and her décor. It to is vintage 70's and more of a work truck than the luxury rides sold today. I unlocked the passenger door and opened it for Macy, then closed it behind her once she'd climbed in. No electric door locks here. Before I got around to the driver's side I heard the door unlock and as I swung it open to hop in I spied Macy sitting there snug to the driver's side with an incredibly sexy smile on her face. I love those old trucks with the bench seat. And with the 3-on-a-tree manual shift there's always excuse to rest your arm around the lady. This might be fun.

"There's no AC so it might get a bit muggy tonight if it rains."

"No air conditioning?

"Just 2-60."

"What's 2-60?"

"Two windows and 60 miles per hour. The old fashioned air conditioning. The heater isn't so hot either, so in the winter I have to use the Armstrong heater for my lady passengers."

"Oh, let me guess, Mr. Macho. A strong arm wrapped around the frail lady?"

"You got it. Let me know if you feel a chill." Another of those grins. And a fine one too.

It didn't take too long to get to the pub and it was a hole-in-the-wall for sure. I'd ridden by it many times and never took notice, and really thought it was out of business. Turns out that nearly everyone parks around back, so we did to. We walked around the front door with me ribbing her about her favorite place being deserted, but when we entered the front door it was like stepping into a Southern small town version of Cheers. I got the feeling that Macy knew just about everyone in the place, and the bartender who appeared to also be the owner greeted her by name and asked if she wanted her usual. A pitcher and two mugs were ordered and we found "her" booth near the rear of the place, which was fine. The jukebox music wasn't quite as loud, most of the loud talking and belly laughter was up front, and we could actually hear each other talk back here. Two frosted mugs and a frosted pitcher showed up and the bartender asked what we wanted on our pizza. By then I felt like this must have been Macy's only place, and quite often at that. 

As the evening wore on we were treated to freshly frosted mugs before we could refill the prior one, and the pizza was actually excellent. Macy was a hoot, with my ribs hurting from laughing so hard that I knew I'd be sore in the morning. Another thing I noticed was that Macy was matching my mugs of beer one for one. This was a bit surprising seeing as how I could down a good bit of beer without getting in too bad of shape. She apparently could too.

After the pizza we tried out the pool table, foosball table and pinball. Macy whipped me soundly at all three. Granted I'm not a whiz at any of those games, but I can usually hold my own against a woman in most of them. Not tonight. All the while Macy kept flashing that super sexy smile to me, and I came to admire her more and more as the night grew later. Her sense of humor was unending, her smile infectious, her eyes entrancing, and her wit consuming. On top of all that, she had let a button or two of her blouse come undone during the evening and the view of her breasts heaved up in a deep cleavage had me stirring below. As she bent over the pool table to take the long shots I found the view from the rear to be equally as stirring. This was one hot lady, for sure.

Long before we were to leave the pub I had to slow way down on my drinking, knowing I had to drive us home or call a cab, and I could tell that I was approaching the point of having to call a cab. Macy sensed my slowdown and she too slowed her pace.

Macy finished off her beer then said "I think it's about time we left, don't you?" Again that smile.

"Yep. I guess we better." I rose and stood for her to slip from her side of the booth. We'd not gotten a check so I went to pay the bartender as Macy went to the ladies room. I hit the men's room after paying, then Macy showed me a way out the back. Good thing too because it was raining cats and dogs. It wasn't far to the truck, but as I ran to unlock and open her door then ran to my own door, I got soaked. Macy had stayed under the cover of the doorway until I had her door open but she too got nearly as wet as I did. I didn't care a bit though. Having her by my side there on the ride back to her apartment felt great. It wasn't until then that I realized that I'd not yet secured a place to crash that night, but there was no way I was going to let that slip out. Macy was my sister's best friend now and I couldn't do anything to screw that up, including getting involved with this dynamite woman. A night of laughs and shared pizza was one thing. Getting into a relationship was another and I didn't want any of the complications that might bring between Macy and Karen.

There weren't any parking space close to Macy's apartment door, but thankfully I belatedly remembered that I had an umbrella under the seat. I parked the truck, pulled out the umbrella and told Macy I'd walk her to her door. 

"What's that thing for?"

"Well, usually civilized folks use one of these to keep the rain off of them while they walk."

"Oh, so you're assuming that one or both of us is civilized, and that we even need that contraption given that we're already soaked?" Good point, on both counts.

"Fine." I folded the umbrella and stuck it back under the seat, stepped out and held the door for her as she slid across the drivers' side. I grabbed her hand as an automatic reaction and we ran for her door. It surprised me as we ran, for my grabbing her hand was the first actually touching we had experienced. 

When we got to her doorway and the shelter of the roof overhang, I let go of her hand and was about to say something about enjoying the evening when I was caught completely off guard. Macy threw her arms around my neck, pulled herself into my body and simultaneously pressed her lips to mine in a deeply passionate kiss that lasted for what felt like minutes though it was undoubtedly much less. When our lips parted she opened her eyes as I did mine, looked deeply into my eyes with those beautiful green eyes of hers.

"Come in with me." The voice that had been light and energetic was lower, sexier, seductive. I was powerless to comment, much less resist.

Inside she went about lighting candles and incense, turning on lava lamps and blacklights, turned on the stereo and put on some soft music from way back. She then slipped through the beads and was gone for a minute or so before coming back with a towel and some clothes. 

"Here, you can dry off and change into these. It's a pair of gym shorts and a sweatshirt that I'm sure are large enough for you. I'll be changing in my room and back in a jiffy, so don't delay." With that she disappeared back behind the beads and I started peeling off wet clothes. I dried off and put on the clothes she'd brought, but though the shorts fit OK the sweatshirt was really way too small for me and I couldn't even get it on over my shoulders and chest. I felt sort of odd standing there in gym shorts only, so I draped the towel around my shoulders. 

Macy returned and started giggling as soon as she caught sight of me. I wasn't giggling at her sight though. She was wearing a shorty nightgown and was barefoot. The gown was just long enough to cover her ass and shear enough that I could tell she was wearing a thong. But what riveted my eyes were the large areolas and the erect nipples standing out from her ample bosoms, all very evident through the shear gown.

"Hey, you never seen a guy in gym shorts before?"

"Yeah, just not one in pink gym shorts with white lace, and a towel around their shoulders with fluffed up hair like that!" I turned to look in the mirror on the wall behind me and sure enough my hair was all standing up from when I'd tried to dry it with the towel, and in the darkened room I really hadn't noticed the color and styling of the shorts. It was kind of funny.

"Well maybe you won't laugh at this!" I laughingly shouted as I rolled the towel into a rat tail whip and feigned chasing her around the room. Macy was laughing, and pleading, and those tits were bouncing and that ass shining, and I reversed directions on her and caught her. My arms gathered about her waist and drew her close to me as her face turned upwards to face mine. Just as I was about to kiss her Macy surprised me again.

"I've got just what you need. I'll be right back." Man, did she have that pegged right. She quickly turned and disappeared through the beads and I could hear her in the kitchen. When she emerged she had a bottle and two shot glasses. 

"Here, you need a shot of this. It's good stuff." With that she poured two shots for us from the bottle. 

"What is this?" I asked. It looked like golden tequila and smelled like it but the bottle was unfamiliar to me.

"It's good, just drink it."

So I did. She was right. It was smooth and warm, some sort of tequila for sure but different from any I'd ever had before. I turned back to her and held my arms out but Macy just grabbed my hands and started a dance around the room. About every two rounds she'd stop at the table, grab the bottle and fill the shot glass. I hadn't noticed that only my glass was being emptied and refilled, and after a number of these my feet felt like lead and my legs like rubber. 

"Macy, sorry baby but I've got to lie down. I'm so sleepy I can hardly stand up." I suddenly felt sleepy and embarrassed, but mostly sleepy. The booze was hitting me harder than I had expected. Macy guided me to a couch and told me to lie there, then brought me a blanket. I remember doing exactly as she suggested with no resistance, and that it really felt good to lie down. I don't even remember her covering me up, leaving the room or anything once my head hit the cushion.

Sometime later, and I don't know if it was minutes or hours later, I sort of woke up but just enough that I didn't know if it was a dream or real. I was lying on my back and what woke me was the supremely pleasurable feeling of someone giving me a masterful blowjob. I was in a fog, the room was pitch dark, and the awareness only lasted a moment and I was back out.

The next morning I woke early, or so it seemed. It was daylight outside and appeared to be late morning. When I tossed the blanket back it realized that I was nude. The gym shorts were gone and nowhere in sight. My clothes were dry, folded and laying on the floor beside the couch. There was also a note on top the clothes.

"Hope you enjoyed your nap, sleepyhead. I've gone to visit my family out of town, so take your time around here. Just lock the door on your way out. See you around. M." That was the note. After getting dressed I turned the note over and scribbled something back about having a good time and being sorry for zonking out like that. Actually, I was a bit relieved I had zonked out before things got too far along. Didn't want to complicate things between Karen and her friend, you know. But it bugged me a little that the shorts were gone and that I really did feel like I'd had a blowjob, or two. Still, it was fun evening and Macy was a hoot to be with, but now I was dressed and wanted to get out of there. It felt weird being there alone.

When I got back around to Karen's apartment I dreaded facing her. She would want to know how my evening had been, where I'd stayed and all the other stuff an older sister would want to know and ask. I really didn't want to get into it and tell her the last half of the story, but knew I better, rather than have her hear it from Macy. Geez, I hope Macy hadn't called her earlier that morning and told her already. So, sheepishly I knocked on Karen's door and went in.

Surprisingly, Karen seemed pleased that the pub time with Macy had gone so well, and laughed about the bit in the rain. When I told her I had overindulged in the tequila and literally passed out there on Macy's couch, Karen seemed accepting and nonchalant about it. I was surprised, but maybe that sort of thing isn't new to Macy's world though it certainly was to mine. I didn't mention the blowjob sensation or waking up nude, and it struck me that she had asked if I had slept well. 

Karen and I spent the day together and it was great, but I had to leave to return to my place. We said our goodbyes and she asked me when I would be able to return. 

"I want you to come here soon, okay?" 

"I'll be back soon, I promise. In fact, I've applied for a job here in town and might be back for good. I'll keep you posted." With that we shared a sibling hug and kiss on the cheek, and I got in my truck for the three hour ride back to my place. 

Several things hung around in my mind on the ride back. The shorts. Macy not taking any shots. My sister asking me to come there soon. The blowjob sensation that was all too real. One thing for sure, I had to get back soon.