 I’ve made this drive down to Lexington and back every Thursday for the past several months. If it weren’t for the scenery and the flirtatious truck drivers, I’d be bored to death. Although our main office is located in Cincinnati, I have to make the trip once each week to our branch office for a staff meeting. I’m getting used to the drive, usually listening to a few cd’s to help pass the time.

I doubt if I’m the only woman traveling I-75, the truckers flirt with. I consider myself attractive even though I am 35. I’m 5’9”, average build with shoulder length dark blonde hair. I’ve still got the same figure I had at 25. Although I doubt if my husband ever notices it. His interests have tended to wane from sex this past year. Maybe it’s me. I might not stir his sexual desires anymore. I try to dress sexy when we’re together but that doesn‘t seem to get me noticed. For work, it’s a different story altogether. I have to look professional, very businesslike. I’ve probably got a small fortune wrapped up in business suits and high-heels. It’s a good thing I make good money with plenty of benefits to help pay for them.

I probably get honked at half a dozen times on my weekly trips. My skirts aren’t all that short but once in awhile I do have a tendency to tease by pulling my skirt up to the top of my nylons. From their elevated vantage point, I’m sure the truckers get an eyeful. Maybe my teasing helps break up the their boredom as well. I’ve often fantasized about what it would be like to climb into the sleeper with a trucker and have hot, crazy sex! I’m sure I share the same fantasy with alot of other women.

Today’s meeting lasted longer than usual. The branch manager had quite a few charts and graphs he wanted to go over with everyone. I wasn’t impressed, but I don’t have to be. I sit in on the weekly meetings just to make corporate presence known. Just my luck to get tied up in rush hour traffic on the south side of town. I knew it would be late when I got home this evening. I didn’t realize it then, just how late I’d be.

I’d been following this trucker with a load of steel for several miles when he slowed down suddenly. I changed lanes to pass him but he swerved over into my lane and then back to the outside lane. I had to apply plenty of pressure to the brake pedal to keep from getting too close to him. I got back behind him just a few yards before spotting a large crate in the passing lane. I realized he’d pulled over to block me so I wouldn’t hit it at 65 miles per hour. Hard telling how much damage it would have done to the car, or me for that matter. I breathed a deep sigh of relief that he’d saved my butt. A few miles up the interstate and after I’d regained my composure, I decided to pass him. As I sped past him, he honked his horn. I sounded my horn in return. 

I drove on for another twenty minutes, spotting a rest area just ahead. It was still quite a few miles to Cincinnati so I decided to stop and use the restroom and get a soft drink to take along with me for the remainder of the trip. I pulled into the crowded rest area and found a parking space at the far end. I locked my car and headed for the restrooms. As I strolled along the walk, I observed the trucker who’d helped save my butt pulling into the back lot. 

I happened to notice the driver exiting his truck. He was quite young, maybe in his mid-twenties, maybe a little older. He was wearing a black cowboy hat. His 6’ height and athletic build added to his handsome face. I was impressed with his neat appearance, dark blue jeans and a blue and white striped shirt. I thought to myself, “Hello Cowboy!”

After exiting the restroom, I looked around for the vending machine area. I found it located outside, under another shelter next to the main building. I had just enough change to get my preferred soft drink. I put the coins in the machine and pushed the button. I heard the machine whirr but nothing dropped down. The machine had taken my money and left me empty handed. I hit the machine with my fist, out of frustration. I checked to see if I had a dollar bill then noticed the bill changer was out of order. This definitely wasn’t my day!

“They’re like one-arm bandits aren’t they?” I heard a pleasant voice exclaim.

I looked over, seeing the trucker, the cowboy! He could plainly see the look of frustration on my face. I stuffed my billfold back into my purse.

“Yes. It sure seems like it.” I replied. “Even the bill changer isn’t working.”

“Be my pleasure if you’d let me buy your drink, Ma’am.” He stated. “Maybe I’ll have better luck!”

“I couldn’t possibly let you do that.” I replied. “It’s not that important.”

The cowboy put several coins in the soft drink machine and motioned for me to press the button again. I pressed hard on the selection button, holding it down. The machine whirred and two bottles of soda dropped down the chute.

“Jackpot!” He exclaimed. “Looks like we’re even with the machines!”

I smiled at his remark and thanked him.

“That’s twice you’ve come to my rescue.” I quipped. 

I twisted the bottle cap but it was on too tight. The trucker twisted on his and it released. He handed his soda to me, taking mine. He had to apply alot of pressure to get the cap to twist off.

“That’s the third time you’ve come to my aid.” I said smiling.“

“Maybe it’s just your lucky day!” He said, smiling. “By the way. My name’s Dean. 

He put his hand out to shake mine. I shook his hand, his grip firm but not hard. 

“I’m Kaitlyn, most people just call me Kate.” I stated. 

Dean and I held our handshake for several moments before releasing our hands. I noticed an odd reaction when he let go of my hand, sort of an empty feeling.

“There’s a bench over by that shady area.” He stated. “Would you care to sit down with me?”

I didn’t want to seem unfriendly and say “no”. Actually, I was glad he’d suggested it. We strolled over towards the bench and sat down next to each other. Dean mentioned the large crate incident. I made it a special point to thank him, placing my hand on his lower arm. 

Dean and I chatted about various things. He mentioned he was from Abilene, Texas although he didn’t get home but once or twice a month. I asked Dean about his family. He was divorced. His ex-wife had remarried and moved with their two sons to Oregon. He hadn’t seen them since they’d moved. I could see Dean was getting depressed thinking about them so I quickly changed the subject. I told him I worked for a food distribution service and traveled down to Lexington every Thursday for a business conference. I also mentioned I lived in Cincinnati with my husband. I don’t know why I was offering him so much information about myself. I’m usually not very talkative with friends, let alone a perfect stranger. Our conversation just seemed to flow. 

It was getting close to sunset. We sat there finishing our soft drinks, watching the traffic speed by. I think we were both trying to think of something to say but I couldn’t come up with anything interesting to discuss. I should be getting back on the road. I was reluctant to leave for some strange reason. 

“Well Dean, guess I should be going.” I said. “I’ve really enjoyed talking with you.”

We both got up from the bench and shook hands again. Dean walked with me towards my car parked at the far end of the rest area. We strolled casually, neither of us in a hurry. My hand brushed against his. I felt Dean holding my fingers with his. I didn’t make any attempt to pull away. 

“Bet you’re anxious to get back on the road.” I stated.

“Well, I’m going to be stuck here till early morning.” Dean replied. “I’ve already driven the allowed limit of my hours for today.”

I didn’t think I’d want to be stuck here for most of the evening with nothing to do. I certainly didn’t relish his situation. We finally made it to my car; time to say our “good-byes”. Dean had my hand in his, holding it gently. I didn’t want him to let go. The two of us stood beside my car for several awkward moments. I started to say something but couldn’t speak the words. I looked around, my eyes scanning back towards the trucks parked along the rear of the rest area. 

“Would you like me to stay awhile longer?” I asked, my words not much more than a whisper.

“Yes.” Dean replied. “Yes, I would like you to stay with me.”

Dean and I walked across the grassy area towards his truck. We didn’t say a word to each other. My high-heels sank a little in the soft ground as we made our way. We walked up to the passenger side of the truck. Dean unlocked the door and swung it open. I had to pull my skirt up a little to step up on the running board. Dean put his strong hands at my waist and lifted me up high enough to put my foot on the step just below the floor level of the cab. I grabbed the door and pulled myself into the cab, sitting in the high-back leather seat. Dean closed my door and entered on the driver’s side.  

I glanced around at all the gauges and knobs on the dashboard. It looked like the cockpit of a large airplane. The foot pedals were extremely larger than the ones in my car as was the steering wheel. There was a laptop computer attached to the console and a cb radio suspended from the ceiling of the truck. Dean pointed out what all the gauges and knobs were for.

I looked back into the sleeper compartment of the truck. It was quite spacious. I’d always wondered what they looked like inside. Dean stepped into the sleeper and I followed, leaving my purse in the seat. The ceiling was high enough for Dean to stand up straight, even with his cowboy hat on. Four overhead tinted windows barely allowed the lights in the rest area to shine in. The sleeper had numerous conveniences including a small sink, refrigerator and microwave. There was a small television suspended from the ceiling pointed down towards the large bed. I was very impressed.

Dean and I stood there looking at each other. He put his hands at my waist, gently pulling me towards him. He kissed me softly on the lips. We gradually pressed our lips together harder. My hands on his shoulders, pulling myself tightly to his body. I felt Dean’s tongue at my lips, licking them back and forth. I parted them slightly allowing him to force his hard tongue into my mouth. He flicked it over mine, teasing it. I was gasping for air but I didn’t want to take my mouth off Dean’s. I breathed hard through my nose, smelling a slight hint of his aftershave. Dean’s tongue swirled slowly inside my mouth. I felt the heat in my body drastically rising. I knew it was wrong to be in this situation but I didn’t want to stop. We ground our lips together as our passions rose.

Our lips finally parted. We both took long, deep breaths. My body was trembling. I leaned back against the vanity, my hands gripping the edge firmly. Dean stepped back into the front of the truck, making sure the doors were locked. He pulled the privacy curtain closed when he stepped back into the sleeper compartment. Dean took his cowboy hat off, placing it on an overhead ledge above my head. I put my arms around him and kissed him hard. Our mouths were chewing on each other’s. We gradually eased our kissing till our lips slowly parted. 

Dean started unbuttoning his shirt, gradually exposing his muscular chest. I unbuttoned my blouse and slipped it off. Dean took it from me, placing it over his shirt hanging on a hook on the wall. He sat down on the bed to take his boots off. I reached for the zipper at the side of my skirt but it was stuck. I pulled hard up and down to free it but it wouldn’t budge. Dean took the zipper in his hands, holding the waistband firmly. He pushed down hard on the zipper and it gave way. The skirt slipped down my legs. Dean still had a hold of it. I put my hand on his shoulder as I stepped out of it. Dean folded it over and placed it on the overhead shelf. 

I put my hands together in front in front of me. I still had my panties, bra, nylons and high-heels on. I was starting to have second thoughts but I fought them back. I needed this. I hadn’t had sex for a long time. Dean unbuckled his belt and unzipped his tight jeans. I stared at his crotch as he pushed his jeans down. He had on black briefs; a well-defined bulge outlined his cock. I couldn’t take my eyes off it. Dean tossed the jeans on the floor. He reached out for my hand and pulled me over to the bed. Dean sat down on the bed, positioning me standing in front of him. His hands slipped my nylons down, taking them off along with my high-heels. He kissed my tummy tenderly, his teeth nibbling gently. I put my hands on the back of his head pressing it lightly to me. I wasn’t having any second thoughts now.

“If you want me to stop.” Dean whispered. “Please say so now before we go any further.”

I shook my head “no”. I wasn’t going to stop. I didn’t want Dean to stop either.

“Never!” I managed to whisper. “Not ever!”

Dean scooted back on the bed and stretched out on his side. I got on the bed and lay alongside him, on my back. Dean’s hand reached underneath me, unhooking my white lacy bra. He took it off and tossed it away. We kissed each other lovingly, our lips barely pressed together.

The cool air from the overhead air conditioner wafted across my bare breasts. My nipples hardened immediately. Dean massaged and fondled my firm breasts with his strong hands. I felt my body quivering. Dean pressed closer to me. He kissed my neck all over. I was moaning continuously as he kissed me ever so softly. He kissed down towards my fondled breasts. Dean’s lips kissed all over my breasts, brushing across my hard nipples. He gripped each nipple with his lips and flicked his hot tongue over them. I gripped the upholstered edge of the bed tightly with my left hand. My body arched up off the bed then sank down slowly, grinding my butt hard against the cool sheets. I never dreamed my fantasy could be so hot and passionate.

I was holding onto Dean with all my strength. His hand slid down over my tummy and slipped inside my soaked panties. It felt embarrassing, having him know I’d already had a small orgasm. Dean’s hand slipped down farther, his fingers covering my pussy. I spread my legs slightly allowing the width of his hand to access me. I opened my eyes slightly. Dean was looking down at me, his face softly smiling at me. I felt his middle finger lightly rubbing over my sensitive clitoris. My mouth opened a little to catch a breath. Dean penetrated my wet pussy with his finger. My legs spread open wider, my mouth gaped open.

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh……………Godddddddddddddddddddd” I cried out.

Dean worked his finger inside me, swirling it around. I grabbed his wrist to get him to stop. He kept fingering me but much slower. My juices were lubricated his finger.

“Take my panties off!” I shrieked. “Fuck me now……………please fuck me now!”

Dean slid down on the bed and pulled my panties down. Their wetness left trails along my upper thighs. Dean slipped them off, tossing them to the floor. I spread my legs wide, wanting him to plunge his hard cock deep inside me. 

“Please!” I begged. “Please now………….damn it!”

“No, not yet!” Dean replied, his face displaying a most serious look.

Dean held my legs apart, leaned forward and licked up and down the swollen lips of my pussy. My ass was bucking up and down off the sheets. I reached up and pulled a pillow over my face to muffle my screams. Dean’s mouth sucked hard on my clitoris and I literally came apart. I pulled the pillow tight against my face and screamed out.

“Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh…….Grhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh” 

My whole body arched up. My shoulders and feet held me suspended as the most incredible orgasm consumed me. It paralyzed my entire body. I felt like I was on fire, burning inside. Slowly the orgasm subsided and my body started to relax. I felt my feet slipping down the sheets. Dean held my ass in his strong hands, slowly lowering me.

I almost passed out. Dean pulled the pillow from my face and tossed it aside. The sound of my hard breathing was almost as loud as the noise coming from the truck’s engine. I rolled over onto my left side looking at Dean.

He reached inside the little refrigerator compartment, taking out a cold bottle of water. Dean took a big swallow of the water then handed it to me. My mouth was very dry from all the moaning and screaming. I took several drinks before handing it back to Dean.

“You OK?” Dean asked

“Yes, never better!” I replied, grinning. 

Dean was sitting sideways on the side of the bed. I put my hand on his leg, rubbing it slowly, gradually reaching towards his briefs. Dean leaned down and kissed me. Our lips pressed gently against each other’s for several moments. I rubbed my hand over his cock through the cotton material. I felt his heat warming my hand. 

Dean stood up and pushed his briefs down. His beautiful, long and thick cock sprang straight out from his body. The head of his cock was mushroom-shaped. Dean reached into a cabinet over the vanity and pulled out a condom. He stroked his hard cock then rolled the condom over the long shaft. My breathing was increasing just thinking about Dean fucking me.

I spread and lifted my legs to his waist. Dean held his hard cock near the base, guiding it between the swollen folds of my pussy. I felt the head slowly penetrate me, spreading my lips apart. He held still for a brief moment, then pushed in slowly. Dean worked his cock back and forth till he had it all the way inside me. I felt his hard balls against my ass. My juices were flowing, the heat in my body rising again.

Dean supported himself above me with his strong arms. I grasped his strong upper arms with my hands. I wrapped my legs around his slender waist, locking my ankles together. Dean fucked me slow and easy. I loved the feel of his rigid fuck shaft stroking in and out. I rocked with him as he increased our tempo. Dean’s cock rubbed against my delicate clitoris as he fucked me harder and faster. My fingers were digging into his arms fighting back the urge to let myself orgasm. I didn’t know how long I could hold back. Dean was slamming his cock into me hard, our bodies making loud smacking sounds. I couldn’t hold off too much longer. I squeezed my legs and ankles hard, pulling Dean into me. My fingers dug into his muscular arms. A phenomenal orgasm washed over me. My whole body shuddered. I gripped Dean so hard I saw his face grimace. 

“Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh…Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr” I moaned!

It was awhile before my legs relaxed enough for Dean to begin fucking me again. He pounded his hard cock into me hard and fast for several minutes before he shot his load. I held him tight till he slowly relaxed. He fucked one more long, deep stroke into my pussy, and then froze. He’d gotten another load off in me. Dean’s face was bright red, his eyes shut tight and his teeth gritting hard. I kept my grip on him till his body slowly relaxed. I put my hands on his chest. I could feel his heart racing, the beats almost uncontrolled. Dean partially opened his eyes and looked down at me. A smile slowly formed on his handsome face. I felt his heart gradually slowing down. Dean was breathing so hard I could feel it blowing against my face.   


Dean leaned down and briefly kissed me. He lowered himself down on top of me then rolled over on his side. I asked him if he was alright. He didn’t say anything, just nodded his head. I put my hand on his muscular chest. His heartbeat was still quite fast. I gently rubbed his arm trying to comfort him. I noticed the deep scratch marks on his arms that I’d made during our shared passion.

“Did I scare you?” Dean whispered.

“No!” I answered, forcing a smile. “Of course not!”

Dean knew I wasn’t telling the truth. I was worried about him. Dean rolled over onto his back. I put my hand on his chest rubbing it lightly, checking his heartbeat. He put his hand over mine, holding it firmly. I could feel my juices dripping down onto the crumpled sheets. I got up from the bed and found a washcloth. I washed myself off. Dean got up from the bed and removed his cum-filled condom. 
