 This is the first story I ever publish anywhere. It is based on a dream I had and the lady in the story is a very close friend of mine. We have flirted heavily but nothing more as we are both in relationships.

---------------------------------

As you pull up outside the garage to pick me up for our lunch date you notice the garage door is open and the music is blasting. The car is up on lifts and you can see my legs sticking out from underneath it. You shake your head as you step out of the car and walk over to me. I am completely oblivious of your presence until you run the tip of your shoe up the inside of my thigh. My body jumps and I slide far enough out from underneath the car to see you standing there looking down at me with a smile. My eyes roam up your legs, over your short skirt and your low-cut top before snapping back down your body. You see my eyes widen as I look straight up your skirt to your panties, and you smirk as you notice the bulge in my pants.

I notice your look and blush slightly as I move out from under the car and stand up. I sheepishly admit to having lost track of time and that I would give you a hug but... I kind of need a shower first! I lead the way into the house and leave you in the living room as I rush into the bathroom. Shortly after you hear the shower running as I hurry to clean up, and a few minutes later you see me walk through the hallway wearing a towel. I do not close the bedroom door out of habit due to the cats and I fail to hear you quietly walking up behind me. Suddenly I feel your hands sliding around my waist and pulling me back towards you. Your breasts push against my back as I hear you whisper that you want that hug now. Your lips nibble at the curve of my neck as your right hand slides down to stroke my cock through the towel. I moan slightly as your fingers find their way underneath the towel and curl around the shaft. 

You whisper in my ear saying "I do believe you promised me a protein shot". 

I laugh under my breath at the long-standing joke between us and as your arms loose their grip enough for me to turn around I kiss you deeply. My hands slide down to the ass I have dreamed about for so long and grab it, pulling you closer to me so you clearly feel my arousal pushing against you. 

You break the kiss and push me back so I fall down on the bed, and with a smirk you look from the towel in your hand to my naked body. Slowly you kneel between my legs dangling over the edge of the mattress and your hand reaches out for my dick again. Your thumb gently rubs over the head as your fingers encircle the shaft before slowly stroking me. I look down and meet your eyes as you lean forward to flick the tip of your tongue over me before slowly sliding the cock inside your mouth. I let out a low moan as you slide your tongue around the head and suck on it lightly. You spread my legs out more and slowly stroke me while keeping the head in your mouth. My eyes meet yours again and the look in your eyes almost makes me explode immediately. Pure lust and sexual hunger. I realize now what you had always meant by "the look", and, as you had promised, it drove me crazy. As your lips slide down my shaft and my head enter your throat I have to bite my teeth together not to come. Your left hand fondles my balls while your right hand teasingly brushes over my ass. You feel my cock twitching in your mouth and my leg muscles tense when your fingers briefly probe me. 

You let my cock slip out of your mouth as you sit up to reach over on the night stand for some lube. I follow you with my eyes, marveling at how sexy you are and staring at your breasts trying to break free of your top. You squirt a generous amount of lube into your hand before slowly starting to work it into my ass. My eyes close as I feel your finger sliding inside me and I concentrate on relaxing my muscles. Suddenly I feel your lips on my cock again as you slide it back into your mouth, and when you suck hard on the head you slip a second finger inside my ass. I reach down to comb my fingers through your hair as you slowly suck me in and out of your mouth while your fingers move in my ass. I moan loudly and my fingers tighten their grip on your long hair as you fuck me with your mouth, knowing that I can not last long as I have been looking forward to this for years. I gasp as I explode in your mouth, shooting wave after wave of cum down your throat as you suck me hard. I fall back on the bed as you milk the last drops from my dick before licking it clean and swallowing the last remains. 

"I love your taste" you say while licking your lips. "I have wanted to taste you again ever since I watched you jack off that one time". 

I laugh at the memory of my first attempt at exhibitionism. You slide up my body and kiss me deeply, letting me taste myself on your lips and tongue. I purr against your lips and return the kiss as we snuggle on the bed for a bit.

"So will I get to watch you now?" I ask while playfully fondling your breasts. You smile at me and stand up and start to perform a teasing strip tease while I hungrily watch your body move. You pull the top over your head and with your back towards me open your bra and let it fall to the floor. As you turn around I gasp, my eyes locked on the breasts I have fantasized about for so long. You sway your hips slightly as you slide your skirt down your legs and kick it to a corner with your foot. You turn around and bend over in front of me, giving me a great view of the v-string and the ass I have been dreaming about for years. I can already feel my cock twitching slightly as I watch you crawl up on the bed to kiss me deeply before you lay down next to me. 

"Care to pull them down?" you say with a mischievous smile. I quickly move over to hook my fingers in your underwear and pull it down slightly, before I stop and softly kiss you on the exposed skin. As I pull the panties down you follow me with your eyes, and when I let them fall to the floor I sit back to stare at the sight in front of me. 

My eyes roam up your legs to your Brazilian wax and you spread your legs slightly to give me a better view. Your eyes lock on to my cock which is starting to get hard and you let a hand slide over your breasts and down over your stomach. You spread your legs wider as your fingers brush over your pussy lips, and I can't help but noticing how wet you are. Again you stare me in the eyes as you slowly slip a finger inside you and a low moan escapes your lips. You bring the finger to your mouth and suck gently on it, before reaching down to bring some of your juices for me to taste. I suck your finger into my mouth and rotate my tongue around it while enjoying your juices. As I release your finger you move your hands back between your legs and slide two fingers inside your pussy while your other hand teases your clit. I am mesmerized by the look on your face and the slow movement of your fingers. As I lay down next to you I arch my neck to suck one of your nipples into my mouth while I reach over to twirl the other between my fingers. Your gasp makes my cock twitch and I suck and massage both of your breasts while you keep touching yourself. I move up to kiss the curve of your neck and pull on your earlobe with my teeth before whispering in your ear. 

"You promised me a taste of you. Can I?" You look at me, your eyes filled with passion and lust and nod. 

I kiss my way down your body, stopping to flick my tongue over your nipples again before I move down between your legs to your feet. I kiss my way up your legs and teasingly brush my lips over the inside of both your thighs before reaching out to barely touch your pussy lips with the tip of my tongue. You twitch slightly and spread your legs wide open before I dart my tongue as deep inside you as I can get. I look up at you and say that I love the taste before sliding my tongue over the edge of your lips and twirling it around your clit. I hear a low moan as I massage your clit with my tongue, and I slide two fingers deep inside you. My tongue glides around the fingers slowly rotating in your pussy before flicking over your clit again. I look up at you and see your eyes closed in pleasure as your hands massage your breasts and pull on your nipples. As I start moving my fingers rapidly in and out of you while sucking on your clit I feel your hands pull my hair and push me against your body. You raise your hips up into my mouth as I pull my fingers out and thrust my tongue inside you and start fucking you with it. Suddenly I hear a low scream from you and your legs clamp down on my head as you explode, and I drink your juices happily. Your body tenses up before slowly relaxing back on the mattress.

I slide my way up your body to kiss you deeply. You suck my tongue inside your mouth to taste yourself, and suddenly I feel my cock slip inside your pussy. Remembering the conversations we have had I break the kiss and look down at you.

"We shouldn't..." I begin to say, but before I can get another word out you lock your legs around my waist and thrust your tongue inside my mouth. 

"Fuck me" you say while looking into my eyes. "I know you have wanted to. I have wanted to. Fuck me hard!" 

I slowly start to grind my hips against yours and can't believe how tight you feel. I pull further and further out of you with each movement of my hips before thrusting deep inside your pussy again. Our lips are locked together in a deep kiss as I increase the speed and intensity of my thrusts, pushing you down into the mattress and loving how your breasts feel against my chest. I kiss and nibble on the curve of your neck as I bury my cock as deep in your pussy as I can get it. Your muscles grip my shaft and your legs help pull me hard against you with each thrust. 

I let out a moan and whisper "oh god I have wanted this for so long. You feel so good, even better than I had dreamed possible" before you roll me over and sit up on top of me.

I look up at you as you slowly start to ride my cock. Your hands slide through your hair, pushing your breasts forward and I can not resist the urge to reach up and massage them. Watching you riding me is almost too much and my hands move down to cup and tease your ass. I raise my hips up to meet your down strokes and you moan loudly. You place your hands on my chest for support as you raise and lower your hips on my cock, sliding it in and out of your pussy. My hands on your hips help pull you down while a finger teases your ass. Suddenly I feel your muscles twitch around my cock and you explode with even more intensity than earlier. I hold you steady with my hands while I fuck up into you with short, quick thrusts through your orgasm and I feel your nails digging into my chest. As you fall forward on my chest I hold you close and kiss your cheek while you catch your breath.

You kiss me deeply, smile at me and giggle slightly. 

"Well I know that was the first time you had your cock sucked until you blow your load" you say teasingly, knowing very well it has been a fantasy of mine for a long time. "And obviously first time fucking me. I know another thing you have wanted for as long as you have known me". 

We both feel my cock twitch just from hearing you say that and you giggle as you get off me and stand on your hands and knees with your back arched. I move up behind you and with one long, deep thrust slide my cock back inside your pussy. My hips slowly meet yours as I enjoy the sight of you bent over with your long hair spilling out over the mattress. I caress your ass and admire it up close after having stared at it through your clothes for so long. It is even sexier than in those tight jeans I have watched you wear for years. You purr slightly as you enjoy feeling me deep inside you and reach out for the lube and hand it back to me. As I squirt the lube on your ass and slowly start massaging it in I can't believe this is truly happening. 

Gently and carefully I slip a finger inside your ass, making sure it is well lubricated and relaxed before I add a second finger. I hear a low moan from you and know that you are ready. My cock slips out of your pussy and I guide it to your tightly puckered opening. You push back against me so the head disappears inside you and we both stop, letting you get used to my size in you. I am very nervous since I do not want to hurt you but after a bit you start to push back against me again and I slowly work my cock into your ass. My hands circle your body to massage your breasts as I lean forward to kiss the back of your neck. I pull slightly out of you before moving back in while loving how incredible it feels. You lower yourself to your stomach with your ass raised as I set a slow, steady rhythm. My hips meet your ass and my balls slap against you as I increase the speed slightly, and your lust filled whimper helps me believe I am not hurting you.

You thrust back against me as I begin to truly fuck your ass, and with a moan I let you know that I can not hold back long. The feeling is simply too amazing and I have fantasized about this for too long. You reach down between your legs to massage your clit, and your moans join mine as we both get closer to exploding. I let out a low growl as I feel the first wave of cum exploding through my cock and shooting deep into your ass, and with a scream you explode around your fingers and my cock. Your muscles spasm and I bury myself as deep inside you as I can come while my passion bursts in waves stronger than I have ever felt before.

When we are both finished my body rests on top of you panting for breath before slowly rolling off to lie next to you. I admire your sweaty, sexy body and can not believe what we just did. I kiss you deeply and passionately while caressing your face tenderly before with a grin asking you if you are ready for the lunch now. You swat at me playfully and raise an eyebrow. 

"Sure, but next time we do this it just might be you bent over in front of me". I look at you and remember another thing I have dreamt of and discussed with you. Then I realize that you said next time, and I can't help but grin like a kid in a candy store.