 This story is related to my story "The Beginning" but was written entirely by me. The characters are the same, but this tale is not a cyber chat...it is a fantasy that I wrote from the desire to meet my internet lover in real life. Enjoy, and any feedback you may have is, as always, welcome and appreciated. J

***

Stretching her arms above her head to relieve the kinks that had developed in her muscles the last few hours of sitting at her computer working, she sighed happily. Taking the time to reread the message she had saved last week and had displayed on the computer screen once more before shutting down her computer for the night, she felt a thrill of anticipation rush through her, flooding her insides with warmth.

Master8: I think we should meet...I need to hold you in my arms, I can't wait any longer.

Seduzione: I know what you mean....I want you so much...this longing just won't go away. But when? 

Master8: Friday.

Seduzione: But ...surely that's to soon for you to travel all this way?

Master8: I already bought the ticket. I'll arrive Thursday night, that should give me sufficient time to recover from the plane ride and be at your door at 8pm Friday.

Seduzione: But...wow...I can't believe I'm finally going to be able to touch you... 

Master8: And I you, my sweet. Until then, I must bid you adieu, I have much preparation to do before I come to you.

Seduzione: I count the days...goodbye for now.

Master8: Oh...one more thing luv...

Seduzione: Wha...huh...yes darling?

Master8: I'm bringing the blindfold.



The week was the time had finally come. She was going to meet the man she'd been having an internet affair with for weeks. As the clock struck midnight, she realized it was now Friday, and she'd be meeting her internet lover in 20 hours...and that she still had to sleep so as to prepare for the night ahead, which she had a feeling would last a long, long while. 

Laying in bed a short while later, she suddenly remembered his parting line, "I'm bringing the blindfold," hinting that maybe tonight she'd finally have her long time fantasy fulfilled. Somehow, she managed to fall asleep, even with those thoughts rushing through her mind.

***

She met him in a games chat room. He referenced her favorite game in the chat, and she messaged him to strike up a conversation about that game. Soon, however, she found out that he was more than just a fellow gamer. He was sweet, funny, and an old-school romantic...in other words, her ideal guy. However, he also had a bit of a naughty side, just like she did. She discovered this one night when he made a slightly naughty innuendo based on something she had said...and she laughed it off and retaliated in kind, which opened up whole new doors of communication between them.

They became quite close...flirting outrageously, sharing secrets. One of these secrets was a mutual interest in erotic fiction, to which both confessed to having written a bit in the past. This conversation led to a very interesting end, but that is another story entirely.

Over the next few weeks after the first story was written together, the two continued to try to push each other's buttons in all the ways they possibly could over the internet. She took and emailed naughty pictures of her to him...he continued to say little things that made her heart flutter madly. And eventually the day came when they started voice chatting with one another...talking about each other's thoughts, desires, lives. But also, when the conversations took a more intimate turn, they each encouraged the other's desire with words and sounds of pleasure, finding their fulfillment alone, but together.

The two lovers longed for the day when their online romance could be taken into the realm of the real world, but neither was sure when or if it would ever be possible. After all, there was one small problem.

He lived in Australia.

She lived in the United States.

But now, it appeared that they would finally get their chance to meet...and to see if their chemistry in real life was anything like it was via the internet.

***

Arching like a cat and letting out a soft sigh of contentment, she opened her eyes to the light of the day, looking to her left at the clock on her nightstand.

"Oh my god, it's noon already! I have so much I have to do before tonight!" Throwing back the covers, she slid out of bed and headed to the bathroom to take a bath before she started to get things ready for that night.

Turning on the tap and adjusting the temperature, she removed her nightgown, stopping to look into the mirror as she did so. Slipping her hands up, she cupped her 38C breasts in her hands, pinching the nipples slightly and feeling herself grow moist between the legs at the sensation it caused. Her breasts had always been sensitive, and everything was more sensitized than normal since she hadn't touched herself intimately in 2 days in preparation for this night. Buckling down to business, she pushed her panties off her hips and stepped into the hot bath, relaxing in the heated water.

Reaching for her razor, she shaved her legs smooth, before reaching for the shave gel again with a wicked grin. Lathering herself up, she then proceeded to remove every trace of hair from her most intimate place, rinsing off and stroking herself intimately to make sure she had not missed any. Feeling herself getting hotter, she stopped what she was doing reluctantly and climbed out of her bath. Drying herself, she wrapped her body in her satin robe and headed downstairs to gather the things she would want for tonight.

Arranging the candles around the room and placing the pile of satin scarves in her bedside table, along with a few other items intended to make the night more enjoyable, she glanced at the clock again. Realizing that she needed to get her makeup and hair done, as well as pick an outfit still, she decided she better stop taking her time, since she had less than 3 hours till he was due to arrive on her doorstep.

When she was done brushing and curling her hair slightly and putting on a bit of light blush, eye makeup, and lipstick, she turned to her closet to peruse the contents. After standing there for several minutes, she picked her sexiest black dress from the closet. The dress was spaghetti strapped, and was backless except for a 2 inch strap that stretched across her back just below the crease of her arms, which left her entire back and the tattoo that resided on the lower portion of it visible. It had a slightly flared skirt that ended a few inches above her knee, concealing almost all...unless she moved just a bit too fast and caused it to flare up, which it would do very easily and expose all. The dresses tight top pressed her breasts up, showing an ample amount of her cleavage in a sexy but tasteful way.

"Yes," she thought. "This will do nicely." Selecting her favorite pair of black lace panties from her drawer and slipping them on, then rolling her stockings up her legs and attaching her black garter belt, she then slipped the dress up her legs, pulling it into place and adjusting her breasts till she was satisfied with the result. With one last look at the clock telling her that her dream guy was due to arrive in 20 minutes, she started lighting the candles she had spread around the bedroom. 

Just as she lit the last one, the doorbell rang downstairs. "Here goes nothing." She slipped on her black heels and headed down the stairs, smoothing her dress once more before opening the door, smiling, to greet the man she felt like she'd waited her whole life for.

***

They stood there for several minutes as they laid eyes upon one another for the first time. She took in his handsome face, the way his hair fell against his ears and forehead and the look in his eyes as he gazed at her. He was wearing dark pants and a jacket, with a blue shirt underneath, a few buttons of his collar undone which made his ensemble more casual sexy than stuffy and dressy.

He eyed her from the top of her soft brown hair and her adorable bow-shaped lips, all the way down her body, his eyes lingering on the way her chest pressed against her dress, and how her legs looked so curvy and sexy encased in those stockings and high heels.

"G'day, mate," he said in greeting, knowing how his accent and those words had affected her in the past in their voice conversations.

She felt her knees weaken a bit as she heard him speak. "Hullo there. Can I help you with something?" she retaliated cheekily, grinning at him.

They reached for each other at the same time, wrapping themselves in a tight, warm hug like the kind you would give a long-lost loved one. Soon, however, they couldn't resist the temptation, and their lips met, softly at first but with growing passion. Backing up inside, she pulled him with her, and he pushed the door shut as he pinned her to it, as their tongues dueled in their mouths. Her hands were going crazy, stroking over his back and his shoulders as he tilted her head to the side and kissed and nibbled her neck and shoulders and let his hands roam over her back and hips.

Breaking away from his kisses with much effort, she took his hand and led him up the stairs to her bedroom, which was aglow with candlelight, before reaching for him again. Pushing his jacket off his shoulders, she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him deeply, groaning slightly into his mouth as his hands reached under her skirt to squeeze her behind gently through her panties.

His hands slipped up her back, then began slowly stroking up and down her sides, drawing closer and closer to her breasts with each pass until his fingers were brushing up against them...at which point he cupped them in his hands and stroked his thumbs across her hard nipples, causing her to gasp and press her hips more tightly against his as she felt herself starting to get wet already at his attentions.

Kissing a wet trail down her neck and shoulder, he kissed the cleavage that was exposed by her dress, all the while pinching and rolling her nipples with his fingers through the fabric of her dress as he stroked her breasts. Nudging her straps down her arms with his lips, he gently pulled the top of her dress down, exposing her breasts to his hungry gaze. Looking up at her and finding himself looking into her eyes as she watched his every move, he leaned forward and caught one nipple in between his lips, sucking it into his hot mouth and flicking it with his tongue.

She couldn't take the onslaught of sensation: her knees buckled beneath her and she had to lean heavily against him. Never stopping his attentions, he guided her to the bed and lay her back on it, stroking her chest with one hand as his other hand pulled down on her dress until it was sliding off of her hips, down her legs, and was gone, leaving her laying there in just her wet lace panties and stockings. Her hands clutching at his shoulders, she pulled and tugged on it before reaching for the buttons on the front of it, before he took the hint and stood for a moment to quickly remove his own clothing, standing only in his shorts before her.

Not giving her much time to look, he laid down on top of her body, pressing himself against her, as he kissed her deeply. Pulling her hands above her head, he proceeded to tie first one and then the other to the bed rails with the silken cords he had removed from his pockets as he undressed, all the while still kissing her. 

Leaning back and smiling wickedly at her, he slipped down and bound her feet as well, then slid his hand back up her legs, pausing briefly to stroke her heat quickly, causing her to lurch against her bindings in surprise and desire. Kissing her one more time, she opened her eyes to look at him and met only darkness as he slipped the cloth over her eyes and tied it, leaving her helplessly bound and blinded, as he removed himself from the bed, leaving her alone.

***

A few minutes later, she feels his hands on her legs, warm and soft, stroking them softly and moving up towards her most intimate region. However, he bypasses the place that longs for his touch, instead moving up to her neck, this time not using his hands at all, as she feels his lips and tongue begin to trace a path down her neck, across her chest, taking first one then the other nipple into his mouth and sucking it briefly before continuing his path of kisses down her stomach, ending at her belly button. 

Once again, her torment is increased as he removes his lips and pauses briefly before she feels his hand once again stroking her inner thighs, before slipping inside of her panties and stroking the soft heat he finds there. Hearing his small intake of breath when he realizes that she is completely bare there, she smiles, which quickly turns into a low groan of desire as he thrusts a finger deep inside of her, causing her to spasm around his finger and arch up slightly, trying to get more of the incredible sensation. 

She feels a weight on the bed near her head, then senses his heat near her face, and turns toward it, leaning in with her head till she can lick the hardness that she so wants inside of her body. He moves forward, enabling her to take him into her mouth, licking and sucking and stroking him with her lips and tongue, taking as much of his length into her mouth as possible with each movement of her head, as he continues to use his fingers to stroke and tease her pussy. 

He pulls away, causing her to whimper softly at the removal of their toys and pleasure. 

Suddenly, her legs are untied and she can feel her panties being slipped down her legs and removed, and his mouth descends down onto the most intimate part of her, his tongue licking and flicking and his lips sucking, causing her to cry out loudly in surprise and pleasure at the sudden sensation. As quickly as it arrived, his mouth leaves her body, only to be replaced by his cock as he thrusts deeply into her, her wet heat enveloping him, her body squeezing him tight inside of her.

Laying his body against hers, she feels her arms being released and her blindfold being removed, and she gazes up into his eyes as she wraps her arms around his neck and pulls him down for a hot kiss, full of desire.

"Please....don't stop. I need you, luv. Take me...I'm all yours." She pants as she writhes underneath him. He hasn't moved since he removed her bindings, and she can't take the waiting any longer. Wrapping her legs around him, she pleads with her eyes and words to be taken now, the teasing has gone on long enough.

Giving into the seduction of her eyes, he leans back and pulls her legs up over his shoulders, as he starts to thrust again. In and out...deeper and deeper...picking up his pace with each thrust, as she meets his thrusts with ones of her own, wanting him as deep and hard inside of her as she can possibly get him.

Her breathing coming faster and faster, her moans now loader and almost constant, she strokes her hands over her belly and breasts, pinching her nipples and holding them together as her body gives in to all the sensations that have been built up in her, and she arches up against him one more time, her pussy spasming around the length of him thrust inside of her, as her orgasm crashes through her and her cry of pleasure rings through the room.

Her climax spurs his own, and as he feels her start to tremble, he thrusts a few more times before stopping, pressed as deeply into her as humanly possible, as he gives in and comes inside of her, crying out hoarsely as he fills her with himself, letting her powerful muscles milk him dry.

He collapses on top of her, and she languidly strokes his shoulders and back as she revels in the afterglow of the most powerful climax she'd ever experienced. As he leans up a bit to kiss her sweetly on the lips, she sighs contentedly, then whispers in his ear.

"After a performance like that...I'm not sure I'm ever going to let you go back to Australia, my love."

Smiling at her words, he returned "well, then, I guess I'll just consider myself kidnapped."