 His knock sounded the hotel room door causing her to jump. She took a deep breath and reached for the door, opening it up to a pair of eyes that could see into her soul. 

He smiled at her, "I've missed you", He said. He reached for her and hugged her with all his strength. 

"I've missed you too", she replied. She took him by the hand and led him over to the bed where she sat down. 

She looked at him, trying to memorize all of him. She didn't want to forget a single moment of the time they shared together. He sat down next to her and touched her face. 

"Why do we wait so long to be with each other?" He leaned over and touched his lips to hers, just a whisper of a touch. She reached her arms up and looped them around his neck, dragging him in deeper. She needed more of him. His touch, his smell, intoxicated her. She wanted everything and anything he could give her, if only for the night.

He ran his tongue along her lips, silently begging her to let him enter her mouth. When she did, he thrust his tongue into her mouth, dueling with hers. She moaned at the first contact. It felt so right. She ran her hands down his face, to his neck, feeling the muscles there. 

He pushed her back unto the bed, leaning on his arms trying to protect from his weight. She moaned for more of his touch. He ran his hands down her chest, reaching for her breasts, pinching her nipples through her shirt and bra, making her wet. 

He leaned back looking into her eyes, silently asking her permission to touch her. She reached for his hands and placed them under her shirt, giving both of them what they wanted.

He quickly pulled off her shirt and undid her bra and stared down at her. "Your so beautiful", he breathed into her ear. He ran the tip of his tongue around the shell of her ear, causing her to gasp. He cupped her breasts in both hands, gently squeezing her. She grabbed the edge of his shirt and tore it over his head, desperate to feel his body against hers.

She gasped when he laid his chest onto hers. The feel of it, exciting her more than she remembered. She kissed and nipped on his neck, moaning at the taste of him. He reached down and unzipped her pants, pulling them off as fast as he could. He quickly shed the rest of his clothes and laid down next to her. She turned towards him, looking at him, taking in every muscle, every shape of his body. 

"Make love to me," she begged him. He grabbed her and forced her over on her tummy and ran his hands down her back grabbing her legs and forcing her into position. He sat up on his knees and grabbed his cock, running it along her opening, teasing her with the feel of him. 

He positioned himself at the opening of her pussy and whispered into her ear, "Tell me what you want". 

She bucked forward and cried out. "Please don't make me say it! Please!" He arms were shaking. Her nipples were hard and her pussy was clenching in anticipation. He pulled his penis back so she could no longer feel him. 

"You have to tell me what you want." He kept running his hands around her thighs and tummy but wouldn't touch her on the one spot that would stop the ache. She kept whimpering, moaning for him to stop teasing her. 

"Please, take me!" She ground out.

"Take you how?" He countered. 

Reaching up and pinching her nipples, causing her to arch her back. He could she her pussy glistening, and knew she wouldn't last much longer with the torment he was giving her. He lightly ran his fingertips down her sides and across her thighs. He kissed her neck and her back, leaving a trail of moisture. 

"Take me fast and hard! We can go slow another time, I need you!" She cried out. He grabbed his penis and found her entrance and as he grabbed her hips to steady her, plunged into her in one solid, long thrust. She bucked back against him crying out.

"Please, don't go slow!" He pulled himself out to the entrance of her pussy and quickly slammed himself into her again and again.

He reached around and found her clit, moist and throbbing. He gently flicked it causing her to arch her back and moan out his name. He kept up his relentless pumping into her pussy. In and out, in and out, faster and harder, slamming into her as hard as he could. He could feel her pussy muscles clench around his hard penis, making him groan. 

"Don't do that, you'll make me cum before I'm ready". He reached up to her breasts and massaged them, working his way towards her nipples. He gently tweaked on them, causing her to shudder.

"Yes, like that! More, I need more!" She moaned.

He squeezed her nipples harder and felt the beginning of her orgasm hit her. 

"Oh God, Yes! I'm cumming, I'm cumming!!!" He felt the first spasms of her orgasm and grabbed onto her hips to pump into her pussy faster. He felt his climax coming and couldn't hold back. 

He drove into her as fast as he could letting his climax rip through him. She felt him empty himself into her, once, twice, three times, feeling his cum hit her walls. 

She collapsed onto the bed, with him laying next to her. She didn't have the energy to open her eyes, but her smile told him everything was right. She reached for him, placing her hand on his heart. "Thank you", she said finally looking at him. He pulled her closer to him and she laid her head on his shoulder, closing her eyes. 

"I just want to stay like this for a few minutes. I don't want this to end." She said. He pulled the blankets up over them and reached for the light. 

"We will. I'm yours for the night." She smiled at him, thinking about what she was going to do to him next.