 I pouted as I walked over to where you were lounging on the couch after a long day at work. You could just tell by the look on my face that I was craving attention. I got this way every once in a while, and you knew it was coming. I have these moods where I'm practically insatiable in bed and want to do nothing more than whore all of your attention and occasionally fuck like animals. As I looked down at you with the saddest blue eyes you sighed, though with a good natured smile, just knowing that I was going to get my way whether you were tired or not. Your eyes traveled down my lithe body, curved in all the right places, filled in just the right way, weak and vulnerable, yielding and sexy and young. I was only twenty years old and although there was a slight gap between our ages, we both understood that age was just a number.

You smirked as you noted that I wasn't exactly dressed to kill. It wasn't that I let myself go ever since we settled in together. It was just a mutual understanding between us. Sometimes you found me in my PJs down-to-earth and sexy in its own way. Sometimes I would get down on my knees and suck you off right from work before you could grab a shower because I found a hard-working man sexy and deserving of some special attention. I wore a little tank top and a pair of old boxers I gave you for your birthday a while back, but ended up taking for myself. You insisted the smiley faces printed all over them suited me better, anyway. I was your little sunshine. You were my little grouchy pants. Only now I was pouty and all you wanted to do was make me happy.

"Come here, baby," you mumbled in that tired, grainy voice of yours, opening your arms up towards me. I smiled and climbed on top of you, straddling your waist and laying on top of you, curled up a bit so that my head rested on your chest. Your fingers combed through my soft hair and you placed the lightest of kisses on the top of my head. "What's wrong, sweetie?" you asked as if you didn't know.

I looked up at you and put on my best pout again. "I just want you to pay attention to me."

You chuckled at my priceless expression and kissed the tip of my nose. "I figured," you said as your hand caressed my back and quickly found its way to my little, round ass and gave it a playful squeeze. I squirmed a little and giggled, but didn't bother to swat your hand away. Instead I looked down and let my hand snake over a slight bulge in your pants. You hissed only slightly and put your hand over mine. "Mmm... baby, not now. I'm really tired."

I looked up, my full, pink lips contorting into a pout again. I knew you had to work long hours that week and it was really taking a toll on you, but I really needed this, so I shook your hand away and continued to stroke you through your pants. "But don't you want to fuck me?"

"Of course I do, baby," you reassured me as I undid your pants and slowly inched down the zipper. "But... mmm..." You were silenced as I quickly found your cock and wrapped my hand around it, giving it a few slow strokes. You loved the attention to your cock, but you weren't ready to give in yet, and I knew it. It was time to play dirty.

"Don't you want my hot little mouth on your cock, baby?" You groaned uncomfortably as I slid down until my face was level with your cock. "Don't you want me to suck your cock and play with your balls? You want to fuck my little throat and cum in my mouth, don't you?" I inched your pants down over your hips as I spoke, breathing on your semi-erect cock. You couldn't help but let out a moan, knowing that all you wanted was to fuck my mouth until my jaw was worn out. "Baby?" My soft lips barely grazed your cock in a teasing kiss and you jerked from the gentle but effective sexual torture.

You clenched your jaw as your resolve quickly melted away and your hand moved to the back of my head to guide me closer to your cock. "Go ahead, sweetie."

I gave you a wicked smile before sliding down off of you and got on my knees on the carpet, licking my lips as I looked down at your delicious cock. You groaned in anticipation as I kissed the head of your cock so lightly and innocently that you were ready to grab me by my hair and force your cock down my throat, but somehow you managed to hold back and your patience paid off. I opened my mouth and suckled on the head of your cock like it was a lollipop, my tongue slipping on the underside and working it a bit, getting you harder by the second. I grinned a bit as I let the rest of your cock slowly ease into my hot, wet mouth, sucking harder as I went along to let it all in. You felt the restrain of my throat's natural gag reflex for a moment before you slipped in and you were in heaven. You let out something like a cross between a groan and a moan of ecstasy, bucking your hips up so that my lips were wrapped around the base of your cock. I sucked hard, moaning a bit to cause vibrations to filter up along your cock before I pulled my head back, tossing my hair to one side before I slid back down so that you could watch every inch of your hard cock disappearing into my young mouth. Your moans were coming more frequently as I started to bob my head up and down your shaft, making sucking and smacking sounds as you thrusted a little up to my mouth.

With your cock nice and hard, I pulled away and let your cock pop out of my mouth. You almost growled in frustration as I smiled impishly up at you. I looked back at your cock and noted the smallest bit of pre-cum at the tip. I was quick to lick it up greedily. "Yum... does my baby want to cum in my mouth?"

"Yes," you grumbled, again fighting the urge to savagely fuck my face.

"Then stand up and fuck my mouth," I said, crawling backwards. You did a double take, as if you might have misheard, but a moment later you didn't waste your time. You were on your feet, hands behind my head, guiding me to your cock. I grinned and opened my mouth up for you and you entered my wet little mouth. You moaned again as your cock slid into my throat and began to slide in and out of my suckling mouth.

I closed my eyes and sighed as you had your way with my mouth, though I was instantly brought to attention when your hand slipped down into my tank top and found a breast, roughly mashing it in your hand, your thumb flickering over my tits. I whimpered at first at the unusual attention while I was giving you oral pleasure, but I didn't pull away. In fact, I let out a low moan as you continued to drive in and out of my mouth.

My tongue started to twirl around the very tip of your cock, working it and sucking harder and harder. I gave the lightest, playful nibbles on your rock hard shaft, which sent you over the edge. You were panting hard. "Aww, fuck, baby. Nngh. I'm gonna cum in your sweet little mouth. Ah..." You slammed into my throat one last time and let out a deep moan as the first spurt of warm cum coated my throat. Your cock twitched as a few more streams of your salty cum drained out into my eager mouth and I swallowed it all up, working my mouth lazily down your shaft to clean it up of any stray cum before letting it pop back out of my mouth.

You worked your fingers through my hair as I licked my lips and smiled, looking up at you. "God, baby, you know just how to get me off."

I began to stand and shrugged it off. "Practice makes perfect and you've given me plenty of practice."

"I'm just sorry I didn't have a bigger load for you to take," you said apologetically. You knew how much big loads turned me on to no end.

I wrapped my arms around your neck and grinned. "Maybe next time?"

"Right," you replied, nodding. "Now," you started, your hands sliding down to the back of my thighs, "time for me to take care of you." You gathered my little body up in your arms effortlessly, laying me gently down on the couch. I giggled as you eagerly pulled my shirt up over my head and pulled down those silly smiley face boxers, tossing them aside. You climbed on top of me and instantly devoured my breasts, making me sigh and smile. I rubbed your shoulders as your tongue slid over an already semi-pert nipple and nipped at it gently, which caused me to whine and pout down at you. You just smiled your devilish grin and place kisses along the valley between my breasts until you reached the other nipple, suckling it as your fingertips played with the other. I closed my eyes as your gentle ministrations drew various sighs and soft moans from me. I only opened my eyes when you started to kiss and nip your way down from my breasts and over my flat tummy.

"Hey," I said with a giggle, "where do you think you're going?"

You licked around my belly button and grinned. "I'm going to lick your pussy, sweetie." You kissed my mound teasingly, which caused me to take a sharp little intake of breath. Still, I looked down at you with wide, confused eyes.

"You're going to do what?" It had been a while since you've done anything like that. It wasn't that you weren't caring or considerate. I just didn't insist on it because I got wet enough just hearing to your moans when I sucked on your cock.

You didn't bother to reply and simply slipped a finger into the moist folds of my young pussy, moving it around as if testing the waters. "Wow," you said while I squirmed a little from your teasing finger, "I forgot how wet you get so easily." You bent down to lick my little clit, which caused me to hiss and grab at your hair. You smirked and decided to detract your attention from my clit for the time being and directed your tongue down along my vertical lips, licking up the wetness along my slit.

"Mm," I managed between moans, "Baby, you don't have to."

"I want to," you murmured before your tongue delved into my pussy, wriggling into my slick entrance. I hissed and whined again, but managed to keep my hips grounded as your tongue worked into me like a little, wiggling cock, sliding in and out with a steady rhythm. I let out a long, low moan of ecstasy. There was nothing that could describe the sensation of your tongue swirling in my steaming slit that made me squirm uncontrollably. You held my hips firmly but gently and raised your head, licking my pussy juice off of your lips. "God, I forgot how sweet you taste, too."

My only reply was soft whimpering and an uncomfortable squirming. You could read my signs. I desperately needed to cum. So, your attentions finally returned to my sensitive clit and you sucked hard on the little nub. I gasped and jumped, convulsively pressing your face deeper into my pussy. You smiled a little as you nibbled on my clit, then took two fingers, sliding them into the moist folds of my pussy, pumping through the pulsating walls. I was moaning louder with each passing second, my head thrown back in pure ecstasy.

"Oh, baby," I managed somehow, "Please don't stop... ah.... oh, make me cum. Please."

You didn't need to be told. You loved to watch me cum, my erotic squirming and sexy moans got you hard all over again and suddenly my body seized up and began to shudder uncontrollably. "Mmm! Oh fuck, baby! I'm coming! I'm commm--"

All at once, I began to buck wildly as my pussy juices began to flow freely around your fingers and I could only mewl contently as you slid your fingers out of my pussy and began to lick them clean. "Mmm... my baby's so sweet. I could eat you up," you teased with a grin before you grabbed my thighs and forced them apart, your mouth barring down on my twitching, glistening pussy, slurping up my juices greedily, causing me to groan vaguely. The aftershocks of my intensive orgasm were prolonged from your desperate ministrations on my young pussy before you pulled away, your lips slick with my pussy juice. You crawled up my body, holding my face in your hands, and our lips met in a passionate embrace. I could taste my own pussy and somehow it's all too erotic for words.

You grinned against my lips and started to place light kisses along my jaw line to my ear, suckling my ear lobe and nibbling on it before you made a sort of beeline of kisses down my neck, which made me giggle. You could be so cute sometimes. I smiled down at you and rubbed your shoulders as your kisses trailed down to my breasts, your mouth clamping on my right breast, sucking hungrily. I took note of your deliberate grinding against my thigh, your cock growing harder.

I whined and pouted. "Don't tease me, baby."

Your teeth brushed against my nipple as you grinned that cheeky little grin of yours. "Who's teasing?" you asked innocently, rotating your hips against my thigh. "What's wrong, honey? Do you want something?"

You wanted me to say it. Alright, I'd say it. "I want you to fuck me, sweetie."

"Oh, do you?" You continued to torture me, your cock grinding closer and closer to my pussy. You wanted more.

"Mmhmm," I started, a bit distracted. "I want to feel your big cock in my tight little pussy. I want you to fuck my pussy raw, make me scream when you fill up my steaming, little pussy with your cum."

You nibbled on my nipple and growl from my dirty talk. That's all you need. You positioned your hard rod against my aching pussy and I eagerly pushed up on you, but you pulled away, causing me to whimper desperately. You dipped back down carefully, rubbing the head of your cock along my moist slit. I started to groan, though I tried not to instinctively buck my hips, because I knew you'd just retreat again, and my patience paid off. Just when I was about to lose it, you slipped just the head of your cock into my waiting pussy, causing me to moan softly. You applied pressure steadily, letting me feel every inch of you stretch my tight pussy.

"Please," I whimper.

"Shh, baby," you murmur into my ear. "Good things come to those who wait for it." But I could hear a wavering in your voice. You wanted it as bad as I did. You just wanted to drive me crazy first. God, I love you.

I began to grind my teeth in anticipation, clawing at the couch cushions as you filled me to capacity, then withdrew and slid back in again, a bit faster this time. This was torture. I knew you intended on dragging out my next orgasm, making me beg for it, so I played along. "Baby, I need you to fuck me. Fuck me harder."

You smirked and pulled back, almost completely out of me and this caused a look of horror to appear on my face for only a second before you rammed into me with all of the force you could, your balls slapping against my perfect little ass. My back arched and I threw my head back, reveling in the sweet force of your thrust. "Better?"

Your only reply was a moan as I squirmed beneath you. Again, you read my signs. I wanted more. I needed more. You summoned up all of the energy that you had and started to drill away savagely at my sensitive little pussy. Your voice was so deep and guttural that it almost sounds demonic as you spoke into my ear. "Yeah, you like that, don't you? You like me using your hot little pussy like this, don't you? Do you like being my little slut? You're such a good little cum slut."

You knew I loved to be your little slut. I liked how you kept me on my toes and just took me whenever you wanted me. I did feel like your fuck slave, your little cum slut, and I liked it. I moaned and whined, my hips instinctively bucking against your thrusts, making our fucking all the more intense. Then, somehow, with all of the control you still possessed, you stopped your wild assault on my throbbing pussy, half way out.

I looked up at you, bewildered and frustrated. I don't know why you stopped. "Baby?" You grinned and grabbed my hips, slamming into me so hard that I jerked back on the couch a few inches, and laughed. You were teasing me again.

"You're horrible... horr-- or-- ah!" I couldn't make an intelligible retort at that point, moaning and thrashing around beneath your powerful thrusts. I could hear you panting and feel you tensing. You're building up another load for me. I felt your lips coming down on mine to muffle my desperate moans as you rowed in and out of my perfect little body, wanting to make me cum more than anything, and you soon got your wish.

I pulled away from your mouth to throw my head back, screaming and growling into my next, even more intense orgasm. My pussy clenched around your cock, eagerly milking you for your cum. You moaned desperately as you struggled to work through the vice grip of my pulsing, slick pussy, wanting to feel this way as long as possible, but that was only for a few more thrusts. You let out an animalistic cry, drilling into me mercilessly as your cum spewed from your cock into my throbbing pussy.

"Yes... yes, that's it... take it like the little whore you are. Take all of my cum. That's it. Fuck yeah... that's a good girl. Mm... such a good little slut," you growl into my ear, making me smile. Amazing how just a little bit of dirty talk can go such a very long way.