 Chapter Eight Htting For The Cycle

"I looooove that story. You know how much I enjoy having you in my control and satisfying you slowly."

"Yes, I know that. In fact, you'd probably do it even more slowly than my story."

You grin. "Yes, I probably wouldn't let you cum just yet, although I really like the idea of you shooting between my oily breasts."

"And so do I. Your breasts are so soft and warm."

"So you like that better than my mouth or my pussy?"

"Oh no, sweetie, but it's a very nice variation. No, your mouth and your pussy are my preferred locations. And your ass, too. In fact, my next fantasy combines them together. It's sort of a baseball analogy but this is a fantasy where I am very much in control, just using your body."

"What do you mean by that? You know I kinda like that idea – you using my body. Is this like the birthday present, I'm yours to be used however you wish?"

"Well, you know what they call it in baseball when you hit a single, a double, a triple and a homerun?"

"Hitting for the cycle, right."

"Right. So what would you call it if I came first in your mouth, then in your pussy and finally in your ass?"

"One heckuva good game. Play ball!"

-----

I haven't been in your house two minutes and already we're on the living room couch clutching in writhing passion. You're sitting on my lap, your legs straddling mine. Our lips are locked. Our tongues are dancing. My hands grip the cheeks of your buttocks through your jeans as your pelvis rubs across my hardening cock.

"Oh gawd, I'm horny for you sweetie," I moan between French kisses. "It's been too long."

I'm also undoing the buttons of your shirt as we kiss so I can reach in to fondle your breasts. And when I finally have a bare one in my hand I run my lips down your neck and over your chest to capture a taut little nipple between my teeth. I bite gently and you moan. 

All the buttons are open now. You slip the shirt off and my mouth moves to the other nipple while my hand fondles the opposite breast.

Your hands are busy, too. You unfasten my belt and unhook the clasp of my trousers. You kneel on the floor between my legs and pull my pants and jockey shorts to my knees, exposing my very erect cock. A drop of pre-cum is already oozing from the little crack at the top.

"You are horny, aren't you?" you say, slowly stroking the shaft. You bend over it, swirling the drop of pre-cum away with your tongue. Then you take me deep into your warm, wet mouth. I feel your tongue slide along the outside of the shaft as it slips down your throat, then feel your teeth lightly rake against the inside of the shaft as you pull away.

I shudder and groan with anticipation as I watch my cock, now glistening with your saliva, move in and out of your mouth.

You pause, looking up at me. "So where do you want to cum? In my mouth or in my pussy."

"Everywhere, sweetie. I want to cum everywhere."

"Everywhere?" For a moment you look puzzled. Then you smile. "Everywhere, eh. Starting here, I suppose."

With that you take me deep into your mouth again. I feel your tongue wrap around the head of my cock as your hand begins to stroke the slippery shaft. A few moments later, almost before I could warn you, I cum with an explosive burst in your mouth.

You continue to gently suck me until the spasms of my orgasm stop and my cock begins to soften. "You were horny, weren't you?"

"Sweetie, I'm still horny for you. I need a shower now and then I'm going to do it again."

"You mean you want me to give you another blow job?"

"No, I mean I want to fuck that wet little pussy of yours."

"Well, then, you'd better get in the shower."

You head to the bathroom to start the water while I go into the bedroom to strip. When I join you you're already naked and in the shower. I snuggle in behind you, my semi-flaccid cock riding in the crack of your ass as my hands play with your full breasts which you've already soaped up. You lean back against me, head turned so my lips can reach yours. As our tongues touch my hand finds your pussy, brushes across your clit and dips into your silky vagina.

For the next five minutes or so as the warm water spills over us we kiss and stroke and soap each other until every orifice is squeaky clean and lubricated and my cock is hard. When you feel it in the crack of your ass this time you bend over, hands braced against the end of the tub, water splashing off your back and I enter your pussy from behind. You are wet and hot, in prime fucking condition, but your skin is so slippery I can't keep my balance.

You shut off the water and we get out of the tub, grab two big bath towels and without even bothering to dry ourselves off head for the bedroom. Half wrapped in the towel you sprawl on your back on the bed, legs spread wide. I drop my towel and fall on top of you. In an easy stroke my cock finds the entrance to your womb and I drive it home and deep. You groan and wrap your legs around me.

"Fuck me, baby," you say, "Fuck me hard."

And so I do. I ram my cock into your pussy with long strokes, over and over and over. And when we tire of that position I pull you down the bed, lift your legs onto my shoulders and stuff my cock into your pussy again. I brace my feet against the end of the bed for maximum thrust and now I can really push and pound.

Bit by bit I ease myself toward a second orgasm. And when I pant that I'm just about ready you are already twitching and shaking yourself. 

"Give it to me," you cry in my ear. "Give me your cum, baby, give it to me."

And with a final hard thrust I do, spurting my seed deep in your pussy just as you begin to shudder with your own orgasm. I collapse, sweaty and breathless, on top of you.

"Oh gawd," I say at length, rolling off you but still puffing. "That was fantastic."

"Are you finished now?"

"No, I want to cum once more."

"Do you think you can?"

"Not just yet. But soon, if you help me get ready."

"Oh, I'd love to help. And where do you want to cum this time?"

"Right here," I say, giving your ass a little smack.

Quite obviously, though, that isn't going to happen for at least a little while. So while my cock recuperates I put my mouth to work on your body, working over your breasts, belly and thighs before finding that sweet spot between your legs. After two very noisy, shuddering orgasms you move on top of me into the sixty-nine position so you can give some oral attention to my cock as I continue to lick your pussy and upward to your anus. As I shove the tip of my tongue deep into your tight little back-end hole my cock jerks and hardens in your mouth. I'm feeling ready.

You must feel it, too, because you roll off me and reach for the tube of KY jelly. You squeeze a large gob onto your hand and coat the length of my cock. 

"How do you want to do it?"

"I want to take you from behind," I respond.

"Oh yes, sweetie, take me that way."

You kneel on the bed, head on the sheet and ass high in the air. As I move in behind you, you reach between your legs for my cock and guide it to your nether opening. It's very tight and I have to push to get the head past your sphincter muscles.

"Wait, wait," you caution. And then, once you're used to this violation, you ease back toward me so my cock slowly slides into your ass. When it's all the way in we pause again. You start the motion, just little back and forth movements at first. Then I catch your tempo and bit by bit the length of each stroke is extended until I am pistoning in and out of your ass.

Anal sex is never as good as vaginal sex or oral sex but I want to hit for the cycle so I'm driven by this desire to cum in your ass. I hear you encouraging me to "give it to you, harder, baby, harder. Cum in my ass."

What's a guy to do but do what he's told. I haven't much left but there's enough to make one good squirt and that one pulses deep into your bowels.

Yes, yes, yes, I should say as I dance around the bases. But I'm too exhausted for that. Instead I collapse on top of you with a very silly but satisfied grin on my face.