 I awoke a few minutes later to Linda gently stroking my cock.

"I meant what I said earlier", she whispered when I opened my eyes. "I want your cock in my ass, and I don't want to wait until tomorrow night after we get off work."

She then proceeded to stick her tongue down my throat to show me he meant business. Between the kiss and her playing with me, I was awake in no time.

"Good, you're up, and it looks like he is, too," she said, giving me a squeeze. She began to lick my nipples, occasionally biting gently, then kissed her way across my stomach, down the length of my cock, where she promptly took about half of me in her hot mouth and gave me a slow tongue bath. I moved around in the bed until we lay side by side so I could return the favor. She let out a soft moan as I ran my tongue up and down her lips. We continued our "midnight snack" for a few minutes, our moans becoming louder as the tempo, and our passions, increased.

Linda suddenly pulled away, straddled me, and guided my swollen cock into her dripping wet vagina. "Ohhhhhhh, yesssss!" she murmured. She pushed down until I was completely inside, the leaned over and kissed me, slowly rocking from side to side. She broke the kiss and gazed at me lustfully. "Okay, I think he's slick enough. Now, fuck my ass, but take it slow, okay. That monster of yours is gonna hurt."

I moved out from beneath her and knelt behind her. She turned her head so I could kiss her as I cupped her breasts in my hands, rolling her nipples between my thumbs and fingers. She pressed her butt against me and wiggled it, as if to say "hurry up". I pushed her forward, so that she was on her knees, her head lay on the pillows, and her virgin butt offering itself up to me. I grabbed my cock with one hand, and gently holding her hip with my other, I pushed against her tight little hole. Slowly, I pushed the head in, until I felt her sphincter wrap around my shaft just below the head. God, what an incredible feeling! It was so tight! I'd never had a pussy grab me like that!

"Uunnnhhhhhh! Hold it! I can't take more just yet," she cried. I took her right arm, and gently guided it under her, until our hands were on her mound. "Play with yourself, it'll help you relax a little." I began to gently stoke her clit, my fingers guiding her, and I felt the tightness ease as she began to stoke herself. I reached up and fondled her breast gently, while I tensed and released my crotch muscles to make my cock twitch inside her.

"Better?" I asked.

"Yes. Oh Jesus, It's so big, and it hurts a little, but it feels so good, too. Give me a little more."

I pushed my cock in about another inch, trying hard to restrain myself from burying myself in her incredible ass. I slowly pulled back a little, eliciting another moan of pleasure, then pushed back in some more, working my way in until my groin and her cheeks were mashed together.

"I can't believe I took you," she gasped.

"Like it?"

"God, I love it! You filled me up before, but this feels so different, and sooo GOOD".

I began to slowly fuck her, pulling my cock almost out, then forcing it all the way in again, as Linda began to push back against my thrusts eagerly, out pace increasing with our mounting passions. I pulled her up by the shoulders so I could kiss her neck, her ears, turn her head so our mouths could meet, our tongues lashing against each other, trying to force our way into the other's mouth, all the while our hips continuing their dance of lust. I pulled her fingers away from her bush and brought them to her lips. She eagerly licked her juices from her finger tips, her moaning increasing. I'd never had a lover this loud before, but I was loving it. As her moans increased, so did the force of my thrusting into her, which made her moan louder, an ever-increasing spiral of passion. She reached down and stroked herself, then offered me a taste of her fingers before licking the other's clean herself.

"You like the way you taste?"

"Yeah!"

"Ever tried it before?"

"No, but I like it. Oohhhh."

The sight of her licking her juices from her fingers was making me hotter than ever, and I thrust into her as hard as I could, making her gasp in pain/pleasure, our breathing louder and more rapid, the sound of my hips slapping against her cheeks, the bedsprings squeaking (Wonder what my neighbors think, and why would I care?), both of us moaning and groaning in pleasure, our only focus our building climaxes. My cock pistoning in and out of her savagely, the incredible tightness of her squeezing me, her tunnel so unbelievably hot and getting hotter! 

I lifted her up by her hips so that she was supported only by my hands and my cock, then pushed into her as far as I could, impaling her as I help her tightly, her hands reaching back to grab my hips, nails digging into my cheeks as she tried to force me deeper, crying out in a mutual release as her orgasm hit the same time I exploded inside her, a brilliant light exploding inside my head, pulsing inside her as my cum continued to fill her, then falling sideways across the bed, still locked in our passionate embrace, neither willing to let go as our breathing slowed, our pounding hearts coming back to normal, lost in the incredible feeling of perfect-ness of the moment...

My cock softened and slipped out, trailing a thread of cum. I reached up to turn her face to me and felt a tear running down her cheek.

"You okay, baby? I hope I didn't hurt you, I just got carried away."

"No, I'm fine. I mean, I feel like you split me in half, but it was incredible! I've never cried with an orgasm but that was so, so, Oh God that was great!" she giggled.

We held each other for a moment, then I took her hand and gently pulled her in the direction of the bathroom. We turned on the shower and stood together, gently soaping each other, occasionally kissing gently.

"So, now that you gave me my fantasy, what's your's" she asked with an impish grin.

"Okay, I'll confess. The same thing every guy dreams about--having sex with 2 girls at once. Not very original, but I've always wanted to try it."

"You mean you fucking both girls, or watching 2 girls fuck and joining in?"

"Wellll...Why? you got something in mind?"

"Yeah..I've wondered what it would be like to be with another woman, and if she's half as good with tongue as you it'll be incredible!"

"Mind if I take pictures? The sight of you and another woman...man, that would be unreal!!"

"I want you to take my picture, but I get to take some of you, too. Now that I met you I don't want you leaving my life. I wanna have something to look at while I play with myself!

"Fine, but who's the other lady gonna be. You got anybody in mind?"

"No, I've always pictured it being a total stranger, no names, just..sex. You know somebody?"

"Yeah, I just might." But that part of the story comes later...