 Chapter Three But I Really Have To Go!

"Wow, that was quite a workout. Do you really think you could do it?"

"I don't know, but I'm sure willing to try."

"With me, of course."

"Sweetie, no one gets me off the way you do. I wouldn't think of trying it with anyone else, even for science."

"So are all your fantasies about oral sex?"

"Oh no, although I think you've spoiled me. I love how you suck me so it stands to reason that figures in lots of my fantasies. However, this next fantasy is straight sex. A quickie. It's something we've done scores of times but I still get a rush thinking about us doing it really fast and furiously in certain situations."

"Such as?"

"Like here for instance. Slip into the ladies bathroom, lift your skirt and ram it in."

"You know I'd like that. We could do it, you know."

"It's a bit too public here, although the fantasy I have in mind was sort of like that, too."

"I thought you didn't like quickies anyway."

"Well, I don't – or at least I said I didn't," I reply. "But I notice whenever I masturbate the scenario I think about is usually some version of a quickie."

"And am I in your fantasies when you masturbate?"

"Of course, sweetie, you're in all of them. Or maybe that should be I'm in you in all of them. And I'm in you in this one, too."

"Well I think I rather like that. So let's hear your story."

-----

We've been apart for more than a month, but finally we're getting together in a hotel in the city. It's been a sexually frustrating 30 days, filled only by several sessions of jacking off with a soapy hand in the shower as I conjure up a mental picture of you, naked and beautiful, and two very intense episodes of telephone sex, with you naked and horny on your bed and me, also naked and also horny on my bed far away, talking each other into a masturbating frenzy. Gawd, I love doing that with you.

Anyway that's behind us and we have two days of blissful togetherness. And if I have my way, the first 24 hours are going to be spent in bed.

It's early afternoon and I'm sitting in the lobby bar when you finally arrive with a huge grin, our bulging bag of toys and a small suitcase.

"Hi, hon," you say as we embrace. "Have you been waiting long?"

"No, I just got here a few minutes ago myself."

"Should we go and check in. I'm kind of anxious to get naked with you," you say – and I don't think I imagined that little grind your pelvis makes against mine.

"Bad news about that, sweetie. Our room won't be ready until 4 o'clock."

"Oh shoot. What are we going to do for two hours?"

"Well, I've got a newspaper and we could order a drink."

We move to a back corner of the bar and order a pair of martinis from a disinterested waiter who seems to take forever to shuffle back with our drinks. By then we've caught up on whatever bits of trivia we need to share and have moved on to other subjects.

Such as sex.

"What a shame about the room delay. I was looking forward to giving your cock a good licking."

"You mean just to tease it, don't you?" 

"No, no, not this time," you insist. "I figure your balls are just about ready to burst so I thought maybe you needed to get that out of the way first thing."

I look at you suspiciously. Usually when we've been apart for awhile you suck me or fuck me to the brink of an orgasm then stop. I want you to be really ready after dinner, you'll say. Sometimes you do it two or three times until I'm nigh onto exploding.

"Well, my cock is certainly ready for you. I think I had an erection all the way here."

"Good. Do you have one now?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact I do. Would you like to check?"

"Of course," you reply, laughing. I should know better than to dare you like that because now you stand up, shove your chair around the table until it's beside mine and then, after a quick glance around the bar to see if anyone is watching, you slide your hand down the front of my trousers.

"Oooooo, you ARE hard. What a waste."

"And how about you? Are you wet?"

"Oh yes. I think I woke up this morning wet. I checked myself before I left the office at noon, soaking."

"Gawd, I wish I could slide between your thighs right now and taste you. I love licking your pussy when it is soaking wet, running my tongue up and down between your pussy lips, feeling your hard little clit squirm as I lick it."

"Gawd, I wish you would touch me right now. What time did you say our room would be ready?"

"Sometime after 4," I said, looking at my watch. "At least another hour-and-a half."

Your cheeks, I notice, have that telltale light flush and your eyes that excited sparkle.

"Do you suppose anyone would notice if we ducked under the table? That might be rather exciting, don't you think?" 

I'm not sure whether to take this proposal seriously or not. It's total preposterous, true, but you are rubbing my cock through my trousers again which is making it difficult to think straight as strong tingles of pleasure radiate from my balls across my body.

"Sweetie, I don't think you should do that here. It's going to make a helluva mess if I cum in my pants."

"That wouldn't be a very good idea," you smirk. "Think about something else."

"You mean like how I wish you were spread naked on the bed, your legs wrapped around my body as I thrust into your wet pussy?"

"That's a nice image but how is it helping you calm down."

"It isn't," I respond, pushing your hand off my lap as the waiter reappears to ask if we want a second round of martinis.

When he returns a few minutes later I ask for the cheque and you ask for directions to the ladies washroom. I watch you cross the bar and head into the lobby and think to myself how much in love – and right now, how much in lust – I am with this woman.

I pay the bill while you're away, sip my drink and as discreetly as possible re-arrange the angle of my cock in my pants so I can get up to use the washroom when you return. It seems to take you forever but you're grinning like a Cheshire cat when you finally re-enter the bar. More than a few pairs of male eyes follow you as you cross to our table and stand in front of me.

"That took awhile," I observe. "Was the washroom busy?"

"There was no one in the one I used, up on the mezzanine floor." With that you casually toss your panties onto the table in front of me. "Follow me," you say, picking up the toy bag and your suitcase.

I take another quick gulp of my drink and follow you out of the bar, stopping at the door to pick up my own bag. We walk into the lobby and up a flight of stairs to the mezzanine level and a doorway with a small sign that reads "Women".

"Wait here 'til I check," you command. You push open the door, look around and give me the all clear. It's a small bathroom, but very clean and brightly lit with two sinks and three cubicles. I drop my suitcase beside yours and we move quickly to the stall farthest from the door. It's a tiny little space, hardly room for the two of us, but we're too turned on to care.

"Oh gawd I want you inside me," you moan as we kiss, our bodies writhing together.

I unbuckle my belt, drop my pants and push down my boxer shorts. You turn around and bend over the toilet. I raise your skirt and there's your beautiful bare ass and your pussy, just waiting to be taken.

I move in tight behind you and in one swift move drive my cock into your hot, slippery pussy as far as it will go. 

"Ohhhhh," you squeal, and then: "Oh yes, fuck me hard, sweetie, fuck me hard."

I hardly need any encouragement. I am fucking you hard, and fast, and deep – driven by the needy intensity of rapidly approaching orgasm.

"Fuck, I'm going to cum," I pant.

"Give it to me sweetie," you cry. "Give it all to me." And with that I shoot spurt after spurt of creamy cum into your pussy until there's no more to give and I collapse on top of you as you bend over the toilet, gasping for breath.

In the cubical beside us we hear the toilet flush and we're suddenly aware there's someone else in this bathroom. We stifle our giggles as the stranger moves to the sink and then out the door. Then we quickly dress and leave.

Outside the bathroom the mezzanine floor is empty except for a middle-aged woman standing near some pay phones about 25 feet from the bathroom door. She's obviously watching us and we figure she was our mystery guest. We both smile at her as we walk past and back down the stairs to the bar.