 It didn't begin as her other days had for the last two years. Today there was a charge in the air. Since Leigh turned thirty, two weeks ago, she promised herself to loosen up and try new things. She finally got rid of that so-called man in her life, the cheating bastard. She was too good for him anyway, and it was time for a change. She has been taking baby steps, trying to do things to make her feel more alive and sexy. Leigh had a new sense of herself. She felt more alive and vibrant. She started wearing heels, high ones. She even started dressing better, showing more leg and cleavage. She even went out and bought all new sexy underwear. Leigh even started to get those little things done that she had neglected herself for so long. She started out with manicures, then she went to pedicures, and even having herself waxed. She loved the feel of her smooth bare pussy. Sometimes when alone she couldn't seem to keep her hands from caressing her silky lips. Not to mention the way her tiny silk panties felt rubbing against them. 

The people in her office started to notice the changes in her. Leigh had never noticed men looking at her before. Several in fact had. She had often been the hot topic in the men's bathroom. They often wondered what lied beneath those neck high tops, and long shapeless skirts. Now they were finding out what kinds of goodies she was hiding. She was becoming hotter every day. Leigh didn't know it but she was becoming the fantasy woman of her office. Why wouldn't she be, showing those gorgeous long legs on her five foot eight inch frame. Those tiny, tight skirts showing her round, firm ass. More than one man had walked into a wall, or someone else, while watching her bend over exposing the backs of her thighs but little else. Those open v-necks tops, showing ample cleavage from her 38 c breasts. She was a goddess, which they all were afraid to approach. 

Keith had been one of those who had noticed her long before the change. He had often noticed how wonderful she smelled when she sat next to him during different meetings. To him she had a smell of mangos and tangerines. The way she blushed and her eyes lit up, when she smiled. Even the way her forehead crinkled when she was deep in thought. After one long night of preparing a report, he almost couldn't wait to get home and masturbate to the memory of seeing her lips wrapped themselves around a fork. He had almost moaned out loud, when he saw the way she licked sauce from her finger. He knew she was all the woman he could ever want or desire. 

It was lunchtime, and some of the other women went to lunch together. The whole office seem was going to clear out early that day. Leigh stayed behind; she had more work to do. She really didn't feel comfortable in a crowd, and she didn't want to go into that, "no, there is not a new man in my life," story again. Besides, she had dared herself to do something new. She was going to be working late again tonight, so early that morning, she dared herself to go without panties. She just couldn't picture going all day without them, but half a day didn't seem to risqué. Besides, most of the office would be leaving early today, so why not? 

When she got to the ladies room she went into a stall. Leigh wasn't really certain she should do this, but if she were really going to make bold new changes, this would be a big step in her life. A sigh escaped her as she peeled off her silk, black thong, and put them in her purse. "There, I did it," she thought. She was about to walk out and an idea popped into her head.

"What the hell, I might as well live a little more on the dangerous side." With that she took off her matching bra too. She walked out of the stall and looked at herself. Her nipples where starting to poke through the material of her top. "Blazer," she thought. "I have to go and put on my blazer."

Keith had come over to Leigh's office. He knew she stayed in the office during lunch. He knew just about every move she made during the week. This was going to be the day. The day that he asked her out. A little knock on the door and he walked right in. To his surprise, and confusion, she was not there. "Damn," he thought. "Why today of all days? I just got my nerve up. Shit! Her new changes are probably because of some dickhead, and she must be having lunch with him."

As he walked out of her office, in a huff, he noticed something in the corner of his eye and looked up. There she was, walking towards him like she did in so many of his dreams. Something looked so different about her. What was it? That sexy sway of her hips had come when she changed her clothing style. Those legs, so smooth and silky. How many nights had he dreamed of having them wrapped around his back? She was a walking set of curves that was for sure. She had worn her hair down today. Big, bouncy brown curls down past her shoulders. She had started wearing her shirt more open. 

"Oh shit, her nipples...she's not wearing a bra." He mumbled to himself. Keith became hard in an instant. He stood there and watched her walk closer to him, seeing her breast sway back and forth. They made his mouth water. So many daydreams of nibbling and sucking her nipples, until she cried out and begged him to fuck her hard and fast. Keith could feel his chest tighten, as his breathing became more difficult. He felt himself growing hard, and he couldn't help himself. He touched his manhood and let out a moan. 

Leigh was walking down the hall in her own little world loving the feeling of her tits rubbing up against her shirt. Feeling a little draft come up her skirt and move across her pussy. She heard something that jolted her back to reality. It sounded like a moan. When she looked up she saw Keith standing outside of her office. He was staring at her. He was looking directly at her tits, and licking his lips. 

"Oh my gosh! He's squeezing his... hard on." That sent a chill down her spine. She felt the goose bumps on her skin, and moisture between her legs. 

He looked up and saw that she was watching him, watch her. He regained his senses and turned away from her. He tired to close his eyes and think of anything else that would relieve him of the agonizing throbbing in his pants. All he could picture was the sway of her breasts thru her shirt. Those hard thick nipples, reaching out for his touch. That made him want to tear off her shirt and suck her nipples until she squealed with pleasure. 

"Control, I need to get control," he thought to himself. 

"Keith, did you need me for something?" She asked with a slightly shaky voice. "Keith, hey are you ok?"

Keith replied, " Ummm yes, I just started to feel ahh... a little strange."

"Really, well is there anything I can help you take care of?"

Keith couldn't figure out what to do, so he did the only thing he could. He put his hands in front of himself and hoped to conceal his rather large erection. He felt her coming closer behind him. He held his breath, and turned to face her. He thought he could almost smell her arousal. His cock jumped at that thought. What he wouldn't give to fall down on his knees and begin licking and nibbling at her pussy, tasting her nectar. This was not helping his state at all. 

"You know what? I do, did, I did need your help with something, and I’m having a hard time trying to remember what it was. If you will excuse me, I need to go relieve this pressure in my... umm head. Sinuses, I have really bad sinuses. I will see you later." 

With that he took off for the men's bathroom. Leigh stood there with a look of shock and pleasure on her face. She had done that to him. A big smile spread across her face. She started to walk into her office, when she noticed how wet she had become. Her juices were on the top of her thighs, and seeping lower. She turned on her heels and headed back to the bathroom. Just when she was about to enter she thought she heard Keith call out her name. 

"Silly girl, one too many nights without any real action," she thought to herself. 

**********************

Keith sat alone in his apartment, Sunday afternoon, trying to work. It had been a long, horny weekend for him. No matter how hard he tried to get some work done, he seemed to be able to smell her essence. He couldn't keep his mind off of Leigh. He really couldn't believe he call out her name when he started cumming in the bathroom at work. It got even worse when they had to work together later that evening. Because of that, he spent most of his weekend jacking off with her panties wrapped around his dick. 


He had avoided her for most of the day, that Friday after lunch. When he did see her she was wearing a blazer. That thing was a blessing in disguise. That damn meeting he had with her that evening, kept him with a hard on. To top off everything else, he had almost gotten caught with his hands in her cookie jar, so to speak. 

When she came into his office the blazer was gone, and her shirt showed more cleavage. She had everything with her so that when they were done, she could leave. Once when she had to run back to her office to get a file, he was able to readjust himself so that he could get more room in his pants, for his constant erection. Seeing her ass bounce out of that room didn't help at all. What was with her today? What was with him? He had no control over his hormones. Then came his big mistake. Keith was reaching across his desk, to get a report, when he knocked over his pens. He quickly got up to pick them up off the floor. Quite a few had landed around and on her purse. He was down on his knees grabbing them as quick as he could, when he noticed a small black string hanging out of her purse. He knew with out any doubt he shouldn't, but his mind was not thinking clearly. He pulled the little string, and out exploded onto her panties. 

His heart almost stopped. Here he held in his hand something that had been, not just on her body, but between the cheeks of her sexy ass. His eyes glazed over, as he felt them between his fingers. Not even enough material to make an eye patch. How could that cover even an inch of her pussy? This may have been his only chance to ever be this close to her. Keith just didn't have any control left, he couldn't resist. It was as if he went into a trance. He brought them to his nose slowly. Her scent was still on them. That's when he realized it was the same smell he had smelled earlier that day. Leigh was aroused at lunch. She had been wet. If he had, had the nerve to lift up her skirt, he would have found her pussy wet and ready for his tongue. Keith was leaking precum so much that a spot had started to form on his pants. He stuck out his tongue and licks the little crotch of her panties. 

"So good," he thought. He started to suck on her panties as he was breathing in her exciting scent. This may be as close to heaven as he was ever going to get. 

He took out his erection. He began to stroke it, as he tasted her sweetness. This was as hard as he had ever been. He was longer, thicker, and oozed out precum until his whole hand as well as his dick was covered in it. He imagined her lips wrapped around it. Her beautiful honey colored eyes looking up at him, as his dick went deeper down her throat. Her tongue twirling around the head, as she bobbed suck on his shaft. He trembled with the need he felt for her. Keith then saw her ass sticking up in the air. He slid his dick across her lips, feeling her heat, her wetness. Slowly he slid into her. She was tight, hugging every inch of him. He didn't want to make love to her; he wanted to fuck her until she cried out his name, while she came. He saw himself pounding into her, stretching her cunt. His dick slick with her juice. He felt her pussy clenching around his dick. She was going to cum, he knew it. He stuck his thumb in her ass, as he felt his balls begin to tighten. 

"Cum for me!" He commanded. He threw his head back and came hard. Shooting spurt after spurt into her tiny panties. 

"I found it Keith," he heard her saying, from down the hall. 

Snapping back into the real world Keith quickly jumped up, and shoved his cock back in his pants. He got all the pens back in place, and scurried around to sit behind his desk. Keith tried to look as calm as he could. He then remembered her panties. He grabbed her cum soaked panties and slides them down the front of his pants. 

When she came in she looked flushed. Her nipples were harder than before. She had a new gleam in her eye. She seemed to almost... Leigh looked as though she... had...no way, just his imagination, still working over time. Even the scent of her seems to take over the room. 

"Why can't I get her smell out of my head?" He said out loud as he tapped his lucky pen against his face. Her scent seemed to be so strong in his mind. 

************************

Leigh had a long weekend herself. It was Sunday evening, and she couldn't stop herself from thinking about Keith. She could not keep her hands from stroking her pussy almost all weekend. Leigh thought about Friday a lot. She could not believe any of the things she had done, and where on earth had her new panties disappeared? After she got done wiping the juices off her thighs and pussy, she made it back to her office, thinking about what had happened. She knew the Keith found her tits acceptable. 

"Yeah right," she giggled. "He would have ripped off my top and fucked them right there if I gave him the chance." 

Not that it was a bad idea. It was something she thought about quite a bit the last forty-eight hours or so. He had always been attractive to her. Keith was around five foot ten inches, and slim but not skinny, a very strong and athletic physique. Those sexy eyes he has could make a woman lose herself. This light green color, almost transparent and it contrasted against his dark brown hair. More than once this weekend she had pictured her hands full of his hair as he licked her from one orgasm to the next. 

She tried to get some type of work done with him Friday evening at the office, but that was no good. There was so much sexual tension in the air. Leigh saw Keith take peeks at her breasts, when he thought she wasn't paying attention. There was no doubt in her mind that he was hard. He moved around too much trying to get comfortable. Knowing that he wanted her like that drove her wild. Wetness was spreading between her legs like a forest fire, in a dry Texas summer. Leigh needed relief and needed it fast. 

She told Keith that she needed to go back to her office and get a file. She had everything she needed but, he wasn't paying enough attention to the work they were doing to realize that. Leigh hopped right out of her chair and took off. She would bet money he was staring at her ass. She went straight to her office and picked up the first file she could find, then took off for the ladies room. 

When she got in there she sat on the counter, and put the file and a pen next to her. She lifted up her top and began play with her nipples. She pulled and pinched them until they ached. Leigh imagined Keith's teeth pulling, and sucking them. Wrapping his lips around her aching nipples, trying to suck as much of her tit into his mouth as he could. Her right hand then slipped down under her skirt. That no panty idea turned out better for her than she thought. She had lost control. No man has ever made her feel this way. No man had ever made her want to beg to suck his dick. No man made her hunger for a fast hard fuck. Keith did, he did that to her. Two fingers went right into her tight, dripping opening. She imagined him there with her. Holding her legs up in the air, as he feasted on her pussy. His tongue swirling around her clit, then his tongue diving in tasting her succulent cunt. His hands went from her legs to her ass. He spread them and ran his tongue up and down her crack. He devoured her pussy, sucking whatever his lips touched. Damn she wanted this man. 

He rose up and placed her legs up between them. He grabbed her nipples roughly between his fingers. His cock sliding through her pussy lips. She reached down and placed him inside her. He looked into her eyes, his filled with lust, and passion. He started to drive into her slowly, going as deep as he could. He told her how much he wanted this, and how long he had waited for her. How much he needed her. He pumped into her faster and faster. He told her how good she felt squeezing around him, and how hot her pussy was, for him. Telling her to cum for him as he grabbed her hips, and pounded into her. He started to kiss her taking her breath away, as he sank himself into her over and over. His left hand slid between them, and stroked her clit. Gliding across it while she started to tremble. She cried out as she came. Shuddering through one of the best orgasms she has had in a very long time. It took her a couple of minutes to calm down from her high. She had leaked so much juice that she had a big spot on the back of her skirt. 

She felt sexy, brash, and uninhibited. She started to lick some of her own juice off of her fingers, never had she done that before. Then she had a little devilment in her. She took the pen, Keith's pen and smeared some of her juice all over it. She then dried her hands but didn't wash them. She wanted him to smell her scent. She wanted him to lust for her, as she did for him. She walked back to his office. She wondered if she could get away with what she was planning. Would he notice at all, her scent, on his favorite pen? Would he smell her scent on her hand? The come and fuck me look on her face? 

Well it didn't seem as though he noticed any of it that is why she came up with a plan, to get Keith in her life. She didn't know if she would be able to capture his heart, but she knew she would have his dick shoved up one of her holes before the month was out. 

"Hell, maybe if I flash him my ass, he will take me over my desk," she laughed to herself. 

**************************

It was Thursday morning of the following week. Keith was so on edge. So many strange things had happened this past week. Right after the big meeting Monday. Leigh managed to drop her pen in his lap. Without one single word, she put her hand between his legs, grabbed her pen, and ran her hand slowly over his cock. He was sure he felt her hand squeeze him. She didn't blush, or even look at him. She walked out of the boardroom like any other time. Keith thought for a minute that it had not actually happened, that it was just a dream. If it weren’t for his stone hard member in his pants, he would have believed just that. 

Nothing out of the normal happened on Tuesday. Wednesday was a different story; he almost had a heart attack. Leigh smiled at him a lot that whole day. They worked in her office near the end of the day. She had gone to get some papers from another worker, and when she came back in she closed the door. They had never worked with the door closed before. As Leigh walked past him, he noticed again for the hundredth time that day, how much of her thigh he could see with this new little skirt. It hugged her waist, but flared out. It was pleated all the way around. It might as well have been a cheerleader skirt. He wondered what it would be like to have a gust of wind that blew it up. Just then she tripped and dropped all the papers. Just when he was about to ask if she needed any help, she bent over to pick them up. Keith got hard in no time flat. Her legs were open, not wide but just enough, so that when she bent over at the waist you could see everything. Keith didn't notice how long it took her to pick up the papers and he didn't care, not with the view she was giving him. 

Her skirt was half way up her cheeks. He could finally, see her ass. Each cheek was perfect, not one blemish. Smooth, firm, round, and spread open just enough to see the little white string, from her panties lying between them. He noticed the string became wider until it became a small patch that stretched tightly over her mound. The material was thin enough to see through. His pulse quickened and his breath caught in his throat when he saw that she didn't have not one hair. Her whole mound was totally smooth, just the way he liked them. Keith realized he was wrong. Those tiny panties could indeed cover her pussy, damn them. What he wouldn't give to be those panties right now. There she was his woman, in all her glory. She then started pulling down her panties. She begged him to come and taste her, please her. He went up behind her and dropped to his knees. He put his shaky hands on her legs and began to lick her thighs. He licked some of her juice off and he moaned to himself when he tasted her. His tongue started to go higher quickly, lapping at her honey. He was starting to sweat when he heard her call out his name. 
