 I am a 32-year old guy and this is the story of the night my girlfriend Nova and I tried Molly for the first time. It was by far the best night of my life and definitely a night to remember.

I got the Molly from my friend Chris. He tried to find us a very high-quality Molly in crystal form. He put them in six capsules and advised us to take one every two hours.

Prior to that night, Nova and I each had some sexual experiences, but nothing too kinky. We both also had some sexual fantasies which we barely talked about before that night. We were not quite sure what to expect from a night on Molly. We just heard some random things from others and read about it online.

Thursday, April 3rd

"I will let you experience it on your own, I just have a few suggestions," Chris said with a smile "Be open about exploring your sexuality together, anything can happen. Don't worry if you cannot get it hard. Drink a lot of water and empty your bowels beforehand".

"What do you mean by the last comment?" I asked Chris.

"You will know what I mean. Ass play is fun on Molly."

"Ass play? No way. Come on man, give me a bit more information. what is going to happen?"

"You'll see. It's all good. It may also be a good idea to have some orange juice and cigarettes around and Vicks Vapor too".

Chris got up and gave me the pills and left. 

Friday, April 4th

We prepared per Chris's instructions and started with the first pill at 8pm. The fear of the unknown had made us both a bit nervous and I suggested that we go to the bedroom and lay down and listen to some mellow music. Our setting was nice and calming and we soon started to kiss. After a few minutes, Nova suggested to give me a massage and I happily agreed. She was very good at massaging my back, and it really helped me relax and enjoy the moment. We switched after 15-20 minutes and I gave her a massage that started on her back and slowly moved to her legs and feet. Nova had very nice feet and she always took good care of them. Her red pedicure was shiny and I closed my eyes and kissed her feet gently.

"What are you doing? Kissing my feet?", she asked me with a surprised look.

"Why not? You have nice feet and we are here tonight to let loose and enjoy whatever feels right."

"Oh, so you like my feet? Really? But you never said a word about it before".

"Well, now you know".

"What else do you like to do with my feet? I always had this fantasy that someone plays with my feet."

"Oh, you have a foot play fantasy? Nice, I have a few fantasies as well. Maybe tonight we get to try some of them." I said and got up to drink some water. It was about 8:45 and I suddenly felt a wave of energy radiating from my body. It felt very nice and I told Nova to stand up and feel it too. 

"Wow this is actually kinda cool," she said with a smile on her face. We hugged each other. The touch of her skin against mine felt warm and nice, a very fresh feeling. We stared into each other's eyes for a minute and started kissing again. This was definitely starting to be an interesting night.

We drank some water and laid down on the bed again. After some kissing, I got on top of her and slowly started to move down on her, kissing and nibbling on her nipples and then further down to her shaved and smooth pussy. This was not my first time going down on her and yet, I felt a rush of excitement as my tongue touched her clit. Her salty juice tasted so good and she and I both got into it very quickly. Surprisingly enough I noticed I was enjoying it even more than she did. 

"Looks like you are liking it too much, my turn to try this", she said it and asked me to lay down on my back and started to play with my hard dick in her mouth. I was able to feel every move of her tongue and it was magical, but I also missed licking her hot wet pussy. So, I asked her to turn around to do 69. 

We had tried 69 before and it was fun for a minute or so, but no more. But this time we both were enjoying licking each other so much that we both started to moan and breathe heavily. Then all of a sudden and without telling me, she straightened her back and sat on my face. 

"What is she doing? I can't breathe" I thought for a second and I was waiting for her to get up or change her position. But to my surprise, she did not move much.

"Lick me, baby, I want to feel your tongue in my pussy" she demanded.

I started licking and fighting for air at the same time. Her sudden demanding move actually turned me on even more and I stuck my tongue as deep as possible inside her pussy. She started moving back and forth gently and riding my face.

"Do you like it, baby? I can tell you do. I like it too, oh yeah..." she screamed.

She took her time and finally lifted her ass and let me breathe.

"This was another one of my fantasies," she said with a devilish smile.

"To sit on my face?"

"Well, to be dominating and bossy. You said it is okay we try our fantasies tonight. Still okay with it?" she asked me.

"Well, yes I am and I liked it too. I liked how you were in control and demanding. But I was not sure about your ass being on my nose."

"Oh my God. Sorry babe, did it bother you?"

"On the contrary, I want to try something that is my fantasy," I said it and told her to be on her hands and knees and on the edge of the bed. Then I sat behind her while looking at her ass and pussy in front of me. What a view!! I started licking her pussy and she started to moan again. Then I started to move a bit up toward her ass hole and licked it gently. 

"What??? Are you serious?" she almost jumped. 

"Yes, I have imagined doing this before and I have heard ass play can be fun on Molly."

"Hummmm, okay hon. Do what you want. I might wanna try it too".

"You wanna lick my ass?" I asked with my mouth open.

"Why not? We are supposed to explore our kinky side tonight"

I agreed and I started to explore her ass hole again. It felt like a taboo thing to do and yet I was filled with pleasure, I was trying to stick my tongue further in her tight ass, and by her rapid moaning I could tell she was liking it quite a lot as well.

"Okay okay stop, this is too good. I want to try it now" she said after a few minutes.

"Sure, but let's take our second pills. It is almost 10pm."

"Already? wow, time flies when you are having so much fun".

We took the second pills and she had me positioned the same way she was and she started licking my ass hole. It felt very ticklish and amazing. Interestingly enough, she also seemed very much into it and could not stop rimming my butt. After a few minutes, she finally stopped and stood up.

"I cannot believe I licked a guy's ass and enjoyed it so damn much" she confessed.

"So it is not just me, you like it too?"

"Oh yeah, my heart is still beating like crazy from the excitement," she said, "But I am not done with your butt yet."

"Yeah? Wanna lick it more?" I asked.

"Soon babe. Let's just have sex now."

She laid down and I got on top of her and we started kissing. Chris told me that it was possible for me not to get hard on Molly, but I did not seem to have any issue and I was very hard. I slid my dick into Nova's warm and tight pussy and we both stopped breathing for a second. Oh, the way it felt was the same and yet very different from any sex we had before. It was very sensual and intimate. I just stopped and stared into her eyes and she stared back into mine. Then I slowly started moving in and out while kissing her. A minute later I straightened my back and she put her feet on my chest while I kept on going. My rhythms were getting faster and we both were breathing harder. She lifted her feet off of my chest and raised and put them right into my face. Her feet were a bit smelly and instead of it bothering me, I suddenly took a deep breath and tried to smell her scent as much as I could. A huge rush of excitement came upon me and I took her big toe in my mouth and kept on fucking her. She too seemed to be enjoying this a lot and started rubbing her other foot on my face.

"Oh baby, lick my foot, I know you love it, let me stick my toes in your mouth" she moaned.

I took my time with her left foot before moving to her right one and I could not get enough of it. It was also a big turn on for her and she kept slapping my face with her feet gently and playfully.

After ten minutes, I could not go on any longer and I collapsed next to her. We both were sweating a lot and she suddenly licked my forehead and announced that it tasted "so fucking good". In turn, I too licked her forehead and noticed how much I enjoyed her salty sweat. Then I grabbed her arms and took a whiff of her armpits. Yes, it was sweaty with a mild typical smell and amazingly enough, I found its aroma quite erotic and a big turn on. Who knew?

She decided to do the same and smell my armpit. Her reaction was even stronger.

"Oh my God. This is too good babe. I love love love your armpit smell. I can't get enough of you. What an amazing night. Thank you God." she said while we were staring at each other and catching our breath.

"Me too. Damn, this is beyond any expectation I had. I am feeling like the world is very small right now. It is just you and me in this room. There is no other places and other people and there is no tomorrow" I replied.

"Yes, me too. Good observation. Did you like licking my feet?"

"Oh, I loved it. I loved how they smelled and licking your toes was heavenly. I wish we tried this before. I mean I always noticed you had nice feet, but never imagined they could give me so much pleasure.'

"Awww, really? It was such a turn on to see how excited you were licking them. It almost made me cum. We should do more of it. But first, I want to sit on your face again."

"Hahaha, normally that statement would sound odd and rude. But right now, I would love nothing more."

I laid down on my back and she got up and sat on my face with her back toward my legs. She positioned my hands and arms above my head and put her feet on my wrists preventing me to move much. She leaned backward and kept her ass a few inches above my face. 

"Babe, you are a bit too high up. I can't reach your ass" I said to her.

"I know. I actually wonder how much you wanna lick my ass right now"

"I want it of course"

"You do? Tell me what you want babe."

"I want to lick your ass hole Nova."

"I am not sure you really do. I want you to beg for it if you really want it."

"Beg for it? Hummmm, Nova, please let me rim your ass. Please... I am begging you"

"Good. That is what I want to hear" she announced and lower her ass and placed her butt hole right on top of my mouth. I am not a submissive person by nature, but something about being on Molly made me take a lot of pleasure seeing Nova dominating me and me doing what she wanted. I started licking her ass and she moved back and forth, controlling how my tongue was licking her. 

A few minutes later she finally stopped and got up, even though I did not want it to stop. I was breathing heavily and I asked her to let me rim her more. 

"Later buddy. You seem to like it quite a lot and I want to try it on my own. Sit on my face you naughty boy" she laughed and laid down on her back. I moved and sat on her face with my knees bent under my body and sitting more vertically. My dick was between her eyebrows and I tried not to put any of my weight on her face.

"Sit down babe. I want your ass completely on my face" she said and I obeyed. She started licking my ass hole and I could tell how much she was into it. For me, it was more of a mental turn on seeing her under me trying so hard to breathe and pushing her tongue deep inside me. This position was fun both on the giving and the receiving side and I was glad that she wanted to try it. She finally pushed my body up a bit with her hands.

"Oh my God. Damn, I love this. I love your ass. I love licking your ass hole. I don't want to stop. Can I do it again later?" she almost screamed.

"Sure babe, but for now I want to play with your ass more," I said it and I directed her to lay down on her back with a pillow under her butt, and I moved between her legs and started licking her pussy and her ass hole. She grabbed her ass cheeks and tried to spread them as much as possible. I licked my index finger and started to gently push it inside her butt hole. She sighed and seemed to feel a bit of pain, but then told me to push my finger in more. A minute later my finger was completely in her ass and I was moving it in and out slowly. 

"Oh I like it babe, but I think it works better if you use oil on your finger," she said.

I grabbed the oil bottle and applied some oil to my hand and her ass. She was right. The oil made it much easier and she soon had 3 of my fingers in her ass.

"Oh wow, this feels both good and bad. I like how it feels, but I also never imagined letting anyone near my ass" she said with a smile on her face. 

"I like it too, I never had anal sex, but I always wondered about trying it".

"Yeah? Let's just do it."

"Sure, let's do it, there is no better time than this," I said and put some oil on my dick which was not very hard at that moment.

"I am not hard babe. Let me see what I can do to make myself hard" I murmured. 

"What if you lick my feet? Maybe it helps?" she replied.

"Okay," and I started to lick her feet and wow, I was hard within 20 seconds. What a cool trick! I positioned myself and slowly slid my dick into her virgin ass, just the first inch. 

"Hold on hold on," she said with a painful expression, and after a few seconds gave me the green light to push a bit further. After a minute or two, my dick was completely in her ass, but she still needed time to adjust and get comfortable. Then she told me to start moving back and forth slowly.

"How is it? Still hurting?" I asked.

"It hurt before, actually it feels okay now. You can slowly go faster" she replied.

This was the first time we both were experiencing anal sex and it was an experience beyond words. We were both mentally and physically overloaded with pleasure. The vaginal sex felt very good, but anal had a different feeling to me and I absolutely loved it, not to mention it felt very intimate to do it with Nova. She seemed quite into it and started moaning harder and louder than usual.

"Oh God, Oh God, This feels so fucking good. I love your dick in my ass, fuck me harder" she screamed as I was pounding her ass faster and harder. The good thing about Molly was that it prevented me from cumming and I was able to keep going.

Several minutes later, I finally had to stop. I slowly took out my hard dick and I saw Nova's ass hole staying open for a few seconds. It was a very erotic view and I loved it. 

"Damn, anal is super nice. I cannot believe how good it felt to be inside your ass. How was it for you?" I asked while breathing hard.

"Oh, it was fantastic. I never imagined how good and erotic it would feel. I always thought it would feel painful and wrong. I want it again. What about you?"

"What about me? Of course, I want to do it again."

"No, I mean do you want to see how it feels to have something in your butt?

"Hummmm, I think not. I will take your word for it." I replied with hesitation.

"Come on babe. What do you have to lose? I want to try it with you. Just one finger. Please" she insisted.

"Just one finger? Okay, but we stop if I don't like it. Deal?"

"Deal", she jumped and grabbed the oil and lubricated her index finger and ordered me to get in a doggy style position. I was curious, excited, and yet hesitant, but I decided to go with the flow. After some rimming, she slowly started to rub my anus with her oily finger and then started to gently push it in. I felt a pressure followed by an odd feeling that I did not quite like. But after a minute and some back and forth, when her finger was completely inside my ass, I started to realize what she was talking about. It actually started to feel pleasurable and I did not mind it anymore. 

"How are you feeling hon? Is it hurting" she asked.

"Well, not now, I am okay now."

"Do you want me to use the second finger?"

"Yeah, but go slow."

She said okay and after lubing up her second finger, she inserted both fingers into my ass. The pressure I felt was much more and I almost wanted her to stop but decided to tolerate the pain a bit more, and it paid off. The pain was replaced by a massive level of pleasure which was very hard to describe and I began to see why she was enjoying my dick in her ass so much. Finally, she stopped after a few minutes and stood up.

"I will be right back. Don't move," she told me.

A minute later she came back with a sex toy. As I looked at it, I realized it was a long, double headed red plastic anal beads. 

"I just had a thought. Let's do an ass to ass fucking position with this" she said with a lot of excitement in her voice that made me chuckle.

"Hummmm, I really like your ideas tonight. How exactly?" I asked.

"Let's do it on the floor. I sit in doggy style position, so you can stick part of this in my ass, and then you can also sit in doggy style with your ass towards mine and stick the other end in your ass".

"Okay, not sure if it works, but let's see," I said and directed her to a good spot on the floor. Then I lubed up the toy, her ass, and mine and started to push the first ball of the anal beads in her ass. She sighed with a little pain or pleasure as she received each ball and after four balls I stopped. It was my turn. I positioned myself and grabbed the other end and gently pushed its first ball in my own ass, and then slowly I pushed three more balls in myself. The beads had about 13 balls altogether and it was long enough to make this work. Her legs and feet were between my legs. 

"Ready? I am gonna start moving back and forth" I said while trying to figure out this very unusual and yet very erotic sexual play with Nova. It took us both a minute to adjust and learn how to move back and forth smoothly. We could not see each other during this ass-to-ass play and yet it was such an intimate play. Guys and girls during sex receive pleasure in different ways, guys feel it in their dick and girls in their pussy. But this play was giving us both the same sensation and pleasure and therefore it was a unique a explore. I was also able to see her sexy feet and soles under me and I moved my head a bit down and started kissing and licking her soles passionately. This was heavenly. Again after several minutes of pure pleasure and moaning and enjoying every second of it, we finally had to stop and take a break.

It was almost midnight. After drinking some water and taking the last pill, we decided to go out for a short walk. Neither one of us were smokers, but Chris told me to try and smoke a cigarette or two while rolling. So, I lit up a cigarette and we went out. The stars were out and the weather was fantastic, and smoking the cigarette actually felt good.

"Everything feels so nice. I feel pure joy and happiness. What a positive energy" she announced with a big smile on her face.

"I know. This is hundred times better than I imagined. I can't wait to see what else will happen next tonight."

We walked around for a while until she decided to take off her flip flops and walk barefoot.

"Will you do something for me?" she asked.

"Sure, what is it?"

"I tell you after you promise to do it. No backing down."

"Well, after you fingered me in the ass, I doubt I will say no to much else tonight. Okay, promise."

"I want you to lick my toes right here right now."

"But you have been walking barefoot. Your feet are dirty." I protested.

"Oh, I know. That is why I want you to lick them clean."

I stood there for a few seconds smiling at her in silence, knowing I would end up doing it. 

"So?" she demanded, while she sat on the curb and stared at me. I sat next to her and looked around. There was nobody else around, but the thought of anyone seeing us both excited and scared me. Finally, I grabbed her left foot and neared it to my face and started kissing her foot while looking into her eyes. She had a devilish smile and opened her mobile phone and took a picture. I was however mostly in my own world and licking her toes one by one and really enjoying her strange request. A minute later she got up and kissed me passionately and said "baby I love you so much. I hugged her and said, "I love you too". I then mustered my courage and kneeled before her and pulled down her pants a little and started licking her pussy right there. She was a bit shocked and started looking around to make sure nobody was around. A few seconds later, she wanted to try it too and went down and took out my dick and started giving me a blow job. I was both nervous and excited to be out on the street and doing something that naughty with my girlfriend.
