 Hello, welcome and thanks for reading. My fantasy series is an attempt to bring a reader more into the story so as to make him/her feel like they are a part of it. The story is told from your prospective as if you were one of two main characters. The two protagonists are brother and sister who like sex but haven't had a whole lot of partners until now.

The sister is named Christie. She is a twenty one year old Caucasian woman with dark hair and red highlights that comes down to her mid back. She has low c-cup breasts and a very toned body that she keeps lightly tanned as well. Her tight round butt makes all of the guys drool, especially her brother's friends. And on that note if you would like a description of him please read Fantasies Guys A.

With all this out of the way here is the story. Remember this is fiction told from your prospective as if you were Christie. Have fun, vote and give me feedback if you'd like. And remember, it's only fantasy!

*

You adjust the way that you're sitting on the bathroom counter and lean into your mirror as you apply your makeup with a lot of anticipation built up for tonight. It's your birthday and you are twenty-one finally! The first night you can actually drink! Legally that is.

"Yo Christie!" You hear your brother call from outside of the bathroom.

"What?" You answer as you finish putting on the final touches of you lipstick.

"The guests are starting arrive and wondering where the birthday girl is!" He says again.

"Ok Wes, I'll be out in a second!" You say hopping down off of the counter.

You look at yourself in the mirror for a moment looking over your body covered only in some white cotton panties and a matching strapless white bra. You smile as you do happy that you caught your ass of an ex-boyfriend of five lousy months cheating on you with that big boobed bimbo. Tonight will be a fresh new start. Time to let go and get wild!

You grab the red skirt that your friends encouraged you to wear today in honor of you being single and slide it on. It covers to a little above your knees and hugs your waist so that it accentuates you tight butt but is also loose enough so that you can move freely in it. The top they've chosen for you is a light blue spaghetti strap tank top (hence the strapless bra) that covers to just above your belly button and hugs your body. Once you all finished and dressed you open up the bathroom door and head out into the living room.

There are only a few people there at the moment but their cries of happy birthday echo through the apartment as you enter the living room. You are suddenly ushered into the kitchen by your brother and are led to the small center island counter top that had several shot glasses and a big bottle of Grey Goose vodka sitting on it. You smile as your brother begins to fill the glasses from the bottle and makes sure everyone who is here gets one before toasting you.

"Cheers!" Everyone around the center island cries as you raise up your glasses.

You clink your shot glass with everyone around the last one being with you big bro. He gives you a little nod and you smile back at him before you both put the glass to your lips and gulp the liquid down. You squint and wave you hand in front of your face as the vodka burns down your throat. You love the stuff but just hate the way it burns.

"C'mon Christie that's good stuff!" Your brother says before letting out a laugh.

"Oh shut the fuck up Wes and pour me another!" You reply making everyone else in the room laugh.

"Yes ma'am birthday girl!" Wes grabs the bottle and fills everyone's glasses again. "To my itsy bitsy sister who is finally twenty-one!"

Everyone says cheers again before drinking their respective glasses. You flip your brother off when you see him smiling at you again.

"May I have the pleasure of the first dance?" Mark, one of your brother's friends asks from next to you.

Mark is a little over six foot tall with short black hair. He has a nicely toned body that he has to keep that way because he is the starting quarterback for the local collage team. He's wearing some black slacks with a button down dress tee which has the top two buttons undone exposing some of his bare skin underneath. His handsome face smiles at you while he holds his hand out.

You smile at him as you take Mark's hand and let him lead you out into the living room. You both start to dance swaying you hips and moving to the music. As soon as the song ends you give him a quick hug and thank him. Just as you about to pull away you feel his hand brush against your ass. Normally you would push it away but this time you don't. You smile at him and turn to walk back into the kitchen.

About a half an hour later the party is in full effect as the apartment is filled with you and your brother's friends. You're still kind of surprised at yourself that you didn't say anything to Mark. It doesn't really bother you though as you remind yourself that tonight is going to be a fresh start for you. No regrets, especially for tonight.

"Hey birthday girl, come take a shot with me!" You see another of you brothers friends named Brian standing next to the counter at one point when you walk into the kitchen.

Brian is a tall kind of skinny guy with long red hair that falls to his shoulders. He's wearing tight black tee-shirt and hugs his thin form and a pair of nice jeans. You can tell that he brushes his hair as it falls straight even in the pony tail he had it in. He gestures you over with a very cute smile.

"What are you drinking?" You ask noticing the unfamiliar bottle on the counter as you walk towards him.

"Ah-ha Toro Tequila," he says handing you a shot glass.

"Oh no, not ta kill ya," you whine knowing how harsh it is.

"Oh don't worry," he smiles at you and raises his glass. "This is one hundred percent pure agave. It is much smoother then other tequilas."

"All right...," you say clinking glasses with him and gulping it down. It's still tequila so it still burns but you do notice that it's not as bad.

"You should see your face," Brian says as he takes the glass from you.

"Not the kind of thing to say when you want to be nice to a girl," you say at him.

"Who says I wanted to be nice?" Brian gives you a sarcastic smile while he talks. "I'm all about being naughty tonight."

"Well if you not going to be nice then neither am I," you say getting an evil idea.

You move close to Brian and quickly give him a small peck on the cheek before reaching between his legs and giving his crotch a quick squeeze. Before he can say anything you quickly turn and walk out of the kitchen leaving him standing there very surprised. As soon as you enter a guy asks you to dance and you let him lead you to the dance floor.

You think about what you just did and think that maybe you crossed the line but then you see Brian in the doorway of the kitchen giving you another smile. You see him mouth the word 'evil' before he turns and follows another girl into the kitchen. You smile and then start concentrating on dancing with the guy in front of you.

(Note: If this next part is not your kind of thing it won't hurt my feelings that much if you decide to skip it, only a little bit. Remember though that it's just a story. It's just pretend so I encourage you to still read and have fun with it!)

For the next few hours you are able to behave yourself. You dance with a few more people and have a few more drinks. People insist on you trying their birthday special drinks. You only take a few since you can already feel a heavy buzz. You know that you are going to have one major hangover tomorrow.

At one point a friend of yours named Mindy walks up and starts to talk to you. She is a couple of inches shy of six foot with long blond hair that stretches down to her ass. Her breasts are little b-cups but are nicely formed and are nicely contained in a tight pink tank top. A pair of tight jeans covers her long legs and shapely ass.

As she talks to you she keeps glancing across the room. You start to wonder who or what has caught your attention.

"What are you looking at?" You ask when she looks across the room for the umpteenth time.

"There's this really cute guy that has been checking me out all night," Mindy replies. Just then a slow song comes on and she gets a devilish grin. "Hey, I have an idea. Follow me."

"What is it?" You ask but then understand as she pulls you out onto the dance floor.

Mindy places you hands on her hips and then puts her arms around your neck and starts to slow dance. You're a little embarrassed of dancing with another girl but you're buzzed enough that you push it aside and start dancing as well. You hear a roar of applause as people notice you two girls dancing close together during a slow song.

"I hope you don't mind me using you to excite that guy," Mindy whispers. "We should give everyone a bit of a show. Are you game?"

"Umm...," you think about it for a bit, still a little unsure about dancing with a girl. What more could she be thinking of? "Sure, I guess."

Mindy smiles at you before sliding her hands from your neck to your shoulders caressing them. After a few moments she begins them moving down your front to the top of your breasts, then slides them to the sides of them and then to the finally to the bottom of them cupping one in each hand. Your cheeks turn red in shock as she starts to rub them while still moving to the music. You're even more shocked that you don't pull away from her.

"I'm not crossing any lines am I?" Mindy asks looking at you.

"Um... I...I don't... know," you stutter. "It's just I've never had a girl do this to me before."

"Don't you want me to stop?" Mindy slows her caresses and at that point you know that you don't want her to stop.

"No...," you say. "Actually, can I touch yours?"

Mindy smiles and nods at you and returns her hands to your shoulders this time sliding them across the front of your breasts to get there. You keep moving to the music as you slowly slide you hands up from her waist over her flat stomach and then stop at the bottom of her breasts. You cup your hands over the bottom of the soft mounds and gently squeeze.

You smile at their softness and suddenly you notice a small trickle in the area between your legs. You may have never touched another girl like this before but you are suddenly very amazed at your reaction. You also suddenly remember that there is a crowd around you and slide your hands back to her waist.

As soon as the song stops you and Mindy step away from each other. She smiles at you and then turns to walk over to the other side of the room. The people around you give you questioning smiles and then go back to whatever it was they were doing.

You turn to walk to the couch and notice your brother sitting in his recliner with a shocked look on his face. You smile at him and give a small indifferent shrug like it was no big deal. But as soon as you do you know that it was a big deal.

(Ok, if you skipped that part it's over. I hope you did read it though.)

After a few moments you walk over to your brother and drag him out to the dance floor for a few songs. When you finally let him go back to his recliner some of you friends drag you into the kitchen and you immediately know that they want to do shots. As soon as you gulp down to shot of Patrone you notice that something doesn't feel right. A second later you know that it's your stomach.

"Are you ok Christie?" One of your friends asks.

"No," you say shaking your head. "I think I'm going to throw up."

"Uh, oh," another friend says. "Go girl go. It happens to the best of us."

You turn and speed walk to the bathroom trying not to let anybody notice. You reach the door and turn the handle finding that it's open. It's open, but not empty. Mark's in there holding his dick in his hand as he is finishing up taking a piss. He flicks off the last little bit before flushing and then suddenly notices you standing there.

"Holy shit Christie!" Mark yelps stuffing himself back into his pants and zipping up. "Can't you knock?"

"Sorry, I really have to use that," you say not really caring at this point that you were staring at his dick.

Mark barely has time to move out of the way before you rush to the toilet and open up just in time. You cringe after throwing up a lot of the alcohol you've drank that night as well as most of the sandwich you ate earlier. A second later more comes up from your stomach and forces itself from you mouth. You hear a sound from behind you and turn to see Mark still standing there.

"Are you ok?" Mark asks sounding a little concerned as he hands you a wash cloth to wipe you face with.

"Yeah, I'll be good," you reply taking that cloth and wiping your mouth and chin. "I just drank a little too much. Sorry I barged in on you."

"It's ok," Mark says grabbing a second wash cloth on the counter and running some cold water on it. "Lean back against the wall."

You do as he says as you watch him ring out the wash cloth. He kneels down next to you and presses the cool cloth against your forehead that until now you didn't even realize was hot. The cool cloth feels good and soon you start to feel better.

"Do you think you're gonna throw up again?" Mark asks taking the cloth away.

"No," you say moving on the floor so that you can flush the toilet.

You turn back to Mark and smile as you see him looking at your face trying to tell if you're lying. You have no idea why, but suddenly an image of him grasping his dick in his hand and shaking it off enters you mind. You think that it looked to be about six inches and he was soft at the time. You feel a trickle start between your legs again as you wonder how big it would be hard.

"Are you sure you're ok?" Mark's voice cuts through your thoughts and you realize that you're blushing as he stares at you.

"Yeah I'm fine," you say not making eye contact with him. "I'm just a little hot."

"Ok, well I'll see you back out there," Mark smiles and then stands up to leave.

The image of his cock appears in you head again and it's at that point when you feel compelled to find out what you want to know.

"Mark wait a second," you say stopping him in his tracks and making him turn to look at you. "I want to ask you something."

"Sure, what's up?" He smiles at you.

"It's kind of private so can you shut the door please?" You give him a pleading look.

"Um... ok," he says before doing as you ask and then turning back to you.

"First... I want to confess that...um... when I first came in here... I kinda was... uh... staring at your... dick," your cheeks redden as you talk to him.

"Um... you're forgiven?" Mark says giving you a confused look.

"I have to... say that I liked what I saw," you give a embarrassed smile as you see the shock in his face. "You looked to be about six inches soft right?"

"What are you saying Christie?" Mark looks confused but a smile crosses his face.

"I was wondering if I could see what you look like... hard?" You know your face is a very deep shade of red at this point.

"You mean you want me to get myself hard for you while you watch?" Mark raises an eyebrow at but is still smiling. You know that you want more then that though.

"I was actually thinking that I would do it for you," you say and then watch as his smile grows. "But you have to promise not to tell anyone."

"I promise," Mark says before locking the bathroom door and walking over to stand next to you.

You have him sit down on the toilet and kneel in front of him. You undo his zipper, grasp his dick through the small opening and pull it out. Your eyes widen as you see that he is already starting to harden. You start to pump his dick as it hardens in your left hand before looking up at him.

"You promise, right?" You ask.

"You have my word," He smiles back. "Besides, your brother would kill me if I started to talk about you."

You give him one more smile before lowering your mouth and wrapping your lips around the head. You hear him gasp as his dick enters your mouth and then you hear him groan as you lightly suck on it. You feel him grow and harden even more as you begin to bob on his cock.

"Yes... Christie...," Mark moans. "God that feels good!"

After a few moments you don't notice his dick growing anymore so you release him with a pop. He is quite bigger then when you had first saw him. He looked to be a little more then eight inches long with a good thickness to it. You feel your pussy getting wet as you stare at it.

"Are you completely hard now?" You ask looking at him.

"Yes, please don't stop Christie," he begs but you were already going to finish him.

"Don't worry," you smile at him. "I'm not going to leave you like this."

Before he can respond you slide his cock back into your mouth taking about five inches before you stop and start to bob. He gasps as he feels your lips sliding up and down his dick. He grips your hair and runs his fingers through it. All of a sudden you hear a knock at the door.

"Whoever's in there are you almost done?" Your brother's voice comes from behind the door making you almost chock on Matt's dick.

"Uh... nah," you don't miss a beat afterwards and continue to suck on the member. "I... ahh... might be here... ohh yes... a while."

"Mark?" Wes pauses for a second as if listening. "Don't tell me you're fucking in my bathroom? For fucks sake! Do that at your own fucking house!"

You release Mark's member as you here Wes walk away and start to giggle unable to control yourself.

"We should get this done as quickly as possible," you say after you manage to stop giggling. "I hope you're ready to cum."

"Don't worry, you've gotten me real close," Mark says grinning at you.

You lower your mouth back onto his dick and take in as much as you can. You start to suck on him at the quickest pace you can, taking more and more of him in until you can feel the head pushing against the back of your throat with each bob. You hear him moan and grunt louder and louder as his climax approaches. His hands grip your hair to the point that if he were to grip any tighter that it would hurt.

"Oh fuck yeah girl!" Mark moans. "Fuck I'm gonna cum! I can't hold it! If you don't move I'm going to cum in your mouth! Oh shiiiit!!!!!"

You suddenly feel the first powerful blast of Mark's white hot cum shoot into your mouth and hit the back of your throat. You gulp it down just as the second and third enter your mouth. You continue to swallow as more and more is continually pumped in. After you swallow that last bit you slide your mouth off of his dick giving the head one last long suck before it pops from your lips.

"God, damn!" Mark moans. "That was fucking incredible!"

"Glad you liked it," you say standing up.

"Am I going to get to see yours?" Mark asks with a grin as he places his hand on your right hip.

"No, we've been in here way to long," you tell him but don't stop his hand as it starts to slide down your thigh.

"I just want a quick peek," he says as he gets to the bottom of your skirt and slides his hand under it touching your bare skin. "It won't take that long."

"Uh...," you start to think about it as you feel Mark's hand slide back up your thigh underneath your skirt. You've already crossed a line with him, why go a little further. "Sure, I guess. But just a peek."

You grip the bottom of the front of your skirt and lift it just as Mark's hand reaches the band of your panties. His eyes are glued to the soaked crotch of your panties as he grips it and to pulls it to the right. You see him smile as he sees the folds of your sex just for the first time.

"You have a great looking pussy," he looks up at you before trailing his eyes back down to your crotch.

"Thank you, can we go now?" You ask starting to lower your dress.
