 I lived in San Francisco for few years, back when I was still relatively fresh out of law school and working for one of the city's premier law firms.

On the particular day in question we had wrapped up some complex negotiations for one of the firm's larger Silicon Valley clients. Everything had gone smoothly for a change. And I was unexpectedly left with a whole afternoon of unscheduled time.

I decided, rather than spending it in the office billing someone as I ought to have done, to go out and enjoy the beautiful fall day. It was a rash decision for me, as I was of the more ambitious sort. But being one of the hardest working young associates in the firm and having plenty of billable hours for the month already, why shouldn't I treat myself to jaunt around town?

So there I was, walking along Market Street from Powell near where the cable cars turned around to the busy hustle and bustle of the Embarcadero.

On a whim, I decided to go into a little bookstore that I saw off one of the side streets.

It was one of those stuffy kinds of places, where the books were all older than me, and covered with an inch of dust.

I was browsing through the literature section looking at a copy of Lady Chatterley's Lover, and thinking he was probably a lucky man. But then again, I could be wrong, because I probably was never going to read it anyways.

Give me the Cliff Notes please.

It was at that moment I happened to look up and see a pair of the most beautiful green eyes I'd ever seen looking back at mine.

They belonged to a woman who was sitting in a chair across the way from me. When I caught her eye she immediately glanced back down at her book. Aside from the fact that she was a woman and I was a man, and that every first glance I take of a member of the opposite sex is to gauge my level of interest in having sex with her, I thought nothing much of our encounter at first.

Harmless flirtation. Nothing more.

I looked over at her again, and again she averted her eyes.

My evaluation was that she was certainly a knockout. More than worth my trouble. Her long legs were exposed since the skirt of her suit had ridden up slightly. I could see up the length of her smooth thighs. She had unbuttoned her blouse ever so, revealing the top bit of her creamy round breasts. Just enough of a hint to make you really interested. This was topped off with a full head of auburn hair wrapped up in a twist just the way I like. Her shade of lipstick maybe a shade too red to be polite.

It was a pretty attractive package altogether, I thought. Still, I didn't feel like hanging around a bookstore all day, when I could find other diversions elsewhere. And this knockout was maybe a little too shy for me.

Now I have had my share of sexual adventures, but I find now that as an attorney I don't have as much time for picking up women as I did when I was in college or the Marines. The kinds of women you meet in my line of work tend to be looking for husbands, not casual sex. Of course I've had a couple of steady girls and the occasional one-night stands as often as I can get them, but most of those girls aren't as adventurous as the girls I'd known when I was younger, more's the pity. After a moment's reflection I thought I'd hit the streets instead of trying to make something happen here. I could always head out to the bars and try and score a little action later.

Having made up my mind to go wander on my way to somewhere else, I flashed this girl my patented winning smile and headed out the door.

I didn't make it far before I stopped into a café and to have a latte while I read over the Wall Street Journal. Relaxing, I was just getting into an article when someone bumped into me from behind.

"Excuse me," said a softly feminine voice, "I'm so clumsy."

I looked up and saw that it was the girl from the bookstore.

"Oh," I said graciously, "I'm sure it was all my fault. I'm always getting in the way."

She gave me another shy smile, which encouraged me to continue.

"Are you alone? Why don't you sit down and join me?" I asked, motioning to the empty seat.

I think this girl had decided to take a chance on me.

Therefore it was imperative to chat her up as much as I could. She was actually pretty friendly. It turned out that Rochelle, or Chelle as her friends called her, was here for some sort of business convention and had decided to skip the afternoon session. She was from New York and had never been in San Francisco before. 

"How fortuitous," I told her, playing with words too big for me, "I'm playing hooky too."

"Well it's a good thing we found one another then, huh?" she smiled.

We chatted about all sorts of things, from the Giants and the Yankees to the recent trends in the stock market. While I was entertained, I wasn't sure this was going to actually get past a casual if engaging conversation. Throughout the conversation I had been looking at her breasts and trying to make my glances seem more casual than they actually were. I was hoping it would turn her on more that turn her off.

But, man, do I love it when a woman pleasantly surprises me.

I had just passed some witty comment about California cuisine when she said causally out of no where, "Speaking of waiters, it seems like all the guys in San Francisco are gay."

I sat bolt upright. What did I just hear? She was looking past me at some of the people walking by.

"I wouldn't say all the men in San Francisco are gay," I stated, probably a little more emphatically than I needed to.

"Really?" she sighed, "I mean you hear stories about what a queer town this is, but wow. You know it's just that I've been here for two whole days and there hasn't been a single eligible man who's tried to go to bed with me."

"Well," I stammered in spite of myself, "I'm an eligible man, and I'm here...."

She didn't give me a chance to say anything else; she just reached over and actually grabbed my cock through my pants. Just grabbed it. So much for being shy! I couldn't help getting hard.

"My," she said thoughtfully, "You certainly are eligible!"

"Um," I said before taking a sip of my latte for strength. "I could help you out with your...uh...problem."

She seemed to be mulling the idea over, "How do I know you're not gay? I mean you are good-looking and intelligent. Most of the men I know who are able to hold a half way decent conversation with your attributes are as queer as three dollar bills." 

Now, to give her credit, in San Francisco this probably is a valid question. I for one have several gay friends and I don't feel the least threatened in my sexuality.

"Well," I said reasonably, "You could take me out for a test drive and see if I can manage to your expectations."

"It might worth a try," she was leaning in to me and by this point running her fingers over my chest.

I thought it an opportune moment to move in for a kiss. I've found a kiss can tell a woman everything she needs to know about a man. Her lips were so soft that my mouth lingered there for a while, reluctant to let go.

"My place or yours?" she murmured.

"Which is closer?" I asked, with a sense of urgency.

"I'm just staying at a hotel by the Embarcadero," she said, "I'm probably closer."

I kissed her again and it took me a couple minutes before I reluctantly broke away from her tongue.

"What are we waiting for?" I asked.

We quickly got up with a sudden necessity to be on our way. 

One thing that we hadn't noticed was how dark the sky had gotten. You see the problem with San Francisco in April is that, while it's usually warm, it is often subject to unexpected showers. The overcast skies started to sprinkle. And neither of us had an umbrella.

We took off down Market Street for the hotel at the best clip we could make, but we weren't fast enough, and the faster we walked the heavier the rain came down. By the time we had made it to the safety of the hotel lobby I was thoroughly soaked in spite of my suit jacket. Her blouse had become pasted to her breasts finally allowing me a tantalizing view of her luscious cleavage.

We made it into the elevator and pressed the button for her floor. But she couldn't help herself any longer. Chelle turned around to face me and melted into my arms, kissing me like it was going out of style. I just wanted to get my hands all over her, my manhood growing larger with each erotic impulse. I reached down to firmly take hold of her ass as she grabbed on to my neck to pull my mouth closer to hers, I hoisted her up as she wrapped her legs around my thighs. I moved my hands to every spot I could reach, nuzzling on her ears and taking in a deep breath of her beautiful hair.

Her perfume was driving me crazy.

It didn't taken her long to get her hair undone and it didn't take us long to get to her floor. As soon as the elevator doors parted she was off me and down the corridor to her room like a shot, with me in hot pursuit. It's probably a good thing the other guests didn't see us because I don't know what they would have thought.

I caught up with her at the door to her room and we worked our way, entangled together, to her bed, barely remembering to shut the door behind us. She slipped back onto the bed taking off her jacket as I took off my suit jacket. She started to work her blouse buttons off in time with me, as I undid the buttons of my shirt.

The need we had was incredibly erotic.

In a few seconds I was standing in my undershirt and she was in her lacy black bra. I made a big show of taking off my soaking undershirt like I was in a strip show, trying to be as masculine as possible as I pulled it over my head, leaving myself bare chested. She stood up and took off her bra allowing her round firm tits to bounce out in front of her. I reached over to move my hands over them twirling my thumbs over her smooth pink nipples. She moaned and moved closer to me moving her hands over the muscles of my arms, chest and stomach before ending up at my belt.

I moan as she squeezed my painful erection through my pants. And I reached my own hand down between her legs to give her vagina a suggestive squeeze through her panties.

"Oh, yes," she sighed, "Take your pants off and let me see."

She worked the leather belt till it was undone and unbuttoned my pants. Now the erection I had from the elevator had never abated and it was noticeably straining from behind my boxers as she let my pants slip down to my ankles. She directed me gently to sit on the edge of the bed and she moved down on her knees. She pulled down my boxers letting my full almost ten inch rod spring out to stand at attention. She took it in her hands and used her thumb to massage the underside of my mushroom head, which was now oozing glistening pre-cum.

She played with me for a moment as I held my breath. Her tits hung from underneath her as her mouth went down on my cock working it in and out slowly. I leaned back moaning in ecstasy. Her tender ministrations weren't being wasted. When I thought I couldn't possibly stand anymore I made her get on the bed. I slipped off her panties and went to work on her neatly trimmed pussy. My tongue touched every area of her nether regions, bringing her to the loudest climax I've ever heard. I worked on her slit for time out of mind with an obedient tongue and eager fingers until I was rewarded to a flood of her tasty juices. The walls of her pussy were soon gripping my fingers tightly. Her pussy seemed like such a petite thing and I wondered if she would be able to take something as big as me inside her.

"I need you to fuck me," she moaned insistently.

I moved up over her demanding body, my hard cock against her horny cunt. I slid my shaft around over her slit feeling the warm juices from her slit coating the underside of my dick as it passed.

I love the softness of a woman. I think it's the biggest turn on. The hardness of my body felt completely at home against her soft delicate breasts and moist hole.

I moved the tip of my dick to her hold and met with little resistance as I pressed inside her. Chelle was unbelievably wet.

"Oh, damn," she sighed, "That feels so good."

I grunted my agreement and moved my cock out and in slowly adjusting my thrusts so as not to cause her any pain. My dick is pretty thick and wide, but I have never met a pussy I couldn't penetrate eventually. They are after all designed to squeeze out babies.

My masculine needs were becoming more and more urgent and I was fast loosing my sense of interest in her comfort.

I was in to about five inches, then seven. I gave a final mighty shove and felt my balls bash against her ass giving me the most pleasurable sensations as they did so.

I had lost myself inside her.

The walls of her cunt were undulating as they gripped me tightly and I only managed about fifteen minutes of thrusting before the pressure of my balls overpowered me. It had been a few weeks since I'd been with a woman due to all those late nights spent at the firm. Jerking off never satisfied me like pussy.

I just couldn't stop myself from cumming inside her, spilling my seed into her depths.

I held myself within her as my dick began to slowly loose some of its hardness. Ten years ago I would've been able to maintain a perpetual erection for hours with hardly the need to think about it, but now I needed a minute to recover my stamina.

But thankfully Chelle clearly wasn't through with me. She rolled me over, remaining on top of me, as my cock finally fell out of her pussy as it reached a limp five inches. I felt it hanging down next to my balls.

"Interesting tattoo," she said, referring to the eagle tattoo I wore on my shoulder.

"I got it when I was in the Marines," I said, "We had just finished basic training and all the guys in my unit went to get one at the same time."

"Why the eagle?" she asked.

"Cause it was my nickname in college," I said, "My frat brothers always said I had an eagle eye. Or maybe because I listened to the Eagles too much. Who knows?"

My grin was infectious.

"Cute," she said, smiling back at me, "It's sexy."

"So are you," I said in a more serious tone.

The night was just getting started.

She leaned in and kissed me firmly on the mouth. My dick stirred and rose to attention against her sexy ass. I moved my finger slowly down her spine until I reached her cheeks, where it remained for a moment massaging her soft flesh, before I slipped it into her snug cunt where I looked for the magic button that would send her into overdrive.

Whatever it was her pussy was wet from our recent session of fucking. I moved all three of my fingers: index, middle, and ring insider her, stretching her out, while my thumb massaged her clit.

After ten minutes of this, she had gone up and down a roller coaster of orgasms several times. I had her sticky cum on my fingers to prove it.

"Ready for round two?" I inquired with a malicious grin.

She pushed me back hard on the bed and sat up to straddle my thighs, while my rock-hard dick pressed insistently against her ass.

She lifted herself up so that she could take my straining cock and positioned it for easy entry under her hole. Then all at one she let herself slide right down on it, stretching out that gorgeous snatch in one big gulp. I never felt as massive as I did right then, like I was going to break her apart. She started to wildly gyrate her hips on me, moving up and down, riding my prize stallion, and trying to break me.

Up and down, up and down, her tits jiggled divinely before my eyes, as I fixated on her round nipples staring me back in the face.

She ran her hands through her hair and I reached up to play with those perfect orbs. I couldn't get over how good the feeling of her pussy was on my dick. Not only was she tight, but she knew how to work the muscles of her cunt to grip me in every way.

Suddenly she let out a rebel yell, and got up off me, leaving my dick out in the cold.

"I want you to fuck me in the ass," she cried out.

She knelt down on the bed and I climbed up behind her to examine that ass. I placed my dick at her rosy shit hole and pressed in firmly. I was not really surprised, but satisfied nonetheless to find that her asshole was even tighter than her perfect pussy was.

"Fuck my ass!" she cried insistently as I entered her.

I respond by pushing firmly inside, slowly inch by inch, until I was balls deep to the hilt. She let out a cry of pain, but whenever I tried to slow down my monster to allow her time to adjust, she called out for more. This was obviously not the first time she had had this done to her, although it may have been the first time she had done it with anything as large.

I looked down, watching my cock slid into her tanned ass over and over. Smiling, I gripped her hips a little tighter and thrust hard. She groaned as her asshole was stretched farther. I worked relentlessly.

"So big..." she breathed.

I felt her at the very edge.

I loved looking down at her beautiful ass and seeing it pressed tightly against me. I loved feeling every inch of my cock being held in a death grip by her snug little hole. I pulled back, nearly half way out of her.

"Ohhhhhhhh!" was all Chelle let escape her lips as an orgasm exploded inside her.

Her entire body tensed up and she had tears in her eyes. Her ass and pussy were pulsating and her heart was pounding. I slid back into her. 

She was helpless as I began to fuck her up her ass, slapping against it. I began to move a little faster as she got used to my size somewhat. She had trouble holding herself up on her arms as she took it in her shit hole even harder. 

My dick slap, slap, slapped hard against her ass, picking up the pace even more. Her ass cheeks shook each time I struck them.

"Holy shit," she cried, then, "Oh, holy fuck. No more."

I eased out of her ass, watching my dick slip out of her hole. 

She was as helpless as a doll as I grabbed her and flipped her onto her back. She lay before me submissively, chest heaving. Her legs were wide open and her legs were spread apart. 

I grabbed her right ankle with my left hand and with my cock in my right. I placed myself at the shuddering lips of her hungry pussy. I pushed forward and easily slipped inside her warmth.

Chelle moaned, arching her head back, as I entered her. I watched her pink pussy lips suck in more and more of my manhood until I was pressed against her neatly trimmed bush. I grabbed her other ankle with my other hand and now held both of her feet high in the air as I held myself inside her for a moment. Her green eyes were looking up at me lustfully.

I pulled back, my hard cock gliding easily out of her tight, slick cunt. I slammed back into her, taking satisfaction in seeing her eyes close and hearing her moan. Then I began to fuck her, sliding my tool in and out of Chelle as I held her feet high in the air on either side of my face. 

Without breaking my stride, I kissed all over the bottom of her foot. I held her ankles tightly as I kissed her other one, thrusting my powerful rod into her needy hole. I brought her toes to my mouth, sucking the biggest three into my mouth as I looked down at her pussy. 

I watched her mound make my dick disappear over and over as I sucked on her foot. All she could do was watch, and moan, as I did whatever I wanted to her sexy body. With her legs up that high, my normally huge dick seemed even bigger as it banged the bottom of her pussy. 

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!" she cried rhythmically, trying to keep the volume without much success.

My thick pole pistoned in and out of her hungry pussy, bouncing her ass off the bed and creating still move velocity. I pulled her toes out of my mouth and brought her other foot over. I kissed that one all over, not slowing my pace. I sucked her big toe into my mouth, watching me cock pull out and push in the pink of her pussy lips. 
