 It is still very warm in the early evening and we’ve gone out for a romantic walk along the esplanade to watch the sunset over the river. You are standing behind me with your arms wrapped round me, gently kissing my neck. Every touch of your lips gives me a hit of adrenalin and waves of excitement rush through my body. It doesn’t take you long to realise how enticed I’ve became with your touch. You turn me around to face you our eyes linger on each other as we kiss. You have that lustful and excited look in your eyes that turns me on so much that I suggest we go home, you nod in agreement. 

When we get home you take the pre-chilled wine out of the fridge and pour us both a glass while I go down to the bathroom to run a bath for us to share. While waiting on the bath to fill we’re sitting drinking our wine, kissing and fondling each other. You carry me down to the bathroom. We both get in the bath, you are sitting the furthest away from the taps and I’m sitting in front you but my back is resting against your chest. You put some shower-gel on your hands and start massaging it into my wet skin starting at my shoulders and moving down to my breasts. My nipples harden as you tease them with the tips of your fingers. I turn my head round to kiss you as you move one of your hands further down my body. Circling your finger around my belly button then lower again till your fingers find my clitoris and start rubbing it gently at first in circular motions. I groan with pleasure, my body reacting to your touch as you get me more and more excited. Our kisses have become more passionate. The way my body is moving against yours has you excited and very erect, I turn myself around to face you my pussy rubbing against your shaft as I rub shower gel into your chest. You can’t take anymore of my teasing and rinse the shower gel off both of us, we get out the bath. 

You take my hand and lead me to our bedroom. We stand kissing and touching each other till you lay me on the bed and lie on top of me, still kissing. Your lips move down to my neck while your hand is resting on one of my breasts your fingers teasing my nipple. Your mouth lowers to my other nipple and you start nibbling away, not roughly or sore but not too gently either. My pussy is getting wetter with the anticipation of what you are going to do next. Your lips keep moving lower, kissing my stomach then the top of my legs. Your tongue finally reaches my clitoris as soon as you start licking me I let out a moan of enjoyment and my body starts to tremble with excitement. I’m so wet that one of your fingers slips in me with ease and I’m close to climax cause of the rhythm we have established. After you have made me cum, I move myself so that I’m sitting in top of your face and within reach to return the pleasure that you have just gave me. I start taking your length bit by bit into my mouth while circling it with my tongue, licking up and down. While kissing, licking and sucking you off my hands caress and tickle your balls till you can’t take anymore and explode in my mouth, we climax at the same time. I turn round and fall into your arms.

After a very short rest, you ask me to kneel and bend over slightly. You go behind me and put your very hard length in my still soaking pussy. As we get a good rhythm going, you take one of my hands off the mattress and move it to my clit. You help me to feel how wet I am, you put one of your drenched fingers in my mouth to let me taste my pussy. I’m getting hotter and more turned on by each stroke of cock hitting my G-spot, one of your hands helping me to masturbate and your other hand twisting and squeezing my nipples. You keep whispering in my ear how much you want me to cum all over your cock and how turned on I make you. I can’t control myself anymore, my body starts to quake, my groaning gets louder and my vision goes blurry. You stop holding back your second orgasm so that we can both cum together again. 

When we do climax it feels as if it’s never going to end, it’s such a euphoric feeling that neither of us want it to end. At that point we know we just don’t lust after one another but that it is one of the purest forms of love that we could have and we know it’s something that we will always hold close to our hearts!