 It was a hot summer night and Josh and Katie were entertaining an old friend they hadn't seen in a while. They were cooking on the grill while they sat on the back deck and drank and laughed. Jess used to live across the street but had moved out after getting married. She had a couple kids and had gone through a divorce and had moved back home with her parents until she found her own place. 

A few hours had gone by and Jess was getting quite drunk. She was always flirty when she drank and would flirt with Josh which Katie could tell he enjoyed and tonight was no different. Katie didn't seem to mind her flirting with Josh as it always made her a little excited. She has had fantasies about him being with another woman and him telling her about it as they had sex. This always made her pussy flood with juices as she masturbated to the thought of it. Tonight she decided to live out her fantasy. 

She pulled Josh inside and told him how horny she was getting watching them flirt and that she wanted him to fuck Jess while she watched from inside. They both came back outside and Katie told Jess that she was feeling pretty tipsy and was going to lay on the couch for a few minutes. As Josh and Jess stayed outside and continued to drink Katie positioned herself on the couch so that she could see them through the French doors leading to the back porch. 

Josh was quite surprised by Katie's request to let him fuck Jess but he was attracted to her and decided what the hell. The more Josh and Jess drank the closer she got and the more she touchy feely she became. Jess was practically sitting in his lap when he decided to go for it and he leaned in and kissed her. To his surprise she didn't pull away but began to kiss him back. Their tongues swirled around against each other as Katie watching from inside felt her pussy getting moist. As they continued to kiss Josh slid his hand under her shirt and started to caress her breasts as she slid her hand up his thigh toward his growing cock. He was wearing some cut off sweat pants so his erection was very obvious. He massaged her breasts paying attention to her nipples as they became hard. Her hand was now grasping his engorged cock as he let out a quiet moan. She began to slowly stroke his cock as she leaned to the side and kissed him on the neck. She slowly kissed around his neck as she could tell that he was enjoying this. She moved up to kiss his ear and whispered, "I want to suck you big dick". Josh positioned his chair so that Katie would be able to get a good view of this. Jess got on her knees between his legs and continued to stroke his cock on top of his pants as she slowly pulled on his waistband until his engorged member popped out. She grabbed his dick and slowly massaged it with her hand as she began to massage his balls with the other. Her mouth enveloped his balls as her tongue rolled his balls around as she sucked each one into her warm inviting mouth. She slowly licked up and down his shaft flicking her tongue on the bottom side of his swollen head as his cock jerked in anticipation of her hot mouth. She continued to lube his shaft with her saliva as she started to jack him off before taking his cock as deep as she could take it into her mouth. 

Katie, watching from the couch, felt her pussy instantly flood as her juices began to saturate her panties. She slid her hand down her shorts and felt her swollen clit almost cumming instantly. Her fingers continued down and parted her lips feeling how wet she was. Her finger slid into her pussy as deep as it would go before adding another finger. She slowly moved her fingers in and out of her pussy as she turned her attention back to Jess sucking his cock. 

Jess was stroking his dick as she took him deep into her mouth, saliva running down his dick onto his balls as she came up for air continuing to stroke his member. Her tongue teasing the head of his dick as he moaned in pleasure. Josh couldn't believe what was happening. He wondered if Katie was enjoying the show. Jess continued sucking and licking his dick alternating between his dick and his balls. Jess asked if he was enjoying himself and Josh could only manage to shake his head letting out a long moan. 

"My pussy is getting so wet sucking your cock. You taste so good, your dick feels so good in my mouth". With Josh's dick still in her mouth she reaches down and unbuttons her shorts and slides them off. Her fingers finding her wet pussy lips she slides her fingers up and down her slit burying 3 fingers in her pussy every few strokes. She gets her fingers soaked in her juices and rubs it all over Josh's erection licking it all off as fast as she can. She again goes to rubbing her pussy getting her fingers soaked again, sliding them in and out of her pussy. Josh can feel the vibrations of her moaning on his dick as she works her fingers deep in her pussy.

Katie can see Jess rubbing her pussy and is curious to what she tastes like. Katie's pussy was so slick with her juices that her fingers slid effortlessly in and out if her pussy. She couldn't believe how turned on she was by watching them. She wanted to be out there sharing her man's big cock with Jess. She can see how much Josh is enjoying himself.

Josh stands up and moves Jess into the chair and kneels between her legs kissing the inside of her thighs. He makes his way closer to her glistening pussy and moves across her clit just close enough that she can feel his warm breathe making her move her hips toward his mouth. He kisses all around her pussy teasing her and making her want it even more. He finally flattens his tongue and slowly licks her pussy starting at the bottom of her slit moving up to her clit. Her body shakes as he flicks his tongue across her clit. Her pussy feels hot as he slides his tongue between her lips plunging it deep into her pussy. Her hips are rocking up and down as she grinds her pussy into his face as he sucks her clit into his mouth. She let's out a long moan as she grabs the back of his head pushing it against her pussy. 

"God that feels so good, lick that pussy! Ooh yes that's it! Suck on my clit!" 

He alternates licking all over her pussy and sucking on her clit as he slides 2 fingers deep into her warm, wet pussy. She rocks back and forth fucking his fingers as he lets his tongue lightly flick her clit. He rubs her g-spot as he adds another finger. Her juices are flowing down her ass dripping onto the deck. Josh pulls his fingers out and rubs them up and down her slippery cunt. He's enjoying the view if her wet, shaved pussy. He notices her juices flowing down her ass and swirls his tongue around her tight little asshole before he pushes his tongue into her ass. Jess let's out a yelp, "Holy shit that feels good, ohhh fuck, lick my ass!! Tongue fuck me baby!" He continues to lick her ass, sliding his tongue inside her ass as far as he can. She jumps up from the chair putting her knees on the seat with her ass facing his face. "lick my ass" she tells him. He slides his fingers back inside her wet pussy as he forces his tongue deep into her ass. 

She pulls off her shirt and rubs on her tits enjoying the finger fucking she is getting. Josh pulls his fingers out of her pussy and rubs his index finger against her ass. He puts a little pressure against her tight ass and she slowly accepts his finger into her ass. She can't believe how good it feels and starts to rock back on his finger taking it deeper. He slowly works his finger in and out until her ass starts to relax. He then adds another finger and she again moves back onto it. He finger fucks her ass a little faster and she moaning and rubbing her clit as she says mutters between breaths, "oh my God, i'm gonna cum, fuck my ass, faster, faster, fuck yes, I'M CUMMING!" Her body quivers as she starts to climax. He can feel her ass tightening against his fingers with each orgasmic contraction. Her pussy juices running down her legs. Josh stands up and rubs his rock hard dick up and down her slit lubing the head of his dick with her pussy juices before he slides his dick inside her as deep as he can. He can still feel her pussy muscles contracting with each deep stroke inside her. 

Katie has 3 fingers inside her wet pussy fucking herself as fast as she can as she is fixated on the couple through the glass doors. One hand massaging her breast, pinching her nipple between her thumb and forefinger. She pulls her fingers out and slides them up and down her pussy lips. She can feel how swollen her lips are. She slides her index finger lightly across her clit while she uses her other hand to finger fuck herself as she watches Josh fuck Jess from behind. His hands tightly grabbing her hips pulling her back onto his hard shaft. She can see the pleasure on Jess's face as he hammers her pussy. Her fingers matching his thrusts wishing that with every thrust he would be pushing Jess's face into her pussy. She imagined Jess's tongue licking her pussy while Josh fucked her from behind. Katie feels her body start to tense in preparation for climax. She rubs her clit faster and faster watching Josh lean forward and grabbing Jess's tits. Katie's hips are moving up and down as she feels her muscles contact into a mind blowing orgasm. She feels her pussy tighten around her fingers as her cum oozes out of her pussy. Her whole body jerks with each contraction and her face contorts in pleasure. Her clit is very sensitive now but she continues to finger herself as she looks back toward the door. 

Josh is still fucking Jess from behind, he stands tall admiring get ass. He takes his thumb and begins to rub her little asshole slowing pushing it inside her. He can hear Jess moan louder. His thumb sliding in and out of her ass matches the rhythm of his dick sliding in and out.

"Oh fuck, keep going. I'm going to cum!"

He buries his thumb in her ass and fucks her into another orgasm.

"I'm CUMMING, yes, yes, fuck me harder! Fuck me!"

He feels her pussy tighten on his cock, squeezing it harder with each contraction. He feels his own orgasm approaching as he continues to thrust inside her. He's to the point of no return and pulls out as he shoots a stream of cum onto her ass. His balls squeezing out every last drop of cum onto her ass. Her pussy was still throbbing from her orgasm when Katie opened the door and "y'all ready for round two?"