 As we head downstairs, I watch her sexy body take each step. She definitely has me mesmerized as the kitchen light glows against her. She is so damn sexy! She gets to the couch, and turns to me pointing to the floor. She had already placed a blanket on the floor near the gas fireplace.

Amy turns to start the fireplace, "Do you like looking at my ass?"

"I think you know the answer. And it just isn't your ass." as I lean over to give her a playful spank on her ass. 

She whirls around and points to the same area on the floor as before, "I don't think I gave you permission to move from there!"

Like a scolded dog, I returned to the spot. I lean my back against the couch. She has the fireplace going, so her beautiful silhouette contrasts the bright flames. She straddles my thighs and leans against me and starts feeling under the couch. I can feel the warmth of her pussy radiate against my legs. She pulls out a blindfold, and she places it over my eyes before I knew what happened.

"Scoot to the middle of the floor and lay down and I will be right back. But do NOT peak." 

Enjoying her domineering tone was actually turning me on. I usually was the one to lead in most of my encounters. Wondering what was next, raised the level of sexual tingling in my body. 

I hear her footsteps coming, as I blindly lay naked where she demanded. It was her turn to see me laying naked, with my hardness standing at attention for her. With the blindfold, I had no visual. So, my mind kept wondering to watching her come down the stairs with that sexy as hell sweater that framed her beautiful breasts. I was thinking just a couple hours ago, I was restraining myself from touching them. 

"Ok, this will be a little warm. So, lay there and enjoy what I have in-store for you."

What the hell could be so warm that she needed to tell me? My mind raced with the endless possibilities. Then there it was, warmer than I had thought but it felt wonderful. She slowly poured the mystery warmth over my nipples. Then down my stomach to my saluting member. Then slowly added the liquid warmth to my sack. God, it felt wonderful. But I want to know what she is putting on me. 

I hear her setting the container holding this warmth. Then she whispers in my ear, "I have been looking forward to slowly licking this off you all night. I have been wanting to do this for awhile."

I felt my heart beating out of my chest in excitement and anticipation. My only response was licking my lips. She straddles me, allowing my tip to barely separate her pussy lips. Her heat is radiating out of her hot wet slit. I wanted her to just slam down on my hard cock and ride me. Ride me until she collapsed her sexy nakedness on my body. Then her tongue agonizingly licks my outer breasts which some of the mystery liquid ran down, and she was slowly working her way in for my nipple. After she flicks her tongue on my nipple to make it harder, her mouth covers my nipple, greedily sucking it.

As she stops, she playfully says, "Good! That is nice and hard. Should I do the same for the other?" As she teases me by rocking her hips on my fully engorged cock. I thought to myself, please just slide down on my and fuck me!

"Please." I barely could get out. My nipples are very sensitive and enjoy her attention. Her mouth took no time to tease my other nipple to rigidness, as she grinds against my thigh. Her juices helping her slide along my muscular thigh. As she slowly licks down my body further, her breasts brush up against my cock. The buildup of anticipation is driving me insane. She slides off my leg and spreads my legs, so she has full view. 

"I have wanted this as my dessert all night. Now I have you and you cannot get away. Give me your hands."

With no reluctance, I give her my hands. The cold steel penetrated my wrists, as she cinched them on, giving me a totally different sensation. The vast temperature contrasts from hot to cold has me off guard. I can't seem to anticipate her next move. Then she takes my balls in her mouth and greedily sucks me, as she strokes my cock in her hand. Damn this feels great! She then abruptly stops. 

I beg, "Please don't stop!"

"You are not cumming yet. I have more for you."

What the hell, I am on the brink of going crazy. I want her to take me over the edge, so I can let out my pent up tension.

Then she takes what feels like the bottom of a spoon, and places the warm mystery liquid on my lips. I start to open my lips to lick my lips to try and figure this mystery liquid out. 

"No! Do not lick your lips. I will help you."

Then I figured out it was melted chocolate. She starts licking my lips, then kissing them. Her oral skills are amazing no matter where she does it on my body, and it is driving me even more insane. She licks my lips clean and she whispers, "Place your cuffed hands on your chest."

I do. I fell her move, as she straddles my face. Her scent gives away what I need to do. As I lift my head, my tongue darts between her lips, until I find her clit. I devour her clit in my mouth, as I suck her swollen clit as if I will never be able to again. 

"Yes! That is what I want! I want you to suck and tongue fuck me to orgasm!"

I don't let up. I continue to tease her with sucking and my tongue. Her body starts to tense up and she grabs my hair to push me deeper into her pussy. Her muscles start to tense up and she cums all over my face with a loud moaning, "YEEEEEEEESSSSSSS!!"

She collapses next to me. 

"Oh my god that was intense. You made me cum so hard." as she gasps for breath. She reaches over to remove my blindfold. Then she reaches for the key to unlock the handcuffs. I watch her catching her breath as her chest expands and contracts. 

Reaching over to her, I passionately kiss her lips for several minutes. "I like how we taste together." I softly whisper above her lips. She nods agreeing.

She points to the mirror by the fireplace, "See that mirror? I need you to fuck me from behind. I want to look up and see the pleasure in your eyes as you fuck my tight box. When you cum, I want to watch the pleasure on your face as you pump your cum deep inside me. I want you to see the pleasure your hard cock gives me as I cum."

I watch her get on her hands and knees in front of the mirror. Quickly, I get behind her and insert my hard member with her guidance. I slowly thrust, her head collapses to the floor. "God, I love being fucked like this!" Amy muffles into the blanket. She looks up to see I love fucking her in this position.

My hands take her hips and start to increase the tempo and depth. Then I feel her finger massaging her clit, as I thrust into her. We are both breathing heavy and sound like two animals fucking. Her wet pussy is dripping and you can hear as much with each thrust. She looks in the mirror at me, "Amy, I will fuck you whenever you want and whatever position. Your pussy feels so damn good!"

"Your cock feels wonderful fucking my lonely pussy!"

She tightens her muscles around my cock. I can't take much more, "You want my cum, huh?" Next thrust, I load her soaked pussy with my cum. My cock becomes highly sensitive, as she clinches her muscles around my cock. I try to catch my breath as my hands keep her where I can stay deep inside. 

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" she screams. Her body withering from her orgasm. Then she pulls away and collapses to her stomach. I watch her pussy spasm, as our juices work there way out between her lips. A couple minutes later the euphoric orgasm I had subsided. I watch Amy as she regains her bearings about her. Still on my knees, she turns over and looks at me. She slides over and sits in front of me, and takes me in her mouth. I am so sensitive, I have to pull out of her mouth. 

"So, you have fantasized about me all this time. Now, it became a reality. How was it?" Amy says wickedly with a mischievous smile.

"Fucking awesome! And I want to be greedy and ask for more fantasies to become reality tomorrow." I replied like a horned up teenager. 

Amy enthusiastically replies, "Oh, we will. We will!"