 It was a special Friday night, just six short months after we had been together. Jean's son was away on a school trip and we both had the night off from work. Jean had cooked a wonderful supper, and after dinner while I was cleaning up the kitchen and doing the dishes she jumped into the shower, to get ready for our special night, the first night we have had alone, together, in the last three months.

After I had dried and put the last dish away, I went into the our bedroom and found the special present that I had bought for her. In our past love making sessions she had mentioned how much she enjoyed using toys during sex, and how much she missed the ones she had to get rid of when she moved. The day before, I went to the local adult book store and bought a eight inch by three inch dildo. I thought this present would spice up or sex life. I was finishing putting the batteries into the toy when I heard the water quit running and heard Jean humming a pleasant tune. Quickly, I put the vibrator under my pillow, until I could spring my surprise on her.

Stepping out of the bathroom, her red, blond hair wrapped in a towel and a body towel wrapped around her, she came up to me and gave me a deep sensuous kiss. "I am so glad we finally have a night to ourselves," she said after breaking our kiss, then she proceeded to the bedroom, closing and locking the door. It was my turn to use the bathroom for a quick shave and shower. Upon finishing up in the bathroom I stepped out to find Jean waiting for me, laying on the couch in a purple lace teddy.

Jean, at 5' 7" and 145 lbs. was not the most curvaceous woman on the world, but she had one asset that turned heads of both men and women, her chest. She had a 38 DD chest, and in the teddy she was wearing they stood proud from her chest, but, my favorite thing about Jean was not her chest but her legs and ass. Jean was a nurse at the local hospital, and from being on her feet all day, and going to the gym and working out four times a week, she had well toned legs and a firm sculptured ass, which were accentuated by the teddy she was wearing.

I disappeared into the bedroom, and slipped into a g-string that I had also picked up for this special occasion. Walking out into the living room Jeans eyes got as big as saucers when she seen the first of her two surprises of the night. I sat down next to her, and she instantly put her arms around me, snuggling up into my bare chest. We were just enjoying holding each other, snuggling, just enjoying each others company with no kids around. 

Jean started to rub my chest, running her fingers through the hair, something that just drives me wild. I leaned over and started nibbling on her neck, kissing ever so gently. Licking her neck, working my way to her ear, where I started blowing soothingly, whispering sweet nothings to her. Jean has very sensitive ears, and it was just like touching her "on" button. Her hand start to rub lower and lower, moving from my chest to my belly, then to my thighs.

I quit kissing her ears, and gave her a deep sensuous kiss, moving one of my hands behind her head and the other to her ample chest. I started caressing her bodacious boobs, circling her aureoles, tweaking her fast hardening nipples. Jeans hand were not idle either, she kept one hand caressing my thighs, and put her other hand back on my chest. 

As things started heating up, we decided to move our activities to the bedroom. I followed her into our room, holding her hand and staring at her voluptuous ass. Once in the room, Jean lit half a dozen or so candles, as I closed the blinds, and turned back the bed sheets. Neither one of us needed outside music as we would soon be making our own sweet sounds. 

I found the bed first, laying down on my back, relaxing, while I watched her finish lighting the candles. The soft glow cast over her, making her look like an angel. When she joined me in bed, she put her head down on my chest, immediately kissing my chest with light little pecks. She started trailing her kisses lower and lower, as I reached down and started running my fingers through her reddish blond locks. When she reached my thighs, she grabbed my g-string with her teeth and started tugging them down my legs. I lifted my hips up, helping her with her goal. When she got them to my feet, I kicked them off, and Jean immediately started kissing her way up my legs, alternating between one then the other. She reached the apex, and teasingly started to lick the inner most part of my thighs, driving me wild.

Tantalizing slowly, she began to work the tip of her tongue over my balls, lightly licking from one to the other. On one trip between the two balls, she stopped in the middle and started licking up the vein, until she reached the helmet. Taking her tongue she rimmed my head, once, twice, three times, and on the fourth time, she licked up the top of the helmet and stuck the tip of her tongue in my little hole, licking up my sweet tasting pre cum.

An instant after licking me dry of my pre cum, she engulfed my whole seven inches of manhood. As she reached the base of my cock she stuck what bit of her tongue out she could and tickled the tops of my balls, sending a shiver up my shaft that continued all the way to the top of my head. When she brought her tongue back in, she started humming very quickly, while at the same time slowly moving her lips back up to the top of my dick. My toes curled, my legs straightened, and goose bumps appeared all over my body as I was fighting back the greatest sensation I have felt in the last three months.

For the next ten minutes she continued her ministrations on my manhood. Deep throating me, humming on both the down and up strokes. Licking down my shaft, taking my balls into her mouth. A few times, she would lick the line in the middle of my sack back toward my tight hole. The last time she was kissing my hole, she took her hands and spread my cheeks, and stuck her tongue into my sensitive bung hole. When she finally worked her way up to my dick head, she took just the head into her mouth and hummed her happy tune, this time I couldn't hold back, I tapped the top of her head letting her know I was about to cum. She cupped my balls, feeling me tighten up, she lightly stroked me, helping the cum up my shaft into her waiting mouth. My first shot filled her up, when the second one started shooting she pulled away and let it hit her in the eye, with the third shot hitting her in the cheek, and the fourth and final one landing on her lips.

With out swallowing, or wiping the cum off her she crawled up my body, slipping her teddy off in the process. When she reached my head she bent down and gave me a deep tongue kiss. Unwittingly I stuck my tongue into her mouth, not realizing she hadn't swallowed my cum. At first taste I winced, then I started to enjoy the taste, realizing it wasn't so bad, I could see why she enjoyed swallowing my cum. When she ended our kiss, I was a bit disappointed, as I wanted to taste my own cum some more. 

I didn't have to wait long though, she bent back down, this time offering me her cheek. I stuck my tongue out and started to lick the big glob of cum that was stuck to her. This had a little sweeter taste, maybe since it wasn't watered down from Jeans talented mouth. It wasn't long, before it was gone. "MMMMMMM, it seems that you like the taste of your own cum!?"

"I wasn't sure about it at first, but when you didn't give me time to think about it, I just dove right in, and started to enjoy it. The cum on your face was much sweeter then the cum in your mouth. That must be what it taste like to get it right from the source." 

I didn't wait for an answer, I started kissing her again, first just a light loving kiss on the lips, then caressing her cheeks with my lips. Heading south, the kisses became more lustful as they reached her chest. Pushing her breast together I began to lick one nipple, then the other, but not before my face was devoured by her cleavage. When I came up for air, I went back to work on her nipples, this time I started to suckle on a nipple while pinching the other.

After I had finished nibbling on her nipples, I looked up, and seen that her eyes were rolled back, and I could see she was lost in lust. When I took a free hand and started to trail it down her belly to her thigh, she let out a slight gasp as I tickled the inside of thigh right next to her pussy. The journey of my oral pleasure only half over, I started nibbling my way down to my ultimate goal. When I passed her belly button, I stuck my tongue in and swirled it around for just a brief moment. As I did that, she reached down and started rubbing my head, and moaning a bit more.

When I reached her pussy lips, I blew a sweet puff of air on them, bringing out a very audible moan. " Please stop teasing me and just eat me," she said.

Not wanting to disappoint her, I took the tip of my tongue, and flicked her clit a few times, before taking a long, anguishing slow lick down her love lips. At the bottom, I flicked my tongue a couple times on each lip, while caressing her inner thighs with my hands. Jean continued rubbing my head while gently forcing my head into her crotch. Taking the hint, I took my tongue and plunged it in as far as it would go.

With my left hand I reached up and started to massage her right breast. My right hand snaking it's way up her side, tickling her ever so gently. When my hand stopped at her shoulders she thought I was going to grab her other breast, but instead I reached under the pillow, and grabbed the second present that I had in store for her. Jean was so lost in what I was doing to her with my tongue, she didn't notice me slide the vibrator from under the pillow. When I had the vibrator down where it belonged, I removed my tongue from her wet hole. She was about to protest until she felt my tongue tickling her clit. I was looking up at her, when I inserted the vibrator into her willing hole. Jeans eyes widened when she felt the foreign object in her, but they got even bigger when I moved the end piece turning it on. As the first vibration started tickling the inside of her love canal, she tensed up, for a few seconds, then relaxed with a loud " OOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHH MMMMYYYYYYYY GGGGGGGGODDDD," Then her hips started bucking and it was all I could do to keep my tongue on her clit. Reaching down I turned the vibrator up one more notch, she really started bucking and screaming. Finally she reached down and grabbed my ears and pulled me away from her wet sensitive pussy.

I left the vibrator in her juicy pussy, as I slid my way up her body. Kissing her passionately now, I reached down and removed the toy and instantly replacing it with my hard aching cock. Slowly pressing it inside her, inch by inch, letting her feel every bit of it, as it filled her to over flowing. When my hard cock bottomed out, I just lay there enjoying the feeling of her soft, tight love canal. As I started to pull out of her, I reached down and grabbed the vibrator and place the tip of it on her clit.


I began to slowly pump in and out of her while teasing her clit with the tip of the vibrating toy. I could feel her pussy getting wetter and wetter. Jean started to loose control, as she was thrashing around under me. I picked up my pace, fucking her harder and deeper. I turned up the vibrator to the highest level when I picked up my pace. At the feel of the ultimate vibration Jean let out a blood curdling scream, that I was afraid would elicit bangs on the walls from the neighbors. Jean started to orgasm so much cum started to shoot out of her pussy for the first time, since we have been together. Her body was shaking uncontrollably now, and she was screaming some sort of words that were unintelligible to the English language. With one last hard thrust deep into her now soggy pussy, she tensed up, her pussy muscles clamping around my dick she came so intensely that she sucked the cum right out of my dick. I tried to keep my shrinking dick in her, but with our combined juices it slid right out. 

I leaned down in an attempt to give Jean a kiss, but she lovingly pushed me away, "sorry honey" she said between huffing and puffing, "but you just fucked the breath right out of me." That brought a silly smile to my face, and a bit of a chuckle to both of us. 

I figured if I couldn't kiss the lips under her nose, why not give her sex lips a kiss. I got up on my hands and knees and turned around so my face was by her legs and my now limp dick was resting near her head. I had never had a cream pie before, but after enjoying my cum from her mouth, I wanted to bring her to another orgasm while enjoying both our juices mingled together. 

I was a little tentative when I went in for my first taste of her cum filled pussy, seeing my own cum dribbling from her lips. I remembered what it tasted like on her cheeks and during our kiss, so I just stuck my tongue out and started lapping at the pool of cum that had accumulated on her lips. Jeans eyes flew open for the second time that night as she propped herself up to look at what I was doing. 

"Damn Dave, you really must like the taste of your cum!"

"I love the taste, I wish we would have done this along time ago."

"Now I know you like the taste, I think we will be doing more of that," then she added, "Have you ever wondered what it would be like to taste another guys cum? I have always fantasized about watching a guy suck another guys cock."

"I have never done anything like that before, but the thought of sucking another guys dick has crossed my mind before. Now knowing it would turn you on it is even more tempting" I replied. 

With that being said Jean grabbed me and pulled me up beside her, and now it was time for a surprise for me, she had the now silent vibrator in her hand. "Let's see how good you would be at giving head," she said. Pointing the vibrator toward me, I needed no more encouraging, I ran my tongue around the fake head, circling the helmet of my first "cock." 

Looking up at her, I opened my mouth and started swallowing as much of it as I could. Making it only about half way down before my gag reflex started taking over, Jean said " just swallow, swallow like you are drinking a glass of water." 

Following her instructions, I started going down on my fake cock, this time I made it a few inches farther. I started bobbing up and down now, every once in awhile I would pull completely off and start licking up and down the shaft. As if to show me what I should do while sucking and licking a dick, Jean was caressing my balls with her own hands.

"It looks like you are a natural cocksucker," Jean said with a chuckle.

"Gee thanks, I think."

I gave Jean one last passionate kiss, before pulling the covers up over us and snuggling up next to her. "I think we should get some sleep, we have all day tomorrow to continue what we started tonight." Jean returned the kiss, closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep.

Being hungry when I woke up, and waking up before Jean did, I decided to continue, where I had left off last night. I crawled under the sheets and started kissing her inner thighs. In the diffused light, I could still the dried love juices stuck to her pussy lips. I liked the taste of fresh cum, but I was a little hesitant about tasting our dried juices. Throwing caution to the wind, I dove in head first, slowly licking her out lips at first.

The dried juices weren't the best tasting, but as she subconsciously started to get excited, and wet, the flavor started to return, which gave me more incentive to dive in farther with my tongue. Taking my hands and spreading her lips apart, I could see our combined love juices beginning to seep out. I stuck my tongue in without reservation and started to lap up as much as I could. When I couldn't get my tongue in any further I began to flick, lick and suck as fast as I could. That is when I felt Jeans hands on the top of my head.

"Good morning sweety," she said with a bit of quiver in her voice.

Stopping just briefly, I moved the sheet off her hips, looked up into her eyes, and said, " Good morning to you to honey, I hope you like your wake up call."

"Like it? I love it, I wish waking up could be like this all the time."

While she was talking I had went back to eating out her still sperm filled pussy. Sticking a finger in her pussy, followed closely by my tongue. I continued my ministrations, getting her more hot and bothered with every passing minute. I took another finger and added it to her, while I used a finger from my other hand to start rolling her clit around. Jean started moaning, when I touched her clit. When I added a third finger, she went nuts, she started shrieking at the top of lungs, and thrashing around. Her juices were coming out so fast, I couldn't keep up my lapping.

When she finally settled down, I removed my fingers from your love triangle, and crawled back up to her, and gave her a wet pussy flavored kiss. Jean just ate me up, she couldn't get enough of the taste. She wanted more and more, so I fed her my fingers, one at a time, letting her suck off all her love juices off them. 

By the time we had both calmed down, and decided to get out of bed it was 10 o'clock. From our talk last night during our sexual romp, I had come up with an idea to fulfill her fantasy of watching another man suck a dick. 

"Let's get dressed, I have another surprise for you."

"I have to take a shower, do my hair and makeup..."

"Hold on, hold on," I interrupted. "Go ahead and put some make up on, and do your hair, put on the little sexy mini skirt and blouse outfit you have, but I want you to go out just the way you are, all sexed up and ready for more."

Jean looked at me with a puzzled look, "what exactly do you have planned for us today?"

"You will just have to wait and find out, but I can guarantee you, you won't be disappointed."

I got out of bed, and went to the kitchen to start some coffee, while she started getting ready. Dropping off the coffee to her in the bathroom, I proceeded into the bedroom to get ready for our little adventure. Slipping my g-string back on, I put on a real loose fitting pair of pants, and a skin tight silky shirt. 

When Jean came into the bedroom, she was wearing a sexy pair of panties and bra set. I whistled at her, "Wow those are some sexy undies, but you won't be needing them," I told her. Again she looked at me with a puzzled look, but without saying a word she did a little striptease for me.

I wanted to fuck her right then and there, but I know if I started anything, we would never get to the adult book store and I would loose my nerve that I had built up. I gave her a quick peck on the cheek and walked out into the living room, waiting for her to come out dressed and ready. When she did appear, I got an instant woody, she looked so sexy. I was hoping I could get her into the store without some guy mauling her.

Out in the car, she finally asked..."So, Dave, where are we going all dressed up and smelling like sex?"

I just looked over at her, blew her a kiss and kept driving. Five minutes later, we where pulling into the parking lot of the adult bookstore "Paradise by the Red Light." "OK now I know WHERE we are going, but my next question is, What are we doing here," she inquired. 

"Well sweety, I have a little surprise in store for you today, and if after finding out what it is, don't try to talk me out of it, because I don't know if I will ever be able to do it again."

"What is the surprise, so I know if I want to talk you out of it or not," Jean asked as we were walking into the store. I just pretended I didn't hear her and walked up to the guy at the counter. Jean didn't know what I was doing, as she was to busy looking around, as this was her first time in Paradise, as it is known around town. 
