 Edited by Lovely Anon

*****

Some people would say the best thing about teaching in an all-boys school is that you could eye up attractive young men. I think differently, it's that they spend most of their time eyeing me up. Of course I never show anything back, apart from the odd occasion when I'd wear a particularly sultry outfit just to have a day where all is get is my students checking out my ass.

When it came down to it the only ones I had any interest in were those that had potential to learn, I suppose that comes with being a teacher, I didn't see any of my students in a sexual way. The teachers on the other hand, I could definitely say I had spent some time eyeing up one in particular.

I hadn't had a lesbian encounter since my days in uni, but this girl made me want to change that as soon as possible. Felicia Whyte, one of my schools P.E teachers, was stunning. Flowing blond hair, gorgeous C-cup breasts and a tight ass to top it off, she was my ideal girl. 

I had no proof she felt the same way about me, we rarely spoke out of school and even then it wasn't often. There had been a time we had been talking and something distracted me, in the corner of my eye I had seen her take a good look down at my breasts, to be honest I wasn't surprised. 

Come to think of it despite all of the ogling I get from students none of them have ever made a move on me and considering the amount of boys I've taught over the last few years, it's a little insulting.

I was determined to get Felicia on her own, not to make a move or anything, but to ask her out on a date of sorts. I knew she went running every morning and being as we didn't live that far apart I intended to ask if I could join her. So after weeks of thinking about what to say I decided to do it.

It was a Thursday afternoon and I had just taught my year 11 English class. Walking down towards the staff room where I'd sometimes eat lunch I continued to the school gym where I knew Felicia had just finished teaching. Moving quickly but without looking suspicious I got to the gym before the class had left. 

As I entered the gym I had a sight to behold, Felicia was bent over straightening out the crash mats. Her tight ass was clad in even tighter yoga pants and her black T-shirt pulled into her body, pushing out her tits which were outlined beautifully by faint lines of sweat. After all the weeks of preparation I completely shut down, Felicia never dressed conservatively but this was something else, it was as if she knew what I was planning on doing.

I spent a few more moments staring at that perfect ass until she turned around. 

"Hey Steph, what's up?" Felicia smiled.

I blinked a few times to straighten myself out, seeing her like this made want to take her here and now, I had to rub my thighs together to relieve some of the pressure. 

"Not much Felicia, you?" I finally replied.

"I just had a year 11 sports class; they spent half the lesson staring at my ass. It's not as if these are that revealing." She articulated the point by turning her back to me and pulling the yoga pants even tighter, bouncing her ass a little as she did.

"They're teenagers," I put it simply as she turned back to me. The sight of her bouncing her ass like that had turned me on even more.

"Yeah, well I'm sure we've both been the subject of their fantasies at some point." We both laughed at that. Of course I neglected to tell her she was the subject of mine.

"So what did you come down here for?" She asked. It is kinds obvious I came here with a purpose, being as my room is on the other side of the school. 

"I was wondering if you still went running in the morning before school?"

"Yeah course I do. Why?"

"Well I was hoping I'd be able to tag along, I haven't really got the inclination to go to the gym after work. I could use the workout." I hoped I didn't doing too obvious.

"With legs like those?" She replied. 

I was stunned, did she just say that? Pretty much admitting she had been admiring my body.

"But feel free to join me, meet at my place tomorrow at 6?" 

"Sure" I said, this had gone just the way I'd wanted it too.

"Great, I'll see you then" and with that she walked out the room. I wasn't sure if I'd imagined it but I'm sure I saw a gratuitous wiggle of her stunning ass as she left.

I was insanely horny; I had never seen another woman like that for years and especially one so attractive. Without hesitating I moved quickly back up to my room, locking the door behind me I still had 20 minutes until the end of break and although it was risky I sat in my chair and pulled down my trousers and panties. My orgasms were a noisy affair so I had to do my best to keep quiet. 

My pussy was already dripping with my juices by the time my hands got down there. I was already so wet I was able to slip two fingers straight inside and began working myself hard, biting down on my bottom lip as I did. I don't think is ever been this wet, even my boyfriend couldn't turn me on like this.

As my arousal heightened my left hand made its way up to my perfect C-cup tits and I began to fondle the sensitive flesh, playing with my hard nipples through my shirt. The tension grew too much and I pulled apart the buttons of my shirt and my breasts from my bra allowing the soft material to pools at my hips. I felt so much better but it felt like I wasn't doing enough, even with my heavy breath and soft moans of pleasure. 

I felt as though my fingers wouldn't go in deep enough and I actually considered getting in one of my 6th forms to fuck me, I quickly decided against it. Instead I brought my hand away from my gleaming pussy and sucked the two fingers clean, there was nothing more in the world I liked the taste of better than a female orgasm, even if I hadn't cum yet. I knelt on my chair bending forward over the backrest, bringing my two fingers back between my legs and into my pussy again. This time they went in much deeper and with my panties around my knees I reached back with the other hand and spanked my ass, hard. 

Everyone in the corridor must have heard the sound but the thought of being caught turned me on even more than the spanking. My moans and sighs grew even louder as my orgasm drew closer. After hearing no disturbance after the first I slapped my perfect round ass again, even harder, forcing my fingers further into my soaking cunt. 

All I could imagine was Felicia's ass, kissing it, caressing it, spanking it. I pictured it was her here now, her fingers deep inside me, her voice whispering dirty encouragement. I could feel my orgasm on top of me and I spanked my ass with all my strength as I came, biting into the fabric of the chair to stop me from crying out. I came hard, like a tidal wave crashing over me, my juices covering my hand as I continued to finger myself through my orgasm.

I slumped back into my chair, my pussy dripping into the fabric. I licked my hand clean, not wasting a drop of my orgasm as it exploded on my taste buds. I sighed contently, still breathing heavily when I realised how I must look. Glancing at the clock I still had a few minutes to make myself presentable.

I stood up and swiftly pulled up my panties and trousers, I then fixed my bra and slightly buttoned up my shirt just leaving a trace of my red bra visible below it. I figured after that the least I could do was give me next class something to look at. I tided my hair, letting the brunette locks flow over my shoulders as it looked better than tying it back. I looked in my mirror and saw how red my face was, there was nothing I could do about that and it might be interesting to hear how my pupils think I spent my break.

The class filed in and it was my year 13 A-level students, I don't know if it was the fact I was still turned on or the maybe I just never noticed before but as they sat down one pupil caught my eye. Jack Watson an A* student, sat a few feet in front of me. I remembered that he'd turned 18 a few months back as his friends had made a big fuss of it. He didn't stand out in the class but he was actually really attractive, he was pretty well built you could tell he worked out but his bold and cocky American demeanour distracted from it.

The hormones raging around my body probably didn't help but I was suddenly in the mindset climb across the table and have him fuck me in front of the entire class. Shaking myself back to reality I got up and began to teach the lesson, ignoring the heat in my loins. As we approached the last few minutes of the lesson, and of that day, I looked up from my work at Jack and as confidently as I could said.

"Jack would you mind staying behind for a few minutes, I need to talk to you about your project."

"Yeah sure Miss, what's the problem?"

Quickly I thought of a response "I'd rather not explain in front of the class."

This confused Jack and the rest of the class, he'd been in trouble for late assignments before but his work was top notch.

As the bell rung the class shuffled out, a few glancing confused looks at me and Jack. His grades were not down to him being geeky, he didn't look as though he was that kind of person, but because he spent as much time training as he did doing work.

When the last of the pupils left I got up and closed the door. Jack looked confused but I would put that to rest soon enough. With my back still to him I tucked my white shirt even further into my trousers, which pushed out my tits even more, and unbuttoned another part of the shirt. I must have looked pretty slutty but that's what I was aiming for. The look on Jack's face when I turned around meant my change in costume had the desired effect. He was a teenage boy after all and every almost every pupil I taught wanted to fuck me, so the fact that he could almost see my breasts would have made him horny. 

Jack was still sat in his seat so I walked over and sat on the row of desks in front of him, the gap between us must have been less than 6feet. 

"So what was it you wanted to see me about Miss?" Jack asked.

I had almost forgotten my reason, but I quickly replied.

"Yes your project, let me just get it." 

The students had been working on Shakespeare and it was quite a long and boring topic. I got off the table and turned around, bending over the desk to reach my bag where the projects were kept. My tits were flush against the table and Jack must have had an excellent view of my ass. I spent as long as I could rummaging around in my bag, wiggling my ass to get him really turned on.

When I got the project I sat back on the desk, holding to project in my lap I used my arms to push my tits together as I read. After a brief moment I got up and sat next to Jack, placing the project on the desk I said.

"I just want you to talk me through the direction you want to take this." I tried to be as nonchalant as possible.

As Jack stumbled for words a quick glance down at his crotch showed me just what I wanted. There was an obvious bulge, I wasn't sure how he thought I'd miss it, but I continued all the same. Before Jack even began speaking I brushed my hand across his thigh and rested it on his cock. At first he was obviously surprised but like any teenage boy within moments he was rock hard. I knew if I wanted a shag I could have gone home to my boyfriend but there was something about fucking a student that was actually a huge turn on.

"I thought as much" I said calmly.

"What are you doing?" He asked, shocked. It obviously wasn't normal for a teacher to grab a student's package in the middle of a study lesson.

"Feeling your cock." I replied with a smile. Even through the layers of clothing I could tell he was enjoying it. "It's nice" I finished, trying to make him comfortable.

"You shouldn't be doing this." He said. As soon as the words left his mouth it was obvious he regretted it, so I carried on.

"I know."

I continued to stroke him through his pants and it was obvious he spent the next few moments trying not to cum. 

"So why don't you ask me to stop?" I said. I did want to check he wanted this as bad as I did.

"Because I don't want you to." He managed.

A bright smile grew on my face. "Predictable" and with that I dropped from the chair and onto my knees, the carpet soft underneath them. In one motion I unzipped his trousers, took out his cock and put it in my mouth.

I hadn't exactly measured his length before I swallowed him but Jack must have easily been 9 inches. It felt fantastic having his rock hard length in my mouth and I could tell he felt pretty good too. This was an experience for both of us, my boyfriend rarely let me suck him off because he thought it was derogatory or some such shit. But this was something else, an opportunity like this didn't come along often and the both of us wanted to make the most of it.

Spurred on by his low, pleasured moans I bent my hips forward and pushed out my ass. Taking this as a sign to go further Jack lent over and began to play with it, squeezing the soft flesh in his hands. I felt incredible, Jack's cock was almost fully buried in my mouth as he leant over and I was determined to take in his whole length. Relaxing my throat I began to take in more of his length with each bob of my head and I looked up at him with lust filled eyes. 

Glancing down at me Jack could tell what I needed and he pulled down my grey work trousers, revealing my red panties. He paused for a moment, this was obviously a big leap but with a jump of confidence he continued to play with my ass. He massaged the flesh for a few moments before removing his hand, I was confused as to why but as I found out I almost came. With force Jack brought down both his hands to spank my ass, the pleasure was immense but the slap broke the barrier and Jack's length entered my throat. I could feel myself gag, trying to force his cock out but I held it there, the clutch I felt was amazing and by the look in his face the fact that I was deep-throating him was going to make him come.

Jack spanked my ass again and I could tell my panties were going to be soaked. I continued to deep-throat him as Jack began to play with my covered pussy with one hand and with the other caressed my ass. I could feel his cock brush the back of my throat with each movement oft head, his hand squeezing my ass and the other running around my pussy. 

We both wanted more so to encourage him I cupped his balls with one hand and use the other to guide his hand under my panties. As soon as he knew I wanted him to he began to finger me and the feeling was sublime. He wasn't new to this, that much was obvious but he knew exactly what to do. His thumb rubbed against my clit while two of his fingers thrust inside my soaking cunt. 

The pleasure was immense, his long fingers curling inside me to touch my G-spot and my scream was muffled by his cock. He pushed down my panties with his other hand and once again spanked my ass; I would definitely have some red marks there in the morning. His motions against my pussy began to slow down and when I looked up at him his eyes were fluttering, I could feel his cock throbbing in my mouth it was clear he was about to cum. I kept going; not wanting to waste this chance but Jack pulled out of my mouth and pulled me into my feet. He kissed me deeply, his tongue battling with mine for control over the kiss.

Breaking apart he sat me on the table and pulled my legs apart, not that he had needed to use any force, so my pussy was spread apart. I could tell Jack wasn't sure where to go next, taking control of the situation I pulled his blazer and tie off his body and tore off his shirt, revealing his muscular body. His returned the favour, tearing my shirt open so the buttons flew everywhere and to be honest I didn't care, with much less fumbling than I was expecting he took off my bra and added it to the pile of clothing. He immediately began to fondle my breasts; he kissed down my neck and into my tits, running his tongue around my hard sensitive nipples. 

One of his hands made its way back to my pussy and he began to thrust two fingers in and out. Without anything to muffle my screams I cried out in pleasure. Jack quickly covered my mouth with his hand and whispered into my ear.

"There's still plenty of people around, you'd better be quiet if you want to cum."

I was stunned, I had no idea how to react but sensing the almost serious tone I bit down on my bottom lip to keep myself quiet. Jack removed his hand from my mouth and began to rapidly finger me. His thumb pressing down on my clit, his other hand fondling my tits I moaned in pleasure a lot quieter than before. Jack looked me dead in the eye.

"Good girl,"

I tried to come up with some way to regain control of the situation but my vision blurred when Jack slammed a third finger into my pussy. Being honest I loved being with someone so confidently dominant, it was turning me on even more than the idea of fucking a student. I didn't want him to think he was completely in control so I grabbed his cock in my hand and began to stroke him quickly. 

Jack was still kissing around my tits so taking my hand away from his cock I pushed him back into the desk behind him so he was at on it. The removal of his three fingers from my pussy was a huge change for my system so I dropped to my knees in front of him and placed his cock between my tits. I looked up at him expectantly and said.

"Fuck them." 

Jack froze momentarily before moving forward and he began to thrust his cock between my huge tits. I pressed my breasts together and began to move my body in tandem with his thrusts. I used one arm to hold my tits around his cock and my free hand went down to my pussy I once again started to finger myself, I knew neither of us had until we came but I wanted to get as much into this experience as possible.

Jack was fucking my tits like there was no tomorrow and it want long before he let out a long, low moan. I pulled away from him and pushed his back to the table so he was lying flat on his back. I got up onto the table and kneeled above him. He was looking up at me with my tits in his face. With one hand on his chest holding him down I used the other to grab his hard length and guide it to my pussy. 

I screamed in pleasure when he entered my dripping cunt and in no time at all he was fully buried in my wetness. I held there for a moment before Jack began thrusting up into my pussy. One of his hands went straight to my ass and briefly squeezed the flesh before spanking me. To prove my control I moaned.

"Not hard enough," 

Jack accepted the challenge and spanked my ass even harder. The pleasure was insane, I had a nine inch cock balls deep inside me with every thrust, my ass was being spanked my strong muscular arms and I began rubbing my clit as Jack fucked me. He spanked my ass again even harder and I cried out.

"Now you're talking!"

It wasn't going to be much longer until I came so I leant down and kissed Jack, forcing my tongue into his mouth I owned the kiss as he continued to fuck me.

I sat back upright and began playing with my tits as my organs quickly approached. I was going to make sure he still knew who was in control and wipe that smug smile off his face.

"Yes that's it..fuck my tight little pussy. Ohh yes, spank my ass...harder, YES!! Oh god, keep fucking me like that. You like this don't you, you like fucking your hot teacher." 

I was ready to cum there and then before I screamed.

"Ohh holy fuck yes I'm gonna cum, that's make that tight pussy cum. Oh god, oh God harder, yes harder, more, mmmmmmm fuckkkkkk!"

My orgasm crashed over me as Jack's cock was covered with my cum. Still coming down from the high of my orgasm I jumped of Jack and dropped back onto my knees. Once again I swallowed Jack's length, I could taste my orgasm on his cock and it was incredible. I was about to do something I had only seen in porn. I sucked rapidly on the first few inches of his cock, my hand speedily stroking the rest. 
