 It started out as a day not unlike any other. My work load was small and I had only a couple of service calls scheduled. I was at my desk, preparing to journey forth when the phone rang. A sultry voice on the other end of the line identified herself as Lisa Baker and asked if we made house calls for computer repair or did she have to bring the unit into the shop. I told her we made house calls and if the machine had to come in the shop there would be no charge for pick-up and delivery. I told her I could probably be there around 1:00 p.m. She said anytime was fine as she was home all day and had no plans to go out until late that afternoon. So we scheduled the service call.

My first call of the day took a lot less time than I anticipated, so I headed to Lisa's house thinking I could get this one out of the way and perhaps have a short day. Little did I know it would be a rather long day, but one I shall never forget.

When I arrived at her door I was greeted by middle-aged woman dressed in a house coat.

"Hi, I'm Mike from Certified Computers. I know I am a bit early and if it is not a good time I can come back at one," I said through the screen of the door.

"No, no. Come on in," she said as she opened the door for me.

As she escorted me to the back of the house I casually perused her form. She was about 5'8" tall with shoulder length red hair. Although the robe hung loosely about her, disguising her shape from my prying eyes, I guessed she weighed about 150 pounds. As we passed through her bedroom door she stopped and pointed to the computer which sat on a desk against the near wall.

"I don't know what's wrong with it. I turned it on this morning and all I got was this message about CMOS something or other and something about run setup again," she said as her green eyes locked with mine.

I looked at the computer, noting it was a three-year old Packard Bell model. In the humid environment of South Florida, it is not uncommon for soldered-in CMOS batteries to die prematurely. I always carried a couple in my brief case so I figured this one was gonna be easy.

I looked back at Lisa and smiled. "No problem, I can probably have it fixed in short order, Lisa."

"Oh, I hope so. See, I spend a large portion of my day seated in front of it. It has almost become my life," she laughed.

Then, as she looked closer at me I saw her furrow her brow as if in concentration.

"Have we met before?" She inquired.

"I don't think so. I meet a lot of people in my day to day work, but I know I have never been in this neighborhood before."

"Oh, well you just look familiar and I don't usually forget a face."

"Perhaps I look like a movie star or something," I laughed. "You know, Quasimodo or something?"

She laughed hard at that. "No, Mike, Quasimodo you ain't."

As I set my brief case down and moved to disconnect the various cables from the CPU she walked to the door.

"I was just gonna step in the shower when you arrived. If you don't mind I think I will go ahead and bathe while you work on the computer."

"Sure, go ahead. I'll be fine here."

In less than two minutes I had the cover off the case. Just as I suspected, the CMOS battery was all oxidized on each end. With a pair of side-cutters I clipped it out of circuit and placed an external battery in the case. Within moments I had the computer reassembled and powered on. After running the setup utility I leaned back and took in my surroundings as the computer booted up.

Directly behind me was a queen sized bed with floral print sheets tucked neatly in the corners. Strewn about the bed were an assortment of pillows and a couple of stuffed toy animals. Directly to my left was a 21" TV on a small stand with a VCR on top. On the wall to my left was a large bookcase filled largely with paperback novels - romances for the most part. On the bottom shelf was a row of video tapes. As I waited for Win95 to finish its laborious boot up process, I got out of the chair and walked over to the bookcase. Squatting down I scanned the labels on the video tape boxes and chuckled to myself as I noticed the majority of them were porno flicks.

A beeping from the computer returned my attention to the task at hand. The operating system was asking for Scandisk to be run so I hit the enter key as I sat back down in the large office chair at the desk.

I could hear the shower running in the background as I waited for the utility to finish running. Finally the Windows desktop appeared and I began to check the configuration settings. In the process of checking out the operating system I accidently clicked on the documents folder in the start menu. As I was fixing to close it I noticed that the 10 or so documents listed were all jpeg files. Curious to see what Lisa had been looking at (we computer techs do discover a lot of things about peoples on-line habits) I started Quicktime for Windows and then began opening each of the jpeg's.

"Woah Ho!" I mumbled to myself as each one popped up on the screen. The pics were of nude men, most of them were crotch shots of guys stroking their cocks. Now I spend a LOT of time on cu-seeme adult reflectors and I recognized some of the names that are posted in the top left hand corner of the pics. Apparently Lisa had been cruising some of the adult reflectors and had used a screen capture utility to capture a few of the vids.

I got down to one pic labled "Snag 09". When I opened it I almost fell on the floor. It was a picture of me! That's right, Lisa had been on a reflector the same time that I had been on and it must have been a good night for me cause there I was - leaned back in my chair, my cock in my hand, my gaze fixed upon the monitor before me.

Now I know I have never seen this woman on cu before and I looked about and noticed there were no cameras visible on or around the computer desk. I momentarily opened cu-seeme on her computer and discovered her nick was "SuziQ". Apparently she was one of the lurkers that most of us don't see (after all it IS CU-SEE ME) .......LOL

Well, at this point my cock was growing in my trousers. In my mind I was visualizing Lisa seated in this chair, hands busy between her legs as she watched the exhibitionistic antics of horny men on her computer. My hand slipped under the waist of my trousers and grasped my cock as I sat there musing over the smallness of the world and how coincidence can play a large part in people's lives. 

I must have been quite distracted for I didn't hear the shower quit and didn't know Lisa was returning until I heard her gasp as she reached the door to the bedroom. I snatched my hand out of my trousers as I turned to regard Lisa, my face burning in shame.

"Oh my God!" She cried out as she looked at the computer monitor and the pics of nude men on the screen. Her hand flew up to her mouth and I saw a flush creep up from her neck to leave her face livid as she blushed.

We both seemed to be frozen in place. Me gaping up at her like a kid caught with his hand int he cookie jar and she with a look of mortification upon her face. She began to physically shake as she edged closer to the computer.

"I, uh, I'm sorry," I mumbled.

Slowly her gaze moved from the computer to lock on me. As she removed her hand from her full lips, she took a deep breath and sighed.

"Well, I guess you know my secret, huh?" She said as a slow smile came to her lips.

Sensing I was out of hot water, I hesitated and thought hard and fast before I replied.

"Yeah, you seem to have the same secret as a whole lot of people, Lisa, including me."

"Oh really??"

"Yeah, I have fixed a lot of computers in my time and I can assure you, a significant amount of them have sex pics and stories stored on the hard drives."

"Ha ha ha. Is that the truth?"

"Oh yeah. You would be surprised at some of the things I have seen."

"You like Internet Porn, Mike?" She asked as she stepped closer to me.

"Uh huh. I especially like Cu-seeme, Lisa. I am on it almost every night."

As she looked down at my smiling face, I saw her eyes grow wide. Her glance darted to the screen then back at me.

"Is that you?" She asked as she pointed to one of the pics on the screen.

"Yep, in all my glory," I replied with a snicker.

"Oh my!" She gasped as she leaned over and enlarged my picture on the computer.

As she leaned over her robe parted slightly at the neck and I was afforded a view of a small, perky breast capped with a lovely pink nipple surrounded by a small aureola.

Emboldened by her obvious acceptance of the situation, I decided to see just how far this would go.

"Did you like watching me, Lisa?"

"Ummmmm, yes - very much so," she said with a smile as she turned her head to regard my questioning gaze. I know she could see where I had been gazing and yet she did nothing to close off my view.

"Were you playing too while you watched me?" I asked hesitantly.

"But of course, silly. Do you think I could sit here and watch such a man get himself off without becoming aroused?"

She laughed as she straightened back up. "It just pissed me off that your vid kept freezing and I didn't see you cum."

"Yeah, that is the only thing I hate about cu-seeme. The vids will freeze sometimes and then when it does get around to refreshing the show is over," I responded.

"I hope you don't mind me capturing your vid, Mike. I know it is a no-no, but I don't do anything else with them but keep them here for my own enjoyment."

"Not at all, Lisa. Matter of fact it turns me on to think you like my pic so much that you would save it for other masturbation sessions."

The red once again rose to her prominent cheekbones as she clutched her robe to her bosom.

Silence fell between us. Slowly her gaze moved from my eyes and traveled over my form. I could almost feel the intensity of her perusal and my cock seemed to swell even more as her gaze fell to my lap. I heard her breathing catch as she beheld the shape of my cock, sharply defined at the crotch of my denim slacks. Her hand rose to her throat and slid down her neck as her gaze remained fixed on my obvious arousal.

"You, uh, seem to be in some distress there, Mike."

"Well, thinking of you watching me and playing with yourself has me pretty damn hot, Lisa," I said as I pondered how to phrase what I wanted to say next.

I decided that directness might be in order so I took a deep breath and plunged forward.

"Would you like to see what you missed the other night?" I asked softly.

"Huh?" She asked as she looked back into my eyes.

"Would you like to see me cum, Lisa?"

"Ohhhh yessss...." She hissed as her hand moved further down her neck and her fingers moved under the fold of her robe.

I rose out of the chair and stood before her. As my hands moved to the buttons of my shirt I gazed into her eyes and spoke. "You want me to take off all my clothes for you? You want to watch me caress my body and stroke my rigid cock while I cup my balls and tickle my scrotum with the other hand?"

"Yes, I want to watch you make love to yourself, Mike," Lisa sighed softly as her gazed fixed upon my hands.

As I unbuttoned my shirt I watched as Lisa's right hand reached inside her bath robe to cup her left breast. Even through the thin fabric of the material I could tell she was rolling her nipple between her thumb and forefinger.

"Sooo hot!" She muttered as I shrugged off my shirt and tossed it on the back of the chair.

As my hands descended to unfasten my belt and trousers, hers moved to untie the robe at the waist. The garment hung loosely at her side and I could just make out the shadow of her pubes in the small gap afforded by her actions.

As I stepped out of my trousers she moved toward me. I hooked my thumb in my shorts while she ran her hand across my chest, combing my abundant fur with her fingertips.

"I love your chest - thick and masculine - not like those hairless boys on the beach," she purred.

I reached out with both hands and caressed the sides of her face with my fingertips before allowing them to trail softly and gently down her neck and across her torso. She grasped edges of her robe and pulled it slowly across her shoulders and allowed it to fall as a puddle on the floor at her feet. She grasped my hands in hers and guided them to my swollen member. Then she placed her hands on my shoulders and gently pushed me back into the chair. As I started to fondle myself she moved to the foot of the bed and sat on the edge. Her left hand moved to her left breast and squeezed it as her right hand descended to the juncture of her parted legs.

Lisa licked her lips and gazed into my eyes as her middle finger slid between the wet folds of her swollen sex. I raised my left hand to my lips and licked my palm, depositing moisture on it and the insides of my fingers. Cupping my scrotum with my right hand, I grasped my cock in my left and began to stroke it slowly.

"Oh yess, Jack that fat cock for me, Mike. Squeeze it, stroke it, make love to your beautiful cock," she said as she plunged first one then two fingers within herself.

The head of my cock was swollen purple. Rigid in such a manner as I have seldom felt, it seemed to throb with the intensity of my arousal. A few drops of pre-cum oozed from the orifice and I took my thumb and spread the slick fluid over the head and around the glans.

"Oh, I love to see that - the pre-cum leaking out. You like watching me diddle myself, Mike?" Lisa asked as she brought her other hand down to run tiny little circles around her erect clit.

She was wet. I could hear the fluids squishing about as she plunged her fingers in and out of her love tunnel. Once in a while she would plunge them in to the third knuckle and hook her fingers forward. The muscles of her tummy would ripple and she would utter a little cry before pulling them back out and smear the liquid of her desire around her heated pussy.

My own arousal was severely intense. I knew I wasn't going to be able to hold off for very long. I could feel my seed boiling beneath my touch. My balls grew tight and the skin of my nut sack even tighter.

"Lisa, I am soooo HOTT! I am gonna cum real soon!" I exclaimed as I stood up and moved between her legs.

"Oh, yess. Me too!" Lisa said as she laid back on the bed. Her feet moved to rub against my calves, caressing my legs between little spasmodic jerks. She closed her eyes and plunged three fingers into her hot crevice. Her left hand began to rub frantically at her clit while the pace of the thrusting fingers quickened to become a blur to my vision. Her breasts rose and fell rapidly with the increased activity - her breath coming in gasps.

"Almost there! Tell me....... tell me when you are gonna cum, Mike!" She croaked out between moans.

My own breathing became labored. I too was moaning and grunting with the intensity of the sensations that coursed through my being. Then I felt it begin; a tingling in my toes that coursed slowly up my legs. My ass muscles clamped in spasm as the sensation rose to my groin.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh, gonna CUM!" I exclaimed as I arched my back and stroked furiously.

Lisa raised her head and opened her eyes. "CUMMMM! Cum for me!" She cried out.

As I squeezed the base of my cock, the first jet erupted and landed between her breasts. That was enough to push her over the edge.

"Ohhhhhhh Yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss!......Cum on me!" She cried out in ecstacy.

My body seemed to be manufacturing cum as each jet left the hot confines of my manhood. Squirt after squirt leapt into the air and tumbled slowly to land upon the writhing form before me. 

With mouth agape and eyes fixed upon my jerking cock, Lisa shook with the intensity of her own orgasm. Her stomach muscles rippled in waves that seemed to rise beneath her heaving breasts and cascade down her abdomen. Then suddenly her legs clamped together and her head lolled from side-to-side as a low groan escaped from her lips. Her eyes clamped shut as her face seemed to take on a grimace. Lisa's body quivered as she rolled onto her side and brought her knees up and lay in a fetal position; her hands still nestled between her legs.

Panting for breath, I fell to my knees while reaching out with my right hand to support my self on the edge of the bed.

Slowly we regained our composure. I was the first to recover and when I did I reached out to gently caress the side of her thigh. When I looked down I noticed that she had been so wet that her fluids had run down and completely coated the cheeks of her ass and backs of her legs.

She rolled onto her back and stretched languidly as she opened her eyes and smiled up at me.

"That was INCREDIBLE!" She exclaimed.

"You were wonderful - truly beautiful to behold," I replied with a grin.

"You were beautiful, too....so sensuous and erotic," she said softly. "I can't remember the last time I came that hard."

"Me neither," I affirmed.

Slowly she rose from the bed and took my hand into hers.

"Time to take another shower," she said as she led me down the hallway.

I ended up rescheduling my last service call for I ended up staying with her the rest of the afternoon. We never did make love but we did watch a couple of movies and masturbated together side by side in her bed. We played with toys and even tried a little oral sex but she didn't want to have intercourse. Oh well, didn't matter to me - I enjoy masturbation just as much as I do making love. I look forward to seeing her again some day.