 The following is the sequel to "A Little Friendly Advice", a story about two friends who come together and, through a desire to learn how to please members of the opposite sex, find each other. If you haven't already, please read the first installment. As always, thanks to all my readers and my editor. Please leave feedback to help me improve my next story.

Chapter 2: Turning Corners

"So, do you want my help or not?" she asked.

"Uh, Uh ..." I stammered, unsure of how to proceed.

Every fiber of my body said this was wrong, every thought I had immediately turned to worst case scenario.

I've seen it happen before. One minute two friends are hanging out. The next they're having sex. The next they never speak again.

The last thing I wanted to do was ruin one of the most important friendships I have by turning it into something more or turning it into something that wouldn't last. And I've always treasured my relationship with Amber. Was I doing something wrong? Should I just say no?

"Look, I know where you're going with this in that mind of yours," Amber said from the bedroom. "You think if we keep going down this path that one of us is going to get hurt, right?"

I gathered myself off the couch and walked towards the bedroom. As I turned to the door, I put my hands at the top of the frame, partly to balance myself and partly to prepare myself for what I was about to see.

There was Amber, sitting with a huge grin on her face, laying under the covers.

"Well, don't you?" I asked her earnestly.

"Not really, no," she said, tossing her panties into a pile of discarded clothes on my floor.

"And how can you be so sure?" I asked.

"Look, you're being an awfully big pussy for someone's who's about to get laid," she said, smirking. "Like I said before, this isn't about sex. Are we both gonna cum? Yeah. Well, I hope so anyway. But that's not what's important. I want to learn how to keep a guy interested, you want to learn how to know if what you're doing is right. What better way than to try your best moves with someone who's going to be completely honest with you?"

"I just don't want things to get weird,"

"And they won't," she assured me. "Besides, it's not people don't already assume we fuck."

"Yeah, I guess you're right," I replied. "Just don't tell your mother, OK? Lord knows she'll come to my house and beat the shit out of me with a bat."

"Oh, damn," Amber replied. "I was just going to call her. She sent me a text message asking what I was up to and I wanted to let her know I couldn't talk because your dick was in my mouth."

"Hardy Hardy Har," I replied.

"So are we going to do this or what?" she asked.

"Oh yeah, that's romantic."

"Just shut up and get naked," she said, laughing. "Would ya please?"

===

Since I was still bottomless from the amazing blow job Amber had just given me, getting naked wasn't much of a problem.

Taking the next step forward? Well, that was another story.

I thought about all the good that could happen. I mean, Amber was hot as hell and it had really been a while since I'd gotten some. If she said it wasn't a big deal then why couldn't I just believe her?

But try as I may, I had this sneaking suspicion that all was not as it seemed. Sure, it's great now but who's to say that three months from now I won't find someone I want to have a relationship with or vice versa?

And how exactly do you tell someone 'Hey, thanks for all the sex while I was single but we need to keep things on a friends only level from now on?'

"Listen, Amber," I started, watching her pull the sheets to the side of the bed, exposing her naked body to me. "I'm not really comfortable with this."

"Ah, ha, continue," she said, opening her legs for me to see.

"It's just that ..." I stuttered, watching her touch herself gently, watching her caress her left hand over her beautiful mound. "I don't want our relationship to change."

With that, Amber put her index finger inside of her and I watched as her face contorted with pleasure.

"No, Tom, I get that. I really do," she said, pushing her finger inside to the knuckle, pulling it out and pushing it in again. "If you don't want to continue, I'm cool with that."

"I just don't want you to get the wrong idea," I said.

"Well, it's not the first time I've been turned down for sex, you know," she remarked, never breaking eye contact with me, picking up the pace of her fingers.

Watching her finger herself was a bit strange, I'll admit. Here she was, her words saying one thing, her actions saying another.

"That's not it at all," I replied, unable to take my eyes off her. "You know I think you're gorgeous. I'd do anything to have you. I just don't want us to do something we'll regret."

"Oh, baby, the only thing you're going to regret is saying no," she said.

Amber was right. If I turned her down, I'd never forget it. It would be something I thought about every day. Besides, who's to say turning her down wouldn't change things.

"Ok, let's say I do decide to go along with this," I remarked. "How is it going to work?"

"Well," she said, her eyebrows raising when I mentioned the possibility that it could happen. "I guess we could take turns doing things. I could show you what I like, you could show me what you like and we could give each other tips about how fast to go, what types of things to say."

"So like driver's Ed?" I asked, genuinely interested in the idea.

"Yeah, exactly," she said, taking her hands away from her now glistening pussy. "Think of this as a test drive before going to get your permit or your license. We work out the kinks together and, when we find someone special, we take what we've learned and apply it to them."

"Ok, so what's the catch?" I asked.

"What do you mean 'what's the catch'?" she responded.

"Well, there's got to be a catch right?" I replied, a little unsure of how to proceed. "You can't expect me to believe you'll do whatever I want you to do and when I find someone I like I can just say 'Thanks for all the sex, see ya later buddy'?"

"I guess you could send me a fruit basket or something," she joked. "Really though, we'll just treat this as we would anything else. Like, you remember before I was dating Mark and I asked you if I should wait for him to call me or just call him myself?"

"Yeah ..."

"Well, it would be like that," she said. "If one of us is seeing someone, we can ask for advice if the other is comfortable giving it. And worse case, we'll just go agree to not talk about sex stuff until the awkwardness passes."

"Awkwardness?" I asked, suddenly concerned. "What awkwardness? I don't want there to be an awkwardness."

"Face it, it's going to be a little awkward," she said. "Shit, it's awkward now. I just blew you. If I left right now, before we started talking about having sex, don't you think we'd be a little weird around each other the next time we saw each other? That's just what happens when you mess around with someone."

"Yeah, I guess so," I replied, feeling a little bit better.

"The trick is agreeing that we're not going to let it get too weird," she said.

"I agree,"

"Well then let's make a pact," she continued. "No matter what happens, we won't let this get weird. Agreed?"

"Agreed," I replied.

===

"So ..." I stammered, unsure of what to say next. "Um, what do we do now?"

"Well, what do you want to do?" Amber asked, licking her lips.

"I kind of want you to give me a little more head," I replied, wondering if she would actually do it.

"Ok," she said.

With that, Amber rolled out of bed. This was the first chance I got to actually see her full on naked body. God, was she gorgeous.

Like I said before, Amber has a great ass and great tits. Seeing them on a warm summer day is enough to get even the coldest man flush with excitement.

As she strolled over to me, I saw something in her eyes I've never seen before.

I saw lust.

"So, exactly how does this help you with your problems with women?" she asked, smiling.

"Oh, it doesn't," I replied. "I just can't think of anything right now except how hot you looked sucking me off a little while ago."

"It was hot, huh?"

"Oh yeah," I replied truthfully. "There was a reason I didn't last that long, you know."

"Hmm, interesting," she said, standing inches away from me and looking at me face-to-face. "So, let me ask you a question."

As she finished that statement, Amber took hold of my cock in her hands. She proceeded to lightly move her hands up and down. Not too hard, not too soft. It was almost as if she was trying to be gentle with me.

"Shoot," I replied.

"Are you just saying you liked the blow job I gave you because you know it makes me feel good?" she remarked, picking up her speed on my shaft. "Or are you saying it because it's the truth?"

Amber began moving faster now and with it, I was like putty in her hands.

"Ooh, that feels good," I answered. "You know I'd never lie to you and that was ... oooh ... that was one of the best feelings I've ever felt."

"Glad to hear it," Amber said.

Amber could tell she was getting me excited now. There was no doubt that if she continued jerking me off like this, in this position, I'd explode in a matter of minutes.

It's not that I didn't want her to blow me again, but damn did it suck when she took her hands off me. I think she could almost sense my disappointment, too, because she made a remark which caught me off guard.

"Oh, don't worry, baby," she said. "I haven't forgotten about your request."

With that, Amber stood on her tippy toes and leaned into my ear, gently nibbling on it.

"Tell me you want me to suck your cock," she said, taking my dick in her hands again.

"What?"

"Tell me you want me to wrap my thick, juicy lips on your cock again," she repeated, this time with extra emphasis. "Tell me how bad you want me to suck that cock of yours."

"Oh, I want it bad," I replied, in a trance.

"I don't believe you," she said. 

"No, seriously, I'm so fucking turned on right now," I replied, the anticipation killing me. "I want you to get on your knees, take my dick inside that pretty mouth of yours and suck until I say I'm satisfied."

"Oh yeah?" she said. "Well, I guess I shouldn't keep you waiting, huh?"

Amber stopped nibbling on my ears and kissed me smack dab on the lips. For a few seconds, I could feel her hands on the back of my head and feel her tongue explore my mouth.

Still, I could sense she was waiting for something—like a cue or something.

Then it hit me.

I took her by the head, looked her in her eyes and told her what I thought she wanted to hear.

"Ooh, baby, suck my cock," I said. "Please, baby, I need it so bad."

Amber's eyes lit up and I could tell that's what she was waiting for. Without warning, I watched her knees bend ever so slightly. She started to descend, kissing my chest as she made her way to the floor.

When her knees hit the ground, she adjusted herself a little closer to me, taking me in her hands and looking up at me with those big, brown eyes.

"OOH, you like that sexy?" she asked.

"Yeah, keep going," I replied. "Let me feel it."

Amber took her eyes off of me for a moment but never really lost sight. She licked her lips one last time and then darted her tongue out.

It felt so good.

Amber's tongue grazed the tip of my penis ever so slightly and the excitement and anticipation of what was going to happen next was almost too much to take.

I watched as she lifted my member vertically, watched her look up at me again, watched her dart her tongue out to my balls.

She licked my balls softly, and moved her tongue all the way from the bottom to the top of my shaft.

As her head moved closer to me, I could see her lips ever so slightly. They extended over the length of my member, over the top and engulfed me.

As good as her last blow job was, this one was even better. Instead of the panic I felt about what this would do to our relationship, all I could think about was the feeling, all I could think about was this sexy woman, on her knees, taking me into her mouth over and over again.

I felt Amber's mouth close around me and take me in and, in a flash, watched her head move up and down. She lifted her right hand back up and began pumping me while she sucked.

It was amazing.

"Oh God Amber," I exclaimed. "Don't stop."

"Don't stop what?" she said, taking her mouth off of me for a second and stroking me with just her hands.

"Don't stop sucking my cock," I replied.

"Oh I won't baby," she said. "I want to make it nice and hard so that I can get off my knees and you can fuck me hard and fast."

"Oh yeah?" I asked.

"Oh yeah," she answered. "We'll worry about the lessons afterwards. But right now I need your dick inside me and I need you to fuck me with everything you've got."

"OK," I said. "Just let me know when you're ready."

"Oh, I'm ready when you are," she said.

I knew I was close but didn't want to come so I took my mind off of the fact that we were about to have sex for a second. There I stood in the doorway of my bedroom with my best friend jerking me off and sucking my dick and all I could think about was how good it felt, how wet and warm her mouth was.

"Oh, you suck that cock you dirty girl," I replied, reaching down to feel her tits. "Yeah, just like that."

I watched Amber move her head faster and faster. I could feel her lips scrapping across the tip of my penis.

"Go all the way down," I instructed.

She did, taking as much of me as she could and stopping. I could feel her throat relax now, feel her tongue below my shaft, licking softly.

"I think I'm ready," I said, my erection being back to the size it was when I first came in her mouth.

"Oh yeah?" she answered, taking me in her hands once again. "You ready to put this nice, big, fat cock in my tiny little pussy?"

"Oh, I think I am," I answered. "Are you ready for it?"

"Sure am," she replied.

"Then let's do this," I said.

===

Grabbing Amber by her armpits, I lifted her back up to her feet. For a moment, there were no words. I looked at her, she looked at me and, without saying a single phrase, we both immediately attacked each other, her tongue darting in and out of my mouth, my hands exploring her body.

"God, I've wanted this for so long," she said.

"Hmm, me too baby," I replied. Truth is, I've always wondered what it would like to hook up with Amber. I mean, looking at her body, how could you not? That I was a few minutes away from being inside of her still didn't process.

"I want you to fuck me," she said. "No asking about my feelings, no asking about my day. Just fuck me."

"OK,"

Amber turned her back to me and reached behind her to grab my hand. She led me to the bed and removed all the covers. Grabbing the pillows and moving them to the headboard, Amber sat down and got comfortable, her legs partly opened, her teeth biting ever so seductively on her lips.

"Come here," she whispered.

I did as I was told. Positioning myself towards the bottom of the bed, I crawled on top of Amber, our legs connecting. I looked in her eyes and saw no reluctance. I saw a woman possessed.

"Do you want me?" I asked.

"Oh, I do. I want you so fucking bad," she said.

I kissed her on the lips again. Meanwhile, my hands moved to her thighs, lifting them apart to allow myself more room.

As Amber kissed me, I felt her arms wrap around my neck and connect behind me. She pulled me close to her, my left ear on top of her lips.

"Fuck me," she whispered.

Caressing her right thigh, I guided my right hand to her vagina. I put my index finger up to her opening and could feel the heat steaming off of it.

Lightly, I caressed my finger up and down her slit, feeling the moisture cover it. I lightly poked inside and was caught off guard by how easily my finger slipped in.

Readjusting myself to be more in tune to her body's position, I moved my hips to position my penis right above her opening. I took the shaft in my right hand and used the tip in much the same way I had just used my finger, caressing it up and down her opening, feeling the warmth, the wetness.

I wanted to be gentle ... at first, anyway. I could feel her body shake with anticipation. It was driving me just as crazy, I could feel my calves start to tremble.

I knew this was the moment. Here and now. There was no turning back.

And with that, I entered.

"OOOOhhhh, god," she said.

Slow at first, I pushed forward with my hips, the tip of my penis pushing against the top of her vagina and slipping down, slipping into the first layer of her opening.

As I felt the head of my cock enter her, the feelings of what we were doing came rushing and gushing forward. I could feel her pussy latch onto me, I could feel it hold me and pull me closer like a glove.

And the wetness. Oh, god, the wetness.

It was almost unreal how wet Amber got. On my first push, I got three-fourths of the way inside of her. By my second, we were developing a rhythm.

I went slow at first, I wanted her to adjust to the feeling of me inside of her. That, of course, and I also didn't want to blow my load in thirty-five seconds.

I pulled my dick nearly all the way out with each thrust, moving backwards until I could feel the bottom of its head make contact with her lips. I then pushed forward.

It only took a few seconds for Amber and I to develop a rhythm we both liked. It wasn't too fast but it wasn't too slow.

"Oh, god, Tom, I can feel it," she said. "I can feel you inside of me. Give it to me, give it to me now."

As I worked my way inside of her, I could feel her hands grasp tighter around my neck. Instinctively, I watched her reach out to kiss me. I leaned in closer to her, my arms holding me up and supporting my full weight, and our lips met in a tangled mess of tongue, saliva and passion.

"Ooh, just like that," she said. "Just keep doing that."

Our lips locked again, this time our tongues colliding inside of her mouth. With each thrust inside of her, I felt her tongue hit mine.

I could feel my hips pumping now, faster and faster.

In my head, I could count the movements. I'd say the words to myself "In, in, in, out, out , out,"

I could feel her legs tightly wrap themselves around me. Her arms, connecting on my neck, broke off and moved to my back. I could feel her dig her finger nails into my back, the rush of endorphins only enhancing what was a feeling of total bliss.

"Hmm, you like that?" I asked.

"Oh, fuck yeah," she said. "Give it to me. Give me that fucking cock. Make my pussy explode on your dick."

I pulled back a little bit, and with my right hand, grabbed hold of my cock again. I pushed back enough to break the lock her legs had on me and moved my cock back out to her opening, up and down, feeling the warmth, feeling the wetness.

I let go of my dick and plunged it deep inside of her. My hands free, I grabbed her legs and lifted them up, the act making her pussy close tighter around me.

Never breaking stride, I lifted both her legs so that she was virtually in a sitting position, her toes near my mouth. I thrust inside of her quickly now, the speed increasing with every thrust.

I could feel my balls slap against her ass, the noise not loud enough to hear from another room but loud enough to hear from where I was standing.

I grabbed both of her legs with my left hand, wrapped them tightly together near my face and, with my right hand, moved my fingers back to her pussy.

Massaging the top of her mound, I could feel her clit with my thumb. I tried my best to time my touching of her pussy with my thrusting inside and, whatever I was doing, she was loving it.

"Oh, god, Tom," she said. "What are you doing? That feels so damn good."

"I thought you might like it if I massaged your pussy while I fucked you," I said.
