 He finally rises from the chair and kneels between her aching thighs. Her eyes are closed in ecstasy. Then she feels his lips. But not touching her knickers. She moans as he begins to gently bite her nipples. She can't contain herself and begins massaging her knickers. His mouth eventually stops torturing her swollen nipples, then her levels of ecstasy are raised even further as she feels his hot breath on her inner thigh. 

She writhes with pleasure as his warm mouth sucks her swollen lips which are sensuously protruding from her moist white lacy knickers. Her thighs are now spread wider for him. She pushes her hips forward, offering him her soaking wet knickers... to tease... to play with. Her bum rises off the sofa as his mouth devours her soaking wet pussy. His greedy warm mouth gently sucking her swollen lips... one at a time. She is in absolute ecstasy. As his mouth continues to sensuously assail her sensitive moist labia... his teeth pulling one side at a time, pulling her soaking wet pussy wide open, she roughly pulls at his tousled hair. Her hands push his head further into her. 

'Fuck! This is good!' she remarks breathlessly as she forces his face firmly into her crotch with both hands. His hands roam all over her stockinged thighs as he spreads her legs, his strong hands push her knees wide apart as he buries his face in her delicious heaven. His tongue mercilessly pushes her now soaking wet knickers against her pussy, teasing her clitoris through the moist fabric. She then feels his finger slip inside her knickers, pulling them to one side. She lays back on the sofa, now completely exposed, almost panting in anticipation.

She shudders slightly as his tongue explores her, everywhere. She feels his fingers pull her labia wide apart, then... 'Oh Fuck!' His tongue begins to brush her swollen clitoris, back and forth, as though he were an artist practising his brush strokes. Her levels of ecstasy rise even further as gently begins to suck... pulling her clitoris gently upwards with his teeth. 

'God I want you to fuck me... now!' She demands breathlessly. She feels his mouth release her and readies herself for the onslaught of his throbbing cock ramming inside her. But nothing. She opens her eyes to see him standing, sipping his wine.

'Enjoying the view were we?' She remarks teasingly, closing her thighs. 

'Hmm... absolute heaven.' His deep masculine voice answers, 'But... I haven't finished teasing you yet...' 

She re-arranges her wet knickers and stands from the sofa. He pulls her towards him, then turns her around. She finds herself facing her large gilded wall-mounted mirror. She sees him stood behind her, then feels his warm mouth begin chewing her neck. His hands glide along her waist, tracing the curve of her gorgeous white Basque. She feels his hands gently push inside her arms, then his fingers brush the sides of her large breasts. His warm hands push them together, accentuating the vista of her fantastic cleavage, reflected at them both in her mirror. She closes her eyes as she feels his hands wander all over her soft warm breasts, cupping them, lifting them ... then letting them drop. 

'Hmmm... I enjoy watching the sight of your gorgeous breasts swaying in the mirror.'

'I bet you do. You can do that all night if you want to... ohhh!' Her reply is interrupted by his fingers gently pinching her now swollen nipples, made even more rigid by his fingers deliciously pulling them both. He repeats this several times. She can feel how turned on he is by the rock hard erection in his trousers pushing against her bum. She slides her hands behind her, massaging the front of his expensive Italian trousers. She returns the pleasure he is giving her ... every time her pulls her nipples she squeezes his hard erect cock.

'Hmm now that is very, very nice.'

'You are a very naughty boy. I bet you do this to all your girls.'

'Only the pretty ones.'

'Oh, so I'm only 'pretty' am I?' She mocks. His fingers tell her otherwise as he teasingly pulls her now very swollen nipples once more. 'Bloody hell! That feels fucking fantastic.' She gives his cock an extra hard squeeze. 'I think someone wants to come out to play.' 

'Yes ... it certainly feels like he does.' 

'Now it's my turn to have some fun.' 

She turns around and kneels down. Her fingers impatiently pull his now fully erect cock from his trousers, then her hot mouth swallows him. Her willing mouth takes his full length, again and again. She then releases him and grabs his cock, roughly pulling and squeezing him two or three times, then her mouth devours him again. She is gratified by his low moans. 

'You are a VERY VERY VERY naughty boy.' She remarks, roughly pulling his erect cock before swallowing him again. 

'This is fucking heaven.' He murmurs, enraptured by the fantastic concoction of 'naughty/nice' sensations she is providing for him. He lowers his hands to cup her fantastic breasts, playing with them as she continues her work. She feels his body stiffen. Then he gently pulls her from him. 

'Jesus that's nice babe. Too nice. I almost came.'

'I thought that was the plan?' She teased.

'Oh no. Not yet young lady. Lot's more teasing first.' He pulls her arms, gently lifting her, then he steers her towards the kitchen. 

'What now?' she asks over her shoulder, matter of factly pulling her gorgeous Basque back over her stupendous breasts.

'Now? We need more wine don't we?' He smilingly replies.

'Oh ...yeah.' As she reaches into the huge fridge she feels his hands unfetter her breasts from her Basque again.

'Oh!' 

'Mmmm... That's exactly how I want you in the kitchen.'

'Yes 'Sir'. Can I get on with pouring the wine now?'

'You certainly can.' 

'Now where did I put that other bottle of red?' She ponders out loud as she reaches to open one of the top cupboards. As she reaches he is mesmerised by the sight of her gorgeous breasts swaying, fully on show for him. 'Nope. Must have put it in here.' She bends down and opens a lower cupboard. His eyes are transfixed by the sight of her gorgeous bum wrapped in white lace knickers.

'Oh silly me. It must be in the booze cupboard back in the lounge.' As she walks past him he is lost in the erotic sound of her stockings brushing together. He follows, and sits in the chair. She places a glass on the table next to him then walks slowly around him, giving him the full 'tease factor' of her gorgeous swaying breasts and creamy stockinged thighs.

'Don't you want to tease my nipples again 'Sir'? They're waiting for you.' She offers.

'No but I do want you to do something else.'

'Well, it looks like I've become your posh slut doesn't it. What does 'Sir' want me to do now?'

'I want you to dip your finger in my glass and rub some of my wine onto your gorgeous nipples for me.'

'Like this 'Sir'?' 

'Yes, exactly like that. Now you are going to cup your gorgeous breasts for me and offer me your delicious nipples.'

'Anything you say 'Sir'.' She does as commanded, enjoying the feel of his warm mouth enveloping her tender swollen areola. His teeth again gently pinch her erect nipples, pulling them.

'Oh that feels fucking fantastic 'Sir'.' He is too busy to reply. She then leans forward and takes his wine glass from him, dipping her finger into the glass she then begins to cover her knickers in Merlot. 'Oh, Isn't it a shame to waste such nice wine 'Sir'?'

'Believe me, it's not going to waste. And I'm very thirsty.' He reaches forward and wraps his hands around her bum, roughly squeezing her soft warm cheeks. He pulls her towards him and buries his mouth in her now very wet knickers. She moans at the fantastic sensation of him sucking her wine-soaked knickers. He is totally lost in the tantalising taste sensation of enjoying her delicious juice now blended with his favourite wine....