 As I arrive at the small bar I am overcome with anticipation. I have followed the instructions from the email to the letter and I intend to do exactly as told for whatever lies ahead. I have arrived exactly on time and as I go through the door I look for the booths adjacent to the long bar, as instructed. The voice on the final confirmation voicemail was firm yet excitingly feminine. I will do whatever is required to meet this personification of feminine power.

As I order a drink I am glad to see that the other patrons take little notice of me and the desired booths are open. I want no interference with this long-awaited event. I have thought of nothing else since the message nearly a week ago. As I sit I struggle to remain calm. I know nothing of what is to occur next. Perhaps that is the source of my uncontrollable anticipation. I only hope I can be worthy of the attention of a woman who can completely captivate me with just her voice.

The half-filled bar has the usual cross-section of society, businessmen and women as well as hourly workers just relaxing for one last drink and light conversation before the trip home. I try to relax and watch the ball game on the TV and blend in with the surroundings, it amazes me that the other patrons can't sense my excitement.

Now a moment of near panic as I realize I have come to the end of the instructions; I have done what was asked and I am completely at the mercy of this powerful creature. I just know she will guide me places I have never gone before and that I must submit to gain the full benefit of her experience. Her pleasure will be my goal. Still there is the fear of the unknown and I hope I won't have long to wait.

After a few minutes I begin to relax and try to concentrate on the small dramas around me. It is only then that I notice a beautiful young woman enter and by the way she draws the attention of everyone in the bar I know she is a powerful figure worthy of respect. Could this be the one? There is something slightly amiss though. Although a daunting figure the feeling is not right; not really disappointment but concern. Perhaps just a late arriving patron. The attire is not office wear, however. She is young and beautiful and as her four-inch heels click on the floor I notice the powerful legs in the short black leather skirt. Her manner is definitely demanding, but something is missing.

She walks past me; a "near-miss". I must relax and be confident that she will contact me in her time and I will know somehow. I notice that the recent arrival has taken a stool at the bar alone, behind me, where she can watch me, but I would be forced to turn to see her. The minutes drag by and then I realize she is standing next to me. She calls me by name and I am confused now by the feelings. As I acknowledge my name she sits across from me in the booth and I can't help but notice the legs as she swings them smoothly into the booth. She looks at me critically and then commands me to get her a drink. I am stunned by my lapse of manners, apologize and get her choice of beverage. As I leap up from the booth I feel her eyes on my back and I wonder if the instructions for me to dress in tight jeans was for this reason. I hope she likes what she sees and hope I can make up for my momentary lack of social graces.

As I return from the bar she hardly notices and says nothing. She silently sips on the drink but I now notice the power of her eyes. She is summing me up and I feel powerless.

With complete dismissal of my presence, she pulls her phone from her purse and deftly begins thumb-typing.

Her phone chirps almost immediately and she reads the response. She pauses, almost as an afterthought and instructs me to meet her outside in the parking lot in exactly, five minutes.

I am excited beyond belief but I realize this is not the voice from the phone. Perhaps she is to be my guide only. Perhaps this is some con game, I don't know. I count the minutes nonetheless and pay the tab and leave exactly as ordered.

As I reach the lot I can see her standing next to a windowless van. The engine is idling but that is all I can see.

As I move to meet her at the sliding side door she looks at me and says only, "Take off your shirt".

I am stunned by the request here in this, a public place, but her manner is so direct I begin to unbutton the oxford shirt as ordered. I cannot think, I tell myself, and comply. As the last button is undone, I realize she is behind me and the collar of the shirt is suddenly pulled down drawing both of my arms behind. Then I realize hand-cuffs are quickly snapped around my wrists as the shirt is pulled past. In one motion she slides the door open and pushes me inside. I am off balance and half-fall into the dark van. I land face-first in the van but as the door slides shut I realize I am uninjured and the van has a soft padded floor. Before I can ask, I hear the front door slam shut and the van begins moving.

As I gather my senses, the excitement overcomes me and I plead with her to tell me what is happening. She totally ignores me and only then do I realize someone is with me in the back of the van. Could this be her? I can't see but I won't know her by sight anyway. If she will say something I will know.

The Guide ignores my repeated requests and simply says to her compatriot, "Shut him up".

I am rolled onto my back but then my head is lifted into the lap of this new woman. I see her from this new perspective but something tells me this is not the voice from the phone either. Before I can consider her further she lifts the back of my head firmly but gently and with her other hand deftly unbuttons her blouse. The sides of the blouse part to reveal a magnificent full chest. I am stunned by the incredible display of the female form.

In an instant the bra is unsnapped from the bottom center and in one motion she lifts her left breast free and pulls my face to her. Reflexively my lips part and take the hardening nipple into my mouth. Gently at first but the pressure at the back of my head assures me I can surrender myself to this incredible pleasure. All the anxiety of the evening flows from my body and I release myself to them.

My next conscious thought is that the van has stopped. I hear the Guide's voice say something about an examination but I am in a daze.

My beautiful protector says to the driver that "the lips are fine".

The Guide says something about needing to get on with the rest of it. I am aware of hands lightly next to me and measurements are being taken, from my waist to my knee, from the knee to the ankle. In a moment I realize my shoes are off. It is only then that I realize I am growing erect. The pent-up excitement has found an outlet in my rapidly hardening cock.

I realize the beautiful creature nursing me has her hand on the front of my jeans. The light, constant pressure in this setting is incredibly stimulating. Now my belt is being undone. I am still in a trance but aware that I am being stripped. I can't respond or oppose. I am enjoying the ecstasy of these perfect examples of the ultimate symbol of female power.

The Guide says, "We will finish the rest, outside."

The van door is opened and the cool night air flows over me in a wave. I am brought to realization of the situation I am now in. Totally naked, in an almost trance-like state, I am told to get out of the van and a stab of panic hits me. What is to happen to me?

I respond nonetheless and in the dim light I see a paved walkway leading to a large stone house twenty yards or so away from where the van is parked. As I step out, I am followed by my Comforter. She grabs my arm firmly but with care and urges me up the walk. As I walk behind the Guide I again notice her long hard legs and the movement of her skirt. A wave of excitement moves through me and I am aware of the swaying of my large and semi-hard cock, even in the night air.

As we reach the dim light of the house she turns and faces me.

"There are some final preparations before we meet the Mistress" she says.

The excitement and pleasure had distracted me from the anticipation of the meeting with her. The Guide stands close before me and the excitement of her hard, overpowering form hits me like a shock. Unlike the warm feminine stimulation of the beautiful breasts I had enjoyed, this creature offered the raw excitement of hard passion. I felt myself grow harder.

She instantly noticed and said, "Good, that's it....I need to take one more measurement...show me how big you can be".

It was like a flood of passion. I couldn't control it. I grew bigger than ever before.

The Comforter was on her knees, measuring me as the Guide held me in her gaze. Eye to eye. I couldn't break the gaze. I felt the tape measure being held in position and then it was over. The gaze was broken and I was told I would be presented to the Mistress. I couldn't be presented in the present state however.

Suddenly I was pushed forward away from the wall. I felt a strap placed between my legs and another around my waist. A buckle at each side completed the job. I was clad in a leather strap with a pouch for my slowly retreating cock. Like the cod-pieces of the seventeenth century.

In this way I was to be presented to the Mistress.

I was lead into the house but the darkness made details hard to discern. I felt the warm softness of rich carpet under my bare feet, but the visual senses were limited. My captors obviously knew the surroundings and the darkness didn't slow them. I was stopped and turned, told not to move and then I was alone.

After a few moments I heard female voices but they were too soft or distant to understand. Then suddenly I heard the sound I had been waiting for. The voice was unmistakable.

Suddenly a light is turned on blinding me but I feel she is there in the room. I am told to turn around slowly and do so gladly for this is the voice of the woman who has captivated me. I hope she likes what she sees.

Time passes after I turn slowly back to the light.

My Guide says, "the measurements have been taken".

The Mistress asks, Have the adjustments been made?"

I am left wondering what adjustments she is referring to but the Guide says, "Yes".

Out of the light come my captors. They each take an arm and lead me a few steps forward in the room. As I move out of the light I see a low table in front of me. I am turned around and stopped in front of the table.

For the first time the voice addresses me directly.

"Are you still ready for what lies ahead?" "You can leave now if you wish".

"Yes" is all I can utter.

I ache for a glimpse of this divine creature. Then out of the light steps a woman of such power and presence that I know it must be her. She is dressed in a black robe which covers her body almost to the floor except for the slight opening in the center. I see a glimpse of high spike-heeled soft leather boots, which extend past her calf under the robe. She is tall and powerful and her raven dark hair flows past her shoulders onto the robe.

She eyes me and then issues the order to begin.

The panic of my thoughts races at the wonder of what is to begin. My captors push me firmly back and I am forced to lie on the table. I realize it is not a complete table but a low platform for my torso with narrow extension for my head, arms and legs. The support is perfectly matched to my body and I realize the purpose of the measurements. I feel my arms being spread out and strapped to the table with wide soft leather straps. Not tight but I will be unable to move and the panic strikes me again. Then I feel my legs being strapped and when finished the supports are swung apart spreading my legs wide but not uncomfortably. My eyes have adjusted to the light and I see a low trapeze sort of device over my head. Its purpose is as of yet unknown.

Before I can wonder, with no further instruction my Comforter moves in front of the Mistress and slowly unfastens the robe. It parts slightly and the Comforter moves behind the Mistress and reaches over her shoulders, parts the robe and removes it back past her shoulders and arms.

I am overcome by the sight of feminine perfection.

Her neck is long and as my eyes drink in the sight I see a full chest tightly contained in a black leather corset, which is cut low in the front revealing full cleavage. The garment clings to the narrow waist and the full rounded hips are encased in the soft leather of a short tight skirt. Almost at the point where the hem of the skirt ends the flared tops of thigh high boots begin. Her long legs are exquisitely contained.

She moves slowly toward me and examines me closer. In my bound state I feel her eyes move over every inch of my body. I am glad for the containment of the leather for my cock is harder than ever and would be reaching for her if not for the leather.

"Have the lips been tested", she says.

The Comforter says, "They are soft, capable and handle a nipple beautifully".

Again without further instruction the Comforter moves behind the Mistress and reaches to the back of her waist. I hear a zipper move and see the skirt ease slightly. The zipper must go all the way to the hem of the skirt for it suddenly falls away and I am treated to the sight of the most beautiful thighs I have ever seen. They are full, firm and perfectly white. The bottom of the corset stops just below the waist and there is nothing below to cover the beauty of her sex and the thick black hair in front.

I can only wonder about the beauty which must lie beneath.

She moves forward to a low step beside and below me on the table. She then swings her other leg over me to a matched step on the other side so she is straddling my head, facing me. I am mesmerized by the feminine beauty suspended above me. I can just make out the slight sweetness of her feminine scent and I feel she is anticipating the pleasure I want to give.

She then grabs the trapeze and I see it is to steady her. She then slowly lowers herself toward my lips. I want so to taste her but I cannot quite reach. As I reach with my tongue she admonishes me to wait until she wants me to begin.

After what seems like an eternity, she lowers herself to my face and I am swept with the ecstasy of her presence. I slowly explore her folds with my tongue sensing her response. As I part her lips and expose her inner folds I feel for the first time the sensation of her hardening clit. I am lost to the ecstasy and administer to her needs as I have never done to a woman before.

Time lost definition and I am only aware of her low moans. As her pace increased she forces herself toward me with even more intensity. I am completely taken by this creature. Then suddenly she tenses and releases. I feel the satisfaction of pleasing this beautiful creature.

After a time I can feel her relax and slowly move off of her mount. She sinuously moves to a chair which has been placed next to me.

She looks to the Comforter and says, "Please offer him some refreshment."

The Comforter moves next to me and wipes my face and brow with a cool moist cloth. My skin feels refreshed at the cleansing of the perspiration which has been the result of my exertion. Then she removes her top and those perfect breasts are lowered to my aching lips. I gently suck at the hardening nipple and relish in its refreshment. The gentle weight of the beautiful breast is a contrast to the hardness of the Mistress's sex.

After a moment of relaxation, she moves away and then I hear the Mistress speak.

She says, "Let's continue".

Now the Guide moves to the side of the table and removes her skirt. Her sex was only barely covered by a narrow strip of perfectly trimmed hair. She roughly climbs over me and I could sense this would be different.

She grabs the back of my head and pulls me hard between her legs. She ground her hips into me and I had to struggle to breathe. I fought to join with her motions and eventually gained a rhythm which I hoped would satisfy her. My tongue and lip muscles felt like they couldn't take another moment and just as I surely thought I could go no longer, I felt her tense and a torrent of fluids rushed onto my face and into my open mouth.

I was not prepared for this but knew I must take it all to prove myself for the Mistress. After a moment she climbed down and thanked the Mistress for allowing her this pleasure.

Again the Comforter moves to me with a cool cloth, a caress and then the warmth of the offered nipples.

The Mistress nods to the Comforter who without moving from her position over me reaches down to the buckle at my hip. I am lost in her warmth but realize I am now to be completely naked for the Mistress.

The Comforter deftly but gently unfastens the buckles and I feel its tightness release from my hips. She lifts the leather as my hard cock pushes it away from my body. As the straps are removed I realize I am helpless and naked. Only the comfort of her full breasts and her warm hand massaging my sex controls my anxiety.

I feel my heavy balls fall unsuspended since the table does not extend that far. I am sure this is by design.

The Comforter slowly stands erect and the wonderful nipples are beyond my grasp. The Mistress rises and comes to the table. She stands between my legs and studies me carefully. She extends a long-nailed finger to my balls and runs her nail slowly up and down my sac. The feeling is overpowering and I am sure I am harder than ever before.

The Mistress says to the Comforter, "You are to have what is inside of him".

I am overcome by anticipation. The Comforter is brought beside me and the rest of her clothing is removed slowly, almost ritualistically by the Mistress and the Guide. Her hair is brushed and she revels in the attention. I see her breasts rise and fall with her breathing and the movement of her head.

She then steps upon another lower step and swings her leg across my hip. She leans slowly forward and kisses me on the cheek and places her nipple onto my lips again for a brief moment then followed by the other.

The Mistress says firmly to me, "You must not move".

I am confused by this but will of course obey. She asks the Comforter if she is ready and receives a soft "yes".

The Mistress says "You may begin".

The Comforter gently grasps my hard cock with her hand and strokes it lightly and carefully. Then her fingers run lightly up my shaft and down across my balls. She rises slightly and I feel the head of my penis against the outer folds of her warm sex. She is moist.

She slowly lowers herself onto me and I feel myself probe deep within her. The tendency to pump her is almost overwhelming but I remember the instructions from the Mistress. After a few moments I can feel her muscles gently grip me and release. I am so hypersensitive I could feel anything.

I gaze upward at her and her head is back and her large full breasts arch forward. The sight is overpowering. The Mistress comes to her side and offers gentle encouragement and strokes her back and shoulders. Then I feel a hand gently cup my balls and I know it must be the Mistress. She is in sync with the inner movements of the Comforter and I know I will soon provide what they seek.

I can feel in my thighs the wonderful tenseness. I moan softly and am encouraged by the Mistress's voice. Still I do not move. Then as if in slow motion, I feel my balls tense with a final squeeze by the Mistress and I pour forth a stream of cum such as I have never done before. The Comforter screams with pleasure as she knows the instant I have flooded inside her. I see her heavy breasts heave from her spasms and I know she too has reached her peak.

All else is a blur. I don't know how mush longer until she climbed down from me.

I was left alone for a time but the night went on for hours as I pleased these creatures in any way they desired. Then completely spent, I was lead to a bath and helped inside. I was washed and dried and lead back to the van. The night was giving way to early dawn but my nakedness in the cool air was invigorating.
