 Sue arrives at Dock B looking magnificent in her white slacks, silky blue blouse and white sneakers. A bit apprehensive at first but once she sees the confident eyes of the Captain, she holds her hand out to be helped aboard. She steps aboard and with a slight and gentle movement, trips and falls against the Captain's body and smiles up at his concerned face. Somewhat embarrassed, she gently pats him on the shoulder and shyly retreats to the other side of the boat and takes a seat, crossing her legs seductively. Her smile melts the Captain who tries to regain his composure and attend to the details of the boat's launching procedure.

Jack nimbly steps forward and unties the bow line and gently brushes against Sue's back as he reaches for the stern line. With all lines on the boat, Jack navigates the sloop, CyberChance out of the harbor headed for the wide ocean with a soft gentle breeze blowing through his hair. Sue is enthralled with the harbor view and smiles and realizes for the first time in her life that chances never taken are deadening to the soul. She shifts her luscious body and lets the afternoon breeze blow across her radiant face. She is content and gladdened by her decision to lunch with her Captain friend.

Jack attends to the sails and hoists the main and unfurls the genoa, the sails snapping to attention as the boat tacks toward the outer harbor. She picks up speed and gently heels on its guided tour of familiar waters. Sue, sitting on the leeward side, gently reaches out and lets the fast moving water run through her newly manicured fingers. She coyly turns to Jack and splashes water toward his body. While ducking and bellowing a friendly complaint, he realizes that he is sailing with a playful and beautiful creature, someone who, up until this point, has remained a nagging mystery. Sue giggles and turns her head to ward off Jack's accusatory stare.

The boat slips gently through the soft waves as she heads toward the harbor's outer islands. Other boats dot the horizon but none are near enough to see or hear the boat's occupants. Quiet, inquisitive conversation ensues as Jack and Sue learn more about each other. Each sharing a little about their lives, their dreams, their hopes, their disappointments and most importantly, their need to be satisfied with life's happenings. Content with the day and their mutual experience.

As the sloop approaches the small island with a bleach white beach, Jack heads the boat into the wind to slow its speed and attends to lowering the main and furling the foresail. Jack lowers the anchor and the boat quietly bobs in the afternoon sun. 

Jack offers a glass of wine which Sue gladly but skeptically takes into her small, angelic hands. She is somewhat unsure of this stranger who seemed polite earlier but senses a playfulness that is both intriguing yet somewhat too friendly. He gently strokes her shoulders as he reaches behind her to set up the bimini. The shade envelops both of them and Sue feels a little more secure and a lot cooler with the blistering sun out of sight. 

Jack prepares the charcoal grille and announces to an astonished mate, the exact menu for the day's luncheon: grilled shrimp over a bed of mixed greens with a tangy vinegar and oil dressing, with a side of heavily buttered french bread. Sue pauses to study this man who doesn't quite appear to be such a kitchen wizard but changes her mind as he slices, dices and prepares their succulent meal. Sue helps herself to another glass of wine and lightly rubs her taut body against Jack's back as he concentrates on the barbecuing shrimp. His attention to his cooking is momentarily distracted and with a quick and unprepared movement, he drops the tongs over the side....never to be retrieved: a treasure lost in a moment of magic.

With lunch prepared and the meal plated, Jack escorts Sue to the dining table under the protective cover of the bimini. They sit opposite each other with their knees gently touching and their eyes exploring each other's smiling faces. Their conversation wafts as the wind and they continue their playful mood. Laughter and giggling mix with the calls of the ocean seagulls who swarm and wait for a possible bounty. 

Jack holds out a forkful of shrimp and greens and offers it to Sue who can't quite consume all that is held out....a small drip of juice slides down her broadened smile. Jack leans forward and licks the moisture from her lips and pauses briefly to breathe in the faint aroma of Sue's perfume. With eyes closed Jack breathes deeply and sits back with a loud thump, a wide grin and beaming face light up the interior of their quiet dining area with the trace of sweet flora clinging to his senses. 

With lunch consumed, the couple rise and move forward to the bow to take in and bask in the afternoon sun. Sue sits in front of Jack and leans her body back into his inviting arms. Sue is content, secure and looking forward to a long afternoon, abandoning her earlier caution and letting herself go with the moment.

Jack softly strokes her arms occasionally holding her body tight to his as the boat gently rolls in the quiet sea. He gently rubs his face in her soft hair and moves his lips to her shuddering shoulder...

Part 2

While Jack breathed in the fragrance of her hair and softly kissed her burning shoulders, Sue considered turning her shuddering body toward this man, throwing him down and giving him the ride of his life. She fought the urge and realized that the building anticipation was the fruit that needs to ripen before it's succulence can be fully enjoyed. She gave herself up to the experience and fell back into Jack's strong arms and basked in the afternoon sun. After a while, Jack suggested a swim to cool off and indicated that the scenery around this island is exquisite. He rose and lifted Sue up from her prone position and lightly kissed her on the forehead and indicated that she could change into her swimsuit down below.

As Sue made her way toward the stairway, she glanced back and noticed that Jack had shed his chinos and was stepping into his brightly colored bathing suit. Her eyes fell upon his tight buns, and the distinct tan line that ran across his muscular thighs. She smiled and whispered to herself "My Dear Jack, you don't know how close you were." She quickly proceeded down through the galley to get ready for their afternoon swim.

Sue emerged from down below wearing her two-piece blue swimsuit and turned to see what Jack was doing. He was no where in sight. For a brief moment, she fought her urge to scream his name and desperately look for him. She glanced out onto the shimmering water and noticed a gleaming creature gliding lazily through the water. She calmed herself and climbed over the guard rails that circled the boat's deck. As she took a deep breath and prepared for her immersion, she noticed Jack had turned to look at her and was elated with the obvious approving smile that graced his face. He swam toward her as she jumped into the frigid water. 

She was immediately stunned by the cold water and kicked frantically in hopes of regaining her foothold on the boat. Resigned to her cold encounter, she only had to wait a brief moment before Jack's warming arms enveloped her and chased away the coldness. They treaded water briefly and gazed into eachother's eyes, their breath mixing and their arms entwined. Sue felt secure and was delighted with her decision to accompany this gentle man on their afternoon adventure. 

Jack reluctantly released Sue from his grasp and nodded toward the breaking surf on the beach. They proceeded through the pounding surf and Sue quickly overtook Jack on their swim to the shore. Jack reached out and his hands gently brushed across Sue's body sending tingling sensations that touched Sue to her core. She hurried her strokes to shorten the distance to the beach. As they approached the beach, a large wave lifted and carried them through the foaming surf and gently washed them up onto the hard-packed beach. Jack's body slid up through Sue's legs and entwined in her waiting arms. They kissed deeply as an oncoming wave washed over their bodies. The on-rushing wave rolled Jack on top of Sue as they continued their embrace and Sue felt Jack's hardened body press against her. Sue slowly opened her eyes as Jack shyly raised his sandy body and quickly dashed back into the surf to shed the clinging sand. He spent a little too much time pretending to brush invisible sand from his body as Sue realized the necessity for his delay and obvious embarrassment. His shyness intrigued and emboldened her.

Jack waded through the surf and bent over and lifted Sue up and hand in hand they walked down the beach. Occasionally stooping to pick up shells and interesting pieces of driftwood, Sue began to understand Jack's love of the ocean and its many surprises. She smiled to herself as Jack continued his quiet stroll over the heated sand. Jack suddenly released her hand and dashed toward the dunes and gleefully yelled for Sue to follow. Unfortunately, Sue was slow to respond and before she got up a good head of steam, Jack disappeared beyond the first crest of the sandy dune. As Sue bounded her way over the dune, she was confronted with a stark reality. Jack was nowhere in sight and all she saw was low scrub pines and beach roses. Where had her Captain gone? Was he hiding? Was he abandoning her? Did he intend to scare her and suddenly appear? What was his game? She decided to play along and let the afternoon's adventure be whatever it played out to be. 

Studying the landscape, Sue smiled and followed the footprints that she knew marked Jack's progress. She gingerly proceeded deeper and deeper into the vast dune and marveled at the exquisite plants and flowering bushes. She paused and picked a red rose and placed it in her silky, wet hair just above her right ear. She smiled and quickened her pace to catch up to her escaping Captain, convinced that the afternoon held out the promise of many more surprises....

Part 3

As Sue made her way up the steep dune, she reflected on her decision to pursue this "date" with Jack and found herself balancing between good, wholesome fun and deep guilt for her behavior which counteracted her beliefs instilled in her a long time ago. She wasn't a vixen nor did she believe herself a wandering, frustrated, sex-starved woman who was looking for newer, more exciting, long-lasting relationship with another man. She simply relished in the excitement of the day and felt free to partake in the joys of living. Sometimes life deals you a hand that is difficult to accept and begs you to indulge, occasionally, in behavior that to a conspicuous eye may seem foolish. She merely wanted to be with a man who could satisfy her deep seated need to feel pretty, desired and possessing a youthful exuberance. She believed that Jack was that person. She continued her climb up the warm, soft, sandy dune. 

As she crested the hill, she caught her breath and was immediately shaken by the magical view. Out beyond the remaining sands, the ocean cast its mystical sheen beyond the horizon. The bright sun speckled diamonds across the sea's face and cast playful, glimmering jewels for as far as she could see. The sun was low on the horizon and a cool wind blew through her golden hair as she paused to take in the view from her new found vista. Sea birds and lobster boats meandered through the choppy waters as she raised her hands across her forehead to search for the footprints she was relentlessly pursuing. A small, shingled cottage lay in the distance partially hidden from her view by another sandy bluff. She noticed the footprints leading over the top of the dune heading directly toward the weathered cottage. 

She ran forward, beckoning her legs to remain stable through the soft, hot sand. She paused at the top of the bluff and gazed upon her target. The cottage was small with no more than one or two rooms, with a porch that wrapped around the outside and seemed to stabilize the structure from the wild ocean breeze. She walked forward and watched the wind play with the sheer, white curtains that were billowing from the open windows. As she stepped onto the porch a sudden gust of wind filled the rooms inside and blew the curtains across her heated body as if they were trying to entrap her and take her captive. She brushed the curtains aside and quietly walked around the house, occasionally peeking through the windows in hopes of discovering any occupants that may not welcome her presence. The cottage seemed abandoned but she continued her cautious progress and peered around the far corner. 

There, perched on a porch swing was Jack, gently gliding back and forth, his arms draped across the side and back of the seat. Jack seemed to be lost in his thoughts and didn't notice her slow approach. Not until she stood in front of him with her clenched fists firmly placed on her hips, did Jack break his gaze from the horizon and looked up into her glistening, green eyes. Sue accusingly said " Well, are you surprised I found you or are you disappointed?" Jack reached up and gently caressed Sue's outer thighs and slowly drew her to him. Jack answered confidently "I needed to prepare for your arrival, I'm sorry if you disapprove. I did not abandon you. Not too many places on this island for you or me to hide. If you didn't find me, I would have found you." As he spoke these words, his hands had deftly moved toward Sue's inner thighs and softly like a feather stroked her quivering legs. Sue's knees almost buckled under the gentle touch but recovered in time and quickly sat in the seat next to Jack. His arm quickly grabbed hold of her shoulder and he drew her into his warm, inviting chest.

His embrace kept her captive for a few minutes and with her head bowed toward his lap, Sue lightly touched and traced outlines on Jack's upper leg and knee. She could almost sense the electricity that flowed through his body as she made slow circles and faint lines with her sharp, manicured nails. The goose bumps that ensued rippled through his body and Sue giggled with surprise as her fingers continued their journey. Jack was obviously pleased with her taunting style and slowly raised his hips in a desperate attempt to stop the lightness of her touch. Sue continued her torturous playing with a wide smile. It was her turn to take control. After several minutes of this sweet torture Jack rose and asked Sue if she'd like a glass of champagne and nodded toward the chilling bottle. Sue accepted and straightened in her seat not wanting Jack to see the fire and lust in her eyes.

Jack told her the story of the cottage, of the man who lived here alone after his wife had died and befriended Jack many years ago. Jack told her that the man would sit on this very swing and listen to the ocean winds, believing that the howling was not the wind at all but was from all the souls who had died too young; their grief and pain a haunting tribute. The man had once told Jack that life can be too short and that every day should be lived to the fullest – as if it's your last. An emotion and belief that Sue was slowly giving in to. Sue quizzed Jack on his childhood, his desires, his hopes, dreams, and ambitions....boldly trying to gain insights into this special creature. He summed himself up quite simply by saying "I'm just a nice guy who likes to bring a little happiness into the world." 

Sue fell silent and breathed deeply of the salty, cool breeze and gazed upon the wide expanse of the ocean. She felt comfortable, secure and hidden from view – alone with this man and her thoughts. Torn between escaping and giving herself up to her hidden desires, she surrendered and settled back in the swing, slowly sipped the fruity wine, and allowed Jack to gently glide their bodies in unison. She mused and believed she could always change her decision ...maybe.

Part 4

For what seemed to be a short respite, Sue noticed that the sun was quickly approaching the horizon masked behind some dark, ominous clouds. Jack confirmed her suspicions and said that "Weather was coming in so we better batten down the hatches". Regretfully, Sue released herself from Jack's warm embrace and stood up to stretch her legs and shake away her sleepy feelings. She felt Jack's presence behind her and stood stark still as he slowly traced the contours of her back with his light touch. She so enjoyed his touch and wanted to stay like this forever, continue her exploration into new experiences, and never to leave this glorious place. Her Captain as her guide. 

His tender fingers and hands slowly outlined her soft shoulders and side and he moved closer to envelop her within his strong arms. His hands continued exploring her body as she fell back against his supporting chest. He circled his fingers around her belly button and paused as he sensed her rippling response. He softly traced his fingers inside the rim of her bathing suit, a gentle touch that electrified her body. She was melting and wondered if her legs would continue to hold her up, she gave into the quaking. She felt Jack press his manhood into her back and was taken by the softness of his body yet somewhat surprised at the hardness that gently rubbed across her lower back. She needed to do something with her hands, so she slowly raised her head, turned and reached over Jack's shoulders and began to run her fingers through his hair. Her legs now could give way as she had more support from his broad shoulders. She grabbed hold of his hair and pressed her body into Jack's hoping to meld into him and become part of his warmth and comfort.

Jack firmly grabbed her legs and quickly raised her body forcing her to wrap her legs around his hips. She was entrapped within the confines of his embrace and tightened her legs around his hardened body desperately trying to secure and attach herself to her new perch. Jack was strong and she knew he could hold her here for a while, a woman entwined in one of the most comfortable and secure places she had ever known. She slowly raised her head and enfolded Jack's head within her trembling hands and offered herself to a deep, long lasting kiss. He tasted wonderful and their tongues played to the rhythm of their movements. Sue becoming ever inviting, Jack responding and giving himself to her. 

Jack turned his body and with surprising force, pressed Sue's back against the cottage's wall. Her breath caught and nearly forced her to bite down on Jack's exploring tongue. She released from the kiss and buried her face in his neck. Jack continued pressing and she felt his rising penis stab at her moistened suit. She thought that with the force of his thrusts, he would break through her bathing suit and impale her...she with no foothold to escape. She surrendered and continued melting into his body. She invited his pounding hips and gave into the joy and warmth that was spreading through her body. Secure in his embrace, Sue reached behind him to rub and pull his thrusting hips ever more closer to her thrashing body. She felt the strength of his buns and matched her breathing to his movement. In synch with each other they continued their paired dance and tried to fend off their building climax. Sue wanting this moment to last as long as possible. 

Jack seemed to slow his assault and his heavy breathing became more regular. Small beads of sweat glistened his forehead as he raised his head and took deep slow breaths. Sue played her tongue across his exposed throat and gently nipped and bit his reddening skin. As Jack rasied his arms and pressed against the wall to support their combined weight, Jack said faintly "God, you are driving me crazy, I can't seem to get enough of you." To which Sue responded "I'm all yours Jack, take me, but do it slowly, I want this time to last so that I can recall every pleasing, gratifying moment." With bodies still entwined, Jack secured his hands under Sue and slowly carried her into the cottage. She felt her legs start to give out as Jack bent forward and gently laid her down on the living room couch. Soft pillows engulfed her head and body and with one of her feet touching the floor she pushed her hips up to meet Jack's hovering body. 
