 You know how dreams surface from the depths of your mind. The subconscious thoughts and desires can create feelings and images so real that ... Yes, they are so real that the dream ........well this is how it happens.

The sheets felt like cool silk against her skin as she settled down for the night. It felt good to lay there covered only with the cotton of the sheet touching her skin. Moving slowly her arms, stretching above her head. Each move rustled the sheet, dragging it across her skin like a caress. The soft hum of the air conditioner just outside her window..rocked her like a lullaby, easing her tired mind as she drifted off into sleep. 

===========

The office door was closed and the smile danced across her full lips just as she lifted her hand to knock. The muttered come in brought a flush to her cheeks as she turned the knob and stepped through the door quietly...letting it shut behind her as she leaned back looking at the man seated behind the desk. He was scowling over the papers in front of him which gave her the chance to study him...her tongue flicked out over her lips as she curled her fingers up into her palms. Her heart began to beat more quickly and her breath caught in her chest...when he lifted his head and looked at her. His eyes widening in surprise...

"Hey there...I didn't expect to see you here..." he put the pen down as his gaze swept from her face...the look of delighted confusion made her giggle as his gaze drifted downward. 

"I was thinking about you....dreaming about you.." her voice was husky and low as she lifted her hands...

One button at a time ...came undone as she stepped from the door. There were ten paces to the front of his desk and ten buttons down the front of his coat. When she stepped around the side of his desk, he twisted the chair around following her progress and his eyes widened...a sensual smile tugged at the corner of his lips as he glimpsed her bare flesh. She slipped her left hand into the coat, wrapping her fingers around the top curve of her bare hip as she cocked one knee in a mock pose. One breast was exposed to his sight as the coat shifted...her nipple stiff and puckered, peeking from the edge of the coat as if inviting his touch. He leaned forward letting one hand push under the coat and rest on the curve of her hip. She drew in a breath between her teeth sounding like a hiss as her body reacted to his touch. 

Electricity....a soft gasp escaping between her lips....images of the dream flashed 

through her mind, the junction between her legs became damp. The golden blonde 

curls nestled there, hiding her pink swollen lips from view grew more damp, a musky smell reaching his nose. His gaze moved up as she shrugged her shoulders letting the coat slide down, dropping behind her on the floor. His other hand moved to cup her breast, the roughened pad of his thumb gently rubbed the nipple as she took a step forward. His warm moist breath caressed the nipple before wrapping it in a moist 

kiss, his teeth coming the nipple hold it as the tip of his tongue flicked back and forth.

Her hands moved to grip his shoulders as her knees began to shake. The warmth 

of his palm under the weight of her breast as brought her a step closer and he began 

to suckle on her nipple hard. His teeth nipped at the sensitive nub as she placed her knee on the cushion of his chair...bringing a low groan from her. The tip of her tongue flicked out to moisten her bottom lip as he released her nipple, looking up at her. His gaze danced with passion as he planted a hand on either hip to pull her down straddling his lap. Her nipples brushed the crisp cotton of his shirt, making them tingle, stiffening more as his hands moved from her hips ..snaking around to cup her ass kneading the supple flesh as he lifted his hips. His growing shaft pressed upward against the dampness of her mound..and she pushed down to rock along the fly.

Her head fell back as his lips moved along her throat, nipping and kissing a trail up to her ear as he pulled her tight against his chest. His hands moved back around to her hips...the pads of his thumbs caressed the sensitive skin along the joint of leg and hip as his heart pounded in unison with hers. Her fingers made their way to his tie to pull it loose, fumbling with the buttons. His hand moved into her hair to pull her head down, his

mouth closed over hers as his tongue pressed between her lips to find her tongue in a sensual dance. Her fingers pulled at the buttons opening each one down to the waist of his pants, the groan that rumbled in the back of her throat as she pulled at the buckle on his belt...tearing it open so that the button of his pants slipped free. Rasping breaths and deep moans rumbled in their throats as each worked to bring the other to a peak...to draw a climax first. 

She pulled back....her gaze dark and passionate as her fingers pressed open his fly...the soft gasp of delight as his shaft springs free. The red swollen head glistened with drops of precum as her fingers glided back and forth...to tease and tantalize, bringing a deep growl through his clenched teeth. The raspy laugh that followed his growl brought his gaze to hers...stopping her breath in her throat. His desire and need made her hold her breath, but it was the love that made her clench her teeth and wrap her legs around his waist. Fingers sure, as her lips pressed to his, she pushed the pants from his waist down, using fingers and the shifting of her weight to slide the pants off his hips. Raising up slightly, her fingers wrap around his shaft, eyes locked with his as she shudders and presses down. An inch at a time...she tightened around his shaft..evoking moans and growls from him as she herself bit her bottom lip to keep from calling out. 

His head pressed against her throat as his hands pushed under her ass. His breathing ragged as he lifted her up barely breaking contact and held her aloft then rammed her back down sheathing him deep inside her womb. Her guttural cry brought a moan from his lips as they moved in together...love, passion...need all bringing them to this. Her arms tightened around his neck as she pressed heated kisses to his jaw...running her tongue along his ear and biting the lobe. Her lips curled back as she held her breath...his shaft throbbed and jerked as she pulled her head back, rocked down hard and covered his mouth with hers catching the cry of passion as they both rocked back and forth exploding together. Shudders racked their bodies as their hearts pounded... echoing in their ears. 

She pulled from the kiss...her breath nothing more than soft gasps as she rested her head against his. Her tongue flicked out to catch a drop of sweat that rolled down the point of his lip, as she ran her fingers gently through the hair around his ear. His hands moved along her sides, caressing her hips as he caught his breath...shifting in the chair to let his pants slide down around his ankles. Her head glided down to rest against his shoulder...his arm wrapped around her waist holding her close as the knock came at the door...........

He pulled his shirt together as she looked around. His face was flushed with a sheen of sweat across his brow, and she slid from his lap under the desk. Another knock rattled the door this time his boss's voice called out on the other side. She grabbed the coat and pulled it with her as he shifted and slid his chair under the edge of the desk. Leaving the tie loose he ran his fingers quickly through his hair and tried to look busy as she nestled down there between his knees.

Her fingers drug along his damp thighs as the door opened. She bit back a soft laugh as he took a quick breath and remembered not to stand. She could see the toes of his shoes as he stopped, their voices were audible the words not clear, but she wasn't listening. Her gaze was riveted to his lap, the damp hair surrounding his hardening cock. The tip of her tongue runs across the fullness of her bottom lip. Before she could pull back she placed her fingers at the base of his shaft and ran them the length of the wet, hot skin. Sliding over the head before she knelt up closer, to run the flat of her tongue over the tip tickling the leaking slit. She felt the heat radiating along the tight skin as his stomach rippled above her. Unable to avoid the desire, she opened her mouth and slid the head between her lips, clamping them around the foreskin, she begins to suck. Fingers move up and down along the slick cock shaft as her teeth graze the sensitive skin at the back of the head. 

She felt the jerking pulse of his cock as she continued to suck and stroke. His voice above the desk was drowned out by the hammering of her heart. Blood pounded in her ears as she moved her lips wider to slide as much of his cock into her mouth as she could take. The head brushing the back of her throat before she pressed the flat of her tongue along the back of the shaft and began bobbing her head up and down. Long slow strokes up with her hot, wet mouth and sliding back down tickling the back of her throat with the head and sucking hard before repeating the moves over again. Long nails danced lightly over the skin of his inner thighs, making the gooseflesh rise and his leg jerk under the touch.

She continued to suck, moving her head up and down, she did move forward as he pushed the chair back, clutching the arms staring at her. His trying to catch a breath made her smile and blush. His hand moved from the chair as he tangled his fingers in her hair coaxing her once again to wrap her lips around his cock and suck up and down. His hips lifted from the chair as his hand pressed down, keeping her head bobbing with the rhythm of his cock moving in and out of her lips. Her fingers wrapped around the base as she shifted her weight pressing into his lap. 

His voice was husky and strained ..."Oh...dear God..." before arching his hips..his cock jerking as he bucks up.." No...." pushing the chair back and pulling her mouth from his cock. "No..." 

His eyes glazed and dark as she licked her lips...opening her mouth to take him again. He dragged her up against his lap and turned her around, pushing her with a gentle strength. She bent over the desk, papers flew off as she grabbed the edge and bit her lips. His hand pressed to the back of her neck as she felt his cock head pressed to her wetness. His breath hot on her ear as he bit the lobe and slid his cock home with a single thrust. Her pussy tightening around him brought them both close to a climax as he begins to move, slow at first, out to the edge of his foreskin, teasing her without withdrawing only to slam back in quick and hard. Out again as his teeth played with her ear lobe and she lifted her ass up to take him in as deep as she could. Her fingers clung around the edge of the desk as she jerked thrusting back to meet him. Breathes came in gasps as her nipples pressed against the smooth edge of his desk mat. 

Her mound pushed against the edge of his desk as his cock slammed in and out of her, now faster and harder. He pulled her head up..turning it to cover her mouth is a deep kiss, his tongue pushing between her lips as his cock pounded into her deep and sure. Their breaths mingle as she jerks upright, pulling her head around breaking off the kiss. 

Her back stiffened as he jerked and slammed into her holding tight as she felt his cock throb and shoot the hot cream deep inside. Her walls closed tight around his pulsing cock...milking and caressing every drop of his seed from him. 

Shaking and gasping she laid her head to the papers that lay soaked beneath her head and he lay on her back, kissing her neck softly. His hands stroked her bare hips as he nuzzled the back of her neck...their hearts slowing as his still hard cock slides from her sheath... 

==================

She turned, the sheets tangled at her waist as her hips buck up from the mattress. Three fingers pumping in and out of her wet pussy, while her thumb rubs back and forth on her swollen, sensitive clit. The sound of her own voice, the feeling of juices flowing over her fingers as she came woke her. Her eyes shot open, heart pounding as her pussy throbbed, her fingers moved in and out as the climax ebbed. She ran her tongue around her lips, allowing her breaths to slow even the sheets were wet, sweat cling to her skin and hair. 

He'd done it again, invaded her dreams making her so hot with desire. Pulling her wet fingers up along her body, teasing her own nipples with the hot sticky juices from her pussy before she slipped them into her mouth. The low groan was from her throat, she tasted so good, she could almost taste him too. She rolled over grabbing the phone, she dialed his number waiting for him to answer.