 He walked into his room in a daze, sore and exhausted from the previous night and this morning's hike, when he noticed a curvy, little blond naked in his bed, under the sheets, with just enough cleavage showing to make him want to see more, her big bluish-green eyes shining in the mid-morning sun, lust pooling over in them, her lips full and a peach pink, her long hair falling a soft waves down her bare back and shoulders. 

She gives him that 'come hither' look. Unable to resist, he kick off his shoes, tosses his shirt over his head, then his pants came down, he climbed into bed with her, finally getting a good look at her hard, pink nipples as he pull back the sheets. 

He kissed her lips, tasting like peaches; her scents fill his nose, her hair smelling like strawberries, her skin at the base of her neck smelling like honeysuckle. She smelt as good as a flower garden on a sunny spring day, maybe even better.

He soon start to feel that tight tug, his muscles tightening, his dick growing hard at the sight of this beautiful blond haired goddess looking woman in his bed, naked and waiting, ready to fall into his arms.

As he pulls the sheet up to his chest, she leaned back, his eyes glued to her hard nipples, wondering what they taste like; her hands ran over them, down her smooth stomach and stops just below her belly button. She then takes one of his hands and gently places them on one of her breast, her hardened nipple pressing into his hand as she arches her back to him. 

Wishing and wanting him to touch more, her skin warm, her blond hair sprawled over the pillow; he can feel the tension in his groin, growing bigger and harder, as he moved his hand down over her breast, across her stomach to her smooth bare pussy. 

Without instruction, he ran two fingers between her pussy lips, slick with her sweet juices; she arches her back more, a little moan getting caught in her throat; her skin flushed as he moves his fingers to his lips and tastes her, his eyes closing shut, she was delicious, tasting like honey, he wanted more.

He was more than halfway gone now, as he kicked off the sheets, he got on top of her and gently sucked in her nipples, her skin smelling wonderfully like honeysuckle; but he wanted to taste her honey again; he released her hard nipples from his mouth and lightly licked down her warm, naked body and stop just at the apex of her smooth, soft legs.

He looked up at her from between her legs, her eyes were big and as bright as the sky outside, her hair a wild wavy mess, shining in the sunlight as the soft summer breeze grazed their hot bodies. He again ran his fingers between her pussy lips, making her body jolt. Spreading her lips with his fingers, he gently placed his tongue over her clit, flicking his tongue around it, making her moan and her hands on her breast, squeezing them, needing them, softly and gently massaging them. 

She was so wet; he slid his finger into her warm pussy whole and kept his tongue going at a good pace, his finger moving in and out slowly. He removed it and licked her sweet honey off his finger, closing his eyes as he tasted her, wanting more. He moved back down to her pussy, spread her lips and dove in again, this time pushing in two fingers. 

He wanted to pleasure her so bad, he wanted to feel her orgasm and he was going to. He flicked the tip of his tongue over her clit and his fingers moved in and out of her sweet pussy. He wasn't rough or fast about it, he knew with a woman of this caliber to take his time. 

He wanted her to orgasm and he was happy when she did. It didn't take long for it to hit her. Within minutes, he felt her body start to shake, her back arched as her hot, liquid wave crashed over her body, flushing her soft, smooth skin, painting it pink, her moans coming out soft and long, her breathing coming fast. 

He removed his fingers, licked the clean, and then licked between her pussy lips, tasting her orgasm, making her body jolt once more, and her clit so sensitive. As she floated back down to earth, he got up and pulled his boxers down, hard with a drop of pre-cum dripping down the side as he climbed back into bed between her legs. 

She looked up at him with big lustful eyes as he kissed her full lips, his tongue playing lightly with hers, then down her neck, sucking in her flushed skin, warm, to her breast. He sucked in a hard nipple as he pushed into her tight, wet pussy, taking his time, slowly edging in, all eight inches of him deep inside her luscious pussy. 

He looked deep into her shining eyes, lust and pleasure filling them, her moans coming out in song, the summer breeze coming in through the open window, lightly brushing her hair.

He slid his dick into her nice and slow, making a steady rhythm. He felt all of her as he pushed in and out, his skin turning hot and sweaty as he moved above her, the sun illuminating her as she moaned and ran her hands across his back, up and down, as he felt her hands move down to his ass and squeezed, then pushed down, telling him she wanted him to go a little faster. 

He leaned down on his forearms and kissed her, wishing for this to happen every morning. He pushed in and out a little faster, his breathing coming heavier. He filled all of her, pushing her to orgasm again, she was so wet, he knew it wouldn't be long before his hit him, he could feel it moving up as the walls over her pussy sucked his dick. 

Then, he instantly felt her skin flush and her body gave a jolt, he knew right away. She screamed as her orgasm hit her, crashing to shore, her inner muscles tightening around his dick, pulling his orgasm to shore along with hers. Not even a minute and he was coming, his body reacting in the same manner as hers. 

He pushed in her once more, and then pulled out, feeling weak and limp from such an intense orgasm. His body sweaty, just like hers, he lay next to her limp body and looked into her eyes, still clear, her hair a wild, tangled mess. They didn't have to say anything to each other, their bodies said it all.