 I'm waiting in the airport, listening for my boarding call, trying to shake the latest of my string of hangovers. I close my eyes, praying for a silence I know will never come in a crowded waiting area. I frown, thinking that having that last beer the night before was probably a very bad idea, but at the same time, reminiscing about the good time that were had by all. The last five days were incredible, and I realize that a getaway to Mexico was just what I needed to cut the long, harsh winter short. Spending the last few days sunning and swimming by day, drinking and partying by night, was a welcome relief from the real world. Unfortunately, the fun had to come to an end because of an early morning meeting that I have to be at. I had to leave my friends a day early and make my way back home alone. With the headache pounding in my temples, I feel some comfort in knowing that I'll be able to sleep the whole way home and not have my rambunctious friends disturbing me.

Sitting with my eyes closed, I feel the presence of someone watching me. In an effort to keep the light from filtering in too quickly, I slowly force my eyes back open. When they have finally adjusted to the bright glare of the sun attacking me through the large windows giving show to the runway, I lay my sight upon one of the most beautiful women that I have ever seen. She sits across from me, a perfect smile on her face. Her long, dark hair cascades over her bare shoulders and focused on me are her arresting green eyes. I smile back, feeling a movement in my shorts. Just looking at this beautiful creature is enough to evoke the growth of my manhood. I shift uncomfortably under her gaze, fearful that she may be aware of what is happening down below. 

Just what I need, I think. Some gorgeous woman seeing me unable to control my urges.

Just at that moment, the first boarding call for the flight sounds over the speakers, and thankful for the chance to reposition myself, I stand slowly and grab my carry on. I give the woman another smile, trying to be slick, and make my way to the aeroplane. I notice that she hangs back and I think that she must be in the front half of the plane. Thinking about her luscious lips, my headache seems to recede for a moment and I feel some sort of relief from the pounding. I find my seat, an aisle seat, and stuff my bag into the overhead compartment. I sit down and once again close my eyes, waiting for the rest of the plane to fill. Suddenly, I hear someone clear their throat and I realize that someone wants to squish into the window seat. As I slowly open my eyes again, there I find the smoking, hot woman standing in front of me. She cocks her head towards the window seat.

"Mind if I get to my seat?" she asks. Her voice is low and throaty, but yet at the same time, so feminine.

Not being able to speak, my words getting caught in my throat, I stand up and motion for her to squeeze by. Seeing how flustered I've become, she lets out a barely audible laugh and moves past me. As she does, her firm ass rubs gently across my crotch and I once again feel the same awakening as before. I flop back into my seat, completely embarrassed, hoping that she didn't feel my cock growing hard against her ass. I sneak a peek at the woman out of the corner of my eye, and she appears to have gone about her business, settling into her seat. My peripheral gaze drops down to her crossed legs, her sundress riding up her bronzed thigh. Oh! Just to take that leg in my hand and kiss my way up her tight, smooth skin, I think. My imagination begins running wild with fantasies. I want to touch her and kiss every inch of her desirable body. I clamp my eyes shut, trying to rid myself of such foolish daydreams, but she has been permanently etched into the back of my eyelids. I try to focus on anything except that alluring woman, attempting to picture the most mundane of things, and finally, she flees from my mind and I slip into a light slumber.

What seems to me to be just moments later, I am awakened by a short spell of turbulence. Groggy, I look around the plane, and notice that there are very few passengers aboard. I find it odd that the waiting area had been bustling with people. I come to the conclusion that most of those loud, happy people must have been waiting for a different flight. As my senses return to me, I remember whom I am sitting beside. I sneak a quick glance her way and see that she seems to be enthralled with a video playing on the TV in the back of the seat in front of her. She laughs silently at a joke, or something funny, and I continue to stare at her. She has such amazing eyes, a green that is as clear as a perfect emerald stone. I can't believe that they are natural, but for someone so perfect, they can't be anything but real. I decide that I need to talk to her. I want to hear her voice, to see those eyes looking at me. I sit there, trying to get the nerve to say something, when I think of the perfect opener. I tap the woman on the shoulder and she removes her headphones.

"What movie are you watching?" I squeak out.

"Blades of Glory." She says then puts her headphones back in and goes back to the movie.

Feeling like a complete ass, recognizing how stupid and close-ended that question was, I get up and make my way to the small bathroom. On my way there, I see a stairway leading to an upper deck. I turn to the flight attendant preparing a food cart.

"Is there another floor on this plane?" I ask.

"Yes, but no one is up there today. The flight is pretty much empty. Of course, no one is allowed to go up there either. That could result in some serious trouble." She smiles. "Is there anything else I can help you with, Sir?"

I realize that I am still standing there, staring up the stairs, curious as to what may be above in the darkened space. I quickly enter the bathroom and latch the door without giving the attendant an answer. I look in the mirror and am shocked to see the pale face staring back at me. You'd never guess that I just spent 5 days in Mexico under the burning sun. I splash my face with water, remnants of the brutal hangover still plaguing my body. I use the facilities, taking my time, kicking myself for screwing up the chance to talk with the woman. I make a decision to try again, this time not leaving her the opportunity to go back to the movie so quickly.

I unlock the door and make my way out of the bathroom. I come face to face with a sweaty, fat man. He looks as though he may be in that bathroom for awhile. I thank heavens that I had gotten there first. I walk back to my seat and sit down. When I'm settled in, I see that the woman has either finished the movie or stopped watching it. This seems to be my chance to strike up a conversation and I take the chance. I turn to my right and begin to speak.

"Hi. My name is Jake." I offer her my hand to shake. She looks at it, and reluctantly takes my hand.

"I'm Serena." Touching her soft skin, shivers run through my body. I drop her hand quickly, trying to avoid any permanent damage to myself.

Trying to save myself, I hastily spit out another sentence.

"So, was that a good movie, that Blades of Glory?" I give her a goofy smile. God, I'm such a moron, I think.

"It was kind of stupid. I turned it off because I was getting bored with it. These flights can be so boring." She stifles a yawn, as if to show just how bored she really is. I need her to keep talking, her voice so intoxicating. Thankfully, it seems as though my stupid question has elicited her to continue talking without my having to say anything.

"I wasn't even supposed to be on this flight today," she says. "I wasn't supposed to be leaving for another few days, but there was an emergency at the office and I've been called back."

Keeping the conversation flowing, I ask, "And what is it that you do?"

As if it that was the funniest question ever asked, she smiles, her eyes crinkle and a low laugh escapes her throat. "I'm a model."

Of course she's a model. What else could this goddess of a woman be? The world be wasted if she didn't let herself be captured by film.

"Ah..." is my response.

"Yes. I was enjoying some of my time off, but one of the other models got sick and they need a replacement for her photo shoot. And, well, it seems that I've been chosen. So much for my vacation."

Seeing an opportunity to boost my ego a little, as well as to keep our conversation going just a little longer, I dive into my passion for photography. She listens intently as I tell her about some of the things that I've been shooting, including pictures from my recent trip to Mexico. She asks me if I have my camera on board. I tell her that I do, and then she asks the unthinkable.

"May I see some of your shots?"

Oh no! What if she thinks they're awful? She poses for pictures for a living. She's bound to see the crappy quality of my shots. Reluctantly, I get up and open the overhead bin.

"Are you sure that you want to look at them? They probably aren't the same calibre as the photos you're used to seeing. I'm just an amateur."

She looks up at me as I root through my carry on to find my camera. "Of course I'm sure. I'm sure they're great, even for just an amateur."

I find my camera and sit back down. I turn it on, and find a series of shots that I took of my friends roughhousing on the beach. They're my favourite ones, the action coming across so clearly in the crisp pictures. She looks slowly and contemplates each picture, getting a sense of what is really happening in each shot. When she's finished, she hands the camera back, and sits quietly. I believe that she's trying to come up with something nice to say without just saying that they suck.

"Those are very good. I feel as though I am right there with those boys, watching them play."

This was probably the highest compliment that she could have given me. However, I think it's mostly because it's this stimulating woman who said it. I believe she could have said they sucked and I still would have been happy. I thank her and put my camera away. She looks towards the front of the plane and tries to hide another yawn. I was losing her, boredom creeping into our encounter. I have to save myself, and remembering the empty upper deck, I lay out a suggestion to her.

"So, this plane has a second floor, and the flight attendant told me that no one is up there. How would you like to sneak up there and do a little exploring? We may find someting that's been left behind or whatever. It could be fun to sneak up there."

I await her response. She turns back to me, her lips in a smirk. "That does sound like fun. How do we get up there?"

I tell her about the stairway right near the bathroom. We agree to go one at a time, waiting for the attendant to be closer to the front of the plane, so that we don't get caught. She goes first, sliding past me, evoking that damn movement once again. I sit back down, glancing back to see what is happening with Serena. She makes it to the stairs, and with a wink, disappears.

Now it's my turn. I look around to locate where the flight attendant is, and spot her still dealing with a passenger near the front of the plane. What luck! I get up and start to the back of the plane. Inches from those stairs and whatever else might be waiting for me, a flight attendant crosses my path. I stop dead in my tracks, fearful that she knows what's going on. As calmly as possible, I slide past her and go into the bathroom. I'm sweating, profusely, so I quickly wipe my face. Slowly, and oh so quietly, I open the door a smidgen. I see both flight attendants are now at the front of the plane. I stealthily sneak from the washroom and bust my ass up the stairs. Not having time to stop, I run right into Serena, almost knocking her over. I grab her, holding her up, her faces inches from mine. Her minty breath is cool on my face, providing some relief from the heat of the excitement.

"Whoa. Slow down there. You in a rush?" She asks.

"Sorry." I tell her. "I almost got caught by a flight attendant. Talk about exhilaration."

She laughs, and I put a finger to her lips to quiet her. The last thing we need is for someone to hear us from down below. I take my finger away, and start to pull her down the aisle. The darkness makes it difficult to see anything, let alone allow us to find belongings left behind. But just knowing that we're doing something naughty, is all we need to keep wandering along the darkened aisles. We move silently between the seats, looking at the floor, trying to find something... anything. Serena is moving one way and I'm moving the other way. All of sudden, we come to the same place.

"Find anything?" I ask.

"Not a thing. They really do clean house." She gives me a sexy pout. I look deep into her eyes, losing myself in the depth of them. Before I have a chance to over-think things, I lean forward and put my lips to hers. She jumps with surprise, but thankfully, she doesn't pull away. Instinctively, I pull her closer, allowing her body to mould to the grooves of mine. Letting herself be swept into the kiss, her tongue parts my lips and slides into my mouth. I feel her tongue on mine, massaging it, then exploring my mouth. She pulls her tongue back and breaks the embrace. She is breathless, panting slightly.

"Wow. I wasn't expecting you to do that." She grins. "But I sure am glad that you did."

I'm in heaven, hardly believing that this is happening to me. I'm tempted to pinch myself, but I don't want to be awakened just yet if this is all just a dream. Serena stands there, staring at me, perhaps waiting for me to say something to her. I look down at my feet, a wave of shyness sweeping over me. When I finally get the nerve to look up again, she's turned away and gone back to pacing the aisles. You damn fool! I think. What are you doing here? Way to make yourself look like a complete loser.

I start walking the aisles again, completely lost in my thoughts, when I feel a tug at my shirt and I'm pulled to the floor. I look back and see Serena, her eyes showing surprise and excitement. I hear talking and realize that someone has come upstairs. Positive that we're seconds away from being caught, I hear a lighter flick and then some giggling between flight attendants. It seems as though some of them have sneaked upstairs to have an illegal cigarette. I try to muffle the laugh that is escaping from me, laughs from knowing that they could be in as much trouble as we are, as they are from relief at not being looked for. After a few minutes, the voices subside and we know that the flight attendants have returned to the lower floor to continue their on-flight duties. The smell of lavender lingers in the air, having probably been used to cover the smell of the tobacco. We rise from the floor and step into the aisle as Serena looks at me, eyes half closed, the look of lust glazing her over. If this was going to go further, now was the chance to continue what I had started a few moments before. I grab her by the waist and pull her close.

"You are so incredibly beautiful," I whisper in her ear. I know it's lame and she's probably heard it a thousand times before, but I couldn't think of a single clever thing to say. As I finish whispering, I touch her ear gently with my lips, slowly tugging her skin between my teeth. She lets a small gasp escape her lips. I continue to tantalize her with soft kisses beginning on her neck and eventually reaching her collarbone. A low moan comes from within her; she's losing herself in the pleasure of my lips on her skin. Her skin is so sweet and I just want to taste every inch of her. Reluctantly, I pull away from her, fearful that things will stop. However, she surprises me, and with a sexy smile, she reaches behind her and unzips her dress. Slowly, her dress falls to the floor and I discover that she's chosen not to wear any undergarments that day, her perfect body completely bared for me. As she steps out of her dress, I move forward again, and resume tasting every inch of her body. I grab one of her tits in my hand, taking her nipple between two of my fingers. I tug gently on it, eliciting a sound of pleasure from Serena. Next, I let my mouth replace my fingers, pulling her hardened nipple with my teeth, being oh so gentle, as not to hurt her. As much as I want to throw her down and ravage her, I only want to give this woman pleasure and am doing my best to go slow.

As I continue kissing my way down the length of her body, Serena reaches forward with one of her hands and places it on my already stiffened cock. Even through my shorts, I can feel the softness of her touch. I pull away from her once again. As I do, she begins working the buttons and zipper of my shorts. Within seconds, she has them undone and I proceed to shake the shorts off, being slightly clumsy in the process, but just wanting to be free of the restraints. I throw my T-shirt over my head, and as quickly as possible, shed my sandals. Suddenly, there we stand, both of us naked and vulnerable, anticipating what is yet to come. I get down on my knees in front of her and put my hands on her hips. I pull her closer to me and bury my face in her perfectly groomed pussy. I touch my tongue to her clit, delicately licking the small mound of flesh. Serena throws her head back, letting out a loud sigh. I pull back and look up at her.

"Shhh." I whisper to her. "We have to be as quiet as possible."

She looks down at me, a look of need in her eyes, but at the same time, puts her finger to her lips in a motion to silence herself. I go back to her, extending my licks from the bottom of her pussy, right up across her clit. I lap at her faster, shortening the strokes of my tongue, totally focused on making Serena cum. I feel Serena's hands on my shoulders, and her grip tightens as she gets closer to cumming. Her body starts to shake slightly, and she gasps for air as satisfaction courses through her body. I continue massaging her clit with my tongue. Serena releases her juices, cum running down her leg. As her orgasm subsides, I move my mouth to her inner thigh, and taste her sweet, warm juice. 

I stand up, and am face to face with a glistening, relaxed Serena. She turns me so that my back is to one of the aisle seats. She gently pushes me back and I land down into the seat. Now she is kneeling in front of me, her hands immediately on my cock. She strokes me a few times, and I feel myself grow even harder under her touch. I sit there, anticipating the moment when her full lips will wrap themselves around me. Without warning, her mouth is on me, her lips circling my head. I feel her tongue caress the tip, and all of a sudden the feeling is almost more then I can handle. The feel of her warm mouth on my cock is reaching the point of being overwhelming and I panic, trying so hard to hold back, wanting to savour every minute that I have with Serena. I shut my eyes tight and take a few slow, deep breaths. Within seconds, thankfully, the panic subsides and I manage to break past the point of no return. My muscles relax and I go back to watching Serena suck me off. I watch as she continues to take more of me into her mouth. I feel everything that she's doing with such clarity. I feel the light pressure of her lips on my head, the tightness of her hand squeezing my shaft. As she continues to bob on my cock, I begin to feel her tongue flick at the rim of my head, causing a slight tickle that feels so incredible, it takes me to a place of complete euphoria. She stares up at me, those unreal eyes focusing on mine. With my cock in her mouth, she smiles, and then pulls away, my shaft still in her hand.

"Does that feel good, Jake? Do you like having my mouth wrapped around your hard cock?

Unable to think, let alone form a proper sentence, I release a moan as my response to her. She moves her mouth back to my cock, and I feel that incredible first touch again. She continues to stroke my shaft, more and more of my cock disappearing into her mouth, and she moves faster, with a determination to make me cum.
