 22He moved in a few months ago, I would see him a few times a week, whether in the buildings' elevator or the laundry room in the basement of our apartment building. When we would see each other, we would nod and say the occasional "hi" and "how are you doing?"

As far as saying more, I wish I could do that! Guys like him always intimidated me: tall, dark and handsome. Boy was he handsome; about six feet tall, broad shoulders and chest well-built dark hair and blue eyes. Definitely fantasy material.

The real kicker of it is that he lives next door to me and I don't know his name. All that I do know is that he is good looking, and he has a habit of washing his dark colored clothing with his whites. And to be honest, I really don't want to know his name. Otherwise it takes away from my fantasy, one I dream of every night as I soak in the tub after a day of writing. Not knowing his name adds the excitement as I pleasure myself, having him fulfill my every desire; touching me until I ride the pleasurable wave of ecstasy over and over again.

But then when reality reared it's had; I have to wish that a wall didn't separate us and that I had the nerve to approach him.

As the saying goes, be careful what you wish for, because it can come true. And it did for me.

I was sitting in the laundry room, sitting on top of an empty washer waiting on my load of clothing to finish washing. I was proofing that days writing for my current erotic mystery work when he entered the laundry room.

"Hey" he said, and I jumped as he caught me off guard. We both laugh and I greeted him back after my heart beat slowed back down. 

We both were quiet as he began to throw clothes in another washer and I pretended to work. Only I was watching him through my lashes, and i finally got the nerve to speak to him. 

"You know," I said, interrupting him, "Your clothes would do better if you separated them by color and such..."

He looked at me and smiled, "Oh?"

"Well sure," I said as I placed my pen and paper behind me and hopped down. I walked over next to him and said, "For instance, I see you are placing a red shirt with your white socks. If you aren't careful, anything white can turn to pink." Fantasy man grinned, "Makes sense. And here I thought some woman was throwing her socks in with my clothing," He laughed. "It's just easier I think to throw them all together."

I grin back, "Who knows? Also, I see that you are actually overloading the machine. If you do that, your clothes really won't get clean."

He groaned, "I know, but again, it just seems easier."

I smile at him and just shrug, "Just trying to give you a few tips. Don't want you going around in pink socks that aren't clean!" I turn around while he begins to take the clothing back out of the washer. Meanwhile, my clothes were ready for the dryer. I was about to start the dryer when he stopped me.

"Um," he cleared his throat. "This fell out of the pile when you took it out of the washer." I turned to look and blushed as I saw him hold up one of my bras.

I laugh and thanked him. After starting the dryer, I hop back up on the washer again and pick my work up again, as he grabbed a magazine and sat in a chair next to his washer.

"I noticed you writing a lot," he broke in.

I look at him and smile, "I write novels, as well doing freelance journalism."

He looked impressed, "Wow, that is interesting. Maybe I have read some of your work."

I laughed. "I doubt it; my writing tends to be read by women. I write erotic mysteries."

"Really? My ex wife was a big fan of erotic mysteries; I even read a few of them myself. She was a big fan of one of them, a Michelle Hartley...Hartfield? something like that."

"Michelle Heartland?" I ask, grinning.

"Yeah! You read her before?"

"Well, you can say that," I laugh. "I know her pretty well, so well that I am her! Well that is just a pen name, but we're the same person."

"Really?" He asked. "I just might have to have you sign a book for my ex, maybe one for me!"

I laughed with him, "Sure, no problem."

"I have to say that I really enjoyed reading your novels by far. The other writers are good, but I like your style much better," he said. I was taken back by his comment, "thank you."

We fell silent for a moment. "Well, I am rather embarrassed to ask this after the few times we have talked, but if Michelle Heartland isn't your name, what is it?"

"Elise Harvin."

"Pretty name, Elise," he said. I smiled back at him and he told me his name, "I'm Jake Wiggins."

I offer my hand to shake his, which sent tingles through my hand and arm, "Nice to meet you, Jake."

I was a little disappointed to know his name now, yet at the same time I have a name to use when crying out for pleasure during my nightly ritual.

"So what are you writing about now?" He asked.

I shook my head, "Oh no, I don't talk about my novels while I am working on them," I grin sheepishly, "Call it a superstition."

He laughed, "okay, no problem. I am sure it will be a hit."

Again silence fell between us, and I checked on my clothes, which were not dry yet. Jake also put his clothes in the dryer and started his second load-just whites. 

I lean against the washer again and asked him what he did for a living. He came and leaned against the washer next to me. "I am the Vice president of Wiggins Communications. We own a few radio and television stations, four magazines, as well as run-"

"Tyler Publishing," I finished for him.

He looked at me and grinned, "yeah, how did you know?"

"They were one of the companies I sent stories to when I was starting out. But they turned me down. 

Jake groaned, "If only I knew!"

I laughed, "Well, don't feel bad, several turned me down before Jackson and Smith signed me on." 

By this time, the dryer that had held my clothes were dry, and I got tossed them into the basket. "Well, it was great meeting and talking to you Jake. I'll see you around?"

"Wait," he said. "Why don't' you come over to my place, in about an hour? The night is still young and I have the day off tomorrow. I can make us a drink or whatever."

I pretended to think a moment, but I knew I wasn't going to let a chance like this pass. "Okay, apartment 4G?"

Jake grinned, "Next to yours, 4F."

I passed the time by folding my clothes and putting them away. I tried to sit down and work on my novel some, but my mind was not in it. I thought of changing clothes, or fixing myself up; but I didn't want to see too eager. Besides, he had seen me moments ago with my hair pulled back and in t-shirt and jeans.

I went over an hour later. His apartment had the same floor plan as mine and was tastefully decorated, which surprised me for him to be a bachelor. The atmosphere had a romantic quality to it, with only a few lamps lit and strategically placed candles that were lit.

"I like what you have done with the place," I called out to him, looking at various pictures on the wall of some kids and a beautiful blonde woman. "Especially for a bachelor" I added. I turned as he came in, "or I assume you are a bachelor."

Jake gave me that sexy grin of his that showed off perfect teeth. "Yes, I am a bachelor." He glanced around his apartment; "this is actually the handiwork of my sister."

"Ahh," was my reply. We sat on the couch, and he handed me a glass of white zinfandel. "Mmm..." I sighed, "How did you know I loved zinfandel?"

Jake laughed, "Maybe because that is what the heroines drunk in your novels?"

"Good point." I laughed.

We sat back, our thighs touching, his arm across the back of the couch. I could feel the warmth of his body as we started to watch the TV. It was a comfortable time, both of us enjoying the company and making occasional comments about the shows on TV. He was flipping through the channels when we saw a couple getting it on. He tried to change the channel again, when I told him to leave it. He looked at me to see if I was serious or just joking. I just grinned back at him. "You like these...movies?" He asked.

I gave him a look that pretty much said 'duh, who doesn't?' "Actually I do, they offer me inspiration and fuel for my imagination."

"Hmmm..." He commented, "I think they are funny sometimes. Who actually does some of that stuff they show in those things?"

"Some people do," I said in defense. "It adds spice to the same ole', same ole'"

He cocked an eyebrow, "How about you?"

"Me?" I asked taken back, "well, I admit that there are some stuff I have not tried that I would like to. Some I have tried. And for the record, a lot of that stuff that the guys do on there don't' do it in reality."

Jake laughed, "and some don't have huge horse cocks."

"Tell me about it!" I laugh, "I take it that you don't do much of that stuff either?"

"Hmmm...Some I do," he said, "but personally, I love to kiss; love lots of foreplay and really taking my time to pleasure a woman."

I had to laugh. I had heard that line so many times, but I was convinced that guys were only out for themselves, for that next orgasm.

"What, you don't' believe me?" He asked, faking a face that said he was hurt. I had to humor him, "Oh I am sure that you do enjoy that, a lot of guys say that. But come on, it's a line."

"A line, huh?" He asked, leaning closer.

"Yes, " I smile, "they are concerned about their next conquest, their next orgasm."

"Hmmm" he looked at me critically, and then grinned. "You say that, but you haven't been with me."

I smile at that and look at him for a moment, but I couldn't hold back the laughter. "You sound so sure of yourself!" I take a sip of my wine, looking at him with a glint in my eye. "I haven't been with you yet? Dear Jake, I don't think you can handle me."

He laughed at that, moving closer as he flirted with me even more, "Is that a challenge?"

"Just stating a fact."

"I would like to see for myself. I never was one to resist a challenge," he said softly.

We kissed. He leaned in and kissed me. It was wonderful, nothing like my fantasy. His lips were so soft, gentle. We broke apart.

I couldn't help myself; I leaned back over to see if it would be the same. It was.

At first, our lips were the only parts of our body touching other than our thighs. He then gathered me close to him and the kiss turned passionate, deep.

Hands were roaming, I was touching his shoulders, sliding my hands down to his chest. I could feel his nipples harden against my palms. His hands slide into my hair, then gently pulled it back. His lips began to slide down my neck, kissing the skin exposed above the neckline of my shirt.

I groan, grab his head between my hands and kiss him again, sliding my tongue along his lips. He moaned into my kiss, and removed my hands. We look at each other, staring into desirous eyes. 

"Follow me," he said, taking me by the hand. I let him lead me into his bedroom. I glance around a moment before he began to kiss me again. "Elise," he said softly between kisses, "I want you," and he kisses me again. "Please say yes, please stay."

"Jake," I moan, "nothing would make me leave right now!" I kiss him again. 

Jake began to kiss me again, his hands roaming my back, touching my ass. Lifting me up slightly so I could feel his arousal against me. I gasp, and his hands then slide up under my shirt, touching my bare skin. They slid around to my breasts, cupping them, flicking his thumb against my nipple, and making them pucker.

"Oh Jake," I moan and throw my head back as my body arches against his touch. His hands begin to lift my shirt, pulling it over my head. It lands on the floor, unnoticed. His lips begin to kiss along the edge of my bra, then moving his mouth over the material of my bra. His mouth moves over my nipple, sucking through the material, and my knees buckle. He catches me.

"Elise," he moaned, as he catches me. He kisses my lips, "You are so sexy." He removes the clip that holds my hair, "You have such beautiful long blonde hair, and you should keep it down." He kisses me again, then looks into my eyes. "You have such enticing eyes, earlier they were green but now they are green with your desire." He begins to pull of my jeans, and slides them down along with my panties. His fingers undo the snaps on my bra. 

He picks me up and places me on the bed. "You definitely have one of the most beautiful bodies I have seen," He whispers, his eyes devouring my body. I can feel his gaze, as if he was really touching me. He begins to undress, joining me on his bed.

We begin to kiss again, my hands roaming his body; pinching his nipples lightly, grabbing his tight ass and rubbing myself against his cock. I push him onto his back and straddle his body. I lean down to kiss his lips, then moving my lips over to his ear. I lick the earlobe and suck on it gently, while he moans and touches my body with his wonderful hands. I move on down his chest, using my tongue to lick his nipples, making them harder. On lower I move my lips, finally reaching the throbbing hardness that made him all male.

It was beautiful. Probably he most beautiful I've seen, and I have seen a few! It was perfect, just how I liked it. Nearly 8 inches long and thick, with a mushroom head that I just adore. 

I want to town on him. I love sucking cock, even been told that I am good. Personally I don't' see how since I have a small mouth, but the secret is to just enjoy it. It's a power trip for me, knowing that I can literally bring a man to his knees, make him lose control if just for a moment.

I had worked most of it in my mouth, when he apparently had enough, "Baby, I won't last long if you continue that."

I pouted for a moment but soon was moaning in pleasure as his lips began to move down my chest to my 38 C tits, his hands already moving down to my pussy. I felt his moan more than heard it when he discovered how wet I was. He moved on down further, and my hands went to my breasts on their own accord, rubbing the wetness that was left by his mouth all around my nipples. 

I gasped when his mouth finally found his destination. His tongue separated my pussy lips, and licked literally from my ass hole to my clit and then gyrated on my clit. I grab his head and thrust my hips at the same time, just as his tongue went down my ass hole to repeat the same process. This continued a few more times, until I was begging him for his cock. 

"Not yet," he murmured and I groaned as he turned me over onto my tummy. I could feel his fingertips trailing down my back, his lips on the back of my neck. "You are so sexy, Elise" he muttered.

It has been awhile since my body had been worshipped like this. He had magic fingers, sending tingles and electric shocks down and across my body. My nerves stood at alert, and though it sounds cliché, I exploded. It was to be my first orgasm of many that night.

He spread my legs apart and began to lick my juices out, telling me give him my cum juice. I was getting close again to cumming when he just reared up. He kissed me roughly and I was taken aback. He slammed his cock right in, both of moaning from the pleasure.

"Oh yeah!" I groan.

"Couldn't wait," he moaned, gritting his teeth. He kept his cock still all that time. "You are so tight!" He pulled out slowly and then rammed it back in.

"Yeah, give it to me," I squeal, "fuck me Jake! Make me cum all over that gorgeous cock!"

And fuck me he did. Never had I gotten it so good. Over and over, it went in and out. Like a jackhammer he fucked me.

I came. I had heard of female ejaculators, but I have never done it until that time. Which turned Jake on like nothing else, and he fucked me even harder, making me ride the wave continuously. Finally with a shout, his cock erupted in me, filling me with all he had.

He then flopped beside me, and gathered me close. We kissed sweetly, and he placed my head on his massive chest as we cuddled. It was the most wonderful sex either of us had ever had, with him saying that it was beyond words for him. 

We spent a lot of nights together after that. I even moved in last May, after we were married. And even now, amazingly, the sex gets better every time.