 The warm, sweet breeze is blowing in my window and running it's fingers through my hair and caressing my face. I know I'm speeding but I can't help it. The night is just begging me to go faster, drive harder. I'm on one of the back roads in my hometown that I know so well, and there are never any cops out this way anyhow. My foot lifts briefly from the gas peddle to slow a bit into the next corner, I round the corner with ease. Laying my foot against the peddle again and pressing gently the purr of the 8 cylinders is intoxicating. 

I'm flying through the hills and vales of the countryside I've grown up with, my head pressed back into the head rest, my breathing deep and relaxed. The tension from the day slowly melting with the miles I place between myself and the real world. 

Red and blue lights flash in my rearview mirror. "What, how....?" I think to myself slightly panicked. I know I was well over the legal 55MPH. I slow and pull to the shoulder, the trees here thick enough that they block out the moon, so the only light is coming from both of the cars pulled to the shoulder on this back country rural road. 

I reach for my license and registration and insurance papers. As I lean back up I watch the large shadow of a man approach my door. My window is already lowered so I've no need to roll it down as the officer walks up to my car. He shines his flash light into the front seat of my car and the back, though there are no seats back there. "License, proof of insurance and registration please, miss. " His deep gravelly voice asks. I hand the cards I've already grabbed from my wallet to him. His hands are large like the rest of him, I notice he must be well over 6'0 and very muscular and broad. He walks back to his patrol car with my info and I wait patiently for his return, singing to myself lightly. 

After about 5 minutes I lay my head back against the headrest a lovely little fantasy playing out in my mind of how this huge officer could over power me and make me his. I hear a throat clear and startle a bit. I open my eyes and the officer is standing there, looking down at me, my legs have parted slightly and my finger tips were trailing back and forth on my thigh. I blush as I realize if he'd stayed quiet he very well could have gotten quite the show. 

He hands me back my info and leans in just a bit to begin talking to me when his radio crackles to life. The mumbling unintelligible to me but he tells me in a rushed tone to have a great evening and jumps into his cruiser and tears off. I sit there dumbfounded for a few moments, before the fantasy I'd been enjoying begins to wiggle back into my mind. 

I lay my seat back slightly and part my legs more, the skirt I'm wearing granting the easy access I need. I begin to indulge in my fantasy and run my fingertips along my thighs again, teasing myself by coming close to my moist, warm panties then backing away. I toy with myself awhile and then as my fantasy intensifies I begin to really go at myself, rubbing my now swollen clit and pounding two fingers into my dripping hole. 

I've been on what feels like the verge of an intense orgasm for sometime now when out of the darkness, suddenly there are bright lights shining into my rearview mirror. Though I notice them, they don't deter me from the task at hand, as I can feel I am so close to the edge. I hear a familiar throat clear and only cease my movements and open my eyes then. As I open my eyes, I am looking into the clearest grey eyes I've ever seen. It's the cop from earlier though now with his headlights illuminating my car I can clearly see his features. 

Dark hair that's a little shaggy frame his gorgeous grey eyes, his long nose and sharp cheekbones enhance his manly appeal and the stubble on his chin just amplifies that even more. His full lips are cocked into a grin as he tells me "don't stop on my account, I just saw your car still here and was a little concerned." 

I blush furiously as I realize all that he has seen. I lean forward a bit righting myself a little as his deep voice groans low, "Awwwe now don't do that. I was enjoying the show." A smile flits across my face as an idea lights behind my eyes. I glance at the attractive officer from lowered lashes and ask him as coyly as I can, "maybe you'd like to be of assistance, officer?"

He chuckles low as he reaches for the door handle, " I thought you'd never ask, kitten." His voice sending waves of electric pleasure down my spine as I realize this is about to happen. He offers his hand to me to help me from the car. His hand is so big and warm as it wraps around my entire hand, engulfing it. 

He walks me around to the back of my car, placing his large hands around my waist he easily lifts me up and sits me down on the trunk of my car. My knees spread to accommodate him as he presses against me and licks just the corner of my mouth with the tip of his tongue. 

He whispers "anything off limits kitten?" I shake my head no and he smiles and chuckles and takes my bottom lip between his teeth. Growling "Good." into my mouth. His fingers run up and tangle in my long dark hair. Sharply tugging my head back, exposing my throat to his teeth. He runs his lips and tongue over my neck, nipping lightly here and there and then sinking his teeth into my neck and grinding them hard at the junction of my neck and shoulder. 

I moan and arch my back, exposing more of my neck to his teeth. His hands have free run over my body, and they use it. Playing along my stomach, my thighs, my rib cage. Cupping my breasts and kneading them. He roughly handles me, making me moan and writhe under his touch. 

I grind my hips into his pelvis, he presses hard against me, the gun belt and rough material of his uniform pants burning and bruising my skin. His hand reaches down and lifts my ass of the cool metal of my car, he roughly shoves my skirt up over my hips and rips my panties from my hot, dripping slit. 

His fingers feel like ice against the heated lips of my sex, he parts the swollen lips and presses his fingers into my sex causing my back to arch hard and a harsh moan to fly from my lips.

The officer quickly drops to his knees and thrusts his tongue deep into my dripping sex. Lapping at my hole and stabbing the tip of his tongue into my clit. Alternating between the roughness I crave and the tenderness my delicate sex requires. 

He laps at my cunt for very little time before I pull his head up to me and press my lips to his hard. 

His hands grab me and pull my off the car, and flip me over pressing his bulge against my ass. He unzips his pants and positions himself at my opening and with one swift, hard thrust buries his entire length in me. A scream tearing from my throat, as his impressive length and girth fill me. 

His gun belt presses into my ass and bruises my tender flesh, his fingertips dig into my hips. I can feel them clutching at the bone, knowing there will be serious bruises there in the morning. He pounds harshly into me, causing me to scream and moan repeatedly. Thrusting back into his hips, as my orgasm approaches I thrust harder and scream for him to thrust harder, which he obliges. He reaches around my hips and fingers my swollen clit to a screaming, quivering, shuddering, mind blowing orgasm. 

As my walls clench on his throbbing member, he reaches his own shuddering orgasm. 

He thrusts a few more times emptying his load in me. My legs shaking from exhaustion and my body covered in a sheen of sweat. He pulls out of me and I stand up and turn to face him. He kisses me passionately and pulls me close, pulling my skirt down over my exposed ass. I press my number into his hand before he leaves. 

I hope he calls.