 I don't remember his name. I don't remember what it was that made me stop and chat with him. I do remember his screen name on AOL, but only because I thought it was something else; I think it was IGPoPInMan, which I had translated as I Go Pee In A Man (it actually had some thing to do with Iggy Pop).

I had been doing the online dating thing for a couple of months as I had recently gotten divorced and was trying to move on with things. I found that I liked (and still do) chatting online far better than on the phone. I am very tactile person and I think typing gives me more satisfaction than talking. So dating online was a great way to get started.

He seemed intelligent, I wouldn't have continued to talk to him if he didn't. He also seemed sweet and respectful, so I guess I thought I would give him a bit of my time. I owned a massage and yoga center and there would be lots of downtime, so I would often find myself online chatting to him between clients. He was a doctor in a major NY hospital, or so he said, so he would be online when he was home or taking a break. We were both tired and horny, so it didn't take long for the chat to turn into the beginnings of cybersex, although it never got very far; you try typing while masturbating: Uh..... Oh...... Yeah.... I'm touching myself.... Gonna cum....... Not worth it.

So, with that dilemma, we decided to chat on the phone. He called me one night while there was a yoga class going on and we chatted for a while. He then asked me to masturbate while he was on the phone. I told him he was crazy, that there were people in the next room in a class and any one of them could come out at any minute. There were no massage rooms free so I couldn't go in and hide. I finally agreed to go into my semi-enclosed office and do it for him. 

I left my clothes on so I could have quick escape if I needed one. I began by rubbing my breasts and pinching my nipples. I was so turned on knowing that he was listening to me, and I was even more excited knowing that someone could walk in on us at any moment.

My hand quickly moved down into my pants and under my panties. My fingers slipped into my dripping wet cunt and slid over my clit. I made tiny circles over my clit and occasionally pushed my fingers in as deep as I could reach. I could hear him breathing on the line and knew he was as turned on as I was, but I didn't hear him masturbating.

I described to him what I was doing in a low whisper so no one would hear. It didn't take long for me to feel the orgasm building, so I shoved my middle fingers deep in my cunt and gyrated my hips. I let out a heavy sigh as my pussy tightened around my fingers. I felt the waves of tingle flow up my spine and over my scalp.

We were silent for a moment, and then he spoke, "I have a fantasy, and I think you are the one to help me fulfill it."

I was intrigued, "Tell me about it."

"I have a fantasy that I meet a random girl and make here cum with my tongue."

I had to think about this last admission for a minute. This was a prospect so intriguing, so dangerous and so exciting... but so scary. I had no idea who this guy was, nor he I. He could have been a serial killer, rapist or a circus clown (the later of which being the most terrifying) but the curiosity got the better of me.

We arranged it for a Friday night, after my office was closed. The office was located in an industrial park and at that hour there was no one around. If I was to be murdered no one would probably know for days. He told me later that he was equally scared, as he wasn't sure if he was walking into some sort of a trap. But it was the danger that had us both so worked up.

The evening class had emptied out and the therapists had all left for the night. I got one of the rooms ready with candles and music. I locked the doors and waited for him to arrive. My heart must have been pounding through my ears. It was maddening what I was doing, but I was determined to go through with it. It was too good of a fantasy not to let it play out.

I knew from our conversations that he was of Chinese descent. I had never been with an Asian man before, and was quite curious. I wasn't sure if we were going to actually have sex, or he was just going to please me. I had asked him to bring some condoms, just in case. He thought this was very wise of me, he being a doctor and all.

He arrived a bit late, so I was more than worked up. I was worried he wouldn't find me attractive, but that didn't seem to be the case at all. He stopped for a moment when he came in, and as I was locking the door he brushed my neck with his hand. I paused, and took a deep breath, just feeling his touch. I turned to him and he pulled me in, kissing me first lightly, then stronger. His tongue lightly grazing my lip. My legs went weak underneath me.

I led him to the room, he took off his jacket and dropped it neatly over the chair. There was a finesse about him that you only see with the well groomed and refined men; one who concerned himself with respect for the things entrusted to him. He had on a dress shirt and slacks and his shoes were neatly polished. His eyes were small, but warm and his excitement over what was happening was apparent in the way he looked at me. 

He kissed me again, this time running his hand down and groping my breast. My nipples rose to meet him and I could no longer stand the feeling of my clothes. I pulled my shirt up over my head and threw it to the floor. He pulled me in to him, his hand behind my neck, in my hair. His kisses became more intense and his tongue became more probing. Our mouths were pulled together like magnets and it seemed we could not get close enough.

He lay me down on the massage table. He then took off his shirt and tossed it on the chair, a little less neatly than the jacket. He climbed between my legs and lay on top of me, kissing me with passion I felt down to my toes. He worked his way down my neck and onto my chest. It was marvelous, knowing he was there solely to please me. He licked his way around my nipple a few times, only to make it harder and more erect. He suckled on them, one by one and bit, just hard enough that I would feel it between my thighs.

He licked his way down my stomach, circling my navel as he fumbled with my pants. He pulled them down and off, throwing them on the floor in a heap. My panties were all that remained between his mouth and my now slippery cunt. He crawled back up, massaging my thighs as he moved, then kissing my thighs, softly, like butterflies. Finally he got to my crotch and kissed my pussy over my panties. He waited a moment, then moved the panties to the side and gave my cunt a small lick. He moaned in pleasure.

He ripped my panties off. I spread my legs as wide as I could to give him access. He began with a few light, slow licks on my clit. After a moment of this he kissed my clit with a gentle butterfly kisses, then placed his lips over it and gave a little suction. After he sucked for a moment, his tongue broke free and dug into my cunt. I arched my back to give him better access, arching up as he dug his tongue in, and down so he could lick my clit. We moved like this for a minute and then he started making little circles with his tongue on my sweet spot. I wanted to cum so bad, but I knew it wasn't time yet. He had come all this way, why make it easy?

After a moment, he took his two fingers and got them wet. He dug them deep into my hole, fingering up to my g-spot. He kept working his tongue over me and fucking me with is fingers meeting my rhythm as he sucked and licked me into a frenzy. I couldn't hold back any more. I came hard and strong and he moaned in pleasure along with me.

After I stopped convulsing, I looked down. He was lying between my legs, waiting for me to be ready for him to move. I finally moaned "I need you to fuck me!"

He jumped up and pulled off his pants. He grabbed a condom out of his jacket pocket and had it on in no time flat. He climbed between my legs and entered me as fast as he could move. He fucked me pushing his hard dick in as far as he could go. His passion was worthy of any medal I could think of and I moved my hips to take in all of him on each thrust.

I came again, and when he felt my pussy squeezing his cock he couldn't hold it any more. My screams of pleasure met with his moans of joy and we had the most intense, simultaneous orgasm in my history to that point.

We lay there in a heap for a while, just basking in the glory of what we had done; and the fact that neither of us was a mass murderer. He caressed my hair and face, we both glowed with appreciation. He finally whispered "thank you. You fulfilled a long-time fantasy of mine today."

"Trust me, it was my pleasure," I purred back at him.

We went out for dinner, and actually had a conversation that didn't revolve around sex. Turned out he really was a doctor in NY.

I never saw him again, and we only spoke a few times online after that, but the memory of that brief encounter is etched in my mind, forever.