 Asi stood still at the sight of him, the plate of appetizers wobbling in her hand. He actually came to my party??? She thought heatedly. She didn't think he would come to her party though she had given him the invitation. She blushed as she realized she was staring and fled back to the kitchen. Holy crap, what do I do now?! She busied herself with the ice bucket and tried to calm her nerves. Of course he would be here, lots of people from work were here. But he was in her house now. She shook her head and told herself she wasn't his type but that didn't stop her from furiously making herself climax every night at the thought on his lips and strong hands on her body. He was a bit taller than her, lean. Strong jaw, shaved head with an adorable beard she desperately wanted to run her fingers through. Set shoulders, muscled arms, and oh fuck those hands... strong looking, capable of handling her curves, kneading, pushing her in ways she had only dreamed about. Not to mention that adorable ass she glimpsed as he had bent over a few times around her. But he had always been a gentleman around her, charming, and funny but one day as she walked by she saw That Look on his face and it was all she could do to keep a normal pace in jellified legs. Did I really see that? Oh fuck. 

The sundress she wore hugged her figure well, cleavage showing proudly thanks to an amazing bra and she let her crazy red hair flow down her shoulders. More than one guy hit on her tonight but she refused politely and served drinks, food, and mingled with friends and co-workers.

The housewarming party wound down to only a few people and as they left her insides knotted up. HE was still here and sitting on her balcony having a smoke. She grabbed two peach teas and headed out. He turned and smiled as she tried to sit casually but failed miserably.

He was very engaging to talk with though, his voice was the perfect timber to relax her a bit and make her laugh at his observations on life but the tight coil of need for this man kept winding tighter, making her lose her breath as she watched his hands gesture, eyes sparkle and full lips speak about things she had only vaguely heard about but made it all fascinating to hear.

She shook her head several times to clear it but nothing helped the one thought that kept circling. Is he a dominant? He paused for a moment then leaned over and kissed her. She gasped at the contact, soft, warm lips against hers made her pulse jack up. His hand slid up her neck to the back of her hair. She whimpered softly, all those pent up feelings rushed forward and she tilted her head to deepen the kiss. He fisted her hair and pulled her back. Asi squeaked at the movement but didn't fight him. She wouldn't have anyways.

"My name." He said softly.

"Vasili." She whispered.

"Louder." He said as his hand tightened. 

"Vasili." She groaned loudly.

"Good." He pulled her to him and kissed her. Hard. His tongue slipped between her lips and she opened willingly, tasting him for the first time. Fuck he tastes so goooooood. She shivered hard, her hands finding their way to his shoulders, kneading warm flesh. He pulled again and stood her up, relaxed his hold on her hair and deepened the kiss. She wrapped one arm around him, the other on his neck. He gripped hair again and pulled her head sideways and took her mouth completely. She whimpered loudly, squirming hard. 

"I'm always respectful of women, and you are the exact body type I love. I want to make you scream my name." He muttered as he pulled her back. She only stared in shock.

"Bedroom?" He asked against her lips. She nodded as she led the way to her tiny bedroom. Unsure of what to do she simply stood as he closed the door and turned to her. It wasn't like to her to be so submissive, but this man had her so wound up, she couldn't even breathe.

Vasili slid his arms around her and lightly kissed her. She whimpered softly at his touch but stilled as his hands slid round and unzipped her dress. He pulled he straps off her shoulders, and let it fall to the floor. She felt exposed but didn't try to hide herself. He reached behind her again and unclasped her bra and pulled it off, making her breasts bounce a bit. That Look came over his face as he palmed both and squeezed. 

"Oh shit," she moaned. Her nipples hardened instantly in his hands as he kneaded them. She watched as he dipped his head and took the left one in his mouth. She whimpered loudly as her hands pushed his head into her breast which made him bite her nipple. "Yesss...please yes!" She whispered into his ear.

He stood, took her jaw firmly making her look into his beautiful brown eyes. "I will and I guarantee you won't be able to walk when I'm done."

Her breath hitched in her throat so she growled her response. 

"Good." He backed her against the wall and pinned her wrists over her head one with hand, dipping down and capturing her right breast with his other hand and sucked the nipple in deep. She groaned loudly, unable to stay still. He pushed a knee between hers, making her spread out. She watched as his hand slid down her body causing her to twitch. She felt teeth bite gently on her nipple and she whimpered loudly. Vasili watched as he pulled on her nipple, his hand sliding over her core softly.

"Oh fuck yesss..." She said loudly as one finger slipped between her lips and pushed in. Vasili released her breast and kissed her. 

"Open your eyes, doll," he said. His beautiful brown eyes were so close she felt as if she was drowning in them and moaned as he slipped another finger in, dipping into her core. Her breath caught as he pushed in and froze as he touched one of the sensitive spots.

"Come for me," he whispered and kissed her deeply. Vasili shoved in deep and pinched that spot with his fingers. Asi groaned into him as her entire being exploded in fire and came on his fingers. He leaned into her, pressing his hips against her and dug his fingers in deeper. Asi stopped breathing as her body came hard, gushing on his hand. 

She swore she heard him growl as his lips left hers and trailed down her cheek to her neck, nuzzling her. He pushed his fingers in deep again and suddenly bit her hard. Asi screamed at the pain but clenched his fingers tight and climaxed violently. The feeling of teeth piercing her skin, his hand shoving into her core was overwhelming and she gushed again. 

Vasili released her neck and faced her. "Mine. Say it."

Pain seared her neck as she had to clear her throat and croak out, "Yours." Asi growled loudly at him as he pulled away from her, the denial making her groan loudly. 

"Don't like being denied? Good. Strip." He commanded. She fell away from the wall but caught herself. Shaky hands slid her panties down and she stood silently, breathing hard.

Vasili stepped back and slowly removed his shoes, socks. Pulled his shirt off and went to unbutton his jeans but looked at her, questioning.

Her mouth watered suddenly thinking of all those wicked masturbation sessions she had dreaming of being able to take his cock down her throat. Oh she knew what he wanted. She kneeled slowly in front of him, lifted shaky hands and popped open the button. She slid the zipper down as she felt his hand slide through her hair. 

"Mmhmm." Was all he said. It hit that little box in her head, ripped it open and her inner slut poured out. She sighed as her hands slid in his waist band and gently pulled the fabric down. His cock bounced against her cheek and she automatically turned to kiss an astoundingly gloriously long thick cock. She felt her core tighten in response. He kicked off the clothing and guided her head with both hands to his hips. She smiled as she wrapped one hand around him, marveling at the feel of how thick he was and wondered if she could fit all that in her mouth. She let her other hand wander over him, resisting the urge to push him to the bed so she could mouth and tongue his entire body. 

She kissed the tip softly and sighed. He tasted so fucking good. She pushed out her tongue and let it roll around the head, moaning at the feel and taste. She sucked him in and rubbed her tongue on the underside.

"Ohhhh fuck..." She heard him say softly. She really wanted to take her time and taste him but intense need took over. She pushed her mouth down till he bumped the back of her throat. He barely fit but she moaned softly around him. He fisted her hair and pushed her down just enough to cut off her air supply. She didn't fight him as let her tongue massage the underside of his cock. He pulled her back just enough to let her breathe and smiled as she looked up. "You really are my dirty fucking girl." 

She shivered visibly at the words and groaned around his cock. Those words undid every wall inside her and she sucked greedily on him. Her hand moved to his sac and she palmed them gently. Vasili groaned and pulled her off him. She whimpered as she watched him sit on the edge of her bed. She kneed herself forward and took him in again. He pulled her hair back into one hand and smiled. "Oh yeah..." He said quietly.

She felt his hand push her down to the base, the tip popped into the back of her throat. She gagged loudly and her brain zapped when she heard,"Mmhmmm..." She pulled back against the force but went deeper and nuzzled her nose against his skin. He smelled heavenly and everything inside her vibrated with pure need. She pulled back and palmed him, running her tongue from the base to the tip. His mmhmmm's made her feel wanton, reckless, and well.. slutty. She lost herself in the taste of him, licking the tip of his cock as she tasted his essence and she growled low in her throat. She wanted to swallow him whole, have his hand shove her down as he unleashed and groaned in the pleasure she was giving him. 

He pulled out of her throat with a pop and Asi gasped in air. "My turn." He whispered as he helped her up on the bed, making her lay face down. She shivered as he pushed her hair off her shoulders and felt his tongue slide across her shoulder to her neck, flicking her ear. She sighed as she felt lips taste her but jerked hard when she felt teeth bite hard on her shoulder. Vasili pinned her down, his hands holding her wrists down, body pushing her into the mattress. He bit harder and she cried out, trying to get away from the pain but so completely turned on at the same time. He pulled his mouth back and licked the tender skin.

"Mine." He growled in her ear as he pushed his cock between her ass cheeks. She shivered in response and pushed her hips up to his. "Say it again."

She had to clear a sore throat but managed to wheeze out, "Yours."

"Good girl." He murmured, moving his legs between hers. He let go of a wrist and palmed his cock at her soaking core. Vasili smiled. "So wet for me. Perfect." He slid the tip of his cock down her slit, teasing her clit. "I want to suck on that later." 

"Y-yes," she stammered, twitching at the feel of his cock teasing her clit, rubbing down her lips and barely enter her. She wiggled to try and push him in but he grabbed her free arm and pulled it behind her.

"Not yet." He pulled the other behind her back, pinning her wrists and slowly pushed his cock inside her. 

"Oh shit!!" She squeaked as he pushed in, making her open for his thickness and pushed till he hit bottom. Her whole body teetering on the edge of coming already.

"Mmhmm," he said as he pulled back and fucked her with the tip of his cock.

Asi lost any thought as her body zeroed in his cock and she felt the first climax grip her. He shoved in hard, making her cry out as she fell over the edge and came hard around him. He pulled back and shoved in hard again, and again. She could feel him struggle a bit because she knew she was tight when she climaxed around cock. 

"Oh fuckkkkk..." Vasili groaned and hammered into her. She felt drops of sweat fall onto her back, body zeroed in on his cock and squeezed it hard as she came repeatedly. She stopped breathing altogether as she rode the climax till he slowed a bit to pace himself.

Asi gasped, desperately pulling in air as he slowed. "You like my big cock, don't you?"

"Yesssssssss..." She breathed out. She heard him chuckle and push in deep. 

Vasili moved and pinned both wrists under one hand, fisting her hair with the other and pulled her head up. "Tighten." Asi gripped his cock in her core. "Tighter. Oh fuck..." She tried again. He pulled her head back a bit more, making her wince. "I said tight. Now," as he shoved in hard. Asi felt herself grip him tight, marveling at how her body can respond to such pleasure/pain. "Good girl." He hammered into her as she clinched him as tight as she could and gushed onto him. Her mind left only sensation, pleasure, pain and that it was Vasili pulling out her inner slut and obviously enjoying himself. He let go of her wrists and hair and pulled out.

"Finish me." Asi scrambled up as best she could and slid her mouth down his cock, bumping against her throat. "Oh yeah." He murmurmed as he stroked her hair. She slid her hands around to his ass and gripped him tight, pulling him against her. She felt him jerk and come hard into her throat. Stars swam in front of her eyes but she didn't let up. She felt him jerk backwards making her release him with a loud wet pop. She swallowed every last drop. 

Vasili leaned down and kissed her softly. A soft thrill went through her as she realized he didn't mind tasting himself on her lips. "Mine," he whispered.

"Yours." She whispered hoarsely. He leaned down and kissed her deeply. Her brain spun in ecstasy. No man had ever kissed her after she swallowed.

"We're not done yet," he whispered after he broke the kiss and pushed her back on the bed. Oh this man will be her undoing and she wanted him so fiercely she laid back and spread herself open immediately. "Perfect," he growled as he moved between her thighs and slid one finger between swollen wet lips.

"Say it." He commanded.

"Yours." She whispered and shivered as he took control and pushed her past any limits she had. Perfect was the only thing that came to mind. 

To be continued...