 They met on an Internet personal matching service. He responded to her profile and after the typical fits and starts of introducing themselves, they e-mailed back and forth on a regular basis. 

Their e-mails rapidly became sexual in nature, interspersed with “Do you really like that kind of thing?” discussions, and their comfort level increased daily. It got to the point where checking for mail from one another was the first thing each did in the morning and the last thing they did at night.

They lived quite a distance apart, far enough that there was not much of a chance of them meeting. To be truthful, the anonymity of the Internet combined with the distance actually encouraged them to be a little more candid about their desires than they would normally have been. It was as if, “Why not? We’ll never meet.”

Then one day, things changed dramatically. He mentioned in an e-mail that he was going on a business trip, would be staying overnight in her city, and wanted to meet her in person. 

Her response was one of cautious approach-avoidance. She was interested, was surprisingly circumspect about meeting. Sex talk via Internet chat and meeting in person were two entirely different animals.

Finally, he suggested that they meet at a local restaurant for drinks and dinner. No strings, and no commitments other than he would buy dinner. After some thought, she agreed and they set the date, time and location.

Remarkably, they arrived in the parking lot of the restaurant at the same time and recognized each other at first sight. Both had been quite accurate in their physical descriptions and the attraction that had started by e-mail began to grow. 

Because she had read so many of his fantasies, she had been careful to dress in a short skirt, thigh high hose and heels that showed her legs to their best advantage. She had on a silky blouse that revealed the patterned bra underneath. He was dressed in khakis and a cotton denim shirt and mentioned that she had out-dressed him. She could tell however, by the way his eyes followed the curves of her body, that he was very pleased with her choice of clothing.

She was flattered when he handed her a single rose. It was a corny gesture, but a sweet one nonetheless. In another corny gesture, he held his arm out and she draped hers over it as they walked inside and ordered drinks, then had a slow dinner.

Throughout dinner they chatted, both talking in animated fashion about their jobs and interests. On occasion she would rest her hand on his arm as she made a point, or he would excitedly grasp her hand as he explained something that he enjoyed. As they finished dinner, warm from the effect of the cocktails, the conversation waned and they looked at each other.

Reaching over and laying his hand on hers, he said, “I've had a great time. It was nice to finally meet you.”

“Me too,” she responded looking into his eyes. “I really didn’t know what to expect, but it has been fun.”

“Too bad it has to end,” he said turning her hand over and stroking her palm with his index finger.

“Does it?” she said, looking at him with one eyebrow raised.

“Well,” he said smiling “When we decided to meet we did agree to limit it to chat. We can’t sit here all night and talk.”

“You have a motel room don't you?” she said smiling and dropping her hand to stroke the top of his thigh. “Couldn’t we continue our conversation there?”

“If you insist,” he said, a grin spreading across his face.

He paid the bill and they went to their cars. It was a short drive to the motel and soon they were in his room.

As soon as he closed the door she turned and faced him. He walked over to her and she stepped into his arms. She could feel the strength of his arms and shoulders as he pulled her to him. 

She shivered as he bent and lightly kissed her neck, his tongue barely touching the warmth of her flesh. Slowly he worked his way up until their lips met and they kissed in earnest. She sighed as she felt his hands slip under the hem of her skirt and cup the cheeks of her ass. She could feel the beginnings of his erection as he pulled her hips to press against his.

They stood embracing until he stepped back and began to unbutton her blouse. He worked very slowly, kissing each inch of flesh as it became visible. Soon her blouse was on the bed and her bra followed in just seconds. Still standing he pulled and held her hips against his erection and holding her hips began kissing his way from her lips, down her neck to her erect nipples.

“N-n-n-g-g-g,” she whined as he sucked her left nipple into the heat of his mouth.

“Like that?” he questioned grinning at her.

“Oh, god yes,” she whispered as he moved to the other nipple.

After a minute or so he looked up from her breast and said, “I have something for you. Something you have always wanted.”

Puzzled, she looked around the room and said, “What?”

“Well, it’s a surprise,” he said with a grin. “So I am going to blindfold you while I get it out.”

“I-I don’t know,” she stammered glancing about again. “This is kind of strange.”

“Hey,” he said “Trust me. I promise it will be fun.”

“Well, o-okay,” she said, still unsure.

He walked over to his suitcase, opened it and took out a piece of black fabric.

“Here we go,” he said and he stepped behind her and gently tied the blindfold in place.

She reached her hands out for balance and he was there. Holding her by the waist, he began kissing her again, that same slow progress down her neck, then over each nipple then even further down until his tongue swirled in her navel. Her breathing quickened as she relaxed and let the sensations wash over her.

His kissing and licking slowed and he finally said, “Okay, time for your surprise, let me walk you over here.”

She shuffled in her high heels as he led her a few steps across the room.

“Sit here for a minute,” he said. He helped her sit on the end of the bed, then she felt him move away then heard him rustling in his suitcase again.

She heard his steps approaching and then he grasped her hands and said, “Okay, stand up and walk with me.”

Three steps and then she felt his hands pulling her hands down.

“Lean over,” he said and as she did she felt the palms of her hands meet what appeared to be the wooden arms of a chair.

“Grab the chair arms,” he said and she did as he said. She was leaning over from the waist gripping the arms of the chair.

“Now wait,” he said and let her go.

There was a pause and then she felt something around her wrist and her heart started racing. He was tying her wrists to the chair! Oh, god! He had remembered her fantasy about being bound and had planned it for her.

Soon both wrists were bound, but he didn’t stop there. Before she could recover from the excitement of having her hands bound, she felt him tying one ankle to what appeared to be some type of bar.

After he tied the one ankle he tapped the inside of the knee on her free leg and aid, “Spread 'em.”

She inched her foot over but he wasn't satisfied.

“More than that,” he said as he moved her foot over until her legs were spread quite apart. In a matter of seconds she was completely tied and 

helpless.

He didn’t waste time. She felt him standing behind her and his warm hands ran across her back, stroking lightly, massaging until her muscles began to relax. Standing so close that she could feel his erection pressing into her ass, he reached around and cupped her breasts in his hands.

“U-n-n-h-h-h,” she groaned as he teased the nipples between his fingers, lightly pinching them into erection.

“W-h-h-o-o-o,” she gasped as he licked around the back of her neck and then sucked her nipples into his mouth yet again.

Suddenly he stopped again and stepped away. Being blindfolded was disorienting to her and she froze, trying to hear where he was. Suddenly, she felt his fingers graze the insides of her thigh. Barely brushing the tender flesh he ran his fingers up the hem of her panties then down the other leg.

As his fingers approached the now wet gusset of her panties she would hiss in expectation, only to groan in disappointment as he withdrew them before they reached her satin covered pussy.

He lifted her skirt and tucked the hem into the waistband so it wouldn’t fall.

Then, changing his mind, he said, “I want your skirt off. I’m going to untie one leg and get your skirt off.”

“O-okay,” she panted. “What about my panties?”

“Oh no,” he said laughing “They stay on.”

He untied he left ankle and slid her skirt off.

“B-but why?” she whined in disappointment.

“Because I said so, and you're tied up and can’t do anything about it,” He whispered in her ear as his hand ran inside her panties and caressed the smooth skin of her ass. 

She groaned again as his fingers approached but didn’t quite touch her wet center.

“Oh my, look at you,” he whispered as his hands stroked the inside of her thighs.

“You said you liked oral didn't you?” as for the first time his fingers barely grazed the wet crotch of her panties.

“W-h-h-o-o-o-o, a-h-h-h g-god, yes-s-s-s. I love it!” she gasped as she bucked her hips back seeking more contact.

“Oh, p-p-please,” she gasped. “Please touch it more!”

But he moved his hand away and stroking the insides of her thighs said, “Ah, ah, ah. Not too fast. We want this to last, don't we?”

Then he lightly stroked her crotch again, a little firmer, feeling the lips of her pussy sheathed in slick, wet satin.

“O-h-h-h, n-n-n-o! Uh, I mean y-yes!” she gasped as his finger twirled her clit through the satin.

“A-a-h-h-h!” she gasped. “Oh, yes, please!”

“But you have your panties on,” he chuckled, running one finger up under the hem of her panties and slipping it between the lips of her pussy. “What should I do about that?”

“Oh-wah! O-h-h-h, p-p-please, Please do me. Wh-o-o-o-o! Oh hurry!” she babbled as his finger slipped back and forth barely grazing the surface of her burgeoning pussy lips and lightly nudging the erect nub of her clit.

Again, to her dismay, he stopped and stepped away. Then she felt cold metal against the skin, a knife, at her hip. There was a pull and then the waistband on her panties parted. In a second the other side was cut and she stood completely nude in heels and hose as her panties fell in a damp heap between her wide-spread ankles.

Slowly he stroked her bare bottom, soothing and teasing at the same time. Then she felt his tongue at the base of her ass cheeks and thrust her hips back to give him the access he sought. He was slow, but thorough, licking his way around, then between her nether lips.

“N-n-n-g-g-g, w-h-h-o-o-o!” she gritted and groaned as his tongue swiped across her clit, and in seconds she was pulling against her bindings as her orgasm washed over her.

He didn't stop with one and soon she was gasping and straining as the second then third crashed through her body. Her arms and legs ached from being tied, yet she wanted more. He was only too willing to oblige her.

Stepping away from her he stripped off his clothing. Resisting the temptation to ride bareback and not wishing to break the mood with such a discussion, he paused to roll a condom over his erection and then knelt and untied her ankles. 

Grasping her hips, he stepped between her legs and she gasped in pleasure as she felt the head of his penis brush her thigh and then nestle at the opening of her lips.

“What about?” she gasped as the head slipped between her lips.

“Hush,” he whispered. “It's safe.”

She relaxed noticeably, but only for a second then gasped and groaned as he pushed his erection into her until she felt his pubic hair press into her ass.

“Oh, god!” she gasped as he paused then slowly withdrew, only to start another stroke in. He continued moving in and out slowly at first then faster until her ass was slapping against his hips with every stroke and his balls were crashing against her clit over and over. 

Soon she was in what seemed to be a single extended orgasm and it went for what seemed to be forever. Just when she thought she could stand no longer, she noticed his breathing increase and his stroking become shorter and quicker.

“Uh, oh baby,” he gritted through clenched teeth, “Here it comes!”

“N-n-n-g-g-g-g! Oh p-p-please, y-y-es, give it to me!” she grunted between strokes as her last orgasm rocketed up her spine.

“Uh, uh, uh, oh god! Uh!” he grunted as he stroked into her one last time and held her close as he unloaded his balls.

Gasping for breath he bent over her…Cupping her breasts he held her close, then lightly twisted the flinty nubs until she shuddered in one final orgasm. 

As their breathing returned to normal, he untied her wrists and removed her blindfold. He walked her to the bed and with one hand stripped the covers back. They crawled in and he held her close.