 Author's note: 1. This is my first story submitted. I wrote it for my wife, It is a fantasy scene that my wife and I have enjoyed talking about.

2. Warning! I know many are adverse to first/second error point of view, but that is how the story is written. That is how my wife likes it, and she's the one with whom I play.

*****

You're tied up. You are naked. You are blindfolded. You lie flat on the bed with only a small pillow under your head. Your wrists and ankles are bound to each corner of the bed. There is nothing covering you, and only a bare sheet is below you. Your spread-eagle body is tense with anticipation.

I eye your body from head to toe, taking in the beauty. I know every inch of your body-every curve, every turn...but still I look in amazement and see a new sexiness everytime. The room is slightly cool, and the waiting has stiffened your nipples. I admire the rock-hard points. My eyes run down between your legs. Your lips are slightly parted, and just a glint of wetness shows. I follow the view down your legs to your bright red toes. I Imagine putting each, one at a time, between my lips and sucking them. My eyes move back up, past your bound ankles, your thighs, and back up to your full pert breasts.

My mental appreciation of your body gives way to the intense physical need to finally touch you. My hand goes to your neck where I firmly but softly lift your head and caress the back of your neck. I move my hand from behind you, across the front of your throat and to the opposite side. As I move my hand back to your chest, I lean and kiss your neck...I nuzzle; I bite; I kiss; I suck...all around your neck. You begin involuntarily wiggling beneath me. 

My hand moves down your chest straight to your awakening slit. The slight throbbing in your clit intensifies as I rub the tip of my finger over it. I move my whole hand to your opening wetness, moving my fingers across, up and down, around...slipping the tips of two, then three fingers into you. I spread you wide with my fingers while my lips move down your neck to your breasts. Each one is so firm, each nipple still stiff both from the chill and the excitement. I suck each one softly, my right hand still playing with your slowly thrusting pussy. My left hand reaches up and gently pulls your hair back, exposing your neck. I move my mouth away from your breasts, and I give you a quick but rough bite to the neck before returning to continue sucking your nipples. My sucking increases as I lock your right nipple between my lips and pull back, stretching your breasts before slipping out of my mouth with a sloppy pop. My right hand moves to your right breast as I continue sucking and nibbling your left. I grab it roughly, squeezing and massaging it. I lean back and take one in each hand, filling my hands with your sexy tits. 

I move my way back down your body and legs and release the straps that are around your ankles from the bed frame below it. I adjust the straps, pulling them up toward your hands and leaving your legs spread wide, in the air, and bent at the knees. I place a pillow under your ass, leaving you exposed, both holes, to whatever I choose to do. I step back to take in this special view...my best friend, my beautiful wife and partner, so sexually vulnerable to me. 

The click and hum of the vibrator send a tingle to your clit. I drip warm oil onto your smoothness and begin to rub it in. I move the vibrator closer and you sense it. I tease you with it, barely touching your sensitive skin. I explore around your slick pussy with the vibrator while gently pushing into your other opening. With just the tip of my finger in, I slide the vibrator up to slightly move over your clit. You jump, your pelvis increasing its thrusting, wanting to cum, wanting to be fucked...suddenly I stop and the humming goes silent. You sense I am away from the bed...you hear the doorknob on the French door turn...

You wonder where I am and what I'm doing. You conjure up images of me preparing the porch for more fun, maybe tying your arms above your head with you standing while I have my way with you, maybe preparing the porch floor for you to kneel on while I force myself into your mouth...

You hear the door close and become confused. You feel me move back down between your legs; you hear the click and hum again. You want to reach down and touch me, but you are still bound. I work the vibrating head around you again as I slip a thick dildo into you. It fills you; you feel yourself squeeze around it. It moves in and out slowly but rhythmically. I begin the workup again, staying away from direct contact with your clit. I leave the dildo, now also vibrating, deep inside you and reach up to caress your right breast. You are overwhelmed with the sensations. I remove my hand and begin to fuck you with the thick dick again. I stop and leave it inside you...

You welcome the firm grip this time on your left breast. The fucking resumes, a little harder this time. Your breathing intensifies, your body engulfed with heat as you realize that more than just my two hands are on you. You try to figure it out, even consider stopping it, but the feelings and thoughts are overwhelming: "who is he? what can he see? Did he see my spread pussy? Is his dick out?" These naughty thoughts fly through your mind before I begin circling closer and closer to your clit. The hand on your breast suddenly becomes two hands engulfing your body, running over your breasts, your neck, down the inside of your thighs, up your sexy calves and feet that dangle in the air, still pulled back, exposing you to our lusts. 

You give in and feel the sensations of being ravaged. The orgasm builds quickly and strongly, your pussy clamps around the dildo. I quickly pull it out as you continue to cum. As it falls out, sweet and musky juices flow out of your contracting pussy and over your crack, the hands still kneading your breasts, pinching your nipples until you lie still, exhausted in pleasure.