 My wife, Linda, and I had a very normal boring marriage for over 20 years. Neither of us are "hotties", just normal people who took sex for granted. My wife is about 5 foot 9 inches and just north of 160 pounds with a 36 b bra size. I am not a man blessed with a massive cock. I am 6 foot 4 inches about 220 pounds and a "normal" 6 and ½ inch penis. For over 20 our sex life was boring and not very frequent. Once every couple of months we would end up in bed at night and she would close her eyes, lie on her back and let me cum in her. My sex life was mostly taking matters into my own hands. 

Fortunately, we met a couple at a resort that changed our lives forever. Needless to say, having sex with others is now a staple of our sex life. My wife has learned that sex can be fun and now she wants to fuck because she wants to not because she has to. Naturally, I have no problems enjoying myself or especially, watching my wife enjoy herself. Over the past 12 years, we have learned about ourselves and our wants and desires. I know that 20 years ago, I would never have guessed that in our early 50s, my wife would at times have her head buried in another woman's pussy while another man was busy fucking her pussy. You can't believe how hard you can get and how exciting it is to see the woman you love enjoying herself. 

For years before we began our sexual journey, I spent many hours masturbating thinking about her sister in law, Margie. This sexy, plus size woman has been married to my wife's brother for over 25 years. She has a very warped sense of humor and always seemed to be a bit of a tease. I had longed to have her mouth wrapped around my cock for years but of course had never said anything to anyone while I played with her boobs. We were able to spend time at the lake with them and I nearly came just from seeing her in a bathing suit. Her boobs were enormous compared to my wife's 36b set. I would imagine they had to be at least 40dd, but who knows. I just know I wanted to see, touch and play with them!

It was my wonderful wife that provided me with the opportunity to actually enjoy Margie's body and try to please her! My wife and Margie had been having coffee at our house about 3 months ago. My wife asked her to help make our bed after the sheets had been laundered. While making the bed, Margie found one of Linda's favorite dildos. It was about 18 inches long, fairly thick, black and double headed. Obviously, it was meant for two people to enjoy. My wife told me that Margie just held it in her hand and looked at my wife with a dumb, sexy look on her face. My wife turned 10 shades of red in embarrassment and did not know what to say. Margie finally asked her if she really used this thing. Linda told her she did. One question led to another and my wife admitted that we had been into swinging for over 12 years and that the sex was better than anything she could imagine! Margie asked if she actually shared the dildo with other women and my wife told her she had been with women for about 2 years and it was wonderful. Margie said she did not think she could do that but desired a good hard cock.

Margie told my wife that her love life was minimal. Her husband, Linida's brother, was more into work and seemed to have lost all interest in anything other than the office. She had wondered if he was having an affair but had ruled that out. She told my wife that she too ended up masturbating almost daily to relieve her sexual needs and often thought about me fucking her!!!

My wife could not believe her ears since Margie had never given any sign of any interest in me. When my wife told me later that night about their conversation, my cock immediately got harder than it had been in months! Linda asked me bluntly if I had any interest in fucking Margie. I blushed and smiled and nodded. My wonderful wife said that if I wanted to try, she would ask if Margie would be interested in spending some time with us. I knew exactly what she meant. Linda then told me that since she had learned how much she enjoyed women, she had fantasized about being with Margie and sucking her large breasts. I could not believe my ears and we both ended up laughing and Linda picked up the phone and called Margie right then and there. 

I only heard one side of the conversation but it was short and sweet. My lovely wife asked Margie, do you want to come over and fuck my husband right now? My wife listened and laughed. She said that she could run some errands if she had to. Linda laughed again and put the phone down. She got her purse and I looked at her with a quizzical face and she told me to have fun. I asked if Margie was coming over and she said wait and see!

I did not have any idea what to do. I was hard as a rock. My cock was so hard it hurt. I was already wetting myself with pre-cum! It was over 20 minutes later and I had not heard the doorbell ring. I thought she had chickened out and was resigning myself to another session with myself. Then the chimes rang and I ran to the door. I could not believe the way Margie looked. She was just in her everyday sweats and looked hotter than hell. She was very flushed and stammered that she did not know what she was doing. She had driven around our block for several minutes trying to work up the courage to either stop and ring our doorbell or go home and call my wife and tell her she could not go through with it. I asked her go through with what? 

She smiled and said bluntly, fucking you! I almost came right there and pulled her to me and kissed her hard. I could not believe that my tongue was pressing deep into her mouth and I felt my hard cock press against the fullness of her stomach and pussy. She asked if I was always that hard. I pulled her into the house and asked her if she was sure what she wanted to do. She smiled and just nodded and began to kiss me again. 

I began to rub grab her huge tits, mashing them and feeling her nipples harden under the material of the sweat shirt and her bra. They were hardening with each movement I made. They were very hard and the nipples were getting larger than I could even imagine. She moaned slightly as I pulled up her top and began to maul her massive boobs with my hands, finally running my fingers under her bra material. Twisting the nipples with my thumb and forefinger, breaking loose from the kiss, I looked at them, hard and red and very excited. I pulled her to our couch, and she pulled off her top and let her tits flop free, I told her they were magnificent. She looked up at me and smiled wantonly. 

I pulled off my shirt and unzipped my pants. I left my boxers on with my cock pressing against the material and sat next to Margie on the couch. She was nude from the waist up and I was totally excited seeing her nipples continue to harden and grow. I could see her staring at my cock now standing free from my shorts. I whispered to her that she had done this to me. She reached out and wrapped her hand around it and began to stroke it. I reached over and again was twisting her nipples as hard as I could. 

She was moaning as I reached into her sweat pants and found a very wet pair of white cotton panties. I ran my fingers on the material feeling her soaked pussy, feeling her lips for the first time with my fingers. I have never felt any woman so wet and with pussy lips so ready to be used and abused. I felt for her clit and found it fully extended and touched it gently. As soon as I touched her clit, she jumped and moaned out loud, letting go of my cock and laying back. Her body stiffened as I continued to rub circles around her clit. I did not want her to cum yet so I pulled back and pulled off her sweat pants and panties. She lifted her ass to let me remove them and I asked what she really wanted. She reached out and grabbed my cock again and said I want this in me.

We did not engage in much foreplay. She rubbed my cock against her wet slit. I pressed my cock forward, and she spread her legs wide open. This was not a case of two people making love, this was lustful sex. She wanted my cock buried in her and I wanted to fuck her. My cock touched her pussy lips and she lifted her body to make my cock enter her. I pushed forward hard. I sank deep into her body and she cried out for me to fuck her. She was so wet that I slid all the way in with a quick stroke. Her vaginal walls were slick with her wetness and massaged my prick as I enjoyed the sensation of her pubic bone rubbing against mine. She reached around and pulled my ass closer, her fingers teasing my puckered ass hole. 

I began to fuck her hard and fast. I felt her body respond, feeling her soft mound press against my stomach above my cock. I could not believe how good she felt. I was just fucking her and massaging her two huge tits. Her eyes were closed and her mouth was open. I felt her body twist and spasm. Her legs were wrapped around me as I picked up the speed which I moved in and out of her. I was not trying to please her, I just wanted to get as much of my cum in her as I could. This is what sex should be, two people simply looking to cum. I was giving her what she needed and wanted. I was getting what I wanted and I thought of nothing but the feeling her pussy was giving my cock. 

I did not ask if I could cum in her, I knew I was going to. This woman that I had spent years thinking of while jacking off was letting me fuck her and seeming to enjoy it. That was all that mattered to me. She was saying fuck me, fuck me, fuck me louder and with more desire as I was reaching my climax. I continued to slam her body harder and harder. I had not enjoyed a woman like this for a very long time. 

I knew I was going to cum quickly and I did not care. I had waited to long and her pussy felt too good. I felt the sperm welling deep in my balls and pushed her down under my body on the couch. I rammed deep into her one last time as I erupted. Shot after hot shot of my cum exploded deep into her body. She pulled me closer to her and pressed her body into mine. She kept holding me as I finished. I pulled back and saw my sperm dripping from her onto the couch as she began to rub her clit. She came again and again as I kept twisting her nipples and watching her furiously rub her enlarged clit. Finally she stopped, and looked at me with total contentment. 

It had only been about 15 minutes from the time she had arrived as she lay back totally spent with a pool of my sperm under her ass on our couch. She smiled at me and asked if she had been what I had expected. I told her she was a great fuck. I asked how she felt and she told me she did not know sex could be so exciting anymore. I did not want her to leave but she said she must. I was hard again and wanted more. She slowly sat up and pulled on her clothes. She said she had not told her husband she was leaving and had to get back. She would enjoy having a pussy full of cum as she walked in the door. 

Margie stood up and pulled up her sweat pants leaving me her soaked panties. She asked me if this was a one time deal and I told her that I hoped not. I told her that I would love to fuck her again. I winked and told her Linda might want to join us. Margie giggled and said she was not sure that would happen but who knows. She walked out the door and looked back and said she would love to play with me again if I was interested. We have if anyone is interested.