 ** Please feel free to leave comments about this story. Your comments will help me to write better stories in the future. Enjoy this one, it is short and to the point. **

Using soft and gentle caresses, he moved slowly up and down her voluptuous body. He was teasing her with his lips and tongue. He did not want to move to quickly, drawing out the pleasure so that she would have several orgasms before blasting his own tormented load of hot, sweet cum. He slowly moved his way down her sexy body. He wanted to kiss, lick and nibble every square inch of her. It was driving her crazy with passion. 

He was playing with her beautiful breasts and nipples. Her nipples were as hard as pebbles from all the attention they were receiving. He would flick her nipples with the tip of his tongue, and then suck them into his mouth. He gently nibbled around her nipples bringing goose bumps to the surface. She grabbed his head and tried to get him to pay attention to her pussy, but he quietly refused. Told her that he wants to make her cum just from the attention he was giving to her breasts. With a slight smile, he continued his efforts on her breasts. When he knew she was close, he flicked her clit with his thumb, soft and tender at first, then with more pressure as she started cumming. She was screaming in passion as she came. 

He stopped long enough to allow her to catch her breath, and then he slid down her body, spreading her legs so he could look at her pussy. He saw the cum dripping out of her pussy and was beside himself not to bury his face there and lick and suck all of her sweet juice from her pussy. He gently kissed her clit and then decided to torture her some more by kissing and nibbling on her thighs, getting close to her pussy lips, only to move away. When he had her moaning again from the passion of the moment, he quickly dove in using his tongue to flick her clit and open her lips so he could get to the sweet nectar flowing out of her pussy and down her ass. 

He worked magic with his tongue up and down the outside of her pussy. He would flick her clit and then drive his tongue deep inside. She was rocking her hips, wanting him to go faster but he would not. He decided to do something different than he had before. He grabbed her legs, pushed them up, and licked gently around her asshole, getting all of her sweet nectar that had run down it. He gently rubbed his tongue on her tight little asshole and she moaned. Her tight asshole quivered under his ministrations. He went back to fucking her hot tight pussy with his tongue. She rocked her hips in time with his deep plunges, while he rubbed her clit with his finger. She came so hard this time that she shot cum all over his face. He smiled and began to lick her nectar from his face, and then began to lick her clit again. She moaned repeatedly while he licked her clit and pussy.

While he was licking her clit and pussy, he began to rub her asshole with his thumb; her asshole opened a little allowing him to put the tip of his thumb inside. She began to moan and move her hips, but he had another idea. He made her roll over onto her stomach, putting pillows under her hips to allow him to better see what he was doing. Once she was propped up the way he wanted, he began to lick her asshole again. She started moaning almost as soon as his tongue touched her asshole. He pushed his tongue deeper into it and she relaxed even more. When he had her quite open with his tongue, he shoved three of his fingers into her pussy and finger fucked her pussy while tongue fucking her ass. She screamed out in complete ecstasy and came repeatedly on his fingers and tongue.

When she had caught her breath again, he came up behind her, grabbed her hips, and rammed his cock deep into her tight pussy. He moved his cock in and out slowly at first, building up the rhythm while he slowly inserted a finger into her ass. She quivered in pleasure from the fucking that she was getting, moaning and screaming when he thrust his cock and finger deeply into her body. He kept thrusting in and out until she orgasmed again before finally releasing his hot and steaming cum into her throbbing pussy while fingering her ass.