 My whole body was tense, from the tips of my toes to the tips of my fingers and all the way through the tips of the hairs on my head. It had been four days since I had relieved myself sexually and I thought that if I didn’t get a chance soon I would probably explode. The hotel door opened and my boyfriend slipped through, something in his eyes glimmering in the way I imagined my own were, and I’m afraid that I pounced on him.

“Oh my god,” I whimpered, pulling on his shirt and dragging him towards the bed. “I think that I’m going to go crazy, here!”

David’s hands grabbed me and pulled me close to him, his lips finding mine and capturing my mouth in a deep kiss.

“Cindy,” he whispered against me, his arms crushing my breasts against him. “My mom’s going to come up any minute.”

My eyes wandered towards the door, towards the knob that at any second could turn and allow my boyfriend’s mother to enter the room. Looking back at David I sighed deeply and pushed away, falling back onto the bed with a dramatic sigh. My body was on fire, my insides twisting and turning with burning heat that only he, or another man, or maybe a woman, or perhaps my hand or my dildo…that only he could satisfy! I thirsted for him, for his cock deep inside me, his mouth on my breasts and his hands on my bottom, thrusting deeper and deeper until I exploded! 

What would the harm be if his mother came in? She’d see us having sex. David and I had been living together for three years. His mother had to know we were having sex, or at least suspect it. After all, the two of us were living, breathing, youths. He was twenty-three, far past being a virgin, and I was twenty. With a body like mine who would doubt my virginity in this day and age? Maybe his mother…

The bed jiggled as my boyfriend fell down beside me, his arms seeking my body and pulling me towards him again. 

“Let’s have sex,” David said, throatily, into my ear. I shook my head and tried to turn away, my body twisting in his arms. Instead of letting me go he pulled me closer, his arms locked around me tightly. I could feel his cock pushing against the back of my leg, the hard staff rubbing softly as his lips caressed my neck. “Let’s just do it,” he said again, lust in his voice.

“David,” I moaned, reaching around my back and touching his cock. The stiff member seemed to jump at my touch, pushing against my hand as I rubbed it softly. I knew that David was in just as much physical anguish as I was, and there was nothing I wanted more than to relieve him of the stress.

“No, no,” he argued. Ignoring his protests I rubbed him through his pants, my fingers wrapping around him and tugging him towards my body. I split my legs and threw one over his waist, straddling him backwards, and rubbed my jean-covered slit on his own blocked staff.

“Why did I ever agree to this?” I said, mostly to myself, my eyes rolling towards the back of my head. It had been weeks ago when I got the call from David’s mother asking if it would be all right with us if the whole family shared the same hotel room. David’s mother and me sleeping in one bed; David and his brother in the other. Not two feet away from the woman who may some day be my future mother-in-law, I felt a bit awkward thinking about sex at night, and instead of satisfying the thirst for sex I was feeling I lay there as stiff as a brick, my eyes shut tight, struggling to get to sleep before I disgraced myself somehow.

“We’ll be home soon,” David said into my ear, his whisper less controlled now as he pushed himself towards my pants, rubbing against me and causing me to moan with a frustrated pleasure. “We’ll be home and then we won’t have to worry about this.”

The sound of his voice in my ear along with the warmth of his breath on my face as he said it caused my body to tense again. I needed it now, and I didn’t care what the risks were.

“Fuck me,” I said, my voice deep and guttural, twisting my head to press my lips against his. He eagerly kissed me, his tongue almost plunging into my mouth as I moaned against his body. My hips began to rise and fall in the motions of sex, my slit rubbing against his hard cock.

Groaning against me David shook his head again, his lips reluctantly parting from mine with a slick jerky motion. He twisted his face away and dropped his arms from around my body, shifting his hips so that he was no longer underneath me. Shutting my eyes tight I struggled to regain my normal composure, struggling to cool down my face and keep my breathing even.

“I’m sorry Cindy,” David apologized, his voice heavy with a combination of lust and regret. “I just don’t want my mom to see…know what I mean?”

“Yeah,” I said, still concentrating on the breaths of air entering and departing from my system. Slowly I was coming down from the peak of ecstasy, the point where my body would take control and my mind would be completely set aside. I didn’t want Linda to see us any more than David did, but there were some risks that I thought I was willing to take.

I turned over to my side, spooning David’s large body, and wrapped my leg over his hip again. Playing gently with his cock, still rock hard, with my bare foot, I leaned over and whispered in to his ear.

“We could go in the bathroom,” I suggested, trying to make my voice seductive. I was afraid that with the level of my need at that point there would be no seduction, only an eager, begging tone. It seemed to work, though, because David groaned again, struggling to remain stiff underneath my leg and not succumb to my pleading.

“Cindy,” he whimpered, his body relaxing slightly. I took this moment of weakness in hand and reached over his body with my arm, grasping for his hard cock and toying with it slightly. The thickness in my hand made my body ache even more for him, and I rubbed my crotch against his leg.

“Come on,” I whispered, nudging him slightly. With seeming reluctance David rolled over, off the bed, and put his feet on the floor. I let him roll out of my grasp and watched him as he walked slowly towards the bathroom, stepping over my suitcase as he went. 

This would be it; the moment I’d been waiting for for nearly a week was at hand. Scurrying off the bed I chased after him in almost a comical way. In my mind I was like a dog, panting with my tongue half hanging out of my mouth, running over to my master to hump his leg. 

David disappeared into the bathroom and I followed, shutting the door behind me and grinning up at him.

His face was tilted downwards, his lips not quite smiling but parted instead, almost panting at the sight of me. I blushed and lifted my hands up to his chest, taking the buttons of his shirt in my fingers and fumbling with them while my body seemed to tingle. As the light tan skin was exposed I licked my lips, grinning up at him again before looking at the tiny hairs in front of my face. Leaning in I took his nipple in my mouth and toyed with it lightly with my tongue, rolling the hard tiny nub in my mouth and sucking on it lightly.

Groaning, David reached down and put his hands on my head. Slowly he pushed my head lower. I kissed each bit of flesh I was exposing on the way, my hands still busy with the buttons as I moved down the shirt towards the waist of his jeans. The bulge of his cock was pushing hard against the fabric, the shape of it all too evident, as I looked straight at it. 

“Cindy,” David sighed, leaning himself back against the wall. I lowered myself to my knees, my eyes locked on the outline of David’s cock. 

“Just relax, baby. I need this as badly as you do.”

With quick movements, before he could push me away, I pulled the zipper down. His erection popped out of the fly, the flesh pulsing with longing as my eyes remained locked to it. I licked my lips in anticipation and looked up at David with hunger in my eyes.

“Oh, god,” he whispered, closing his eyes and throwing his head back. His hands gripped my shoulders for balance, and I hadn’t even touched it yet.

Moving my head closer to him, I pushed my lips against the hot head. His skin seemed to come alive underneath me, the hard staff of his cock twitching in anticipation. Slowly I moved my lips along its length, relishing the slick feel of the foreskin. David groaned above me, his hips gyrating slowly, his cock pushing its way into my mouth. Snickering quietly, I took him in my mouth, sucking him deep down in one fluid motion.

David’s hands groped at my shoulders, gripping me tight, his hips grinding into my face. I choked a bit and pulled off his cock, but his whimper made me push down again right afterwards. This contact didn’t help my arousal, which was burning a hole in my jeans. Pushing my own needs aside, I sucked eagerly on his cock, opening my mouth and throat to it. His appreciation was audible.

“Oh, God, Cindy,” he groaned, his hips moving frantically in front of my face. I cupped his bottom through his jeans with my hands, fingers digging into the fabric to try to steady him. He groaned again and I pulled off his cock, panting, looking up at him.

“Fuck me, please, David,” I whimpered. My crotch was a burning center of lava, hot liquid pouring out of it and soiling my pants. I needed him badly, needed that cock of his buried deep inside me. All I could think about was the dark staff of flesh in front of my face. “Please,” I begged, licking his cock hard with my tongue.

David didn’t need to think twice about it. Bending down, he grabbed me by the arms and pulled me to my feet, pulling me to his face and plunging his tongue deep inside my hot mouth. His passion filled me with heat, and I wrapped my body around his. The stiff fabric covering my crotch dug into me as I thrust my pussy against his leg, grinding it hard to stimulate my swollen clit. David growled into my mouth and broke the kiss, spinning me around so fast I only saw a blur.

“Bend over, baby,” he whispered hoarsely, and I didn’t have time to consider before I bent over and steadied myself on the edge of the bathtub. Not that I would have decided against it.

David’s big hands reached in front of me and unbuttoned my jeans, his large fingers clumsily fumbling with my zipper and finally yanking my pants and underwear both down to my knees. Bending over, this forced my legs together a bit, but I pushed my ass out anyway, inviting him into my warm flesh.

Hands gripping my hips, David pulled me back towards him. I felt a stab of pleasure flow through my body at the initial thrust, my pussy filled with his hard flesh as he drove himself inside me. Grunting loudly, he pulled out and thrust again, fucking me with all the strength he possessed.

Held captive by my jeans, my movement was disabled. I managed to push my hips back towards him, helping him bury his cock inside my womb, filling me completely to the point that I thought I would explode. Pleasure was pulsing through me with every quickened breath I took, centering in my cunt. Our movements weren’t graceful, but were very passionate. I could feel my orgasm approaching, my peak close at hand. David’s was too; I could tell by the fluidity of his thrusts, the jerky way he pulled me back by my hips, his grip so hard it almost hurt.

With a quake of pleasure and a clenching of muscles, I came around him, tightening around the hard staff inside me. David gasped behind me, pumping in hard, and I felt his seed flowing inside. Shivering against each other, we climaxed as one, and slowly came down from our peak of passion.

“Oh, God,” he groaned, pulling out of me with a slick sound. 

Shivering, I straightened up, all the muscles in my body tight and happy at the same time.

“That was great,” I moaned, moving forward to lean against his body for strength. He wrapped his arms around me, pulling me against his half clothed body. His cock looked almost comical, half flaccid, hanging out of the fly of his jeans. He saw my smile and tweaked my nose. “I really needed that.”

“Me too.”

We heard the door to the hotel room open and close. Worried, I looked at him.

“How are we going to explain this one?”