 I see you every week on this bus, and have wanted to approach you for a long time. But I don't, because the only reason I'm interested in you is to fuck you, and I'd never betray my boyfriend to do it. If only he wasn't living in another state right now...

So every week I sit a few seats behind you...you sit in one of the senior citizen seats and chat with the bus driver, so if I sit in the first seat that faces forward, I have a great view. It's a long bus ride late at night, so we're usually the only two on it, and you get off only a few stops before I do.

When I get home, I go to bed and fantasize about having sex with you. First I prepare myself for bed, brushing my teeth and washing my face just as I always do. I take off my clothes and get into bed, beginning to get excited by the feeling of the soft flannel sheet against my body. My right hand snakes down to my pussy and starts its work, while my mind starts its fantasy.

I visualize you on the bus. The first thing I always notice is your body. It's a mixture of hard and soft, but there's clearly a lot of muscle. Your legs are hard and remind me of tree trunks, and your firm, round ass drives me nuts. As I move up your body in my mind, I see your belly and sides, combined with your broad, muscular back. Finally I see your face, with its amazing youthfulness.

After only minutes of this exercise, I can feel myself reaching a climax...but it's not time yet. I stop masturbating, but go further into the fantasy. Now you're standing...we're in my bedroom. I walk up behind you and wrap my arms around you. My breasts ache for attention as I push them up against your strong back; the sensation of your ass against my belly increases my desire. My hands wander over your t-shirt, lovingly caressing every curve until I reach your hard, chiseled breasts. You moan as I fondle your nipples, feeling them become erect under my fingers. I pinch them gently through the t-shirt and realize from your reaction that I've found something you very much enjoy.

I run my hands down your sides to the waist of your pants and below, firmly squeezing your hips between my hands, moving down to your hard thighs. My hands slide around to the front, and move closer and closer to your bulging crotch, as if of their own volition.

My arousal is becoming more insistent, so start to pull your shirt off. Realizing my goal, you finish the job while I remove your pants. Seeing you naked only serves to inflame me further; I realize that at this moment, I want nothing more than to suck your cock until you come. Before I have a chance to kneel down, you remove my shirt and skirt, leaving me dressed only in a front-hook bra. I close my eyes as your hands rest on my broad hips. I concentrate on the sensation - your smooth, un-calloused hands moving slowly from my hips forward onto my belly...my pussy is throbbing with desire.

Your hands move up to my breasts, where you hold them through their restraints. I can do nothing but stand motionless, nearly shaking from the depth of my arousal. You finally unhook my bra, freeing my breasts for your further ministrations. immediately I feel my nipples being squeezed, hard, and I almost fall.

Much as I enjoy this, I realize that my original intention has been interrupted, so I kneel down and cup your balls in one hand while I rub your cock gently with the other. My hunger for you is enormous, and I open my mouth wide to cram both of your balls in it at once. I love the feeling of my tongue circling each one, back and forth, over and over...finally, I release your balls and lick my way up to your cockhead in one motion, swiftly enveloping your penis with my mouth. I begin to suck you, forming a firm ring with my lips and sliding your cock in and out of my mouth. Sometimes I stop to play my tongue over the underside or swirl it around the head, fondling your balls with one hand and your ass with the other.

I tire of this eventually, and grab one of your ass cheeks in each hand as I pump my head back and forth, moving faster and harder as I sense your need increasing. Finally you tremble as cum shoots into my mouth, and I cease my movements, concentrating on the taste of your cum and the feeling of your cock spasming in my mouth. After a minute, we lie down on my bed.

We continue to explore each other's bodies with our hands, while I wait for you to recover. In a couple of minutes, I straddle you and we caress each other's chests. I have always found this position to provide the greatest sensitivity and enjoyment for me in this activity; something to do with my breasts hanging free, no doubt. We apply our mouths as well...you seem to particularly enjoy when I suck and nibble your nipples at the same time. In any case, with my warm, wet pussy resting on your penis and my hands caressing your body, you rapidly become hard again.

I slide your cock into my pussy and settle in, experiencing the satisfying sensation of your cockhead just barely touching my cervix. As you continue to hold my breasts, I start to fuck you, sliding almost all the way up each time. I am oblivious to everything as I ride you on my way to orgasm...I barely notice your warm, wet mouth on my nipples, though it surely helps me on my way.

My tense body rapidly reaches its first orgasm, and I get up off of you, asking you if you might perhaps service me from behind. As you readily agree, I get on my knees, with my elbows resting on the bed and my legs spread slightly. Instead of the cock I expect, I feel your tongue probing me and your hands fondling my buttocks - something I am certainly not about to object to.

After a minute or two, I do indeed feel the expected pressure of your cock entering me again. I clamp down on it, loving the feeling of you pushing against me, until I again feel your cock on my cervix...this time a little harder, but I am prepared now. I beg you to fuck me as hard as you can, and you seem only too happy to oblige, as I feel you pounding into me shortly thereafter.

With this kind of pressure, neither of us can last long, and I start to cum only moments before you slam yourself against me one last time and spend deep inside of me. You collapse on top of me, and we both sink down to the bed, shifting after a few minutes into a more comfortable sleeping position.