 Lucas let them into the apartment with her keys, guiding her in ahead of him and turning to lock up. He took a deep breath, smelling something delicious cooking. "What is that incredible smell?" he murmured, turning and catching her around the waist, pulling her close and nuzzling her neck. He felt her shudder weakly as she leaned into him. He swirled his tongue up the side of her neck to nibble her ear.

"I made dinner. Since you were coming after work, I thought maybe you wouldn't have eaten," she breathed, "It's chicken stew..." She felt the heat tremble inside her, fighting with the sudden awkwardness she felt. She barely knew the guy, yet they'd just had wild sex in the parking lot. And she already wanted him again. It was so unlike her. She pulled away slowly, but took his hand and led him into the kitchen. "Have a seat..."

As Lucas sat at the counter, he watched as she took bowls out of the cabinet. He let his eyes wander over her body, to study the slender grace of her when she moved. Something was wrong. He wasn't the most thoughtful lover, but he was an observant man. Instead of waiting for her to serve him, he got up and crossed to her as she stirred the crock pot. "What's wrong, sweetheart?" he murmured, sliding his hands over her hips.

"Nothing," she answered faintly, picking up a bowl to serve. Lucas reached out and caught her hand. He lowered the bowl back to the counter and turned her to face him, pinning her between his body and the counter. She was pale, her eyes darting nervously over his shoulder.

"I think you'd better try that again," he chided, but softened it by brushing his fingers over her cheek. "Are you regretting what we just did? Or that you invited me in?" He hoped not, especially now that he'd had a taste of her. He had a hunger for her that only hours of hot sex would sate. And, he thought, he really wanted to taste her. His mouth watered to taste her.

"I don't even know your first name," she whispered, avoiding his questions. She tensed in his embrace, "You know so much more about me..." It wasn't the real reason, but she knew he'd accept it. She wanted him inside her; her core throbbed for him, her body burned for him. The more he touched her, the more she wanted.

"Lucas, Lucas David March," he murmured, tucking her hair behind her ear, "Born April 12. I'm 27. I can't say I'm sorry we didn't start a little slower, not when you're the hottest woman I've ever had. I couldn't help myself." He paused, licking his lips, wanting her again, wanting to lift her to the counter, to spread her legs and slide his tongue inside her. "And I don't know all that much about you. Do your friends call you Samantha or something else?" He couldn't remember anything else from her license. If he was honest, he'd barely looked at the thing. His attention had all been for her.

"Sam," she answered, her finger hesitantly brushing his lips, her eyes on his, darkening. She could see the heat in his eyes too. Maybe this wasn't one sided...

"What's the K for, Sam?" he asked softly. His breath was warm on her finger and he flicked his tongue over her tip, making her shudder. He felt his body harden at her quick response and stepped closer.

"Kathryn," she breathed as his hands bracketed her body, as his lower body pressed to hers. She felt the length of him against her belly and quivered with need. He made a soft strangled sound and she felt him jerk against her belly. God, she wanted him. Why weren't they naked?

"I should have known," he whispered, slowly lowering his mouth to hers. He kissed her, gently, teasingly at first, but deepened it as she responded. She was sweet and spicy, her scent something he couldn't name yet something that grabbed him like fingers on his cock. He drew back to take breath, then took her mouth again, his eyes dark and deep blue on hers, his tongue teasing hers as she opened for him. Her eyes closed as she slid her arms around his neck and rubbed her body along his.

When he drew back a second time, breathing hard, she managed to gather her thoughts briefly, "Why should you have known?"

"Kathryn...Kat...you purr like a cat," he murmured. His hands cupped her face as he nibbled the line of her jaw. The little noise she couldn't help made him smile as he tugged lightly on her ear lobe. "I'm not really hungry for dinner right now," his voice dropped low and husky, making her shudder, "There's something else I'd like to taste..."

"The bedroom this time?" she asked, her voice trembling as much as her body did. He slipped his arm around her waist and slid the other under her knees as he lifted her.

"The bedroom." He carried her from the kitchen, thinking how light and small she was in his arms. She'd been so sassy against the car; he'd forgotten she was several inches shorter and dozens of pounds lighter. He carried her into the darkened room she pointed to, appreciating how the moonlight spilled across the bed from the sliding glass doors on one side. He laid her in the soft light, stepping back to watch her as he began to unbutton his shirt. Letting it fall to the floor, he took off his equipment, laying the pieces on the top of the bureau - except for the handcuffs. Those he reached over to set on the nightstand.

Out of the corner of his eye Lucas saw her shudder and lick her lips. But when his eyes met hers, he saw more nerves than heat. He smiled gently at her, realizing that she was trying new things with him. He unbuckled his pants and slowly slid the zipper down. "Would you like to handcuff me? Is that your fantasy?" He'd never let a woman have control before, but she was so nervous, he didn't want to force her into something she'd regret. He hoped that, if he went first, she'd relax and let him have a turn later. He shucked his pants, his erection bulging against the front of his boxers. His boxers went next, leaving him hard and aroused and naked.

Lucas saw her hesitate, considering, before she took a deep breath. "That's not..."

"I'd like it," he murmured, moving to sit on the edge of the bed beside her. He picked up the handcuffs, letting them fall from one hand to the other. He knew she wouldn't hurt him and hell, if she looked at him he was hard, so her touching him wouldn't be a sacrifice. "I could return the favor later..."

Her eyes told him that she could image how he'd return the favor. Her smile said he would be in trouble first. She held out her hand to him and he placed the handcuffs in her palm, closing his hand over hers. Her eyes came up to his and she licked her lips. His eyes followed that little peek of tongue, his cock bobbing as he thought of it running along his length. "Ready?" he growled.

"You should be asking yourself that question," she teased, her eyes narrowing.

He just smiled at her and, as she slid off the bed, he laid out on his back, crossing his hands under his head. He couldn't help watching her as she just stood there, shifting the cuffs in her hands, staring. Butterflies danced in his stomach but his erection swelled, lifting, arching from his groin, ample evidence of his arousal. Surrender was sexy. He'd told other women that when he'd insisted on being in control but it had been because their surrender turned him on. Lucas was now only beginning to appreciated that it could be arousing to both parties.

Sam moved slowly, reaching over him to take one of his wrists gently, carefully fastening the cuff, shivering at the ratchet sound of metal on metal. He found himself trembling with her. She leaned further over him to reach for his other wrist and her breasts brushed him, making her breath catch as her shirt rubbed her sensitive nipples. He grinned and lifted his wrist for her, his eyes locked on hers as she closed the cuff, binding his hands together. She reached up and hooked the cuffs over the knob on her headboard, effectively chaining him to the bed, yet not so he couldn't get up if he really wanted to.

"Is that okay?" she murmured, looking from his face to his bound hands. Her voice was trembling as much as she was - breathy with arousal or nerves he wasn't sure, but he suspected it was a bit of both.

"For now," he answered calmly, "The key is on the nightstand." His body was tense, his own nerves raw, set on edge by being helpless. But he wouldn't back down now.

"Let me know when you want to be freed," she whispered, lowering her mouth to his. Her kiss was light, sweet and tempting. Lucas tried to reach for her as she drew back and the bed rocked, making him realize just what he'd done. He groaned and she smiled. He thought he was in trouble for sure this time. She was going to torture him in the best way and he could only lay there and take it. God, he loved this kind of trouble. 

"I'm going to get a little more comfortable," she murmured, unbuttoning her blouse slowly. His mouth went dry as he watched her reveal more and more pale skin until she shrugged the blouse down her shoulders, bared to the waist. He hadn't gotten a clear look at her breasts before and he badly wanted to touch her, to suckle those taut globes, to nibble her hard cherry nipples. When she reached behind her back to unhook her skirt, her breasts thrust forward and he groaned again, yanking the cuffs.

She giggled - a sound he'd never liked in a woman before, but hers was light, breathy, and only added to his arousal. "You think this is funny?" he growled. His cock was throbbing, demanding attention, and the aching need was making him more and more edgy.

"You asked for this," she whispered, leaning forward as she wiggled out of her skirt, ending up as naked as he was and way too far away in his opinion. She took one step closer, leaning over him to brush her lips across his belly, staying away from his straining erection. Her tongue licked his skin lightly as she tasted him, moving up over washboard abs to his chest. 

"Mmmm," she sighed, climbing onto the bed, shifting to kneel between his legs as he spread them for her. His eyes stayed locked on her, his breath short and harsh with the need pumping through his body. Her hands were on either side of his body, her eyes watching his face as she bent to kiss his chest, keeping her body above his stiff cock. She teased him with her tongue, drawing little swirls on his hot skin, sighing again. When he groaned, she smiled and shifted, nipping lightly at his nipple, making his hips buck a little.

"You're so tense, Lucas," she whispered, sliding a hand over his stomach, caressing him, but not touching the most needy part of him. She seemed to appreciate his muscles, making him glad for the hours he spent in the gym. Now if he could only... "You need to relax, Lucas."

Was she kidding him? "You're killing me," he growled, his voice hoarse and desperate. And she'd barely gotten started. He was going to explode any second and she hadn't even touched his cock yet. He was such a wuss -- a hot, tight, desperate wuss.

"Oh, I don't think so," she murmured, nibbling lightly at his belly as she moved lower, "You like this. It turns you on." She placed her hands on his thighs, feeling his tension, her mouth low on his belly, the tip of his cock rubbing her chest. She could feel the heat of desire pouring off his skin, the excitement in the trembling of his body, she could see the burning need in his eyes. Her body seemed to tingle with the knowledge of how much he wanted her.

"Sam..." He groaned as she took his hard erection in her hands, stroking him lightly, up from his balls to his bulging head and back down, light feathery touches that only added to his desire. Flames licked his veins as the heat inside him exploded. His hips lifted from the mattress and she gripped him firmly, her thumbs pressing and rubbing just under his head, all his blood rushing to his groin. His cock jerked in her hands as he grunted and precum oozed from his tip.

"It's okay, Lucas," she murmured, "I won't hurt you..." She lowered her head but kept her eyes on his, her tongue gliding over his tip, tasting the cream. He quivered, his hands clenched into fists, his wrists pulling the cuffs taut. "Relax, baby," she whispered, "Don't pull so hard, you'll hurt your wrists..." She slid a hand over his belly as she licked him again, feeling his stomach muscles jump. 

She felt so wicked, so wanton. Her pussy was dripping with desire, her core clenching with need and she licked her lips, tasting him. She could remember how his cock felt, ramming her in the parking lot. She wanted to feel him inside her so much it was all she could do not to mount him right now. But she wanted to taste him more. She wanted him to beg more.

"Let me go, Sam," he panted, twisting a little as he tried to free his hands, to reach for her. With her over his body, he could sit up far enough to work at unhooking the chain from around the knob. He needed his hands free, he groaned. He wanted to pull her down under him, mount her hips and drive himself into orgasm. It didn't matter that he'd only managed a couple of minutes before giving in. She could call him a wuss, but he'd be a satisfied wuss and he'd damn well make sure she came screaming first.

"Just a little taste, baby," she murmured, sliding his bulging head into her mouth, one hand gripping his cock, the other slowly stroking his belly. He was on fire, bucking beneath her as she started to suck gently, her tongue caressing him. He groaned, tipping his head back, unable to think beyond the primal urge to mate that pounded in his head. The hand holding his erection loosened and she lowered her mouth down his shaft, her tongue teasing as she took him deep. His hips moved with her as she slid up and down his massive rod, sucking and stroking him with her wet mouth.

"Sam..." He was begging, straining, his hips thrusting against her mouth. He had never wanted something so much as he wanted to bury himself inside her, to fuck her until he exploded.

She lifted her head, sliding him out of her mouth, leaving him wet and twitchy. "Enough, baby?" she asked. She was shaking and wet, so aroused she didn't know if she could stand much more before she'd cum herself. She blew lightly on his wet skin and he groaned.

"Want...need..." He couldn't even make a complete sentence. Sam smiled, crawling up his body until she straddled his chest, reaching for the key from the nightstand. Holding it in her teeth, she reached down between her legs to grip him firmly, to guide him to her pussy. She rubbed her hole against his tip, letting him feel how wet she was, teasing herself as much as she was him. "Yes," he managed, breathless, desperate.

In one smooth motion, she sank onto his cock, feeling her sex stretch to contain his thick penis as she took all of him into her. Lucas groaned, bucking beneath her, making her gasp as his length twisted inside her. The key tumbled to his chest and she laughed breathlessly, shivering with sensations. She leaned forward, lifting off his cock as she fumbled with the handcuffs. He bucked up against her again, ramming his cock deeper, and startled her. She dropped the key with a breathless cry and desperately began to search for the key, her body rocking on his.

"Sam...later, baby," he groaned, "Need..." She hesitated. His cock was throbbing, already so close. If she'd stop squirming, he'd have a chance of lasting until she was ready too. 

"Get it later." She nodded, kissing him lightly as she reached up to unhook the cuffs from the bedpost, hoping to at least lessening the tension in his shoulders. Her body lifted from his, his cock sliding back. Lucas could feel her juices drip down his shaft and the sensation made his jaw clench. His balls tightened painfully and he closed his eyes, trying to hold back.

The moment he felt the tension loosen, he grabbed her, rolling her over, planting his fists in the sheets above her head and thrusting his cock deep into her heat. She cried out, arching up, clutching his arms. He rammed his cock into her again and again, the incredible lust burning in his blood making him wild and primal. He grunted with each stroke, savoring her desperate moans, the way she writhed beneath him. His cock moved like a piston, in and out, pumping, until he could barely breathe with the sensations inside him. 

"Revenge...will...be...sweet," he growled, lowering his head to nip her bottom lip, his eyes focused on hers. He realized then that she couldn't even see him anymore. She was blind, her eyes unfocussed, dark and dazed. With a wicked smile, he pushed his thighs under hers to lift her and plunged down into her at a new angle. Her nails dug into his arms as she arched up with a cry, her pussy clamping tight around him, pinning him in her heat.

"Fuck, yes, baby," he panted, pumping his body against hers, ramming his head against her core, groaning with her tightening embrace.

"Lucas..." She nearly screamed as she came, her body shuddering violently as she began to sob, enveloping him in hot cum as she collapsed to the bedding. He drew back and thrust deep once more, his cock thickening, pulsing, erupting into her depths. She shuddered again with another cry as he ejaculated again and again into her pussy. He managed to lock his arms, holding himself from collapsing onto her as he went weak, emptying all his pleasure into her, moaning.

He released finally, slipping from her vibrating body and collapsing to the bed next to her with a low moan. Sam shuddered once, then rolled to her side, starting to get up. Lucas reached for her, only then realizing he was still handcuffed. "Let me find the key," she whispered, her voice still breathless. He nodded and she slipped off the bed, disappearing for only a moment, before appearing again, the small key in her trembling fingers. She fumbled a little, but finally managed to unlock him and the cuffs fell to the bed with a soft clank. There were red marks on his wrists from where he'd strained against the bonds and she made a soft sound of pain, brushing her finger lightly over one wrist. He rolled to his side, catching her hands, drawing her back into bed.

"It doesn't hurt," he murmured, pulling her into his arms, "The marks will fade quickly." He soothed her, reassuring her with gently strokes as he held her close. What he didn't say was that the marks on his soul probably wouldn't ever fade. He'd let her have control and she had broken his, freeing an animal inside him. He'd never imagined the intensity of the primal need, the incredible release of orgasm that he'd felt with her. He didn't think he'd ever feel like that again.

"I didn't mean to let it get out of hand," she whispered. He felt her shudder and remembered the blind look in her eyes, how she'd screamed at her climax. Maybe he'd been too rough, too needy.

"Did I hurt you?" Lucas asked, concerned. She shook her head, gently pulling away from him. She slipped from bed and went to her closet, drawing out the green robe that he'd seen last Saturday. It might have covered her nakedness, but to Lucas it was like gift wrap on a present. Pretty, but could be torn away at a moment's notice. He sat up with a soft groan. His body was sore, like he'd just put in an hour at the gym. He pulled on his boxers and slacks.

"I'm going to grab some sweats from my car," he said, picking up the rest of his uniform and his equipment, "I'll be right back for some of that stew, if it's no trouble."

"Do you want beer, too?" she asked, stepping close enough to slide a hand up over his bare chest until she brushed his jaw, her eyes on his. Those eyes said they weren't done yet; this was just to refuel. 

"Sounds good." He hoped she saw the answering need in his eyes. He couldn't wait for paybacks. He knew just what he wanted to do with her in handcuffs...