 This is the seventh episode in a multi-part story. It is the conclusion of Eddy and Kealani's trip and I strongly urge you to start with Chapter 01 first so you can understand the context of the situation and get introduced to the characters. This is a story of a journey and is meant to be read from the beginning. 

*

I awoke to the pleasant aroma of freshly brewed coffee and opened my eyes to see Kealani in that sitting-kneeling Geisha position by the side of the bed holding a small tray with a cup of coffee on it. "That's not quite the breakfast in bed I was expecting but it smells delicious."

"You can have as much as you want of the breakfast you were expecting but this is my last day to spoil you so I got up early and had the room service steward take some of the Jamaican coffee we bought and make us a fresh pot. He just brought it so please enjoy." She bowed her head as she sat the tray on the bedside table then stood to walk around to the other side of the bed and told me to sit up while she put another pillow behind me.

"Drink your coffee." She said as she lay down next to my side. "I want you wide awake for your next course."

"And what would that be?"

"My little bald Asian pussy of course."

"Ummmh. My favorite breakfast, the two best things I've ever put in my mouth." As I drank the coffee I thought of Linda. I couldn't remember the last time I had brought her coffee in bed. One more thing to thank this beautiful angel next to me for. How did I manage to become so neglectful of somebody I've loved for half my life?

I turned to look at her and almost got my mouth open to speak when she put her finger on my lips and said, "No! Do not say what you were about to say. This is not the day for thinking about things or figuring stuff out or making plans. This is our day to celebrate our love and to be with each other totally and we don't need words for that because words cannot express it."

I put the cup on the tray and threw back the sheet and pulled her to me and kissed her first on her lips and then all over her neck and shoulders. I slid down slightly and put my hands on her warm breasts and covered one with my mouth. I licked and sucked her nipple and softly squeezed her with my hand. She put her hand on my head and gently pressed it down as she pushed her chest up to get as much of her breast in my mouth as she could. "Oh yes Eddy suck me my darling. Suck the love from me as you did from your mother when you were an infant. Let it nourish you like a stream of golden milk dripping straight on to your heart. Take it Eddy, take as much as you want for I have an inexhaustible supply and it is all for you."

I kept sucking her for a long time because it made me feel more loved than I had ever felt in my life. I don't know if she was having an orgasm while I sucked her but her body flinched and trembled the entire time. I finally released her and slid down so I could bend her knees and spread her legs. I lay on my side perpendicular to her hips and put her calves over my body so my cock was lying on her mound. It was still soft so I wrapped my hand around it and slowly rubbed the head up and down her slit. I reached for her arm and moved her hand to her clit and used her fingers to rub it. I let go of her hand and she continued to play with her pussy as I kept rubbing it with the head of my cock.

My cock slowly stiffened of its own accord. I didn't care if it got hard or not. This was about love not sex and it just didn't matter. As my cock slid up to touch her clit she would use her fingers to gently rub the head and press it against her before spreading her fingers and rubbing them down her lips with my cock between them. Sometimes she would roll my cock from side to side touching her thighs with it. Then she would stretch her large inner labia and wrap them around it to form a cocoon. I removed my hand and let her use my cock to stimulate both of us in whatever way she felt like doing.

This was the most pleasurable sexual playing I had ever engaged in. My cock was hard enough that she could wrap her hand around it and push the tip into her vagina then let it stay there just barely inside her while she pulled on her lips and rubbed her clit. Her juices were leaking onto my cock head and down between her ass cheeks. She pulled my cock up and put the tip directly on her clitoris while she pulled the hood back with her other hand. My precum was flowing out of me as she pushed the opening against her clit in an attempt to get the swollen pink nub into my pee hole. When she succeeded in doing this her legs twitched as a little orgasm caused her to moan. She did this several more times before she laid my cock on her mound and tilted her head back.

I pulled her legs farther apart and slid as close to her as I could. My balls were pressing against her vagina. She reached down and pulled one of them in an attempt to get my testicle inside her. Her juices were practically gushing now and I actually believe she succeeded in getting my ball at least partly into her hole. After watching Mina put her entire fist into Kealani I had no doubt that if she wanted my balls in her cunt she'd find a way to do it. I sure didn't mind, whatever she was doing felt incredibly good.

While she was preoccupied with my balls, my cock continued to leak precum all over her stomach. I used my hand to stroke my shaft and more of my fluid seeped out onto her. I was finally fully erect so I moved my cock down and put the tip at the entrance to her hole. She was so wet my entire cock slid completely inside her as easily as if I had put it into a glass of water. Her hand returned to her clit and resumed rubbing it. She pressed her hips forward and I did the same so my cock would extend as deeply into her as it could. She did something with her internal muscles and I swear I could feel her cervix massaging the head of my cock, which only encouraged it to leak more precum into her.

I lay back and savored the feeling of being completely joined with her. I felt her heat; her pulse; her wetness and all thoughts left my mind. I drifted in bliss. I had never felt this content. My breathing slowed to no more than 3 times per minute. Deep relaxed breaths that I had never experienced before with absolutely no effort on my part. If I had died at that moment I wouldn't have minded a bit for I would have passed from one angel into the arms of another.

I don't know what finally brought me back but I withdrew my cock from her vagina and moved so that my head was now between her legs. I guess I had subconsciously made a decision to not let any more of her heavenly pussy juice slide out of her onto the sheet. I put my mouth over her hole and used my thumbs to pry her lips apart and was rewarded with her orgasm and a steady flow of her vaginal secretions mixed with my precum. It felt like I had put my mouth on a faucet. It tasted marvelous. As sweet as nectar and as I swallowed she said, "Oh Eddy eat me baby, eat it all. Feel my liquid love flowing into you and let it spread though your whole body." She gradually relaxed as her climax subsided.

I returned to my original position and used my hand to rub my cock up and down her slit again then laid it on her bare mound. Her hand replaced mine and she began to gently stroke it. Her fingers deftly squeezed and released as they moved up and down my shaft. I began to feel the first stirrings of an orgasm way down deep inside of me. She continued her graceful caressing of my shaft bringing her hand up to the tip to get more precum on her fingers. She built my climax up excruciatingly slow until at last my cock flexed and swelled signaling my release. As soon as the first spurt of cum splashed onto her stomach she let go completely and just let my cock lie on her mound and spray jet after jet of thick hot cream on her. "Oh YES my darling give me your liquid love as I gave mine to you." As each glob streaked across her she said softly, "More, give me more. Give it all to me."

We lay there silently as the last drops of my cum dribbled onto her. "Eddy do you remember the other night when I played the song 'I want to Know What Love is' and I asked you to show me? Well you just showed me. I don't think those last two orgasms we had happened here on earth. I've never felt so completely lost in an experience and so aware at the same time. You touched my soul Eddy. And I touched yours."

"I know my love, I know." I pulled myself away from her and sat on the end of the bed. "I guess we should get cleaned up and get a bite to eat while Maria makes up the room."

"OK. But let's have something sent in and eat on the veranda while Maria's here. I don't want to get dressed and go out."

The alarm went off at 7 AM and Lauren reached over and turned it off. She rolled over and put her hand on Rodney's forehead and said, "Come on sleepy head it's time to get up. We're supposed to meet you parents for breakfast at 8."

"I'd much rather stay here with you Lauren."

"That's very sweet of you to say but we can't. But I think we've got time to do something to wake you up." Lauren pulled the sheet off Rodney's naked body and slid down so her head was beside his hip. "Now you turn on your side and I'll show you how a woman is supposed to awaken her man." Rodney rolled on his side and Lauren's warm mouth slid over the head of his cock.

"Oh wow Lauren that feels wonderful."

Lauren's tongue slid all around the tip of his cock as she licked and sucked him to a full erection. Her hands gently took hold of his balls and began to caress them while her tongue licked the opening in the tip of his helmet shaped cock head. Her lips sealed around the ridge at the top of his shaft. Her mouth increased its suction as her hands squeezed and tugged his balls with more pressure. His precum oozed onto her tongue and she tasted the sweet salty liquid and knew he was getting close to cumming. She used one of her thumbs to rub the underside of his shaft. His breathing quickened and his cock swelled. Lauren pulled his balls down and felt them squirm in her hand as the first powerful spurt of his cum shot into her mouth with such force that it hit the back of her throat without even touching her tongue. Six more blasts of his hot sperm followed with just enough time between them for her to swallow the pearly liquid.

She kept him in her mouth until the last drops oozed onto her tongue. "Did you like that Rodney?"

"Oh God yes Lauren that was awesome."

"Well I've got to get in the shower and you've got to go to your room and get bathed and dressed. I'll meet you at the entrance to the main dining room at 8."

Lauren checked her makeup one last time before leaving the room. She was dressed in a dark blue straight skirt and a white cotton short-sleeved blouse that buttoned up the front. A pair of dark blue high heels completed the outfit. She tied a red scarf loosely around the collar of the blouse then grabbed her purse and headed for the dining room. Rodney was already there waiting for her when she arrived.

"You look very nice Lauren. Like one of my teachers."

"Thank you Rodney. That's a good thing, I think."

Rodney led them to their table where his parents were already sitting. His father stood up when they got to the table and introduced himself, "Hello I'm Harold Curtis and this is my wife Cheryl. Please have a seat."

"I'm Lauren Jennings and I'm very pleased to meet Rodney's parents." Rodney pulled a chair back and Lauren sat down. "Thank you Rodney." Rodney sat next to her.

"So you're Rodney's new girlfriend. I must say I was expecting somebody a little...."

"A little younger." Lauren completed the sentence for him.

Cheryl looked at me and said, "Let me put it this way Lauren, don't you feel like Rodney's a little young and inexperienced for a woman like you?"

"The short answer is no but let me explain something to both of you. If you had asked me that question when I walked on this ship a few days ago I would have said yes but my whole life has changed since then and it's been totally for the better. I won't go into all the details but I had been emotionally starving myself for the past year because of a divorce and two of the most loving and caring people I've ever known have brought me back to life."

"Let me assure you that I'm not trying to be miss Right for Rodney. I'm only trying to be miss right now. Rodney is just beginning his sexual life and I'm sure he's as confused and untutored in sex as most of us were at his age. Did either of you have one of those serious conversations with Rodney about sex?" Cheryl and Harold looked at each other with a sheepish guilty look. "I didn't think so."

Cheryl said, "I just assumed his father would have that talk. I guess I should have been more involved."

"It's just as well, you can't really learn what sex is all about from your parents."

"One of those people I've met on this trip told me that the Japanese have a saying: A boy learns to be a boy from other boys but he learns to be a man from a woman. I'm trying to do that for Rodney. He told me he's going to be attending the university in Knoxville this fall. When he does he's going to be exposed to a whole new world of activities like parties, drugs, alcohol and sex. Sex today is different than it was when we were his age. Social media, the Internet, foreign students have all accelerated the learning curve for kids in college when it comes to sex and Rodney needs to be prepared to handle it when he gets there. I've met some college girls on this trip and trust me their sexual sophistication is light years ahead of where I was at their age. It's very easy to get distracted by these extracurricular activities and forget why you're there."

"My own son is only a few months younger than Rodney and I'm already making plans for him to go on a cruise with an older woman when he turns 18 so he can learn about sex the way it should be before he goes to college in the fall. He, like Rodney, needs to be shown first hand what to do and how it feels, not just read it in a book or look at porn. Learning to be a good lover is best accomplished with on the job training. I want both of them to be experienced lovers that understand what a woman feels as well as what they should feel. They need to be shown how to be considerate of her needs and how that enhances their own experience. I want them to embody the words of the Dalai Lama: Be kind whenever possible and remember, it is always possible. This is as important to their education as anything they will learn in their classes."

Harold looked at me and said, "As a man I recognize that Rodney does need to learn these things and from what you've said it sounds like you're doing a very good job of it but what are you getting out of it?"

"I'd be lying if I said I was only doing this for his benefit. Rodney has helped me more than he knows. As part of my reawakening I needed to rebuild my self-esteem and regain my confidence as a woman. Being attractive to Rodney is a big ego boost for me, especially since my ex-husband left me for a much younger woman. You always learn something yourself when you're teaching somebody else and talking candidly and explicitly to Rodney about sex has helped me to be more at ease with my own body and more comfortable with my sexuality."

Harold turned to his wife and said, "Well we brought him on this trip to have fun and it sounds like that's exactly what he's doing." He looked at Rodney and asked, "Are you having fun Rodney?"

Rodney looked him in the eye and said, "I'm having the most fun I've ever had in my life dad."

"In that case, let's get some breakfast."

We were still out on the veranda having our own breakfast and waiting for Maria to finish the housekeeping when Lauren walked out of the room.

"Good morning sweetheart. You're looking especially beautiful today even if it does seem strange to see you with clothes on. How did your breakfast with Rodney's parents go?"

"Surprisingly well actually, they both had some initial reservations about my stealing their baby but I managed to straighten them out. Rodney's dad even whispered to me before I left that he wished I'd been around when he was 18."

"Are you going to do him too?" Kealani asked.

"Kealani you know it's not like that."

"I'm just kidding Lauren. I think what you're doing with and for Rodney is very selfless and admirable. If I didn't, I wouldn't have done what we did last night."

"I know that. And you must know that what you and Eddy have done for me is what inspired me to do the same for Rodney. I love you Kealani and I'll never forget how much you have changed my life." She bent over and kissed Kealani. "So what are you two going to do today?"

"As soon as Maria is finished we're going back to bed and love each other in as many ways as we can think of. Would you care to join us?"

"You two need to do this by yourselves. Besides, Rodney wants to continue his sexual education with me in much the same way. However, I've got another surprise in store for young Rodney. I called Alison and asked her if she and her friends had plans for the day and she told me they were probably just going to hang out by the pool since we're at sea all day. I told her about Rodney and asked her if they'd like to come to my room and continue his birthday celebration. She said they would love to throw him a party he'd never forget. They're coming over about 11. I might sneak out while he's playing with them and join you for a little while."

"Great plan Lauren. That boy will have a grin on his face for the next 6 months. Please try to join us for a little while. There's something I need your help with."

"That reminds me Eddy, there's something I need to talk to you about too. I'll definitely come by later."

Maria stuck her head out the sliding door and announced that she was finished and that this would probably be the last time she would see us since we had to disembark early tomorrow morning.

"Eddy that's your cue to give Maria her gratuity for keeping our suite so clean."

Lauren said, "Oh yeah I better go get her something too."

"Don't bother Lauren I'll get it and we can settle up later." I got up and went inside and got my wallet out of the locked desk drawer and got out four hundred dollar bills and handed them to her.

"Thank you very much. That is very gracious of you." She said.

"You're welcome Maria, this is for Miss Jennings too. You've taken excellent care of us and we appreciate it."

"Are you and your wife going out today?"

"Well Maria, she's not my wife and we don't plan on going out today."

"You don't feel bad do you?"

"No we feel very good but this is our last day and we are going to stay here in the room and make love all day."

She giggled and said, "You wouldn't be the first couple to do that in this suite."

"No, I didn't think we would."

"You two have fun. I'll put the Do Not Disturb sign on the door when I leave."

When I returned to the veranda Lauren was standing behind the chair Kealani was sitting in massaging her shoulders and sliding her hands down to caress her breasts exposed by the open robe she was almost wearing. "Ummh, what were you saying about not being able to leave me alone with a beautiful woman for 5 minutes?"

"Sauce for the goose Eddy."

I sat in a chair opposite them and poured the last of the coffee in my cup and took a sip and looked at them. I smiled and Kealani asked me what I was thinking. "I was thinking what Lauren said out here the other night. We are truly beautiful aren't we."

Lauren leaned over and kissed Kealani again. It started to be a little kiss but soon turned into a passionate exchange of tongues and moans. "Oh my God Kealani, you just radiate love. I see it and feel it and taste it and it makes me weak. I've got butterflies in my stomach just from kissing you. Please don't leave this cabin today or you'll have everybody on the ship following you and wanting to touch you. Before I get too carried away with you two I'd better get back to my room. Rodney will be here soon and I want to be ready for him." She pulled herself away and left.
