 "I never thought you would go this far," is the thought that kept recurring in my head as we lay next to each other. It was a secret fantasy come true.

I had agreed to drive you home because our it was getting late and it looked as though our annual office bash was never going to end. Five hours of none stop eating drinking and dancing were enough for me. I was anxious to get home before the drizzle turned into a downpour. I was happy to have the company for the 30 minute ride back to my sleepy suburban haven. Having worked with you all these years, I never knew how much fun it was to be with you outside from work. Man were you a natural on the dance floor! The weight that you had lost over the past year has made an incredible difference in your self esteem and confidence - I was quite impressed when ‘shy’ you asked me to dance! 

When the raspy voice of Louis Armstrong’s "What a wonderful life" filled the hall and I slipped my arm around your waist I was amazed at how firm your body was. I realized that you have turned into a hot babe! You were nervously laughing as you read the shock and admiration on my face, and if we were dancing closer, you would also have realized that my admiration was felt much deeper…

As the music ended, I don’t know what possessed me to do it, maybe it was that I felt so proud of your accomplishment, happy for your newfound confidence, or maybe it was the slight tilt in your head as the dance ended, but I had to kiss you. Just a quick peck that no one in the room would have paid a second thought to, but the electricity that I felt from gave me a better adrenaline rush than the cup of coffee I was thinking of having to stay awake for the ride home.

We had a great conversation on the ride home - we talked about our families, spouses, subjects we never had spoken about in detail, even though we had worked together for so long. As we turned onto your street, the heavens opened up and now the rain was coming down in buckets! The wind had kicked up to gale forces as the trees swayed violently. Against your wishes, I jumped out of the car first, found the umbrella in the trunk and held it over you, keeping you dry as we hopped up your flagstone walk. With your husband out of town, it was only natural that I offer to make sure the house was in order before leaving to my own home another 30 minutes away. That was when the lights went out. 

"Shoot," I thought, what a night. As I groped to find a lightswitch, forgetting that with no electricity, it was in vain, I accidentally grabbed your breast in the dark. I almost jumped out of my pants as I realized what I had done and started to apologize profusely. You giggled, telling me it was no big deal, and put your hands on my shoulders to let me know it was all right. But in my mind I could not help but think about what I felt in that split second. The firmness of your breast, comfortable size and I could swear I felt more…

Having checked the house, I came back to the kitchen, you had flashlight in hand and were placing candles all around the house. Gone are the dismal and fearful thoughts of the storm. "No," I have to get to stop thinking like this. There is nothing going on here. Nothing.

"Would you like a drink?" you asked, bringing me up out of my thoughts. 

"Do you have any coffee?" I ask stupidly, realizing my mistake in a flash.

"I can warm some leftover in a mug over a candle," you said with smirk, "or I can make you a gin and tonic?" I say yes to the gin and tonic.

"With the storm like it is, would you mind staying for a little while? I don’t like being alone in this dark house. We can play cards until the storm eases." 

Cards - nice and safe I think , "Sounds great to me!"

As you bounce up from the couch to get the cards, I realize how great you look in your dress, the sway of your hips, hmmmm. My mind wanders….

"I only know how to play poker," you say as you break open the cards. 

"Fine by me," I answer "what should we play for?"

"Your clothes" you say with a wicked grin.

Gulp, what am I getting myself into? "Fine" I croak.

"Five card stud, nothing wild, except me" and with that you shuffle and deal the cards.

Nervously, I arrange my cards, no matter what I do, I still only have a pair of threes. I bet my left shoe. You smile, as you lay your cards on the table, a pair of queens, "What do you have big guy?" I lay down my threes and with that, my heart is pounding wildly. It is only a shoe and already I am breaking in to a sweat. I remove my shoe, dangling it from my fingertip as I try to appear confident. You giggle as swing it around my finger, and flip it away onto the living room floor. With the ice now broken, we resume the game. 

"Okay hot shot, deal" I say as the cards pile in front of me. I suppress my smile as I glimpse the corners of my cards. Aces and sixes, two pair! I have her this time! With a confident smile, I ask for one card, as you pull in three. Another six! A full house! You don’t look quite so happy. As you lay your cards down, I sneak a glance down the cleavage of your dress. I can see the outline of lace and hold that thought as my eyes return to the cards. "Nice pair" I say, as your two sevens sit open on the table. Laying the cards down from my hand, you smile as now it is your turn to remove something. You reach back behind you, stretching the material of your dress taught against your chest and slowly grab the tab of your zipper. My face must have registered the shock as I assumed you would save the dress for later. Giggling, you hold out your foot to me, and ask me to take your shoe off for you. You are one big tease… In turn, I slide my hands beyond the shoe, massaging your smoothly shaven calf muscle, taking my time to return to your foot and sliding your shoe off as my hands trace lines from calf to toe.

The next hand is no better for you, or maybe you just liked the way I removed your shoe. Once again, you stretched back to grab the zipper on your dress and once again, you switched to hold your foot out to me. Taking my time, I worked the massage deep into your calf, this time making sure I spent the time to truly relax your calf muscle. Small cooing sounds escaped your lips as you leaned back in pleasure. As I worked the muscles in you lower leg, I noticed that the hem of you dress had inched upward a few inches, showing me the muscles in your magnificent thighs! My heart is pounding!

You sigh as the massage ends and your shoe slides off in my hands. Keeping your foot in my lap, I think you want me to massage your toes, or do you want more? 

I push your foot out of my lap with a smile and deal the next hand of cards. I lose badly, and remove a sock with as much sex appeal as I can muster. You complain that one sock is not enough, so I stand and start to undo my belt. Inch my inch I slide the tip of the belt out of the brass clasp. Your eyes look hungry as it clears the clasp. Giggling, it is my turn to tease as I slide it back in, bend down and throw my other sock off onto my growing pile of clothes on the floor.

"You tease," is all that you can say, but I can tell that there is more on your mind. Grabbing the cards, you deal the next hands. Nervous, I look at my cards and then at your face. You radiate confidence and I wish that I can fake it as well. Bluffing has never my been strength. With nothing but junk in my hand, I better bluff a bit. 

"Hmmm," I say, " I really don’t need any cards, but I’ll take two for fun" With that, you deal me two more cards, taking three yourself. I look down but the king stands alone as the highes card in my hand, with nothing more to. 

"Should we make this interesting?" you ask, "The loser not only has to remove a piece of clothing, but also has to massage the winner for 5 minutes." 

"That sounds great to me," I say, hopefully not sounding too desperate. As I flip the cards over, I am amazed to see that I have won the hand! My king beat out your Queen! You were bluffing all along!

I wiggle my foot into your lap now, and you flash me a pout as you start working your fingers into the undersole of my foot, then moving form toe to toe, caressing each and every little piggy. I recline back as your hands slide up the opening of my slacks, to work the kinks out of my calf muscles. Hmmmm, it is now my turn to make cooing sounds… Just as I am comfortable in my reclined position, you announce "Time’s up" and push my foot high in the air, rocking me flat on my back. As I am about to make a big deal, I follow your eyes, realizing that they are staring at the bulge in my pants. Your hand extends out to me, offering me a hand up. I accept your hand and feel the warm moistness that covers your palm as you bring me back up to a sitting position. You look away with an awkward smile. 

"Hey," I call softly, you lost the hand and you need to take something off. Standing, you spin your back to me, and make a show of swinging your hips back and forth suggestively, then you spin around and hand me your necklace.

"No fair!" I cry. It has to be an article of clothing. 

"Wait - you never said that! You said I had to take something off!" And you are right, so I let you slide, but just this once.

The cards are dealt again and I lose again, this time removing my belt. 

"A belt is not clothing!" but you let me slide as I had just done with you. Now we are getting down to revealing skin. 

We both take a moment to sip our drinks, now our competitive juices are flowing, neither of us is going to quit. I wonder who will be the first to show real skin. The cards pile up, I look down and I have the beginnings of a flush. I go for it, taking two cards, but not even coming close. You win easily with a pair of sevens. I stand and take my time, knowing that this is where the fun really starts. I begin to dance to a rhythm in my head, gyrating my hips around, hoping it looks sexy, not silly. With my back to you, I start lowering my zipper, spinning briefly to give you a hint of what I am doing. Tooth by tooth the zipper comes down, I have my eyes half shut, but I can see that I have your full attention. As I move about the room, taking my time, your eyes are riveted to my hands as they descend downward, I move one hand away, and slide it in to the waistband of my pants, as my other opens the zipper like a flower. With my back to you, I start the slide of my pants downward.

"Nice butt" is whispered form your lips as the material clears my cheeks and slides to a puddle at my feet. I continue to dance with my back to you, and hope that my black briefs look sexy on me. I step out of my pants and hear your voice whisper

"Turn around" you plead and I obey. A soft whistle escapes your lips and our eyes meet. I can see the lust in them, feel the lust in the air. With my short black shirt on, there is no hiding that I too am excited by our game. I sink to the floor, sitting cross legged, my shirt just covering the tops of my thighs, my excitement. My heart I pounding rapidly. 

"Nice briefs" are the first words that I hear, and I smile. "if you want to stop right now, I understand," you say, but you don’t really mean. 

"I am okay with this if you are" and I deal the cards.

Finally, I get a good hand. I am not sure that I could hold it together if I lost again. You don’t know that I am holding three jacks on the deal, and you think my nervousness is due to a bad hand. 

"Let’s up the ante," you suggest, "loser has to do what he winner wants for 15 minutes"

"You are on" I return.

As the cards flip over, I can see the color drain from your face. You thought your two pair was a sure winner. But I don’t offer you an out. I need to see you. I want to see what you have under your dress. The new you. All of you. The body that goes with your glorious eyes. 

You rock forward as you stand up and once again I glimpse the lace beneath your dress. In anticipation I wonder what will come off next. You look straight into my eyes as you reach back and unzip your dress, then, with a shrug, let it fall to the floor. Never do your eyes leave mine. In my peripheral vision I see the outlines of your lace, your tan lines, your cleavage. You step back across from me, and sink to the floor, like me you sit cross legged and for the first time my eyes break to take in your body. Slowly, I devour you with my gaze, your neck, the muscles in your arms, the outline of your breasts, under the black lace of your bra, down your stomach to thighs, where the material is stretched tight from your cross legged position.

As my look back up, you are smiling - "like what you see?" you ask.

"Yes, very much so"

"Good, lets play" and with that you start dealing the cards.

"Wait a minute, what about the rest of the bet? The part where the loser has to do what the winner asks for 15 minutes?" 

"What do you want me to do?" you ask, breathless and nervous.

"Turn to the side and lay down on your back and close your eyes" As you reposition yourself, I slide closer to you so that we are almost touching.

"What do I have to do?" you ask

"Nothing, just lie there. I want to take the time of devouring your body with my eyes." And for the next 15 minutes, I stare at your body, noticing every freckle, birthmark, and wrinkle. I watch as your chest raises and lowers with your breath. As your pulse quickens in the veins of your neck. Sometimes, my face is inches form your body, but never touching. You feel my breath tickle you, warm you.

"Times up," I say, and you open your eyes. My face is over yours. And I lean forward to softly kiss your lips.

"That was incredible" we both say in unison and I am not sure we can finish the game.

"Let’s go, my deal," you say as you sit up and pull the cards to you. Distracted, I play poorly, quickly losing my hand, and my shirt. Standing, I turn my back to you, pull my shirt over my head and turn back. Your eyes travel the length of my body, returning to my eyes. Smiling, your tell me that I look like a body builder.

"You are a great liar," I say, but appreciate the compliment. Pose for me you say, and I go through a series of body building poses, not really knowing what I am doing, but feeling good to be appreciated.

I sit back down, cross legged, knowing full well that very little is being left to your imagination. I am full erect, just barely inside the confines of my briefs. I can tell that I have a wet spot, but from the looks of the from of your panties, you may have one too.

With out a word, I deal the cards, and this time, it is you who is distracted. Your hand is quickly played, and now you must decide, is it your bra or panties. 

"Come here, help me would you?" you ask as I slide behind you to unclasp your bra. Arching your shoulders away form me, your strap fall forward and you turn to me, holding the cups in place, one last moment of modesty. I reach our and touch your hands, reassuring you and together, your hands pull the bra away, cold air hits your naked flesh and I gasp at their beauty. Perfect in size, they are suspended in air, nipples erect and pointing outward. 

"Holy cow" I stare in amazement. 

"Not what I want to hear at the moment," you say with a smile, "but I will take that as a compliment" 

I stammer "No, I mean they are beautiful, oh my god I never knew how great you look!" 

"Thanks," and with that, you lean forward and kiss me on the lips, a hungry kiss. All I can feel are your lips on mine, but all remember is how your breasts swung forward as you came to kiss me. 

"Last hand" you call as you sit back and deal the cards. 

As luck would have it, I pull three of a kind. I smile. You to must have a good hand, because you want to up the ante. 

"Loser has to do the winners bidding for 30 minutes," you say as you stare into my eyes.

I draw a pair, giving me a full house. 

"Let’s up that to 60 minutes" I suggest.

"Deal" and with that, we flip our cards over. One by one, I reveal my full house to you as your face falls. Smiling, I think about how to fill the next 60 minutes. As I start to move the cards away, you say, wait a second, you haven’t seen my hand. A lump forms in my throat, as you turn over a full-house, aces over queens, cleanly beating my hand.

"Hmmm, seems like I have some time on my hands," you tease, "let’s start your time with another dance, this time, I am picking the music. And with that, you start humming a strip tease tune. "Off with the briefs there big guy" and I take my time, sliding my fingers into the waistband of my briefs, flashing you a peak now and then. I step closer to you then, modestly turn my back. Sliding the briefs down, I feel your hand touch my thigh and I quiver. As my briefs hit the floor, I turn back to you, covering myself as best I can. 

With a few more hip gyrations, it is now time to give you what we have played so long for, to let you have your prize. Finger by finger, I unwrap my hands from myself. I glance up to you and realize that you are completely mesmerized. Your eyes are watching my fingers intently, waiting and watching for the slightest movement. My hands slide up and down my erection, spreading my pre-cum around my shaft until it glistens. 

"Yes, more" you whisper, encouraging me to continue. As I close my eyes, the only sounds in the room are my heavy breathing, your raspy breathing and the sound that my hands are making as they pump my shaft. After many minutes of slow stroking, my eyes open. Your eyes have not left me, wide they watch as the veins in my shaft, blue from engorgement strain against my glistening skin. I realize that your panties are now gone and you are touching yourself in rhythm with me. 

"Lie down," you say and I obey. "It is my turn now" and you take my hands away from my shaft, and place them by my side. Flat on my back, naked, I am vulnerable to you. Minutes go by, my eyes are closed the entire time in anticipation. It is your turn to visually explore my body. I can feel your breath on me, my neck, my sensitive earlobes, my nipples. Across my stomach, I can feel you move, and skipping the obvious, you slide down my legs, back to the calves you had massaged earlier in the evening. 

You return up my legs, and ask me to spread them wider. My balls, heavy and covered in a blonde fur, fall open to your gaze. I can feel your hot breath as you open your mouth and breath warmly on my shaft. Up and down in slow motion, never touching me, only hinting of what may come. Pausing at the tip, you break your pattern and reach out with your tongue, catching a drop of cum on its tip. 

Moaning, I almost cum on the spot. "hold it big boy, its my 60 minutes," and with that announcement, you roll off on your back and smile. I need no other encouragement as I start wit your toes, then calves then thighs. Your legs spread wide for me and your roll your hips, opening the petals of your womanhood for me to discover. Wasting no time, I spread your lips with my tongue. Engorged and covered in your juice, your clit lays open waiting for my touch. As the tip of my tongue slides up the crevice of your lips and circle your clitoris, your jump and scream in orgasm. Wave after wave hits you, as you grab my head with your hands and force my face hard against you, crushing me to your pelvic bone. My mouth encircles your clit, not touching, but hot breath keeps the waves of your orgasm rolling in.

"Fuck me" is all you can say.

I slide up on top of you, pulling your feet high in the air on my shoulders so that I can have the deepest penetration possible. We are too far gone for niceties and I plunge into you, my purple tip sliding deep, splitting you open, until our pelvis come rest against one another. You grab hold of my butt and grind me deep, then push me away, signaling me to thrust again. And again. I pound into you, my balls slapping against you, your breasts wildly shaking as you absorb the impact of my thrusts. 
