 This week was so crazy stressful I've done nothing but work, mainline coffee, and have my thoughts invaded by a recurring fantasy about giving you a full body massage. I guess my brain keeps trying to hijack me to my happy place.

I'd light some candles and lay some fluffy bath sheets on the bed, help you undress...once you're naked you lie face down on the sheets your head on a pillow and close your eyes...

Some would have soft music playing, but I wouldn't...I want to hear any sigh or moan that escapes your lips and I want to hear the sound of my oiled hands on your skin. I want to hear the changes in your breathing.

If you wanted a scented oil I'd use whatever you'd enjoy. But unless you really want it I'd go with unscented because I love the smell of your skin, I'd hate to mask that. That perceptible only on a subconscious level of the change is our natural scents based on our state of arousal is fascinating to me. That's probably why I want to bury my face in your neck, your chest, your hair...breathe you in.

That's where I'd start...with your hair. While my hands are still dry I'd stand behind you and give you a slow scalp massage. Effleurage, slow circles with the tips of my fingers, varying degrees of pressure covering every inch of your scalp from your hairline to the bottom of your occiput, my hands in your soft hair. Rub your temples, paying special attention to behind your ears...then tracing your ears with my fingertips, massaging them...cupping them in my hands...whispering into one ear how handsome you are and how much I love your body... and into the other to ask you relax and focus on nothing except what you're feeling. More effleurage and some gentle scratching on your scalp before I move to your neck and shoulders...

I'd warm the oil and test it on my inner arm to make sure it's the perfect temp...drizzle it on your shoulders and upper back between your shoulder blades...as always starting with effleurage to warm up your skin and gets you used to my touch...running my fingers over your muscles feeling where you have tightness and tension ...same to your scapula...massaging more firmly from your shoulders... outside of your upper arms...neck and back working all the tension out for you.

I'm completely focused on you, your body, your responses...make me so happy.

Moving down to your mid back...effleurage, firmer pressure...I wonder if you can feel in my touch how much I want you. How much I love touching you. I'm not being overtly sexual but my attraction for you is obvious in how deliberate my attention is.

Now to your lower back and hips...the lower back is where many people hold emotional stress and I can feel how tight you are. I rewarm the oil and work the muscles of your lower back until they're loose - with my finger tips, palm, side of my fist...increasing pressure slowly so I can work deeper into your muscles without pain... and you feel a release of tension you didn't even know you had...

I drizzle more oil across the whole of your back and lightly coat your skin so when I place two fingers of each hand two inches on either side of your spine and with fairly firm pressure run in fluid smooth movements from the base of your spine the top...moving more quickly with each pass.

In acupressure two inches from either side of your spine is your sexual pressure point. Stimulating these pathways is supposed to awaken arousal and increase sexual response. Granted, we don't need assistance in this area, but I'd love to test the theory. 

I'd love to test any theory that requires me to touch your naked body.

I wonder if you'd be completely relaxed at this point...possibly drifting off to sleep...or if you'd just be enjoying it as a non-sexual massage, as if you were getting a sports massage at the gym...or if you'd be enjoying the relaxing aspect with an undercurrent of arousal...staying focused on what I'm doing yet unable to keep yourself from anticipating what I might do when I get to the more intimate parts of your body. If maybe when I get there I'd touch you in ways no clinical massage therapist would dare without risking their license.

I think about that so often. Not that I'm not aching for you to touch me, because I am. But I love the idea of both of us being solely focused on whatever part of your body I'm touching at the moment ...incredibly concentrated attention. This is all about you...

I believe I was working my way down from your lower back...I warmed the oil again. As you feel it land on the skin across your ass...running down the sides of your hips, to the tops of your thighs...between the cheeks of your ass running down to the back of your balls...

You don't say anything but I can feel an almost imperceptible clenching and your breathing slightly more shallow. I don't ever want to make you uncomfortable so keep my hands on the sides of your hips and ask if you're okay ...if you want me to stop? You say "don't stop" with a catch in your voice that I know means you're feeling more than just relaxed. I start massaging the sides of your hips before moving to your lower back and revisiting that for a few strokes before lightly running my fingers over your ass. Lightly at first with just my fingertips, gradually more pressure and you start to relax as I massage more firmly, both of my hands grabbing your ass firmly, methodically, rising up a little in response...changing my touch I take my left hand and lightly run my nails over each cheek leaving not one inch of skin neglected...you gasp sharply as you feel the fingers on my right hand lightly massing the dripped oil into your balls. Your skin soaking up the oil as it had elsewhere but the feelings aren't as relaxing ...it's hard to be relaxed with jolts of pleasure from my slippery fingers gliding over your balls and now incredibly sensitive ass. As electricity running from my fingers through your skin...even though I haven't touched and can't even reach your cock you can feel referred pleasure rushing through it as you start to harden.

Your breathing has changed noticeably...no longer deep and relaxed but more shallow and faster...I take a second to place my fingers on your neck and you can't see my smile when I find your pulse and see how your heart is beating faster...

As much as I love massaging your body, right now it's hard to be patient. My nipples hardening and pussy getting so wet my body is craving you. I don't need more oil, but I get some anyway because it means leaning up from between your legs and pushing my breasts against your ass ...the pressure feels so good but I need more so just a few seconds of pleasure is more like torture to stop so quickly.

I lay my hands on the inside of each of your thighs...pushing your legs apart a little bit more...the additional oil warm and slippery running over your ass again...my fingers once again gliding over your skin ...this time following the trail of dripping oil with my finger between your ass cheeks...softly rubbing the oil between them and following with another finger so I'm just working the warm oil between the cheeks of your amazing ass from the top down to your balls...your body is tense but before I can ask if you want me to stop you let out a guttural moan, quiet but louder than before.

Maybe you feel conflicted because it feels so good and there is something so exciting about allowing yourself to be open and allowing me to attend to every single inch of your body...but there is a tension to new vulnerability and unfamiliar sources of pleasure...and being acutely aware of being so exposed. That tension heightening the physical pleasure by orders of magnitude surprises you.

I love that you didn't stop me...sliding my slippery fingers between your ass cheeks until your body starts to relax again and I can feel you give in to the sensation is so hot I don't want to stop. I didn't even realize I'd shifted position to straddle your right leg until I was aching to drop from my knees to grind against you.

But I control myself and continue your massage...

It's unspoken but the palpable sexual energy radiating from us in unison is impossible to ignore.

That our sexual intensity together is so much greater than the sum of ours individually is amazing. It's like some physical/mental infinite recursion instance where we feed off each other's desire and pleasure until it builds into something vastly beyond anything either of us could reach on our own.

I continue down your body my hands still covered in oil slide into the junction of your thighs and ass...in between your legs...I liberally sprinkle more warm oil over the backs of your thighs down to your knees...I start on the outside of your thighs with my by now familiar pattern of effleurage...fingertips, palms of my hands...gradually increasing pressure...deeply massaging the outer and back of your thighs...shifting to lighter pressure alternating with softer strokes on your sensitive inner thighs. I can't resist massaging your balls again ...tracing a path with the tip of my finger from the base of your scrotum up to your ass...I'm trying to keep this to just a massage at this point but I can't help it...you feel my long hair tickle the back of your legs as I lean down to kiss the insides of your thighs...first with my lips then with my open mouth, sucking lightly and flicking my tongue against your oh so sensitive skin...as I lick and kiss my way upwards you smile as you finally realize why I wanted to use coconut oil and nothing perfumed because I wanted something that wouldn't interfere with the taste of your skin.

As I'm about to push your legs further apart much to my delight you do it instinctively...giving me more access to your body. The top of my head and my soft hair grazing across your ass as I cover your balls with kisses, licking, you can hear the wet sounds of my open mouth on your balls...your breathing is harder and you rise up hoping I'll reach under and grab your throbbing cock and it takes all the will power I have not to do just that...

But I love your need so much...I want to tease you until you're beyond hinting at needing more...until you're in such a state of hyper arousal...your need for me so great you take charge and take me...while giving me what you know I need so badly.

While you're trying to maintain control and try to focus on the pleasures of my mouth as sensations in their own right letting things progress...on your ass...kisses, again first soft and chaste...if my lying on you to cover your naked ass with kisses could ever be considered chaste...then open mouthed...my tongue, sucking you.. surprising you with my teeth...it's not painful but covering your ass with gentle play biting alternating with flicks of my eager tongue... while my oil covered fingers once again travel from your aching balls to disappearing deftly between your ass cheeks working the warm oil and the perfect pressure and speed of my fingers everywhere...

you're moaning now and moving your hips to actively grind against the bed trying to get some friction on your now throbbing cock. I stop what I'm doing and don't say a word as I place my hands on your hips holding you still.

There is no force, you could have kept grinding...but your need to see how this plays out while enjoying the ministrations of my hands...mouth...on you is stronger than your pressing need for friction on your aching cock.

For now.

As much as I love slowly exploring your body and taking my time, there is no doubt I was thorough but not lingering over the backs of your knees, calves...bottoms of your feet.

Did you know the nervous system is laid out so the part of our brain that processes physical sensation from our feet is adjacent to the area of genital sensation? That's why some people find feet to be particularly sexual, and some can even orgasm from having their feet touched alone?

I'm not one of those people...foot massages are insanely pleasurable but not in a sexual way...but if already aroused where every touch fuels that even in non traditional erogenous zones I wonder if it would be sexual in that state? I muse about this as I rub your feet working in between your toes...releasing any knots or tension...reflexology is woo but the techniques look like they feel good so I work your feet until I can't stand it anymore...I know as soon as I'm done you'll turn over and I'll have access to your cock which I know is so hard for me already...

I begin to ask you to turn over but you've flipped on your back before I finished the sentence. Nothing relaxed about you at this point...

I know if I had control I'd make you wait...make us wait...and continue to work my way up from your feet...legs but I can't...

I'm frozen for a second staring at your throbbing cock and the precum gushing under my gaze and you have no idea what I have in mind, but have no intention of waiting anymore.

You're legs are open knees slightly bent, "Come here. Your mouth. Now."

It wasn't a request...you're clearly taking control...but there's something else. Something besides affectionate dominance in your voice...an audible need, almost a plea...in your voice.

I process this all on some subconscious level because I'm helpless to do anything but suck your cock. I move up between your legs and wrap my lips around the head of your cock as you sink your fingers deep into my hair. Guiding my head on your cock...guiding me to suck your swollen head surging precum into my mouth, then deeper until your shaft is buried deep in my mouth...sucking you while sliding my mouth up and down your shaft ...your hands in my hair, you moaning my name in pleasure...you consider letting me continue until you come in my mouth...sucking the cum out of your cock as your unload almost faster than I can swallow...

But you look past your cock in my mouth for a second and notice that I'm on my knees bent forward so my ass is in the air. You know me so well you don't need to see to know that my tight wet cunt is twitching with need.

You gently guide my mouth off your cock and spend a second stroking my hair and cupping my face in your hand running your thumb over my bottom lip. I love the way you look at me...it leaves me no doubt that you want me.

You get up and move swiftly behind me - your raging cock still soaking wet from my mouth...I attempt to follow you off the bed, but "don't you dare move" keeps me where I am and knowing what this means floods my pussy...and I didn't think I could get wetter.

Behind me as you yank my panties down maybe you want to lick my pussy from behind like this...finger me until I'm begging like I teased you but neither of those things are going to happen this time as you spread my legs position yourself between them and with one hard thrust bury your cock inside me. You can feel my pussy stretching to take all of you so fast...I'm squirming beneath you my ass wiggling as I open up to take you deeper...your fucking me so hard and I'm so wet you slip all the way out a few times and have to shove back in just as quickly...a primal need to be inside me...make my pussy yours...

I think you love how badly I need you. I think you love seeing what you do to my body, hear my uncontrolled moaning as you fuck me...my instinctive positioning to offer myself to you...

I think you probably love looking down and watching as you fuck me. Maybe watching your cock slide in and out of my swollen pussy makes it even hotter for you? Maybe you'd close your eyes and relive it another time when you were alone so you could come to the mental image?

I'm getting so close and you can feel it...you can't hold off any longer...I want to come so badly but I need to come for you...I need you to want me to.

Your hands gripping my ass even harder, "Baby, come for me. NOW!" is all I need and I explode as the most intense pleasure overwhelms me...as I come my pussy grips your cock even tighter as I push my ass harder against you to take you as deep as possible which is more than you can stand...

I bet there isn't one thing in your head at that moment except flooding my cunt with your cum ...taking what's yours while you simultaneously give me what's mine. But you're not thinking that in words...just a primal feeling as you continue thrusting until you're spent and I've taken everything you have.

I guess I'm not as patient as I thought - I still owe you half a massage.