 After a long day at the of teaching College Algebra, I was busy grading homework. It was early in the semester, and there were many mistakes among the papers, but I decided to go easy on them.

I was almost done when one of my students, Linsey Parker, walked into my office. She was a brunette with some really nice tits, I'd say at least a C-cup. Her hair was curly and she usually wore it at shoulder length, but today she wore it up in pig-tails, kinda got me wondering what was up. But I thought I was assuming too much. She shut the door behind her and walked up to my desk.

"Mr. Canute," she whimpered, "I'm having some difficulty with a problem." She shifted her weight a little. "Could you help me?"

Her face was slightly nervous, and I knew why. Most of the Math teachers at this college were assholes who didn't help their students at all. This made the Math Learning Center full at all hours of the day, leaving little room for one-on-one assistance. I had no girlfriend, and most of my friends were still working at Three in the afternoon, so I typically stay and grade papers and see if any of my students needed help.

I nodded and cleared my desk. I moved the piles of homework on to the floor next to my chair. When I turned back to her, her paper was on my desk facing me. She was leaning over my desk, allowing her cleavage to be practically exposed from her shirt. Thank goodness her tie was covering most of it up.

I did my best to avoid looking at it as I explained the problem to her. As she nodded, she would move her tie with her neck, exposing even more of her cleavage. I glanced at it again and paused. Being fresh out of college with a Masters Degree, I've had my fair share of sexual experiences. One night I asked a teacher in her fourties for some extra credit. We ended up having sex multiple times and she gave me an A for the entire class. Too bad she was not a teacher in my major.

Anyway, here I am looking down the shirt of one of my students, my cock getting harder by the second. She glances down at her slightly exposed chest, then looks back at me. With a wry smile, she asked "You like what you see?"

"Huh?" I asked as I looked back at her with a dumbfounded expression.

She looked back down at her shirt and lifted her hands to her breasts. She cupped them and looked back at me. "You were looking at these, weren't you?"

I was at a loss for words. All I could do was stammar, not really getting anything out.

She smiled again and slowly walked around the desk to me. I gulped.

"I didn't just come here for some assitance with homework," she said quietly. She noticed my bulge, reached down and grasped it. "I have been somewhat deprived lately."

I nervously looked at her as she massaged my member through my pants. "I was wondering if you could help me out."

I could only watch as she kneeled down in front of me and unzipped my pants. She reached in with her right hand and freed my 5 and a half inch cock from my boxers.

She studied it long amd hard, slowly stroking it while doing so. "If only some people could study math like you're studying that right now," I joked.

She laughed and said, "This is more interesting, though," and took my cock into her mouth.

I groaned loudly as she had completely engorged my cock into her mouth. She slowly bobbed her head up and down a few times and released it.

She looked up at me, smiled and said "Looks like you've been deprived, too."

I groaned and said "You have no idea."

I had resisted slightly to what she was doing. Considering Student-Teacher relationships are quite taboo, they are quite erotic at the same time. It was at that point that I threw my conscience out the window.

I reached down and grasped the back of her head and pulled her up to me. Our lips met and we began to kiss passionately. She moaned with the unexpected action but quickly accepted it.

I reached down and groped her left breast. She moaned softly into my lips. After a few moments of groping, I moved my hand down to her crotch. I was quite suprised by what I found.

We broke our kiss and I said "You're not wearing any panties"

"You don't have a problem with it, do you?" Linsey grinned at me.

I shrugged and said "Lay on the desk."

She obliged and layed on the desk, spreading her legs slightly.

Instead of going straight for the sweet spot, I decided to tease her a little bit. I started to unbutton the bottom of her shirt. As her belly was exposed, I started to kiss it. As I did that, I would undo the next button and kissed her newly exposed skin. She moaned softly and said "Ooo, that feels good." Eventually, I made my way up to her breasts. I decided to skip over them and slowly kiss all the way up to her lips. Once our lips locked, I grabbed a hold of her tie and pulled her into a sitting position. She took her top off and tossed it over by the door.

I reached around and undid her bra. I pulled back and her arms set her shoulder straps free. I tossed the bra behind me and bent to her tits. I've seen several racks before, but these were the best I've seen by far. Full, soft, and pert. Just the way I like them. Most guys would just take the nipple in their mouth and just start sucking as hard as they can. I on the other hand like to take a very different approach.

I begin to lick the bottom of her left breast, then circled around the outside of it. Her hand reached up and grasped the back of my head. Once I completed the circle, I began to slowly spiral inward towards the nipple. I took four laps around the breast before I finally reached the nipple. Once I reached it, I licked the tip of it. Then I took it into my mouth and began to suck on it. This caused her to moan a little more and her grasp on my head tightened a little bit. I let go of the left tit and reverse the process on the right breast. This gets her moaning quite loudly.

I didn't know if any of the other teachers were in their offices, but at that point, I didn't really care. I was too engrossed in the luscious body in front of me.

After finishing up with the right breast, I slowly began to lick my way down to her vagina. She figitted a little as I ran my tongue over her stomach. I approached her vagina and stopped just above the clit. I looked up at her and said "Would you like me to lick your pussy?" She nodded her head, moaned and said "Yes. Please lick my cunt."

I didn't need any further encouragement, but that didn't mean that I was going to go right for the sweet spot. Oh no, for asking for sex from a teacher, he was going to get his money's worth.

I put my fingers along the pussy lips, and pulled them apart. I gazed upon the pinkness of her pussy and licked my lips then moved in on the bottom of her labia. I stuck my tongue out and slowly licked my way up to her clit. She moaned loudly as I repeated the action, this time with a little quicker pace. After the tenth trip up her pussy, I stopped at the clit and began to play with it with my tongue. I removed my right hand from it's position along her pussy lips and inserted my index finger into her slit. She clenched the back of my head and moaned again.

I thrusted my finger in her pussy for about a minute before adding a second finger. I began to thrust them in her pussy. After about a dozen strokes I began to angle my fingers upward, and curled them towards me. I found a little bump at the top of her pussy. She gasped and arched her back as I massaged it. Her hand clenched on the back of my head again. I found her G-spot. Fluids came rushing out and she began to shake. "It must have been a strong orgasm," I thought.

"Oh god," she gasped. "I never expected that to happen so fast." She panted as she tried to catch her breath. She shook a little bit as aftershocks of her orgasm overtook her body.

I stood up and undid my pants. My five inch cock bounced proudly, fully erect and finally free of it's prison. Linsey looked at the cock, and then looked up at me.

"You want to be fucked, right?" I said.

"Oh, yes," She panted.

I opened a drawer in front of me, reached in and grabbed a little square package with a cricled bulge. I handed it to her and said. "Put it on."

She grinned up at me as she took it and rushed to open the package. She took the condom and placed it over the tip of my cock, and rolled it on. Since it was a lubbed condom, I didn't need a headjob to enter her pussy. I simply grabbed her legs at the knees and rolled her back onto the table.

I positioned my trobbing rod at the enterence to her pussy. I grinned as I said, "Knock, knock. I'm coming in," and thrusted forward.

Linsey moaned at the feeling of my pulsing cock inside her. "Come on, baby," she moaned. "Fuck me hard."

I grinned as I slowly pumped myself back and forth, ignoring her for a bit to get her wound up for the main event. I gradually picked up speed, and she began to writhe with pleasure. 

The wet sound of my cock thrusting in and out of her pussy coupled with the slapping of our skin echoed throughout the room. The louder she moaned, the faster and harder I plunged into her.

I suddenly stopped and said "stand up and turn around."

She obliged. She grinned widely as she turned around. She leaned against the desk, presenting me with a clear view of her ass. It was a fine sight, but I'm not really into anal sex. I much prefer the wetness of a woman's vagina over anything else.

I positioned myself behind her, grasped my cock and directed it into her pussy from behind. "Oh god, yes," she moaned as I entered her again.

I grasped her hips and started to move my own forward into her as I pulled her back into me. "Oh god" she gasped repeatedly. I began to buck faster.

"Mmmm, yes," she cried. "Fuck me!"

I groaned as I fucked her faster and faster, harder and harder. I stopped again and ordered her to get on the floor on all fours.

She did so, with my cock still in her pussy. I started fucking her doggie style now. This time, I didn't start slowly. I had become primal. As I fucked her in my office, I made animal like grunts. This seemed to turn her on even more as she met each stroke, moaning "oh yea" as I grunted.

Eventually I picked up even more speed. She sound of our skin slapping together nearly sounded like a helicopter approaching. She exhaled an extended "Fuck" as I rammed her from behind. I slowed down abruptly and stopped for a moment. She must have came again, because her body was bucking into me involuntarily. I could feel her pussy lips pulsating against my cock. "Oh god," she panted. "You're amazing!"

I leaned in and kissed her left ear. "That may be," I whispered. "But I have yet to release, myself."

"Where would you like it?" she asked in a husky voice.

It only took a secong to decide. "I want to cum in your mouth."

She grinned sexily at me and eased me back into my chair. She removed the condom and licked the bottom of my cock. The she took it in her mouth. The way she sucked me off felt so good. So much suction. My eyes seemed to roll into the back of my head. I closed my eyes and felt her bob her head up and down. I felt my balls churn as she sucked. I placed my hand on the back of her head and rested it there while she sucked harder and harder, urging me to cum.

Finally, I came. Like a volcano spitting lava out of it's peak, jet after jet of cum squirted into her mouth. I groaned and held Linsey's head in place as I shot into her mouth. She moaned as my hot fluids shot into her. I could feel her gulp down my load as I continued to cum.

After about nine shots, I finally stopped and my cock went limp.

She smacked her lips, then stood up and gave me a peck on the cheek. "Thanks," she said softly. "We both needed that."

She gathered her clothes and started to get dressed again. I watched her dress, replaying the entire scene in my mind. She had buttoned up her top, looked at me and said, "Maybe sometime I'll stop by for seconds." She smiled at me and walked out the door. 

"Seconds?" I thought. "I still have to figure out whether the first is actually real!"