 She received the text message in the middle of her meeting. She knew it was coming but she had no idea when or what it would say. Lilly was so excited that this was going to finally happen. A few weeks earlier, when she first discovered the web site, she signed up with the intention of looking at and reading about other peoples fantasies. The thought of meeting someone and having the opportunity to explore her own hidden desires felt very surreal, but wasn't that part of it. Yes, she smiled to herself, it was.

Lilly opened her phone and quickly glanced at it. She couldn't wait until she was alone. It felt naughty somehow reading something so private in such a professional setting.

All the message said was, "3:45pm. My Place. Do NOT be late."

That was all it took for her nipples to tighten and a line of heat to travel to her already wet pussy. "This was going to be a long day," she thought as she shifted in her seat uncrossing and re-crossing her legs. The rest of the day the scenarios played through Lilly's mind. She wondered if anyone noticed that she was so preoccupied. By 3:00 Lilly felt like if she didn't get some release, and soon, she would explode.

A little later, she was unlocking the door of her car and sliding into the driver's seat. As she slid the key into the ignition she noticed her hands were shaking. Was she really that scared? Or was it the excitement and anticipation? It was probably a lot of both. There was that searing heat shooting through her body again. By that point her panties were so wet they were bothering her. "What the hell," she thought as she lifted her skirt and slid the panties down her legs. The coolness of the air felt incredible against her exposed skin. She decided that she needed to cool down some before she arrived or she would be begging for his cock to fill her as soon as she walked in the door. She wanted this experience to last. There was also the little voice telling her that she was asking too much from him. She had never had a sexual experience be completely about her.

He had told her many times that he enjoyed pleasing women and was aroused by showing a woman how to enjoy new things. He assured her that this was something he thought about as well, having complete control and free reign over her pleasure and her body. "Let it all go," was what he had instructed her to do on the few occasions they had met. So as she got out of her car she did just that.

When she approached his door, she noticed a note. Did something happen? Was he canceling? The note had her name on it; she opened it and read, "No I am not canceling..." She laughed, how did he do that? He always seemed to know what she was thinking. Lilly continued reading, "Take a deep breathe and come inside. Take your jacket off and hang it up. Go to my room, undress completely and lay on the bed on your stomach. I will be with you shortly. Alex"

Lilly was a good girl and did exactly what the note said. As she crossed the threshold, she could smell him. The clean masculine scent that always filled his apartment and clung to his skin surrounded and welcomed her. She finally let go and was able to let herself be in the moment. She hung her coat up and walked to the bedroom. The room was filled with the light of the late afternoon. She sat on the bed and took her heels off. She kneeled on the bed and went over to the window to close the blinds when she heard Alex say, "Don't you dare." He was standing in the doorway with a playful scowl on his face. Taken by surprise, all Lilly could do was sit down on the bed.

"I want to see you and I want the people in the offices across the street to see you. Now finish undressing." His tone was low and forceful. Lilly went back to the edge of the bed where Alex was now standing and leaned in to give him a hello kiss. His fingers went to her hair. He tangled them in the long silky strands, closed them in his fist, and pulled. Lilly's eyes flew opened, he was looking at her. She saw something that both excited and terrified her in his eyes then.

"I told you to finish undressing."

He released her and backed away so she could stand and remove her skirt, top, and bra. "Okay, now what would you like me to do?" Lilly said softly. He stepped toward her, gave her a light push so she fell back on the bed, and told her not to say another word; he would be the only one talking from now on. He lifted her knees so she could put her feet on the bed, and then pushed her legs apart until her knees were touching the bed. "Now I will have to teach you a lesson."

Lilly's pussy quivered with anticipation, her juices now dripping from her opening. She had no idea what was coming but she knew she soon would. Alex placed his palm on her belly and found her swollen clit with his thumb. She lifted her head to watch what he was doing to her and as her body began to shake; her legs started closing by themselves. Again he got that very angry look in his eyes and said, "This is not going to work. Do you have no control over your own body?" He walked out of the room with no warning. 

Lilly was shocked, wasn't she supposed to let herself enjoy his touch. Why was he angry with her again? Maybe she should get dressed and leave before this turned embarrassing. As she reached for her bra, he came back in the room holding several ties. 

"Where do you think your going?"

"Home." She whimpered

"I won't let you," he growled at her.

"Please, I..." before she could finish she was in his arms. He was gently stroking her hair and saying a soft 'shhh' in her ear. 

"Maybe we misunderstood each other. I don't think I can do this."

"Before you run out of here, let's talk for a minute. No, don't get dressed just yet, just sit. Tell me what you did not like."

"You were so angry with me, I do not think I was doing things right."

"What is right?"

"I don't know. I have never done this before. I just thought you were mad or disappointed with me."

Alex stood, unbuttoned his pants, and let them fall to the floor. He took Lilly's hand and placed it inside his boxer shorts. "If I were mad or disappointed, would you have been able to do this to me?" She shook her head no as he moved her palm up and down his rock hard erection.

"You are also very turned on. I could see the juices dripping from you beautiful pussy..."

"...I want this to be what you want and to not worry about me. I thought I said that before. So, maybe we need a safe word. You say it and I will stop; no matter what. Okay?"

"Okay." She said and decided on tulip as the safe word. She was so relieved.

"Now, lay across my legs, I have to give you a well deserved spanking for making me wait to play with you."

Lilly lay across his lap as he instructed with every slap he landed on her ass, she felt his cock rise and fall against her belly. When he was done he told her to lie on her back. He took out the ties and slowly tied her legs and arms to the bed. Then he tied one over her eyes. Lilly had never felt so vulnerable in her life but, she was no longer worried.

"The first thing we need to do is make you come so I can take my time with you." Before he finished what he was saying, he inserted two fingers inside her. With the other hand he rubbed and played with her clit. He was not slow or gentle he furiously pumped his fingers in and out of her. When he felt her begin to shake he pulled his fingers all the way out and asked her if she was ready to come. "You can scream if you want." She could feel him lay down between her legs. Then he inserted two fingers again and she let out a slow groan. He added another finger. Just when she thought she was in ecstasy and ready to come she felt his tongue flick over her clit and just as she began to feel the wave wash over her, he sucked her sensitive little nub into his mouth. She arched her back and screamed but he kept sucking and pumping his fingers in and out of her; harder and faster than before. When he heard the hoarseness in her voice, he slowly brought her back down.

He stayed next to her restrained spent body gently tracing fingers up and down while he described in detail the things he would do to her over the next few hours. Lilly lay there listening, wondering how each thing would feel, when he mentioned ice cubes and watching the melted water drip out of her. She felt the heat again and wondered how long she could last in a fantasy of her own making.