 Everyone has fantasies - some they know they know will never happen but enjoy thinking about and some they would really like to have happen... and then there's some that you never know you had until it comes up. 

Kera and I had been together for about 6 months - we'd met through a mutual friend and while we didn't become an immediate couple, we totally enjoyed each others company and it eventually grew from there. 

Looking back, I think our friends knew we were going to be a couple before we did. We'd go out together - dancing, the beach, bike riding or just hang out together and watch and old movie or two. We'd both been married & divorced with kids now out of the house so I think we were quite happy to have someone we enjoyed being with as much or more than the idea of being a couple. 

Eventually even we realized there was an attraction and became a 'couple' - from there things had heated up quickly from our initial kisses (which were really hot) to making out and some light touching but Kera seemed a bit hesitant to go further and I didn't want to push so I figured I'd let her decide when to go further.

That 'further' happened a week or so later when Kera was over and we were watching a movie - or at least trying to. It was the usual thing of I wanted to watch an action movie and she wanted to watch something with more 'meaning'. Net result was we were playfully fighting (and getting a few gropes at the same time) over the remote and switching between what each of us wanted to watch. I'm still not sure exactly how it happened but during one of our 'grab the remote and change the channel' sessions, the input got changed from satellite to DVD and I'd forgotten that I'd been watching some porn the night before - that is until the screen filled with the paused image of a woman riding a guy's face (something I totally loved being on the receiving end of). 

I tried to grab the changer back but Kera said it looked more interesting than what either of us had been trying to watch and hit the play button. I couldn't come up with a quick reason as to why not so we ended up watching the porn for a bit, neither of us saying anything to the other. It didn't take long for me to get aroused and eventually Kera turned to me and said "so, do you just like watching a woman get oral or do you like to do it as well?"

I had a really strong feeling from the way she said it that she was aroused too. I was trying to come up with a reasonable response that wouldn't sound like I was hitting on her when she continued with, "I love a guy going down on me but unfortunately all I seem to find are guys who like getting it but aren't willing to give it. 

Ok, that was an easy one to answer, 'Oh I LOVE giving it...in fact if I had to choose between getting or giving oral I'd pick giving."

Up to that point, I'd say her face was a mix of arousal and hesitation but as soon as I said I loved giving, all the hesitation went away.

"Oh wow...finally! I know I've been a bit 'reserved' but sex was one of the things that caused my ex and I to split and I've been enjoying myself so much with you that I didn't want to go too far and find out that sex was going to be a problem between us as well. He liked what I would call 'basic' sex - get me wet, him on top, pump til he came and done. He'd occasionally let me give him oral but wouldn't even consider giving me any nor did he like any other positions."

"Then I think we should be just fine...cause I love sex and there's not much I wouldn't do or try with my partner."

That pretty much broke the sexual ice - the movie kept playing but we were more interested in playing with each other. It wasn't long before the scene that started it all was being played out on my living room floor - I was laying on my back with Kera's smooth, incredibly wet pussy right over my face. I was in oral heaven and she was moving back and forth on my face to wherever she wanted to feel my tongue. Apparently I was hitting the right spots because all of a sudden I felt her body tense and she came. Now I don't mean came as it 'oh yes, I'm cumming' - I mean came as in gushed! The first stream surprised me but once I realized she was squirting I pulled her tighter against my mouth and ate her for all I was worth. I'd been with a couple of squirters before but no one who'd gushed as much as she did. 

When she finally quit cumming she pretty much collapsed beside me and moved down until her mouth was on mine. We kissed for several minutes until she pulled back enough to speak.

"I'm sorry...I should have told you I squirted but you did say there wasn't much you wouldn't do and honestly I needed to cum so bad that I was afraid if I told you ahead of time you wouldn't want to do it."

"Don't worry about that...I love oral, love squirters and to put the two together is just about perfect - don't you ever worry about squirting while we're having sex - I love it!"

That was the start of an incredible relationship - both in and out of the bedroom. We agreed we needed to be totally open with each other as far as what we liked, didn't like or wanted to try. 

One night we were flipping through some of the satellite porn channels and saw one called 'Oral Cravings' - seeing as oral was one of our favourites, we selected that one. Obviously there was lots of oral in it but what surprised both of us was after he came in her, he moved down between her legs and started licking his cum from her pussy. 

Kera looked over at me and said, "Wow...I've never seen that before , it looks totally hot - I think I squirted a bit just watching it. What do you think?"

"I've never seen it before either. At first I thought it was kinda gross but she really seems to like it, he doesn't seem to mind and I'm hard as hell from watching it so at least part of me thinks it's hot."

She thought about that for a bit and then said, "Would you be willing to try it and see if you like it?"

I hesitated a sec, not sure I wanted to go there but told her "Sure...I'll try pretty much anything once!"

Well...at least I tried - every time we had sex I'd think about going down on her after I came and she'd tell me how much she wanted me to do it but when it came to actually doing it, I'd back out. We'd specifically look for what we quickly learned was called 'creampie eating' videos and our sex after or usually during the video was awesome but even that wasn't enough to get me to actually do it. Everything else between us was great and she said she wasn't going to let one thing screw up an awesome relationship but I knew she really wanted us to try it so I thought about it and realized as much as I loved the idea, if I actually had a choice I'd say no.

A few days later we'd gone out and ended up back at my place and quickly progressed from hallway to couch to bed. Both of us were soon naked and while I was fingering and kissing her, I told her I had something different planned for tonight and pulled the ties out from under my pillow. We'd played a bit with bondage and she loved to be tied down while I teased her with fingers, tongue and toys so she knew that wasn't what I meant by 'different' and the look on her face showed it. 

"I know you really want me to eat you after I cum but as much as I love the idea before I cum, once I cum I can't seem to follow through. I've thought about it and really want to do it for you so here's my idea...you tie me up and tease me however you want. When you're ready, you climb on and ride me until I cum - then you just move up and straddle my face so I have to eat you."

"But I've asked if you want me to ride your face after you cum and you always say no."

"Exactly - but if I'm tied up, you won't have to ask...just do it!"

Judging from the smile on her face and the way her pussy clenched around my finger I could tell she really liked that idea. I still wasn't quite so sure but did really want to try it - mainly for her but for me too. 

A few minutes later I was tied to the bed and Kera's hot, wet mouth was feeling awesome on my cock. Every so often she'd pause, look up at me and say something like, "normally I'd suck until you cum but this time you'll be the one tasting it from me" or "maybe next time I'll let you cum in my mouth and share it with you but tonight you're going to be eating what you shoot in my pussy"

It didn't matter what she said, each time she said something I could feel my cock twitch in her mouth and I got closer to coming. She knew I was getting close too so she finally stopped and let me start to soften, then touched/licked me until I was hard, stopped until I softened a bit and kept doing that for a good 10 minutes.

Finally I guess she couldn't wait any longer, straddled my hips and slid onto my cock. 

Other than the few minutes of touching her pussy before I was tied down neither of us had touched her but holy shit was she wet! There was no problem sliding full length into her on the first down stroke. I think we both knew I wasn't going to last long but long, slow sex wasn't the game plan for today. Ok, she started slow but sped up until she was pretty much slapping against me on every stroke. I could tell she'd already squirted a couple of times because on the downstroke I could often feel a splash on my chest and sometimes on my face. 

All that added up to me not being able to hold back any more and before I could even say anything, I exploded into her. I'm not sure how many spurts there were but they all felt huge and obviously she could feel it too 'cause she stopped thrusting and just let me shoot until I was done.

"Now for the part we've been waiting for...or at least the part I've been waiting for and the part you don't have a choice in!"

As she was talking, she slowly slid up off my softening cock, put a hand over her well filled pussy and moved up over my chest to my head. As she pulled her hand away, I had a great view of her smooth, red, shiny, pussy as it got closer and closer to my face. She was still a few inches away when the first glob of my cum dripped out onto my mouth. 

At first I didn't want to taste it but figured 'what the hell' I'll be tasting it sooner or later so I tentatively licked it off my lip into my mouth.

Now I hadn't told Kera but like most guys, I'd tasted my own cum after masturbating a couple of times and really care for the taste so I was a bit surprised that the taste wasn't too bad once it had been mixed with her juices.

That made it easier to stick my tongue out and start licking. I was a bit relieved to find there wasn't really as much of my cum as I thought there'd be and I was really getting into it when I heard Kera say, "Damn that feels amazing and knowing you're tasting your own cum is even hotter - I'm CUMMING!"

That did it, as her pussy spasmed with her orgasm, pulse after pulse of my cum was pushed out into my mouth and at the same time I could feel squirt after squirt of her juices spashing against my face. Kera usually came from oral sex but nothing like she was this time. It seemed like she'd just finish one orgasm and the next one was right there. I'm not sure how many times I swallowed, how many times she came or how long she rode my face but eventually she rolled to the side and just lay there with an incredibly satisfied smile on her face before reaching over to untie me.

"Wow, watching it on video was hot, thinking about doing was really hot but actually doing it was incredible!! Now that you've eaten your cum from me for the first time - would you do it again?"

"Well, now that I've actually done it - yes. The taste was actually pretty good once it's mixed with your pussy juice. It might be a while before I voluntarily go down on you after sex but you're always welcome to roll me onto my back and straddle my face after I've cum."

"Mmmmm, I'll certainly take you up on that offer and seeing as you're hard again why don't we try that right now?" 

With that, she climbed on my rehardened cock and started riding it. Having just cum it took a lot longer for my second orgasm but knowing that when I did cum I'd be eating her again helped and it wasn't long before I was shooting another load into her. There was still a bit of hesitation but I was certainly ready and willing when her cummy pussy settled onto my mouth. After licking, kissing and nibbling her to several more orgasms, I rolled her over onto her back and kissed my way back up to her mouth. I could tell she was a bit surprised when my tongue slid past her lips and I allowed some of our cum mixture that I'd held in my mouth to slide into hers but her surprise was momentary and she quickly started licking and sucking on my lips until she'd gotten all that I'd kept - and then swallowed with a big sexy grin!

Since that night we've continued our great sex, more creampie eating and yes, I finally got to the point where I'd willingly go down on her after cumming and she'll often lick our juices off my cock as well. 

A few days ago she mentioned she wondered what it would be like to have sex with 2 guys at the same time. Part of me would love to watch her suck another guy's cock while I fuck her (or the other way around), part of me is afraid she might want me to eat her pussy after another guy had cum in her and part of me is afraid I might actually like it if she did!