 [Author's note: this story was inspired by the Literotica story 'Indecent Proposal Ch.02' by Bostonfictionwriter]

*

Let me tell you about my friends Ray and Louise.

My wife Claire first met Louise at the club where they both played tennis. They became friends, and soon decided that we should go out socially together. That's when I met Louise's husband Ray.

Now, don't get me wrong, I don't dislike Ray, but we had never really bonded. If I had to describe Ray in one word, that word would be -- dull. The only thing that he seems to have any real interest in is golf, and I don't play golf.

But Louise! Louise is beautiful! I mean, really, really beautiful. Not just physically, but she has an inner beauty, a sweetness, an almost childlike innocence that I have always found to be fascinating. I wanted her -- wanted her more than I've ever wanted any other woman.

Whenever we went out, all of the men who met Louise would flirt with her. And yet she seemed oblivious to this and never flirted back. There had been a couple of times, when we were dancing together after a few drinks, that I had made the gentlest of suggestions that maybe we could get together sometime. Each time she had changed the subject quickly, and so I backed off and said no more. I was a patient man, and I didn't want to spoil any chance, no matter how slim, for the future.

Of course I fantasised about being with Louise. Whenever Claire and I had sex, it was always Louise who was in my thoughts.

Things didn't work out with Claire and myself. Maybe she figured out how I felt about Louise, I don't know, but she left me and moved to another state. Of course I kept up my friendship with Ray and Louise, for obvious reasons.

Then one day I had a little bit of luck. I won some money in the lottery. Not a fortune, but a nice little windfall. And that gave me an idea.

One sunny Saturday, just after lunch, I drove around to Ray and Louise's house. Next to me in the car was a brand new set of golf clubs. When I arrived at the house, I parked the car, picked up the golf clubs, and walked up to the front door and rang the bell.

Ray answered the door. He was wearing his golf clothes as I had anticipated, and he immediately spotted the clubs. "What's with the clubs?" he asked. "I didn't know that you had taken up golf?"

I went inside the house. "No, I haven't taken up golf," I said. "These are for you."

"Seriously??" he asked. "But these are top of the line models. They must have cost a fortune!"

"I had a little bit of luck in the lotteries," I said, "and I wanted to share my good fortune with you, so I bought you these as a present."

For a few seconds Ray was speechless, and then he shook my hand and thanked me over and over. "Honey," he called out to Louise, "Come and see what Steve has given me."

Louise appeared in the hallway. "Very nice," she said when she saw the clubs. "Then she smiled at me and said, "Hello, Steve."

Ray announced that he was leaving right away to play golf, so he grabbed his things, picked up his new clubs and rushed out of the house. Then Louise and I went to the kitchen. She poured us each a glass of wine and we sat at the table. "That was very nice of you," she said as she smiled at me.

We chatted for a while, and when we had just about finished our second glass of wine, I reached into my pocket and casually took out a small box. I opened it to reveal a pair of diamond earrings. Louise gasped when she saw them. "Oh those are beautiful!" she exclaimed. "Who's the lucky lady?"

I looked into her eyes. "You didn't think that I would buy Ray a present and forget about you, did you?" I asked.

"Me?? You bought them for me?" she gasped. "Really??"

"Really," I said. "Why don't you try them on?"

Louise picked up the box and went over to a mirror. When she had put the earrings into her ears, she admired them in the mirror. I stood up and walked over behind her. "They really suit you, don't you think?" I asked.

"Yes, oh yes, they're beautiful!" she said. Then she turned and wrapped her arms around me. "Thank you so much!"

Now Louise had cuddled me before, but never with so much enthusiasm. I really enjoyed the feel of her superb breasts pressing against my chest. "You're very welcome," I said, as I held her close to me.

I held Louise for as long as I reasonably could, but all too soon I had to let her go. We returned to the table and continued to chat and sip our wine. Then I took out another, slightly larger box from my pocket. 

"I thought that this might look nice with the earrings. What do you think?" I asked.

Louise opened the box, and gasped with surprise. Inside was a matching bracelet. "Oh Steve!" she exclaimed. "Surely this isn't for me as well?"

"That depends on you," I said. "Yes, I did buy that for you, but I thought that you might do something nice for me in return."

"What do you mean?" she asked, puzzled. I said nothing, and then the look on her face turned to realisation and then shock. "You don't mean .....?" she asked.

"Oh, but I do," I said. "Louise, you are the most beautiful woman that I've ever met. For as long as I've known you I have wanted to make love to you."

"But I'm married!" she protested.

"I'm not asking you to move in with me," I said. "Just to spend a little time with me."

"But what about Ray?" she asked.

"I won't tell him if you don't," I said.

She said nothing for a few seconds. Then she stood up, walked over to the bench and refilled her wine glass. For several minutes she sipped her wine and stared out of the window. Then she turned around and looked at me.

"You're sure that Ray would never find out?" she asked.

"Guaranteed," I said.

She walked slowly over to the table, put down her glass, and reached out to me. I took her hand, stood up, and she led me down the stairs to a guest bedroom at the back of the house. When we were inside she turned to face me.

"Did you really mean what you said?" she asked. "I mean, do you really think that I'm beautiful?"

"Of course," I said. "You're beautiful, intelligent, sweet, everything that a man could ever want in a woman."

Louise threw herself against me, wrapping her arms around my neck and kissing me. She caught me by surprise for a moment, but I soon returned her kiss with the same intensity. I slipped my hands down and squeezed her ass cheeks, and she moaned and rubbed her pussy against my now very hard cock. Then she started to tear my clothes off. I did the same to her and when we were both naked we tumbled into bed.

What happened next was a total surprise. I had hoped to enjoy her lovely body, but I had expected that she would just lie there and allow me to have sex with her. I was wrong. She was an animal, a wild sexual animal. Her nails raked my back as I fucked her hard and fast, and she met every stroke of mine, all the time telling me to fuck her hard, and then to cum inside her. I couldn't believe my good luck.

We fucked, and that is the only word for it, for more than two hours, until we were both totally exhausted.

As we lay together afterwards, Louise said, "You know, Ray plays golf every Saturday ..."