 They told him it was a relaxing way to travel... Romantic even... the only problem was... he was traveling alone.

Matt was on his way to an out of town conference, one of those long boring but extremely stressful conferences his employer insisted he attend. A friend had suggested that seeing as he had the time, he should travel up to the conference by train, get a sleeper so he could truly relax, something he hadn't done in way to long. They told him the service was excellent, the scenery was beautiful, a great way to get away and forget about his worries for one night.

So here he sat in the lounge, bored, a drink in front of him, and loving couples all around him, reminding him how lonely he truly was, and how much he hated it. It had been so long since he had been in the company of a woman, and even longer since he had felt any passion in his life. .

And then she walked in, a vision, like something out of his deepest desires and dreams. She was tall, Matt figured at least 5'9", slim, long legs just made for fantasizing about... long dark hair cascading down her back. And her face... oh her face, full red lips, high cheekbones, and eyes that were dark as night and slightly tilted, hinting at Asian ancestry.

She was dressed all in black, the skirt was long, almost to her ankles, but was slit high up the thigh, giving him flashes of creamy skin with every step she took. It molded to her body and showed her curves to maximum effect. Her jacket was double breasted, and gently rounded her breasts, like two hands cupped and holding them in the palms. And Matt could see the top of a black camisole peaking out of the V of her jacket .

She looked around as she walked thru the lounge looking for a seat, and she briefly made eye contact with Matt. She gave him a very slight, Mona Lisa type smile and he felt the breath catch in his chest, his heart start to pound, and the blood rush to areas in his body he hadn't thought of in a very long time.

She took a seat by the window, on the opposite side of the lounge, ordered a drink, took a book from her bag and settled back into her seat with what seemed a long sigh of relief. She was too far away for Matt to see what she was reading, but still close enough for him to appreciate her beauty.

Every few minutes she would lean forward to take a sip of her wine, and when she did, her jacket would gap slightly, giving Matt a tantalizing view of her cleavage, and on the occasions she would catch Matt staring, she would give him another quick smile, as if she knew what he was thinking... and liked the directions his thoughts were heading in.

He was having very erotic thoughts... sitting there in the lounge of the rail car... thoughts of their bodies pressed together, slick skin sliding along slick skin, lips meshing in hot deep wet kisses, hands touching everywhere they could, her legs wrapped around his waist while he was buried deep inside her warmth.

Matt knew he couldn't sit there in that condition, so he got up and headed to the washroom, thinking he would give himself time away from her presence to cool down, maybe splash some cool water on his face to help him in his struggle. She watched him as he walked towards her, her eyes seemed to get larger as he got closer, and as he passed her, a caught the subtle scent of her perfume, rich, exotic, it was almost more than he could take.

Thoughts of her and what he would like to do to her... with her, filled his mind while he was in the washroom, he couldn't get her face, her scent out of his mind, and he knew he would have to try to talk to her when he went back, or go crazy, he took a couple of deep breaths for courage and headed back.

But when he got back to the lounge, she was gone, Matt couldn't believe it, how could she just get up and leave like that, what about all the eye contact they had been sharing? Was she playing some sort of game with his head? Did she enjoy torturing men in this way? .

These thoughts ran thru his head as he walked back to his seat, and Matt wasn't sure what to make of the whole encounter, should he try to find her? Or forget about the entire episode and head to his sleeper for the night?.

But as soon as he got to his seat, all these thoughts flew out of his mind, because as he looked down at his table, an amazing site met his gaze, for there on the table was his napkin... and on the napkin, was written the number of a sleeper car... with a note that simply said "come to me".

Matt couldn't believe his eyes... could it be? Was it possible that her thoughts matched his? He picked up the key and brought it to his face, yes, there was the same scent he had breathed in as he passed her earlier. Once again his heart started to pound and the blood rushed to the lower extremes of his body, what an incredible trip this was becoming.

Matt quickly finished his drink, paid his tab and headed towards the sleeper area, not knowing what was about to happen, but knowing he had to at least show up to see what she intended.

He found her car easily and, taking a deep fortifying breath, knocked lightly on the door, wondering what fate waited him on the other side. He watched the door handle slowly turn, and the door swing in, and there she was. When she gave him another slow smile, his heart almost stopped.

She held out her hand and he placed his in it, her hands were so delicate, much smaller than he would have thought for such a tall woman, but he could feel the strength of her gentle grip as she pulled him inside. Matt opened his mouth, not knowing what he was going to say, maybe hello, maybe tell her what his name was, ask her what hers was, but she placed her other hand over his mouth, looked into his eyes and slowly shook her head. Matt got the hint, she wanted no names, no words, their only communication would be non verbal, well that was fine with him.

She walked around him, and put her hands on his shoulder, slowly easing the jacket off and down his arms before carelessly tossing it aside, the ran her hands up and down his back, over his shoulders and thru his hair, Matt could feel the hair on the back of his neck start to stand on end. She leaned forward slightly so her breasts were lightly brushing against his back, and lightly flicked her tongue over his ear lobe, before taking it into her mouth and nibbling on it gently.

Matt's knees started to go weak, she was barely touching him, yet she was driving him mad with need, he could feel the erection in his pants growing, straining against his zipper, and when she reached around him and lightly stroked him thru his pants, he thought he might explode on the spot.

This couldn't go on, he had to slow things down or lose it completely, so he turned around and took her by the shoulders, he backed her up against the door, gazing into her eyes as he slowly undid the buttons of her jacket, one slow agonizing button at a time, never breaking eye contact with her.

When the buttons were undone, he pulled the sides of her jacket apart and, finally breaking eye contact, looked down at her. She was wear the sexiest camisole he had ever seen, black, silk and lace, cut just low enough that he could see the top of her breasts, her chest was rising and falling quickly, and Matt could tell she was as aroused as he was.

He lifted his hand, and gently ran his finger tips over the nipples that were straining against the material, god, they were so enlarged, he took then between his thumb and forefinger and squeezed. She moaned... the first sound he had heard her make, a soft low moan of desire, and he knew he had to taste he, see if her mouth tasted as good as it sounded.

Matt leaned forward, and while still stroking and pinching her nipples, brushed his lips against hers, ohhhhhh god, her lips were so soft, it drove him wild. She reached out with her tongue and licked his lower lips, took it between her lips and sucked on it. The sensation was almost more than he could bear.

He stepped away from her, and knelt before her, his heart beating in anticipation, would the rest of her taste as sweet? He had to find out, now. He placed his hands around her ankles and started slowly stroking up her leg, lifting her skirt as he went, leaning forward here and there to place soft kisses on her legs, until he reached her thighs, where he discovered, to his delight, that she wore garters, and above that? Nothing but creamy flesh.

He continued with his hands up her legs, until he reached the apex of her thighs, he could smell her scent, so erotic to his senses and knew the time had come to taste. He brushed his thumb against her womanhood, god, she was so wet, so silky feeling, so hot. He spread open her lips ran his tongue along her clit, she tasted soooooo good, he knew he had to have more. She had placed her hands on his shoulders, and Matt knew her legs were giving out, but he refused to stop, he took one of her legs and placed it over his shoulder and gently started to suckle on her pussy, running his tongue up and down her clit, slipping it inside her to taste as much as he could, he could hear her above him, her moans getting louder, sounding more desperate, he could tell she was close to climaxing. She took her hands and placed them on Matt's head, and pulled him closer to her, he knew what she wanted... he made his tongue hard and drove it into her pussy, moving it in and out quickly while stroking her clit with his thumb.

He felt her go stiff, and he could feel the orgasm take over her, she was cumming, and he wanted, no, needed to taste all of it, he started sucking on her even harder until she was almost screaming as she came all over his mouth, god yes, she tasted so good.

Matt slowly stood up, supporting her as he stood, and looked into her eyes again, she placed her hands on the sides of his head and pulled his mouth to hers, kissing him with one of the long deep wet kisses he had dreamed of earlier, they could both taste her passion on his tongue.

She started to walk towards the bed, forcing him to walk backwards or be run over, and when he felt the back of his knees hit the bed, she gently pushed him so he had to sit down, she pushed him again so he lay back on the bed and looked at him, and Matt could tell by the look in her eyes what was about to happen, it was his turn to be pleasured.

Matt scooted on to the bed and lay back, wondering what she was thinking, what thoughts were going thru that beautiful head of hers, and she looked up and smiled again, and he didn't care, he was hers, in body and soul, whatever she wanted, she would get.

She straddled his hips, but kept all of her weight on her legs, not giving him the pleasure of feeling her press against his groin, she liked to tease, he could tell that right away. She started to undue the buttons on his shirt, one button at a time, just as he had done to her, but with each button, she leaned a little more forward, so her long silky hair started to caress his chest as the shirt came undone.

She ran the fingertips of her fingers up and down his chest, and started at his ears, her tongue flicking in and out of her mouth, licking here, sucking there, nibbling everywhere. Matt closed his eyes as waves of pleasure started to flow over him, he could feel her lips moving lower down his chest, and he could feel his erection press almost painfully against his pants.

She lowered her mouth over the erection while his pants where still done up and let out one long hot breath. Matt could feel the heat right thru his pants, god, it felt so good, he didn't know how much more he could stand of this.

Then, just as he thought he might lose it completely, she sat up, and, staring into his eyes, slowly stripped the camisole over her head. At last, he could see her breasts, they were full and firm, and Matt couldn't wait to get his hands, his lips on them, he reached out to touch them, but she took his hands, smiled and shook her head. She placed his hands over his head and gave him a look that said "don't move".

She then reached down and finally, finally... pulled the zipper of his pants down. His erection sprang out, all 7 inches of it, hard as steel and desperate with need, Matt knew there was already liquid at the tip and wasn't sure how she would react to that, but he didn't need to worry, she leaned down, and with one quick flick of her tongue made it disappear. Oh god, he needed to feel more of her mouth, and as if she knew exactly what his mind was thinking, she started on him. She slowly started to work her way up and down his shaft, flicking her tongue quickly in and out of her mouth, she took his balls into his mouth and sucked on them, she worked her way to the tip and took that into her mouth and gave it one quick but very hard suck.

Matt jerked so hard he came off the bed for an instant, her mouth, it was incredible, he was shaking with the need to be in her mouth completely, but once again she slowed down, slowly running her hands up and down his inner thighs, working her way back up to that part of him that was dying with need for her.

He could feel her hair caress him as she worked him over, stopping here and there to suck and nibble him more. Then, when he least expected it, she opened her mouth and took his penis fully into her. Oh god, her mouth was so wet, so warm, it felt as if he was wrapped in velvet, and he loved it. She started moving her mouth faster and faster over him, going right down, taking all of him into her mouth. Matt knew he would cum soon, and took a hold of her shoulders to move her, but she simply shook her head from side to side, she wouldn't stop, so he let her, he took her head in his hands to hold it still and he could feel her nod her head yes, he closed his eyes and started to fuck her mouth, slowly at first, but then faster and faster, and she took it all. Just as he started to cum, she took his balls in her hand and squeezed them, and Matt exploded into her mouth, he had never cum so hard before in his life, it was incredible.

She swallowed every drop as if it was precious and she didn't want to waste it, and then she licked him up, making sure to get everything. She lay down beside Matt and he took her in his arms, holder her close, this night had already been so incredible, he was feeling on top of the world, but she wasn't done with him yet.

She started to run her fingertips on his chest, her touch so light he could barely feel it, but feel it he did, and he could feel his body responding to her touch. Matt couldn't believe it, but he was getting hard again, getting aroused just by her touch. And touch him she did, running those incredible fingers over his chest, over his penis, she sat up and started to do the same thing with her hair, it was so soft as it trailed over him. Within minutes he was hard again, but he knew this time he need to be inside her, and she seemed to need the same thing, she stood up and slowly stripped off all her clothing, watching Matt the whole time as he quickly stripped as well, they could see the need, the lust in each others eyes. .

Once they were both naked, she pushed him back down on his back and straddled him, she started to rub her clit up and down his shaft, rubbing against him hard and fast, Matt couldn't believe how wet she still was, and god she felt so good. .

But this time, no games, he needed to be buried inside her, and he needed it now. He grabbed her hips, lifted her up a few inches and drove his cock into her pussy, hard and fast. They both groaned aloud at how good it felt, she was so tight, and he was so big and hard, he filled her completely. Matt moved into a sitting position and she wrapped her long legs around his waist and ground her pussy into him, he pulled her chest to his mouth and started lick and sucking at her nipples, taking as much of them into his mouth as he could, as she thrust herself against time time and time again.

But Matt needed to be deeper inside her, he could feel it building up in both of them, so he pushed her down on the bed, took her legs, put them over her shoulder and drove into her pussy again, burying himself as deep in her as he could.

Her pussy was so wet and so tight around his cock, he started fuck her harder and harder, going deeper into her warmth, they started to kiss as they fucked, each sucking on the others tongue, simulating what their bodies were doing. Oh god she felt so good, the feel of her breasts under his chest, her legs over his shoulders, his cock going in and out of her, they were both moaning so loud, he looked into her eyes and he could tell what she was thinking, fuck me harder baby, harder ohhhhhhh yessssss, faster, more more, and he was thinking the same thing, he couldn't get enough of her pussy.

He could feel the orgasm start to build, and could tell she was close too, he reached his hand between their bodies and started rubbing her clit fast, all the while thrusting his cock into her pussy, she started to scream and he could feel her muscles clench around him as the orgasm hit her, and it sent him over the edge, he roared and poured himself into her, emptied himself, cumming so hard with her he was scared he would pass out from the pleasure.

Matt never remembered falling asleep that night, he awoke the next morning, and she was gone, the only evidence that she had even been there, that the night had ever happened, was the scent of her perfume which lingered in the air. He got out of the bed and walked to the window of the sleeper, just in time to see her exit the train, she turned her head, gave him one more Mona Lisa smile, turned and walked away, never to be seen by Matt again.