 My boyfriend and I have had an amazing, hot sex life since the beginning. We try different and new things on a regular basis, and neither of us is selfish in bed. We tell each other our likes, turn ons and offs, and fetishes. He knows that I'm kinky. We've played around with bondage, dominance, and some light pain-play. Although he is understanding and very open, I was hesitant of telling him just how much of a subbie I really am. For me, being pushed up against a wall or counter, held down, tied up, and just TAKEN is the hottest, sexiest thing that can be done to me. I thought he only knew some of it, until one night...

'Ugh,' I thought to myself. 'Can't these idiots move any faster?' I had had a long, tiring week at the shop, and was ready to get home, curl up with a movie and some popcorn, and start off my weekend with some major relaxation. I have kind of an annoying habit. If I'm stuck in traffic, or waiting somewhere for long periods of time doing nothing, my imagination tends to wander into fantasy land. Dirty fantasy land. Today, sitting in my car, watching the jerk in front of me talk on her cell phone and file her nails, my mind started wandering towards the night before... 

I walked in the door and he was lazing on the couch. 

"Hey, I'm home" I called softly. He immediately sat up, jumped off the couch, and jogged over to greet me.

"Hello beautiful, how was your day?" He grinned at me, stretching. My eyes involuntarily swept across his body. 'Holy shit!' My brain screamed at me. He was, as usual, shirtless, wearing just his jeans, with his belt unbuckled and his hair ruffled. 

"It was ... Um... uh... alright... tiring..." I stuttered, still awestruck by his amazing body. 

He frowned and stepped closer to me. "Hey, are you okay? You're red" He lightly placed his hand on my forehead. 

"Yeah," I blushed, "It was just hot in the car"

"Okay sure, hot in the car, of course" he smirked. 'Damn'

"Shut up, you know I have a weakness for you, and I'm too tired for this" I slapped him on the arm, and my hand ran down his smooth skin. 

"Stooooooooop, you know I have a weakness for you" He mocked in a high, girly voice and laughed. He took my hands and linked them around his neck, pulling me to his chest. 

"I missed you today. I ended up not having to go to work, so I stayed here alone all day" He sighed. I was trying to pay attention to his words, but with his arms tight around my torso, and feeling the vibrations from his voice, I couldn't stay concentrated.

"Aww poor baby, do you want me to kiss it better?" I cooed, giggling. He pulled away slightly, looked at me, smirked and bit his lower lip. He knows that it gets me every time, and he uses it to his advantage on a daily basis. He leaned towards me impossibly slowly, until I could feel his breath on my face. I don't know why I didn't just grab him and kiss him, but I was paralyzed by how well he knew me and the things he did to me by barely even trying. His lips lightly touched mine, and my body reacted like an explosion. I crushed my lips against his and pulled his body to me. He moaned softly at the surprise attack from me, and the sound sent a shockwave down to my toes, giving every nerve ending a tingling, almost electrical shock. His tongue traced my bottom lip, he sucked it into his mouth and nibbled, and I almost fell over. He held me tightly against his body for another second, and then ended the passionate embrace. I whimpered softly as he pulled away, wondering why he stopped.

Obviously feeling the lack of strength in my body, he led me over to the couch and sat down, pulling me down beside him.

I looked up at him, and seeing my puzzled expression, he laughed.

"Didn't you say you were tired?" He grinned.

"That's ... not fair..." I squeaked, as I tried to gather the pieces of my mind that had exploded.

"Hey, don't blame me, I don't want to exhaust you, you had a long day, remember?" He faked a patronizing tone, kissed me on the forehead and began flipping through the channels.

"Maybe I changed my mind" I grabbed the remote from his hand and quickly swung my leg over him, straddling him.

He looked me up and down "Hmm...Well in that case I guess it's alright..." He trailed off as he took the remote from me, flung it onto the other chair, and pulled my face to his. His hands moved down my torso, grabbing my hips and moving my body closer to his. In the position I was in, the movement caused me to rub up on him, and he gasped and bit down on my lower lip. Our breathing patterns started getting heavy and erratic, and he began unbuttoning my shirt, kissing down my neck, licking and biting, slowly unbuttoning and kissing his way down, leaning me back, then letting my shirt fall to the ground. I pushed him back and slowly reached behind me. I undid the clasp of my lacy red and black bra, letting it hang loose, just barely covering me. He ran his hands up my sides, snatching the bra from my fingertips, hungrily pulling me to him and taking a nipple into his mouth. I gasped loudly and let out a moan as he ran his tongue over it, roughly grazing the sensitive skin with his teeth. I loved how he knew exactly how I like my body touched. He switched to the other breast and gave it the same loving attention, holding the other breast in his strong hand, squeezing, massaging, and pinching lightly, keeping both of my nipples standing to attention. He moved back up my neck and continued kissing me, running his hands all over my body. His tongue slipped into my mouth and met mine, and our tongues danced together for a few moments before he moved away slightly, buried his face in my neck and kissed up to my earlobe.

"I need you...NOW" He breathed heavily into my ear, making me moan out loud.

"Fuck me" I replied.

He growled as he pushed me off of him, stood up, and peeled my jeans off, throwing them before stepping out of his own and kicking them out of the way. He moved between my legs and kissed me, lightly running his fingers down the front of my black panties, before almost tearing them off and moving back between my legs, kissing down my belly and moving to my inner thighs, kissing and licking lightly, slowly teasing towards my wetness. I moaned and tried to push myself onto his mouth, needing his touch. He finally reached my slit, and he lightly licked up and down, never making full contact with my sensitive bud, just bringing me to the edge.

"Please..." I moaned.

Hearing the plea in my voice, or maybe just not being able to stand it himself, he planted his mouth fully over my clit and sucked it into his hot mouth. I gasped and squeaked, gripping the cushions, my hips bucking as a vicious orgasm hit me. He wrapped his arms around my thighs and held me completely open for him, not letting me move an inch towards or away from the almost tortuous pleasure...

HONK-HONK

I jumped, startled out of my reverie. The cars were finally moving forward, and the guy behind me was pissed. I quickly put my car into drive and moved forward the 6 feet that the jerk was freaking out about. My heart was pounding, and I could feel dewy wetness forming between my legs from my visually detailed memory. I sucked in a deep breath, trying to calm myself from being scared shitless 'Ugh, I hate, hate, hate, hate traffic' I groaned and let my head fall back against the headrest. The jam finally eased up and I made my way home. I walked up the front steps, and was about to unlock the door. The door flung open before I touched it, and I stepped back. 

"Hey gorgeous," he said with a smile, "You look tired"

"I am tired," I replied, sighing. "Long and exhausting day." He moved back and I stepped in, shrugging out of my coat.

"Julie ordered from the wrong fabric provider, some customer was arguing with me about how I should run my shop, another customer had ordered like eight pairs of shoes and is now saying she only wanted four... Ugh" I groaned and sat down on the stairs to take off my boots. "And the creepy delivery guy was hitting on me the entire time he was there. Apparently 'I have a boyfriend' doesn't deter some guys" I rolled my eyes as I walked over to the couch and flopped onto it. He followed me over, lifted up my legs and sat down, rubbing my feet. 

"Well, if I were that guy I'd be jealous as anything" He smiled.

"Aww shucks, ain't you jis the most preshus lil' thang" I replied in an exaggerated Southern accent, giggled, then yawned.

He laughed "Wow, looks like your day really was tiring, you're becoming delusional"

"Oh shut up, I'm not delusional... Just tired" I gave him a small smile, my eyes half closed and my consciousness fading fast.

"It's alright, go to sleep, you're exhausted. Sweet dreams" he said softly, grabbing a blanket and laying it over me, tucking me in.

"Mmm...I love you..." I sighed, barely awake.

"I love you too" He chuckled softly.

I awoke suddenly to a loud thump, so I tried to roll over to check it out. 'Wait... Something's not right!' I couldn't move my arms. I squirmed for a moment and realized they were behind my back and tied at the wrists.

"Oh sorry, did I wake you?" he said softly. I managed to roll onto my back and I turned my head to him.

"Um, yeah, but that really isn't the issue right now..." I replied, confused.

He looked over at me, frowning slightly "What's wrong? Oh, could you come here for a second?"

"Sorry, but I'm a little TIED UP at the moment, if you hadn't noticed" I said, exasperated.

"Oh, right, sorry" He gave me a small smile and turned back to the magazine he was holding.

"Okay come on, what is this about? What did I do to you?" I huffed.

"Oh no, that's not it at all, don't worry about it" He grinned.

"No way, you are telling me what is going on, or I'm coming over there" I stared at him.

"Oh don't worry, you'll be coming everywhere by the time I'm done with you" he said softly, almost to himself, as he scanned the magazine

"Wait whoa what huh?" I stuttered, startled by his words. Silence.

"Okay, that's it" I squirmed myself over to the edge of the couch, and I rolled off. I straightened up and walked over to him, standing straight in front of his chair. "I will ask you this one time. Why am I tied up?" I said slowly.

He finally looked up at me, and, without a word, got up and stepped close to me.

I took a step back and looked straight into his eyes. He kept taking steps forward, and I was forced to move back with each step he took. "Say something, or just untie me" I rolled my eyes, and as I stepped back once more, I felt something cold on the back of my arms. The wall. 

"Not a chance," he smirked "I'm gonna have fun with this" he said as he moved forward till I was pressed between the wall and his body.

"What are you-" I was cut off by his lips suddenly against mine. He started kissing me like there was no tomorrow. When I responded to the attack, he stopped and pulled away. Without a word he looped his finger through my belt loop and pulled me away from the wall. He led my over to in front of the couch. He kissed me once, then,

"On your knees" He said, staring straight into my eyes, a small smile playing around the corners of his mouth.

"Wh-what?" I stumbled over my words, taken aback by his straightforwardness.

"Tonight, I'm in control. I'm going to take what I want, and I'm going to give more than you can handle" He looked straight at me and bit his lip "Now, on your knees" He ordered, the sexy smirk still on his face. I hesitated for a moment then dropped slowly to my knees, looking up at him. He slowly unbuckled his belt, pulling it from his pants and dropping it to the floor. He unbuttoned his jeans and unzipped his fly. Now distracted from my initial shock, I stared at his hands, watching every movement, anticipation building in every inch of my body. He pushed his pants and boxers down slowly, revealing an inch at a time of his perfect hips and front. I shivered as he pulled my chin up to look at me, and seeing the hungry look in my eyes, he slid his boxers down and let his cock spring forward. My eyes dropped to it and I looked at the glorious thick 7 inches like I had never seen it before. As I was about to envelope it in my mouth, he grabbed my hair and pulled my head back gently. "Slowly, love. We have all night, and I'm gonna make this last" he murmured seductively, pulling my head forward and letting me take the head into my mouth. I sucked on the head softly, and he moaned approvingly. I flicked my tongue over the sensitive tip a few times, and he let out a moan and pushed his hips forward, filling up my mouth with his cock, fucking my face slowly, holding my hair and breathing heavily. I sucked him harder, massaging the underneath of him with my tongue. He pushed into my mouth a few more times, then suddenly gasped and quickly pulled out. I looked up at him and licked my lips.

"You are...too good ...at that" he panted, releasing my hair. I smiled sweetly up at him, and he stroked my cheek lightly for a moment, and then helped me to my feet. He pressed his lips to mine and in a second we both were caught up in the passion. Our tongues danced together as he moved his hands all over my body, grabbing my hips and pulling me against his body, running his hands up the curve of my waist, reaching back and unclasping my strapless bra. He let it fall to the ground, and he took my nipples in between his fingers, pulling at the already stiff buds, rolling and pinching them till I moaned into his mouth. His mouth moved away from mine and he looked down at my torso. "This...do you like this shirt?" "Not especially," I replied breathily "Why?" He grabbed the bottom of my shirt and in one swift movement, tore the front in half. "Wardrobe improvement," he murmured, releasing the fabric, "You needed it". The two halves of the shirt fluttered down against my chest, lying open so that everything but my nipples was visible. He stepped back and looked me up and down. He nodded approvingly "That will do very nicely" and with that he stepped forward and flicked my jeans open, tugging them down and letting me step out of them. "Come with me" he smiled and put his hand on my shoulder, leading me to our room. He turned me around and untied my wrists. "Oh god thank you, I need to be able to touch you" I sighed, turning around and immediately sliding my hands up his shirt, feeling his smooth stomach, running my hands over his hips and up to his chest. I ran my hands slowly back down his stomach, reaching for his length when he grabbed my hands. "That's enough of that" he laughed. I looked at him. "Why do you get to have all the fun?" I pouted. "Be careful what you wish for... You don't know what I have planned for you" He chuckled evilly. He slid my torn shirt down off of my arms and let it fall. "Hey, if you get to do 'whatever you want' to my body, at least let me see yours" I tugged the bottom of his shirt up. "Hmm... I guess that's fair" he smiled, pulling his shirt over his head. I let my gaze travel down his chest, stomach, and hips. "Holy hell," I sucked in a breath, "That never fails to turn me on". I stepped forward and put my arms around his neck, pressing my naked torso against his, kissing him, and tracing his full lips with my tongue. He pushed me back and I fell onto the bed. He crawled up my body, kissing up my belly, up my neck, and back to my mouth. We lay there for a few minutes, just savoring the feeling of each others body, lips, and hands. The whisper of skin against skin and heavy breathing was all to be heard in the room. He grasped my hips and pushed his body against mine, making me sharply inhale and whimper

"Please..." I breathed, as best as I could through the blinding passion that was coursing through my body. 

"Please what?" he murmured, stroking his finger lightly down my side, sending shivers through me.

"Please...Fuck me..." I whimpered, my chest heaving.

"Mmm, I will," and quick as a flash, he had both my wrists pinned above my head in one of his large hands. "But you're gonna have to be begging for it" he chuckled softly, seductively. 

"I'm begging you, please fuck me" I locked eyes with him, and seeing the fire in his blue depths, I knew that this wasn't going to come easily, no pun intended.

"Mm, not enough" he growled into my ear, kissing and nipping my neck. His hand traveled lightly down my stomach, and his finger slid lightly over the front of my now very damp panties, eliciting a moan from me. He released my wrists and used both hands to slide my panties down my legs onto the floor. I was so lost in the feeling of the silk stroking my legs that I lay there paralyzed, my hands still above my head. He moved back up to my face, kissing me hard, until I noticed something cold click around my wrists. I tried to pull my hands apart and down, but I was... Handcuffed. To the headboard. I rattled the chain uselessly, slightly nervous.

"I can't have you trying to get away, can I? Plus, I'm gonna need these for other purposes..." he stroked both hands from my breasts all the way down to my thighs, sliding his hands in between them and pulling them apart. The warm air feathered across my wetness, sending tingles throughout my body, causing my eyes to roll back into my head. He moved between my legs, letting his mouth stay a few inches away from my center. He laid light kisses from one inner thigh, across my mound, to the other, repeating the process getting lower and lower until he was kissing across my wetness. When he was directly above, he paused and inhaled deeply, then blew a stream of cool air across me, raising goosebumps along my entire torso. He placed two of his fingers over my slit, stroking ever so gently, teasing me. I tried to grind myself into his hand, but he anticipated it and moved his hand away, suddenly sinking his teeth into my soft thigh. I yelped and reflexively tried to close my legs, but his hands were hard against them, not letting them budge. 

He looked up at me "That was your punishment" he smirked.

"Wh-what did I do?" I stammered, still panting. 

"No moving" he murmured, moving his hand back down to my mound, rubbing his fingers up and down along my wetness. I moaned and he pushed two fingers directly into me, and I gasped as he forced them deeper until his hand was pressed up against me. I moaned and squirmed as his fingers curled up to firmly stroke my g-spot. I lifted my hips to push him deeper, and he quickly withdrew his fingers. 

"No, please don't stop" I cried out, tugging at my bonds to no avail. My eyes met with his, and he stared me down. I moaned, and he bit his lower lip, releasing it slowly. I closed my eyes, sucked in a breath, and, relaxing my body, I reopened my eyes and looked straight at him.

"I'm sorry, I won't move again...please" I bit my lip.

"You're a fast learner" he smirked, his fingers playing around my opening again. I moaned but refrained from moving, knowing it would get me nowhere. He reinserted his fingers, only the tips, circling inside. He lowered his mouth to my wetness and lightly teased my folds with the tip of his tongue, pushing his fingers an inch deeper. I was constantly moaning by now, the light teasing paired with my extreme arousal making my body go crazy. 

"Mooorre" I moaned, frustratedly clenching my fists from the orgasm building, but not quite reaching plateau from the under-stimulation. He placed his mouth directly onto my clit and sucked hard, nibbling as he plunged his fingers completely into my depths. I cried out, and he wrapped his free arm around my thigh, holding me open as he forcefully brought me to orgasm. 

"Oh fuck, fuck oh god I'm- aaaaaahhhhhh!" I screamed, losing control and bucking my hips against his face, my moaning eventually returning to whimpering as he kept me at a high state of almost painful pleasure by keeping up a lighter, but still steady rate of stimulation. "Stop, wait" I panted, his actions being too much for my now over-sensitized clit. He slowly stopped, looking up at me as he just stroked with a feather light touch around my mound and inner thighs. He crawled up my body, stopping to graze my right nipple with his teeth, and then continuing up to kiss me. He traced my lips with his tongue and slipped in to meet mine, and I tasted myself in his mouth, which made me moan. He stroked my hip and grabbed it suddenly, pulling me against him. I felt his hardness on my thigh, and I ached to feel him inside of me. I pulled my mouth away from his, and he buried his face in my neck. I tried to form coherent thought as he sucked and nipped my neck roughly, making my breath hitch in my throat from the feeling of his teeth hard against my sensitive neck and his hot, heavy breath in my ear. I felt his teeth on my neck, making me shiver. He adjusted himself so I felt his hardness at my entrance.
