 Chapter 1

"Make love to me," Beth instructed Allan as his tongue expertly explored her most personal parts. She always loved Allan's cunnilingus and he had special ways of arousing her. He'd earlier aroused her by a slow gentle massage with some aromatherapy oils of Clary Sage and Ylang Ylang and some music on in the back ground. Allan crawled up her body and leaned forward, kissing her gently. Beth responded, her tongue searching for his, tasting her own juices on his tongue as they kissed. She needed his cock and she reached down between their bodies, her hand in search of his healthy seven and a half inches, guiding it into her warm, wet and welcoming pussy, sighing deeply as Allan entered her. They both groaned as the mutual pleasure raised their pulse rates, their heart beats racing faster than Jenson Button. Allan smiled to himself as the simile brought images of formula one racing cars and he wondered if he'd discovered a new meaning for pole position!

Beth, blissfully unaware of Allan's mental visions, was getting off on his pole inside her as his thrusting movements became more accentuated, starting slow but building pace. Their tongues remained entwined as she thrust her hips back into his, digging her heels into Allan's buttocks, forcing him deeper into her. They'd been married for a couple of years now, having been together for more than 5 years and they both enjoyed a full and satisfying sex life. Beth had dated guys before she'd met Allan but other than kissing and petting, she'd never gone all the way with anyone other than Allan. He was all she needed, all she wanted and she was deeply in love with the man. He was good looking, stood 6'1" and was fit in more than one way. Sure, he was a regular down the gym but he was also very attractive and she found it easy to be turned on by this good looking hunk. He wasn't just looks, either, his education had enabled him to acquire a well paid job and they enjoyed a good standard of living, their joint incomes resulted in sufficient surplus income to spend on luxuries such as good holidays. And on top of all this, Allan knew which buttons of hers to press to turn her on. 

She disengaged from their kiss.

"I love you" she whispered as she felt the first wave of orgasm approached. Beth tensed her pelvic muscles, making her pussy tighter, accentuating Allan's pleasure as well as her own. Their breathing became more laboured as they rocketed towards their climaxes, Allan's forehead perspiring despite his obvious fitness level. Beth looked up at her husband and lover and, in one final burst of passion, she thrust herself into his hips with such force, she felt his balls slap against her buttocks, the slapping sound louder than their passionate breathing. She arched her back as her body went into an uncontrollable spasm, her breathing suspended temporarily as her body reached orgasm, swiftly followed by a second, the process sending Allan into orgasm as well, thrusting himself deep into her and holding himself in place as he ejaculated into his wife, filling her pussy with his sweet sticky cum.

They lay together, their bodies still joined at the hips as they fought to regain their breath, Allan supporting his weight with one arm, the other gently stroking Beth's long dark hair. God, she was horny he thought to himself. Her 34-24-34 body on a 5'7" frame gave her ample curves and sufficient height to turn any guy's head. She was definitely attractive and always received a lot of attention, not all of it unpleasant. She knew how to look good and she enjoyed having the power to turn guys on, to make men want her, to feel aroused just by her looks. By the same token, she was a one man woman and that man was Allan. She'd fancied him from the very start when they met when she was a sweet and tender 18 year old virgin. She'd given herself to Allan and, since then, she'd wanted no-one else and doubted that she ever would.

Allan had had a few girlfriends before he'd met Beth but he was totally smitten with her. At first, he thought it was just an infatuation but it slowly became apparent that they had mutual feelings and 3 years later, they married.

Beth was used to receiving attention and loved to flirt a little but nothing more than a bit of harmless fun. She was used to being asked out and chatted up at work, at clubs or even just out shopping with girl friends. But since she met Allan, she was completely content as, indeed, was Allan. 

Later that evening, they had gone out to a club and Allan had queued up at the bar to get some drinks. He'd watched Beth from a distance being chatted up by total strangers and, at first, it had made Allan's blood boil. She was his woman, get your filthy hands off, he'd thought to himself. Then he'd noticed he had gone rock hard in his trousers whilst merely watching them. How could this be? He wondered how it were possible for him to get aroused thinking about the love of his life, his woman, his betrothed being chatted up by a total stranger. Was this normal? 

"Silly arse" he whispered to himself as he thought the consequences through. All that was happening was that some guy was chatting to his wife, he wasn't cuddling her, kissing her, groping her or, worse still, making love to her. So what was the problem? The problem was the more he thought about the consequences, the harder his cock got.

"Yes, mate" the barman said, shaking Allan out of his day dream. Allan ordered the Vodka and Red Bull's and returned to the table. Allan was introduced to the strangers as Beth's "Husband" and as he stood at an intimidating 6'1" and well toned, the strangers made brief polite conversation before making their excuses and leaving them in peace. Beth smiled and Allan smiled back. His eyes, however, gave him away.

"What's up with you?" Beth queried. Allan smiled more, his eyes misting over with the start of some perverted thoughts.

"Oh, nothing" he lied. Beth cocked her head to one said and gave him that "Don't lie to me" look that she had.

"Well......" Allan began, "...I'll tell you when we get home" he said, hoping to distract her with a dance.

"No. Come on. Tell me" she persevered. Beth was a very strong willed woman. Allan sighed. How could he tell his wife that he was turned on thinking about her in the arms of another guy. She'd lamp him one, he was sure of it. 

"You ever heard of Prurient?" he said, outright. He hoped she was unaware of the phrase. So far, luck was with him as Beth shook her head. Beth wondered if it were an insurance company. In fairness, Allan had only become aware of the phrase recently when a work colleague introduced him to the concept. The colleague had told Allan about a prurient club where members, all couples, indulged in what was known as soft swing. 

"You know what swinging is?" he probed further. Again, Beth shook her head. 

"Is it something that monkeys do on trees?" she said, half seriously, half tongue in cheek. Allan grimaced. She was in one of those moods, was she? Beth took a sip of her drink.

"Swinging is a term used for......" he felt very self conscious that this could ruin a great relationship and physically prepared himself for a slapped face "......wife swapping" he said, reaching for his own drink and holding it to his lips, partly for protection but mostly to hide his face from hers as be blushed. "Soft swing is where you entertain...another partner......whilst your own partner watches......but only with your hands......oh, or your mouth" he stammered his way through the brief description. 

"What are you saying" Beth said, her voice intimating. Beth was not enjoying what she was hearing.

"Only to play out at home" he replied meekly. "As a fantasy, you know" he winked at her, taking a big sip of his drink. Allan knew he was not alone in his thoughts, the quantity of websites obviously had sufficient subscribers to make it worth their while. Allan was still uncertain why he was so aroused by such thoughts. After all, he'd kill anyone who tried to harm Beth. But what if the stranger meant her no harm at all, only pleasure. Didn't he love her enough to want her to have pleasure? Of course he loves her enough. But to imagine some stranger pawing at his wife's gorgeous breasts, the breasts he himself found much pleasure in caressing, kissing, nibbling, sucking......he noticed himself getting hard again.

"Why?" Beth's question broke his train of thought. "I thought we had plenty of fun in the bedroom area" she said, her hand slipping under the table and stroking his thigh, noticing his already firm bulge in his Levi's.

"Yeah. Well, it was just a thought" he said, taking another large swig from his vodka glass. 

"I couldn't bear to think of you with......another woman" Beth said, her words carefully pronounced. Allan knew she was going to say something less polite like "Some old trollop" or "Slapper" or something.

"But we've played out fantasies before" he said, bravely trying to defend his honour. Beth stopped in her tracks. It was true, they had acted out fantasies before. Not often, mind you, but enough for a bit of variety. Dressing up seemed pointless when shortly after beginning, it would all be removed again, she had thought to her self. But she was also aware that keeping her man happy in the bedroom would make him less likely to stray. And, according to an article in a woman's magazine, variety was the spice of life as sex could get a bit boring.

"How do you plan to do that then?" she asked cautiously. Allan put his drink down. Could she be warming to the idea. 'Best not rush it, take it step at a time' Allan thought to himself.

"Oh, you know......" Allan said nonchalantly. Beth looked at him carefully.

"Tell me" she ordered.

"Well. Just pretend I'm someone different" he said. She blinked. 

"Is that it?"

"Initially, yeah!"

"What do you mean initially?" she enquired cagily, her face showing some apprehension.

"To begin with" he replied.

"Thanks for being a thesaurus!" Beth said icily, "I meant, how do you plan this to develop?"

"Beth, I watched you being chatted up by those geeks earlier and you've just felt my crotch. I'm rock hard, sweet heart. I don't know why, but it turned me on. Maybe, if we tried acting out the scenario in the bedroom, it might add a bit of spice to our sex lives".

"Spice?" Beth retorted. "We've made love in every room in the house including he garden shed, much to the amusement of the neighbours. We've done it in the car, in the cinema, in the swimming pool changing rooms, we've made love in the park, on a boat and on a hotel balcony. How much more sodding spice do you need?"

Allan looked shocked.

"I though you liked it" he uttered, looking deep into the amber glow of his drinks glass as though it were a crystal ball, looking for some image or sign that would give him some answers.

There was a short pause.

"Well, I do like it" Beth responded. There was a short pause. "But this is a bit different. It's perverted" she continued.

"No less perverted than making love in a public place" he said, his eyes never leaving his vodka Red Bull. Another silent pause ensued. "Anyway, it would always be you with another, not me with another". There was another short awkward pause in conversation.

"Just in the bedroom?" she replied, her hand stroking his thigh again. He looked up at her sexy brown eyes. God she was horny. He nodded in agreement as he spoke.

"Yes". Beth smiled, her hand reaching the thick denim clad rod that was pressed against his leg. She could almost feel his pulse in his cock through the thick material of his jeans and she imagined the tip of his erection covered in pre-cum, she could almost taste it.

"Then take me, stranger, to your bed and have your wicked way with me" she said, her cute smile showed just a glimmer of impishness, she was warming to the idea of a bit of naughty-ness in their love making. He leaned forward and kissed her forehead before moving his lips down to find her freshly glossed lips. She placed a finger on his lips before he could insert his tongue.

"Not so fast, stranger. Buy me some more drinks and get me pissed, stranger. I don't come cheap" she said, her mood changing to be a little slutty especially for Allan. 

"OK, miss" he said, playing along with the game.

"And don't disappoint me" she said, licking her lips seductively and staring straight at Allan's groin. "I only like BIG BOYS" she said, the words leaving her lips in her sexiest voice, the type you might expect from a premium rate phone number. Allan pondered on how well she might do as an operator on an 0898 number.

"So you'd like a large one, then?" he asked on purpose, knowing Beth would easily interpret his double entendre. 

"You betcha" she replied. "Oh, and while you're at it, I'll have a drink as well!"

Allan grinned at her mirth.

Chapter 2

Allan laid Beth on the bed, their breaths full of alcohol vapour, their kissing passionate and hungry. Tongues wrapped themselves around each other in much the same way as their arms did, hands over each others hot bodies, touching, caressing, teasing each others skin, stroking, massaging, arousing.

Allan disengaged his mouth from Beth's, their breathing deep and erotic. The shadows from the romantic candles danced on the ceiling, adding to the atmosphere, the gentle back ground music and the smell of each other's cologne and perfume awakening all the senses. 

Beth went to speak but Allan placed his finger on his own lip as if to shush her. He leaned forward and nibbled her ear lobe and Beth responded, wrapping her long legs around his well toned hips.

"Tell me about this stranger" he urged her, his speech little more than a whisper. 

"Well, he'd be about your height....." she began, kissing him with each piece of information, "maybe with blond hair and possibly a tattoo on his shoulders" she continued. Allan became more intrigued.

"What else?" he whispered.

"He'd have lots of chest hair so I could feel my breasts being aroused as we made love..." she said, her breathing becoming more laboured as the visualisation manifested itself in her own mind, "...and pearly white teeth. Maybe he'd speak with an Australian accent......" she continued and Allan's mind spun every bit as much as hers must have done. She was really living the dream and Allan couldn't wait to fuck her.

".......and he'd have a big erection, lots of pubic hair which would rub against my clit as we made love......" Allan noticed she always referred to sex as making love.

"......and big balls that slapped against my bottom. He'd gently caress my breasts with his big muscular hands and I'd have to brush his hair out of his eyes as we made out".

Allan could hardly believe his ears. His mind conjured up an image of the Australian cricketer, Brett Lee, with a bit more muscle and height.

"What would you do to him?" Allan asked. Beth closed her eyes, as though she was loosing herself in her own imagination.

"We'd enjoy a few drinks and chat a little. I'd flirt with him and maybe stroke his chest to see just how much chest hair he had. Then, I'd let him kiss me. He'd have to make the first move, you understand" she said, her eyes opening momentarily as she spoke. She disappeared back in to her own little world again.

"I'd suck his tongue whilst he fondled my breasts, I'd let him unclip my bra before taking my top off so as I lifted my arms, he pulled off my top and bra at the same time" she said. Her breathing remained laboured as she laid back on the bed, her arms above her head as though she wanted Allan to caress her breasts as she spoke. Allan reached out for her ample tits and gently cupped them with both hands and Beth squirmed slowly in delight. Beneath the material of her clothing, he could feel her nipples pert and erect, pressing against the tight material, wanting to be liberated and open to the atmosphere. Allan lifted her top over her slim tummy and she sat up enough for Allan to reach behind her and unclip her bra, as she had described a few moments earlier, before removing the offending articles over her head. She collapsed back on the bed and Allan once again reached for her tits.

"Then what" Allan asked, trying to impersonate an Australian accent. 

"I'd let the guy fondle my breasts and suck on them, one at a time, each nipple getting the same amount of attention" she whispered. Allan responded, following her description, his tongue and lips licking and sucking at her nipples, the saliva glistening in the candle light.

"Then, I'd reach for his belt" she said, her arms reaching out for Allan's belt and unbuckling him. She unclipped the button on his jeans and unzipped him.

"Then I'd tell the guy to undress for me so I can see how much he is turned on by me" she said, opening her eyes and sitting up slightly, supporting her self on her elbows. Allan stood and removed his jeans then, slowly and provocatively, he began to lower his boxers. His seven and a half inches stood proud and he so much wanted to fuck his wife but Allan wanted the fantasy to last. She sat up some more and reached out for Allan's erect penis and gently ran her hands down the shaft, her mouth merely centimetres away from the tip, her warm breath gently huffing on his hard moist erection. She teased Allan a little, allowing her long dark hair to fall against his sensitive penis-head, the tingling sending tremors of delight up Allan's spine.

"Then I'd sit him down..." she continued, rolling off the bed so she was squatted in front of him, "...then I'd do this." Beth held his shaft with one hand and placed her mouth at the base of his cock where his scrotum met the penis, her tongue extended and began to lick the sensitive piece of skin. Allan laid back in ecstasy as his wife butterfly flicked his scrotum. He murmured gently.

"You like?" she asked in between flicks of her tongue. 

"Mmm" Allan responded. He was ready to explode but he wanted to cum in her pussy, not on the bed sheets.

As if reading his mind, Bethany continued. "Then I'd do this" she whispered, her voice going as low and seductive as her laboured breathing would allow. She stood and unzipped her short skirt, allowing it to fall to the floor, then hooking her thumbs through the elastic of her panties, she slowly lowered her briefs, revealing inch by inch, more of her pussy until all was in full view. She stepped out of her underwear and knelt on the bed, manoeuvring her way up to Allan's shoulders before straddling his neck, a knee by each of his ears before she lowered her self on to his waiting mouth.

Allan poked his tongue out to meet her soaking wet pussy as her labia met with his lips, her dark pubic hair against his face. Allan adjusted himself so he could breathe through his nose as his tongue lapped eagerly at her moist love lips. Beth squirmed and moaned in delight as his tongue probed at her labia, his lips and tongue nibbling at her clitoris, making her squirm even more. Allan reached up and felt one of her breasts, gently caressing her, feeling her erect nipple against the fleshy part of his fingers. Beth responded, writhing on Allan's face as he turned her on. Unable to take any more, she took control.

"Make love to me" she commanded, dismounting from Allan's face and wriggling down his body until she was over his groin. She grabbed his erection with her hand and directed herself towards it, wanking him slowly in the process. Allan groaned in pleasure. He felt her warmness as she lowered herself onto him, impaling herself on his dick.

"Mmm" Allan murmured as he entered her, his eyes half open as he used his other senses to enjoy the experience.

"Fuck me" she said and Allan open his eyes sharply. Beth was not usually this coarse when they had sex. 

"Pardon?"

"I said Fuck me" she repeated. Allan was turned on even more by her dirty talk.
