 She stands quiet and naked in the corner. Not moving, barely breathing, the music has taken her to far away places. Something about it reaches her core and transports her far beyond anywhere she has been. Her eyes are closed; the sunlight forms a halo around her hair. She is so beautiful.

He takes her into his arms and she melts against him. He stands with her for a long time. Their bodies fit perfectly. He breathes her in, her smell, her peacefulness, her womaness. All that she can be, she is at this moment.

She rises up slowly to his lips. With a tenderness that takes his breath, she barely touches her lips to his. Their tongues gently circle and he knows that she is here with him now. 

Still with eyes closed, she begins moving down his naked body. Her hands feeling every inch of him, the touch is the most important part of this play. She feels the muscles of his back, the slope of his ass, the firmness of his thighs. As she moves lower, his cock slides up her belly, between her breasts, under her chin, to her mouth. Her tongue finds the head, and a low moan finds its way up from the deepest parts of her, everything about his body is a thrill.

Sucking him slow she feels the tingles that start inside her thighs and work their way straight to her pussy. She needs him. Her desire is all consuming. Faster she begins sucking, her hands finding his balls, and then moving to his ass so that she can push him deep in her mouth. She can’t get enough of him, he can’t get far enough in to suit her, she could eat him alive, swallow him whole.

He stands tall above her, his eyes full of lust and love. She is sucking hard and deep and though he tries so hard to remain calm, his hips begin rocking back and forth. Deeper and deeper he is plunging, fucking her face with maddening alarm. His body is pulsating, his ears are deaf now and he can no longer see, grunting, moaning, he is slamming into her. His breath is coming in hitches and his head is spinning. Slamming her violently he cums, deep within her throat, she takes it all, begs for more. 

Her face is no longer peaceful, but full of heat, she begins biting his thighs, the floor is slick with her cum, she moves to his knees, his calves, down to his feet, biting, sucking, moaning with desire. 

Reaching down he takes her by the arms and forces her to stand. He smashes her against the wall, kissing her deep. She is still burning with desire and her mouth is hard, her kisses sharp. He moves quickly to her neck, sucking hard enough to leave bruises. He takes her breasts in his hands, her nipples in his pinching fingers. His beard is rough and it makes her feel alive. She has her hands on both sides of his head, guiding his mouth to where she needs it most.

Down her belly, to her pussy he moves, fast, hard, she spreads her legs as his tongue breaks through to reach her clit. Oh god, she says aloud, as he slides his finger inside of her. His tongue is moving back and forth, up and down, fast across her clit, his beard scratching her raw, still she can’t get enough. She is moving up and down, moaning, her legs are quivering, she is going to fall. 

He guides her to the floor, spreading her legs wide as he does. He slides his face along her thighs and she yells out in passion. Without saying a word he mounts her and jams his rock hard cock into her. OH GOD, she is yelling, Oh God, Oh God, he is pounding her wet pussy as hard as he pounded her face, her hands working his back, her mouth moving from his face to his neck and back again, nibbles, bites, kisses. His hands squeezing her breasts, “Oh god please don’t stop, don’t stop, don’t stop”. Her passion is so high, she can’t breath she has no control as she cums over and over and over. Her hands beating his back, squeezing his ass, she is biting his shoulder, He is bucking wildly, deeply, thrusting back and forth the full size of his dick, and again he looses sight, sound and with one last deep thrust he joins her as she lets loose again her creamy circumstance.