 I woke early and lay in bed for a while, watching him gently breathing in and out. He was my ideal man – he was gorgeous (short blond hair, deep blue eyes, perfect skin and a well toned body) and so kind and caring it put all other men to shame. He was always so considerate in bed that it was never a disappointment. I smiled to myself at the memory of last night's passion. I felt my body stir at the thought of it.

I got up quietly so as not to disturb him. I threw on the first thing that came to hand, which was one of his old shirts, which he now only used for decorating. It was covered in paint splotches, and I glanced round the bedroom. The half painted walls were also a reminder of last night. We had been painting for some time, and had had a bottle of wine to help us through the boredom. We got more and more playful, until one thing had led to another and the decorating had been forgotten.

I padded quietly down to the kitchen and out together a tray for breakfast. I felt like treating him so I prepared all his favourites – fresh coffee, croissants and butter, and, I thought to myself, me! The thought occurred to me that he loved to see me in his shirts, preferably with nothing else, as I was this morning. I laughed out loud with sheer happiness, and then shushed myself, not wanting to wake him.

I crept back upstairs, tray in hand, and stood in the bedroom doorway. He was still asleep. The covers were down at his waist revealing his firm, toned chest and abdomen. His perfect face was so calm I could have watched him forever. I cleared my throat and smiled as he stirred a little. I did it again and this time he woke up and looked over at me, bleary-eyed, and smiled. 

"Good morning," he murmured. "You look good today!"

"Thanks, hun. I brought you breakfast," I smiled down at him as I moved round to the side of the bed to put the tray down next to him. 

"Looks good," he said. I looked up at him to discover he was actually looking at me, not breakfast. I blushed a little and felt the first stirrings of arousal deep inside. He reached out his hand and started to gently stroke up and down my thigh. I watched his hand as it travelled carefully up and down. 

"You know I can't resist you in my shirts!" he whispered, and I noticed the bulge under the covers. I lifted my thigh onto the bed so I was kneeling and standing at the same time. His hand moved round to caress the inner flesh of my thighs and I felt my cunt begin to tingle in response. 

"I had that fantasy again last night," he said as his hand edged further up my thigh. 

"Which one?" I asked, somewhat distractedly.

"That one where you go into town, without underwear on," he replied, his hand teasing the skin right at the top of my thighs. Now he had my full attention. We both shared this fantasy.

"I think you should do it for me today," he whispered as he cupped my hot cunt in his hand and held it there. Now I was really hot!! I could feel the moisture flowing gently from my slit out onto his hand. The thought of actually carrying out our fantasy was so horny I thought I might cum there and then. He started to rub his hand slowly back and forth over my aching cunt as he talked.

"You could go on the bus, and get some lunch. Maybe visit a bookshop?" he winked. We were both into reading erotica whenever we could. "You never know who you might bump into!" He dipped his middle finger gently between my lips and moved it in a beckoning motion just inside me. He knew just where my thoughts would be heading by now. My other fantasies involved being touched up by another woman on a bus or train, and the thought that someone might catch me looking at some erotica was such a sexy thought. By now his finger was well inside me, and I let out a gentle sigh of pleasure. He withdrew his finger slowly and trailed the heat and moisture up to my clit. He started to circle it gently, and I moaned at the first contact my throbbing clit had had. 

"So what do you reckon? Are you going to do it, for me?" He started to gently flick and tease my clit, watching my face for the reaction he knew he would get. My eyes were shut tight, and my mouth was slightly open. I was barely breathing. My entire body was focused between my legs. 

"Maybe. I don't know," I muttered between moans. That wasn't enough for him though. He rubbed my clit in long, slow strokes while with his other hand he circled my slick cunt, teasing the outer flesh. 

"Please!" I moaned. The tension was both awful and delicious.

"Say you'll do it!" He winked again. His movements slowed right down, and I could barely feel it, as he was now so gentle. I needed to cum.

"That's……black……mail," I gasped, desperate for release, but not wanting it to end.

"I know!" he whispered as he started to apply more pressure and as his movements sped up a little. I was so close now, but I knew that if I refused to answer he could keep me on the edge for as long as it took. I was tempted to make it last, but my body wasn't.

"Alright…….I'll….do it…." I whispered as I felt my orgasm stirring deep inside. 

"Good girl!" he grinned. He started to rub my clit in fast and firm strokes, while his other hand was now parting my wet lips as he dipped a finger deep inside and stroked it in and out. 

I came hard. I let out a long, loud moan of release that seemed to last forever. My legs trembled with the strength of it and I felt my cunt pulsing rhythmically around his finger. My clit throbbed at his touch. He didn't stop until my breathing had returned almost to normal, then he took his finger away from my clit and withdrew his other hand gently from my cunt, which was still dripping.

I looked down at him, lying on the bed. His own arousal was clear from the large bulge under the covers. He looked up at me with need in his eyes. I gently eased the covers down his body, slowly revealing his chest. I pulled it further, easing it over his hard cock. The friction this provided made him grimace in frustrated pleasure. I pulled the cover down over his feet, and off. His erection was standing proud and pre-cum was seeping from his cock-tip. The sight of his manhood, so strong and hard, sent shivers deep inside me and, although I'd cum just seconds earlier, I felt the familiar stirring of excitement in my cunt.

I gently straddled him, my cunt above his cock. His face was flushed with anticipation and desire. I lowered myself a little so that his cock was just in contact with my cunt. I gently rocked my hips so that his tip could slide back and forth between my wet lips. He let out a gasp of pleasure and I could see in his face he needed more, and soon. I wanted to make the most of this, however. Knowing how much he loved seeing me make myself cum I decided to give him a little show, while at the same time teasing his cock head between my cunt lips. 

With my hips still rocking I brought my hands up to my tits. My nipples were still hard from earlier, and as I gently circled them with my fingertips they became harder still. I rolled them gently between my fingers, and let out a sigh at the shot of pleasure this gave me. He, too, was enjoying it, and I felt his cock twitch. As his cock tip slid gently back and forth I could feel my own orgasm building up, and I knew that by now he must be desperate for release. 

I reached my hands down to between my legs. With my left I splayed my cunt around my clit to reveal its hard, pink nub. He licked his lips when he saw it. This turned me on so much – I wished his tongue was on my clit, licking and teasing it. I used my right hand to gently circle and tease my clit, barely touching it, making it beg. I started to moan a little, and this made his cock twitch once again.

"Please, baby!" he whispered. It wasn't often that he begged and I knew that he was close to exploding, with or without my help. 

I reluctantly pulled my hands away from my aching clit and placed them on his chest. I leant forward and slowly, inch by inch, lowered my hot, tight cunt down onto his hard shaft. I teased us both by taking an inch at a time, then pulling up again, letting him slide out of me. Then two inches, and up again. Then three, and so on until I had his full length inside me. When I took him all the way in we both let out a long sigh.

I held him there for a few second, gently squeezing my inner muscles around his hard length. We were both breathing slowly and heavily. Then I started to rock my hips. Slowly at first, then faster as my own need took over. Then I was pumping. Easing him in and out of my tight channel, squeezing and sucking with my inner muscles. I looked quickly at his face. His eyes were tight shut and his mouth was in a grimace. I knew he would cum any second. I stopped. His eyes flew open and he stared at me in disbelief and frustration.

"What are you trying to do to me?!" he gasped, barely able to breathe. I leant forward, trying not to move my hips at all. 

"I love you so much!" I whispered. Then I kissed him – a deep, passionate kiss. His cock twitched inside me.

I sat back up and pumped hard on his shaft. Suddenly, like a volcano, he came. I felt his hot spunk shoot up inside me, filling me. He yelled out, a harsh, animal grunt. Moments later my own orgasm pulsed through me and I too cried out. Our cries and grunts mixed together, spurring each other on. We came hard with each other for what felt like an age. Eventually we subsided and I lay down by his side as we caught our breath. 

"Today will be a good day!" I murmured in his ear. 

"Oh yes," he whispered.