 It's the middle of the night and I've been asleep for hours, but I woke up to one simple thought: you. Why do you do what you do to me? I don't understand. How many years has it been? Besides that, I've moved away from our meeting place and you have too. You write me and it happens... I fall in love with you all over again. I ignore every time you didn't show up when you said you would. I ignore every phone call you never answered. I ignore every sign of disinterest you ever showed in me. I'm just stuck on what you said last night after I sent you that picture of my naked body's reflection in the dusty mirror. I'm stuck on how it made me feel.

"God damn, Peyton. I want to rip you the fuck apart. You have such a gorgeous body, babe. Holy fuck. I just want to lick you from head to toe. I want to taste all the sweat from under your arms, where your thighs meet, and underneath your beautiful breasts. I want to feel your warm blood racing just beneath your irresistible pale skin, feel your electricity, excite you, and tingle all the spots that make you melt. I want to caress your vagina softly and slowly with my face. I want you to make a mess all over me from how worked up I will make you. I want to do more and make you feel more than just a simple, plain old fuck, Peyton. I want to make love to you and make an unbreakable bond with you. I'm so far away from you, but I can literally feel you in my soul and have become aware of your energy. I've never felt anything like it, Peyton".

I've never felt so wanted in my life. So now I'm awake for a little while thinking and dreaming and fantasizing up all the glorious things I want to do to you... running my fingers through your hair, sucking on your neck, tracing your outer ear with my tongue, nibbling your shoulders and crawling down as my fingers trace your skin, then making my way back up to kiss you and force the anticipation to rule over you. I want to feel how hard I make you pressed against me, slapping my clit, rubbing against every part of me. 

Mmm, baby... I can almost feel you now... your enormous cock on my skin and your mouth on mine until I've tortured myself long enough and I HAVE to taste you... your adonic, sculpted, irresistible body being the road to the gold. I would take your balls in my hand and twirl them around, the glow in your eyes lighting an intense desire that sends shockwaves through me and forces my tongue to the tip of your swollen cock to trace circles around and around as you gather my hair in your hand. Very slowly would I wrap my lips around the head and move up and down, releasing you only to trace pathways up and down your shaft with my tongue and spit on it to make sure I can take you. I'd want you to feel all my desire with every single lick and touch, taking you between my warm, soft lips again and continuing further down on you, hearing you moan softly and whisper dirty things to the air that's rushing past my ears carrying all the different sounds with it, sucking harder the closer to your base I got, applying suction to the head and then releasing, lubricating you before taking you all the way in with a quick inhalation. 

I would cheat you out of your orgasm a few times by stopping as soon as I felt your balls tense up. I would kiss your hips and draw pictures on your skin with my fingertips to pass the minutes, but finally I wouldn't be able to wait any longer and I would want to feel your hot cum against my skin and I would lay on my back, demand your presence on top of me, cradle your nuts in one hand, jacking you off with the other until you exploded all over my boobs and I would moan as I inexorably knew the sensation of hearing your obscenities escape your mouth in the light that only comes from the deepest, most sexual place inside you. I would want to revisit it over and over and over again. 

We would clean up the mess and collapse in the moonlight with our naked bodies pressed against each other and our breathlessness carrying us off into the dreams which had just been fulfilled and never again would we have to wonder whether it would ever actually happen... whether all of the fantasies we'd confessed to each other would ever actually come true. We'd have an adventure the next day and return back to the bed just to do it all over again the next day.

Goodnight, love. If you ever wake up in the night and need something or someone, you know who to call.