 Back when I was a recent high school graduate in Wisconsin, my parents thought it would be a great idea for me to take a job as a farmhand on their friend's dairy farm. My father said the hard work would build character. I pretended to protest the idea, but I actually could not wait. The owner had three absolutely gorgeous daughters, who were coincidently virgins. 

Since my parents lived so far away I was "forced" to live up there on the farm. To let you know about the situation let me describe the girls to you. The oldest, Lisa, who is a year older then me, is about 5-5, 125 lbs., brown hair, bright green eyes, with a huge set of tits that always gave me a hard on every time she brushed by me. The second sister, Melissa, was the same age as me. She was in my opinion the best looking of the three. She was 5-2, 110 lbs, blonde hair, blue eyes, with C-cup tits on her petite little frame. The third sister, Kara, was a year younger then me. She was 5-6, 125, with big brown eyes, and brown hair. She lacked the huge tits of her sisters, they were only a B-cup. But she made up for it with her tight ass that she always showed by wearing a pair of tight cut-offs.

Like the daughters were not enough, they also had to incredible looking cousins staying with them for the summer. They both had dark hair and dark eyes with incredible bodies. The oldest, Nicki, was a nurse at a local clinic. She was much older then me but was great to see naked once in a while. The other cousin Samantha was Kara's age and was the spitting image of her luscious sister. Even though she was young she was probably the horniest of them all.

I was in heaven. It was me living in a house with 7 very hot women, that is if you count the mom who was still very hot in her own aspect. The girls had become very accustomed to walking around their house nude before myself and another guy, Mike, came to work for them. Their father was pretty relaxed. He was usually asleep, or indifferent to them being nude all the time, which seems to me would have been difficult even though they were my daughters. But when myself and Mike were around their mother made them cover up. This was usually a T-Shirt and panties or a towel. The parents over protective, along with the fact that they were about ten miles away from any bad influence, made these girls about 5 years behind in guy exploration. With me and my new buddy Mike living up their things were going to change fast.

Mike and I started out by acting like we were going up to our room on the backside of the house when we were actually going to do a little voyeurism. We had a separate stairway to our room, but it was separated by a door from the oldest sister Lisa's room. And since they had so many people staying in the house the oldest cousin Nicki slept in the same bed with Lisa. The door between our rooms had one great feature, a 1 1/2" space between it and the floor. Being inginuitive we took pieces of a mirror and were able to watch tem from under the door. This was hours of entertainment for a raging teenager. The best girl to watch was always Lisa. She was the oldest of the virgins, and was obviously very curious about sex. 

One morning she came in from the shower nude a usual and began to explore her body as she usually did. She would spend sometimes upwards of a half hour looking at her tits and as in the mirror. This day was different, instead of just feeling her self over she was starting to get herself off. With one hand she pulled at her huge nipples and with the other hand she slipped a finger into her small little pussy. I couldn't believe it, innocent Lisa was masturbating in front of the mirror. She then removed her finger from her clit and put it into her mouth. I thought it was for lubrication, but she was doing it because she like the taste. 

She did it over and over again. Every time she licked her own juices from her fingers and moaned. She became aroused to the point, that her body began to shiver as she collapsed upon the mirror. Her tits were smashed against the glass as she proceeded to finger her pussy and ass from behind. As I laid there on the carpet looking at her through my peeking devise I got so horny I came in my pants at the same time she began coming on her hand. She caught all of the juices in her hand then licked them off her hand, it was an incredible sight. 

I kept up with my peeping and eventually saw everyone of the girls totally naked. Even though they had some of the best bodied I have ever seen it began to get boring. Then an unexpected event happened. Attached to the house was a connection between the house and the barn. Years ago the rooms upstairs in the extension were used as a bed and breakfast. Over the years the rooms had filled full of antiques and were unusable. The girls were staying up late watching movies in the downstairs living room. This kept their parents awake so they needed to do something. So they cleaned out the old guest rooms on the other side of house. The girls put to queen sized mattresses on the floor of the room and laid their and watched T.V. and movies. It was like a big constant slumber party. Since they had the movies Mike and I had to watch movies up their with them. Eventually we began dozing off and sleeping up their with the girls also. 

Mike was much braver then I, he went straight for the blonde Melissa. He started out by putting his arm over her when they slept and eventually graduated into fingering her little pussy and feeling up her large tits. One night as I laid their I could hear Mike fingering Mel. It was pitch black in the room so I laid their wondering how her wet pussy felt, and got a huge hard on. I laid their between to gorgeous girls, Kara on my right who was fast asleep, and the cousin Samantha on my left who was tossing and turning. 

Eventually Samantha sat up in the blackness and mumbled something about going the bathroom. I just laid quietly as if I were asleep. She went to brace herself to get up in the dark and ended up placing her hand on my raging hard-on, she quickly took away her hand with a small gasp then she did something totally unexpected she reached down in the dark and wrapped her hand around the base of my dick and let it go again. She then got up and ran to the bathroom.

It took her about two minutes to go to the bathroom. When she returned she immediately cuddled up to me who she thought was asleep. I pretended to wake up and rolled over placing one hand on her back. She responded by putting her arm over me and beginning to rub my back. I retuned the backrub and got brave and began to trace the lines of her panties on her small little ass. Her ass was so tight, it fit perfectly into the palm of my hand. She began to get wild, she took my hand off her panties and then ripped them down herself. She then put my hand back on her bare ass. She then reached into my pants and began pulling on my swollen cock. She was so excited I thought she was going to pull it off, she was going crazy.

I pulled my pants off so she could get both of her little hand around my cock. I know Mike and 

Melissa could hear us, but it was so dark I didn't care. She wasted no time, she pulled at me until I got on top of her. I wasn't sure if she wanted my cock inside her since she was a young virgin. I thought she might not want to loose it like this. Then she put her hands on my bare ass and pulled me closer by jerking me three times. I asked her if she thought we should do this and she replied I want it now. Who could resist, I took my eight inch dick and lined it up with the wet lips of her little pussy. I eased the head in then jammed my hole dick into her awaiting pussy. She let out muffled scream into the darkness, I heard Mike and Melissa let out a giggle, but I as unphased. I continued to pound her tight pussy over and over again. She was so tight it made my dick ache. Just the thought of who I was fucking was enough to make me cum. I pulled my dick out, grabbed it in my hand, and came all over her young tits. This was the best of experience of my life so far but their was still a whole house of girls to still fuck the hell out of.