 My pick up and fuck in a steam room

I was really going for it on the running machine when I first saw him. Although I was wearing a strong sports bra, my tits were leaping around as he walked past. Our eyes met, he smiled and I found myself smiling back. He was gorgeous. Probably late twenties, blonde, tall, muscular, tanned and handsome. He had one of those demeanours that exuded warmth and friendliness. 

My gym was being refurbed and I had been given free usage of another gym a few miles away. It wasn't as nice a place as my one, but it had some compensations, I smiled.

He went onto a machine slightly behind me, but just in my eyeline. I could feel his eyes on me. I turned and caught him looking, presumably at my bum. I was wearing tight, hipster gym trousers. He smiled again and, unusually for I was quite used to getting hit on at the gym, I smiled back. What the fuck was going on?

He moved to another machine, where he sat down facing me. I stopped running; I was tired and sweating and felt awkward with his eyes on my bouncing tits. I went onto a rowing machine. Stretching forward and then pulling hard on the 'oars' as I arched my back I again saw him staring. He was sitting, his legs in short shorts wide open as he reached up and pulled down on the two bars. On each upward stretch the material of his shorts was pulled tightly across his stomach, emphasising his bulge and the bottom of his short singlet, which was not tucked in, rose up his stomach; I took surreptitious glances at him, as I knew he was of me, what a six-pack I saw from the corner of my eye. Was this what ending celibacy was all about?

I finished my workout. Picking up my towel, headphones and water bottle I walked towards the gym door. To get there I had to walk between a long line of exercise machines. To my left, there was another walkway between the rows of machines. There were lots of young girls just out from work in the big offices, mainly banks, that surround the gym in Docklands. Slim, with stick-like figures, tiny bums and small tits, I envied both their evident fitness and their lithe, slender figures. Then I saw him. He was walking along the other walkway slightly behind me, hardly looking at the swaying bums and jiggling tits, but instead at me. That actually made me feel good, I was flattered. This gorgeous-looking, beautifully put together young man, ogling my forty plus body, not those of the twenty somethings.

As I left the gym and headed down the stairs to the changing room he was just behind me. Suddenly, and inexplicably, my mind went back to the previous Friday. I thought of Grant, the male hooker I had invited to a hotel room I had taken for the afternoon. I found myself almost trembling as I reached the foot of the staircase at the same time as him, for my mind was recalling the amazing time I had with that hooker.

"Hi Chrissy, how are you?" A girl I had got to know quite well at the gym asked. She went on. "Are you ok?

"Yes sorry Gill, I was miles away," I replied as my mind recalled Grant's big, black cock exploding sending streams of his cum all over my tits which I was holding together to receive his offering.

"I'm just going to press some weights, see you soon," Gill said.

"Great, I'll see you later then." I said stammering a bit at the clarity of my recall of both him cumming on my tits and the two fucks we had later.

I had all but forgotten my mystery admirer, as I peeled off my tight vest, sports bra, trousers and thong in the changing cubicle. As I struggled them off I wondered why gym gear for women especially has to be so tight or, was it just me? No I knew it wasn't just me, I concluded standing there naked looking in the mirror. We all wore our tops, singlets, shorts, cropped pants, long trousers or leotards very tight. Now that may be fine for the twenty something stick insects, but for forty old year old, rather more voluptuous with saggy bits and unwanted lumps and bumps old birds like me, it wasn't quite so appropriate, I thought my eyes running up and down my nude body. Still mystery man hadn't minded, I thought as I cupped my boobs and contemplated masturbating, so arousing had been the memories of last Friday.

As I slipped into the 'sensible' bikini, the hunk who had been eyeing me up in the gym came into my mind: could he be part two? The only problem at the moment was that this was only the Wednesday!

I was wearing a yellow bikini, the panties of which were quite full. They covered all of my bum and the waistband was quite some way up my tummy. The bra wasn't cut that acute across my boobs so, given that it was a bikini, I wasn't showing that much. Past experiences had taught me never to wear skimpy ones at the gym pool.

I tied my hair up into a roll at the back, pinned it and then walked out of the cubicle and with my towel and water bottle in hand I entered the pool area. That contained a large swimming pool, five or six different spas, several types of shower, a couple of saunas and a steam room. 

I showered and slipped into the pool. It wasn't until I had finished a few lengths that I saw him standing leaning against the sauna talking to one of the instructors, a pretty girl aged around thirty with blonde hair. I glanced at him and saw that he seemed to be focusing entirely on her, but then he looked over her shoulder and, although we were twenty or so yards apart, our eyes met. I ducked my head into the water. The same thing happened on the next lap and the next. I finished my swim, pulled into the side and walked up the steps wondering, but not daring to look down to check, if the cool water had hardened my nipples? 

He had moved round to one of the spas and was sitting on the low wall staring at me: did that mean they had? He was wearing fairly tight shorts, his body and hair were wet, he looked good. He smiled, I just about smiled back. I went to the shower and stood under that letting the warm water wash the chlorine away. I went to the massage spa, the one with the fiercest bubbles. His eyes followed me from the wall of the next pool. I sat and relaxed in the pool, my eyes closed the waters whooshing all round me. I opened my eyes. He was sitting two places away from me. I closed my eyes again. The water was pounding at my body shaking and wobbling my boobs, I knew that made for quite a sight. I opened my eyes again, he was still there and still staring.

The whole pool area had cleared out quite a bit and we were the only two in that spa. Thankfully he didn't speak, but then I didn't think that he needed to, his eyes said all that was needed, I thought. His eyes said what Grant had done twice last Friday, that he wanted to fuck me, of that I was sure, well women know don't we?

Lying back against the wall of the round pool with the jets of water bashing against my body, making everything jiggle, I saw that his eyes were looking at my bouncing tits. They watched me as I stood up when the bubbles stopped. They were on my bum as I clambered up the steps, on my side as I walked round the pool and again on my rear as I strode alongside the pool to the steam room.

Was I exaggerating the jiggle of my tits? Was I emphasising the wiggle of my hips? Did I actually glance over my shoulder? Was Friday starting to happen early?

Naturally he followed me into the steam room. There were two others in there, both older women on the large side. They were nattering away 'nineteen to the dozen' and had hardly noticed me sit down; they didn't even notice when gorgeous entered. He sat alongside from me so that we were discretely two places apart. I felt him glance at me and I sneaked a couple of looks at him when I didn't think he was looking. Clad just in his tiny shorts, soaking wet, sweating and close up, he was even more appealing. Fuck what was happening to me? I almost smiled as I answere that question with. 'Pretty much exactly what you want to happen to you, you are meeting a stranger who you might fuck.'

I'm not sure whether I was apprehensive or elated when the two women left. I glanced out of the partially steamed up, glass door and looked across the pool area; it looked deserted. Could I fuck him here, suddenly came into my mind? God what was I thinking? What I was thinking, was that I was pretty sure Friday had arrived early!

"Hi," he said.

Turning my head I saw that he was leaning forward. "Hello."

"Hot enough for you?"

"Yes it's fine, thanks." I said, leaning my head back against the wall, closing my eyes and resting my hands on my knees: my back was at a slight angle to the wall.

Inane chatter, just what I didn't want.

The steam room is deep and rather narrow. It has tiled seating all the way round and could comfortably seat probably twenty or so with seven or eight along either side, the remainder at the end away from the door where we were sitting, me at the end, gorgeous on the side, two places away from me. It is quite dark and there is that spa sort of mystical musing playing. The glass door looks out over the pool and anyone approaching can be seen for some way off. Also, I suddenly realised, as I opened my eyes and saw that he had moved slightly nearer and was staring at me, when I had entered the room, it took a few moments for my eyes to get accustomed to the gloom and steam. That told me that anyone coming in would not be able to see anything at the far end of the room.

Was it a form of madness? An insanity that had lay dormant in me all my life? I don't know, but I suddenly became the sort of female that many men spend their entire life hoping to meet. The one in a million woman, who needs to have sex and is willing to have it anywhere and with anyone.

I leaned further back, stretched my legs out and rested my head against the wall. My eyes were tightly closed as I bent my arms and ran my hands up from my elbows onto my shoulders. I held my crossed arms there for a moment or two, my right hand on my left bicep. Then I ran both of them downwards uncrossing them as they glided along my chest, over each breast, down to my hips and onto the fronts of my thighs. I left them there as slowly, I partially opened my legs. I didn't look at him, but squinting through my eyes now and then, I kept a look out for anyone crossing the pool in the direction of the steam room.

I felt amazing. So powerful, liberated, adventurous and totally fucking horny. 

I started moving again. Up my legs, over the slight bulge of my tummy, up my lower chest until the sides of my thumbs were touching the undersides of my boobs. I paused and pressed, my thumbs sinking into each mound a little. Then, bending my hands away from my body I cupped each of my tits and lifted them up a little.

"Oh fuck," I heard him say. "What's your name?"

"That doesn't matter, don't talk, just look and do as I say," I replied curtly.

I rolled my boobs around slowly edging my hands upwards until they were pressing against the front of each one. Then delicately, gently, invitingly and so suggestively I eased my fingers inside both cups of my bra: they were on the bare flesh of my tits, just touching the, almost, rubbery dimpled pinkness of my areola and the protuberance of my extended nipples.

I glanced at him. The look of sheer lust and desire on his face was fantastic. It started to make some sense of the performance I was putting on; well my tortured logic thought it did.

I pinched my nipples, quite hard. I pulled them and twisted them, putting on this extravagant show for my silent, but gorgeous admirer.

I opened my eyes, but continued pinching my nipples as I stared at him. He half-smiled, as I did too. He went to speak, but I shook my head as, holding his gaze, I slowly eased each breast out of its cup. The band of yellow material was under my breasts as I held each of them, almost offering them to him. He leaned forward.

"May I touch?"

"Mmmm," was all I could, or wanted, to manage.

He had a remarkably light and nice touch. Unlike many men, he didn't treat my nipples like taps and twist and turn them roughly. Instead, he flittered his fingertips around and across them, more like women do. He cupped each boob, squeezed them and pressed the two orbs together into one mass of tit flesh.

He had now moved right next to me and had put his arm round my shoulder. As he caressed my breasts he went to kiss me. I turned my head away.

"What's the matter?"

"Nothing."

"Then let me kiss you."

"No, just do what you are doing."

He got the message.

I slid my hand down his chest and across his youthfully flat and taught stomach to find, inside his shorts an equally youthfully taught cock. It was so hard, just like Grant's. God how I had missed the hardness of young men.

I pushed the waist of his shorts down a little so I could get to him more easily. I stroked his cock and cupped his balls as I felt his fingers slipping into the panties of my bikini.

Although I was pretty confident we would be ok, even if someone did come in, I kept glancing through the door. I could see a few people moving around, but none seemed to be heading our way. 

I slid myself forward a little and lifted my bum. It was as clear an invitation as I could give without speaking. He slid the panties down my thighs a little, but sensibly, made no effort to remove them. I opened my legs. His fingers found my slit, fumbled a moment or two then lighted right on my clit. It felt wonderful and my whole body jerked as he rubbed it, with just the right amount of pressure. At the same time, I rubbed him more firmly. That felt fantastic and the combination of the two was amazing. 

He made me cum, quickly. 

The excitement of the outrageous thing I was doing, where I was doing it and him, combined to put me over the top almost as soon as his fingers entered me.

I closed my thighs around his hand and, unashamedly, thrust myself downwards onto his pleasure giving fingers, onto the surrogate cock he had shoved up my cunt. I squirmed and writhed, my eyes closed my mouth open gasping for breath and groaning with excitement as I climaxed powerfully, his so hard cock still in my hand.

He leaned forward, putting his arm round my shoulders and pulling me to him as he placed little kisses over my head. It felt nice and I let him continue, but stopped him when he pulled my face up and went to kiss me on my lips.

"No, don't."

"Sorry, but that was incredible, did you enjoy it?

"I don't want to talk about it," I replied.

"Sorry."

"That's ok, but just don't say a word. Stand up."

He did as I told him and stood in front of where I was sitting. His shorts were round his knees; his erection was rearing up his beautifully flat stomach, right in front of my face. I took it in my hands; it looked wonderful. It's so odd isn't it that most women when they look at photos of naked dicks feel little? Even seeing a naked one doesn't do that much. But when close up and personal to one which you are making love to, it takes on a whole different perspective and becomes an object of extreme beauty. The gorgeous one's cock became just that.

I kissed it, I couldn't stop myself licking it, stroking it and running my tongue up and down its gloriously, hard length. I felt his hands on my head, holding it, caressing it, pulling it closer. I let him do that, pulling his erection away from his body so that it was, almost, parallel to the ground, so that it was at the right angle, so that it was ready for what I now had to do.

It tasted as wonderful as it looked. I took him deep into my mouth and then almost out. I sucked the very tip and then surged it onto the depths of my throat. I took one, then the other then both of his balls into my mouth as I softly scratched him between the back of them and his bum.

His hands found my breasts. He squeezed and pressed them and my nipples. He tried to get his hand further down my body, but our positions prevented that. 

"Kneel on the bench," he croaked.

I did.

His hands immediately went between my legs, from behind. I opened them, invitingly.

I was now pumping him in and out of my mouth nicely rhythmically. His fingers found that rhythm and his cock found it too. He started to finger fuck me as his cock started to fuck my face. We were both near. I could feel my body starting to boil over and I could feel his extra tension in my mouth.

Considerately, I thought, he grunted.

"Oh fuck I'm cumming."

I slid him out, and slipped his cock between my tits, pressing them, wrapping them round him. And like that he exploded. I couldn't remember ever seeing so much sperm, but then it had been such a time since I had had such a young man.

"That was amazing, thanks," he said.

"Shush," I said sliding my panties up and putting my boobs back in the bra.

"I want you," he said. "I want to fuck you."

"Yes," I replied. "Wait here, I'll be right back."

I almost ran across the pool, showered quickly and was in my car and on my home within minutes. Enough is enough I was thinking as I opened my flat door and saw my daughter and her friends there doing their homework. It seemed as if it must have been a different person who such a short time ago sucked a man's cock in a public place.