 Chapter 03 -- The Bedroom

Just gonna wash up and head to bed

The characters, situations and actions in this story are merely figments of an unusual imagination. So unusual, in fact, that the author doesn't actually exist.

NC<18 -- No characters under the age of 18 are depicted in this story.

This is a copyrighted original work of erotic fiction. All rights reserved.

I could have stayed there and watched that all night.

Sure.

I could have.

But I didn't.

I ran back into the house and took the stairs by two.

I skidded to a halt outside the bathroom and tried to catch my breath. Why run then wait? Macho pride, that's why. Couldn't let myself be seen out of breath for having just come up a single flight of stairs, huh?

I walked into the bathroom and asked, "Mind if I join you?"

Bobbi Jo had turned them around so Betty's breasts were being pressed against the glass door and both of them were staring at me. Then their eyes dropped to my crotch and saw my erection.

"Really, mister? We weren't sure if you were going to be able to go again tonight."

"Ha ha. Go ahead, laugh at the old man."

"Sorry, didn't mean we thought you were old, we just thought that with as much cum as you dumped down Bobbi Jo's throat you might need a while to recuperate. Hell, I've seen bulls service a single cow once and need a few days before going again."  

"Actually," I said, "I've found that once the first one is out of the way I last a lot longer for the rest of 'em."

"The REST of them?"

I walked over and opened the door to join them inside the little glass cubicle. The water was a little more than luke-warm (Who is Luke and how warm is he, anyway? And why was it him they chose and not Mark or Bill or..? Never mind.).

"So how much time do we have before the water gets cold?"

"Oh, we have a while. We have a hundred-gallon tank we keep set high. We have a lot of cold running right now to cool it down in fact. We didn't want to get the windows all steamy so you couldn't see us."

"Sexy little minxes," I said and I reached for the soap.

"Unh uh, mister," Betty said. That's our job!"

I thought she was going to reach for the soap, and she did. But she didn't rub it on me, she started rubbing it on herself as she handed the bottle over to Bobbi Jo.

"Hey, I thought you were going to wash me?"

"Oh, we are, mister. We're just going to do it our way. Now stand still."

With that, they closed in on me to stand on either side of me. Betty stooped a bit so her tits were spread to either side of my hand and Bobbi Jo scooted in on the other side and squatted so her boobs were spread around my elbow.

They braced their hands on my stomach and back, then each began sliding up and down with my arms pressed between theirs tits. After a couple of scrubs, Betty told me to turn my arm around so she could get the inside. As she did, my hand rested on her flat stomach and I could feel the muscles underneath that tan skin.

"Turn around." I did as they pulled back as bit to make room for me to do so,

They repeated the process on the opposite sides until I guess they figured I was clean enough, then Bobbi Jo stepped behind me and began to rub her boobs across my back while her arms reached around me and began to soap my chest and shoulders. I turned to kiss her over my shoulder.

"Hey, how come my arms and my back got clean that way but my chest just gets hands?" I protested.

"Sssshhh."

That's when I felt Betty's little boobies begin to slide slowly back and forth across my lower chest and stomach. The head of my cock was rubbing against her belly, but she would stop just short of letting it hit the bottom of her tits. I groaned every time they came close, and she would quickly move away from it.

They rocked back and forth and up and down, and gently scrubbed my upper body, then spun me again and repeated their scrubbing. Now Betty's boobs were on my lower back and the top of my ass and Bobbi Jo's were on my chest. I discovered just how good nipple-to-nipple stimulation felt when she grabbed her tits and used hers to clean mine.

Eventually they worked their way down to being on their knees on either side of me and I was curious to see how low they were going to be able to get using their just their boobs to wash me.

I was a tad disappointed to see them start using their hands instead. But then again...

As the punch-line to a different joke goes, only a little, and only right at first!

They began using their hands on my calves, just above my ankles, and scrubbed around them, then began to work their way up.

I could swear they were squeezing blood up from feet and lower legs like a toothpaste tube, because the more they worked their hands up, using pressure on the upward motion and light caresses on the downward, the more my cock began to throb.

I looked down at it and it was bobbing up and down as if it were nodding in appreciation at the quality of the job they were doing.

Before long Betty had risen to her knees, though Bobbi Jo was still kneeling with her ass on her heels as they soaped up my thighs.

Eventually, about a decade later, they finally got up to my groin.

That was an interesting sensation all on its own. Where their hands had been on opposite legs, it was two hands on the same leg.

Now it was one hand from each soaping my ass cheeks and the difference in the size of their hands was more obvious. As the soaped my cheeks, Bobbi Jo looked up and said, "Spread your legs, mister."

I spread them and they each pulled a little to get me spread them until my lower legs were pressed into their cunts.

Apparently that's how they planned to wash my ankles. And hey, who was I to complain? Why, that would be just plain RUDE!!

As their hands continued to soap my ass cheeks, their fingers were beginning to slowly work their way between them and I felt the occasional fingertip run lightly past, then over my own asshole.

Then I wasn't paying attention to those hands because Betty's little hand was cupping my swollen ball-sack and soaping it gently while Bobbi Jo had wrapped her hand around my prick and started slowly stroking the soap up and down it, making slow twisting motions around it as she did.

She stopped with her hand wrapped around my cock with just the head inside her palm and I was wondering what was going to happen next when one of Betty's fingers rested on my asshole a little longer than they had been before. She poked a little bit and my hips shot forward until my stomach was pressed against Bobbi Jo's fist. And I almost slipped.

"OK. He's clean enough," Bobbi Jo said. She reached up and started to pull down the hand-held shower head when Betty said, "Wait, we haven't washed his hair or his face."

You're right. Kneel down, mister."

I knelt and she wet my hair and my face. I could feel some shampoo being drizzled on my head, then she pulled me up a little so I was kneeling almost upright. She eased forward and began to lather up the shampoo using just her boobs.

Not to be outdone, Betty told me to close my eyes and began to wash my face using just her tits, too.

If you ever find a spa that offers a service like this, sell a testicle or something and buy an annual pass. It'll be worth it.

They finally decide I was now clean enough and rinsed both me and themselves off.

We climbed out onto a carpet on the floor and Betty grabbed some towels.

"What, no personal drying service after all that?" I joked.

"Oh, we're going to give you plenty of personal service, but you need to get your hair, your legs and your back dried off and get into bed before you get that."

So we dried off and walked into the bedroom.

They slept in a four-posted bed. Big round posts at the corners and some kind of wrought iron rails going not just between the posts top to bottom and left to right, but also from corner to corner. I wasn't sure, but it seemed like some of the decorative touches on the bottom of the rails looked suspiciously like hooks. Hmmmm.

They each walked to the opposite sides of the bed and laid down on it. Betty patted the space in between them and asked, "Why are you still standing there?"

I knelt on the foot of the bed and crawled up a little, then rolled down to lay on my back between them.

They began kissing each other, faces just above my head so I had a beautiful view of them. I was so engrossed in that sight that I didn't realize they had started lowering their heads until they had included me in their kiss. Now I love to French-kiss a woman, but that is nothing compared to French-kissing with two women at the same time.

Having two sets of lips on mine was amazing, but nowhere near as amazing as the feel of two tongues on my lips. I opened my mouth and tried to play too, but had to give that up.

I had to give it up because I couldn't get my tongue out of my mouth. As soon as Bobbi Jo's tongue would slide out of my mouth, Betty's would slide right in. Bobbi Jo's tongue was wider than Betty's, but Betty's was amazingly long and thin and she explored my mouth with much more detail.

Now I've had oral sex with women before and even met a few that said they loved the feel of a cock sliding in and out of their mouths. I have no desire to try that with a cock, but if it feels anything like the way these two tongues felt fucking my mouth, I definitely understood what those women meant.

I groaned as they broke off kissing me, then moaned as they began to work their way down my neck, lapping up drops of water as they slid down my body.

They worked their way down to my chest and then their mouths found my nipples. They began to lick and lightly suck and gently bite on my nipples. I found myself groaning again as they found the rhythm Betty and I had used on Bobbi Jo a while ago, suck, suck, suck, bite.

My hips began to push up off the bed unconsciously in time with their rhythm. Then they changed it a little and I groaned even louder as it became suck, suck, suck, bite, pull, release.

They finally tired of that and continued their journey down my body, licking or sucking up drops of water and letting the tips of their tongues linger in my belly button a while on the way.

They finally reached the base of my swollen shaft and their tongues reached out and touched each other across the bottom of it as their mouths gently closed over it.

They slid their closed mouths up the opposite sides of my cock slowly until they reached the tip.

When their tongues slid up the sensitive skin on the underside of my head, my hips bucked upward reflexively.

I don't know if it startled them or what, but their reactions were to move to where they were laying with their torsos on my thighs with their tits resting on either side, kind of the way they had washed my arms earlier.

They continued to work on my cock and I'm still not sure if they were kissing and just happened to have my cock in their mouths or if they were giving me a blowjob and just happened to be making out at the same time.

Either way, it was absolutely fantastic.

At least it was until they shifted lower. Then it became fucking AWESOME! You know how sexy it is when you look into the eyes of woman as she takes the head of your cock into her mouth? Double it. No, it's more than that. It's like the math was wrong and one plus one equals fucking FIVE!!

Now take THAT and double it as your cock slides first all the way down one throat and she swallows once or twice, then she pulls up and the head of it disappears into a smaller mouth that has a tentacle or something in it. Betty's tongue swirled around the head of my cock and I could swear she wrapped that long tongue completely around the base of my head and pulled up on it a time or two every time it was in her mouth.

Bobbi Jo started sliding up my leg and Betty kept her mouth on my cock until Bobbi Jo started to straddle my hips.

I admit I had a slight moment of panic thinking it might not be big enough, which is not something that usually even crosses my mind. But c'mon! I had just seen an entire fist up her cunt! Granted it was a very cute and tiny fist, but still...

Then all those thoughts were gone as that velvety warm, wet, softness slid slowly down my cock. I don't know who moaned louder at that, me and Bobbi Jo for the way it felt, or Betty for being able to watch my shaft slowly disappear up Bobbi Jo's pussy. She laid there with her head on my stomach for a few minutes watching our bodies meet as she almost absent-mindedly played with Bobbi Jo's dangling tits.

Then she moved to straddle my face. I began to lick her little pussy from top to bottom as she rocked her hips across my tongue. I felt her moving a little and when her ass cheeks cleared my eyes I looked up to see Bobbi Jo's arms wrapped around her shoulders and Betty's head moving from side to side.

I closed my eyes and tried to imagine what we must look like. Me on my back with the smaller woman rocking her hips across my face as she made out with the taller woman, moving to maintain mouth contact as the taller woman rocked up and down on my cock.

Since their arms were busy, I reached up and found Bobbi Jo's boobs with both hands and then pulled them forward until I felt Betty's erect nipples on the backs of my hands. Going entirely by feel I managed to get their nipples to meet and they both moaned s they ground their pussies on me.

I did that for a while as they rode their respective part of me, then lowered my hands. I found each of their clits and began to massage them, using my thumb on Bobbi Jo' and my middle finger tip on Betty.

Bobbi Jo eventually began speeding up her pace and that made Betty's pussy slide across my tongue more quickly as well.

I could imagine that we had now gone from forming a triangle to forming an arch as their body started to clench as they approached their orgasms. As they sped up, so did my thumb and finger until they finally began to buck and jerk like they had accidentally knelt on a live electrical wire.

I could feel Bobbi Jo's cock clenching on my cock at the same exact time Betty's pussy was clenching on my stiff tongue. If there's ever an Olympic event for synchronized orgasms, I say we still have the competition just for fun, but I think these two will win the gold without even trying hard -- pardon the pun.

They collapsed to either side of me and Betty turned around to get her face back up with ours.

Eventually they both recovered enough that they began to kiss me again like they had before.

"I love the taste of your pussy, Betty," Bobbi Jo said, "but I think it's just a little better when I'm getting the taste of it off his mouth and tongue. Or his cock."

"Yeah," said Betty, "I agree. Not that I don't like licking my own pussy juices out of your beautiful mouth either."

As they kissed me, their hands roamed my body together, coming to rest on my erect cock.

"You weren't kidding, mister! How long will this thing last?" Betty asked.

"Why don't you climb aboard and find out?" I grinned.

She quickly straddled my hips and began to rock up and down.

Bobbi Jo started to get off the bed and I reached out a hand and grabbed her wrist. "Where do you think you're going?" I asked.

"Umm, I'm going to get cleaned up?"

"Nope! Get your ass back up on this bed."

I grabbed Betty and quickly flipped us over so she was on her back. I lifted her legs and stuffed a pillow under her hips so I could slide my cock in and out of her cunt, then held out my hand to Bobbi Jo.

"Time for Betty to taste my cum," I said as I pulled Bobbi Jo into position so her cunt was positioned over Betty's mouth.

I could see Betty's eyes between Bobbi Jo's legs, but only for a second. Then her arms reached out to grab Bobbi Jo's thighs and pulled her down to her face.

Bobbi Jo's arms wrapped around me and mine wrapped around her and we began to kiss again.

A little later Bobbi Jo pulled back from me and looked down between us.

"Do you know what she's doing?" she asked.

"Uh, kind of?" I replied.

"No, you can't see it, but every time you slide your fucking cock into her pussy, she slides her fucking tongue up inside mine."

"Show me," I said as I pulled her head toward mine.

And again I tried to imagine what we would look like if someone could see us and knew what we were doing. Our bodies formed a triangle again, but it was probably one of the more unusual daisy-chains ever.

As my cock slid into Betty's cunt, her tongue slid up into Bobbi Jo's pussy, and Bobbi Jo's tongue slid into my mouth.

Apparently we all thought of this at the same time, because I know we all moaned at the same time.

Bobbi Jo pulled her tongue out long enough to gasp, "This is so fucking HOT, mister!" then stuck her tongue back in my mouth and went back to completing the chain.

I dropped one hand off Bobbi Jo to begin using my thumb on Betty's hard little clit again and she moaned up into Bobbi Jo's muff.

I pulled back from Bobbi Jo long enough to tell her, "Finger your clit."

She said, "But mister, I don't think it's appropriate for a girl to touch herself there."

I looked at her in confusion for a second before I caught the glint in her eyes.

"I don't give a fuck what you want, missy." I took my hand off Betty's clit long enough to grab Bobbi Jo's wrist and "force" her fingers toward her own clit. We heard a groan and looked down to see Betty's hand flailing around between us until it found Bobbi Jo's hand, grasped it, then released it and found mine and pulled it back so my thumb was on her clit.

"I told you to get your hand down there and finger your clit! Now do it!!"

She smiled at me as she did, then she leaned her face into mine and completed the chain the final time.

I don't know which one of was setting the pace, but eventually we all sped up until one of us -- I don't know who -- started to cum and then we all did.

Apparently if there's a mixed-triples in synchronized orgasms at the Olympics they can be double-golds and this poor old man will have to settle for only one.

Betty got up, went in the bathroom and started filling the tub then disappeared into the toilet. Bobbi Jo and I got up, ducked through using the toilet after Betty came out and stepped into the shower, then we all cuddled in the shower for a few minutes as the cum leaked out of Betty's cunt and Bobbi Jo caught it on her fingertips and licked them clean.

We finally used the hand-held shower head to rinse the rest out of her so it wouldn't get in the tub and all climbed in.

We sat there for a while, talking about what had happened, how hot it was, how it felt and we gradually reclined into the bubbling hot water and went back to that fabulous three-way French kiss.

I had my arms around their shoulders and was lazily playing with their tits, marveling again at the contrast in size.

As I did, Betty's hand slid down my stomach until she found my erect cock.

She jerked back and looked at me in surprise. "Jeez, mister, what the fuck are you? Again!?"

Bobbi Jo smiled over at her and said, "You don't remember what he said earlier did you?"

Betty visibly searched her memory for a few seconds and said, "I guess I lost it with all the blood rushing in and out of my head. What'd he say?"

"He said, 'Actually, I've found that once the first one is out of the way I last a lot longer for the rest of 'em.'"

"Oh, fuck yeah! How could I have possibly forgotten about that!"

We dried off and went back to bed. But I didn't fall asleep for a looong time after.