 Friday night. The traditional office night out after work. My phone rang as I was about to leave. It was my boyfriend, Tom. He wasn't too happy that I was going out with the girls and started hinting that I should go home. We ended up having an argument that just made me more determined than ever to have a good time.

I went into the loos to get changed. Off came the business suit and instead I slid into a short black skirt, the hem of which only just covered the lace tops of my black hold-up stockings. I took off my bra and squeezed my tits into a thin silky red vest top and stepped into black high heels. Just as I was about to leave the cubicle I hesitated, and slipped off my black lace panties and put them in my handbag. Usually when I worked the slutty look, I got a few blokes trying to put their hands up my skirt. I was so pissed off with Tom, I wanted some random guy to get lucky if he tried to cop a feel. Then I went out to the mirror, brushed my dark hair and added some makeup.

We had only been in the pub a few minutes when a handsome guy in his mid-thirties approached and asked if he could buy me a drink. I agreed and he introduced himself as Ryan. I could see a faint mark around his ring finger which suggested he had taken his wedding ring off to score. Fine by me.

We made small talk and then he gave me the opening I was looking for.

"I like your outfit," he said. I smiled and thanked him, then whispered in his ear, "The only problem is, I can't wear underwear with it."

Ryan swallowed and then moved in a little closer.

"What, none at all?" he murmured. I shrugged and added "Well, only stockings." At this his hand, which had been resting lightly on my hip, began to slide down over my arse to the hem of my skirt. Seconds later it was sliding back up again, underneath the fabric this time. The touch of his fingers travelling over my stocking tops and up my smooth naked thigh quickly had my juices bubbling.

Ryan brushed my damp pubic hair and groaned into my ear, "You're gagging for it, you little tease." He pulled me to him and I felt his erection throb against my pelvis. I ran a hand down between us and stroked it through his trousers, and in reply he slid his middle finger into my wet cunt. Instantly I gripped it with my internal muscles and he groaned again.

"I can do that to your cock, if you want," I breathed. "Yes," he panted urgently, "do it." I led him outside and into an alley. Leaning back against the rough brick wall, I parted my legs and, gazing into his eyes, said "fuck me" with a challenging smile on my face. Ryan pushed my skirt up to my hips, exposing my naked cunt with its neatly trimmed hair. With another low moan at the inviting sight, he fumbled with his zip and pulled out his cock. It was rock hard and pulsing, with pre-cum glistening at the tip. I reached out and scooped up some of the fluid with my forefinger, then sucked it off lasciviously.

Without any further preamble, Ryan lined his cock up with my dripping cunt and pushed the head into me.

"Ohhhhhh, you're so tight," he moaned as he slid inside. He grasped my arse with one hand and with the other he pulled up my top to roughly fondle my tits. I squeezed his cock as I'd promised, rippling my muscles up and down his shaft. Shifting his hold, he gripped my hips, leaving my tits exposed, and began thrusting urgently until I could feel his swollen balls banging against me. 

His cock was long enough and thick enough to fill me up and I quickly felt an orgasm building as he fucked me hard. I've always liked it rough and Ryan was really shagging the arse off me. As I felt myself starting to spasm, I dug my nails into his buttocks and raised myself up on my toes. He got the message and rammed his cock in even harder, which was enough to bring me to a shuddering climax.

"Can I come inside you?" Ryan gasped urgently a second later. I barely had time to moan "yes please" before he thrust forward one last time. His cock stiffened and I felt it spurt deep inside as with an inarticulate cry, he emptied his balls into me.

When he had finished shooting his load, Ryan pulled out and stuffed his softening prick back into his pants.

"That was fantastic," he said as he stepped back.

"Well, if you want a repeat performance, I'll be here next week," I said, pulling down my top and skirt. "Buy me a double and I'll suck you off next time. And before you ask, of course I swallow."

"There's an offer I can't refuse," Ryan said. We returned to the pub and went our separate ways. The girls teased me for disappearing but I brazened it out.

Later, we went clubbing and I did it all over again with a Portuguese guy in the gents toilets. He was so excited to be getting laid, I don't think he even noticed he was getting sloppy seconds.

I eventually staggered home with their mingled sperm trickling down my thighs. I love that feeling. At the front door, I paused to put my panties back on, wiping my wet thighs as best I could. Tom was dozing when I entered the flat but quickly woke up and apologised. I let him grovel for a little while before graciously forgiving him. Even more graciously, I opened my legs and let him fuck me.

"Wow babe, you're so wet," Tom murmured as he entered me and began thrusting. I hid a smile and whispered "been thinking about you all night darling, just you..."