 She drummed her fingers on the five bar gate, the sound of the horse munching his hay bugging her. She checked her watched and sighed, 45 minutes late. If she didn't love the way he handled the horses, and not to mention how easy on the eye he was, she'd bin him off and get a new farrier. She sighed again, sweat beading on her brow from the heat. She knew she looked a hot mess, she had thought Megan, her stable hand would be here, but she had conveniently called in sick, so here Ashley was, daisy dukes and shorts on, top tied up off her waist and a bandana knotted in her short hair, still sweltering in the sun. 

After what seemed like forever, his van finally pulled up outside the gate. Hallelujah she thought, popping the latch and swinging the gate open. She briefly waved to him as he drove through, and shut it firmly behind him. He jumped out the van, his black muscle shirt slick with sweat, making it stick to the shape of his body. "Hey, sorry Ash, the old bint said 4 sets and she meant 6!" 

Ashley shrugged "Yeah no worries George, Megans sick so you have the pleasure of my company." She couldn't be mad at him, his blue eyes twinkled at her, a half smile turning up one cheek, and gosh his body! "Always a pleasure with you Ash." he winked at her, and popped open the back of his van. She stood next to Snoopy, her gelding, whilst he unloaded what he needed, and fired the oven up. 

"Can you grab me a bucket of water?" he asked her. 

"Sure." she said, and sauntered across to the feed room. She bent over, using her riders arse to its great potential, and grabbed a bucket. She stood, placing it under the tap and catching a glimpse of George checking her out in the window. She smiled to herself, now that was a face she could sit on. She finished filling the bucket up, and took it back over. "No Noah today?" Noah was his apprentice, and tended to about all the time. "Nah touch of the man flu." 

"Weekend flu more like!" she laughed. 

George laughed with her, "You got anything planned this weekend?" he asked. 

"The usual debauchary, lots of whiskey, lots of singing, lots of selfies.. you?" 

"Well nothing that exciting thats for sure." he grinned at her, turning to give Snoopy a pat, and picking up his front leg. 

They stood in silence for a bit, Ashley could feel a tigthness in her stomach. God he is so hot she thought, watching him bend, his arms bulging with the effort of pulling off the shoes, sweat oiling his body making him glisten in the sun. "You want a drink?" she asked, realising she had to take a breather before she started licking the back of his neck. 

"Yeah sure, anything cold." 

She went into the office and opened the fridge door, taking a deep breath and enjoying the cold breeze across her body, cooling her down and making her nipples hard. This was why she needed Megan here when he was, a buffer between the pair of them, something to distract her from turning into a bitch in heat. 

She snatched up two cold cans and headed back to George. He wiped his brow, and took from her. "Thanks," he said, taking a swig, "This heat is getting crazy." 

"Naw, I love it, bikinis and shorts, sun tans, bbqs, sex outside.. ya know." She smirked at him, taking a gulp from her own drink. "Sex outside huh," he pouted, "Can't say its been the summer for that!" 

"Really George, all those hot young girls at the racing yards?" she queried. He shook his head, "No, too old for that shit now, they're all in the teens!" 

They laughed together and lapsed back into comfortable silence. George carried on with Snoopys' feet, whilst she went and swept up round the yard, topping up some buckets needlessly just to stop her heart pounding. 

"He's done babe," George called out to her, "Did you need anything else?" 

God she thought I need alot from you. "Actually, yeah, got one trotting up lame, can you check him?" 

George nodded and selected some tools from the box, and followed her across the yard. Ashley walked slightly ahead of him, praying he was eyeballing her arse as much as she imagined he was. She stopped suddenly at a boxes door, "Oop," George muttered as he brushed into the back of her. "This one, pretty sure its in his shoulder, but thought if you check his feet out first then its one thing crossed off." 

He nodded and brushed passed her again, causing her skin to goose pimple. He bent forward and picked up Rowans leg, his muscles tightening again through his arm. He grabbed his equipment and pushed all around the hoof. "Nah nothing," he said straightening up once he had finished the other hoof, "Not his feet!" 

Ashley bit her lip, "I thought it wouldn't be, but better safe than sorry I guess." she said. 

"Yeah right, "George replied, sliding the door from under her arm, "You just wanted to corner me in a box didn't you." 

She felt a blush come across her face, and smiled awkwardly. For once she couldn't think of a come back, so just turned around and walked back to the office. My God she thought, He doesn't know how much I touch myself thinking of him. 

She quickened her pace to the office, praying the phone would ring or something just to distract her from the wild thoughts running through her head. No such luck, handles all these massive horses all day long with no worries, can't handle one hot man! What a mess she thought. 

She grabbed her diary from the desk, Snoopy had just been an emergency fit today as he was showing tomorrow, so she knew George was booked in again, and she prayed Megan would at least be here. She could hear George loading his van back up, picture his back taught with the strain, and run her tongue over her lips. She cleared her throat as his footsteps got closer to the office door, placed the diary on the desk and flipped it open. 

"Hey," he popped his head around the door, she could feel a slight awkwardness rolling off of him, "I got you in again for two weeks yeah?" 

She nodded, "Yeah that will be a full load as well, probably 8 or 10." "Thats ok," he replied, "I'll bring Noah as well." 

She smiled and took the invoice out of his hand, and pulled her purse out of her drawer. She rifled through the money and pulled out some notes, "Keep the change," she mumbled, handing it to him. 

She couldn't look him in the eye as he reached out for the money, he briefly ran a finger over the palm of her hand, making her stomach jolt, and then he grabbed her wrist. Her eyes went wide with shock and she looked up quickly. 

"I always wanted to know what you would taste like." he practically growled at her. She couldn't make a noise, her breath started to quicken as did her pulse, and she froze. "You know," he said, not dropping her wrist and stepping forward, "You've always teased me, and never let me get a sniff." 

He took another step forward and she felt like her skin was on fire, he reached out a hand and stroked along her jaw line, and in that one movement she lost it completely. She moved into him, their mouths clashing together. She could smell the sweat and dirt on his skin, and it only drove her crazier. His tongue delved into her mouth as she shoved hers into his, and he grabbed her and pulled her into him roughly. 

He pushed her back into the desk, and stood and looked at her. "My, my you are a hot little bitch." He moved into her again, shoving her hard into the desk again, one hand holding her tight, the other sliding up under her knotted shirt. Her nipples went rock hard, as she tilted her head back and let him kiss her all around her neck. The knot on the front of her shirt worked undone, and he slipped his hand up and and brushed across her nipple. The breath caught in her throat as a heat rushed down to her clit. She moan low in her throat, as he pulled her top down and exposed her boobs to the colder air. 

His kisses moved lower crossing her collarbone, his tongue sliding out here and there leaving a warm trail. He moved lower over her breast, and took her nipple into his mouth. "Uggh." she moaned holding onto the back of his head, pushing her nipple deeper into his mouth. She could tell how damp her underwear was getting, and moved her hips, creating pressure on her clit. His wet tongue sloshed all around her nipple, and he tried to pull away, "No," she moaned, pushing his head back into place. 

She felt his hands lock around her wrists, and he stood quickly, pinning her wrists to the desk behind her, his nose a centimetre away from hers, "That's not how I play, you do as I say." 

Her breath sped up again, her panties getting even wetter, making her swallow and blush. He took a deep breath, released her wrists, and kissed her on the mouth. She smiled and relaxed into the kiss. "Ah," she exclaimed throught gritted teeth, as his fingers came up and pinched her nipple. He stepped back slightly, and cupped her breats, slipping the now sore nipple into his warm mouth. Ashley couldn't hold her head up, letting it loll back and he rolled her nipple around in her mouth. 

George stepped back, and pulled his shirt over his head, she could see how heavy he was breathing, his muscular chest rising and falling quickly. She could do nothing, she just gripped the desk behind her and watched as he undid his belt buckle and slipped it through the hoops. 

He walked towards her again, placed the belt on the desk behind her, and grabbed both her boobs, "You body is beautiful," he whispered to her, his hot breath tickling down her ear and neck. He kissed her on the neck, and then sunk to his knees. Her stomach clenched, as his fingers pulled at the button on her shorts. Her bum tightened as his teeth nipped into her bikini line. He kissed and licked there, sliding her shorts off and tracing her muscular legs lightly with his fingers. 

He snatched at the back of her knees, lifting them quickly and forcing her to sit on the desk. "Oh jeez." she sighed, as he parted her legs and she laid back. She bit her lip hard, as his face dived to her pussy, her nails digging into the back of his head. His tongue pushed its way into her hole, making all her juices run out and down her butt. He spread his tongue out, running upwards towards her clit, almost stopping her heart. He flicked his tongue over her clit, causing her to squirm and buck, then clamped down hard. She could feel the heat all over her body, as his mouth latched on to her, and his tongue went into over drive, flicking back and forth across her, making her clit swell and pulse. 

She dug her nails tighter into his hair, and started to moan as she could feel the tension in her groin building, the pulsing getting sharper. He clung onto her, gripping her bum tightly and she bucked and squealed, his mouth holding on tight to her clit, forcing her to cum. 

"Oh fuuuck!" she cried, as her pussy pushed down, and George still kept his tongue moving, and she cum, feeling it smear on his chin, drip down her crack and flow out everywhere. 

She couldn't control her breathing, as George stood and wiped his mouth, his own breathing matching hers in heaviness. He swallowed, licking his lips, tasting her cum. "Knew you would taste good." he grinned devishly at her. He undid his jeans, letting them fall to the ground and stepped towards her. 

She took a deep breath, and stood as he reached for her, she was taken a back when his hand by passed her boob and went for his belt instead. He smiled again, his face next to hers, "Here," he said, holding his hand out for hers. She gulped, and placed her hand in his, and began to shake as he coiled the belt around one wrist, picked up her other hand, and lashed them together. "Turn around," he whispered, and she did so. 

She leant forward with the pressure of his hand on her back, forcing her down across the desk, her arse high in the air. "What a picture you make," he said, causing her pussy to wriggle, "Better than I imagined." She felt both hands on her butt cheeks, kneading and pushing into them, pulling her cheeks a part a little bit. One hand disappeared, and then she squirmed forwards as she felt the tip of his penis on her vagina. He grabbed under her stomach and pulled her back towards, slamming his cock in hard, causing her to scream. 

"Oh thats it baby take it." He moaned, as he pushed himself in as far as he could. 

Ashley took a moment to gather herself, and then relaxed into the desk. Her legs spread further apart, as George took hold of her thigh and started pounding into her pussy. 

His cock felt masssive, everytime he pushed forwards she felt hersef stretched wide to allow for him, making her flush hot, her nipples swell and her clit throb. He started to get rough, really thrusting into her, she felt her pussy rise with the assault. 

He grabbed the back of her, twisting his fingers tightly into her short hair, and pulled her back towards him. "Oh yes." he snarled, increasing his pace. She could feel him grow even bigger, and she started to hit her own orgasm, "Oh shit," he bellowed, as his hot cum flowed into her, her jerking and moaning along with him. 

They both stood, her knees knocking together, gulping for air. She could feel everything dribbling out of her as he slowly pulled out, her skin reacting as he kissed her on the back of her neck. 

She straightened up and turned around, holding her hands out to him. "You look delectable." she said, raising one eyebrow. 

"Maybe next time you can eat me." He chuckled, undoing her wrist restraints, and pulling his jeans back on. "You best get dressed else I'll be late for my next appointment." 

She pouted at him, bent over and retrieved her own clothes.