 There I was. In a place I barely knew. My hands at my breasts. Yanking at my nipples as if they didn't belong. Doing exactly what I swore I'd never do. Completely out of control. About to come for the umpteenth time in a row. 

Maybe I should tell how I got into this predicament. Maybe then it will make some sense. Maybe knowing more about who I am will help fill in the pieces. Hello, my name is Bethany, and I'm kind of chubby. 

I've always been chubby. Even as a child. It didn't matter then. My father still loved me. He called me his little princess, and read to me at bedtime. Of course my favorite stories were fairy tales. When I was little, I knew everything about every storybook princess there ever was.

Fast forward to me as a young adult. I still read fairy tales, but not like the ones my father read to me. They still had a fair maiden and a handsome man. It's just that these stories weren't called fairy tales. These stories were called romance novels, and they were mostly about sex. 

I guess I was a little bit weird. Maybe a bit of a loner. I've always kept to myself... for the most part anyway. Most of the time I was perfectly happy getting lost in one of my romance books. Vividly dreaming of my prince. Imagining him making sweet, sweet love to me... and of course touching myself. Oh my god did I ever touch myself.

My life wasn't pure make believe. I never went to one of those war re-enactment things. I wasn't that kind of weird. I had a fairly normal life. I didn't read books and play with myself all of the time. I had a regular day job. I worked in the dispatch center at the police department. 

This was my dream job. I mean what girl wouldn't love being surrounded by authoritative men in uniform? From the first day on that job, I knew exactly what I wanted. I wanted one of those men in uniform to become my real life prince. He would woo me and sweep me off my feet. Then we would get married. 

That was exactly what was going to happen. I just knew it. I knew my man would find me. All I had to do was wait. While I waited I read more of my special little novels. I also fantasized a lot, but now my imaginary prince wore a deep blue uniform. 

I never hid my desire. I let everyone know what kind of man I wanted. Still it took some time, but I was right. My prince came to me at work one day. A man in blue, just like I had imagined. He asked me out. Then we dated. A few short months later we were married.

Well sort of married. We never even had a honeymoon. I was never carried over the threshold. We barely had sex. It was hardly the union for all time. It was hardly like it was supposed to be. That marriage lasted all of three weeks. 

We had planned a honeymoon. We just didn't go. It was to be grand. Just the two of us in a far off place. Days of nothing but making deep passionate love. It was on our honeymoon that I planned give myself fully to him. Sealing our bond. But it never happened.

Just days before we were to embark, I learned some things about my prince in blue. I was told the real reason he had asked me out. He had lost a bet. The loser has to go on a date with the fat girl. What a cruel joke. It just wasn't funny. 

But a bet is a bet and whether it was funny or not, at least it brought us together. It was as if it were meant to be. The way I saw it, that bet was just an act of fate.

Why he asked me to marry him, I'll never know. Maybe he thought I was pregnant. Maybe it was part of the bet. You know... one of those double-or-nothing offers the loser takes to keep from paying up. 

I was incensed, being asked out on a bet, and married on a lark wasn't what I had in mind. But that isn't exactly what ended my bliss. After I learned of the bet, someone finally filled me in on all the details. I'd probably been better off not knowing. But they just had to go and ruin everything. 

I was told that nearly the entire department took part in this bet. They all made a fool of me. The squad had even pooled their money. The night of the bachelor party they used that money to buy a whore. Then those bastards paid her to sleep with my man. 

At first I didn't believe it. No prince of mine would ever do that. But there was proof. There were photos. Lots and lots of photos. One particular photo proved my man was no prince. That cheap whore give him a blowjob. How vile! My man would never cheat. My man would never make a woman do that.

Yes, everyone in the department knew. I was the only one in the dark. I suppose I should have guessed something was up. After I was married, I heard plenty of snickering behind my back. It was the same kind of snickering I heard at my wedding.

Even worse than the snickering were the little pig noises. I know the old slang term for a policeman is pig, but I should have known they weren't making fun of themselves. How could I have been so stupid? So gullible? I was humiliated. 

So there I sat. The laughing stock of the department. I was the fat girl that someone married as a joke. Then I was tossed aside like common trash. That very day I quit my job. Then I went to the courthouse and got my marriage annulled. 

My next job didn't have me surrounded by men in uniform, and that was fine with me. I worked the night shift with a group of women in a computer center. Of course it wasn't all women. There were men around. But these men were computer nerds. Not princes. 

I know, I know. The princess and the frog story should have taught me that anyone can be your prince. Maybe even a computer nerd. But these men were more like toads than frogs. Besides I'd had enough of hunting for my prince at work. None of them seemed to be the least bit interested in the chubby girl anyway.

The computer center job was okay, but after four years I'd had enough of working night shift. I absolutely loved the girls I worked with, but nightshift is like a prison. I was completely out of sync with society. I slept while everyone else played. How was my prince supposed to find me when I was locked away on night shift? 

Finally someone escaped from our night work prison. It was Nancy. She left our little band of misfits, and took a new job in the city. I followed her and took the very first opening at the same place. It was a lesser job for me, but no more working nights. It was day shift for me from then on.

This new job? Well it was still in a computer center. There were still computer nerds. Lots and lots of computer nerds. The place was huge. I couldn't believe how many people worked there. With so many nerds to choose from, I have to admit I found one or two to be kind of cute.

But this place had something else. Something besides computer nerds. He didn't know it yet, but this place had my prince. His name was Alex, and my friend Nancy introduced me to him my very first day on the job.

Even though we had just met, I felt as if I knew him. I had seen Alex's handsome face, and heard his wonderful voice a thousand times before. He was in every romance book I ever read. He filled every dream I ever dreamed. And most of all, he was the man in my head every time my hand wandered down between my legs. Alex was quite literally the man of my dreams.

Alex's being handsome wasn't the best part. Best of all was his confidence. That's something I never could have imagined or dreamt. I'd never met anyone like him. This kind of confidence was new to me. Oh my god this kind of confidence is sexy.

Fate had brought us together. It just had to be fate. Our paths had finally crossed. He managed the department next to mine. I saw him all the time. He was the one. He just had to be my prince, and I was not going to be denied. 

After work that first day I couldn't get him out of my head. It felt like I was in a romance novel, except this dream lover was real. That night, my imagination went wild. He was firmly planted in my head. There, his sweet tender love poured over me until we came together as one. 

I sort of got carried away. I touched myself over and over again. I masturbated until I ached. I couldn't possibly have come any more. The next day I woke up late. There were stains on the bedsheets from my wetness, and the strong scent of my sex covered my body.

There was no time to shower. I just rushed around and tried to get ready for work, but my arms and legs felt like rubber. I was still reeling from the night before. It was as if he had actually been there to ravish me. 

I was in such trouble that morning. I had been hired with some trepidation. My new boss was leery about my long commute. This wasn't going to look good. It was my second day on the job, and I was going to be late. Yeah, late and smelling like sex. 

When I finally got to work, I quietly crept to my desk hoping like hell no one would notice. No such luck. My new boss was sitting in my chair waiting for me. Sure enough, I got a lecture. My pay was also docked. But I didn't care. All I could think about was Alex.

Over the next few months I realized I wasn't the only one drawn to Alex's charms. All of the women at work openly pined for him, even the married ones. Of course none of them wanted him as bad as I did. Those other women were all talk. Not one of those women had a plan. But I sure did. 

My plan? My Plan was simple. First I had to be sneaky. I wasn't about to wear my heart on my sleeve like I did at the police department. That last thing I wanted was to become part of another cruel joke.

This plan was to just quietly follow him at work. I would stand near him whenever I could. Then I would simply talk to him. Slowly letting him know that I wanted him. That I belonged to him. Just happy to be there. Ready to play at any time. Yes, my plan was to become like a puppy. His puppy.

I suppose one could call my plan stalking. I prefer to call it romance. The way I saw it, what I was doing was innocent fun. If what I was doing was a crime... So be it. I wanted him, and he was going to be mine.

The next part of my plan... after I had fully become his puppy, was to offer to do things. Anything really. Nothing would be off limits. When I saw a need I would fill it. If he asked me, I would do it. My plan was to simply be there for him. 

It didn't take long. It wasn't too hard. My plan was working. I found myself doing his bidding. Nothing too big. Just little tasks here and there. They were all work related, and I did them as if they were my job. It's just too bad his bidding didn't extend to the bedroom. But someday it would. 

As I worked my plan. Whenever I wasn't performing on a task for him. Whenever I was near him. I dropped little hints of my true intentions. I made little suggestive comments. Despite my hints and innuendos, Alex just wouldn't take the bait. 

Speaking of suggestive comments. My first setback with Alex came from me making an inadvertent innuendo. One morning the office jokester was tossing my logging pencils into the air. Sticking them one by one into the ceiling tiles. It was all fun and games until Alex came in looking for a log entry. 

It didn't seem so funny anymore. There were no log entries, and no pencils to make one with. The jokester had stuck every single pencil into the ceiling. I knew what the entry should be. It just never got marked. Usually I wouldn't have cared so much, but this was for Alex.

The pencils were out of my reach, even if I stood on a chair. I called out to the jokester. Telling him I needed a pencil. His reply was that I should just jump up there and get one. It was an obvious fat joke, and everyone in the room snickered. 

Trying to keep my composure in front of Alex, I ignored the slight about my weight. I explained to the jokester I couldn't possibly jump that high. Then from elsewhere in the room I heard loud and clear... 

"If it were a chocolate bar I bet you could jump that high". 

That background snickering quickly became a chuckle. 

"If it were a chocolate bar I'd suck it down." I yelled back. 

Everyone in the room laughed out loud. Everyone but me. I was just trying to be funny. But that's not what came out. My joke was about my love of chocolate. What I heard myself say was an offer to suck something of Alex's. Completely embarrassed, I ran from the room.

After the chocolate bar incident, I should have backed off. The idea of sucking a man's cock, well I found that disgusting. Well not the sucking part so much, but the mouth full of cum part. That is just gross. But I didn't have to worry. No prince of mine would ever make me do that. 

So when my embarrassment faded, I put phase two of my plan into place. This part of my plan required reinforcements. I needed a cohort or two. So I befriended a friend of Alex's. 

My new friend was a fresh young computer nerd named Brett. I knew if I could be friends with someone like Brett, I'd become part of Alex's inner circle. That would get me closer. Being closer would allow me to be Alex's puppy both inside and outside of work. Then maybe I would have a chance to do Alex's bidding at work and in the bedroom. 

I had made a new friend. That was easy enough. Now all I had to do was sit back and wait. I needed an invitation. Something that would get into Alex's inner circle. I didn't have to wait long. My inner circle invitation came soon enough. 

Brett invited me to go along with everyone to this thing called a Wren Fest. What was so special about wrens that they had their own festival was beyond me, but Brett said costumes were required. 

When I asked about the costumes I felt kind of stupid. Bret laughed as he explained. They weren't going to a Wren Fest. It was a Ren Fest... short for Renaissance Festival. And they were all going in medieval attire, which also made no sense to me. I was just thankful I didn't have to dress like a tiny bird or wear some stupid pith helmet.

Everyone else seemed to know exactly what to do for their festival costumes. Brett was going as long bowman. My first thought was to be princess, and Alex would be my prince. Then I decided that might come off as a bit childish. So I decided a nice revealing harlot costume was in order. 

This harlot costume was different. These clothes were so not like me. My usual attire was pretty conservative. Woolen skirts, conservative blouses, and business jackets, that was my usual fare. Oh, and I always wore pantyhose. Even in summer. God forbid too much of me would ever be exposed.

I spent days making my harlot outfit. I sweated every detail. Without my usual padded bra, the thin low cut top let the fullness of my breasts show. The pleated flowing skirt hid the wideness of my hips. As I modeled it for myself in the mirror, I had to admit I looked pretty good. Too bad I couldn't wear this thing to work. Too bad I couldn't do Alex's bidding in this little number. 

Yeah, wearing it to work was out of the question. Without my usual stockings the coolness of the slightest breeze under my skirt made me feel naked. Besides that, with a pull at my top and a flip of my skirt a man would have full access to my most sensitive parts. Of course if that was man was Alex, he could have all the sensitive parts of me he wanted.

The morning of the Ren Fest finally arrived. We were to meet in the parking lot at work. I could barely contain myself as I drove. Of course I was the first one there. Eager and waiting. Would this be the day I would finally give myself to Alex? Then one by one, the others arrived. 

All of our costumes were amazing, but there was a problem. A big problem. Alex wasn't there. A systems failure had dashed my plans. Alex and his team had been called-in to make repairs. The plan was to have Alex ride with us, but Brett and I ended up driving to the Ren Fest without him.

We spent that entire day saying ma-lady and ma-lord, and I wondered what the hell people saw in those festivals. I certainly didn't get it, but Brett seemed to fit in perfectly. I guess there is no accounting for what turns on a computer nerd. 

When we finally made it back to the office, it was late in the afternoon. I decided I should go in and see if Alex was still there. I wanted to see if he... um... 'needed' anything. Damn it all if Brett didn't decide to tag along.

With me in my harlot uniform and Brett looking like a cheap Robin Hood knockoff, we strolled into Alex's office. He was just finishing the incident reports. Alex looked up at us, grinned, and shook his head. I guess we did look a bit ridiculous. 

Then Brett started in about this fancy beer stein he won. Brett couldn't just tell the story. He had to demonstrate. He started tossing these rubber things called isolators at a coffee cup. Before long Brett laid down a challenge. He had made up a little contest of his own... tossing isolators into the mug.

I just watched. As I watched, I imagined they were playing for a prize. That prize was me. Me the harlot, not me the coworker. Brett was pretty good at this game, but all I could think about was Alex winning. 

I just knew that when Alex won, he would take his prize. Then he would call me ma-lady as he laid me down under some idyllic summer tree, while he slowly peeled down my top and lifted my skirt. Then he would make sweet tender love to me for hours.

As they played, between turns throwing those isolators, Alex kept looking my way. He looked at me in a way he never had before. I swear he was making eyes at me. It was as if he could read my mind. 

I shouldn't have been acting the way I was. Not at work anyway. I almost felt naked. I felt so sexy. I felt as if Alex could see right through me. I felt he could sense my arousal. My god was I ever turned on. 

The next thing I knew their little game was over. Alex looked directly at me and smiled. Then I noticed he wasn't actually looking at me. He hadn't been looking at me all along. Not one bit. He had been looking at my chest. 

I was so sure my arousal was well hidden, but he knew. In that moment. The moment I realized had been looking at my breasts. I felt my nipples harden. I had no control. I could not stop them. Then I saw Alex's eyes widen while I felt my nipples blossom into full bloom under that thin harlot blouse.

Once again I had embarrassed myself in front of Alex, only this time was much worse than when I offered to suck a chocolate bar off the ceiling. This time I wasn't trying to be funny. This time Alex had watched me getting aroused. 

I didn't want him to see me like this. Not in public anyway. I felt myself turn beet red. I covered my breasts with my arms and ran to the girl's sanctuary... You know, the ladies room. Then I used that room like I had so many times before. I reached under my skirt and gave myself an orgasm. Then I cried. 

For the next few weeks I tried to convince myself he didn't notice how excited I had gotten that day. But how could he not. When I'm aroused, my nipples get freakishly big. 

I've heard of nipples being compared to pencil erasers. Mine are more like the size of a wine cork. Well not anywhere near that long, but they are close to that big around. Way bigger than some tiny pencil end. 

With something that big poking through that thin harlot blouse, Alex would have to be blind not to notice them. I knew Alex saw my nipples poking out for him. He knew how turned on I was. But he was a perfect gentleman and never once spoke of it. 

After a few weeks, this latest embarrassment faded. I even started to think of it as a positive. He had seen me get aroused. He had to realize it was for him. He had to know that I wanted him. Surely he would know what to do.

Then I went right back to my original plan. I was his puppy again. Once more I followed him around the office. Doing his bidding. Desperately wishing his bidding would include being naked together.

There was good news in all of this. I was still friends with Brett. I was still part of Alex's inner circle. I was regularly invited to group lunches, and even attended after work happy hours. Where his team went, I went. And wherever that was, I was there and ready. Ready to please Alex in any way he wanted. 
