 Author's note: the following story is purely a work of fiction and any resemblance to real people or events is purely coincidental. The author wishes to express his gratitude to Angel Love for her editing to make this a better story.

*

It was already mid-afternoon on a Thursday when I received the call. I run a computer warehouse in which we stock an astounding variety of components. As a result we've developed a goodly clientele of people who require parts that seldom get into the average household personal computer.

The caller was one of the best of these clients. He was the manager of a sizable manufacturing plant located on the edge of a little sleepy town about a two-hour drive upstate from us. The plant relied on a computer to control their entire manufacturing process and the computer had suffered a major failure early that afternoon, causing a complete shutdown of their production line. He had already sent all of his employees home but was desperate to get a replacement part that evening.

I determined that I had the part but our driver was already on the road to other customers. I promised him that I would have the part to him by 7 PM, which meant that it would have to leave no later than 5 o'clock. The only way to keep from paying big bucks in overtime meant that I would have to make the delivery myself.

At 5, I left instructions with one of my people on closing the shop while I took the part and headed north. The roads were fairly straightforward, with only a couple of changes in direction, but only a few of the miles were on multi-lane road. For the first 30 miles, traffic was heavy and slow but then it began to ease as people turned into the many housing developments. With the terrain being mostly flat and just a few low undulating hills, it was difficult to keep my mind occupied on the way up. My console thermometer indicated that the outside temperature was 97 degrees and I was thankful for a working air conditioner.

I pulled into the client's parking area just three minutes before 7 o'clock and found him waiting anxiously. It took me about 20 minutes to get the part replaced and test the machine, which worked perfectly to his great relief. We spent another 40 minutes talking about how his business was going and the economy in general and then I headed back to my car.

I settled in for the mind-numbing ride through all the corn fields in the lowering dusk. With a top speed of 55 MPH in the country and little towns every 10 to 15 miles requiring that I slow to 30 and sometimes to a stop, It was going to be a long trip. 

It already seemed like an interminable drive when, after 50 minutes during which full dark descended on the area, I approached the largest town along the route I was taking. Just as I topped a hill, I spotted a white dot bobbing along on the side of the road in front of me. Even with the darkness, the temperature drop had not brought it down to a comfortable enough state to make walking pleasant. I slowed.

Not until I stopped beside the figure did I realize that it was a woman. Lowering the right side window, I said, "Awfully hot night for a walk. Care to share my air conditioning?"

She stepped over to my window and ducked her head to look at me. She gave me a rather appraising look, then smiled and opened the door. As she climbed in, she said, "Thank you. It is so-o-o hot out there and, of course, my car broke down yesterday. Right in the hottest part of the summer."

She was dressed in knee-length black shorts, a very conservative white blouse, white sneakers and bobby socks, and a maroon visor. Her hair was more gray than black but looked nice, even with a few strands here and there out of place. She could pass for late thirties or early fifties or anywhere in between. 

I said, "My name's Gene."

"Oh, hi. I'm Francis but everybody just calls me Fran. Pleased to meet you." As she finished that statement, her left hand patted my right knee in a very friendly gesture.

"Where can I take you, Fran?"

"Uh ... well, if you don't mind taking me home, its up here about four miles to Turrill Road and then to the left about another mile."

"I don't mind at all. Are you just getting off work?"

"Yeah," she replied. "I work at a fast food place about a mile back and this was my night to close up the place."

"Oh, so you must be in management?"

"Well, yeah, I've got the title of assistant manager but you couldn't tell it looking at my paycheck."

I laughed. "I know what you mean."

"Turn left at this next street. ... How about you?"

"Well, I run a computer warehouse in the city. I just took some parts to a client upstate and I'm heading home for the night."

"Ah. Going home to the family, huh?"

"No, it's just me."

"Yep, me too."

"Gets lonely sometimes."

"I know what you mean. See that second driveway? Pull in there, hon."

I pulled into the drive of a pretty little brick veneer house with white siding and crimson trim. I stopped, assuming that she would get out and say goodnight. Instead she turned, put her hand on my thigh and asked "Would you like to come in for a cup of coffee?"

I hadn't had an opportunity to spend time with any woman one to one in a long time and even if it was just conversation, it struck me as an enjoyable way to pass a few minutes. I smiled and said, "I'd love to."

I turned off the ignition and followed her inside. She led me down a hallway to a family room and invited me to sit while she put on the coffee. When I asked if I could change it to a tall glass of ice water because I don't like hot drinks in hot weather, she obliged and returned in just a few minutes with a huge glass full of ice and water.

As she handed me the glass, she said "Would you mind waiting for me while I shower and change? I smell like that place where I work and I'd like to get more comfortable."

"No, I don't mind. Or would you rather I leave?"

"No, no! Please stay. I want to get to know you better. It's just that I'd like to not be quite so sticky while we talk."

"Okay. I'll be waiting."

She disappeared down another hallway and I soon heard running water. I sat on the sofa sipping the cold refreshing water and looking around. She kept a neat, clean house from the looks of this room, which was decorated with personal trinkets and outfitted with sturdy but comfortable furniture.

Not more than fifteen minutes had passed when she came padding back into the room. She was barefoot but more importantly, she wore a light blue, diaphanous top that fell loosely around her body but ended about half-way down the curve of her bottom. Underneath it she had on a pair of bikini-style panties of the same see-through material and neither garment concealed what was inside.

I was impressed. Her most obvious assets were her breasts, which her white blouse had concealed earlier but were quite visible under the light blue material. They were as large as small melons and the ends were covered with baseball-sized areolas. The nipples were already hard and pushing dimples into the thin material.

Her waist was substantial but there was a definite narrowing and then her hips flared out significantly although when she pirouetted in front of me, I immediately appreciated the roundness of her bottom. When she stopped turning, the dark curly hair covering the triangle above her legs was quite obvious.

I felt an immediate growth between my legs as the blood surged downward. I groaned in appreciation of her assets and because of my own urge to grab her and throw her on the floor and attack her.

Her smile said that she knew the effect she had on me and it was just what she wanted. "I hope you don't mind me getting comfortable, honey. Do you like?" She held up her arms and twirled around again.

"No," I managed to rasp out, "I love it."

"Well, sugar, we'll just have to get to know each other better" she said, easing herself across my lap and sitting down. She leaned one arm against the back of the sofa, behind my head, presenting her left boob for my inspection. But I had only seconds to view it as she bent down and our lips met for the first time.

Still in shock at the lovely apparition, I tried to respond in kind, opening my lips but finding her tongue darting into my mouth before I could react. We kissed passionately for several long minutes before I slipped my hand under her top, up her side and cupped her left breast in my hand. Even though my hands are extra large, there was more than I could hold. When I rolled her nipple between my thumb and forefinger, she moaned and thrust her chest against my hand.

In the meantime, my cock was throbbing and felt like it was about to burst out of my pants. The sensation of her buttocks pressing on my member was almost more than I could bear. There was no way she could not realize the impact she was having on my organ, as it probed into the crevasse between her cheeks. 

After several minutes of kissing while I kneaded her breast, I slid my hand down her side and around her smooth round bottom. The flimsy top no longer covered her ass and the little bikini bottoms easily yielded to my fingers, moving aside and letting my finger tips touch the soft but hot flesh of her pussy. The instant I touched her, she jumped, gulped air and pressed herself into my body, reestablishing the kiss as if our lives depended upon it.

Over the next several minutes, my fingers traveled the length of her puffy pussy lips several times before I slipped two of them into her opening. Every time I touched a new place, her tongue renewed its rabid exploration of my mouth.

Then abruptly she pulled back and asked, "Would you like to go to my bed?"

When I nodded, she got up and took my hand, leading me down the hallway to a bedroom. While I was fiddling with my belt, the flimsy nightgown and panties disappeared and she took over my undressing, making short work of it all. When my throbbing erection popped into view, her face lit up like a flood light. Her fingers wrapped around my shaft and she cupped my balls in her other hand as she dropped to her knees in front of me. 

Em pulled the head of my cock down to her mouth and her tongue flicked out to lick at the drop of pre-cum that appeared at my opening. Little by little her tongue washed all around the pulsating head until she engulfed it completely. She began to suck on it as if it was an all-day sucker, making gentle cooing noises. I savored the magnificent feelings her mouth sent throughout my body but I also wanted to reciprocate.

Gently I tugged Fran up, saying, "Let's get where I can taste you too, sugar."

I climbed onto the bed and Fran climbed up on top of me. While her hands and mouth went back to work on my cock and balls, I spread her bottom and tentatively ran my tongue up and down her crease, finding it very moist and tasty. I began to trace wet circles around her clit, which was undoubtedly the most prominent little bud I had ever seen on a woman, more like a nipple than most. I finally enclosed the area around her clitty in my mouth and began to suck it softly, only to have Fran begin shaking her bottom and moaning until she suddenly stiffened and began to shake in earnest. After the waves of her orgasm passed, she collapsed her head to my legs, my stiff cock pushing at the back of her mouth.

I found a deliciously fresh flow of juice from her pussy and consumed it with gusto, taking time to make sure my tongue covered every bit of her tunnel that it could reach, during which Fran recovered sufficiently to begin sucking on my cock again. I teased her clit for several minutes, alternately blowing hot air on it and barely touching it with the tip of my tongue. I could tell she was getting wound up again and close to another climax so I again gathered the area around her clit into my mouth and sucked softly and again she rewarded my efforts with another orgasm.

Once again when the quaking ended, I went exploring and found my liquid reward. I again took several minutes consuming it all and cleaning her of her own juices. Then on impulse, I spread her cheeks wider and ran my tongue over her divide and into her anal valley. When my tongue first touched her anus, I felt her jerk and wondered if she was going to reject my advances but her only other reaction was to suck my cock harder. I started washing her anal valley and she began to grunt and wiggle her butt, not to get away from me but as if to press my tongue into her bottom.

I started poking the tip of my tongue at her puckered opening and she changed the wiggle into bucking back at me, as if she was fucking my tongue. But after a few minutes of that, she clamped her thighs around my head and shook like a strong earthquake. It was probably only 20 or 30 seconds but it seemed much longer ... and much more gratifying for me.

I still hadn't cum, which was not unusual for me to take so long, so after Fran had relaxed, I rolled her over and maneuvered around until I was over her. I spread her legs and guided my cock to her pussy and watched it slip easily in to the hilt on the first push. She was a little tight but between the slickness of her saliva and the wetness of her cunt juices, we seemed to be made for each other. As she wrapped her legs around my waist, her hands pulled my head down and our lips met in another long sloppy kiss.

I started rocking my bottom, causing my spear to rove around inside her love tunnel while my pubis teased her clit. Fran's hands became antsy, roaming quickly down my sides and back, pulling my ears, grabbing my ass. Our mouths remained glued together except when we broke for air occasionally.

I began stroking in and out and soon Fran broke our kiss. She cocked her head back, moaned and whispered, "Yes, baby, fuck me, fuck me hard, honey." I picked up the pace a bit but Fran reached between us and cupped my balls. To the same pace as my thrusts, she gently squeezed my nuts for a couple of minutes. Then I noticed she was squeezing faster and faster and ... my thrusts just seemed to follow suit, until I was banging hard into her pubis as fast as I could with the longest strokes I could. There was something hypnotic about the way her hand worked my testicles.

Suddenly her hand stopped working, her body grew taut as a board and she began quivering as if she were having a seizure. Just a few seconds later, I felt my balls compact and then begin spitting my cum deep into Fran's already soggy pussy. I pushed as deep into her as I could get and held us tightly together with an arm around her waist while I kissed the side of her face.

When I felt I could trust my muscles again, I eased myself to Fran's side and turned to face her, feeling very euphoric. She languidly turned to me and smiled.

After a few moments of silence, she propped her head on her elbow and ran the fingers of her other hand through the hair on my chest. 

She said, "Well, you know now that I'm a really horny woman, huh? What you don't know is that I don't get it nearly as often as I want it. In a little town like this, there aren't many unattached men."

While she was talking she shifted so that she laid her head on my chest and her hand slid down, over my stomach, through my thatch of pubic hair and then she rubbed my cock, alternating with caressing my balls. It was all rather slow and lackadaisical but it was having an electric effect on me. My cock begain to grow hard again.

Em continued, "And fooling around with a married man ... well, the gossip in a town this size will kill you. So I was really happy when you stopped for me and you turned out to be from out of town, and good looking, and nice to me. I know I'm older than you but ... well, I had a great time and I hope you did too."

"Oh, yes, honey! I sure did!" I confirmed.

"Good!" she exclaimed, turning to look at me. She was holding my now-erect member in her hand, "Look what I found. Wanna try it again?"

Well, of course, and when I nodded my assent, she scrambled onto hands and knees, her ass in the air. I climbed up behind her and found her hand waiting to guide my probe into her target opening. She was still wet and slick and I loved the feeling as I tugged on her hips to mash my crotch into her big round bottom. The warmth of her pussy quickly spread up the length of my cock, giving me a special feeling all over.

After just a few strokes, I realized that Fran would be severely beaten by her own tits if I let them roam freely so I grasped a handful on each side and resumed stroking. Fran eased herself down until she was resting on her face and I felt her left hand creep up my left thigh until she cupped my scrotum. 

With her fingers still on my balls, I feared I might not last as long as I normally would so I took a chance, released her right tit and slipped my hand between her legs to manipulate her little man-in-a-boat. It all produced a boatload of magnificent feelings. And then it culminated when we both started to cum almost simultaneously. I released her other boob, grabbed her hips in both hands and mashed our bodies together while my balls spit shot after shot of hot liquid pleasure into Fran's welcoming pussy. 

Meanwhile her muscles had quit working and she began a slow slide down to the mattress, which she reached just after the last drops of cum dribbled out of my one-eyed Cyclops. For the moment, I collapsed on top of her, still supporting my upper body on my elbows while my lower body rested entirely on her broad ass.

When I recovered enough to roll over, Fran turned to me and said, "That's good stuff, sugar. Why don't you just put your arms around me and let's get some sleep, okay?"

Why not? Okay, so I was seventeen minutes late opening the warehouse the next morning. Small price to pay for what I got.

Fran and I became Very Good Friends. I made the hour drive up to her place three or four times a week, depending on her work schedule. I began to spend my days off with her and she usually drove down on her days off, which never came at the same time two weeks consecutively, and spent them with me when I got home from work.

It turned out that we had a lot in common ... besides good sex. We both like all kinds of sports, especially the amateur kind. We both like to take late evening walks ... when we can get out of the bedroom. We like similar foods ... and Fran loves it when I spread part of a banana split on her naked body and then eat it off.

Yeah, we do like a lot of the same things, but the best has been sex. I think I may have just found the woman to spend the rest of my life with. Thank goodness for places that let you buy fast food late.