 It was really late at night, and I hadn't eaten all day. I just went to the first place that had lights on inside. And for the first time in about 20 years, I recently went to a Subway restaurant. I don't know why I haven't gone, maybe I just lost interest after working in one for years. As I went in, it didn't seem that too many things had changed. I went through slowly, reminiscing about the amount of time that I had worked there. I looked at the layout, the tables and benches, the silly (transit) subway maps, and the layout of food behind the glass. Maybe I was more out of it than I thought, because a loud "Excuse me sir!" jerked me out of a daze. 

Slightly embarrassed for being speechless and not paying attention, I couldn't look at her right away. Finding my voice, I asked "Can I please get a hot turkey breast on white, 6 inch bun, with..." and I finally looked up at her, and my voice immediately left again; I was shocked beyond belief! A beautiful young lady, who couldn't have been more than 25, was almost the spitting image of the last lady I saw in a Subway.

I was immediately taken back in time, and I was 23 again. I was back in uniform, standing behind the ingredients bar, watching my mysterious lady friend leaving for the last time. She wasn't my girlfriend, my wife, college friend; I guess you would just call her a fling. Still, it was the weirdest and most intense sexual relationship I had ever had. Except that we never had sex. I never knew her name, and she never knew more than my name badge said. 

One day right before closing time, while I was in the back room prepping for the morning shift, I heard the door 'ding' telling me someone came in. Kind of upset because this would make more cleanup, I took my time. Standing at the counter was this beautiful older lady, maybe about 40. She didn't say anything, she was just staring off into space through the tomatoes. I asked what I could get for her a couple of times, but she just wasn't answering.

Losing patience, I said "Excuse me miss. Can I help you?" She finally looked up at me, and I saw that while very good looking, she had many tear marks running through her makeup. Now I felt bad, so I asked "Are you OK? Is there anything I can do to help?"

She took a deep breath, and said "I'm sorry, I'm just a wreck. I just broke up with my boyfriend, and he kicked me out of the house. I'm on my way to a girlfriend's but I just had to stop for a minute to calm down."

I saw how this was bothering her, and I just couldn't be a jerk and throw her out. "I have to close up soon, but I'm not kicking you out. You can stay here for a little bit and calm down. I need to go clean up in the back room for a few minutes, but I'll be out shortly." I gave her a cookie, a soda and a pile of napkins, hoping that would hold her over while I as gone.

I was in the back room for maybe two or three minutes when I heard her walk back. I started to say she couldn't be back here, but she quickly said thanks for the snack, and she still had some napkins with her, occasionally dabbing at her eyes with them. She said "I'm sorry, I know I can't be back here, but I had to talk to someone. My boyfriend will just yell, my sister will just tell me to dump him. Can you please just listen?"

Putting the mop away, I jumped up on a counter next to her. Taking a deep breath, she said that she caught her boyfriend with another woman. They weren't having sex, but it was close. She ran from the room with her boyfriend chasing her, but she never saw the other woman again. Starting to tear up again, her voice got tighter.

She continued "He said the reason he was with another woman is that I was not having sex with him anymore. I'm just so busy with work, and there is so much happening every weekend, there just isn't time anymore. He was even accusing me of cheating on him. He said that I was sleeping around, and that's why I didn't have time for him anymore." She couldn't talk well then, she was just crying, looking so pitiful.

I just reached out to her and pulled her to me, just putting my arms around her. She put her head on my chest, just crying. I couldn't help myself, my body has a mind of it's own. I'm sitting on the counter, and she's standing in front of me leaning in to me, and I didn't notice before, but that put her boobs directly on top of my crotch.

The shaking of her body shook her boobs on my cock, and the inevitable happened. She had stopped crying, but she hadn't moved her body. Looking up at me, her eyes narrowed, she asked "Is that what I think it is? Does my pain turn you on or something?" I replied that "No, it's not the pain. It's because your boobs are rubbing and bouncing on my cock." 

She looked at me for a moment longer, then slowly took her arms from behind me. Looking down for a moment, she slowly unbuttoned her shirt. Looking back up at me, she said "these boobs? You like them on your cock?" I was still in serious shock, I could not believe this was happening.

My body seemed to be frozen, all I could do was to nod my head 'yes' at her, my eyes not leaving what I could see above the bra. She asked "Do you want more?" Once again, just the nod was all I could do. She let her shirt fall to the floor and asked again if I wanted more. Nod. She took my hands and put them on her shoulders. "If you want to see more, you will have to help."

Not needing any further talk, I slowly pulled the bra straps down, letting her breasts rest on my pants. All I could do was stare, noticing how my cock had grown more, and was holding one of them higher than the other. Pulling her arms out, she took my hands from the straps. She said "You got to see more, but now it's my turn."

She backed up a little bit, and before I knew it, my pants were no longer buttoned or zipped. She pulled down the strap of my boxers, and my cock popped out, pointing straight at her chin. Grinning, she held onto my cock and stroked it for a moment. Moving against me, she took my hands and put them on her breasts, squeezing my cock between them.

She moved her hand up to the back of my neck and pulled my head down, meeting my lips with hers. Suddenly, I could move again. Our tongues danced against each other, our lips hungry for each other. My hands were massaging her breasts, tweaking her nipples. Taking my hands in hers, she moved with me and rubbed my cock between her breasts. She pulled back from me, standing at arm's length, and took my hands off of her.

Just standing there, she reached out again for me, and started stroking my cock, biting her lip and staring at my tool in her hand. With a sly grin, she stopped stroking me, and pulled my cock towards her a bit. "Get down here already. Take off your shirt and pants. NOW!" I had no idea what was going to happen now, but I was ready for anything.

Getting down slowly from the counter because most of my coordination seemed to have left me, I had my shirt and pants off in just a few more seconds. Coming back up to me, we pressed our bodies together, enjoying the feeling of skin on skin. Reaching up for a kiss, she said "get your hands on my ass now. Yes, right there. Grab it and squeeze. Ooh, ya... Now reach back and take my skirt off. I can't have this on right now."

One unfamiliar fumble later, I found the zipper, and down it went. Putting my hands back on her ass, I could tell she only had on a little thong, which I was glad for – nothing to come between my hands and her ass. I pulled her closer, feeling her breasts squeezed to my chest.

Moving away from me again, she turned around and spread her legs a bit. Reaching down, she pulled her thong to the side and started rubbing her pussy. Not wanting to just watch, I put my cock between her legs, and grabbed two handfulls of ass. As she started moving back up against me, she started to moan.

Now that my hands were getting in the way, I kept them touching her body, and moved them up to her breasts only to find one of her hands were there already, Pinching the other nipple for her made her breathe faster and a little louder. Her ass moving around slowed down for a bit, and I felt her hand on my cock.

She just pressed the head of my cock up against her pussy, moving slower but more erratic. Her pussy was unbelievably wet, making her pussy lips seem softer tha ccn ever. Moaning softly, I whispered "Please quit teasing me, I need my cock inside of you right now." 

Not able to talk, all she could do was shake her head back and forth. I think what I said was working for her, so I continued with "put my cock inside you now, I want to feel you" and "If you won't put me in your pussy, then get on your knees, I'm need to feel the back of your throat. I want to see your lips wrapped around my cock."

She started moaning more, and was starting to squeal "OOH! Yes!" I knew she was close. Just hearing her, and feeling her body tighten up was driving me crazy. I moved my right hand down and grabbed her ass, and just as she pulled away from me, instead of letting her rock back on cycle, I pulled her ass roughly back to me. I could feel the head of my dick rub across the edge of her pussy, and rush up across her clit. It made her scream, and she got almost completely still, her whole body locked up except on hand, which was holding my cock, using it like a dildo to rub it on her clit as fast as she could.

I moved my hand forward, and slid the top of one finger into her pussy. That broke the dam, and her whole body shook as she started cumming. She moved her ass forward, pushed my cock up against me, and rested her back on it. Both her arms went past her head and around my neck, holding herself up. I could feel her ass around my cock, and had both hands on her boobs. Feeling her cum, listening to her cum, and feeling her body on mine, I knew I was only seconds away.

Rocking my hips in rhythm to hers, feeling her ass on my cock, my hands on her, I lowered my mouth to her neck and bit down just a little. In just a few more seconds, I could feel myself starting. Pulling her as close as we could get, grinding my cock into her lower back, I exploded more intensely than I have ever before. My body still surging, I could hear that she was coming back down too. Just holding each other for a moment, I leaned back on the counter, I think both of us had a bit of the 'shaky leg' syndrome.

A few minutes later, after we had cleaned up, she seemed to be a bit shy as she got dressed. "I never intended for this to happen," she said. "I just wanted to have a good cry by myself, and you were so nice, I wanted to give you a hug back here. I don't know what came over me."

I smiled, and she blushed and giggled, "No, that's not exactly what I mean. I didn't come in here to have sex, but after we started, ummm, doing stuff, I wanted to enjoy myself, but still without sex. Thank you for being a gentleman about it."

Thinking about it for a moment, I said "I didn't think this would happen either, but I definitely enjoyed it. I was not about to force you to do something you didn't want to. Besides, this was different, but also was very enjoyable – if for nothing else, just because it was so different."

She turned to gather her things and leave, and I asked her for her phone number. "No, I don't think that would be such a good idea. Maybe we should just call this one incredible fling and move on." And out the door she went; not walking perfectly straight yet, looking just like she did when she came in the store, although in a much better mood.

A few weeks later I saw her for the second and last time. Once again, I was working alone at closing time, and she came in when I had gone to the back room. I heard the door ding, so I went up to tell whoever was there that we were closed, but it was her. She came straight to me, pushed me back into the stock room. She grabbed the sides of my head and brought my face to hers, immediately pressing her lips to mine. Our tongues found each other, and explored each other's mouths.

Stopping to breathe, she covered my mouth with her hand. "I just wanted to let you know I'm leaving town. You won't see me again. This is your last chance to touch me and to taste me. Is that what you want to do to me?"

I couldn't talk around her hand, so I just nodded my head. I grabbed her around the waist, and carried her to the prep table in the middle of the room. I had just emptied and cleaned it, so she wouldn't get anything else on her. As I laid her down, I grabbed the top hem of her skirt and pulled it off of her, luckily snagging her underwear also.

Before the clothes hit the floor, I had my mouth on her pussy, licking her clit while rubbing one finger around the outside of her pussy. She started moving her hips and making noises already. She looped her legs around behind my back, pushing her crotch up towards me. Her hands on the back of my head made sure that my mouth could not leave her pussy any time soon – but I wasn't planning to.

Sliding one finger all the way inside her, I moved it around, landing on her special stop. Bucking her hips below me, she continuously shoved her pussy into my face. With my tongue making love to her clit, and my finger telling her to cum, she listened to me, and within only a few minutes of starting, I tasted her cumming on me. She pushed my head away, and let go of me with her legs.

She just lay there for a moment recovering. Even though I was enjoying the view I had, she started moving again. She sat up on the table, and ripped off her shirt and bra, tossing them to the side. She just sat there while continuing to recover. My eyes were liking the view, but it was also making my cock come back to life.

I saw her staring at my reaction to her, and just smiled "I can't help it, you're beautiful, and my dick remembers you. He's happy to see you again." She just smiled and hopped down off the table, walked up to me, and pushed me over to the table.

Reaching out to me, it took her about 10 seconds to drop my pants and boxers to my ankles. "Get up there now" she ordered. I did so, and took off my shirt on the way.

She knocked off my shoes, and all my clothes ended up in a pile. She stepped up and grabbed my cock and started stroking it slowly. "Yes, I see he does remember. But it doesn't remember this." The last word came out of her mouth just as the tip of my cock went inside it. Not wasting any time, she took all of my cock into her mouth; I could feel the head going into her throat.

I had never felt that before, no woman had ever taken all of me in her mouth. I gasped, not believing how good it felt. I put my hands on the sides of her head, hoping she would stay that way, but she pushed them away. Moving her head back up, she stopped halfway up and just moved her lips up and down my shaft about an inch at a time. I reached around and grabbed one breast, rubbing the tip of one nipple. I could feel her react, but she pushed my hand away again.

Standing up, she liked her lips and smiled. "Not this time. No hands. Just lay back."

She pushed me in the chest so I lay down all the way. I couldn't see it, but a second later, I felt her mouth back on my cock. Between her lips, her tongue, and the way her hand worked, I was getting the best blowjob of my life. Her other hand grabbed a hold of my balls, and she was massaging them while sucking and stroking my cock. I couldn't believe the feeling, and I just knew that I wouldn't last long. 

It couldn't have been more than a minute when I felt it starting. Starting to move my hips, and staring to moan, I had to do something with my hands. I put them on her head, but no pressure, I just let them follow her movements. Starting deep inside me, my muscles started working, and a second later, I was cumming like I never had before. She stopped moving her head, she just took it all. Her hand on my balls had not stopped moving, it was like she was trying to get more out of me. I felt that every drop of my cum was gone, and with it my energy. I just laid there panting, my legs shaking, my arms dead weights.

Sitting up, I could see her just leaning on the table looking at me. She caught me looking, and quickly looked away, moving to get her clothes. We got dressed, and like the last time, she said she had to go. "No questions, no numbers, no nothing. I wanted to see you again before I left." And with that, she walked out. Half dressed, I tried to follow, but that was all, she was gone.

Snapping out of my memories, the girl at the counter was looking at me oddly. "Sir, can I help you, or are you going to let me go close up shop for the night? You're starting to creep me out."

It crossed my mind that a replay would be incredible, but I knew that would never happen. I mumbled something about being sorry, and walked out – but with a big smile. Maybe I would try later, or maybe I should just let that memory stay special in my mind.