 She didn’t look like much, standing there behind the counter of the fast food restaurant. I noticed her name badge said "Cindi" on it and I also notice that she stood a good six feet tall. Cindi also had an attitude. As the guy in front of me in line approached her she leaned on the counter with one arm and said, "Yeah, what do you want?" He stumbled for words and finally gave her his order, she said nothing to him but gave the order to the boys sweating away at the grill. 

Looking at her, I found nothing actually attractive. Her clothes were baggy, her hair simply parted in the middle with natural curly black hair pulled back with berets. Makeup was apparently too much of a bother for such a girl. But, something about her caused a twitch in my jeans. She greeted me in the same manner as her last customer but I was ready for her and gave her my order in a very succinct manner. This seemed to take her by surprise and flustered her a bit. 

A few days later I was sitting outside my office and watched her come out the back door of the fast food restaurant. She was wearing a big baggy shirt and jeans that didn’t show a single curve. How plain Jane, how unexciting, nothing like the women I usually found myself attracted to. You know he kind, the ones who primp for hours before going to the grocery store and make certain they wear clothes that outline every curve. 

Over the next few weeks I actually started thinking that I didn’t like this girl. She always had an attitude, I never seen her smile at anyone. Yet, for some strange reason, we began talking. One weekend a friend of mine was having a party and everyone was bringing their wives or girlfriends. I really wanted to go to the party but wasn’t dating anyone at the time. I went across the street for lunch and when I saw Cindi a crazy idea hit me, why not ask her to go with me? 

Was I nuts! She wouldn’t fit in with my friends. What would she wear, combat boots and a rain suit? Still, I really didn’t want to go to the party stag. So, I asked her out in a most unusual manner, I said, "You wouldn’t want to go out with me Friday night would you?"

To my amazement, she said, "Sure, what the hell." 

I couldn’t tell if I was happy or pissed about it. Then when Friday rolled around, my sister was having problems with her car and started working on it and before I knew I had completely forgotten about the party and Cindi. On Monday, when I went for lunch I suddenly remembered that I had stood her up. I immediately went in and explained what happened, apologized and asked if I could make it up by taking her out the following Friday. She forgave and agreed to the date. Well, damned if I didn’t completely forget about the date the following Friday and stood her up the second time. 

When I realized what I had done, I went in and apologized profusely but felt it was probably better not to ask her out again. 

The following Friday I was sitting in my apartment, wearing only my swim trunks when there came a loud banging on the door. I jumped up from my chair and opened the door and there stood Cindi. She looked at me and said, "You sorry son of a bitch, you have stood me up twice and I don’t like it! So get your ass dressed, I’m taking YOU out!"

Being ordered around like caused my dick to twitch. While I was getting dressed I found it difficult to on my jeans because my cock was so hard.

We went to a drive in movie and even went to play on the swings with the kids there. It was a great time. When we were ready to leave, she asked if I would drive and handed me the keys. Then, she shocked me by reaching over and giving me just the slightest kiss. The kind where she gently brushes her lips against mine and I could feel her hot breath on my lips. Then she walked away and jumped in the passenger side. I started up the car and was going to head back home when she said, "Let’s drive up into the mountains a ways, I really don’t feel like going home just yet."

I turned for the mountains when I felt her hand reach over and lightly touch the inside of my thigh. I had to rearrange my left foot to become more comfortable. As she talked she started lightly rubbing my thigh and at times I could feel her thumb gently touch that area between where my balls meet my thigh. Needless to say this was working me into a frenzy. She didn’t actually touch my balls or my cock, but I could feel the occasional light touch that would make my dick jump around. 

We finally reached the Mountain Park and looked out over the star-like city lights below. I reached over and kissed her and felt her open her mouth for a hungry, passionate, searching kiss. After a few minutes of soul searching kisses, I moved lower on her neck and began kissing her just under the ear lobe and reaching back to kiss that area just below the back of her head. 

I could feel her breathing quicken. Her skin felt hotter. I reached over and gently placed my hand on her breast to be rewarded by hearing sigh. The kind of sigh one has when they experience great relief. 

Considering how Cindi normally dressed, one would never know what beautiful full breasts she had. As I unbuttoned her top and bra, I was pleasantly surprised to find two perfectly formed mounds of milky white skin with two small, rosy colored nipples. Seeing her breasts took my breath away. For a few moments I had to just stare in awe. Then I placed my head in between them to enjoy their magnificence and aroma. I slowly worked my tongue over her breasts without touching her sensitive nipples. For 20 minutes I thrilled in the feel, taste and texture of her womanly curves. Then I slowly sucked in a nipple. She gasped for breath. She kept telling me that she couldn’t remember being so turned on. I ran my tongue across her chest to suck in the other nipple.

I reached down and placed my hand on the inside of her thigh. I was amazed to find a firm, ice-skater type muscle tone. Her legs were shaking with anticipation. Amazingly, when I slid my hand up and cupped her womanhood, she began trembling. I couldn’t believe it! She had climaxed with nothing more than teenage-type foreplay. I unzipped her pants and slid my hand under her cotton panties. She was soaking wet and yet as I slid a finger inside her I could tell she was one of tightest women I had ever known. 


She immediately lifted her ass off the seat and asked me to help her get her jeans off. In a flash, she was sitting there with no pants and her blouse lying open exposing the most sensuous body I have ever known. To see the black pubic hairs contrasting so well against her gloriously white skin, her beautiful breasts rising and falling in the moonlight, her stomach twitching … it was a most exotic sight. 

Finally I began running my tongue across her twitching abdomen ever so slowly, raising the temperature in the car. She turned around and placed her back against the passenger door so I could get a better look at her pink lined pussy which was now pumping juices. Juices I lapped up like a man dying of thirst. I licked the outside of her pussy lips and then gently slid my tongue into the warm folds of her womanhood. Slowly I traced the line of her pussy with my tongue, flicking it from side to side until I reached her button of glory. I spread the lips apart with my fingers and lightly flicked my tongue over her clit, just to catch her attention. Then I slid my tongue back down her slit to begin a slow tongue fucking.

My God this woman tasted good. When I moved back up to her clit I barely touched it when she started cumming all over again. She grabbed my head and pulled it towards awaiting pussy and began shivering all over while her love juices filled my mouth and covered my face. At this point she was far too sensitive for me to continue with any aggression so I backed off and started kissing her all around her now sensitive snatch and slowly brought her back to herself. 

She leaned over and grabbed my face and began kissing me, tasting her own sweet juices on my tongue. Then she reached down and started unzipping my fly, much to the relief of my aching cock. She pulled out my dick, which is just average in size, but she knew how to make a man feel good. She looked and me in the eyes and said, "Your cock is just perfect for me."

Then she leaned over and ran her tongue up the shaft of my throbbing cock and then licked all around the pulsating head. Then she looked up me with her big, brown eyes and while looking me in the face began slowly taking my cock into her hot, wet mouth. I was amazed. It was everything I could do to keep from blowing my wad right then and there.

After sucking me for a few moments, she suddenly sat up and said, let’s get a bit more comfortable. She opened the car door and stepped outside and guided me to lie down across the seat with my legs sticking out of the passenger door. I did as I was instructed and she removed my pants and underwear. Then she kneeled down outside the car, between my protruding legs and started giving me the greatest blowjob of my life. I couldn’t believe how she could swallow every inch of my blood-gorged member and still stick her tongue out to lick my balls. 

Then she removed her mouth from my cock and started rubbing her very wet tongue all over my balls. Gently sucking each on of them into her mouth. Then she lifted my balls up and began licking underneath them. I was completely beside myself by this time. My head was spinning and I knew I was completely out of control. Then she lifted my legs and ran her tongue even lower. Suddenly I felt a shock of pleasure shoot through my body and her hot tongue lightly ran over my asshole. Then she did again, and again. I was going completely crazy. She moved back after getting my butt soaked with her spittle and began sucking my balls again. She shifted her weight and then I felt her finger pressing on my lubricated asshole. 

I really didn’t know what to think. But, I did know it felt good. She sucked my cock back into her mouth at the very same time she slid her finger into my ass. The sensation was unbelievable. At that moment, I lost all control and spasms set in as I began pumping what felt like gallons of cum into her hungry mouth. How she swallowed that load without losing drop still amazes me. If my cock had been in the open the load would have shot several feet into the air, yet she kept on sucking me while working my tight butt with her finger. My body was convulsing uncontrollably. Even after several minutes, my cock was still hard as rock. I couldn’t think straight, my head was spinning and if she had asked me to rob a bank and go against everything I believed in at that moment, I would have done anything she asked. 

She stood up and told me to get out of the car. She grabbed my cock as I stood up and led me around to the back of the car like someone leading his or her dog on a leash. She had opened the trunk and in the back was a blanket. She told me to spread it out and lit down. I did and when I lies down she crawled on top of me and slid my manhood into her tight, hot, pussy. The immediate sensation almost brought over the edge. I held on as best I could while she fucked me with all of her heart and soul. Feeling her tight slit gripping my cock, milking like it wanted to pull the very life out of me was a sensation unparalleled for me. 

I reached around and felt her firm, round ass, bouncing up and down on my shaft. I thought turnabout was fair play so began massaging her tight little anus. She begged me to get my finger in her ass. I put my finger in my mouth to get it wet and then reached around her and slid it in her butt. I worked it around and around and then started sliding it in and out of her ass. 

Soon she was cumming again and the feel of her pussy pulsating and grabbing at my cock was too much and I emptied another large load into her love canal. She fell over on top me and we were both convulsing for several minutes. Then as we began to cool off, she rolled off of me and cuddled up in my arms, gently touching my now flaccid dick. 

About that time we heard something in bushes and grabbed the blanket to throw over us. We hid our nakedness just before a group of boy scouts out on a night hike, came around the corner. We just stayed still as they passed by. Their scoutmaster was bringing up the rear and as he passed us, he stopped, looked up at the sky and said, "hmmm…looks like a full moon tonight." Then he winked in our direction and moved on out of sight. 

I learned a lot from this experience … sometimes you have to shuck the oyster to find the pearl.