 With input and assistance from ariesgirl. Thank you.




Mike sat in his car outside the hotel room wondering what the hell he was doing here. He hadn't talked to Cindy in almost a year and then with only two days until the event he suddenly gets a Wedding Invitation with a special note asking him to come if at all possible. 

He and Cindy had been "an item" throughout High School and had remained close, more or less, so without even thinking about it he had packed his clothes, jumped into his car and began the drive back to his hometown it was only after he had been driving for almost an hour that he remembered to call his secretary and tell her to cancel all of his appointments for the next two weeks. As soon as he hung up he started to wonder why he had said two week especially since he could be back to work in just a few days but decided not to worry about it. He hadn't taken a vacation in over five years so maybe this was fate stepping in to tell him it was time for a break. 

Almost if by instinct he drove to the second of the three hotels in town and now sat in the parking lot thinking. "What the fuck am I doing here of all places? And of all the rooms in the place how in the hell did I land up with this one?" Reluctantly, he got out of the car and grabbed his suitcase. Opening the door it looked like most other hotel rooms: two Queen-size beds, a TV, and a bathroom but the memories of that night instantly overwhelmed him. 

He had been 19 and Cindy had been 18 when they had decided that now was the time to do "it". Closing his eyes he could still see her laying on the bed waiting for him. They were "in love" but neither of them had any experience sexually so they had kissed and touched and then they had done "it". Afterwards, they were both sore and embarrassed and had silently left the room.

They never talked about what had happened. Then life changed when his mother informed him that she and his father were getting a divorce and that they would be moving since she had gotten a job with the help of a friend in Atlanta. He had barely had time to say good-by to Cindy before they had left yet there had always been a special bond between them, so they had kept in contact with each other over the years with the yearly birthday card or occasional phone call. Maybe that was why he had come back for her Wedding; he wasn't sure, he just knew that something inside had told him to come.

After getting settled, he walked across the street to the local restaurant for a late dinner. The food was as good as he remembered and he was relaxing with a drink when he heard her voice. Looking over his shoulder he saw Cindy entering the bar with some of her girlfriends. The past nine years had been good to her and she looked better than ever. Standing 5-foot 7-inches tall, her blonde hair framed her blue-green eyes perfectly before rolling off her shoulders and stopping just above her breasts. She was wearing a white, sleeveless top that had the top three buttons open giving everyone a view of her ample cleavage along with a pair of tight jeans and high-heels. 

Jeans and high heels had always been a turn-on for him and Cindy had always known just how and when to wear them to tease the hell out of him. Shaking his head to clear the memories he looked back up and their eyes met momentarily. It was if all the years in between had disappeared and it was just to two of them again but then the moment was gone when she was scurried away by her friends to the backroom where her bachelorette party was taking place. Yet that moment was all it took for Mike to realize how much her still cared for her ... cared a lot more then he should for a woman who was going to get married the next day. Quietly paying his bill, he walked back across the street to his hotel room where he finally fell asleep dreaming of her. 

All too soon the alarm went off and he began to get ready for the Wedding ... that is until he looked for his shoes. He checked the room ... twice ... and almost ripped apart his car but still no shoes. He was sure he had packed them but they were nowhere to be found and he has already going to be late so he slipped on his work shoes, gave them a quick buff with a wash cloth from the bathroom and headed for the church. He figured he'd slip into a back pew and no one would notice because of the ceremony but fate had other ideas. 

When he entered, every set of eyes turned towards him a look of expectancy in their eyes before turning away. Time seemed to drag on forever until Cindy's father slowly walked up the aisle and stood at the front of the church. Every face turned towards him, his anger apparent, as he said, "Ladies and Gentleman, I regret to inform you that there will not be a wedding today. Apparently, the groom had a previous engagement with HIS WIFE and left town last night. I apologize for the inconvenience," and then walked swiftly back down the aisle.

The church burst into an uproar as everyone started to talk at once. Mike remained seated as he watched them leaving the church and talking about how they knew the groom was no good and up to something or simply how sorry they were for Cindy. Mike sat there quietly, unsure what else to do, until everyone had left. Then, just as he was about to leave he saw Cindy enter the church from the side door and walk up to the alter. He could hear her gently crying but didn't move for fear of disturbing her until she turned to leave and she saw him there. 

Hesitantly, he walked up the aisle toward her and instinctively opened his arms. 

She looked at him through tear reddened eyes and waited until her eyes focused on him, "Mike?"

He nodded as she stepped into his arms and melted against his chest while he wrapped them around her protectively and as she continued to cry.

Just then Mike saw Cindy's dad enter the church and look at them closely. Recognizing Mike he nodded his head as he mouthed the words "Thank you," and left.

"Oh Mike, I feel like such a fool. How could I have been so stupid? I've known Eric for almost a year now and never imagined this could happen. He always seemed to be "Mr. Right," our interests and dreams for the future matched so perfectly. How could he have done this to me? What did I do to deserve this? I mean am I ugly or does it look like I'm that desperate that he'd do this to me? And now it turns out that he's been married the whole time!" she sobbed.

Pulling her closer Mike whispered, "It's ok, Cin. You just got mixed up in a bad situation with the wrong guy, that's all. You're not stupid or foolish or desperate and you're definitely not ugly."

"But what am I supposed to do now? I quit my job, moved out of my apartment, put all my stuff in storage and sold my car. The plan was that we were going to move to his hometown to open a business together after we returned from our honeymoon. I even gave him the money to put a down-payment on the storefront for the business; now I don't even have a place to sleep tonight. My parents offered to let me stay with them for awhile, but I don't want to run back to mommy and daddy like a little kid."

"Well, then why don't you get away for awhile to think this out?" Mike queried.

Still wrapped in Mike's arms, Cindy stood quite for several moments before replying softly, "You're right but I really don't want to be alone right now, do you have any plans for the next two weeks?"

Mike stood there unsure of what to say. Here was the girl, now a woman, who had been the first love of his life asking him to go away with her for two weeks. Suddenly he remembered he had told his secretary that he'd be gone for two week and a question began to form in his mind before he was pulled back to the present as Cindy moved.

Reluctantly, Cindy stepped back and looked into his eyes, "Please."

With that one simple word all of the questions and reasons Mike had started to give himself for not going along with her melted away and he answered, "Sure."

Not another word was spoken as they picked up the last of Cindy's belongings and left the church with Cindy still in her Wedding gown. Standing on the church steps Cindy stopped and looked at Mike "Did you know you're the only one that calls me Cin instead of Cindy?"

"No I didn't know that. Do you want me to call you Cindy too?"

Hesitating for only the briefest of moments, Cindy replied, "No, I think it would sound strange to hear you call me anything but Cin, besides I want to get away from all of this and Cindy for the next two weeks, so why not just stay with Cin. Besides I like the way it sounds coming from you," she finished before walking down the steps to Mike's car. 

He'd laughed when he'd parked in the space reserved for the bride and groom's limo but had figured he'd be able to get out and move it before anyone noticed yet once again it seemed as if fate had a better plan.

"So where do you want to go, ma'am? I'm at your disposal," Mike bowed as he held the door open for Cindy.

"I don't know. The ocean has always helped me forget and relax so why don't we just head that way."

Closing the door, Mike quickly walked around the car and slid into the driver's seat before pulling from the curb and heading East. He had left the top down on his car and the wind seemed to blow all of Cin's cares away as they drove towards the ocean. Then as if in a final gesture of ending the day's events she pulled the veil from her hair and held it above her before releasing it to flutter to the ground behind her ... never looking back.

Neither said a word until Cindy suddenly asked, "Did you know that this is exactly what I did after that night you and I were together in that hotel room?"

Mike almost drove off the road as he turned to look at her in surprise. "Well, that's one hell of a way to start a conversation," he said as he quickly got the car back on the road.

Cindy suddenly started to laugh and it was as if all the years away from each other had disappeared. They talked about everything that had been going on since their last phone conversation and reminisced about the things they had done together when they were younger until suddenly Cin said, "Do you care were we go for this get away?"

Mike drove on quietly for a few moments thinking. "Not really ... this is your trip. I'm just the chauffer." 

Cindy's face lit up instantly, "OK, then just pull off at the next exit so I can make some calls, then we'll be on our way."

Mike found a service station and pulled over to fill up with gas as Cindy, still in her Wedding gown, made her calls. When he got back into the car she smiled that wicked little smile that made his blood boil as she said, "Everything is all set. Just get back onto the freeway and head south-east until you hit the ocean. I'll tell you more when we get there. By the way did you bring any clothes to bum around in or do we need to get you some."

"To be honest I've been doing so much traveling at the spur of the moment lately that I always keep a bag packed with some jeans, shorts, swim trunks and a couple of T-shirts in the trunk along with a pair of old running shoes."

"Perfect. Then let's get going."

Quickly resuming their talk Cin asked, "How did you know about the Wedding?"

Confused Mike glanced over at her. "You sent me an invitation."

Bewildered Cin returned his look as she replied, "No I didn't."

Reaching into the glove box, Mike pulled out the invitation and handed it to her.

Cindy looked down at the invitation and became quiet for several minutes before continuing. "This is really strange. I kept adding and then removing your name because I wasn't sure how you'd feel about me getting married. I even wrote an invitation, apparently this one, along with this note but I never mailed it. The last time I remember seeing it was about a week ago sitting on the hallway table next to some ..." again she became quiet.

Mike could see that she was trying to remember the events of the day so he remained silent as well.

Then as if she had never stopped Cindy suddenly said, "... next to some bills."

The answer to the question of how the invitation was sent suddenly became apparent to both of them and they laughed and simultaneously said, "Fate."

Time seemed to fly by and Mike soon found himself pulling up to an ocean-front marina where Cindy directed him to pull into one of the slots reserved for those that had boats in the slips. Looking over at Mike she asked, "Still remember how to sail?" before jumping out of the car and heading to the Manager's Office. 

People all along the dock stopped to watch as she walked by in her wedding dress, while Mike unloaded the car. A few whistled as she walked by and made comments to Mike about what a lucky guy he was but neither of them responded. 

When Cindy returned the Manager was with her and he opened the locked gate to allow them access to the piers. Cindy took the lead going down the slips until she stopped at a 33-foot long sailboat that was being prepared by the marina staff. "What do you think?"

Mike stood looking at the boat with the seasoned eye of someone who knew and loved sailing craft. "Not bad. When did you get this?"

"Does it matter? Let's get this stuff stowed and get going", she replied as she hopped onto the deck.

Throwing his bag into the cabin, Mike went through the pre-check and safety list with the marina staff as he familiarize himself with the boat and was soon cruising out of the marina in into the ocean. 

Cindy had gone below deck to check the cabinets for supplies when suddenly Mike heard, "Shit, Shit, SHIT!!!"

"You OK down there?"

"Ya, just another fucking thing to go along with my day."

"What's wrong?"

"I'm stuck."

"What?"

"You heard me. I can't get this damned dress off. The zipper is stuck."

"You need help?"

"NO, I want to stay stuck in this thing for the whole trip. What do you think?"

Mike laughed as he shifted the engine to "Idle" and went down into the cabin. Cindy stood in the middle of the cabin with her back to him, the zipper of her wedding dress partially down revealing the smooth, tanned skin of her back and no sign of a tan-line from a bikini top while her arms were across the front of her dress to keep it from falling forward. Mike found the zipper snagged in the satin of the gown and gently tried to get it to move without success. "This thing is really stuck. If I pull much harder it may rip."

"I don't care what you need to do but get it off of me," Cindy quipped. "After what's happened today I may just use it for an extra sail or a sea-anchor."

Grabbing the zipper, Mike gave it a yank and was surprised when the whole gown slid over Cindy's hips and landed up on the floor while throwing him off balance so that he landed on the floor too. Looking up he was rewarded with one of the beautiful sights he had ever seen. Cindy stood there in only a garter-belt, flesh-colored hose and a pair of 3-inch high-heels. Her blonde hair hung down over her shoulders to her breasts revealing that she must have done her share of topless sunbathing since there was not a tan-line to be seen and her nipples seemed to be growing as he stared at them. Her hips flared perfectly and there was a delicately trimmed blonde triangle of hair above her slit. Faintly he could smell her essence as he looked up into her blue eyes and saw not only surprise but ... excitement? Neither moved for what seemed like an eternity until a wave hit the side of the boat bringing them back to reality. 

"Like what you see?" Cindy asked as she took a comical pose with her hands on her hips exposing herself to him.

"Hell, ya. I'd have to be crazy not to like it. You're gorgeous," he relied as he felt his cock hardening.

Instantly Cindy began to cry as she sat down, "I'm glad someone thinks I'm beautiful. I can't believe that son-of-a-bitch was married. All the plans we made together, all the promises made ... it was all a lie ... a fucking lie!"

Mike quickly knelt up and wrapped his arms around her again as he drew her close. Leaning her head on his shoulder he stroked her hair and whispered quietly that everything would be "OK". The fact she was almost naked only seemed to heighten his emotions. Holding her in his arms he knew, without a doubt, how much he still cared for her and that no matter what had happened before he wanted to take care of Cindy and protect her from ever being hurt again.

Slowly Cindy's tears stopped and her hand slid down to the front of his pants, surprising both of them as she gently squeezed Mike's hardened cock. Now it was Mike's turn to be embarrassed as he stammered "Cin, I can explain ... when I saw you standing there my body just reacted. I'm really sorry."

Instead of removing her hand Cin slowly began to rub against the hump forming on his pants. "Mike, I know this is going to sound really corny ... almost like those romance novels you can buy at the store, but being here like this suddenly brought a lot of things into perspective." Lifting her head she looked directly at Mike, "Every guy, and I mean every guy that I've ever dated or been with, I've compared to you. Sometimes, I'd fantasize that it was you holding my hand, or kissing me, or undressing me and making love to me. I've never regretted what happened that first night together, what I have regretted was that we didn't do it again ... and again until we had learned to do "it" right and how to please each other. 

Tonight was supposed to be my Wedding Night and I don't want to go to bed alone. I'm don't want you to think I'm doing this on the rebound. I want to go to bed with someone who truly cares about me." 

Pulling away, she stood, pulling Mike with her before walking to the bunk and grabbing a small bag she had brought on-board with her while giving Mike another look at her magnificent body. Each step she took away from him made her hips sway enticingly and her legs stretch and tighten in her high-heels. When she leaned over for her bag he could see one of her breasts as it hung below her chest, firm and inviting. After retrieving a small box wrapped in silver and gold paper she turned and walked back towards him never trying to hide anything from him. 

Taking a quick inventory Mike realized that Cindy had definitely grown up to be a beautiful woman. At 27 years old she now stood 5' 7" tall though she was closer to 5' 10" with her high hells. She had a 36C-27-34 figure that was tanned everywhere with the exception the faint tan-line of a G-string around her waist extending down over the junction between her legs. Her blond hung loosely over her shoulders and rested on the top of her breasts which were capped with a darker shade areola and nipples that, at the moment, were hard and pointing directly at him. Her blue-green eyes sparkled with an intensity and excitement that he had never seen from any other woman before and her legs were toned and shapely. Then for the briefest of moments he thought he saw the light reflect from between her legs as if they were wet. His body reacted as his cock hardened further causing the front of his pants to bulge even further. 

So lost in thought about how great she looked Mike didn't realized she had stopped in front of him and was lifting her hand to offer him the box. "Here, this was supposed to be for my husband but I want you to have it."

Shaken from his fantasy, Mike opened the box and looked inside at what appeared to be an oversized condom as a bewildered look formed on his face.

Cindy came to his rescue with a large smile on her face and that twinkle back in her eyes, "It's my diaphragm. I'm one of those women who can't use 'the pill' so I've always used this to keep from getting knocked-up. Well, I had planned on getting one kind of ring today and then giving this one to my new husband to let him know that I wanted to have his children. We had planned on waiting until the business was stable but the more I thought about it the more I realized I'd be a great mother and didn't want to wait, I wanted them now."
