 -6- 

Some years earlier... 

Alyss and her roommate Valerie sat in lounge chairs not far from the pool, they and the others living in the student apartment complex enjoying a weekend away from school. Both wore bikinis. Alyss a pink one, tied onto her young body by strings dangling off the top and bottom parts; Valerie a jet black, skimpier outfit than her friend. Both had the boys, and some of the girls there, checking them out as they passed by. 

Alyss didn't notice that, knowing she and her friend would be checked out like all the other girls there. Instead, she watched Darius get out of the pool. 

He raised himself out. Through her sunglasses, she watched him flex his arms and chest as he rose up, the water upon his skin glistening in the sun. His young, moderate athletic build gave him a fit look. Alyss thought it complemented the dark, wavy hair atop his youthful face and the little bit adorning his chest. 

God, Alyss thought, unconsciously sticking the tip of her finger in her mouth, watching him walk towards a chair near the water. That's so hot. 

She crossed her legs, that ever so subtle feeling she would get below her clean shaven mound coming back. 

Seeing him in class, around campus, studying, talking about computers and graphic designing or when hanging with friends was one thing. This was another. The water dripping off him. His soaked shorts hugging his hips and crotch. 

"You need to stop eye fucking him and go for it," Valerie said, noticing how Alyss stared at Darius, no doubt mentally undressed him as he stopped and dried off. 

Alyss was doing just that as she continued to smile, but didn't take her eyes off him. 

"I'm waiting for him to make the first move," Alyss said, the tip of her finger still in her mouth. 

Valerie turned and let out a huff. "You might be waiting a while. And some other girl might beat you to him." 

"Like you maybe?" Alyss asked, watching Darius run his hand through his wet hair. 

"Not my type. At least for dating," Valerie said also watching him. "I might fuck him but—" 

"Val!" Alyss spouted turning towards her. 

Valerie gave her a mischievous smile. "Don't worry. I'll save him for you. Because friend," she paused, pointing at Darius, "you really need to get laid." 

Both let out a small girlish giggle, then looked back over at Darius. He saw them and smiled, giving both ladies a small wave. 

Valerie turned and looked at Alyss. She noticed that all her friend did was give him a glance with a subdued smile, then look down at her feet, attempting to appear uninterested. Turning back towards Darius, she gave him a small wave, then motioned him toward her. 

Alyss looked up to notice him slowly walking their way. A sudden shutter of anticipation shot through her. She looked at Valerie and the roguish smile on her face. 

"Don't say I never help a friend out," Valerie said. "And why let that bikini you have on go to waste." 

"What?" Alyss spouted, then turned back to see Darius almost upon them. She took in his smile and dark stubble surrounding his lips and cheeks. Then she looked down at his slender abs, below which rested his still wet shorts. Alyss took particular notice of the bulge thereon. 

With teenage shyness, she looked away, reaching down for a textbook next to the chair. Having planned on doing some studying, the book had gone untouched. Darius' almost naked body distracted her all afternoon. 

"How you girls doing?" Darius asked as he stopped between the two chairs. 

Valerie looked at him. "Catching some rays. Aren't we Alyss?" 

Both Valerie and Darius looked at her. 

Having heard everything they said, Alyss looked up from her now open book and gave Darius a smile. "Yeah. Just catching some sun. And you?" 

"Same thing. Wana get away from school for a bit, ya know." 

Alyss soaked up his young voice, but said nothing. She just stared at him. 

Valerie noticed the look on her face and her silence. 

"Plus, this gives Alyss a chance to try out her new bikini," Valerie said. 

Darius gave her a look, then glanced back at Alyss. "Wow. It looks hot on you Alyss." 

His compliment added to her already aroused body. She felt her nipples harden as they pressed against her top. 

"Thanks. Darius," she said, then returned to pretending to read. 

Darius turned back to Val. She nodded her head towards Alyss, then slowly and silently mouthed the words 'go for it' enunciating each word so Darius got the point. 

He did. 

"Hey Alyss," he began, looking back at her, "you got those notes from Mr. Hall's class from last week? I can't find mine and we got that quiz on Monday." 

Alyss looked up at him with eagerness. "Ah yeah! I mean... sure." She took off her sunglasses and sat the book on her lap. "We can hit the library tonight if you want. I like almost forgot about that quiz too!" 

Darius grimaced. "Well, if you can, can I get 'em now. I'd like to get a head start. I mean..." 

"Sure. Sure!" Alyss stood up. Once on her feet, she felt her bottom bunching up on her butt. She ran her fingers along the back of her bikini and each cheek to straighten it out. 

Darius did not fail to notice her actions. 

"Thanks, Alyss. Led the way." 

Darius gave Valerie a look as he stepped towards Alyss. Valerie put on a slight smirk. 

Alyss began walking away with Darius right next to her. As they moved towards the main building, she turned and gave her friend one last look. 

Valerie held her hand to her face, making a V with two fingers. She pressed them against her lips and wiggling her tongue between them. 

# 

Alyss entered first. The whole way up, she and Darius went on about what a douche Professor Hall was. 

"I got them on my laptop," she said as Darius closed the door to her small bedroom. He watched her go to her dresser, atop which sat her computer. Behind it a large mirror gave Alyss a place to groom herself. 

"I should do the same, you know," Darius added. "Maybe that's why I'm glad I know you. Without you, I'd be lost sometimes." 

Alyss let out a chuckle as she began powering up her laptop. She then looked into the mirror. There she noted how Darius' eyes appeared planted on her behind. His compliment and the fact he was checking her out caused her heart to beat a bit faster. Once again, she reached down and straightened out her bikini. This time she deliberately moved her fingers a bit slower along the hem of the panty-like bottom, all the while watching Darius smile and never once taking his eyes off her. 

He's checking me out! He's checking me out! she thought, attempting to hide her giddiness. 

He was, glancing at her backside, eyeing her index fingers move along her perfect ass. The pink bikini bottom hugged her hips and butt to near perfection. 

Done giving Darius a playful display, she needed her hands to tap away on the laptop. 

"You know," Darius said, stepping up behind her, "I'm surprised you don't have a boyfriend." 

His question caught her off guard. She drew in a breath, seeing Darius approach her in the mirror. Noting the mild shock on her face, she put on a smile. 

"Why... why would you say that?" 

Darius looked at her reflection and smiled. "Well, you're smart. Like I said, I'd be lost without your notes. And you are great looking. I mean..." He got right behind Alyss. "This is the first time I've seen you this way, and have 'ta say..." 

Alyss hung onto his every word. Their eyes meet the others in the mirror. Her body responded by tensing up, awaiting his next verbal compliment, his dark eyes mesmerizing her. 

"Say... say what?" she finally asked. Her desire to hear his opinion of her body became too great. 

He did not speak. He just placed his hands on her arms, giving them a gentle squeeze. 

Alyss took in a quick breath, his touch sending a sudden rush through her. She then froze as his hands moved up and down. Goose bumps flooded over her skin. The muscles within her sweetness clenched themselves together. The wetness they produced added to the thrumming within her hips. 

"Da... Darius," she feebly sputtered out. Thoughts raced through her mind. 

Are we... we going... to do... IT! 

With one hand he moved her long hair to the side, exposing her neck. He then leaned in and kissed her neck. 

Nearly petrified, she stood there with his warm, wet lips upon her skin. The small computer in front of her all but forgotten. 

Darius looked back up. "If you don't like this, just tell me to stop." 

Wide eyed, Alyss stared back at his reflection. A flood of emotions ripped through her. Hesitation, anticipation and supplication mixed with each other. 

"I... I...," she said, a smile slowly coming to her lips. 

Darius turned her around. There, face to face, he moved in and kissed her on the lips. His mouth softly pressed against hers. 

She didn't resist. His kiss sent another quiver through her. Although her virginity was long gone, that first time feeling came roaring back, as though it was Darius about to take away her innocence and deflower her. 

Drawing back they gazed at each other. Darius noticed a bit of shock within her star struck eyes. He smiled. 

"Do you want me to stop?" he then asked. "I mean, if you don't like this—" 

"No!" Alyss all but shouted. "I mean... I like it. You. God I do! I just mean..." She put one hand on his hip, the other upon his chest, gently massaging it. "I didn't think... you were..." 

"Into you," Darius said. "Why wouldn't I be? Your hot, smart and I figured the way I catch you looking at me that you... want to hook up. I thought it 'bout time to find out if you into me." 

Alyss drew in a quick breath, her racing heart needing the added oxygen. The sense of anticipation and desire almost overwhelmed her. The tingly, achy feeling between her legs became a torrent. The one young man whom she could not but keep from wanting was now here, kissing her, coming onto her. 

He leaned in again and kissed her. This time it was no press of the lips. He reached around and drew her in, pressing lips and chest against hers. 

Alyss lost all inhibitions and doubts. It was here and now. Her body trembled as they embraced. The sensation of him pulling loose her bikini top sent yet another wave of desire through her. And again, she did not resist. 

She felt him draw back. Looking deeply into his eyes, she let him take off her top. He then glanced at her naked breast and smiled. 

"I always knew you had nice ones," he said, looking back up at her. He then cupped each with his hands, leaning in and kissing her again. 

Alyss put her hands over his, pressing them harder onto her perky, erect nipples. His kiss was yet again a deep one, thrilling her even more as she moved her hands around his back. He did the same, his hands sweeping over her goose bump covered skin. Pressing together, she felt his bulge against her mound. An acute ache of desire soared through her. She lifted up her leg, wrapping it around him as they stood there. Kissing him with zeal, she began grinding her crotch against his. 

With a sudden swish, Alyss felt Darius lift her up ever so slightly, then turn her back towards the bed. Almost straddling him their lips never parted as he took a step forward,. By now the shy, youthful yearning for him had now become a scalding desire, leaving her devoid of all other emotions. 

Darius laid her onto the bed. Still embracing, he dug his crotch between her legs, both of which now wrapped against the still wet shorts covering his hips. Needing air to continue his carnal assault, Darius propped himself up over her. Her beaming smile and wide, desirable eyes looked back up at him. 

She found no words to say as the puffs of his warm breath moved over her face. The smell the chlorine from the pool covered him. Alyss took in the clean, crisp odor with each breath, along with his dark eyes. 

Both continued to breathe heavily as they grinded each other. Mid pluse, a thought suddenly hit Alyss. She drew in a deep breath. 

"Do you have... have... protection?" she asked between her panting. 

Darius slowed his pelvic motions. 

"Was hoping you did," he said with a continued smile. 

"Yes! Yes!" Alyss spouted with joy, unwrapping her legs. "I mean..." A bit of shame came over her, realizing after the fact it might make her sound easy. "I keep some... you know... just in case—" 

Darius leaned in and kissed her. An explanation was unnecessary. Again she wrapped his warm body in her arms. 

Releasing his lip lock, she felt Darius move down her body. She watched him as he knelt on the floor next to the bed, his body positioned between her legs. Propping herself up on her elbows, she watched him reach for the strings holding her bikini bottom on. With a strand of pink lace in each hand, he pulled them outward. Once loose, he placed his hands on her stomach. 

Alyss arched her back and gasped. The sensation of his hands and sight of Darius removing her bikini bottom causing both. But her eyes remained fixed on him. The look on his face as her smooth, bare lips came into view alone gave her that extra vibe of pleasure. He then looked up at her and smiled. 

"Always knew you had a nice pussy too," he said, then leaned forward and licked her lips from bottom to top. 

Alyss drew in a breath as her head shot back, her spine arching more as his tongue then fondled her engorged lips. His dirty words and his moist touch nearly brought her to orgasm right then and there as her deep, echoing moan filled the room. 

With the ripple of her near climax still assaulting her, she looked back down at him. 

"Oh fuck!" she spat out, watching Darius lick her again. 

He looked up at her, noting the excited, yet fearful look on her face. 

"What's wrong?" he asked. "Never been eaten out?" 

Alyss cringed and smiled, speaking between breaths of bliss. "Ah... yeah... but... you... you're doing it so... good." 

Not wanting to look like a complete virgin, she lied. She'd been laid, but no man had ever partaken of her Y till now. The first time she ever felt the tongue of a man dance around her young cleft then enter her. She got wetter with each passing moment. Having long fantasized about it only heightened the feelings pulsing through her. Adding to the thrill, it was Darius doing it. 

As he dove back in, she leaned back, a wave of pleasure shooting up her spine. She raised her hips slightly, pushing her dampened, swollen lips into his face, wiggling them back and forth as his mouth did the same. 

Alyss spat out a grunting moan with each twist of his mouth. The feel of her warm juice running down and back along her naked butt only added to her aroused body. 

The sudden end to his own moist lips moving away caused Alyss to glance back down. She saw Darius stand. Still smiling at her, he removed his swimsuit. 

Alyss watched as his shorts came off, his one leg kicking them to the side. His cock now fully in view. She looked at it, enthralled by it, unable to avert her eyes. He then moved onto the bed, towards the headboard. All the while she remained fixated on his half erect manhood, an unexplainable, almost animalistic desire for it consumed her. The knowledge he would soon be hers only increased the fervor she felt. 

Darius situated himself on the bed as Alyss sat up on her knees and drew next to him. He leaned back onto one of the pillows, watching as she put one hand on his chest, the other on his stomach. She began caressing both. 

Alyss took her eyes off his package and peered into his happy eyes. Now flat on his back, he held her hand upon his chest with one of his, the other on the back of his head. She returned her attention back to his young, virile tool. Without hesitation, she wrapped her hand around it and slowly began stroking the firming flesh. 

He let out a slight moan. But Alyss did not look at his face. Her attention remained fixed on her hand and its contents as she continued to pump it ever so gently. The smooth head atop the shaft grew bigger with each stroke. So too did the rest of his tool, expanding within her hand, increasing the measure of each vertical caress. Her body reacted, a thirst for more pleasure growing as his erection did. 

"Suck it if you want," she heard Darius say in a low voice. "I bet you give great blow jobs." 

With such a compliment, Alyss turned and gave him a smile. Moving back slightly, she scooted towards his hips, momentarily releasing her hold upon him. In position over his crotch, she pulled her hair back around her head, wanting Darius to see the upcoming action. With her other hand, she again took hold of him. She leaned in, staring at his swollen, slightly purple head. Moistening her mouth, she gave Darius one more look and innocent smile. 

Turning back, Alyss dipped her head onto him. His warmth slowly filled her mouth. Not wanting Darius to know she was no expert at giving oral, she took it slow, attempting to please him in every way, letting her lips run over his flesh. With a bobbing motion of her head, she went up and down halfway, pausing now and then to caress its crown. She moved the tip of her tongue as to dance around the rim the head. 

With the full extent of his arousal within her mouth and hand helping pump it, she made a slight, slurping sound with each jounce. She then felt his hand on her butt. The sensation caused her to moan through her cock filled mouth. Then, as he inserted two fingers into her, her body buckled, sending her head all the way down. She expelled another moan. This one deeper, complimenting the thrill his fingers rendered within her. 

His fingers moved in and out of her wet slit as she went further down onto his shaft with each dive. Soon his warm, swollen head hit the back of her mouth. Not wanting to gag, she slowed a bit, letting his tip ever so gently caress the top of her throat before raising her head. She never let him out of her mouth. 

Within moments the taste of his salt tinged precum tingled her throat. This meant one thing. 

Leaning back up, she looked at Darius, flicking the errant strands of hair over her face to the side. His fingers continued to work her lips. She continued to pumping him, wiggling her hips. Staring at him, her mouth hung slightly open, shooting out staccato breaths that matched the beat of her racing heart. Darius smiled. 

"Wana fuck now?" he asked. 

That sent Alyss' mouth, eyes and body ablaze. His question nearly as orgasmic as the act itself. 

She shot up and over his legs. Moving towards the dresser, Darius watched her naked body all the way. 

Retrieving a condom from a small, silk bag she kept in the top drawer, Alyss turned and gave him another smile. Warm fluid flowed noticeably down her leg. Now with protection in hand, she jaunted back, bounding onto the bed and straddling his legs. There, in giddy anticipation, she tried opening the package to place its contents onto his. 

Darius watched her fumble away. He then propped himself up upon his elbows. 

"Here," he said, reaching for the small packet. "Let me." 

She let him take it. He laid back down, opening the wrapper and pulling out the light colored condom. As he did so, she again took him in hand and pumped, making sure his girth did not subside during the interlude. Each passing second seemed an eternity. To continue her flow, she pressed her throbbing crotch over one of his legs and rotated her hips upon it. Her sense of anticipation grew with each second as he placed the protective cover on. Once donned, Darius reached down and took hold of her thighs, pulling her towards. 

Alyss needed no encouragement. She raised herself up and positioned her hole over his awaiting pole. Taking it with one hand, she slowly squatted, guiding him into her. Not wanting to rush, she only allowed the head in. Pausing for a moment, she let the thrill of that first entry sprint through her. She held her breath and closed her eyes. Moving down, she let him all in. 
