 I sit nervously waiting for you to walk through the doors. We have talked often over the last few weeks and the chemistry between was almost uncontrollable. We finally agreed to meet for the first time and my passion was all ready overwhelming.

I see you walk through the front door. Your picture does not even come close to the beauty that is now before me. Your blonde hair cascades over you bare shoulders. Your petite body moves effortlessly as you approach me and your eyes sparkle in the dim light. 

I stand from our booth and greet you with a warm smile and a kiss on the cheek. I take your hand sit you down on the smooth leather bench. As I move to sit across from you, catch my attention and ask me to sit down next to you.

The next hour seems like an eternity. We talk and drink and talk and laugh. Our bodies moving closer with each passing moment and I can feel the heat stirring within. I can't control my passion anymore and I move my hand to your bare legs. A smile comes to your face as our chemistry touches. We could of been anywhere in the world and I would of not noticed what was around us.

Our sweet conversation all the sudden changes as I touch your tone legs. You lean to me and kiss me on the cheek. Then whisper in my ear, "Don't be a good boy any longer. I am yours to enjoy". A mischievous smile comes to my face and my hand moves up between your legs. I feel the heat from your bare thighs and find that your thong was left at home. I can feel your swollen lips slightly parted in anticipation of what will happen next. 

I dip my finger between your lips to find you dripping wet. I run my finger up between your lips and bring my soaking finger to your lips. You moan as you lick my finger clean. Your nipples are clearly visible through your fitted dress as my mouth waters thinking about feeling them grow harder in my mouth.

As I slide my finger back between your swollen lips and I tell you to go the ladies bathroom and wait for me in the last stall with your dress off and only your heels on. You start to speak and I stop you. Without saying a word I help you out of the booth and point you towards the bathrooms.

As I see you disappear through the doors, my mind begins to race. I am not sure I can even get up from the table without everyone seeing how hard you have made me. It surely will be obvious to anyone that I might pass by.

I wait for a good 5 minutes before I head towards that back. I know the anticipation will be making you crazy and I want you to be almost at the point of ecstasy before I even arrive. I open the ladies room door and entire. A beautiful woman at the mirror gasps and asks if I know where I am. I give her a quick smile and keep on going. I push open the last door to find you as I asked.

Your body is one to devour. Your petite figure is full of curves in all the right places. I close the door and pull you to me. We begin to kiss and the passion explodes between us. I can hear you moaning as our tongues dance together. My hands move to your erect nipples and I begin to squeeze and roll them in my fingers. I feel your knees buckle in response to the pleasure.

Your hands open my slacks and remove my fully engorged cock. Your touch sends shivers through my body. How can I be so hot and have shivers at the same time?

You step back from me and smile slightly. You slowly turn before me letting me enjoy your sensual body. Then you lean over and place one hand on the wall. You look back over your shoulder and use your free hand to spread your tight ass. "Don't make me wait any longer," you moan.

I step between your perfect legs and run the head of my cock up and down your soaking wet pussy. Making sure that my engorged head rubs your sensitive clit. You spread your legs further and push back against me. My cock slowly fills your smooth, tight hole. I move deeper and deeper with each thrust as you push back against me till I am completely lost in you. I grab you by your hips and begin to move within you. Slowly at first, but each thrust becomes more urgent. Our bodies move harder and harder against each other. I can hear my balls slapping against your clit as the pace increases more and more. My right hand moves to your hair and I pull firmly as we thrust even harder against each other. 

I know that I am not going to make it much longer at this pace. I can feel your juices running down my legs and balls. Your body is so tight and hot against me. I think I can hear you moaning, but I am lost in the ecstasy of the moment. I thrust harder and faster into you and can feel my balls begin tighten. I pull you back harder against me. Suddenly I feel your body begin to shake and your juices squirting onto me with each thrust. I start to come immediately as you shake uncontrollably. I can feel you pussy squeeze each drop of come from cock. 

As we return to the real world, we notice in our rush that the bathroom door was open and a few ladies have enjoyed our show. 

I don't think we will be eating here anytime soon.