 Every Sunday without fail Jess went to church as well as confession on Wednesday. Jess is not what I would call a overly religious person but does believe in the spirituals of God. She feels that by being a good person with a good heart you are just as apt to go to heaven at the ones who preach on the streets of San Francisco. The church that Jess attends is small and on the out skirts of the big city. This is fine for her since she really is not into big crowds. What Jess likes most about this church is that she can come and go without feeling the pressure of having to approach or speak to anyone if she doesn't want to. 

Now up until 4 months ago that had been how Jess was, until her mother became ill and suddenly passed away. Leaving her totally alone as she had no siblings. Jess was distraught at the loss of her mother and having no where to turn she turned to the church. Or should I say to father Montgomery. 

Father Montgomery was a man in his early 40's and had been parishing at this church for the last year and a half. Father Montgomery had felt the calling in his mid twenties and had since been faithful in his beliefs. 

Every Sunday he looks forward to seeing Jess in his audience. Thinking back to when he had first seen and met Jess. He thinks of other things but has never, never admitted even to himself how he feels or what he feels for her. 

Sitting in his office now he thinks back to that first time of seeing her, his eyes in a far and distant time. He was in his office doing paperwork when there was a knock on the door. He looked up and saw this petite woman standing there looking like she was about to cry. He told her to come in and have a seat. As she sat he could tell she was nervous as she was fiddling with the straps of her purse. 

"Hi, I am Father Montgomery" he stated.

"Yes, I know. My name is Jessica, but everyone calls me Jess."

After a long pause and realizing she was at a loss of words he finally asked, "What can I do for you".

"Well father Montgomery my mother is in the hospital and it doesn't look good and I was just well I just needed someone.......... As the tears started pouring out she couldn't finish her sentence.. He came around to the other side of the desk with a box of tissue handing it to her. He sat on the corner of the desk and waited for her to regain composure. After a few minutes he told her he was very sorry to hear about her mother. And asked how long she had..

"Anytime now. They said she had been ill for awhile but didn't want me to know."

As Jess relayed all the events of the last few weeks concerning her mother she cried many times having to stop to regain composure. He sat there patiently listening and watching. Feeling that this woman needed to get this off of her chest. When she had finished, both he and she knew there was nothing he could do but it had lifted a great weight off of her just to be able to talk to someone about it. She thanked him for listening to her and had stood up to leave. As she was leaving he stood up too and she hugged him, again thanking him for just listening to her. He told her any time he would be glad to listen to her. 

After Jess left his office the aroma of her perfume still hung in the air. It was sweet but not overpowering. He liked the smell of her perfume. Suddenly surprised by his thoughts and the direction in which they were heading he left the office and went outside to get some fresh air.

The next Sunday during his sermon he noticed she was in the back row. Jess had on a solid dark blue dress that buttoned all the way down the front. Her light blonde hair was up in a bun in the back as it had been on the day she had come into his office. After the service he approached her and asked how both she and her mother were holding up. As well as can be expected came her reply. For a long moment nothing was said and then he said "Well if you need to talk or anything feel free to come by or call at anytime".

"Thank you father I will keep that in mind".

Two days later as he was working in the balcony repairing a loose chair came a yell from down below....Father Montgomery!!

"Up here" came his reply.

Jess having ran up the stairs her chest was heaving from being out of breath....Her face he noticed was ashen white and he knew right away that her mother was gone. At first he didn't know what to...only because of the thoughts he had been having of her. Finally as Jess broke down in tears...covering her face in her hands did he respond to her. As he approached her he encircled her with his arms. As Jess felt his strength in his embrace her legs gave out and he was literally holding her up. For a long time father Montgomery just stood there holding her letting her cry. Her hair piece fell out and her hair fell down to the middle of her back. 

Without realizing it at first he had moved his hand and was running it down the length of her hair much as you would do a child who is crying. Her hair was soft and smelled good. He realized he was very aroused by this woman. Here she is in tears and he was aroused by her..

As Father Montgomery ran his hand through her hair suddenly something else started to happen to her. Her arms were around his neck and her face buried there. It wasn't until he had touched her hair that she stopped crying feeling a need deep inside her. She sensed he felt it too because midway down her back he stopped caressing her.

Jess moved back slightly, just enough to look at him in the face. Her arms still around him and his still around her. As there eyes met they both saw a raw desire, a need. 

Without really realizing it he was bending down toward her and kissed her on the mouth. Lightly at first. But when she responded back his kiss deepened. His tongue opening hers to take it deep into her mouth searching for her tongue. Jess's response was just as forward. Both their hands moving up and down the others back pulling each other closer. 

Montgomery's mind was spinning. He knew he shouldn't be doing this but he couldn't help it...it had just happened and it was too late to turn back now...his need having been held back for so many years would not allow him to stop...He knew he would suffer the price later but for now all he could think about was his need and how good it felt to finally feel alive again after so long a time of being dormant. 

Jess too knew this was not right but her feelings of longing and need of comforting were too much for her to bear.

As she felt his hard penis up against her she moved her hands down to his butt to push him in towards her even harder. He moaned out loud his mind gone from where he was...thinking only of wanting to feel her skin with his hands. As he brought his hand around moving up to her breasts feeling them. He wanted to feel her skin and so started to unbutton her shirt revealing a peach coloured tee. Her nipples were erect as he could see the buds trying to poke through the silk tee. Before he could think his mouth was down on them fist on breast and then the other. Using his hand to lift them up towards the top of the tee so his mouth and tongue could suckle on them. Moving his hands down to her jeans he unfastened them sliding his hand down inside cupping her butt bringing her in towards him. His tongue gently gliding up to her neck stopping at the nap to suck and kiss her there...sending shivers through her body.

Jess was lost, her mind gone now. She frantically played at undoing his black trousers and shirt. As she finally had him open her hands ran across his chest feeling the tiny hairs there. She brought her mouth down to his chest sucking on his nipples, rolling her tongue over them making them hard.

Finally not being able to take the clothing being in the way any longer they both stopped and finished taking the rest of their clothing off. As he saw her body he marveled at how beautiful she looked. Her skin a creamy white. Very soft he thought as he ran his hand gently over her body. Jess allowed his long gaze to run up and down her body as she needed to feel this sense of beauty right now. She knew he liked what he saw. As he was looking at her she too was looking at his body. He was much better built than he had looked in his clothing. And he was sized very nicely. 

Jess went to her knees and placed her hands on his hard penis. At first just touching it lightly then started to move them up and down his shaft.

Montgomery had to fight to control cumming so soon. He had forgotten how good it felt to be touched there by such delicate soft hands. As she brought her hand down in between his legs he moaned. Her hand feeling his balls and gently gliding over them. Moving her mouth down to his penis she took him in. Within three strokes of her mouth he had cum not being able to control it. His hand went to the top of her head holding it, entwining his fingers in her hair.. as he cried out in ecstasy...it seemed forever before the cum stopped shooting out of his penis..

Jess pulling him in as deep as she could take him drank in all of his cum. Moving her tongue all around the tip now to keep his orgasm coming moving her hands to the his butt pushing him in towards her.

Finally when he could cum no more he backed away from her just far enough for his penis to escape her mouth. He then bent down on his knees and kissed her forcedly driving his tongue in deep and hard into hers moving her back onto the floor as he kissed her. Tasting his cum in her mouth. Moving back he spread her legs apart and moved his head down to her vagina. He could smell her need before he even tasted her. She tasted sweet. As his tongue lightly moved up and down her vagina his fingers played at the opening. Sliding one finger in and out as she became wetter and wetter. 

As Jess's pleasure grew deep inside her she started to respond more and more. Moving her body in towards his mouth bringing her butt up off the floor. Bringing his hands down to cup her butt he dug his face farther into her vagina making her moan loudly. As he quickened the pace of both his tongue playing with her clit and his finger moving in and out of her vagina. Not being able to take it much more Jess came. Her body shaking from the orgasm.

As her orgasm subsided Montgomery again went to her mouth filling her with his tongue. Allowing her to taste her cum on his tongue. Running her hands through his hair bringing his mouth in harder her tongue went into his as deep as his was in her mouth.

Again he was hard from the pleasure of feeling her wetness on his penis. As he moved slightly away from her holding his penis in his hand to guide it into her. 

Slowly spreading her legs as far apart as she could allowing him all access to her she watched as he slide his penis inside her. Both letting out moans as he was entering into her wet, warm being. She was fairly tight around his penis so it was good that she was already so wet. As he slowly moved in and out of her body began to respond to his movements. With each thrust he was met with hers just as strong and intense. 

Jess wrapped her legs around his lower back to keep him in close and deep. Bringing her butt up off the floor completely to meet his thrust. Her hands which were gently moving up and down his back moved to his head to run her fingers through his hair.

Montgomery had his hands and upper arms underneath of her upper back using his fingers and hands to hold her shoulders as he thrust his body towards hers. Kissing her on the mouth and neck. As the climax was nearing he pulled out of her and brought her legs up over his shoulders so that he could now thrust very deeply into her vagina. He knew it was going to be close as far as her cumming first but finally she orgasmed. Crying out in ecstasy and her body shuddering from the powerful orgasm. Feeling her muscles inside her pulling at his penis almost sucking him inside.

As her spasms subsided against his penis and not being able to hold back any longer he withdrew his penis from inside her and came onto her stomach. Using his hand to push his orgasm to it fullest and most powerful release. His body too was shivering from the orgasm.

As their bodies now not feeling the urgency as it did at the start relaxed he watched as she took one of her fingers and slide his cum onto it and placed it into her mouth. Just watching that made his penis twitch for more. 

He leaned down towards her and kissed her again on the mouth but this kiss was much slower and more sensual than before. As he cupped her face with his hand. He slowly probed her mouth with his tongue. 

He slowly moved to the side of her laying next to her. Gently touching her body with his fingers. Jess lay perfectly still closing her eyes. She moved her hand over placing it on top of his and bringing his hand to her mouth to kiss the inner palm. 

Moving onto her side she placed his hand over her breast and cried. Montgomery just lay next to her caressing her with his hand letting her express herself. After a long while after she stopped crying he helped her to dress then dressed himself. Neither spoke a word to each other...what was there to say??.

Father Montgomery walked her home. 

That Friday after the service for her mother they embraced each other briefly. Family members taking it to mean great comfort for her but only they knew of their afternoon up at the church and what really lie beneath their touch. 

Every Sunday Father Montgomery looks forward to seeing Jess at his service...