 Ann had invited me to spend the weekend at her house, as I turned into the driveway I was surprised to see the driveway stretching into the distance with no house in sight. I finally arrived but it's name, The Manor House, did not do it justice, it was a small palace. I knew she was a titled lady but this was something else. I parked the car and walked up the steps to the entrance doors, I was still looking for the bell push when it opened and I was greeted by a young woman wearing a white blouse and black skirt, obviously a servant. She took my suitcase, guided me to the library, and explained that my hosts would be along shortly. 

I was scanning the bookshelves when I heard the door open, turning round I saw Ann enter the room pushing a wheelchair which she guided to the desk in the centre of the room. As I joined her she introduced me to her husband before leaving to organise some afternoon drinks. Her husband and I chatted for several minutes before he asked me to push him to the door, as I opened the door another attractive woman in a nurses uniform stepped forward and took the wheelchair. 

"Ann has chosen well, I look forward to seeing you later."

With that the nurse wheeled him away. Ann re-appeared, now wearing a see-through blouse with no bra, and we returned to the library. Immediately the door closed we embraced and kissed passionately, our tongues invading the depths of each others mouth. A knock on the door, we separated as the maid entered with a tray of drinks which she placed on a low table between two armchairs.

(Perhaps I should explain the situation, Ann's husband had been injured in a car crash and was now a paraplegic. Although he had tried to satisfy her desires with his tongue he had realised that she needed a cock. They had agreed she could have a lover provided her choice met with his approval. The conversation we'd just had was a job interview in all but name and I had passed.)

Her state of arousal was plain to see, erect nipples and pink blotches on her neck were plainly evident. As we drank we devoured each other with our eyes, my state of arousal was also obvious by the bulge in my trousers. Sensuously she moved on her chair, her skirt rode up, her legs slightly parted. My eyes were drawn like a magnet to the tops of her legs, I was not disappointed. Slowly she spread her legs to display her pussy - it was hairless - her slit was already moist.

"Do you like it, I shaved it specially for you."

"It's beautiful."

She stood. A look of disappointment must have crossed my face.

"Don't worry, it wont be too long but first I must show you around."

We walked out into the grounds and went to the stables, after checking as we entered that we were alone she leant forward, parted her legs and placed her hands against the wall.

"Fuck my arse."

Immediately I set to work, my trousers undone, my cock stood to attention as it was released. With her skirt pushed up her firm round arse was revealed in all its glory. My cock instinctively found her moist slit, without pausing it slid up her cunt, lubrication being the aim. As it hit the top of her tube she sighed and shuddered.

My hands were now on her arse cheeks which I pulled apart to expose her arsehole in all its glory. Withdrawing from her cunt I quickly bent down and dribbled saliva onto her arsehole - the more lubrication the better. I remembered that the first time she had been taken up the arse had been painful which had put her off for years but I sensed that now she wanted to be arse fucked roughly. My cock found her arsehole, pushing firmly, the head opened the muscle and slid in. I was surprised how relaxed she was and how easily my cock entered. As she felt the head slip in she pushed against the wall and forced her arse onto my cock until her arse cheeks met my body, reluctantly she moved forward to let my cock slip out before pushing back again. If she wanted to do the work it was OK by me so I just stood my ground and let her ride my cock. Her movements got faster, her breathing grew rapid, now it was time, I slipped my arms around her body, one hand pinched an erect nipple, the other pinched her clit. The reaction was unbelievable, her body shook and her screams were deafening, finally she collapsed against the wall as she slid off my cock.

I stood back and waited for her to regain her composure. Slowly she stood and faced me, tears running down her cheeks. We embraced and kissed, my hard cock pressed between us, finally we parted and I pulled up my trousers.

"This could be embarrassing."

I wasn't sure what she meant until I looked up and saw her skirt and blouse, they were stained with precum, saliva, and cunt juices from my cock.

"It's a good job I didn't cum otherwise it would be worse."

"You didn't cum?"

"You came before I was ready."

"Sorry."

From the tone in her voice I knew she meant it.

"Don't worry, my turn will come. I can't cum as often as you anyway."

We left the stable and continued walking till we reached the lake, the house no longer in sight. 

"I'm going for a swim."

With that she took off her blouse and skirt and dived into the lake.

"Come on, it's not cold."

I stripped off and dived in. It was freezing. She was laughing.

"Cuddle me."

We embraced again, her arms around my neck, mine around her waist, despite the cold my cock grew hard again and slipped between her legs to nestle between her cunt lips. She squeezed her thighs together before lifting her legs to grip me round the waist, my hands slid down to hold her arse cheeks as I gently lowered her onto my rampant cock. It reached the top of her tube, I stopped lowering.

"Don't stop, I want it all in me."

I let gravity take her right down until her clit was pushed hard against my pubic bone, she gasped, was it pain or pleasure? We got into a rhythm, I lifted her a couple of inches, her weight took her down. Up. Down. Each time as her clit hit my body and my cock stretched the top of her tube she gasped.

"Faster."

I speeded up. She wanted more.

"Faster."

Two strokes later she screamed and arched her back, I couldn't hold her, as we separated we sank beneath the surface. Again I hadn't cum but this time I'd been very near and I wasn't to be denied. She understood that it was now her turn to satisfy me.

After climbing onto the bank she lay face downwards, her legs wide apart inviting me to take her. I knelt between them, she looked round and nodded. Laying on her back my hard cock again found her slit and slipped into her cunt. Long, slow, deep thrusts, with each thrust she raised her buttocks to meet my body. With each thrust I felt my cock getting more and more slippery as her juices flowed freely, soon my balls were also wet. While I thrust she fingered her clit. I was getting near, my breath shortened, my cock started twitching. She knew how near I was.

"Fill my cunt with cum."

I needed no second bidding. With a final deep thrust I shot my load, four more thrusts each producing a spurt of cum then I was spent. She had also climaxed but less violently this time. I lay on top of her until my cock grew limp and finally slipped out of her wet, sticky cunt. We lay on the grass for a few minutes until dry, then dressed and walked back to the house, no words needed to be said. As we neared the house she broke the silence. 

"You certainly shoot a big load of cum. I can feel it trickling down my legs."

I offered her my handkerchief. She took it, went to wipe herself but stopped.

"No. Why should I, if people see it so what."

It was almost as if she wanted to be seen, for everybody to know she had been well fucked. She gave it back and we continued to the house. It was obvious to any onlooker what we had been up to. As we walked up the steps I looked up and saw her husband on the balcony looking at us.

(To be continued)