 The sun shone, the birds flew, the ducks swam, and the wind whistled gently though the trees, as we strolled around the little lake hand in hand. Our conversation ebbs and flows as we discuss the week we have just had. We stop at a bench, and sit down close to each other, our thighs pressed together. My arm goes round your shoulder, and you lean into my body, snuggling closer.

We sit quietly for a few minutes, content in our closeness.

I look at you, your golden hair framing your face, accentuating the lovely blue/grey colour of your sparkling eyes. Your red, lipstick covered, lips parting slightly, as you breathe slowly. I lean forward, and crush my lips to yours, feeling a rush of love as we kiss long and deep. I break off the kiss, and see your eyes open wide in desire, your lips parted wider, and your breathing becoming more pronounced. You lean up and kiss me, your arms reaching round me, pulling us closer together, our tongues duelling. The kiss continues for what seems like hours, our hands beginning to explore each other. We stop kissing and stare deep into each others eyes, seeing lust and need mirrored there.

We stand up, and arms around each other continue our stroll. Moving away from the lake we enter the wooded area of the park, and the quiet and solitude covers us like a blanket. The noise of the children, adults, traffic and animals diminishes, and finally disappears totally. We are alone in the world, or so it would appear. We stare at each other, and kiss again. My hands slide down your back, and grip your bum, and pull you tight to me. Our kisses become more urgent, and our bodies begin to rub against each other harder, our lust beginning to take over. All rational thought begins to fly from our heads, and our lust becomes the driving force behind our actions. We stop kissing, both of us breathing hard, and, moving off the path, make our way into the privacy of the woods.

I lead, and you follow, our hands still clasping each other. I turn round, and I can no longer see the path. We are now shielded from view by the bushes and the trees. In a frenzy of total lust we quickly pull each other’s clothing off, and stand there, naked. I look at you, and my eyes caress your body, moving from head to foot, passing over your breasts, lingering on your hardening nipples, and continuing downward. Over your flat stomach, to the neat triangle of golden hair that covers your mound. My cock, already standing to attention, gives a jerk as you move slowly toward me, your eyes fixed on my large member.

Your hand reaches out and, slowly, carefully grips my hard penis. I slip my arms round you, and pull you close, your hand trapped between us, feeling your hard nipples pressing against my hairy chest. I sigh in pleasure as you begin to slowly wank me. I press my lips to yours, as my hands begin to slowly knead your perfect ass. You moan into my mouth as I caress you, sliding my fingers between the cheeks of your bum, rubbing gently at the puckered opening. I then move my fingers down between your legs, felling the dampness there, from your excitement. Our tongues hungry for each other continue their fight as my fingers continue their gentle probing.

You spread your legs a little, our bodies still pressed hard together, your breasts crushed against my chest, your nipples poking into me, the sensation sending trickles of pleasure to my engorged cock. My fingers slip between your moistened outer lips, sliding in the silky softness of your juices. I can smell your arousal, and my cock twitches in your hand as I become even more turned on than I thought possible.

I break off the kiss, and push you gently to the soft ground, following you down. You lie on your back, with me next to you, you have not relinquished your hold on my cock, continuing to slowly stroke it. Your hand and my cock are getting wet from the oozing pre-cum. You smile up at me, as I lean forward, and begin to kiss you neck, your ears, and then slowly still kissing, I move downwards. I reach your breasts, and circle each one, planting kisses on every inch of the surface, avoiding your sensitive nipples, until each of your fantastically gorgeous breasts is shining with my saliva. I then lean forward, and take a nipple slowly into my mouth. As I fully encase it, you moan, and release my cock. I lick and suck your nipple, and then releasing the first one, take the second into my mouth and suck it gently. Your body arches as I flick my tongue over your hard nipple, and you moan as you have a mini orgasm.

I continue licking and sucking your beautiful tits as I slip my hand down your body, over your heaving and sweat slick stomach, until my fingers are sliding through your pubic hair. I lightly graze my fingers over your pubic mound, and you moan and spread your legs wider as I slide my hand further down, cupping the whole of your groin. I begin to run my fingers over the outer lips of your pussy, and slipping my middle finger inside occasionally. Your hips begin to react, and I slowly open you wider and slide my fingers the whole length of your slit. You shudder as my fingers touch your clit for the first time. I groan into your breast as I feel the heat emanating from your pussy, and increase the speed of my fingers.

My fingers stroke your clit, gently and then more firmly. I pull my mouth from your breast, and continuing to stroke your clit look at you. Your eyes are close, your lips are parted, your tongue poking out slightly, and your breathing is loud as you give in to the pleasure that my fingers are creating. I smile, and lowering my head, I begin to lick and suck on your clit, moving my fingers, and slipping one into your gaping pussy. You moan loudly as my finger penetrates you, and grabbing my head, push my mouth onto your clit harder.

“Make me cum.” You gasp, “Lick my clit. Aaahhhh. That’s it just like that, stick your finger in hard.”

I slip my finger in as deep as I can, slowly moving it in tiny circular motions, feeling your velvety skin grip and release as I do. I pull my finger out, and slip a different one in, and then add the original. Your hips buck upwards, my fingers penetrate deeply, as I struggle to keep my tongue working on your clit. I begin to fuck your pussy hard with the two fingers, and then remove then and slip my thumb in, you moan in pleasure as I slip my thumb as deep into your waiting pussy as I can. My pussy slick fingers gently rub your arse crack, slowly caressing your anus. I slip one finger gently into you, my thumb still busy in your sopping pussy. My finger slides in past the first knuckle, past the second, until it is fully embedded. I press my thumb and finger together, and slowly begin to move them in and out. As I slide them back in, your body goes rigid, and a little yelp comes form your throat as your body is gripped in orgasm. I feel your pussy get wetter, and move my finger and thumb quicker, beginning to alternate them.

As you get your breath back, I continue to lick your clit, very gently, and then move down so that I can taste the juices that your orgasm have produced. I lick and suck, sliding my tongue into you with my thumb, tasting your sweetness, my chin pressing on your clit. You squirm underneath me.

“I need you to fuck me.” You mutter, “I need it now, get your cock in me, I need to feel it.”

I raise my head and smile, “Your wish is my command” I say, my lips and chin covered in your juices.

I pull my finger and thumb from their holes, and move between your legs, sliding my hard cock between your sopping pussy lips, coating it in your glowing juices. I position my cock at the entrance to your pussy, and slide in, feeling the warmth of your pussy engulf me as I slide the whole length slowly in. I gasp in ecstasy as our pubic hair mingles, and my cock is finally fully embedded in you, my cock head nestling hard against your cervix. You shudder at the intimate contact, and I feel your legs trembling in anticipation. I lean forward, and kiss you as I begin to slide my cock in and out of your willing pussy.

I stroke slowly in and out, building the feeling slowly, knowing that when I cum it is going to be huge. I speed up the pace, and continue to kiss you, our tongues pushing against each other in time to our movements. Your body is responding, pushing against me as I slide into you, our groins rubbing hard together, trying to allow me deeper into you.

My hands slide down your body, over your hips, and gripping your legs lift them up. This changes the angle of penetration, and you groan into my mouth as my cock goes deeper with each stroke. I kneel up, and push your legs higher, pushing them together, and holding them over my right shoulder as I continue to push in and out. I pull out of you, and you instinctively know what I want, and roll over. You kneel, your arse pointing toward me, and spread your legs, allowing me a perfect view of your dripping, and wide, open pussy, and your reddened anus. I kneel behind you, and slide my cock back into you, achieving even deeper penetration than before. You scream as I begin to fuck you hard and fast.

Grabbing your hips, I pound into you. You push back against me each time I push in, and I can hear you grunting as my cock hammers into you. My breath comes in short gasps as I continue to fuck you harder and harder. You scream as you orgasm again, and I feel your pussy clamp down on my cock, making it so tight that with my next thrust inwards I feel my balls tighten, and my cock seems to expand to an unheard of size. I continue to pump in and out, and as the cum begins to spurt from the end of my cock, I pull out, and slip it between the cheeks of your arse, and watch as ribbons of spunk begin to coat your back, as my cock pumps my ejaculate out.

You lie there trembling as your orgasm subsides, I kneel behind you, my still erect cock nestled between the perfect globes of your arse. Your cum covered back glints as you breathe, the cum catching the light as you move.

I slide my hard cock back into your pussy, and begin to fuck you hard again, triggering an almost instant orgasm for you. Your body shakes and shudders under me as I continue to fuck you. I reach forward with my hands, and grasp a breast in each one, gently rubbing the nipples feeling them get harder as I continue to stroke them.

Your body has become one huge erogenous zone, and everywhere I touch you sets of little tremors, causing you to whimper at each touch.

“Oh fuck!” you mutter, “I don’t know how much more of this I can take. It’s fantastic, but just too much right now.”

“Don’t worry babe, I don’t think I can last much longer, and this time I’m going to cum in you.”

I grab your hips again, and once more begin to slam my cock in and out of your pussy. I gasp for breath as I feel that familiar tingle in my balls, sweat is streaming off my face, and dripping onto your back, mingling with the cum that I deposited earlier. 

“I gonna cum.” I splutter, “Oh man you are the best fuck ever, you love it don’t you?”

“Yes, yes, I do love it. Cum in me now do it.” You moan.

My cock seems to expand until it the only thing in the universe, and then it explodes. I push deep into you, and hold onto your hips hard as I feel my cock spurting deep inside you. It feels like all my insides have been liquefied and are pumping out of my cock into your hot, wet, pussy. I collapse on top of you, my weight pushing you down to the ground. Our bodies locked together, my cock still buried in your pussy. I begin to kiss your neck and whisper in your ear, as my cock begins to soften, and then slips out of you. You moan as it slides out.

I roll off you, and we cuddle, letting ourselves relax after our sex session. I look at you, smile, and kiss you.

“We’d better get dressed.” I say, “We can get home and carry on where we left off, after a nice shower of course.”

“I am looking forward to getting home already.” You whisper.

We kiss again, and standing up we don all our clothes. I help you get you top on, as it sticks on your back, you chuckle as we finish dressing and say, “Well it’s not what I was expecting from my walk in the park, but it certainly beats feeding the ducks.”

We walk back to the path and on out of the park, another day of duck feeding finished.