 Lydia's pussy had been aching all week. The phone sex with her husband, who was stationed in Korea, had been wonderful, but didn't quite take care of her need to have a nice hard cock inside her. She loved the feel of a real cock fucking her and shooting its hot cum into her while she looked deeply in her lover's eyes and saw the ecstasy there. 

Her roommate, Ron, whom she fucked on occasion, was gone for the long Labor Day weekend and she was not looking forward to four days alone. At least with Ron there she could look forward to having a cock inside her, but now it looked like her fingers and dildo would be the only things to satisfy her. 

Friday night found Lydia alone and chatting on the computer. She was talking with a guy she had met on the computer several months earlier and had recently begun innocently flirting with. Through the normal banter and occasional flirting she felt that familiar need starting to arise and her pussy started getting wet. She was getting so horny that her fingers instinctively began rubbing her pussy through her panties. 

Lydia told her friend about her need and how much she missed getting fucked regularly, especially by her husband, Jim. 

"Ku'uipo: Is there anything I can do to help?" 

"Lydia: How long would it take you to get to Texas? *WEG* " 

"Ku'uipo: I could be there tomorrow evening. *S*" 

"Lydia: Not soon enough. I need help right now!!!" 

"Ku'uipo: Are you sure you can't wait?" 

"Lydia: Are you kidding? I've already started!" 

"Ku'uipo: Started what???" 

"Lydia: Rubbing myself. I'm so wet right now!" 

"Ku'uipo: Are you naked?" 

"Lydia: No. I'm rubbing myself through my panties." 

Even though she had been doing some flirting with Ku'uipo in the past, Lydia had never even imagined taking it this far and wasn't sure she wanted to. She didn't want to change their relationship into a cyber-romance. She valued Ku'uipo for someone to talk to and knew that would end if this conversation went any further. 

"Lydia: You'll have to excuse me. I need to get off the computer." 

"Ku'uipo: But it was just getting interesting!!! *EG*" 

Lydia needed a way out of this situation and suddenly remembered something her husband had said once. 

"Lydia: I can't type with one hand... lol" 

"Ku'uipo: ROFLMFAO...Okay. I'll accept that excuse... lol" 

Whew!!! It had worked. It's funny how humor can get you out of many situations. 

"Lydia: Good night, Ku'uipo." 

"Ku'uipo: Good night, Sexy." 

As soon as she had logged off the computer, Lydia got undressed and laid down on her bed. One hand started slowly stroking her pussy while the other was massaging and pinching her nipples. 

Oh, how she wished Jim, Ron, or Ku'uipo was there. Anyone with a hard cock who could satisfy her aching pussy. Sex was so empty without the feel of a nice hot body against hers. She wanted to wrap her arms around a lover's neck and her legs around his body. She needed to feel his lips on her face and neck; to feel him bite and pull her nipples as he rammed his manhood into her cunt. She wanted to lift up her hips to meet every thrust. She wanted to feel her lover's cock hit bottom and feel the head as it went across her G-spot. 

Lydia's fingers were stroking her clit wildly now and she was pulling hard on her nipples with the other hand. Her hard work and fantasizing finally paid off with a mind-bending orgasm that soaked her hand and the sheets on the bed. She drifted immediately off to sleep with her fingers still in her wet pussy. 

In Lydia's dreams three men surrounded her. Jim, Ron, and Ku'uipo were all standing around her naked, their hard cocks in their hands. Her fingers were massaging her clit again as her lovers stroked their cocks over her. 

She tried to grab their cocks but somehow wasn't able to reach them. They just laughed at her efforts. She started begging for them to fuck her, but they just stood there jacking-off. She needed them so badly. Her pussy cried out to be fucked. Suddenly the men's cocks started erupting one-by-one. Their seed was hitting her body, causing her to orgasm with every stream that landed on her. When they were through they all walked out the door leaving her alone again. 

Lydia awoke in a sweat and her hand once again soaked with her juices. She almost cried at the thought that she didn't even get fucked in her dream. Though the two orgasms had been very satisfying, Lydia knew she would wake in the morning in need once more. 

* * * * 

Lydia's eyes opened in the morning to the sound of her telephone ringing. When she answered it she heard the familiar voice of her husband. She loved waking up to Jim's voice. She just wished she could feel his hands on her again. Six more months to go. Damn, it was going to be a long time! 

Lydia told her husband about her dream the night before and jokingly asked, "Why didn't you fuck me?" 

"Every girl needs a cum bath from time to time, Babe," he chuckled. 

They started describing what they wanted to do to each other's body while pleasuring themselves. Lydia was fucking herself with her dildo while Jim rubbed his pre-cum-coated cock. 

After they both came, Lydia said to Jim how much she needed his cock inside her. Masturbating while talking on the phone just left her hornier each time. Jim told her she just needed to get laid. She had always wanted to get fucked by a stranger. 

"This is the perfect opportunity for you since Ron is gone," he told her. 

"I don't know if I can. I've never fucked for the purpose of pure lust. I've always known who I was in bed with." 

"It's up to you, Babe. I encourage you to do it though." 

Lydia had always figured Jim would be with her when she finally picked up a man in the bar to take home and fuck. This was different, though. She didn't have that safety net there to protect her. 

When they got off the phone Lydia once again was feeling her pussy get wet from thinking of her husband. No one had ever been able to satisfy her like he could and she was totally devoted to him. 

Jim knew how much she loved and needed him and therefore did not feel jealous knowing Ron was fucking her in his absence. Neither did the thought of her fucking others bother him. On the contrary, it turned him on immensely. He jacked off regularly fantasizing about his wife being a complete slut. He loved watching her and listening to her getting fucked. 

Her lust was so strong it was amazing! 

Throughout the day Lydia was thinking about what her husband had said. He was right about her needing to get laid and the more she thought about it the more she was leaning towards giving it a shot. She planned on going out and seeing what was there. Nothing said she had to take someone home. She could just do some "window shopping". 

That evening while taking a shower, Lydia began feeling the heat between her legs as she was soaping down her breasts. Her nipples hardened to the touch and she pinched and pulled them. She suddenly stopped knowing that she would probably fall if she made herself cum in the slippery shower stall. 

* * * * 

Lydia dressed in a black silk skirt that came about a third of the way down her thighs. She then put on a lightweight white blouse. Her nipples poked through the material as the sensation of them against the fabric made them hard. In the mirror she could barely make out the outline of her braless nipples through the thin material. She also chose not to wear panties, as her skirt wasn't so short to be considered dangerous, but short enough to give some lucky guy a peek if she so chose. She figured they may just get in the way anyhow. 

At 8 o'clock Lydia climbed into her black Beetle and pulled out of the drive headed towards... she knew not what. She was nervous about going out to a bar alone for the first time and hoped it didn't show when she got there. 

She decided to go to City Lights, a bar on the Southwest edge of town where she knew she wouldn't run into anyone she knew. City Lights was known as a meat market and would be the best place to find a nice hard cock for the night. 

The Beetle pulled into the parking lot in front of the club and came to a stop. Lydia strolled into the dark club and stood near the door letting her eyes adjust to the low light. 

There was a large dance floor in the center of the club that was filled with undulating bodies. The entire club was quite full and Lydia made her way through the crowd to get a drink from the bar. 

Lydia made her way to the railing that surrounded the dance floor and took a seat overlooking the dancers. From her perch she had a pretty good view of the club and everyone there. She spied a few nice looking men hanging around the dance floor and pool tables. She checked some of them out closely, but no one really caught her attention. 

A few guys asked her to dance and Lydia obliged, shaking her body to the sounds of R&B and Hip-Hop. She could feel her nipples rubbing against her top and getting harder by the minute. She knew her dance partners were getting a good eye-full as her nipples pushed against the fabric. The sensation on her breasts was causing her to get quite excited and she could feel her pussy dampen. 

During her last spin around the dance floor, Lydia had noticed a couple guys coming into the club together. Both were good looking but one in particular had caught her eye. He was about 6' tall and 175 lbs. He had short red hair and was very well built. He wore a net tank top that showed off his muscular chest and tight blue jeans that showed a nice pair of buns and a prominent bulge in the front. 

The two men walked over and sat next to where Lydia had been sitting and her heart jumped. She couldn't believe her luck and couldn't wait to get off the dance floor to get a closer look at these two hunks. 

The song finished, Lydia thanked her dance partner and returned to her seat. She sat next to the redhead who nodded and smiled as she settled in. Lydia noticed him glancing at her chest, obviously enjoying the view her prominent nipples were providing. 

The redhead politely asked if anyone had been sitting there and Lydia told him, "Only you," and flashed him a wicked grin. 

He returned her smile and introduced himself as John. Lydia introduced herself and the two started in with the normal chitchat that goes on between two people who have just met and would like to know each other better. 

Lydia told John about how lonely she had been getting since her husband was in Korea. He asked if her husband knew she was out dancing with other guys and she told him yes, that he encouraged her to get out. 

John, it turned out, was a soldier stationed at the local Army base. He was from the Midwest and had only been in Texas for a couple weeks. He was 21 years old and this was his first time being away from his family and friends and was missing home terribly. 

They danced a few times and Lydia found herself getting turned on watching the way John moved his body to the music. She wanted to run her hands over his beautiful ass and feel his body rub against hers. When a slow dance came on, she didn't wait for John to ask her to dance. She took him by the hand and led him to the center of the dance floor. 

John pulled Lydia close to him and they wrapped their arms around each other. Lydia could feel John's net shirt rubbing against her nipples. Her knees were getting so weak from the sensation that she held him tighter to ensure she kept her balance. 

Lydia laid her head against John's chest and one of her hands instinctively went to his ass, cupping and gently squeezing it. John had an arm wrapped around her shoulders and his other slipped down to mirror Lydia's touch. He slowly massaged her ass through her silk skirt. Lydia sighed at the feel of the silk running up and down her bare ass. 

A second slow song came on and the couple stayed out on the dance floor, never making a move towards their seats. The floor was completely filled with bodies, with Lydia and John in the center hidden from the rest of the club. Lydia felt John's hand slide down the back of her leg to just below her skirt. His hand felt hot against her skin and she gave him a light squeeze on his ass to let him know she liked what he was doing. 

John's hand then started making its way back up her leg, but this time it went under the silk of her skirt. Lydia moaned as she felt his hot hand touch her buttocks. He gently kneaded her bare cheeks and she looked up into his eyes. His lips came down to meet hers and they locked into a passionate kiss. Their tongues explored each other's mouth and Lydia could feel John's cock grow and press against her belly. She could feel her own juices start to run down her thighs as she imagined his cock pressing against her pussy instead. The song ended and they walked slowly back to their seats arm-in-arm. 

Up until now Lydia hadn't even been introduced to John's friend. He had moved down the railing to take a seat on the other side of Lydia, leaving her sandwiched between the two handsome men. The silent half of this duo finally introduced himself as Hal. Hal was a black man who was built similarly to John. It was obvious that these guys took good care of their bodies. Right now Lydia was thinking how much she wanted to take care of John's body, and Hal wouldn't be bad either. 

John's hand was on Lydia's thigh and moved higher going under her skirt. Lydia's skirt was high enough now that anyone on the dance floor who looked would probably see her shaved lips. She looked around and noticed everyone was occupied with their own business and she didn't protest when she felt her skirt pushed even higher. 

Lydia's pussy was now completely exposed to the warm air in the club. She was so hot right now that she was sure she was raising the temperature a few degrees all by herself. 

Lydia subtly pulled her skirt from her ass to keep her pussy juice from staining it. She was amazed that no one was noticing her state of exposure, but was happy that she had the freedom to do as she pleased. 

Suddenly Lydia felt another hand come to rest on her upper thigh and looked down to find that the heretofore shy Hal had decided to join the party. Lydia was in no position to protest even if she had wanted to. Right now she couldn't even imagine trying to stop the action. 

Lydia couldn't believe the position she was in. It was her first trip to a bar alone and here she was with her pussy exposed and getting felt up by two men! In public even! She had to shake her head in disbelief. What had her husband turned her into? Not that it bothered her too much at this point in time. 

John's hand was caressing her inner thigh just above the knee -- holding it against his leg -- keeping her thighs slightly parted. Hal's hand was much higher. He was very nearly touching her pussy. 

Lydia couldn't stand this anymore. She needed something she certainly couldn't get here in the club. 

She leaned towards John and said, "I have to go now. If you want you can come by later." 

She handed them a card with her address and phone number on it. With that she walked to the door without looking back to see if they were following. As she started the car she saw her new friends walk out of the club and hop in a taxi. 

* * * * 

Back home Lydia parked the car in the driveway instead of the garage to ensure she was easily found. She went inside and quickly changed into a short silk robe that exposed more of her legs than the skirt had. She then got herself a drink and sat on the couch playing her favorite XXX movie about a woman who was always horny and fucking a constant stream of men. She even took on several men at once. Lydia could picture herself in the woman's place, sucking and fucking man after man. 

Lydia had just sat down when there was a knock on the front door. Before she could get up the door opened and in walked John, Hal and a third man whom she hadn't seen before. Having the third man there made Lydia a little nervous, but she wanted to get laid so bad that she shrugged it off. 

Lydia asked if they wanted anything to drink and went to the kitchen to get three beers as they all found places to sit. 

She returned to sit between John and Hal on the couch and handed everyone a bottle. The third man was introduced as Phil. He looked like he was their workout partner as he too was well muscled. He was shorter than the other two but still a fine specimen with short-cropped blonde hair. 

Phil sat on the floor near the couch and occasionally glanced at Lydia's crotch, which she knew was well exposed under the short robe. She really didn't care about modesty anymore and loosened the tie around her waist letting the robe fall partially open. 

The three men commented that her movie selection met their approval. John and Hal both picked up where they had left off back at the club, their hands back in pretty much the same place as before. John suddenly pulled Lydia's robe away from her tits and began pinching her nipples. 

Hal leaned over and pressed his lips to hers and pushed his tongue into her mouth. She then felt a pair of hands push her knees apart and felt Phil's hot breath on her pussy. Lydia quickly suggested that everyone get undressed saying she wanted to see their hard pricks. Their clothes were on the floor quickly and they each took up their places again. 

Hal had a long tongue and Lydia loved sucking on it. She simultaneously felt a mouth on her nipples and pussy. As she groaned with pleasure she took John's and Hal's hard cocks into her hands. She stroked them to full size and was extremely impressed at their length and girth. 

Phil's tongue was licking Lydia's wet pussy, teasing her clit and hole. He suddenly drove his tongue deep inside her pussy causing her to gasp and her body to shudder. Phil was eating her pussy like a man who hadn't eaten in days. His tongue started flicking her clit while his teeth lightly clamped down on it. 

Lydia's body started convulsing as the combined efforts of these men quickly caused her first orgasm. It lasted a few minutes as she realized that this was what she had been missing these months during the absence of her husband. 

Phil's tongue went back inside her pussy and gave her clit a much-needed break. Hal then broke his kiss away from her lips and got to his knees. His cock was now in front of her lips. She held it in front of her face for inspection. It was as big, if not bigger, as she had thought. The skin was taut and shiny on his dark prick. The head was perfectly proportioned to the shaft and pre-cum was dribbling out of the slit. 

Lydia's tongue went out to capture a taste of his honey. There was so much of it and it was sweet on her tongue. Her lips then engulfed the head and her tongue swirled around it. Hal emitted a groan and sucked in his breath deeply. 

"Oh, yeah, Babe. That's it." 

Lydia's other hand could feel the pre-cum and she smeared it over the head of John's cock and slowly rubbed it into the tip. 

Phil pulled his face away from Lydia's pussy and he got up between her legs. She could feel him rub the head of his cock on her pussy lips. When the head of his cock was well lubed with her juices he started to slowly push into her opening. 

Phil's cock didn't feel quite as large as the other two, but it still equaled her husband's cock, which was larger than average (in fact, Jim's size was one of the things she loved about him). Phil was teasing the entrance of her pussy by just fucking her with the head of his cock. She tried scooting onto his cock while keeping Hal's cock in her mouth at the same time. 

Phil suddenly pushed his cock all the way in Lydia's pussy causing her to moan loudly around Hal's cock. The vibration in her mouth and throat caused Hal to emit his own groan. 

As Phil started getting into a rhythmic stroke John got up on his knees to bring his cock to Lydia's face. She got the hint and released Hal from her mouth and replaced him with John. John began thrusting his hips, pushing his cock deep into Lydia's mouth. After a few minutes she switched back to allow Hal to fuck her mouth again. It was times like this that she wished she had two mouths! 
