 Steve was out one day snapping pictures in the woods behind his house one day. He'd signed up for a photography class at the local community college and his professor had told the class to take nature pictures as this week's assignment. Steve knew there were a pair of pileated woodpeckers in these woods and thought they'd make an excellent subject for his assignment. He'd just gotten a particularly good picture of one when he noticed a young girl walking down the path toward him. She looked to be about 17 or 18 and had long blonde hair. She was dressed in white shorts and a pink top. She looked scrumptious, a wet dream with long legs and cute little tits that poked out of her top. Steve started taking pictures of this vision of loveliness without even stopping to think how it might look to others. He just had to capture her freshness.

Suddenly, he realized that she was looking right at him. He paused in his picture taking for a moment until he realized that she did not look upset. Instead, she smiled and started posing for him. She turned slightly and cocked one leg. Then she turned away from him and looked at him over her shoulder. 

He couldn't believe his good fortune. He walked closer to her and said "Hi. I hope you don't mind. You are just so lovely that I couldn't resist taking your picture."

She giggled a little and said "Not at all. I always wanted to be a model. How do you want me to pose?"

He started to tell her different poses he wanted her to assume. He really had no idea what he was doing, he just knew he had to take advantage of her willingness. So, he just had her pose in ways that made her look her best to him. At first, he kept the poses very G-rated but gradually got bolder. When he asked her to pull her top tighter around her tits she readily did so. So, he got even bolder and asked her to raise her top so he could photograph her tummy. She did so in such a manner that it looked as though she was taking it off. 

Realizing that any further pictures could be considered pornographic (at least he hoped so), he stopped and put a new chip in his camera. He figured that if someone came by, he'd just swap out the chip with the one with the nice pictures on it. While he was doing that, she asked "Do you want me to take it off?"

His cock had been hard before she said that but hearing that made it practically throb. "If you don't mind, that would be lovely."

She looked around and said "Maybe we should move away from the trail. There is a nice little open patch over that way."

They chatted on their way to the open patch. He learned her name was Eve and that she had just turned 18. He told her about his photography class and why he was out in the woods that day. 

Glancing around, he realized that they were out of sight of the trail when she said "Here looks like a good place." She started to whip her top off when he said "No, do it slowly."

She smiled and started to slowly lift her top. He gasped when he saw her bra covered tits. By that time, her top was covering her face so he didn't see her smile at his gasp. Then she had it off. "Do you really like them? I think they are too small"

"Oh, they are just right. I bet they are delicious." He turned red when he realized what he'd said.

But she just smiled and said "I don't know, no one has ever tasted them."

He didn't know what to say to that, so just raised his camera and starting snapping away. Once again, she started posing. This went on for a few minutes before he boldly asked "How about you unsnap your shorts and make it look like you are going to take them off."

She looked a little hesitant when he said that. "You aren't going to put these pictures on line, are you."

"Definitely not! These are for my one enjoyment."

"Ok, but you have to promise. I don't want the boys at school seeing these." 

"I promise."

With that she reached down and unbuttoned her shorts. Then she went further and started to unzip them. She went slowly, knowing he wanted to capture every detail.

When she had the zipper down, she asked "Do you want me to take them off."

Steve could not believe his luck. He just nodded vigorously because he couldn't get his mouth to work. 

He snapped away as her shorts fluttered to the ground. He kept taking pictures as she stepped out of them, the scooped them up to put them with her top. Her panties were very tight, obviously from before a recent growth spurt as they had figures from Frozen.

She blushed when she realized the design on her panties. "Oh, I forgot I had this pair on. All my good ones are in the wash, so I had to wear them. I hope you don't mind."

"Mind? No. If anything, they make you even more adorable."

She started doing most of the poses she'd done before but then she did one that shocked him. She slowly turned away from him and bent at the waist, reaching down to touch her toes. Her little camel toe was framed by Otto's outline. This was a picture that he knew he would beat off to for years to come. 

She looked back at him from around her leg and, looking at his cock straining at his pants, said "I see you like this pose." 

"Oh god, yes."

She stood back up and smiled at him. She was clearly intrigued with the idea that she had gotten a grown man so excited. "Now what?"

"How about if you turned away from me and unfastened your bra so it looks like you are topless?"

"Sure."

She turned around and reached back to unfasten her bra. He thought she'd just hold her bra so they covered her tits, instead she dropped it on top of her shorts. 

She started to turn towards him as he was snapping away. She had her hands over her tits and she was blushing. Her blush extended down her chest almost to her tits. Then she slowly dropped her hands. 

He was presented with two of the loveliest little tits, capped with tiny pink nipples just barely darker than the flesh surrounding them. Her aureoles were barely bigger than her nipples. 

"Oh, my word. You are simply amazing."

She dipped her head upon hearing that and smiled almost shyly at him. She was a picture of innocence and naughtiness all wrapped into one, standing there in just her tight Frozen panties. Her nipples were stiff and pointed, betraying how turned on she was. She stood there for a moment before starting to prance around, stopping every few feet to pose for him. 

Steve put his camera on video mode and said "Honey, just keep moving around for a few minutes. I'm going to video you." He got about 5 minutes of her moving suggestively around before saying "Eve, can I have a taste."

She looked confused for a minute and then smiled "Sure."

Steve walked up to her and cupped her breasts with his hands. After spending a few minutes caressing them, he bent down and took a nipple in his mouth.

"Oh. That feels good, different, but good. I've wondered what it would feel like."

Steve suckled on one and then the other for a couple of minutes. 

"Honey, you taste divine."

He got another big smile for that comment. 

"Now, back to pictures. How about we get one of you looking like you're going to take your panties off?"

She looked at him, blushed again and said "Okay." She looked straight at him and hooked her fingers in her panties on each side, then slowly started pushing them down. Just when he thought she was going to go all the way, she stopped. 

"Remember, you promised to keep these pictures to yourself."

"Oh, I remember. I will be the only person to ever see these. I promise."

With that, she pushed a final time and her panties fluttered to the ground. She stepped out of them and put them on top of her pile of clothes. 

She had the most delicate little pussy with no pubic hair to cover it. She was clearly turned on because he could see her pussy lips glisten in the afternoon light. 

Once again, she started to pose for him. Then, she did it. She turned away and bent over to touch her toes. Her pussy was so inviting. He walked over to her and dropped to his knees, snapping away the whole time. He was not normally into pussy eating but he knew he had to taste this one. He put his camera down, stuck his tongue out and licked her pussy in one long lick. 

She gasped and said "Oh, what are you doing? That felt great!"

"I'm tasting you. You are so sweet. Do you mind if I do it some more?"

"Oh, mister, you can do that all day but let me lean against that tree. Otherwise I might fall down."

They moved a few feet so she could brace herself against a tree and he started again. He kept it up for a few minutes until she let out a long "Uhhhhh" and started to collapse. He grabbed her thighs and kept her from falling to her knees. They remained like that for a few minutes before she straightened back up. He got up too.

"I've never felt something like that before. Was that an orgasm?"

"It sure was, darling."

"Thank you, mister! That was awesome."

"It was my pleasure. You really do taste sweet." 

She stood there for a minute, looking down and digging her toe in to the ground. She was obviously thinking of something. 

"Uh, I've been naughty. You know what my dad does when I'm naughty?"

"What?"

"He spanks me. Do you want to spank me? Not a lot and not hard but..."

"Sure. How many times?

"Uh, 10?"

There was a log off to the side of them. Steve took her hand and led her over to it. He sat down and pulled her over his lap. He spent a moment caressing her sweet little bottom before raising his hand and bringing down. Wap!

"Was that too hard?"

"You can do it harder, please."

He proceeded to spank her 9 more times, alternating cheeks, before stopping to once again caress her bottom which was now a nice red color. He then picked up his camera and took a few shots of her bottom before helping her to stand. She had a glazed look on her face and he realized that she'd orgasmed while being spanked.

"You enjoyed that, didn't you? I know I did."

"Yeah. My dad stopped spanking me because he knows I enjoy it."

She looked down at his crotch and said "That must be painful. Would you like me to suck it for you? I've never done it before and probably won't be any good but I'd like to try. I've always wanted to but I've never wanted to suck a guy at school. They'd tell everyone and all the guys would be after me to suck them off."

A few minutes ago, Steve would not have believed his day could get any better. Was he ever wrong! This delicate morsel of femininity was going to give him a blow job! "I'd like nothing better. Can I take pictures?"

"Sure. They won't be any naughtier than the rest of the pictures you've taken of me."

"Uh, do you have something I can kneel on?"

"Sure, here, use my jacket."

She dropped his jacket on the forest floor and then got down on her knees. 

She unzipped his pants while he opened the button. There was no way his steel hard cock was going to come out of his fly. Then she pulled down his underwear and was hit in the face by his cock. "Eek. What's this stuff on my face?"

"That's pre-cum. It's meant to help a man's cock slide into a woman's pussy."

She wiped some of it off her face with her finger and then stuck her finger in her mouth. "That tastes ok. Some of the girls at school said it tasted yucky."

"Well, that is just the pre-cum. Cum will taste stronger and be thicker."

"I can't wait to taste it."

She grabbed his cock and started licking the head all over. Next, she licked from the base all the way to the tip and then popped the head in her mouth. She was a natural cock sucker, swirling her tongue around the head as she sucked. She started bobbing her head, taking more and more of his cock into her mouth. 

Steve just looked down in amazement at her performance before suddenly remembering to take pictures. She must have realized he was taking pictures because she looked up. It was at that point that he got a picture that was priceless. Her big blue eyes were framed by her long blonde hair and his cock was framed by her pink lips. It was so erotic that he could not hold off any longer. He started to cum. He'd meant to warn her but he came so suddenly that he didn't have a chance to. 

But it didn't seem to faze her. He could see her throat working as she swallowed some of his cum. Finally, he stopped cumming. She waited until his cock was no longer spurting and sat back on her heels. Then she looked up at him and opened her mouth, letting him see a pool of his cum on her tongue. He snapped a picture before she closed her mouth and swallowed the rest, then opened her mouth to show it was empty. After looking at him for a minute, she leaned forward and started cleaning his cock with her tongue. Once she was done, she stood up and handed him his jacket.

"I've got to get going. Mom will be expecting me home soon. This was fun. Thanks!" 

He could not believe she'd just thanked him. "Honey, this was probably the best day of my life. You are an amazing young lady."

She got dressed and started to leave, turning to say "Remember, you promised to keep the pictures private. Bye."

Steve pulled up his pants and checked his camera. He quickly scanned through some of the pictures just to prove to himself that it had really happened. He could not wait to see them on his computer. As he walked away, he wondered if he would ever see her again. He hoped so.