 Mark made his way through the crowd at Hartsfield International, wanting to get to his gate as quickly as possible. It was not a case of wanting to be early to his flight, actually, he was pretty sure that if he got through security, he would be less likely to change his mind and go home.

For weeks, he had dreamed about this moment, wondering what it would be like. He was flying to Cleveland to meet a woman he had never seen in person, had never talked to other than on the computer and on the phone. His daydreams about this moment were full of lust and desire, but at this moment, he couldn't get over the nervous, nauseous feeling overcoming him. "I must be insane to be doing this," he thought as the usual unpleasant security agent rummaged through his carry on. "Or, I was drunk when I agreed to go." He shook his head as he gathered his belongings and headed to the gate.

It was not as if he didn't know the woman. As a matter of fact, Mark felt closer to Kim than he had to his own wife. They had met, of course, in some stupid chat room, (it wasn't even a sex room) almost 2 years ago. They hit it off almost immediately. She was funny, smart and playful. She seemed to enjoy talking to him and they both felt they could talk about anything to the other. She would talk about her search for a good man in her life and he would tell her about his rapidly failing marriage. The more he talked to her, the more Mark found himself attracted to her. 

And the more that they talked, the more they found themselves talking about sex. At first, they talked about what they liked but it soon evolved into what they desired, what they fantasized about. They began to talk about the two of them together, what they would want to do to the other. For over a year and half it was just that, talk. Then Mark got divorced, and now he was free to actually meet with the woman he was falling in love with.

The flight to Cleveland was uneventful, other than the need to drink 2 beers to calm his nerves. As he left the aircraft after landing, he began searching for Kim in the crowd by the security gate. His heart swelled when he saw her. 5' 5", red hair with a nice body, the kind that is built for comfort not built for speed. He had always liked real women, women with some weight on them. She smiled and waved when she saw him, and stood waiting, looking as nervous as he felt, for him to walk up.

He didn't say a word as he approached, he just looked in her eyes, the nervousness gone, and kissed her. Kissed her like he had never kissed a woman before in his life. He could feel the desire burn through him, the need to have her in his arms.

"Well I am glad to see you too!!" She said as she smiled at him.

"I am sorry for that, I don't know what came over me I just needed to kiss you".

"Not a problem. Let's get your luggage and go get something to eat." She suggested.

After picking up the luggage, they went to her car and drove to a restaurant near the airport. The nervousness between them seemed to have melted away as they had a few drinks and talked. As they talked, Kim moved her hand on to Mark's thigh. Slowly she ran her fingernails over his inner thigh. He could feel his cock stiffen from her touch. He looked at her, she had a smile on her lips and said " Why don't we go home? I have something that needs your attention."

They drove to Kim's apartment; he waited for her to open the door. As they walked inside Kim turned to him and kissed him, their tongues swirling around each other's mouth. His hands went to her waist holding him to her as kissed down her neck. Kim moved her hands down Mark's sides, her breathing heavy, she moved to the front of his jeans pulling at his belt. He looked at her in surprise,

"Do you want me to stop?" She asked.

"Or do you want me to suck your dick?"

He said nothing, just watched as she undid his belt, unzipped his jeans and pulled out his throbbing cock. She looked up at him and smiled as she slowly sucked the head of it into her mouth. Slowly she worked her tongue around the head, pulling his cock deeper into her mouth. Mark moaned as she took him deeper and deeper into her mouth. Her hands squeezed his balls as his hands ran through her auburn hair.

Mark could feel the cum building up in him as Kim sucked him faster and faster. She grabbed his ass and pistoned his dick into her hot wet mouth. 

"I am going to cum, Oh God!! I am going to cum!!" 

She sucked him down all of the way as he squirted his cum deep in her throat and in her mouth. Much of it was dripping off of her lips as his dick slid out of her mouth. He was speechless. He had never had a blowjob like that before in his life. He picked her up into his arms and they kissed. A big wet sloppy kiss, his cum going from her mouth to his. He could feel her need in her kiss, the way she pressed her breasts against him.

She led him into her bedroom, the light fading from the day, and stood in front of him. Mark slid out of his jeans and pulled off his shirt. Slowly he kissed her again. His hands down her back, over the swell of her ass. Kissing her neck, he began to pull her shirt off. He wanted to please her; he wanted to make her feel like she just made him feel. She undid her bra as soon as her shirt was coming off, her breasts popping out of their constraint. His tongue sliding down her neck, going over the rise of her tits until he found her nipples. Mark licked his way around Kim's hard, dark nipples. Her breath catching every time he lingered on them. He sucked them into his mouth, swirling his tongue around them.

Kim eased back on the bed, lying flat on her back. She moaned as Mark kissed down her breasts, down her stomach, kissing around her navel, he slowly pushed her pants down her legs. He got on his knees before her, spreading her legs, kissing her thighs. Her pussy was swollen and red, the lips opening slightly. His tongue slid along her inner thing, moving toward her wet slit. 

Mark worked his tongue inside of her lips, sliding up and down the length of them. He worked his way up to her swollen clit, circling it before sucking it into his mouth. Kim's breath caught with each lick at her swollen bud.

"Oh yes baby, oh yes... more Oh God!! More." Kim hissed at him.

Her hands were running through his hair as ate her, she pulled her legs apart as far as they would go, hoping he would go deeper with his tongue. Mark started to suck her clit, hard...rubbing his teeth against it. Driving Kim closer and closer to the edge. He slid two fingers into her drenched pussy, and began to slide them in and out while he licked her clit.

"Oh God!! Oh God!! I'm Cumming..." She screamed.

Kim's legs relaxed as the waves of orgasm finally subsided. Mark gently kissed the top her mound and looked up at her. 

"I hope you enjoyed that." He said with smile.

She let out a little laugh " Couldn't you tell?"

Mark moved up onto the bed with her and pulled her into his arms. Kim ran her hands down his leg and grabbed his half hard cock.

"I have had all of this fun and I haven't even had this in me yet!"

"Well, it is all yours" he laughed.

His cock began to stiffen as she massaged his balls. 

She whispered in his ear " I want you to fuck me Mark. I want you to fuck me now!"

She pushed onto his back and slid his cock inside her warm, wet pussy. Kim started slowly moving up and down on his dick, slowly at first then slowly gaining speed, her breasts swaying with her rhythm. She began to grind her clit against his pelvic bone, moaning each time she did. Mark pushed against her, trying to grind into her even harder. 

Kim began to clench her pussy around Mark's hard cock. It felt like she was trying to milk him. He could tell she was close, could tell she was about to cum. He reached up and gently pinched her nipples.

"Harder!" She said

"Pinch my nipples hard!!" 

Mark pinched them as hard as he could, Kim let out a moan and her pussy grabbed Mark's cock for all it was worth.

"Yes!! Uh yes!!" she grunted.

It felt like his lap was soaked from her orgasm as he fell down on top of him. He held her in her arms for sometime, letting her breathing come back to normal. She finally looked up at him with a sheepish looking smile and said "Now we need to do something about you."

Kim slid off of Mark's dick, and knowing this is what he wanted, go on all fours on the bed.

"I want you to fuck me from behind and cum all in my pussy"

Mark was eager to please, and got on his knees behind her. His dick practically fell inside of her because of all the wetness there. He made no pretenses about what he was there for and began to bang her pussy with his cock with no mercy.

"Don't you want to cum in me Mark? " she said to him.

"Cum in my pussy Mark!!" She said again.

He could feel the cum building in his balls, he knew that he had to cum in her, knew that he wanted to give her his sperm. He could feel his cock about to erupt, he was so close.

"I want you to make me pregnant, give me a baby Mark!!" Kim yelled.

With that, Mark shot what felt like a gallon of his cum deep inside of her. She had known that would set him off, making her pregnant and now it may have just happened.