 The sounds of a late night game show seem to drag me back to the living world. I'm not even sure I know what it is. Either the one where one person gets to date 4 and dump the ones they don't want, the other one, two people get to date others and then decide if they want to stay together or not. Shit gets weirder all the time. Raising my head, I see that again, I have fallen asleep on the couch. Just another day in the life huh. I stumble through the house, You are asleep on the love seat, Blu is under the coffee table. Tripping over Smokey as I get to the bathroom, I sit to relieve the urgency I have felt since sitting up, and of course Bud decides this would be a perfect time to show me he is still my buddy. NO PAPER, DAMN..... why don't I ever look before I sit down. 

When I am finally finished in the bathroom, it is time to remove the days clean laundry and clear a spot for my last hour of sleep before that ............ that......... alarm tells me another wonderful day is about to begin. Walking back into the living room, calling to you, as the stirring starts, I call again to make sure the message is received. You slowly peel yourself from the position that for the life of me I can't imagine spending a few minutes in, let alone the time you have been asleep. I walk into the bedroom as you make the long trip to the facility. 

I am in bed when you return to our slightly darkened sleep chamber, at least that's all that has been happening there lately. As you remove the clothes you are wearing I watch, taking in the site of you slowly slipping away the outer coverings of the day. I am not sure if you are aware of my gaze, but you do seem to be taking your time and making it a little more sensual. When the last piece of clothing is laying at the foot of the bed, you climb into the bed, I feel the sway of the water as you approach. My heart starts that climb, the one I go through each time you slip under the covers with me. I am lying on my back, you slide your arm across my chest and lay your head upon my breast. I kiss your forehead and wish you a good night. 

We lay there for a short time, I roll slightly to my side to hold you, you turn on to your right side, slipping into a very familiar position. I circle you in my arms ad close my eyes. A brief moment of spooning and I feel you as you begin to softly and slowly move your hips against me, rubbing my soft cock with your ass. This tells me you are not in the mood to sleep. I pull you back against me and cup your breasts in my hands. 

Your gyrations have increased in both strength and speed. As if I am not moving along quickly enough, you reach back between us, taking my hardening cock into your hand, pushing it between your leg, spreading slightly. My fingers have found your little button and begun their dance. You moan softly and push your ass into my groin. Not wanting this to be over too quickly I resist the urge to slide into you and instead increase the rhythm of the dance across your clit. Slow circles, and then back and forth, punctuated with an occasional light pinch. I can feel the orgasm start to build inside you, I continue playing with you and start to kiss your back and the back of your neck. Tasting an ear lobe now and then, you tense and push back hard into my groin as you start to cum. Not wanting to let the sensation you were being engulfed with end, I continue to rub, slower and farther away from the little pea that I had been teasing. You relax as the feeling subsides, yet the slight pressure and the teasing keep you on the edge, not letting you come down from the last orgasm. But you, as always, wanting things to move along to the main event, sit up and turn around, your sweet legs laying beside my head as you reach for and find my cock again. It jumps as you lick across the head and down the shaft slowly. I feel you squeeze my balls as you engulf the head and begin to work your way down, letting me slide slowly into your warm, wet mouth. 

I start back with my finger dance, this time able to watch as I work. I love to watch as I lay with you. Both the look on your face and the almost begging that I get from your wet pussy as I lick and suck on your lips and clit. This part never seems to last as long as I would like it to and soon you are again cumming and arching your hips to meet my tongue. Not stopping at the end of your current journey I continue the finger and tongue play on you pussy and ass, reaching down often to caress your hard nipples and soft warm breasts. As your third orgasm builds, and your ride over the falls begins, I realize that the licking and stroking I am getting between your peaks is taking it's toll and I am about to unleash a small explosion that has been pent up inside of me for too long. 

I rise up from the tasty treat that I was sampling and turn around and move between your legs. You spread far apart and lay open to me, exposed, needy. I slowly rub the head of my cock up and down across the clit that I had just had sucked between my lips, your head thrashing from side to side. I feel another dam about to break and slide myself in, deep and slow. Starting to rock my hips in a slow steady rhythm, you arching your back to increase the slapping of our hips and the depths that am reaching. Picking up speed and driving harder, I can again tell you are on the path to another big "o". The sight of you starting over the edge is all I need, my head falls back and I begin to cum, and cum, and..........

Moving back to give you room, I lay back and watch as you clean up. You slide back under the covers, I snuggle up to your back, with my arms around you. I smile and drift off to sleep.