 "It's ladies night there."

"Is it?" I couldn't have cared less; I really was single-minded, wanting to rush this girl home to sate her as she had pleaded to wanting before. On the other hand, it had been awhile since I had a woman who actually wanted to go play pool. Laura had been that way too, until she knew she had me tied down. Courting has its peculiar little perks as well as its downfalls.

So, we went. I wouldn't allow her to drive. Chauvinist thing, yah know? Something about courtly honor, driving the chariot for the lady; something to those ends. Now that I think back on it, it was a bad idea. A very bad, horrid, scaly, scabby idea. We walk in, and at first I liked it; because she walked through the doors before me, and then turned right back around into me, trying to hide in my arms and torso. I was not adverse to the close contact. The smell of her hair, the softness of her body cradled in mine. However, there was a reason that this girl had turned from the pool hall.

"Problems, my lady?"

Delphine squeaked, and I rolled my eyes, hugging her a little closer, and pulling her out of the way of the door. At last she looked up. "Let's go, don't let them see-"

"Delphine?"

"Fuck," I heard her whisper under her breath. 

Wriggling her way from my grasp, she turned to the voice. There were four of them. One was a pretty big fellow, scraggly, if I may say so. Dressed in all black, he had just missed an easy shot for the seven ball into the corner pocket. Then there were two women sitting there, one who was the big and beautiful African goddess-types, and the other looked kind of crazy. Good crazy. The kind of crazy that would always be interesting. 

She wasn't bad looking, either, but she did sort of look like a loose-cannon, ready to recoil and strike at any moment. She had fiery red hair, and beautiful blue eyes. The other kind of worried me. Tall, blonde, blue-eyed also. Mr. Raphael Sans la Ringlets was walking toward the pool table about to take his shot. But when his eyes hit Delphine, they didn't leave her. By gods, they tried; to concentrate, anything- but they didn't. The man wasn't exactly handsome, but he also was not bad looking. He was still ... I guess the word in my testosterone-driven world is "competition". 

My girl smiled, and walked up to them. She glanced back to make sure I was following. Of course, I was. I wouldn't leave her alone with this party. "Group, this is Dave Preston. Dave, this is," pointing at the largest member who had called her out, the scruffy man, "Jerry," pointing to the crazy, very slightly overweight redhead, "Lizzie," then gesturing toward the mocha princess, "Felicity," and finally toward the last man, "And this, this is William."

At the mention of that last name, she seemed to subconsciously stray from my figure. Jerry grinned, "So who is this Dave? Just a friend or," smirking, "Anything more?"

Her eyes lifted to mine, and I knew that plead well, I answered, "I am a friend."

I stopped worrying about William at Jerry's answer. He sized me up and smiled; brightened, really. "Well then. Nice to meet you, Dave."

Jerry gave a look to the table. "Fuck this, you win, William. You usually do anyways. Rack 'em up and let's give Dave a game. I want to size out my competition here before I play him."

My eyes rested on Jerry's hard. Was he HONESTLY thinking about taking MY woman? He better think again if he wanted to keep his ass intact. It took awhile, but finally William scratched, and I sunk the eight ball. He took an animated seat next to Lizzie the Redhead, across from Felicia and Delphine. Jerry got up to play, and I let him break, keeping my eyes on that table. I saw William smile and put his hand on Lizzie's shoulder, too affectionate surely to be just friends. So, that's why he was here.

I hate dissecting group dynamics. There's just too much shit to consider. That's why I went into Biology instead of Behavioral Ecology. The part about this group I especially didn't like was Jerry. Who kept glancing over at the table, who kept going over to flirt, who kept getting drinks sent over to the ladies, who just kept annoying me. I didn't exactly feel threatened by him. Delphine had a lust in her eyes when she looked at me. She had nothing when she looked at Jerry, nothing but a smile. But the fact was that he was trying, right?

Right.

But then it was time to go home, and I couldn't have been happier. This shit was over with. Jerry walked back over and clapped his hand on Delphine's shoulder. "I'm glad we ran into you. Too bad you didn't play pool, but I guess you had some catching up to do. Let's not make this a one time thing. You're always welcome to come out with us. Bring Dave along too, he seems a stand up kind of guy," he smiled toward me.

That's when it happened. Jerry leaned down and kissed Lizzie on the cheek, "Let's hit it, babe."

William had already walked around Delphine, had put her jacket on, and was leaned down to whisper something in her ear. His hand was in her coat pocket, his eyes were pained. Her's looked zoned out, staring out into oblivion, into the dark skin of the walls. Her breathing was shallow, her head turning towards his when he backed away from her. William caught up with Felicity and the others, out the door. I still was over at the registration counter, putting back the pool sticks and the rack. Delphine stood, dark eyed, over at the table. She let a hand touch her cheek, her eyes closed, and then her hand went down.

The woman came back across the room to me. I grabbed her by the hand softly, and gently dragged her from the hall. Why hadn't I listened to my gut? That was what had told me to watch that blonde. But no, I rationalized it, thinking that Jerry had been the potential suitor. Perhaps I was hoping that the single one would be the lesser of the lookers. So that I wouldn't actually have someone to fear. That damn pool hall had been the biggest mistake of my life. I just hadn't realized it yet.

It had the potential to let me lose everything. 

I opened her car door, and walked around to my side. Before I could fumble through my keys, Delphine had already reached over and unlocked my side. The door handle seemed to stick, but I think now that I was just holding back on everything so that I didn't blow up at anything. Keeping my calm, I asked her, "What was that entire situation about? From the bottom to top. Who they are, where you know them from, what happened tonight. Everything. I'll accept whatever the content or lack thereof of content is, but just tell me something."

Her eyes were still closed. When they opened, I saw the fire behind them. The all-consuming flames of passion. Those flames that could only warm you, or intensify to thoroughly burn and scathe you. "I know them from work. Jerry doesn't work at Savers any more, but Lizzie, Felicity, and William do. Jerry was the only one I'm really friendly with. Him and my brother used to get along famously, and so- he and I did too. Lizzie and I get along well, but don't talk that much. We work on opposite sides of the store. Same with Felicity, I very rarely see her, but we can stand one another decently."

Taking a breath, her eyes glazed over, "I know William very well. He and I had a thing, a half kind of dating. A good friendship, I suppose. I wanted to date him. I think he wanted me too, but lost interest. I felt that, but... well. I don't like being around someone I'm attracted to. I lose myself regardless of what I know they feel. I didn't' want to lose myself this time to insanity, so I, ha- It was pretty cold-hearted, what I did. You know Glenn Close from Fatal Attraction?"

My mind went back to the bunny-boiling incident when she mentioned my wife at Borders. "Yeah, I do."

"I kind of did that, except not to those extremities. I sent him about half a dozen text messages. And, you know that I'm not actually crazy, but that I must be somewhere in me, because I pull it off hella well. I freaked him out. The only miscalculation I made was that in the end he called me. I figured he would do what he always did- ignore the problem, discard it, but he did actually call that night after he got off work. Asking if there was anything wrong. 'No, there's nothing wrong.' Then I laughed at him, Dave. Laughed. He said he had never meant to lead me on. Bullshit. He did, in the beginning. I know he did, and it was funny that he would lie to me like that.

"I don't think of him much any more, but sometimes I still see him... and think... goddamn. He's not the best-looking man, but I have such a strict regimen for men to pass to become somewhat suitable for me, that... well, it's not like I have a lot of other men to exactly keep my mind off of him. Other than you, the only men I've really been attracted to are him and Josh, if you remember him. I guess there was that other Dave I worked with. I had a thing for him too. I must have a liking toward Polish men; you're the only non-Pollack I've been attracted to."

"Actually, I'm quarter."

"Figures. Well, anyways, yeah. We haven't even talked out of cordial work agreements for the last, almost... year. We were kind of forced to today. I have no problem with Jerry, Lizzie, and Felicity, but... William was the one I was trying to hide from."

"What was that today then? When he whispered in your ear?" My voice rose without my realizing it until I heard myself.

"He was being nice. He put my coat on and said he still wanted to be friends. He put his number in my pocket."

A sneer carved my lips. "Delphine. You had a look on your face. A look I have seen myself, because I caused it on more women than just you."

That flame that had an origin in her belly licked its way again to her eyes. "Yeah, so I'm still fucking attracted to him. Why are you worried? You're a damn Grecian God."

Closing my mouth, that little sneer rubbing away, I kept driving mutely. "Take me home, Dave."

So, I did.

* * *

The office seemed smaller since the last time I had seen it. Of course, maybe then I didn't have as big a head as I seemed to now, being a manager. I kept hoping he wouldn't come in. My fingers clicked on the keys as quickly as they could to get this letter done so that I could hurry up and finish my inventory. Damn my computer for being down. Damnit, damnit, damnit.

The handle of the door turned, and my body filled with dread. For a second I had stopped typing, but I started up again. I wanted to look like I was doing something- I WAS doing something, there was no looking like about it. Fuck him. I didn't come here just to see him.

Or did I?

Did I really try that hard to fix my computer? Did I actively go out and seek for another possible computer to finish my work on? No. It was just like the good 'ole cashierin' days. People used to think I was stupid because I would come across a problem and not 'know' how to fix it. If it was a normal lane where he would have to be in close proximity, I feared the thought of him having to come by that close. He would be able to smell the intensity wafting off of me. But at those scan-it-yourself machines, where there was one cashier and four machines for four customers to work at... 

Oh, how could I forget that day where the lady dropped her credit card between the scale and machine? My first thought was to take my pen or a piece of paper and run it through to get it out. But I pushed that to the back of my mind, thinking- maybe I could call Store Maintenance...

Yet, I ended up calling my supervisor, and she told me to do the pen thing. By that time, the lady had finagled that card out anyways. I felt like an idiot. I had known what to do. But deep down I had wanted a problem so badly so I could call him to come and fix it. And the worst part is that all of this was my fault. All these problems had been my doing. Sure, it took two to tango- but it only took one to step on the other's foot with their stilettos and break a toe.

He was so good looking to me, too, but at the same time, he wasn't. I think at some point when we had been talking it just became habit. Habit to only have one person on my mind at a time. Someone I connected with. And that wasn't a lie. We had so much in common. I did connect with him. And now I just wanted him to-

I had stopped typing again, and William leaned against the wall with a file in his hand, flipping through the papers within. "Problems?"

Thinking back to the pool hall, clung to Dave, I looked up at him without feeling. "No. Just needed a moment to organize an idea."

"I see. What are you working on?"

"Work."

He cleared his throat and left to a back, adjoining part of the office. Oh no, this wasn't good. X-rated movies were playing through my head. Sometimes of just Dave, those were the okay ones, then those of just Will. Those weren't as acceptable. The ones that truly put me ill at ease were the ones where William and Dave simultaneously-

"So what have you been up to lately?"

My reply was short, hoping he would get the point, "Not much. Work."

"Nothing else? Really?" His speech was playful.

Very much like the way it used to be. I forced a silly little smile on my face, it looked glued on, and the glue was cracking at the edges from being so old and yellow. "Not really, Will. How about you?"

"Not as much as I would like. Got a house with my roommate."

I nodded, not taking my eyes off the screen. He walked up behind me. Put both hands on my shoulders and began to rub them. I was always so tense, and normally, people either tickled me because they weren't doing it hard enough, or to compensate for how tense I was, they were too forceful for enjoyment. He hit that happy medium which made me groan. My eyes closed and I threw my head back. 

His eyes ate me up from above. They were so kind, gentle, but hungry. I realized that the only things between him and I were clothes and a chair. All I had to do was turn the chair around, start unbuttoning- "Fuck."

I stiffened back up and went back to typing. Walking a small semicircle around me, stalking me like a predator. "Who was that man you were with last night?"

"Should I just stick my leg out and let you piss on it? I'm sick of you fucking territorial men. I'm not your bitch. I am not your property."

"So, he already asked about me, I see."

"Yeah, he did," I finished up the last few words of the letter to my boss, and then I sent it, and swiveled around in my chair. 

"I just was asking you in a friendly way. I want to know what's going on."

"It's not your business, or anyone else's."

"Then I guess I have the answer I wanted. He's your man. Not a bad catch, really. I mean, he's got me beat in every area. Every area. But at least let me be a friend. I didn't lie. You are an amazing person."

"Your girlfriend dumped you?" He paced back to the door, and turned to come back.

"I caught her cheating."

"And yet another winner for William. You can pick 'em, baby."

"Yeah, and if I let them go, it's because I know they're too good to be true, too good for me. Not too good for Dave though, I guess."

His bright blue eyes darkened like they had the night before. Were pained. His hair was short, and because it was blonde, you could see where his hair was already thinning, where he would be bald eventually. His chest was broad, his legs meaty; even through the work shirt and khakis. He was well built for how tall he was. Usually, the tall and skinny are the lanky types. 

Walking back slowly, he stopped right before me. Putting his hand down, I observed all its contours, for some reason feeling my stomach heat up, my legs begin to shift. His forearms were strong, his biceps hidden, but noticeable. I closed my eyes to hide myself. I normally did it so well, but between the stress of work and the onslaught of obscene and unresolved desires.... I couldn't control myself. 

William watched as I brought one hand up to my face, and he put his other hand on the arm of my chair. Now having both arms down for leverage, he leaned in to me. As I shied away, his eyes pleaded with me. "Just one time, please..."

They were so soft and tender on me, but at the same time it hit me like a train. The intensity. The complete domination I felt from him through even this gentle caress. His tongue ran slowly across my lips, asking for what they didn't need to. I opened my mouth, slipped my tongue out, and let it roam over his. For a second, I sucked on his tongue and pulled away while his mouth moved down to my neck. He hummed for just a second, and I felt shivers of pleasure run down my spine. His hand rubbed over my pussy methodically, up and down, roughly where my clit was, up and down.

My right hand clutched to his neck when my hips bucked up, causing the chair to tip, him to lose his balance- He stood. Then leaned down again, and pulled me up into him. His one hand rubbed the small of my back, and the other kneaded the flesh of my breast. I was going into sensation overload, people. She's gonna blow.

Arching my back, I didn't orgasm, but it was damn close. He pushed my back against the wall and pressed into me as hard as he could, letting me feel how hard he was. That was when he stopped and pulled away from me. I breathed a few times, like I had never breathed before, like I had just stepped out of the desert sun. I was so hot. He took my hand and went into the back, shutting the door all but a fraction of an inch. From the back niche, nothing could be seen, but we could hear if anyone came into the office.

Which meant they could hear us if they came in, but we would at least have time to get situated before they saw anything. Without much strain, he unfastened the button on my pants, pulling them down. "Do you ever wear underwear?"

"Pardon?"

"It just became familiar to see that there were no panty lines in your light tan pants. I wondered if you ever wore panties."

"No. I don't like them. I prefer free-balling."

He gave me a peculiar look, and then gazed at my pussy. "Pretty in pink. Just trimmed?"

It wasn't shaven, I'd like to see any of you men shave, but it was always neatly trimmed. "Always."

With a testing lick, he then assaulted my core. First he lapped at me, running his tongue from the base of my cunt all the way to the clit, flexing and waggling that magicmaker. Then, he began to suck on my clit, driving me absolutely crazy. My nub was rock hard now, sensitive to every little attention of his tongue. "God."

"Oh, you don't have to refer to me as that."

Even his hot breath on me was torturous. My head threw back so hard I actually hit the wall. He didn't look up, just began thrusting his tongue in and out of my virgin pussy, seeming to sense that I hadn't yet been fucked, though I had two hot prospects on my case to solve that little problem. His thumb swirled around it, and with every thrust of his tongue, I began to shriek from the feeling. Every rough tumble against my clit was in time with it. I grabbed the back of his head, and began to shove him closer, grinding into him before I realized myself. I let my nails trail down to his shoulder blades, and then draw them up. The shiver in him transferred to me, and this time I couldn't help but pull him in.

The walls of my pussy clenched in ecstasy, and my eyes rolled back into my head. "Oh fuck yes, Will. God fucking yes."

His tongue continued to lash into me until I stopped gushing come. When he stood, I jumped up, and started kissing and licking his face, making sure he had nothing left of me on him. I grabbed a tissue from the desk and buttoned my pants again. He smiled and started to walk in the other room. "Where do you think you're going?"

There was a look of confusion on him. I pulled his hand from the door and unbuttoned his pants; still hot from what he had done, grinding against him. With his fly undone, and now on my knees, I took out his cock, which was so engorged with blood, it bounced. Jumping back a little, he laughed. I glared up at him, and put my hand at the base of his shaft. My other hand demurely took care of his balls. I slowly began to smother his cock in saliva, licking and kissing my way to the base. Then I pulled my hand away, put it back, and stroked it along his very sensitive shaft. 
