 Warning: This is a sexually explicit story intended for mature audiences. If you are offended by stories of such nature, do not read it. All characters are fictional and not intended to resemble any real people.

*

"I've heard so much about you," The young woman spoke, seeming to hold back a laugh, and making me wonder what kind of stories Lori had told her earlier. "Cumm on in and make yourself at home," She emphasized the pronunciation, serving to further amplify my curiosity.

I followed Lori into an elegant apartment with white shag floors and plush furniture. A fireplace stood along one wall. A rack of electronics and CDs was stacked up against the other. It looked to be the home of a well-to-do mistress.

The name of the young girl was Jenny, I knew, because Lori had introduced us once before. Lori said that Jenny was the one who told her about the milking station. They went together the day before I was milked myself. She also said Jenny was in the audience while I was milked, but I suspected this to be a convenient lie. In any case, the two of them had apparently hit it off well together and met for lunch on two more occasions. Now, Lori was going to introduce me.

"You look good," Jenny spoke to Lori.

"And so do you," She added as she let her eyes roam up and down my naked form.

I stood in the middle of her living room without cover as the two of them remained fully clothed. Jenny instructed me to remain standing as she invited Lori to have a seat down on the plush couch beside her.

"Yes, very good," I noticed her eyes continue to travel up and down my naked form and then stop most distinctly at my waist. "Not quite as good as when I saw you a week ago up on the milking bench, but still very nice."

I wondered if I might have been mistaken about Lori's supposed lie. I also started to wonder what might be in store for me while in this apartment. By now, I knew, Lori was capable of almost anything. After the bar-room scene, I knew she was willing to experiment.

"Rotate," Jenny twirled her finger around in a circle. "Let me get a good look at all of you."

It took me a moment to realize what she meant. I paused, not wanting to obey, but then followed her command. My heart started thumping faster as I worried what this girl might do to me.

"Yes, nice butt!" Jenny spoke excitedly. "Very nice. I really like his ass!"

I completed my turn and then turned again.

"Good sized prick too," Jenny spoke the next time I faced her. "And a nice set of butt cheeks," She said when I faced away.

Her words were enough to make me excited, although I did not show her my full glory. Thankfully, I remained incapable of showing anything. Lori had jerked me off only an hour before, and I was thankful she had. Given the erotic words emulating from Jenny's mouth, I'm sure I would have inflated without the masturbation session.

Jenny looked young, very young. I figure she was still a teenager. Her face was exquisitely beautiful and her body looked superb. She was of Asian descent with maybe a little Hawaiian thrown in, standing at about five feet with a low cut, v-neck shirt that did an excellent job at showing off the small mounds swelling out of her chest. I especially liked the thick head of black hair that flowed nearly all the way down her back. 

"Nice prick" and "nice ass" Jenny told me several more times as I continued to rotate. "I bet he makes for an excellent fuck."

This made me pause. I think my heart even skipped a beat.

"Actually, we haven't," Lori answered. "Fucked, that is. I haven't allowed him to fuck me yet."

"Why not?" Jenny asked in surprise. "With such a nice prick and excellent ass, John looks like a fucking machine."

My heart skipped another beat.

Lori began to tell her all about our many sexual adventures, including the sales girl. Her words made me increasingly embarrassed.

"Well, I think it's about time you give him your pussy as a treat," Jenny finally concluded. "Every male servant deserves a hot little cunt once in a while. Why don't you let him fuck you right now?"

I grew in anticipation. So did my cock, which Jenny immediately noticed.

"See!" She pointed. "John is willing! Why aren't you?"

Lori sighed as she looked down upon me. "It does look rather nice, doesn't it?" She questioned.

"Oh, it does!" Jenny agreed. "It certainly does. Not huge, but certainly not a runt either. John's cock looks as though it can fuel many hours of raw sexual inhibitions."

I agreed with her, and my cock continued to grow hard in order to show it. I couldn't help it! The thought of finally being able to fuck Lori sent a hot thrill of excitement through my body.

"Yes, very nice indeed," Jenny watched me grow to full mast. "Why don't you go into my bedroom and get yourself ready," She suggested. "I have several nighties hanging in the closet. They will be too small for your big tits, of course, but I am sure John won't mind."

Lori giggled.

"You go into the bedroom and prepare yourself," Jenny told her. "Meanwhile, I will prepare John! There's a little game I'd like to play with him."

I wondered what kind of game she meant. I found out as soon as Lori left the room.

Jenny took hold of me. More specifically, she took hold of my cock, grabbing it at the base.

"Oh!" I cried out in surprise.

"Quiet!" Jenny quickly chastised. Her tone changed. She no longer sounded sweet. She suddenly sounded more like a little bitch.

"Follow me," She pulled. "I first need to tie you up."

She pulled me to the back wall. I didn't notice it before, but two shackles hung down of the ceiling. They were recessed into the ceiling, but when she jumped up to grab one of them it descended by a steel cable. It reminding me of a light I used to have in my old garage, located in the middle of the garage and connected by an electrical cord so I could pull it to wherever it was needed. It was just like one of those lights except at the end was a shackle instead of a light.

Jenny grabbed the shackle by one hand and my wrist by the other. She did it fast, and before I knew it I was tied.

"What are you doing?" I started to ask.

"I said quiet!" Jenny spoke in a bitch tone as she took another shackle and my opposite hand. At the same time she let go of my cock and took my wrist. She pulled it up to meet the shackle. Quickly, less than a minute after Lori left the room, she had both my hands tied to overhead shackles.

"You only have one job to do," She then told me as her hand once again grasped tightly around my hard organ. "It is a simple, simple job. You must simply hold out long enough for Lori's return and you can have her."

I didn't understand the meaning behind her words right away. However, a second later, she made it abundantly clear. She explained it with her hand. Jenny started to stroke me.

"Oh, oh, oh," I started to cry out in rhythm to her stroking hand. I couldn't believe it. A total stranger was masturbating me.

She refused to stroke slow or to be gentle. Jenny began pumping on my cock like it was the first cock she had pumped in a week. She first did it with short strokes to make me pre-cumm, and then she started to give me full-length pumps.

"The object of the game for you," She drew up close and whispered into my ear. "John, you must hold out on me. If I fail to make you cumm now, then you will be rewarded with the opportunity to cumm inside of Lori."

I couldn't believe her words! Finally, I was going to get the opportunity to fuck Lori. I had been dreaming about this for the last week.

"But the object of the game for me is to make you cumm now," Jenny dashed my hopes in a flash. "If you cumm before she returns, you will be forced to watch Lori be fucked by another."

Her stroking action increased in strength. I felt too good to be worried about her words.

"Oh, oh, oh!" I continued to cry out while Jenny continued to tell me to keep quiet. Remarkably, I heard nothing from Lori. Despite all the racket I knew I was making, she never called out from the bedroom to ask what the commotion was all about. I suspected she knew exactly what was going on. I figured it was all part of some wild sex game between the two of them, but I couldn't be sure. I also didn't know why Jenny was stroking me, but then I really didn't care either. It felt good! Jenny was a beautiful girl, and she was an excellent masturbator. I wasn't very worried. Given my earlier masturbation session with Lori only about an hour before, I knew it would take Jenny a awhile. She would have to pump on my cock for a long time to get it to cumm.

"Oh, I like it!" She whispered into my ear as she reached around and stroked it. "It's so big! It's so strong! I've wanted to stroke you ever since I first saw you on the milking bench."

I lost all track of time. Maybe it was five minutes. Maybe it was more like ten. I had no idea how long Lori had left us alone. All I knew is that it seemed to take her forever. I wondered what she was doing. She could have changed into at least five or six outfits since Jenny first grabbed my cock.

"Please stop," I started to plead when I started to feel myself approach the edge. "Please Jenny, not so tight!"

Jenny ignored me. Instead, she yelled towards the closed bedroom doors. "How are you doing in there?" She questioned Lori on the opposite side. "I've got John all trussed up! How about you?"

"Just a minute!" Lori yelled back.

Jenny just kept on pumping. She kept masturbating on my cock at a constant, unrelenting rate. I, at the same time, pleaded some more for her to slow down and not to squeeze my hard-on so tight.

"You better hurry up," She yelled back into the bedroom about a minute later. "I don't think John is willing to wait much longer."

I expected Lori to come walking out at any second. I really thought I could hold out, especially since it was so soon after my previous milking, but then it happened. It hit me suddenly and with little warning. I couldn't hold back any longer. I wanted to hold out for the opportunity of finally being able to fuck Lori, but Jenny was too much. She stroked on my cock too expertly. She masturbated me like a mad woman desperate to get a guy to shoot off. Ten or maybe fifteen minutes after Lori left the room, Jenny forced me to eject with her hand.

"Ahmm," Jenny stopped to feel my pulsating cock throb in her hand. I jetted a pulse of sperm onto the floor. And then I spurted another.

"Nice!" She complimented as she alternatively squeezed and then loosened her grip. She pumped on me like she was milking the teat of a cow. In response, my cock continued to throb. I dried cummed as she expertly drew out my orgasm like no woman had ever done before.

"Now it is time for you to do the same inside Lori's cunt."

* * * * *

Lori walked in no more than ten seconds after Jenny finished with me. The timing was perfect; too perfect to be any sort of coincidence. I wondered if Lori had watched or maybe there was some kind of signal, but I had no way of knowing. Besides, my attention was momentarily diverted. Lori walked in wearing the sexiest teddy I have ever seen.

"It doesn't quite fit," She looked down upon herself at the open doorway.

"But it looks great!" Jenny complimented. "Why don't you walk on over here and show John? I'm sure he'll like it!"

The teddy looked incredible! It would have looked great on Jenny, but on Lori's much larger chest it looked even hotter! I couldn't believe she was willing to wear such a skimpy outfit, but then I remembered that I wore even less.

The teddy was a one piece. It was white and several sizes too small for her bountiful chest. Underneath, she wore no bra. I knew she didn't wear a bra by the way her tits stuck out and pointed to the side. Especially sexy were the two small indentations at the furthest protrusion of her chest; the indentations made by her naked nipples poking out against the shear fabric of the teddy. The fabric wasn't shear enough to be transparent, but it might as well have been. I could clearly make out Lori's enormous tits underneath.

I could also see them. I saw a substantial portion of her tits, for the collar of the Teddy plunged most of the way down her chest. It opened in a very wide U-shape, and only two thin straps of fabric extended up and over her shoulders to hold it up. The swelling mounds of her tits looked as though they were about to jump out at any moment.

The bottom looked even better because I don't think she wore one. I couldn't be certain, but I don't think she wore a panty. Her big tits caused the fabric to end prematurely and show more leg than what was designed. Two even higher slits ran up the side, and I saw no hint of panty or a string from a thong bikini show itself.

The teddy looked incredibly sexy, and just when I thought it could get no better it did. Lori took a spin around to reward me with even more eroticism. The bottom of the teddy ended even higher in the rear than it did in front. Looking down, I momentarily glanced at the bottom of her ass cheeks as she spun around. Clearly, she wore no panty. And the back dropped down in a deep U-shape, much deeper than the front. Clearly, she wore no bra either, but then I already knew that.

"Oh Jenny," Lori stepped up to my shackled body. "I like what you did to him."

I was left dumbfounded as I remained naked and tied. Lori walked up close to examine me.

"And John," She turned her attention even closer to me. "I like what I see on you too, and I am willing to bestow upon you a wondrous gift."

She looked me over, especially down at my exposed male features. Lori looked right at my dick, which remained swollen but then started to recede.

"I think it is finally time!" She smiled. "You have been patient with me over the past week, and I think you deserve a reward. I've wanted to say this for a long time, but now I think the time is finally right."

I screamed to myself, knowing what she was about to say. I wanted it too! I wanted it so bad, but not now! Not after the magnificent hand job by Jenny.

"John," Lori looked into my eyes with hunger in her own. She stepped closer and pushed out her chest. Her tits never looked so big or so sexy. Their size caused them to touch my own chest.

"John," She spoke in a sexy voice. "I give you the honor, if you are interested, in engaging in intercourse with me."

I couldn't believe the words I heard. Even though I knew full well what she was going to say the whole time, I still couldn't believe it.

"John," Lori spoke again as though to make sure I understood completely. "I give you the opportunity - provided you are interested - I give you the opportunity to fuck me."

A big smile formed on her face, telling me that she knew. I instantly realized she knew everything that just took place. This was all part of some elaborate plan to cock-tease me.

"I've been wanting you for a long time," Lori continued to tempt me in a sexy voice. "Ever since I first saw your hard-on, I've wanted it. Ever since I first milked your cock, I couldn't help but fantasize it inside me. When I pumped on it, I imagined what it would feel like in my pussy instead. And every time I made it eject, I couldn't help but fantasize what it would feel like to have all that spunk unload into the depths of my cunt instead."

Her words filled me with ecstasy. They drove me with desire. But my body, naturally, refused.

"Don't answer! Lori brought her fingers up to my lips just as I was ready to launch my protest. "Don't voice it in words. Tell me with your body instead. Answer me with your pecker!"

She stepped back again.

"I am completely willing to allow you to experience intercourse with me. I will let you fuck me. All you have to do is to demonstrate that you are ready and able."

She spread her arms wide as though to offer her luscious body to my wanting cock. Desperate as I wanted to fuck Lori over the last week, my cock continued to disobey me. I wanted a hard-on so bad, but my dick refused to give it to me. Instead of hardening, it only grew limp. Jenny had successfully drained my ecstasy.

"Well, what are you waiting for?" Lori started to sound angry. "After all the times your lewd nature has demonstrated itself, can you not produce an erection when I request it?"

I looked down and tried to will it to rise. Then I looked back to Lori and stared at the exposed portion of her big tits. Even the sexy teddy and her nearly naked body were not enough. My cock continued to refuse.

"Some men can only do it with the hand," Jenny insulted me. "Looks like John is one of those men."

"I should say so!" Lori spoke with disgust.

"They're called masturbators," Jenny insulted me further. "They get so used to the hand they can't put it in a cunt."

"You fucking masturbator!" Lori actually yelled at my dismal performance. A look of disappointment and ridicule crossed her face. I almost believed she really was angry, but I knew it was only an act. I never realized Lori had such talented acting abilities.

"That's enough!" Lori turned away. "Oh John, you are a pathetic specimen," She chastised me. "You have the anatomical equipment of a male, but you are incapable of functioning as one. Rest assured you will never get another opportunity to fuck me like the one you have just squandered."

She turned to Jenny. "Is there an actual man available?" She questioned. "I mean, is there a real man anywhere around? I'm looking for a real man instead of this imitation one!"

"As a matter of fact there is," Jenny answered. "One of my slaves just happens to be available if you would like to meet him. His name is Victor, and he is waiting just outside the door."

"Well don't just stand there," Lori turned her anger to Jenny and pretended to chastise her too. "Go get him. Show the man in!"

Jenny let out a big smile and turned towards the door. Meanwhile, Lori turned back to face me.

"Show the real man inside," She spoke as she looked down at my now flaccid penis. "What a pathetic excuse for a male," She told me. "Two gorgeous, sparsely clad women present themselves to you. One of them even asks you to fuck her, and you are unable to comply. Not even another man would look up to you now."

Off in the corner of my eye I saw Jenny open the drawing room doors and a young man walk in. The young man looked to be a teenager, no more than nineteen years old; and he looked handsome and well muscled with a dark tan all over his body. I nearly jumped in shock when I saw he was also nude, completely naked, without the smallest patch of clothing anywhere on his body. He was naked like me, but unlike me he had a cock. And what a cock! Victor was hung like a horse.

Lori did not notice him at first. "You pathetic excuse for a man," She was too busy chastising me instead. "If you only want the hand, then the hand is all you shall have. Morning, noon, and night! I'm going to feed you a diet of goat's milk and then milk it back out of you three times..."

She stopped in mid-sentence after she followed my glare and looked in Jenny's direction.

"Oh my!" Her tone suddenly changed. She stepped back in surprise. "Oh my, my, my!" She looked at him with satisfaction. "What do we have here?"

Jenny lead him inside until Victor stepped down and stood before us. He looked impressive, his cock extended down for what must have been a good six inches. It had plenty of width too. He looked as big in the flaccid state as I was hard. The proximity of my own dick served only to amplify his size further.

"Here we have Victor," Jenny stood beside the man. "As you can see, he's wearing nothing but a cock."

"Oh yes!" Lori answered with a deep breath. "I can see all right!"

"I hope this is what you meant when you said you wanted a real man?" Jenny asked.

"It certainly was!" Lori briefly looked up at his face. "Nice to meet you Victor. Nice to see you, especially when there is so much of you to see."
