 Just a somewhat short true story this time.

Everybody is aged eighteen or over. Names have been changed.

••••••••••

It was about 8:30 pm on an unseasonably warm fall Monday. I was stopped at a traffic light. Traffic was virtually non-existent as I drove through a rundown part of the city dominated by vacant lots and buildings. As I looked at the weeds growing through cracks in the pavement and the dirty buildings with the faint outlines of signage, I recalled a recent story in the local fishwrap about the city council discussing the revitalization of the area.

Then I heard someone lock up their brakes. I looked in my rearview mirror and saw the headlights behind me.

"Oh, shit!" I yelled and involuntarily braced myself.

The impact wasn't as violent as I thought it would be. It still forced my beater 1992 Escort ahead a few feet.

"Aw, dammit!" I swore. "You gotta be kidding me!"

I looked behind me through the rear glass, but I couldn't see the driver.

"Probably on their fucking cell phone," I said out loud

I reached out the window and motioned for them to pull into the parking lot of a long-closed Target store to my left. My car seemed to drive fine. I stopped, shut the engine off, and unbuckled my seatbelt. I was more annoyed than angry. I wasn't worried about the car. It was a piece of junk with over 150,000 miles on it. It was my pizza delivery car, and it had only cost me $900. It had long since paid for itself.

Still, I was ready to unload on the driver for their lousy driving. My car had a big dent in the bumper, but otherwise, it appeared okay.

The driver shakily got out of her car. It was a girl. She looked to be in her late teens or early twenties and stood about 5'6". She was wearing a black Linkin Park tee and leggings which showcased her magnificent figure. Her breasts jiggled slightly as she ran to me.

In the dim light, her face became visible.

My jaw dropped. And suddenly, the accident was all but forgotten.

"Ohmigod, I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! Are you alright?" the girl tearfully asked me. The tears made what little makeup she was wearing run.

"Uh, yeah," I said. "I'm fine. You okay?"

"Yeah. Dammit! I just took my eye off the road for a second to answer my phone," the girl hysterically explained. "My sister called. She's been sick with pneumonia, and she asked me to pick a few things up at the store for her. Oh, please don't call the police!"

I held up my hands to get her to stop.

"Listen, uh...?" I said.

"Chrissy," she sniffed. "Chrissy Johnston."

"Okay, Chrissy," I continued. "My name's George. I'm fine. I'm not upset. Really. The car's a clunker. Forget it. Your car okay?"

We peered at the front of her faded red Honda Civic. It had a scuff mark on the front bumper.

"Yeah, it's alright, I guess" Chrissy nodded, angrily wiping away tears with her hands. She was shaking.

"Dammit!" she yelled. She slammed a tiny fist on her fender in exasperation.

"Just take a deep breath and calm down, huh, Chrissy." I said, putting a hand on her shoulder to comfort her. "It's no biggie. Just pay attention from now on?"

Chrissy nodded. After a few minutes, she had calmed down and had stopped crying. She was even smiling. She gave me her phone number and her insurance information and I gave her mine. She thanked me and hugged me and apologized again before she left. I watched her beautiful ass as she walked slowly to her car.

I got back in my car and sighed. I hoped like hell I'd run into Chrissy Johnston again, but just under better circumstances.

Wishful thinking, George. She's too young, I told myself. She was probably half my age. I decided that if I wasn't in serious pain the next day, I'd cut Chrissy a break and not call her insurance company. Ultimately, neither I nor the car suffered any ill effects.

Several days later, I was working my shift at Domino's. It hadn't been a good one at all, even for a Tuesday, which tended to be a slow day to begin with. We finally got a delivery order. A medium thin crust with extra cheese and a two-liter bottle of Diet Coke. I made the pizza quickly. I looked on the checkout screen and I couldn't recall ever having been to the house before. The store manager, Herb, told me it would be my last delivery of the night. The pizza was out of the oven in less than ten minutes, and the drive to the address on the ticket didn't take much longer. When I got to the door, I knocked and put on my "you're-my-most-favorite-customer-in-the-whole-wide-world" smile as the door opened. To my surprise, it was Chrissy! She was dressed in a purple tank top and skinny jeans.

"Oh, hey, Chrissy!" I said cheerfully. "You doing alright?"

Chrissy looked at me puzzled. I pulled off my cap and her eyes went wide.

"Ohmigod! Sorry, George," she exclaimed with a toothy smile. "I didn't recognize you. You alright?"

"Well, I'm better now," I said as I looked her up and down again. I winced at the cheesiness of the line. But Chrissy just giggled.

"Sorry," I apologized. "Couldn't help it. You're beautiful. Yeah, I'm fine. Honestly. How about you?"

"Yeah," she said. "Just mad at myself. Thanks again for not calling the police. Uh, what's the cost again?"

"$9.99," I replied. Chrissy handed me $13 and told me the rest was mine. I handed her the two-liter and pulled the pizza out of the bag and gave it to her.

"Uh, listen..." Chrissy said as I was about to leave. "You really saved my ass by not calling the police. I've already got four points on my license. Hey, if you're not busy after you get off work, maybe we could hook up? I figure I owe you."

A split-second later, she sasped and covered her mouth.

"Ohmigod! I hope you're not married," she said blushing slightly.

"Nope. Single," I shook my head. "This is actually my last delivery of the night. I've got a bit of cleanup to do at the store. I guess I can be back here in oh... maybe an hour or so?"

"Great!" exclaimed Chrissy. "Let's go out for a beer then. I'm buying."

"You're old enough for that?" I asked skeptically.

"Yeah, silly! I turned twenty-one last month," Chrissy explained.

"Oh," I nodded.

I thought it was too bad Chrissy had ordered a pizza. I would've preferred to take her out to dinner because I don't drink often. I really don't care for the taste of alcohol, and I don't have much of a tolerance for it either. But to be seen with this bombshell, I could tolerate one beer.

"Sounds great," I said. "Thank you."

"Great!" smiled Chrissy. "See you in a bit then."

I hurried back to the store and checked out and did my end-of-shift work. I rushed a little, and Herb asked if I was in a hurry to get somewhere.

"Yup. Got a date," I replied as I swept the lobby. I told him about the traffic accident and that I'd just delivered to the girl who'd hit me.

Herb snickered. "She hot?"

"God, yes!" I said, and gave him a description of Chrissy.

"Bastard!" Herb joshed. "Why can't that shit ever happen to me?"

"What? You really want another ex?" I needled him back. Herb had been divorced three times. Wives #1 (Andrea) and #3 (Nancy) had had cheated on him. Wife #2, Paula, complained constantly. Ned had cheated on her with Nancy. He was also notorious for making passes at women, which led to his nickname, "Horny Herb."

Horny Herb rolled his eyes. He loved women, but he had absolutely no luck in marriage.

"Oh, come on, George! I'm not saying I'd fall in love with her and marry her," he insisted. "I'd just want a piece is all."

"Yeah," I said. "You said the same thing about Paula. Remember? Then you two got married. And you said the same thing about Nancy, too."

Herb didn't know that I'd fucked Andrea a few times toward the end of their marriage while they were separated. She stayed at her mother's place. It was all about the sex, even though Andrea intimated a couple of time about continuing our relationship if she and Herb ever got divorced. She was pretty enough, but I told her I didn't know if it would work personality-wise. I wouldn't have touched Paula with a ten-foot pole. Nancy was a pretty BBW-type, but she didn't like me very much.

"Yeah, but..." he began. And he threw his hands up in exasperation with a "bah!"

There was bad news, however. It was an unseasonably warm fall night, and I'd worked up a healthy sweat taking out trash and sweeping the floor. To make matters worse, I lived about eight miles in the opposite direction. But I remembered that I had a tee and a pair of jeans and socks in my car. My cousin, Matt, was supposed to be in town the week before, and we were going out after I got off work one night. However, his daughter got ill and he couldn't come. I kept forgetting about the clothes.

I made the return drive to Chrissy's home. I tried to fix the hat hair as best as I could and walked to her door and knocked. Chrissy opened it a few seconds later and invited me in.

"Him Chrissy. I forgot to ask how your sister was," I said.

"Oh, Diane's alright, thanks," Chrissy replied. "She's probably going to return to work next week."

"Good," I said. "Listen, Chrissy. Would it be okay if I took a shower first? I'm sweating like crazy and I live way out in Tipton."

"Oh, sure! No problem at all," Chrissy said.

I retrieved the clean clothes from my car and returned to the house. Chrissy led me to the bathroom.

"The washcloths and clean towels are in the cabinet," she told me.

"Thanks," I replied. "I won't be long."

I started the shower and stripped down. Once the water got warm, I stepped under the shower head and lathered up. I was getting hard thinking about Chrissy and hoping a beer wasn't the end of the evening. I rinsed off, then began washing my hair. I was so lost in thought that I didn't hear the bathroom door open. I was in the middle of rinsing the shampoo out when the sliding glass shower door opened, startling me.

"Holy...!" I said with shampoo running down my face. There was Chrissy naked as the day she was born! God, her body was hotter than I imagined! My cock went to full erection. Chrissy looked down and only smiled as she stepped in and hugged and kissed me. Her firm breasts pressed against my chest and my raging hard-on rubbed against her tummy. Chrissy was firm, but not muscular. There was just enough cushion to make her curvy body feel pleasantly smooth in my hands.

"You know, George?" she asked. "I'm not in the mood to go out. My roomie's gone for the night. Besides, it's been over a week and I'm hornier than hell. So let's just stay in, huh?"

I was a little concerned that this blonde beauty who was rubbing herself all over me was old enough to be my daughter. But Chrissy hadn't even asked me how old I was, and if she didn't have a problem, I sure as hell didn't.

"Sounds great, " I said as I kneaded her beautiful ass, making her sigh. "I'm a lover, not a drinker anyway."

Chrissy snickered. I was finished in a couple of minutes. We got out of the shower stall and toweled off and went to her bedroom. Chrissy immediately dropped to her knees and took my hard cock in her mouth and proceeded to drive me wild. Her mouth should've been registered as a dangerous weapon. She spit on it and took it all the way down.

"Ohhh, fuck!" I groaned as Chrissy blew me like a seasoned porn star. "Oh, damn, Chrissy!"

I had to stop her after a few minutes.

"Damn, girl!" I exclaimed exhaling.

"Giving head is sorta my specialty," Chrissy confessed.

I believed her. It was the best blowjob I'd ever gotten. I helped Chrissy to her feet and took her to the bed. Her completely shaved pussy with still damp, and her lips were invitingly puffy.

Chrissy didn't know I love eating pussy. I dove in, licking her hard clit and fingering her. God, she smelled and tasted amazing. As I ate her out, Chrissy moaned and panted. Her hips rose and she ground herself into my face. She was super tight and as hot as a blast furnace inside. I brought her to a screaming, shuddering orgasm.

"Ohhh, fuuuuck!" she yelled as she came.

A few seconds later, Chrissy exhaled and smiled. "Fucking incredible!

"Now fuck me!" she commanded.

"Not yet," I said, as I began working her pussy again. Chrissy panted and convulsed and, at the moment she was about to cum again, I buried my cock in her pussy and began pounding it.

"Oh fuck! Fuuuuuck!" Chrissy screamed. Seconds later, she came again.

I fucked her doggy style next, and then she rode me. Hard! I felt myself on the verge of cumming. I lamented not having worn a condom, and I didn't know whether or not she was on the pill.

"Where?" I asked in a shuddering voice.

Without a word, Chrissy got off me and turned around and deep throated me to orgasm. With a loud groan, I came and shot a huge load down her beautifully filthy throat. She took it all.

About a half hour or so later, we started to fuck again. But before we did, Chrissy brought out a bottle of K-Y.

She got on all fours and I went into her pussy again pumped her hard. I massaged the outside of her asshole with my thumb, causing her to sigh. I grabbed the lube and drizzled some on the crack of her beautiful ass. It dripped down to her back door and I massaged it into her. One finger, then two. She gasped and moaned in pleasure. I pulled out of her pussy, rubbed the head of my cock against her to get it slick, and pushed it in. I could see her face in a mirror. When I entered her, she gasped and whimpered. Her face became a mask of pain and pleasure as I slid deeper and deeper into her bowels. She rubbed her clit furiously.

"Ohhhh! Oh, yeah! Ohhhh, God, fuck that ass, George!" Chrissy whimpered through gritted teeth. "Fuck it!"

I did. She was getting off. At one point, she pulled away from me and told me to lie down and she mounted my hard cock reverse cowgirl. She growled as she slid down on me and began riding me hard. I was on the verge of cumming in about five minutes. I pulled my cock out. She flipped over and I jacked it and came all over her chest as she rubbed her clit and orgasmed again.

"Oh, yeah," she smiled as she exhaled. "Ohhhh, Goddamn!"

I was tired and sweating profusely, but happy. Chrissy sat up and kissed me.

"We got time for a third one?" I asked, hoping I could muster it.

"Yeah," laughed Chrissy in confusion. "Marie won't be home until around 6:30."

"Oh, okay," I replied. "Uh, Chissy? Are you guys...?"

"Mmm-hmm..." nodded Chrissy, knowing what I was getting at.

"You know? I was actually straight when I met her a year ago. I noticed that she hardly hung out with guys, but I never knew she liked girls until I asked her about it. We made out. It was great! I like it, but I prefer men."

While we rested, we talked about our lives and our jobs. Chrissy was a very intelligent, very down to earth young lady. I don't know if it was love at first sight, but I certainly liked her. We fucked again, and she took the last load of the night down her throat. We showered together again and traded phone numbers. I left about 4:00 am. I was tired, sore, and fucked out, but very happy.

Over the next couple of months, Chrissy and I hooked up at least once a week. I met Marie, too. I thought she was a nice girl. With Chrissy's knowledge, we had sex once, which was great even though Marie seemed to lack enthusiasm. We even had a threesome once, but Marie was more interested in Chrissy, who was more interested in me.

Although Chrissy and I liked each other a lot, romantically, I didn't feel a romantic connection. I wasn't sure how to break it to her. It only got worse once my future wife, Tina, and I began getting serious about our relationship. I knew I had to break it off with Chrissy, and I sat her down one night and told her. I expected Chrissy to be a little angry, but she wasn't.

"I didn't see this going long-term either," she confessed. "You're a great guy and I love the sex, but..."

She shook her head sadly and shrugged.

"I hope you don't think I was using you just for the sex, Chrissy," I said. I genuinely thought of her as a friend, and she remains one to this day.

"Oh, no!" she insisted, waving off my concerns. "Not at all! I loved it. I'm just glad we can still be friends. It sounds like you and Tina connected. I really, seriously hope it lasts."

"I hope so, too," I replied. "My track record with relationships with women is..."

I made a disgusted face and shrugged my shoulders.

"I think it might go somewhere," I said. "We're twenty years apart in age, but she... God, Chrissy, it's so hard to explain. It really feels... Well, it feels great."

Chrissy smiled.

"I'm happy for you," she said. "I'd like to meet her, but if it'll cause complications, then maybe it's better if we don't."

Chrissy and I didn't have sex that night. We only talked for a while and she kissed me on the cheek when I left her home.

Mine and Tina's relationship did last obviously. Chrissy and Tina met each other once, and they seemed to get along. Of course, I didn't mention to Tina that Chrissy and I used to be lovers, and Tina's never brought it up. We invited Chrissy to our wedding. She couldn't make it though. We went to her wedding about six months later. She married a great guy named Eugene, and they're as in love as Tina and I. They moved to Columbus soon afterward. Chrissy had a baby girl about a year ago, and in her most recent email, she said they're doing very well.