 Emma was a close friend whom I fancied like mad. Sadly she remained just my BFF. Probably mainly because she was a lesbian! We would talk about relationships, even what we did in them without embarrassment and whenever one of us had a problem the other was always there for them. In many ways I loved her more than anyone I ever had sex with. 

That is not to say that I didn't love my lovers. I did and we had some great times. Just that Emma was the one great unrequited love of my life. She even set me up with her friend Claire once. I knew a bit about Claire and had even seen her once though we had never been introduced. We did however often see each other's pictures on Facebook when we posted on the same items on Emma's page. 

Of course, Emma being Emma didn't just arrange for us to be the only too unattached people at a dinner party or set us up on a blind date together – that was just not her style. Especially not after she won the lottery, the size of the win being something I only discovered a couple of years after the event in question.

I am a keen cyclist and have toured various bits of Europe on my own and sometimes in a group a number of times and sometimes when part of a group I found someone who also felt the need for companionship of the opposite sex, that and a good fuck, as much as I did.

On the whole though, I ended up with better encounters when I toured on my own and let fate take it's course.

Emma didn't believe in fate unless she was in control of it! This despite having won over a million pounds on the national lottery!

Which is what took me to the ferry from Plymouth to Santander with a brand new bicycle that I knew must have cost over two thousand pounds. Emma was if nothing else generous with her new found wealth. I tied my bike up with some padding to ensure it didn't get scratched or otherwise damaged. if the crossing was rough which the forecast predicted. As I did so I was surprised to see another expensive bike, also carefully tied up. I wondered if the owner appreciated it as much as I did mine or was someone with more money than sense? I also thought, I must ride it enough to get some mud on it so it would be less a target for thieves. - A tactic that has stood me in good stead as I still have the bike over ten years on.

Emma had paid for not just the bike but for the ferry and hotel rooms on a tour, the timetable of which would make me work though not quite as hard as I sometimes did if on my own.

While collecting the key to my cabin, I also took an anti-sickness tablet that they were giving out at reception just in case the wind got up above force eight which was about my stomach's limit.

I entered the two berth cabin which was larger than most and hence must have cost Emma quite a bit more than the standard and heard the shower going. "Good idea." I thought and started stripping off, noting that my room mate must also be a cyclist by the pannier bags on one of the two beds.

I was sitting on the other bed with the towel around my shoulders when she came out.

She!!! I had assumed that the Brittany Ferries people had just paired up two cyclists and that I would be sharing with another man.

I wasn't complaining though! She had a towel around her waist, giving me a good view of her small firm breasts. Yes, I noticed her breasts before I looked closely enough at her face to put a name to it.  I am a man. OK? 

Anyway it was only a second later that I recognised her. "Claire! I didn't know you were a cyclist too."

Claire took a second or two longer to respond than I had. "And you must be Dave. Your picture on Facebook doesn't do you justice."

We shook hands and as we did so, the towel around Claire's waist fell to the floor letting me see her neatly trimmed bush. My own sex needless to say was responding to this close proximity with one of the sexiest bodies I had seen in a while and this was not just because she was the first black woman I had seen naked. I would have lusted after that hard toned body whatever colour it was. The tone and lustre of her skin however was the icing on the cake. I forced myself to look at her face in the hope that the evidence of my arousal might fade a little. No chance! Her lips and smile should be classified, "Eighteen" to avoid corrupting youngsters.

Our gaze locked as I said, "I think when we get back, I am going to paddle Emma's backside."

Claire laughed, "I might just hold her down while you do it! Now go and get your shower before we go to the restaurant."

I did so and turning it to cold for longer than was comfortable at the end helped reduce my hard on though not completely.

When I came out Claire noticed and commented, "I was wrong, I thought you were going to be a pervert and masturbate, thinking about me while you were in there."

As I dressed, I admitted that the thought had occurred to me.

We talked so much over lunch that I don't remember what we ate, just that we had a lot more in common than our love of cycling and that Claire had a great sense of humour. She was also extremely intelligent to the point where I would struggle to keep up on occasion. I quickly realised that if she tried to get me to fix a puncture because she didn't know how to do it herself she would by lying through her back teeth.

A combination of gymnastics, circus skills and having been on enough boats in rough weather to not mind unless it was really bad meant I was quite happy either sitting with Claire or walking around despite the fact that the floor didn't seem able to make up it's mind which way horizontal was. Claire was one of the few other people around apart from the crew who was fine and when it came to dinner, there were only a handful of other diners around. We touched often over dinner and I began to have hopes that my desire to consummate our relationship might be fulfilled before the end of our cycling holiday. 

Am I the only one who agonises over when to make a move, worrying that if too early I will get the brush off, too late I will miss the boat?

After we had eaten again, Claire wanted to take to the dance floor. Now I am better than competent but the idea of showing myself up on a severely rolling deck did not appeal. However if this was going to increase my chances of getting to touch what I had viewed earlier I was willing to take that chance!

Claire was more than competent. I learned later that she had danced competitively and done quite well. She made me look far better than I was and at some point I became aware that we were the only ones dancing and that everyone else was just watching us as we made the rolling of the ship part of our dancing.

Eventually after gaining some applause from the small number of fellow passengers who hadn't succumbed to the weather and decided to hide in their cabins till landfall we made our way back to our own cabin. One at a time we made our way to the bathroom to clean our teeth and perform our ablutions before getting ready for bed. About this time, the storm grew in intensity. I later learned that if they had expected it to get this bad the sailing would have been cancelled. 

Something was crashing about on the car decks and with the lack of clarity that being in lust brings on I wondered if my new bike would be safe. 

Just as when we first met, Claire didn't seem bothered by my gaze as she undressed and then put on a long t-shirt in preparation for going to bed. Once I would have taken this as an invitation but about five years earlier, a naked girl I was sharing a tent with slapped me in the face when I suggested a fuck, pointing out that being a naturist and comfortable with her body doesn't make a girl a slut. We managed to get over that start and become friends but I never did get to fuck her!

We did kiss however and I thanked Claire for a wonderful day and evening.

At some point I slept but only after an interminable amount of thinking about what it would be like to have Claire's naked body pressed against mine, my cock sliding in and out of her beautiful body.

I awoke with a bang, I had just been tipped out of bed by the rolling of the ship. 

When I looked up, Claire was looking at me, fear and amusement fighting for domination on her face. "Is that what your parents had to do? Tip you out of bed in the morning to get you to wake up?"

I tried to come up with a smart answer but I am not at my best when woken by being tipped out of bed and failed. What I did realise after only a few seconds was that something sounded different. Only one of the engines was running. Huge engines, each the size of some of the trucks on the ship produced a constant throb that could be heard or felt anywhere on board. The journey was going to be a lot longer than the twenty four hours it had taken last time I made it.

I said as much to Claire and, (I told you she was smart) she replied, "I worked that out half an hour or more ago and have been calling you ever since! Come here and hold me, I am really scared."

I was impressed. If I was that scared I wouldn't be making jokes or even able to think clearly enough to make them. Maybe I wasn't sensible enough to be scared?

We tried for a short while but those bunks are so small one of us was going to be hanging their ass off the edge of the bed the whole time so we pulled the mattresses off the beds and put them together on the floor.

Claire clung to me and I could feel myself growing hard where I was pressing against her body, the t-shirt having ridden up above her hips. I could also feel her nipples pressing against my chest through the thin material. 

While I was enjoying the sensations of feeling her body against mine, I wasn't really thinking about sex until I felt her hand take hold of my rod. "Doesn't this thing ever go down?"

I was awake this time. "Slander! You must have seen it when I was tipped out of bed."

"Well that must be the only time it has been down since we met!"

"Look, if any time you see me with someone as beautiful as you with their body curled around mine and it isn't reacting will you call an ambulance because I will be pretty close to death. Besides" I said, squeezing an erect nipple through the cotton, "That isn't the only thing that has an increased blood flow through it at the moment."

"Well, what do you expect with that thing pressing against my clitoris and rubbing every time I move?"

I hadn't realised exactly where I was pressed up against in my tired state and had assumed that I was just pressing against her legs or belly. The knowledge of where my cock was pressing increased the blood flow still further. I was also aware of pre-cum leaking from the eye of the trouser snake.

Almost clocking me in the face with an arm, Claire removed the t-shirt as she said, "Let's see if this helps it go down."

She moved her hips a little to give herself a little more space and taking me in hand started rubbing my head up and down her slit, the fluid I was producing making it slide easily against her opening.

Our mouths locked and my own hands reached up for her breasts and nipples. I don't think I had ever been so hard in my life before. After a while, Claire rolled me onto my back and lined my cock up against her cunt and I suspect she intended to ease herself onto me but a change in the motion of the vessel meant that I was engulfed in one quick motion. I felt fluid pouring on to my thighs. I wasn't sure but later I saw the blood. Claire had been a virgin!

"Fuck!"

"That is the right word I think."

"Smart ass, fuck that hurt. Give me a minute to get used to you."

"Or an hour or five." I thought.

The pitch and yaw was violent enough to provide enough movement and stimulation for both of us for a while and it must have been ten minutes before Claire started to actively move her hips in a slow rhythm that matched that of the sea, her body being forced up against mine. 

I became aware of my impending orgasm and reached between our bodies to play with her clitoris. I was soon rewarded with a gasp, "Yes, keep doing that!"

I was getting closer. "Where do yo want me to cum?"

"As deep inside me as you can!" She answered as her torso crashed down on me again. I felt her vaginal muscles clamp down so hard it hurt a little and then my own orgasm joined hers and we both cried out, signalling our release.

Eventually, her cunt stopped it's pulsing having milked the last drop of my seed. Claire continued to lay down on top of me and I remained inside her glorious sex. We slept like that for I don't know how long but, the worst of the storm had blown itself out by then leaving a heavy swell. I was desperate for a piss and so apparently was Claire. "I need to pee. Do you think we could both fit in the shower at once?"

"Not easily." I thought but I was willing to give it a go. "We won't know until we try." I laughed. At about this point Claire reluctantly disengaged her body from my own and I looked down for the first time. I was covered in a mixture of dried blood and sex juices from my chest down to my knees. How the fuck did it manage to spread itself that far?

A minute or two later we were both squeezed tightly against each other in the small cubicle and we let our bladders void together. Then in a scene which could have come from an x-rated Ealing comedy, we washed each other, the one doing the washing always with their back pressed hard against the side of the cubicle.

When finally we were clean, we left the shower to dry each other. Claire laughed when she saw the mess we had made on the sheets, "Well they will certainly know what we were doing!" She gave an affectionate squeeze to my cock and said, "If I wasn't still a little sore, I would suggest you put this monster inside me again, but maybe we should eat first and find out what is happening."

It turned out we had slept through the announcement telling us about the estimated 3½ days for the journey. There were no tugs to help us because of other shipping in bigger trouble. There was no danger of them running short of food for us as so many people were seasick and unable to eat. We were the only ones in the dining area as we consumed a late breakfast. The waitress who spoke with a strong Basque accent commented in a slightly flirty way how fresh we looked and how we must have been the only ones on board who got a good night's sleep. I replied that it must be clean healthy living. Claire giggled and squeezed my cock under the table.

The waitress was more on the ball than I would have expected given how much work the crew must have done to make the place presentable after the storm. She said something in Basque that I didn't catch and to my astonishment Claire answered her in the same language. She clearly hadn't expected to be understood as she blushed deeply or maybe it is whatever Claire said in reply that she would never tell me afterwards. Though when we returned to the room it was the same as when we first saw it, no evidence of our activities.

I can get by in either Castillian Spanish or Catalan but Claire was the first non native fluent Basque speaker I had ever met.

Had it not been for all the sex, I would have put on a lot of weight by the time we arrived at Santander and my tongue muscles were a lot stronger too after all, why should Claire go without an orgasm just because she was a bit sore.

Pushing our bikes up the ramp was interesting after three days of walking on a rolling deck, cycling was much easier! I knew where to find the hotel we had been booked into with a luxury suite. I couldn't afford even broom cupboard there if I was paying for myself!

As well as the champagne on ice, there were two envelopes on the bed, one with each of our names, in Emma's handwriting. Claire refused to tell me what was on the note in hers so I kept mine secret as well. Mine read, "I hope you enjoyed the crossing, be gentle with Claire as she is still a virgin.

Emma xxx."

Whatever was in Claire's letter was equally amusing as we both broke into fits of laughter at the same time.

Let me know if you would like me to write about what happened when Emma got her back side paddled for setting us up in this devious manner.