 When there is time, I have always taken ferries, going to engage artists or to participate in language-teaching events. Ferries are excellent for erotic encounters, as I can attest from personal experience and as others have reported to me. So, feeling once more the urge to write about such things, I am launching a craft of my own to carry some of these seaborne adventures, which seem always to have an element of service, sometimes initially altruistic but ultimately making the satisfaction mutual. As was the case with my initiation of a sweet young man I will call Mark, 25 years ago.

1

Hull to Rotterdam, autumn. Part of the pleasure was the sumptuous buffet included in the fare, and I was savouring the meal when the young man courteously asked, in an American accent, if he could join me. He was short in stature but neatly made, quite muscular inside the short-sleeved blue shirt and jeans. He was pale, with ash-blonde hair cut close, pale blue eyes and a complexion so smooth it suggested he hardly needed to shave.

We quickly began to converse, partly because he seemed to need some human contact, even reassurance. It soon emerged that he was travelling to his wedding in the Netherlands, and I guessed that much as he was overjoyed about the forthcoming union, he was also apprehensive about it for some reason.. He and Toos (pronounced Toe-sh, she was Dutch) were postdocs in some rarefied, pioneering field of physics, and had met when she was studying at his college in the USA. They were going to work together at CERN, the respected research centre in Geneva. They were in their mid-twenties, the period of maximum productivity in the manipulation of creative particle mathematics. 

So, why the apprehension? The quantum world was all before them and they were going to take it by storm. It was clear that their relationship was not derived entirely from mutual intellectual admiration, but the first clue about the possible rift in the lute came when he said shyly, 'We know a heck of a lot of string theory but nothing about marriage.'

'Aha,' I said, 'Plenty about bosons but nothing about bosoms.'

'Yeah. We spent our teenage years in the lab and the library.'

'Making equations and not making out?'

'Yeah. We've read up the theory and we know the physiology, but - '

'You've not checked each other out at all?'

'Too busy and too shy, I guess. We're about as virgin as you can be.'

'Well,' I said, 'You're going to have a wonderful time getting to learn each other.'

'Not quite like that,' he said. 'We've split the field, as we do with the physics. She's researching and prepping the contraception and I'm supposed to major in the practical work.'

'On the wedding night she'll be preventing the pregnancy, and you'll be showing her all the holds and throws.'

'Yeah. That's about it.'

'I hope you don't mind my putting it bluntly,' I said.

'Go ahead.'

'Are you supposed to be still virgins, then, when the dinner and dance are done?'

'I think she's happy for me to get some help.'

By now we had finished eating and were drinking coffee. It was evident what an unattached woman should offer. I said, 'You must know, Mark, that it's commonplace for a lad to be initiated by an experienced older woman.'

'I know that's supposed to happen sometimes.' Then he blushed a hot pink in his smooth, hairless cheeks. 'Oh, I wasn't asking - wasn't trying to - wasn't hinting -'

'I know you weren't, and why shouldn't you, anyway? You're an attractive young man, and any older, or younger, woman might be ready to assist.'

He was still blushing and stammering. 'It didn't occur to me. You must think me very thoughtless and naïve.'

'The question is, dear Mark, whether or not you might like me to groom you for being a bridegroom, supposing you find me passably attractive, bearing in mind my being ten years older and showing signs of wear and tear.'

Of course, he found it difficult to answer, being shy and unused to such a dialogue. I therefore said, 'I'm going to my cabin now. It's a two-person berth, but I'm alone. This is the number. If you'd like to take advantage of my offer, come along when you're ready. If you don't want to, that's fine. I shan't be offended or chase you round the deck.'

2

Of course, he came, or there would be no further story. When I opened the door to his knock, I observed that he had showered and possibly shaved, though there had been no need of it, as the pink complexion was more the result of embarrassment than the scrapings of a razor. He was wearing a clean shirt and different jeans and was holding a bottle of wine and a box of Belgian chocolates. Quite the gentleman.

Once inside the small space he gave me the plonk and chocs and stood looking away, hands thrust into his back pockets for not knowing what else to do with them. He cleared his throat as if to speak but said nothing. Meanwhile I put the things on the tiny chest of drawers.

I had also had a shower, but was fully dressed again, in blouse and skirt, with the full panoply of underwear beneath - the lesson should surely include negotiating the bra-knicker-stocking assault course, in case Toos would be expecting disrobing.

'Do you and Toos do any kissing?' I asked.

'Oh, yes,' he said, bringing forth his hands, throwing his arms around me and plonking his mouth on mine. Since I was in heels we were much of a height. The kissing was firm and dry and when I slid my tongue between his lips he was startled for a moment, but quickly rallied and returned the favour. He tasted pleasantly of toothpaste. We got into the kissing quite soon, and he even began running his hands up and down my back. I gently massaged the back of his neck and stroked his hair.

After a while we released each other, and I said, 'I suspect Toos usually wears trousers - pants in American - but maybe she will be in a dress for the nuptials?'

'Oh, yes,' he said, 'Her parents are very conventional. She'll have a big white one with all the extras. And her going-away outfit is also a dress, chosen by her mother.'

'Well, then, Mark, she may expect you to take it, and whatever she has underneath, off. I'm presuming you haven't stripped her so far? Right. So you practise on me. I'm wearing the usual garments and they have to come off. Start outside and move inwards.'

He was unsure at first how to remove the top layer, but eventually found the zip at the back, used it, and wondered whether to hoist the frock over my head or drop it to the floor. He chose the former, perhaps to keep it off the deck, and laid it carefully on the top bunk. To my amusement he was averting his gaze, too polite to contemplate me in my skivvies.

'You can look, you know,' I said, 'I'm hoping you'll find the view entrancing and exciting when it comes to the point. A gentleman is allowed to ogle his bride.'

'It's just that you're rather - bigger, than Toos. I'm not sure she wears a...'

'Bra. She may for formal occasions, even if they're not large. Assume she has one.'

This boy was so innocent he didn't seem aware of how most breast-harnesses undo, but he was a scientist and did the research. Touchingly, he havered, then unlatched, drew it off with tender care, laid it on the bunk and forced his gaze back to my bosom.

He studied it for some time, intrigued, and I said, 'You must at least have seen photos or films of bare breasts, and mine are quite ordinary.'

'Images, yes,' he said, 'But these are real-life. They're a bit - '

'Daunting? Yes, I think many men find that, especially the nipples - they're so big and wrinkly, and they grow if it's chilly, which is a bit alarming. And what are you supposed to do with them?'

'Well, I do know the, er, nipples are sensitive and like being, er -'

'Try them, maybe?'

Tentatively he began to stroke, as if caressing a couple of kittens, but it felt pleasant. 'Remember, they're made for sucking,' I told him.

Blushing deeper pink he brought his lips to bear on the right one, and was rewarded with its swelling between his lips, which actually excited him. I think we are programmed by instinct to find nipplerection exciting. I love to see other women's nips harden, just as most heterosexual men do.

'Whatever the size, they all like that,' I said. 'And they can show you the state of a woman's arousal, so you need to keep an eye on them. Now, let's assume we're ready to move on. Here she is, bare to the waist. What next?'

Hesitantly he took hold of the waist-band of the nylon slip and wondered whether to hoist it upwards or draw it downwards. Faced with the prospect of manoeuverng it over the prominences above he decided on lowering rather than raising and soon had it round my ankles. I lifted my feet to help and he laid it carefully beside the bra.

'At some point,' I said, 'You need to strip yourself. Toos may eventually be keen to do that, but let's assume she's not ready the first time.'

He was embarrassed, poor fellow, but determined, and soon had his few garments piled next to mine. Of course, he was shy about his genitals coming into view, and I noted that he was not, yet, more than partly hard. We would be able to do something about that.

'It was easier in pre-panty times,' I said, 'But, as you see, those need to come off shortly, but I advise going for the stockings first. Toos will surely be hosed, but whether like this or with what we English call tights, I can't predict. If it's those, it'll be easier, as there'll be only one garment - '

'She doesn't wear panty-hose,' he said. 'She says they're unhealthy. I do know that.'

'Okay, there's three items to go at, then. Start with the stockings.'

Like many novices, Mark was puzzled for a moment by the catches which hold the stocking-welt to the suspender. But he worked it out, and was soon peeling off the stockings. 

'A choice now,' I told him. 'You can extract the garter-belt, or go straight for the panties. I recommend leaving those till last. Toos will probably prefer the final revelation to come last, and most men, too, like to delay the seventh veil.'

It is a fiddly business, getting the suspenders out of the knickers, but Mark was wisely not in a hurry, content to perform this new experiment methodically. 

Naturally, the extraction of the garment from the panties gave glimpses of the scenery within them, and I observed a stiffening of his cock. Anticipation was doing its work.

'Of course,' I said, 'This is easier standing up. It's more awkward if the woman is lying down, but you and Toos may be horizontal by now. You'll just have to ask her to lift her hips. So, I'll get on the bunk and you can practise getting them off. I suggest you climb on from the end to get set.'

We were soon in position. I waited for him to say, 'Can you raise your -' He was too shy to be specific, so I lifted my bottom, and he drew the knickers down and off.

I opened my legs and instructed him, 'You've probably seen photos or videos of pussies, but investigating for real is different. Don't hesitate. You need to know all about a woman's anatomy. No two are the same, but they all conform to the same design. Have a look at those wrinkly lips. Those are the inner ones, just protruding from the outer ones. Go ahead and open them. That's right. You won't hurt me. I think you're naturally a gentle man, which is good.her At the lower end is entrance, where you're going shortly. But go to the upper end of slit, because there is the key to marital joy and happiness.

'We read about that,' he said, gazing fascinated. The clitoris, right?'

'That's it. You'll need to learn how Toos responds best to how you caress it. A soft finger-tip or a vigorous lick, or both. You'll have a wonderful time finding out what gives her 

Ever the gentleman, he asked, 'What would you like me to do?'

I said, 'Don't worry about that for the moment. The other important thing is to make sure she's good and wet. Because going into a woman, especially a virgin, who isn't ready can be very painful for her. Now, as you can see, I'm pretty well, because I'm excited by what we're doing and the prospect of your being inside me. Taking your virginity is a novel and arousing event for me. So let's get you in there, because you'll probably come pretty quickly, and you need to find out what it feels like to come inside a vagina.'

I spread my knees wide and drew him towards me, and reached for his penis, which was good and rigid now. It was a little below average size, I thought, guiding it towards my well-lubricated cunt. And in it went.

He let out a little gasp as he slid home, and I said, 'Nothing like it, is there? Many folks tell me that's the greatest feeling in the world, short of the orgasm itself. Now you just need to move in and out, follow your instianct. All animals know to do to that.'

I took his smooth, tight bottom in my palms and pulled him into me. He understood, and began to slide in and out, as if knowing already what to do, as most cock-owners do

I could sense the final hardening, so said, 'You're going to come now, Mark. Let go, push hard, right to the end. That's the way.' And he came, shuddering and grunting shrilly.

Rather to my surprise, I came, too. It was, as I had said, exciting to give a young man's his first fuck, to absorb his first intra-vaginal orgasm. I let him know, saying, 'That's so good, Mark, so good. I came, too.'

He lay on my breasts, panting and spent, and when his cock shrank and slipped out he uttered a little whimper, and I said, 'Yes, it's sad when it's over. But it can soon happen again. Toos may not come the first, however good you are with fingers and tongue, because she'll probably be anxious, even apprehensive. But if you're patient and try again she'll settle into it. You'll soon be had again.'

As, indeed, he was, and without more ado we slipped him in, and rocked him to his second climax. Later, there was more, and in a few hours he was able to pleasure me most agreeably, and I thought the omens were good for his union with Toos.