 The second ferry story was told me by a sweet Indian transsexual called Pushpa. Whose name I especially relished, because if there was one thing she could do it was push. In fact there were many other things she could do, too, including holding me in her arms, embedded within me, still erect after having come twice. We were, in fact, waiting for her to be ready to push again. Since she was above average size I was enjoying the feel of her inside me.

1

Sadly, the ferry no longer runs from Harwich to Hamburg, but Pushpa recalled an especially happy overnight on it. She boarded as soon as possible, inspected her cabin, and went on deck to enjoy the summer evening, the sights and sounds of the port and the salty air.

Pushpa had just achieved the fulfilment of her transition, and she was so delighted with her fully developed breasts and her exquisitely rounded bottom that she had to stop herself constantly checking them out in mirrors, and wearing revealing tops to display her impressive cleavage. So, she was full of contentment and confidence, which made her acutely aware of the scene and her fellow passengers.

Next to her was a woman grasping the rail either side of the impressive bosom propped on the woodwork. She was apparently gazing into the distance through close-fitting sunglasses. Pushpa perceived that this lady was aware of her, though there was no turning of the head. Pushpa also sensed that she should wait to be addressed, and that something interesting might eventuate.

The woman's first utterance, still without turnng her head, was unusual. 'Would you mind taking me to the dining-room?'

'No, I'd be glad to be of assistance,' Pushpa replied, wondering what was the reason for this request. 

'I'm blind, you see,' said the woman, and repeated, 'I'm blind. You see.'

'I'll be glad to take you,' Pushpa said, registering that the profile view certainly made her to want to 'take' this woman, though that might also be to take advantage.

The woman now turned, held out a hand, and said, 'I'm Helga.' 

Pushpa took the hand and said her name.

Helga was altogether on a larger scale than Pushpa, taller, bustier, broader in the hips. Her eyes were concealed behind dark glasses, and her grey hair was so short it was almost a crew-cut. Pushpa felt free to indulge in a thorough inspection, while Helga held onto her hand, saying, 'Thank you. I'll be safe with you.'

'How do you know that?' Pushpa asked.

'You get to read people by their voices and hands.' She gripped and released :Pushpa's hand. 'There are people who want to take advantage, but I can spot them.'

'You're on your own, then?'

'Yes. I often make this crossing. My sister puts me on the boat, and I'm collected at the other end. On board I ask people to guide me. I have interesting adventures this way, too.'

Pushpa wondered at the nature of those, but said, 'It's a good way of meeting people, I imagine.'

'Yes, it is, so long as they don't mind talking a lot and letting me get close. If you can't see you have to communicate through the other senses, which is sometimes surprising to others, even shocking. But I don't think you'll be put out at all.'

'I hope not. I have my own reasons for wanting to talk and get close.' She risked adding, 'Perhaps you'll be the one surprised, or shocked.'

Helga laughed. 'I'm pretty much shockproof after fifty years living without sight.'

Pushpa felt bound to say, 'I'm twenty-nine.'

Helga said, 'Thank you. Will you tell me about yourself? I ask blunt questions, you'll find, like What do you look like?'

'I'm smaller than you, in all dimensions, and as I'm Indian I have dark skin and black hair. I'm a university maths teacher, going to give a paper at a conference in Berlin.'

'I am quite a big woman, aren't I? Bit too big, thanks to the meals on this ship. Though if you're sightless you never really know your appearance. You can feel yourself all over, of course, and compare yourself to anyone else you can feel all over.'

This suggested that Helga actually had done this, and presumably with women. She went on, 'I told you I was blunt. How would you describe me, Pushpa?'

'You are quite a big woman, yes. In that tight jersey dress your figure is emphasised. You have impressive breasts and a sizeable behind. I can see the outlines of your underwear, in fact. Your complexion is pale and you have prominent cheek-bones and a straight nose. Your mouth is broad and pink, with big lips.'

'That confirms what others have said. My sister told me about the underwear, but I'm not troubled. Some people even like it, I've found.'

Encouraged by the candour of this conversation Pushpa said, 'I like it.'

'You do? Why is that?'

Pushpa decided to take the risk. 'Because I can imagine taking it off.'

Helga laughed. 'Well now, that's intriguing. I told you I have interesting adventures.'

What did that portend? Was Helga confirming she was open to feeling someone all over, and being felt in turn? Pushpa decided not to press the point at this stage, but to wait and see what followed. Instead she said, 'Why do you often make this crossing?'

'I'm an interpreter. I sit in a booth with earphones and a microphone and turn what I hear in one language into another, as the speakers talk. I'm on my way to Berlin, too, to a trade convention. I don't need to be able to see, just to listen.'

'How many languages do you speak?'

'Six. I was brought up in Stuttgart, so I started with German and French, and I'm most often using those, but I can do others, too.'

'Your English is perfect.'

'It should be, since I live mostly with my sister in the UK. She was married to an Englishman, and when he died she stayed on. Do you have a partner, Pushpa?'

'Not at the moment. I did have one, but that finished.' Pushpa could have given the name, Celia, but hesitated.

Laura said, 'We seem to be getting on well, so another blunt question. May I embrace you? I want to know more about your body.'

'I would like that,' Pushpa assured her, and Laura reached for her, found her upper arms, and drew her into a tight hug.

'You have good breasts yourself, and your waist is so slim. I would feel your bottom if we were not in public.'

'I would feel yours, likewise.'

'I think we've said a lot without saying,' Laura said. 'Perhaps after dinner.'

This was just what Pushpa was hoping for, though there was, of course, a further, potentially fatal, factor to reveal.

2

Soon it was time to go to dinner, and Pushpa was delighted that Helga took her hand to be conducted down the companionways into the saloon, and they remained close while Pushpa filled plates and cups from the buffet for both of them. Soon they were seated side by side at a small table, alone together.

Pushpa could hardly eat for anticipation, tinged with anxiety that her hopes for the night might not be fulfilled. Helga, meanwhile, devoured a large meal, using her fingers to identify the items on her plate and spearing or shovelling them up with her fork. Eventually she finished with a satisfied sigh, drained her coffee, and said, 'Now,,Pushpa, what next?'

'Can I get you a dessert?'

'Depends what you mean by a dessert.'

'You're playing with me, Helga, aren't you?'

'What dessert would you like, then?'

:Pushpa went for it, 'Bluntly, dear Helga, I want your pussy for my pudding.'

'And you do mean pudding, don't you, Pushpa?'

'How did you know?'

'I felt you when we hugged, but I knew when we first shook hands.'

'How did you know?'

Helga felt under the table for Pushpa's hand. 'Although I can't see, I can feel the gaze. I could tell you were scanning my bust and bum, and I was scanning you with my intuition and instinct, so now I'm going to check If no-one can see under this table.'

'They can't, so go ahead.'

Helga released Pushpa's hand and felt into her lap. 'As I thought. But I'd like to get closer, and since you're wearing a skirt, I'm glad to find, I'm going to get under it. And, oh yes, that is splendid, and a first for me, definitely a new adventure. With a bit more exploring I can probably get into the pants - yes, I'm there. It's gloriously hard, isn't it?'

'Of course it is. And if you go on squeezing like that I shall come.'

'Oh, I'd like that. I've never felt a cocked woman ejaculate. Quite a few men, but yours would be something else. Do you come a lot?'

'Yes, I do, as you'll find out in a minute.'

'I want to feel it splash on my hand, but it would be a bit messy in here, though if I made use of this serviette...'

'Wait a minute, Helga. What about me getting into your pants? I'm longing to feel you, too.'

'Go ahead, my dear. I'm certainly ready for that. I could likely climax, too. Tell me what you're going to do and describe it as you do it. Remember I'm a languager, I do talking instead of looking. I see through your eyes and speech while I feel with my body.'

'I'm reaching under your dress, Helga. You can feel my hand on your thigh. Don't let go of me. I love you holding me. I can reach over your arm, like this. Your legs are bare. I do like that. So, I'm sliding my hand up your thigh. You're trembling. That's lovely. Seeking your knicker-leg. Here it is. Elastic not too tight, so I can get my fingers under. Yes! I'm into your pants. You like that. No pussy hair! Well, that's sweet. Means I can get straight to your lips. They're deep, deep, but half open. And wonderfully slippy. I'm feeling into your vulva. If you move your bottom forward a bit I can find your entry. Yes, there it is. I'm going to put a finger in. Is that all right? Yes, you like it. But I want to get to your clitoris, too.'

'Stop a moment, Pushpa. Let me catch up. If you touch my clitoris I really will orgasm. It's very sensitive, and I'm so charged up.'

'Me, too. Your naked minge is just about too much.'

'My sister shaves it for me, and herself. We like the contact smooth.'

You mean, you and your sister...'

'Oh yes, been doing it since puberty.'

'What about her husband?'

'He was sweet. He did me, too, and the threesomes were something else.'

'Those images will tip me over.'

'Go ahead with my quim now. We don't need to wait till later now we're so near. I think there'll be more in those tight balls of yours for later.'

'Thank you, thank you, Helga. Here I go again in your knickers, then. What size is it? Ah, there it is. It's beautifully hard, and pretty big. I want so much to get my tongue to it.Will you let me, Helga? And will you let my cock into your cunt? Do you mind those words?'

'No, I like them, properly used like that. And of course you're going into my cunt. But right now I want you to come your semen onto my hand, and that will bring me off if you touch my clitoris lightly. Are you going to give me your sperm?'

'Yes! Yes! Here it is.'

'Beautiful. So thick and slippery. Here mine is, too. My clit is on fire. Oh, that feeling, that feeling.'

'Difficult not to cry out and tell everyone. I don't think anyone noticed. My knickers are going to be full when we move.'

'I'm going to have to wipe my hand on them, and I'm going to wipe them on my own, too. I want your semen everywhere. Your hand is wet with me, too, isn't it?'

'Your pants are going to be soaked, too, Helga.'

'Are you ready to move, darling? We'll go to my cabin. I always reserve one for me alone, in case I'm not going to be alone. If we hold hands we'll mix our nectar.'

2

Pushpa guided Helga into the middle of the cabin, turned and shut the door and said, 'Talk to me now. You're in charge.'

'Undress me. Tell me what you see, what you think, what you want to do.'

'Let's have this dress off first. I don't think it's got cunted.'

'I do like to manipulate those sex-words. My pants are so cunty.'

'Over your head with it. Oh, Helga, you are magnificent.'

The fact that Helga was rather over-ripe, extra fleshy filled Pushpa with tenderness. The rounded stomach would be comfortable and comforting to lie on.

'Your breasts are beautiful, so big and so deeply cleavaged. More like chasmed. I just have to put my hand down there. Now I've got to see them. If I hug you and reach round and undo that enormous bra. So, I step back and draw it off. How it clings! Coming away now, letting those amazing bosoms loose, and - oh, Helga, those are the longest nipples I've ever seen, and they're stiffening like little cocks.'

'They're a bit saggy nowadays, I'm afraid. My sister Gerda and I like to push nipples up each other, and then lick them. Maybe yours are long enough for that - I'm going to find out soon. Oh, yes, do suck them. Lovely! But I want you inside me. When I've orgasmed like that I feel empty-cunted until I'm cock-filled.'

'Let's have these soggy knickers off, then. There they go. And there's those charming bare lips. They're already slimed and open for me, aren't they?'

'Yes, lick them, but don't clit me yet. I need fucking first.'

'I have to see your bottom, darling. As I thought, it's spectacular! Like your tits, more chasmed than cleavaged. I could lose my cock between those cheeks and just come.'

'I would like that. I want you to semenise me every possible way. Are you ready to sperm again? I'm going to find out, because I'm going to undress you. Let's have this shirt off. Let me get your bra off. Now I can feel your breasts. They're two good handfuls, aren't they, and good hard nipples. Do you like them sucked? Oh, yes, I can feel that you do. But now that skirt is coming off. And what have we here? You're hard again in those spermy knickers, so let's have them off. You're shaking. That's wonderful. How bottomy are you? Lovely smooth cheeks, and well rounded. Now I'm going to see that eager cock with my hands. I do love to handle them, especially when they're all spermy like this. What a lovely round bulb and the foreskin peeled back to expose it. I'm longing to mouth it, but now I desperately want you inside. Where's the bunk? Thank you - yes, let's do it face to face first, bosom to bosom, which will be a delightful new experience for me Not for you, I'm sure. You're a cuntilist, I can tell. I'll get ready. What do you see?'

'Your lips are parting for me, and glistening with your juice. I'm getting between your legs. Bringing my tool towards that delicious entry. Yes, take me, guide me in.'

'How does it feel? Is it good in there?'

'It's perfect. Feel me slide in slowly. Your lips are lapping round my glans.'

'Yes, I can feel them parting to take you. Your bulb is going further in. Yes, push home, Pushpa. Can you release yet? I think you can. Pump spunk, darling. Keep talking, talk me to climax.'

'It's heavenly inside you, Helga. I can feel your vagina flex and open inwards from the vestibule. Can you feel it do that amazing configuring?'

'Yes, it means I'm preparing to orgasm. Keep moving slowly to bring me on, and when you come I'll go over. Just tell me.'

'Hold my bottom, Helga. I love to have my bottom held when I come. It makes me feel you're totally taking me into your cunny. I'm ready now, I can let it go any time. Are you ready? Shall I do it? You're so wet, you're bathing me in your liquid.'

'Slip your hands under my bum. Yes, like that. Lift me and force yourself further in. Get your tip to my cervix. I want to suck your semen into my womb. That's perfect. Oh, I can feel you stiffening. Tell me!'

'Helga, I'm coming! Coming into you. It's pouring from my balls. Come with me.'

'Yes, yes! Your penis is pulsing, filling me with your jism. Here I go! Aaaah!'

'That's incredible! Your cunt is gripping like a hand, flexing around me.'

'Wonderful, Pushpa. Perfectly in tune. So amazing to feel your breasts on mine and your cock caressing my cervix.'

3

They lay locked in position a while, temporarily satiated, then began to talk again.

'I always enjoy it when the sperm leaks out round the penis and runs down my crack. That's usually when the cock shrinks, but yours hasn't, has it?'

'No, I usually stay hard through several orgasms. It goes a little softer, but hardens up again when I'm ready to go again.'

'I'm loving it in there. Gerda's husband, Grant, could stay up quite a long time after coming but usually slipped out eventually and we would need to get him hard again.'

'You seem to have a rather unusual relationship with your sister..'

'Well, we were always close. There was only eleven months between us, so we were more like twins. We slept together from babies upwards. Our parents thought it was sweet, but they didn't know what we were up to. We learnt to make love together pretty early on and we've never stopped. And it didn't prevent us having other people as well, including three in a bed, when we found someone ready, willing and able. Thanks to our early initiation we've always been uninhibited, free and easy. It would be wonderful if you could join us. Gerda would love it. She'd want to hold your penis when you came into me. I loved to hold Grant when he ejaculated into her.'

'I'm a numbers person, but I like to talk like this, too, and this kind of talk really turns me on. Can you feel me going hard again?'

'Yes, I can. I'm ready again, too. Gerda and I have always climaxed quickly. Grant was amused that we often came before he did. Sometimes he would bring us both off with a few thrusts into each of us, moving between us several times.'

'What would like me to do? I can come again inside you easily, of course, but I think there are other things you'd enjoy.'

'I love to feel the sperm when it comes, with my hands, tits, tummy, bottom. I'd like it between my buttocks, like you said. Will you do that?'

'I'll do anything to give you pleasure, Helga. I'll pull out and you can kneel up for me. That's right. Oh, that bottom. So deep. I'm sliding between those stupendous cheeks. And, yes, I can lose myself in there.'

'I love your cock there, Pushpa. If I reach a hand back between my legs I can feel when you give me your spunk. Can you reach my clitoris, too. Yes, yes. Don't move the finger till you sperm. Oh, I can feel your hardening with my bottom! Do it now, darling.'

'Here it is! And your clit is so hard. Here you come. Oh, you're gripping me with your bottom - incredible!'

'Such a lot, spilling down my crack, warm and wonderful.'

Pushpa had never ejaculated in that situation before and marvelled at how it had increased the great tenderness she was feeling for Helga.

Eventually they moved into a side-by-side embrace. Helga said, 'I like to spread the fluids we made all over our bodies, like this.' She gathered the sperm from her bottom and wiped her vagina with her hand and smeared the stickiness over them. 'Now we can slip and slide and feel even closer. I love to coat my nipples, like this. And you're still hard. That's extraordinary.'

'You're still hard, too, aren't you? Your nipples are like rods, sticking into my tits, and I think your clit is still up, too. Yes, it is.'

'It is, yes, and after a couple of orgasms it's less sensitive, so it likes licking. Would you do that? Do you mind all the cum there?'

'No, and I'd love to lick you off. This bunk's rather narrow but I can get off, turn round and lie the other way, like this. I've never done this with a shaved vulva before. It makes it easier not to have to find the way through the woods.'

'Oh, yes, that's perfect. You know just how to do that. You must have licked off a lot of women. I'm going to hold your cock. It's going stiffer again. I think you can come again. I'm going to take you in my mouth, and if you come it'll set me off.'

Neither could now speak, but they grunted and hummed and moaned to express their enjoyment, and when Pushpa flooded Helga's mouth, Helga's orgasm blossomed under Pushpa's tongue.

4

Pushpa got off the bunk and got back on again so that they could embrace again. Helga said, 'How often can you sperm, darling?'
