 It had been four years since I met him, that night haunted me still. He was leaning against the back of a pick up truck, smoking with his friends.

I had been at a music festival, the bands had finished and it was a short walk back to the campsite. Although it seemed a long walk on unsteady legs after drinking beer all day and enjoying more than the occasional slug of rum out of the hip flasks my friends and I passed around.

As I picked my way across the grass I heard a loud deep laugh ringing out across the night. I looked up and spotted a group of men gathered around a matte black pick up truck. He stood out clearly with his sexy bad boy good looks.

He sported shoulder length dirty blonde wavy hair, a heavy stubble covered his lower jaw and cheek bones. Long legs encased in torn jeans, a relatively tight black t shirt fitting snugly across a firm defined chest. As he inhaled on his cigarette the glow highlighted the lines of his face. His eyes flared with reflected fire as they met mine. A lazy smile crept across his lips.

He stepped forward heading in my direction. His eyes roved down my body, taking in the curve of my hips covered in worn, faded and ripped skinny jeans, a tattered old cut up iron maiden tour shirt straining over my chest. My black hair tumbled down my shoulders.

When he reached me all I could do was stare, like some sort of slack jawed mouth breather. He was achingly attractive close up. I could see how very blue his eyes were close up, my fingers itched to see if the hair on his face was as soft as it looked.

He never said a word just handed me a can of lager, draped his strong arm across my shoulder and started leading us towards the tents. I knew we weren't heading in the right direction for my tent and I wondered if it was a wise move heading to a complete strangers tent with him.

We passed the beer between us as we walked. Taking long swigs, the comfortable silence stretching between us. The heat radiating from his arm and body helping to drive the chill away. I still had goosebumps but I wasn't sure that had anything to do with the cold.

Finally we reached his tent, I admired his taut backside as he bent to undo the zip. He looked over his shoulder and caught me staring, he started to laugh then took my hand in his and tugged me inside.

I fell in an ungainly heap on top of him. We were on top of an airbed, he lay back and looked up at me with smiling eyes. I shifted my legs to straddle him, feeling a large distinct bulge underneath me. I squirmed and started to grind into him enjoying his moans.

I rested my hands on his chest, feeling his solid pecs and chest, hidden from view by his t shirt. I leaned down to meet his lips with my own. Pushing them open and pushing my tongue inside, the kiss was scorching and just a mere taste of what was to come.

His hands encircled my waist under my t shirt, slowly teasing up towards my ribs, lifting my top as they went. He broke the kiss long enough to pull the shirt over my head. His eyes were roaming over the tattoos covering my torso and taking in the sight of my breasts in a black push up bra.

I moved my hands to his face for another kiss as his hands reached around to unclasp my bra and free my breasts to the chilly air. 

He slowly caressed, fingers dancing across my ribs around to the front of my trembling body. His big warm rough hands cupping my c cup breasts. Squeezing and kneading them as I moaned into his mouth. His thumb ran in circular motions over my hard pierced nipples. Ripples of pleasure sped towards my pussy in a direct line.

He trailed the kiss down my jawline and neck. Licking along my collar bone making me shiver above him. His lips travelled farther south down my tattooed cleavage. I arched my back and rode the bulge under my aching needy pussy, feeling the buttons of his fly rubbing against me, I gasped and squirmed with need.

His lips enclosed my left nipple, the wet warmth feeling heavenly on my hard sensitive little nub. He squeezed my right one in-between his fingers and thumb, teasing the piercing as he twisted it. It felt so good the feel of his tongue flicking across it as he sucked, teeth grazing it. He switched nipples repeating the process. I was suddenly aching to have him inside me so badly it hurt.

I pulled free and dismounted, rushing to pull my jeans, docs and thong of as quickly as possible. Whilst watch him pull his t shirt over his head and undo his jeans, pulling them down. His boxers caught on his hard cock causing it to spring back hitting his hard lower abs.

The sight of him laying back made my already soaked pussy start to quiver. I could feel the wetness already running to my thighs. His chest was firm and sculpted but covered in thick blonde hair, his ripped abs led down to a perfect specimen of a cock. He was about six and a half inches long and so thick I knew one of my hands couldn't encircle it.

I moved up his body pausing to give that long hard length a firm lick, stopping to tease the tip and taste the perfect pearl of pre-cum bubbling out of it. I moaned as my tongue swirled around the swollen shiny head. Taking it in my mouth and sucking hard. I felt his hips thrust with a deep moan, upwards, sliding his cock all the way to my throat. I could have sucked him all night but I needed much more.

I scooted up his body, kissing and biting his toned hairy torso as I went. His fingers found my hips and he moved me to where he wanted me. My hand reached down and rubbed him along the length of my dripping cunt. I could feel my juices already running down his length, collecting on my fingers.I lined him up and started to slide down as he thrust up to fill me.

He stretched me out wonderfully filling me like nothing I had ever felt before. If I hadn't been so turned I could never have handled the thickness of him. As it was I had to work to get that thick cock all the way in. It was only just on the right side of too much. As I slid down I my head flew back, my back arched pushing my tits forward.

I felt his hitting my cervix just as I felt his pubic bone. I placed my wet fingers I had dribbled my juices on at his mouth. He breathed in through his nose, sniffing, as he took them between his lips, licking at sucking at the taste of my arousal.

As his tongue moved the length of my fingers, his hands found my tits again. Roughly he squeezed, making my pussy squeeze and clench around him. He drove up into me hard, I gasped and cried out, the black painted nails on my hand scoring the furred skin of his chest.

I blocked my hips back and forth, my clit grinding into him. He found a rhythm to match mine, hitting my cervix and pushing my g spot as we moved. My moans getting louder. Our eyes locked together.

The muscles in my stomach were tensing and twitching as my heart rate increased. I started to feel a spasm deep inside my pussy. The feeling grew as my cries, grunts and moans built. I exploded around him with a yell, he held still fighting for control as thrashed, riding him hard. Juices flowing down the length of him, down his balls. my nails leaving deep red tracks down his chest.

When I started to come down from my orgasm, he reached up for my head pulling me down for another deep kiss. Our lips met, tongues dancing together. He flipped us over. He lay on top of me, still so hard inside me, his weight on his forearms either side of my head. He buried his face in my neck and started to move slowly.

He thrust into me deeply, harder than when I was in control. faster, his hips started slamming into me, pushing me into the airbed. my body started to lose control again, shuddering and shaking as he sped up. I was trying not to scream as he drove me, biting down on his shoulder as wave after wave of pleasure crashed over me. My fingers digging in his back and pulling on his thick hair.

I felt him swelling inside me, as he lost control of his thrusts, moaning almost as loudly as me. At the last second he pulled out of me, his twitching cock gripped in his tight fist.

I bent towards it and wrapped my lips around the tip of him. Tasting myself coating him. Sucking hard as he cried out. With one final jerk and a cry he filled my mouth with exquisite salty cum. spurt after spurt I swallowed it down, savouring the taste. I kept sucking as I bobbed up and down, feeling him quiver in my mouth.

As he started to soften he pulled me off him, his lips met mine. He didn't seem to mind the taste of his spunk in my mouth as his tongue explored me. We both collapsed onto the airbed and he pulled the sleeping bag over us. As we kissed my eyes grew heavy. His strong arm encircled me and I drifted into a deep sleep.

When I awoke I looked across at the softly snoring blonde man snuggled next to me.He was even more breathtaking with his sleep softened features, in the soft morning light. I didn't know his name or anything about him. Yet I still felt the delicious aches where his body had taken me to new heights of pleasure that I could never have imagined.

I'm ashamed to say I took the cowards way out. Too scared of what falling for this adonis would do to me, knowing I would be in for a whole world of pain and heartache. I gathered my clothes quietly got dressed and slipped out of the tent into the early morning sunshine and blue skies.

All I left him were memories and a soiled black thong as a token to remember me by. That was four years ago, what could have been will haunt me forever.