 As you read your book, seeing the scenes with your mind's eye, imagining the sensations, you feel very, very wet. 

You sigh, knowing that I'm far away, and you have days yet before you'll see me.

Then, you hear the door open.

You assume it's your roommate, and call out a greeting, but are too wrapped up in the mix of your book and your fantasies to get up.

You don't hear a response, but think little of it.

Then, you feel something.

You turn, and see a cock touching your face.

As you open your mouth in surprise, it darts in, impaling your warm, wet mouth.

You feel my hands covering your face, stroking your hair, flicking your earrings...

Desperate after being deprived for as long as you have been, you start sucking furiously.

Your hands reach up to massage my balls through my jeans, and then to pull those jeans down.

As you do this, I pause, stepping out of my jeans, and then leaping on top of you and pushing against your pussy.

"Hello, my little pussy cat..."

As I thrust on top of you, my hands roam, stroking your hair, twisting your nipples, massaging your breasts...

lean down and breathe into your ear.

"Did you miss me, little pussy cat?" 

You nod and moan at my whisper...

And then gasp, as my hand sneaks down, down, and flicks your clit.

Your whole body arches as you suddenly feel the sensation you've been aching for...

You reach up, frantically pulling my shirt off, and then sitting up just enough to remove yours while I pull your jeans off.

And then, pounding once more, this time my cock and your pussy only being separated by your thin panties...

You moan again as you feel my cock, wet from your mouth, rubbing against your clit, almost pushing into your pussy.

And we kiss, and then my tongue trails over your face, down to your ear where I bite, lick, suck, and breathe until you are squirming...

And then down, my tongue swirling around your nipples, sucking your breasts into my mouth...

Down, trailing across your stomach...

Down to your pussy...

Biting softly, I graze your clit, causing you to spasm...

I pull your panties down with my mouth...

Then, I return, finding your clit, and sucking it into my mouth...

Already gasping and moaning at this, you are utterly unprepared for what is to come...

I begin tonguing your clit, just as if I were playing my instrument...

More than twice a second my tongue flicks across your clit...

Your fingers dig into my shoulders, nails biting deep, as you struggle not to scream...

And then, realizing that there is no one around to hear, you give voice to your pleasure...

Only to scream louder as three fingers dive deep into your pussy, the tonguing continuing unabated...

The fingers pound in, sometime gently caressing, sometimes roughly fucking, but both in beautiful counterpoint to the stream of feeling coming from your clit...

You can feel the rhythm changing, moving like a symphony through different movements...

A crescendo here, rising to a piercing note, echoed in your voice, followed by a brief rest where you gasp for breath, before quietly resuming, building, building...

You can feel your orgasm rising along side my efforts, hoping that you'll make it, urging it along, thrusting your pussy onto my face and hands...

And then...fine.

I pull back, and the wonderful thrumming, the delightful fucking, cease.

You practically scream in frustration, grabbing me and trying to pull me back, but to no avail...

Your eyes plead with me, knowing that there is some price I will demand, and assuring me that you will do anything, anything, to gain your release.

You see me smile, as I recognize the look in your eyes...

And then you gasp, as you feel my cock flick your clit.

Flesh to flesh, the contact was so much more powerful...

You almost come right then and there.

But...

Not quite.

You feel my cock drag across your pussy lips, no longer looking, as your eyes are closed and rolled up into the back of your head, your body arched, trying to garner as much feeling as possible.

And then it ends, and you hear a whisper in your ear.

Only three words...

"Suck, pussy cat..."

You dive for my cock, hoping that my fingers will work their magic if you suck well enough.

But this time, your reward is much greater...

As you suck, you feel my hands around your waist, as I pick you up, turn you, and place your pussy on top of my face.

only have a brief moment of confusion before you feel my tongue once more begin it's wonderful dance with your clit.

by my fingers, you are right back to the wonderful, incredible place you were begging for, except this time, it was even more exquisite, because you had my warm, hard cock in your mouth...

You begin to come almost immediately, screaming around my cock...

You hear me moan with each of your screams, and realize how much it turns me on to feel you scream...

Just in time for a large spurt of my come shoot into your throat.

More and more arrives, more than you've ever felt before, and you swallow it all...

And still my fingers and tongue continue to play you, fingering and tonguing, just like a perfectly tuned instrument, your screams, moans, and gasps an exquisite melody...

How long this continues, you don't know.

A minute, an hour, a day, you wouldn't know.

But eventually, it slows. A diminuendo, down to one last, final note, before the finale.

As you collapse on top of me, I gently pull you up, spin around, and hold you in my arms...

You can feel the sweat on both of us, and cuddle against my arm...

I lean over and whisper in your ear...

"Goodnight, dearest..."

As you fall asleep, naked in my arms...