 The day had been a good one so far, at least in Jon's opinion. Going to the all-day street festival downtown was one of the better ideas he'd come up with for spending time with Mamie, he thought, though he'd probably never admit that to her. They had been dating for a little over three months and things had grown steadily between them from the start. 

Friendship developed first, then innocent flirting that they both seemed to love, and then came that first date. He'd done everything wrong that he could, from spilling his drink all over their dinner table to slipping and falling as they walked out the door, but she didn't seem to care. 

Of course, the fact that he'd made a big joke out of it, acting like a total goof, probably helped ease both of their nerves. More dates followed and soon they were a couple in every sense of the word, pretty much inseparable when their schedules allowed it. They clicked in the intimacy department too, both being somewhat insatiable and always having their hands all over each other. He had to admit, they had a good thing going. 

"Hey! Helloooooo. Anyone home in there?" 

The rap of knuckles against his forehead drew Jon back to the present and he scowled at Mamie, his fingers lightly rubbing the spot on his skin that tingled from her contact. 

"Hey yourself. That hurt, woman. Don't you have better things to do then beat on your boyfriend?" 

Mamie just looked at him, her eyebrows raised and one hand on her hip. 

"Oh, please, you like it when I beat on you and you know it!" 

His scowl turned into a look of disbelief and then he cracked up. When he really thought about it, she was right; it always seemed like their intimacy started when they were goofing around. Sometimes it was wrestling on the floor, or play fighting in the yard, but in the end, they always seemed to end up in the bedroom. 

"Mmmm, that gives me an idea" he said as he suddenly wrapped his arms around her waist and drew her against him, her back to his chest. "All this fun we've been having today has left me a little...energetic" he said playfully against her ear as he placed a kiss against it. "Aren't you feeling it too?" 

Mamie closed her eyes when she felt his warm breath over her skin and leaned her head back against his shoulder, not saying a word. People flowed all around them in the streets and music could be heard in the background. 

"Come on, baby, admit it. It's been almost 6 hours since this morning" he whispered against her neck next. Just thinking about that morning had him wired, his blood pumping through his veins. She'd woken him up with her fingers wrapped around his shaft, slowly stroking it to hardness and then had rewarded him with the feeling of her warm, moist mouth closing over his swollen tip. It had taken everything he could to pry her off and put her on her hands and knees, taking her from behind as hard and as deep as he could. 

"I know it has" she finally whispered "and I feel it too." She slowly swayed against him, her skirt covered rear brushing against the slight bulge in his pants. 

Jon felt himself hardening from that simple touch and a low murmur of appreciation left his lips. 

"That's my girl" he said right before he kissed her neck once then twice. The touch was delicate, just the barest of brushes, but he knew how she felt about neck kisses and what they did to her. Sure enough, he felt her hips sway a little more, pressing against him harder. A tiny moan could be heard from her lips. 

"Jon, we can't" she managed to say, her voice a little hoarse. Those hips hadn't stopped their sway though despite the words. 

"Sure we can" he whispered as he moved his hands from her waist to her hips, his fingers gripping the fabric of her skirt and slowly sliding it up, inch by slow inch. Moving his mouth, he nipped her neck then, reddening her skin. 

That got a deeper moan out of her and her rear pressed back hard into his swollen bulge, causing his mouth to nip a second time. Just then the sound of a little boy could be heard, his voice loudly yelling to his mom to see what that couple was doing. 

It broke the magic of the moment instantly and Mamie managed to pull from his grasp, her fingers lacing with his. 

"Come on!" she hollered to him as she began to move towards the sound of the music. "Let's dance instead!" 

Following her at a run, the two of them wound through the crowd until they reached the little square where dancers pranced around. Soon they were out there with them, dancing and spinning, twisting and turning, their bodies bumping and grinding with every fast song that played. 

Every gaze they shared, every touch they stole, just pushed Jon's desire higher and he could tell it was doing the same to Mamie, especially when she gave him that famous come hither look and bit her lower lip for him. 

When the music finally ended and they stumbled to the side, he pulled her into his arms and brushed a strand of hair from her cheek, his gaze locked on hers. "I need you" he said, his words for her alone. Before she could speak, he claimed her lips in a fierce, dizzying kiss then pulled away slowly. Resting his forehead against hers, he smiled. "I want you." 

"I know you do" she replied, sass in her voice "but you can't have me until we get home." Her hand reached for him then, fingers running lightly down the swollen bulge she could feel in his pants. It twitched under her touch, straining to get out. 

Jon groaned in response, screaming foul in his head. She wasn't playing fair but that didn't surprise him one bit. This was his Mamie after all, a woman who did what she wanted. 

Lifting his head, he was about to grumble at her when his gaze spotted something. A smile crept slowly into place as he stepped back, lacing his fingers with hers. 

"Wanna bet?" he said over his shoulder as he began to drag her back through the crowd, his destination clear in his mind. He began dodging people left and right, ignoring the pull of her hand as she tried to get away. 

"Jon! Damn it, Jon, stop!" she hollered at him but he ignored it, finally dragging her out of the crowd and into a dark alley, moving three quarters of the way down it. 

"Not a chance in hell" he replied finally, giving her one last tug that pulled her into his arms. With speed and strength, he spun and pressed her back against the brick wall, moving forward with her. Chest pressed to her soft breasts, he stared into her eyes for a moment and then smiled. 

"Now you're mine" he whispered right before he kissed her, his lips pressing against hers softly. It was slow and sensual, both falling into it immediately, lips exploring lips and soon tongues dancing with tongues. Her hands clenched his shirt and then his hips, keeping their bodies tight together, and he rocked against her. 

When they finally broke for air, Mamie gasped. "Jon, we can't" she said, glancing towards the mouth of the alleyway, a good distance away. 

"We can" he answered, his hands gripping her hips and spinning her. She barely got her arms up in time, her face now pillowed against her flesh. "We're far enough back that no one will see us if you're quiet." 

He had pressed up against her again, letting her feel how hard he was as his hips rocked against her rear. She moaned softly at the contact and pushed back against him, clearly wanting more despite what she'd said. 

"Don't you want me?" he asked as his lips trailed kisses up her neck, nipping hard twice, his tongue laving over the marked spots. 

"M-more than anything..." she said in reply, her voice shaky. 

"That's my girl" he whispered against her ear as his teeth took her lobe and bit it gently. Reaching down with one hand, he undid his pants and slowly pulled himself free, the moisture on his tip smearing against her skirt. 

"Touch me, Mamie" he said next as his hand reached for one of hers and slowly brought it down, wrapping her fingers around his swollen shaft. "Stroke me to full hardness so I can fuck you." 

The words were dirty but he knew she liked to hear that sort of thing in the heat of the moment, a fact she proved with the deep moan that left her lips. As her hand slowly began to stroke him, palm running his full length before coming back to his tip, his own got to work. 

Raising her skirt slowly, the soft fabric gliding over her skin, he soon bunched it around her waist and held it there. Then his fingers curled around her sexy little panties and gave them a yank, the fabric sliding over her hips and partway down her thighs. 

The minute she felt the cool air on her moist folds, Mamie tightened her grip on him, drawing a deep moan of his own. She held it there for a second then two before finally easing her grip a little and stroking him again, this time faster. 

"Oh, that was naughty, Mamie. So very, very naughty" he purred in her ear, his tongue teasing it. "You will pay for that later." 

She giggled in return and turned her head to look at him over her shoulder. "Big words for a small man" she said, teasing him. Her fingers tightened again in response. 

A growl rumbled from his chest then and he yanked her hips back, forcing her to let go of him and brace both hands against the wall. With a quick smack of his foot, he spread her legs a little for balance and then reached between them, his fingers slowly caressing the length of her moist folds. 

"Oh god..." she said between gasps as his fingers teased her again and again and then began to tap at her swollen clit. Her legs were shaky and her chest was heaving when he finally stepped completely behind her and brought his swollen tip to her entrance, pressing it in. Gripping her hips, he leaned forward and whispered in her ear. 

"It's time to make you mine again, Mamie" he said in a low voice. He flexed his hips and plunged inside her deep, his hips smacking against her rear with force. Two deep moans split the air almost instantly, one anguished and one guttural, but neither noticed it. 

"God...so wet..." Jon could barely voice in words what he felt as her passage surrounded his shaft. "...and all mine." 

He began to move, pulling out until just his tip rested inside Mamie then plunging back in slowly, letting her feel every inch. Soon they had a rhythm going, his thrusts gradually growing faster and harder, her body rocking to meet each one. Moans and groans filled the alleyway as he fucked her, his strong hands never leaving her hips. 

"Jon...oh god...Jon..." Her words were weak and lost to the noise of their coupling almost instantly but he knew what they meant. Snaking a hand in front of her, he lightly began to caress her swollen clit with his fingertips. 

"Come on, Mamie" he whispered. "You can do it. Cum for me." 

Mamie's head dropped down and her panting breaths were audible now, rising higher and higher each time he plunged inside her. 

"Oh god...unnnnhhhh..." she wailed, her body rocking hard under his onslaught, his thrusts pounding against her now as his own need rose. 

His fingers worked furiously against her, circling and circling that sensitive nub, gradually grinding down on it. 

That was all it took for Mamie as her pleasure finally burst, sending fire blazing through her nerves. Her head jerked up, hair flying, and her lips parted as a long low moan fled her body, riding the heels of an explosive climax. 

Jon felt her pussy clench down on his swollen shaft, the gush of juices that washed over his skin drawing a moan of his own into the open, but he never stopped moving against her, not until he'd reached that peak and plunged over it too. 

Slamming into her one last time, his cock plunging as deep as he could drive it, he jerked against her as he began to cum. Each spurt of his hot salty moisture splashed out to coat her from the inside out until finally he had nothing left to give her. 

Silence reigned then, broken only by the harsh gasps of breath each of them was taking as their bodies slowly calmed down. Finally able to think again, Jon slipped out of Mamie's slick confines and drew her panties back up before letting her skirt fall back into place. She turned and leaned against the wall as he tucked himself away next. 

"Holy crap" he finally said as he reached out and brushed his fingertips over her cheek, a smile on his face. "That was..." 

"Indescribable" she answered for him, a lazy smile of her own sliding into place. "Not to mention hot as fucking hell. I can't believe you fucked me in a dirty alleyway!" 

Jon just chuckled and cupped her head, drawing her into a kiss, taking his time with it. When they parted, he nipped her nose. 

"Best idea I had today?" he asked. 

"Damn right it was," she answered. "Now take me home so we can do it again the proper way." 

Taking her hand in his, he led her from the alley and back to their car. 

Jon remembered little of what he saw on their drive home and he wasn't entirely sure how they'd made it there in one piece. Mamie had teased him the entire drive, running her fingers up his inner thigh or raising her skirt and touching herself. She'd even flashed her breasts at him and then pulled him out to run her tongue over his tip, giving him a few quick moments of road head. 

All of the teasing had worked his body into a frenzy again and they barely made it through the front door before they fell into each other's arms for a heated kiss as their hands roamed. Finally Mamie broke away and took his hand, leading him towards the bedroom. 

"Oh no, not yet" he said as he pulled her to a halt in front of the couch. "There's something I have to do first." 

Dropping into a sitting position on the couch, he pulled her down with him. As soon as her butt hit the cushion though, Jon grabbed Mamie and yanked her across his lap, using one arm to pin her to the couch. 

"Jon! What are you doing?" she screeched, trying to pull herself free from his grasp. 

"Oh, I'm just following through on a promise I gave you back in that alley, baby" he murmured, the strength in his arm keeping her from leaving his lap. "You know, the one where I said you'd pay for being naughty?" 

His free hand lifted her skirt, bunching it up around her waist, exposing her panties to his gaze. Running his hand over her rear, he massaged it for a second. 

"Oh, I think I'm going to enjoy this" he whispered more to himself than to her as his fingers slowly dragged her underwear down. Her creamy flesh now stared back at him. 

"Don't you dare!" Mamie hollered, trying harder to break free now. His hand bunched in her shirt, forcing her back down. 

"My, my, someone is a fighter today. I like that" he said with heat in his voice. Then, he slowly raised his free hand and drove it downward, his palm smacking into one cheek. 

Mamie's head jerked up and she let out a bellow of irritation, one that faltered as his hand delivered its second hard spank. Two more followed in rapid succession, reddening her skin some more. 

When the fifth one struck, Mamie's words of protest turned into a tiny moan, one that grew louder when the next one struck. Her body had begun to squirm a little in his lap, her legs shifting together, back and forth. Two more spanks came, these two softer, and her squirming increased. 

"Mmmm, I think maybe someone likes this punishment...don't you?" he asked Mamie as his fingers kneaded her flesh. 

She was resolutely silent so he delivered two more spanks, this time harder, in rapid succession. 

"Oh god...y-yes...I like it..." she moaned, pushing the words out. 

Reaching between her legs then, Jon drew his fingers over her folds, amazed at how wet she'd become. 

"Ooooh, I think we found something else we can enjoy now" he whispered as he leaned down, his lips near her ear. His fingers continued to caress her moist slit, teasing it. 

"Do you want me to fuck you now, Mamie" he asked as one finger slowly slid inside her. "Fuck this little pussy of yours until you cum?" 

She was squirming now, pushing her hips into his finger, wanting more. In response, he slid another one into her, getting a deep moan in return. He slowly began to move them in and out. 

"Tell me, Mamie. What do you want me to do?" His fingers paused as he waited, still buried deep inside her. 

"Unnhhhh...J-jon...please..." 

Giving a little twist, he pumped twice hard. "Yes?" 

"P-please...unnnhhh...p-please fuck me, Jon" 

He pumped his fingers two more times and then slowly drew them out, her moisture clinging to him like a second skin. Wrapping one arm around her waist, he stood and lifted her, slinging her over his shoulder like a fireman carrying a hose. 

"I thought you'd never ask, baby" he murmured as he gave her rear one last swat on his way to the bedroom.