 Julie and Henry found another envelope taped to their door and found the most explosive message yet inside.

THE EB & T BULLETIN

MRS. JULIE SCHAFER AND MR. HENRY JOHNSTONE ENJOYING BREAKFAST AFTER ANOTHER ROMANTIC NIGHT! FROM THE HAPPY SMILES AND SATISFIED EXPRESSIONS, IT APPEARS THAT THE COUPLE CONSUMMATED THEIR AFFAIR LAST NIGHT! WE FEAR THAT MR. SCHAFER IS NOW A CUCKOLD! WE WILL ATTEMPT TO MAKE CONTACT WITH MR. SCHAFER FOR A COMMENT ON THE SITUATION. COULD THERE BE A HENRY AND JULIE JOHNSTONE IN THE FUTURE? 

Henry blew up. "Jesus Christ, this is too much. This is no joke, this is harassment! Somebody is going to pay for it! I've thought about every possibility and there is only one person that knew about the Mabel Synthron hoax who might be doing this - your god damn fucking husband! If I find him I'll beat the shit out of him!"

If Henry had been under more control or had looked down at Julie, he might well have tempered his language and threats aimed at Mark. Standing up, her face a mask of fury as she almost screamed, "Just shut up Henry! You will not use those words talking about my husband! He is an absolutely wonderful man and I love him with all my heart! I've done a horrible thing to him and almost certainly have lost him because of a ghastly mistake I've made. 

"You will speak of him with respect anytime you are around me! I have no idea as to how he could be doing these things, but if, somehow, he is responsible, he certainly has the right to! Now, speak politely if you would like to explain your suspicions! One other thing, he would beat the shit out of you in ten seconds he ever gets you alone after what we did last night!"

Henry stood there, his mouth literally hanging, totally aghast as he saw this raging wildcat with reddened eyes glaring at him. It was like having a pet lapdog suddenly turning into a wolf ready to rend him limb from limb! This submissive woman, who yielded to his will on every occasion, had reached her breaking point and he was in danger of losing her - and her body! He quickly backtracked. "Julie, I didn't mean to offend you! I had no idea that your husband meant so much to you! I'm so upset and distraught over these 'bulletins' that I lost my head. I'm sorry and I'll be more circumspect in the future."

The apology mollified Julie somewhat and she calmed down, but it was noteworthy that Henry's control over her never returned to the level it had been from the time she became his executive assistant. This conflict and his general behavior on the cruise began to undermine the infatuation and respect she had for him. "All right, just keep my feelings about my husband in mind. Now, why do you think that he is responsible for these bulletins?

Whether or not Henry was really contrite or not, he was under control when he answered. "When we decided on that phony bulletin notice about you and Mabel Synthron, it was not put in general distribution. We had one of the printers run off a few copies although we needed only the one to divert your husband's suspicions. I had thought that someone might have gotten hold of one of those extras and decided to fool with me. I'm certain that didn't happen after seeing people at the conference.

"These things obviously are being made right here on the ship - the pictures are current - so it's not someone back at the office. So, who had that first Bulletin and would want to continue harassing us? Your husband!"

"But that would mean that he is on board of this ship!"

"Exactly! I think that the first thing we need to do today is to go down to Guest Relations and look at the passenger list and find his stateroom number! He would have to use his own name because you have to have your passport to register. We'll just have to convince him to stop!"

"Oh god, Henry, I couldn't face him! You...you...you fucked me last night!"

"Yes, and he said that we 'consummated' our relationship last night so he already knows or, at least, assumes that. He can't know for sure, but it was a logical deduction." 

"Well, let's go down and check. I'm afraid that your logic is correct but if you're right, I still don't think that I can face him. He...he said that about being a cuckold. That breaks my heart knowing that it is true."

Across the corridor, Mark was fascinated by what he had heard. He knew that sooner or later - and probably sooner - one or both would figure that he was the Bulletin provider. What really startled him was the way Julie attacked Henry, demanding that he not use derogatory and disrespectful language about her husband. She had no idea that Mark could hear her defense of him, so her words had to be taken at face value. Her remorse and self-condemnation was honest and, obviously, deeply held. Her declaration of her love for him obviously came from her heart. 

Even more, her impassioned and vehement attack on Henry was totally unexpected because it potentially could have a bad impact in the future. She minced no words in that attack, not concerned about any damage it might do to her prospects in her career. This was a very different Julie than the one who accepted anything uttered by Henry as law! Totally unexpected and very interesting!

Julie and Henry arrived at Guest Relations and approached a uniformed agent behind the desk. "Hello, I'm Henry Johnstone in Suite 1640. We have a friend who is supposed to be on board, but we haven't been in contact with him yet. Could you look up his stateroom number for us? Just looking around for him just isn't working! This is a big ship!"

"It certainly is. Let me bring up our passenger list. Ok, what is his name?"

It's Mark...no, Marcus Schafer - I assume want his passport name, not his nickname."

"Correct. Let me see now. We have a Juliet Schafer in 1640 - wait, that's your suite!"

Julie spoke up, "Yes, I'm Julie Schafer and our friend has the same last name. That's how we met!"

The agent looked at her with a questioning look on her face but just said, "Well, I'm sorry but you are the only Schafer on board. Your friend evidently didn't make it or he changed his mind."

Henry tried one more time. "Is this a complete list?"

The agent gave him a peculiar look and replied frostily, "Of course! It's a legal requirement."

"Well, thank you. That certainly explains why we haven't run across him."

The two of them went over and sat down in the Champagne Bar area and just stared at each other. (If they had looked in a chair behind them they would have seen a disguised Mark settle in within earshot!) Julie was the first to speak. "Well, that shot that idea down! I couldn't see how Mark could have gotten on this ship, but it certainly made sense. I think I'm happier this way because, as I said, I honestly don't know how I could have faced him."

"I am really shocked! He's not here under his own name and he can't be here under another name, so that theory is wiped away. If it's not him this is really weird! He at least has a reason to mess things up, but if it's not a joke and not your husband, who the hell can it be? What can be the motive? This has been one screwed up trip so far. Your suitcase has the wrong clothes. My suitcase never shows up. These damn EB & T Bulletins keep showing up! Well, we got our answer here. Let's go up and see more of the ship and then have some lunch."

"That sounds good. I think that I would like to go into the water this afternoon if I can figure out how to wear that suit safely."

Early that afternoon, Mark was listening as Julie and Henry were preparing to head for the pool for the first time. He heard Julie say, "I've been looking forward to this but I'm really worried. This suit just doesn't fit me right and it's more revealing than I've ever worn before. If I stand still and erect, everything is fine. However, look at what happens if I twist sideways" Darn it, both nipples slip out! If I turn my hips, the pants shift and hair shows! I need a very empty part of the pool if I try to swim. As I said yesterday, I may just go in and stand in the water."

With a grin that had been missing on their two days on the ship, Henry commented, "Or you could make all the men's day more exciting and just ignore those little problems! A little nipple slip livens up the libido!"

"Well, I have no plan to raise anyone's libido unless it is yours and you don't seem to need that! Let's go."

They left, wearing the robes provided in the suite, followed a few minutes later by Mark and his omnipresent camera. He finally saw Julie standing on the steps of the main pool and was astounded by the brevity of her suit. He watched her through the camera lens and understood her concerns. The top was just two triangles of cloth that barely covered her breasts and the pants, if you could call them that, were two slightly larger triangles held together, front and back, by a single string. She obviously was very nervous as, holding herself very erect, she worked her way down the steps into the water.

She moved about gingerly, continually checking to see that her breasts were covered. She clearly was uncomfortable and after no more than ten minutes indicated to Henry that she was leaving he water. She lay down on a deck chair and was soon joined by Henry. Mark, seated a row behind them, heard her say, "I just couldn't enjoy it. I should be able to get a suit that fits better in San Juan tomorrow. The water felt good, though."

There was a whirlpool hot tub in front of them and Henry climbed partway up and called back down, "There's no one up here, Julie. You won't have to worry about your suit." 

She promptly joined him and disappeared from Mark's view. He climbed a set of stairs up to the deck and running track above the pool area and found a spot just above the whirlpools. He sat down on the deck, hidden by a light standard, with a perfect view of Julie and Henry relaxing in the hot, bubbling water. He was just above their eye level and a hundred feet or so from them. The whirlpool was seven to eight feet above the pool deck, had a sun shade over them and no one in with them. Perfect conditions for some private playing around time.

There was no sound, of course, but through the telephoto lens, Mark could see Julie shaking her head no while probably giggling at Henry's suggestions. It looked as if she finally shook her head and said something like "Oh, all right!" as she sat up higher and let her breasts rise up above the water. Her suit was completely out of the way and two hard, erect, pink nipples projected upward from the mounds of her breasts. Whatever reluctance had inhibited Julie from exposing her breasts was gone as she flaunted them in the open air.

Mark's camera was busy, of course, and he recorded Henry reaching over and fondling the breasts and tweaking the nipples. Then, taking it a bit further, Henry slid his arm around Julie's back and pulled her onto his knees, raising her out of the water to her waist. Reaching under her arms, he grasped a breast in each hand and floated her out onto the surface of the roiling water. As her body floated upwards until she was flat on the surface, her concerns about her pants proved prescient. They were pulled aside and well over one-half of her triangle of dark pubic hair was exposed. It was a very erotic sight and Mark's cocked hardened despite it being his own wife in that whirlpool!

How long the sex play would have gone on or how far it would have gone couldn't be answered because in a moment of sheer panic, Julie realized that someone else wanted to soak in the bubbly water and was coming up the steps. She quickly ducked her body under the water and frantically got her top in place. Fortunately for her equilibrium, the bubbles clouded the water and she was able to more calmly put her pants back to where they belonged. Nonetheless, her face was still red from embarrassment as they left the whirlpool.

As they hurried back to their suite, she was still upset, asking, "I wonder how much they saw? I know his head was above the rim before I realized he was there! I couldn't hear him over the water noise. The other guy too."

"Don't worry about it Julie. Forget it. He saw your tits! So what? I'm sure he's seen tits before!"

"Damn it, he hadn't seen my tits before! He probably saw my pussy hair too. I just couldn't get myself under the water quickly enough!"

"Oh, come on Julie, the water and playing around was fun wasn't it? We were way up there in the air and above of all those people at the pool. Two guys may have seen your tits and cunt. You'll never see them again and you probably made their day!"

"All right, I guess so. It was fun, but those two guys had better not turn up at dinner." Finally, she giggled, adding, "Actually, they probably never even saw my face!"

"I thought that the whole thing was sexy and it got me hot. Look, we already have our clothes off. Why don't we do something about it?"

"It's the middle of the afternoon for heaven's sake! Let's wait for tonight."

"We can do it then, too. Come on, Julie, I want to fuck you after playing with you in the whirlpool."

There was no reasonable excuse to deny him and, Julie admitted to herself, despite her embarrassment, being seen by those strange men had turned her on after the shock was over. Consequently, twenty minutes after they left the whirlpool, she was on her back with her legs in the air as she directed Henry's hard cock into her cunt. There had been no foreplay, not even kisses, but her vagina was fully lubricated and the cock went in full length with no opposition. Oddly enough, both of them were picturing the same thing - Julie floating on the water, virtually naked, exposed to anyone who happened to look. Julie never had had an exhibitionist inclination, but it seemed to have appeared from somewhere!

Both of them were hot and the cock pistoning in and out of her caused their arousal to mount quickly. It was Julie who began the pre-orgasmic motions first, jerking up at Henry, grinding and twisting against him as she reached orgasm. She held herself rigidly against him as she went off, giving him a perfect target as he pounded into her, finally exploding deep within her, filling her cunt with his cum. 

It's amazing how sated and exhausted a person is after an active bout of fucking. Breath is short, the heart is pounding hard and muscles are weak. Henry collapsed down on Julie before gaining enough strength to roll off. Lying beside her he finally croaked out, "Damn, that was good! You had better keep that suit! It works wonders!" As there had been no foreplay, neither was there any of that Dr. Ruth afterplay. Once again, no cuddling, no loving comments or gestures - just two exhausted and satisfied individuals. Both were pleased with the way things had gone.

After their vigorous exertions it was no surprise that they fell asleep. When they got up it was obvious that there was one thing that was different - Julie had lost any hesitation in walking around the suite completely nude. When she came out of the shower she started to wrap herself in a towel as usual and decided, 'Why bother, he's seen and used everything already! The heck with it! After dressing, they took a pleasant stroll through the Promenade where there were counters offering "fabulous" sales to grab customers at the end of the second "at sea" day. 

They had dinner and were going back down the passageway, pleasantly full and happy about the day's activities and talking about plans for San Juan tomorrow. They hadn't quite gotten to their door when Julie almost shrieked as she saw another envelope taped there. "Oh my god, no! I hoped that there weren't going to be more of those!"

What they didn't know, of course, was that while they were happily fucking and sleeping, Mark was hard at work downloading a large number of sexy pictures of Julie exposed in the whirlpool. That weren't really salacious nor would they be X-rated in what they showed, but they provided real fodder for the EB & T Bulletin - as the two of them were about to discover!

"This is unbelievable! Who the hell is doing this? Obviously it's someone on the ship, but we've ruled out your husband and I'm certain that none of the people I know at the conference are playing a joke on me! It's too damn serious to be a joke anyway. Could your husband have hired someone to do this?"

"Don't be silly. If nothing else, my husband wouldn't have the money to do this. Good heavens, he would have to buy someone a ticket on the ship!"

"Maybe he knew someone who already was on this cruise. Look, I know that that is absurd, but this whole business is off the wall. Well, let's look at what we have this time."

THE EB & T BULLETIN

WE WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH A DOUBLE ISSUE TODAY BECAUSE THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN MRS. JULIE SCHAFER AND MR. HENRY JOHNSTONE IS CLEARLY SHOWN TO BE MORE THAN JUST FRIENDS. WE HAD ASSUMED THAT A MARRIED WOMAN SPENDING A WEEK SLEEPING WITH A TWICE DIVORCED MAN WENT BEYOND FRIENDSHIP, BUT WE WERE NOT PRIVILEGED TO SEE INSIDE THEIR STATEROOM SO WE HAD TO MAKE ASSUMPTIONS. HERE ARE TWO PICTURES DISPLAYING MRS. SCHAFFER'S DELIGHTFUL BODY IN A JACUZZI-TYPE WHIRLPOOL WITH MR. JOHNSTONE'S HELPFUL PARTICIPATION! ENJOY!

The two pictures certainly did show Julie's assets clearly. The first showed her arching up, thrusting her bare breasts out for Henry's edification. The second showed her floating, held up by Henry's firm grasp on those breasts, her legs parted with her dark, curly pubic hair nicely exposed!

"Jesus, how did they get those pictures? We were by ourselves, completely alone above the pool. These were taken from right in front of us... right in front of us! You can see every detail, particularly my hair! You're holding my breasts! It's impossible! I...I...I'm scared!"

"I have no answer for any of this. It seems to be impossible but I keep coming back to the idea of motive and that's your assh..." Stopped by an intense glare he had received from Julie, he continued, "sorry, your husband. Are you certain that he knows about us?" 

"I can't be absolutely certain, of course, but I think so. I don't believe that phony notice fooled him at all. In addition, when he asked me who was going with me, guilt was written on my face. In addition, Mark has a genius level IQ and he knows me like the back of his hand. I'm certain that the biggest mistake I've ever made or probably ever will make is coming on this cruise. Frankly, I was just arrogant enough to think that he would forgive me, but damn if I know why. I gave up that illusion some time ago. Unfortunately, it's too late now and I don't see why Mark would go through all of this trouble. As the Bulletin says, the assumption of adultery is obvious and should be enough for a divorce."

"That's a real shame, Julie. Maybe it won't be that bad."

"I can always hope, but I'm not optimistic. He warned me about choosing career over my marriage and that's what I did. He said that there would be consequences and I ignored him. In any case, I am still scared about this Bulletin thing. Recovering somewhat, she continued with a wry smile, "They did refer to my 'delightful ' body! It's not all bad!"

"Enough of this! We don't know what's going on and right now there's nothing we can do. Look at the bright side. Tomorrow we dock in San Juan and we can get some clothes! For now, that Beatles Revue we wanted to see is on in twenty minutes. Let's go and find some seats."

The following morning after breakfast, Julie and Henry left the ship and found that the information they had been given was accurate - a short distance from the ship was the promised Ralph Lauren factory store! It wasn't of value to Julie, but Henry was in his element. Within a very short time he had a pile of clothes worth hundreds of dollars at the register. Handing his credit card to the clerk he turned to Julie and said with a beaming smile, "I can't believe it! Shirts, pants, underwear, socks. No more washing my damn shorts and socks each night!"
