 Fifty Cent Piece -- Ch. 6

This is the sixth chapter in the 'Fifty Cent Piece' series. The plot thickens! I hope you enjoy it. Do let me know your thoughts as constructive feedback is always appreciated. All rights reserved, © Northern_One, 2013.

It was developing into a bit of a pattern: Anna, or in this case Anna and Sara, would spend the evening with me then at some point I'd pass out and in the small hours wake up and try to piece together what had happened the night before. This morning was no exception, except when I woke up I had a gnawing sense that something was seriously wrong. I looked at my wrist. My watch was gone. I lifted the duvet in the vain hope that it had come undone at some point and was just in the bed. It wasn't but I did find a post-it note. Judging by the tone of the message I assumed it had been left affixed to an intimate part of my anatomy.

Morning, sexy boy.

We thought you'd be sure to find this note if we left it here. Thank you for sharing your wonderful cock with us last night. We hope you enjoyed it as much as we did! We're sure you won't forget our little agreement today but we've borrowed your watch, just in case.

Love and kisses,

Anna and Sara xx

I groaned and turned over, burying my head in the pillow. Of course it had been too good to be true.

* 

There was still no wind to speak of so a sail wasn't an option but I needed to clear my head and think about what I'd got myself into. A bike ride was the next best thing.

I found myself on a narrow, sandy trail that skirted the forest just inland. I'd drunk too much wine and smoked too much grass to consider a serious ride but just being away from the campground and my van would help me think. I didn't know what time it was but there had been no signs of life from the other campers and I hadn't seen a soul since I set off on my bike. It looked like being another sticky, humid day. The air felt thick and close, adding to a sense of building claustrophobia, but cycling along at least meant it felt a little fresher on my face. The cicadas were chirruping away already and tiny acrobatic birds swooped and zipped just in front of me, feasting on the insects stirred up by my movement through the stillness.

The girls had concocted a plan and in my aroused state the night before I'd agreed to it without having as clue what they wanted from me. I knew I couldn't place all the responsibility with the two Scandinavian temptresses but they'd got me that high and that worked up that in the end all I'd been able to think about was emptying my aching balls. The details were a little hazy but as far as I could remember, Anna had an idea for another scam, this time involving Sara and me.

Whilst I was in the pub Anna had been wandering round the shops, in search of an unsuspecting dupe she could seduce and scam. She'd already worked her magic on the guy in the clothes shop but had spotted an old watch in a second-hand shop that she thought could be worth something. I was to check it out in advance , to see if it was the type she thought it was, and then Sara and her would work together to distract the man working there, give him a little thrill, and procure the watch. When I'd asked her why she didn't just buy the watch if it the shop didn't know what it was really worth she'd given me a look one might reserve for a particularly dim-witted child and asked, "but where's the fun in that?"

The previous night it had all seemed illicitly exciting. I couldn't deny that Anna's blatant flaunting of her sexuality was a turn-on; when she'd told me what she'd done to acquire her new outfit I'd got so horny I'd had to drag her into an alleyway and fuck her, and at the cinema, flashing her tits at the poor lad in the kiosk had made me so hard. Behaving like that was so slutty, so incongruous with her perfect appearance. I'd never met anyone so willing to use their body to get what they wanted and it was so taboo, so dirty and immoral that I'd found it ridiculously arousing. To become directly involved in it myself, however, was a different matter. Aside from an occasional dabble with controlled substances I wasn't sure I'd ever actually broken the law. I'd certainly never hustled or scammed anyone. The thought of it, of Anna and Sara flashing, teasing and doing who knew what else was no less arousing, in fact the thought of it generated some stirrings in my shorts, but I couldn't shake the knowledge that at the end of the day, Anna was basically screwing -- who knew, perhaps even literally? -- an innocent party for her own material gain. I stood on the pedals as I rode faster along the track. I reached the crest of a sharp hill and sat back down on the saddle, my pulse quickened, my breathing a little strained. I looked at the endless blue sea on one side, the deep, ancient forest on the other, and mulled over this moral dilemma. Was sex with Anna and Sara worth abandoning my principles and ethics for? I thought of the sight of two blonde beauties pleasuring each other, their tanned bodies, their full tits, their ripe arses, the feel of their soft skin under my hands, their hot, welcoming holes, the ecstasy of my orgasms. As I laid my bike against a tree and slid my shorts down to relieve the tension that even thinking about them caused, I knew the answer. As the thick globules of my sperm splattered onto the sand, my animal grunts of pleasure sullying the unspoilt environment, I knew Anna's spell was too strong. Besides, I needed my watch.

*

By the time I arrived back at the camp ground I felt much better. My hangover was gone and I was excited by the prospect of another of Anna's forbidden capers. The fact that I'd be involved in this one only added to the anticipation.

I freewheeled down the gentle slope into the camp ground and saw a pair of towel-clad females emerging from the shower block. Each of them clutched a wash bag and were chatting away as they walked towards Anna's blue camper van. I made a beeline for them.

"Morning girls," I said cheerily, as I approached. They stopped and looked round.

"Oh, hi Sam," Anna said. Like Sara's her wet hair was brushed back.

"Been saving water again?" I asked.

Both girls laughed mischievously. "Yeah, you should have joined us," Anna said.

"I might have but I woke up alone," I responded. "I hope my watch is safe."

Anna smiled. "You found my note, then? Don't worry Sam, it's quite safe. I take it you still want it back?"

I felt I should try and play it cool. Having spent so much of my life doing what was expected of me and not taking risks I'd decided I quite liked the idea of a bit of danger and was intrigued by the girls' plan. Of course I wanted my watch back but engaging in some nefarious antics was becoming more and more attractive.

I leaned forward on the handlebars and lowered my voice, not that there was anyone around to listen in. "Well yes, but I want to know more about your plan. Shall I come over and we can go through it properly? Are your friends in, it'd be good to meet them at last," I said with a hint of a wink.

Anna looked a touch taken aback by my eagerness and she glanced over her shoulder towards her camper as I moved towards them and it. She suddenly seemed nervous which wasn't like her at all.

"Umm, maybe not right now. We'll come to you. We need to get dressed anyway."

"Maybe I could help?" I laughed. Ever since we'd met my libido had gone into overdrive. I might have just had a wank but the thought of watching Anna and Sara get ready for the day had a certain appeal.

Sara intervened , chuckling as she spoke. "Now now, Sam, good things come to those who wait, isn't that what you say?"

My face must have shown my disappointment.

"Aww, poor Sam," Anna said, her momentary lapse in composure clearly a brief malfunction in her otherwise flawless sex bomb program. "Don't worry, there'll be plenty of time for fun. Go and entertain yourself with your lovely cock."

"Already have," I muttered.

The girls laughed. "You're worse than her," Sara said gleefully, rubbing Anna's back. "I woke up to find her playing this morning!"

This new mental image wasn't helping my now near-constant state of horniness and I looked to the heavens in search of the strength to keep me from begging them to let me indulge myself.

"OK, fine," I sighed. "Come over soon though, I want to know what you need me to do."

Anna beamed at me, undoing her towel to momentarily reveal her naked body before tightening the towel once more. "We'll be there soon baby, don't worry." She kissed my cheek and stroked my groin. Sara kissed the other cheek and winked as she turned away. I headed back to my van to collect my thoughts.

*

It was no surprise that the girls took an age to pay me a visit but when they finally arrived I was treated to what I realised must be their outfits for the big event. They each gave me a kiss and twirled in front of me, asking me how they looked. The poor mark, as I'd learned was con-artist talk for the victim, in the shop Anna had been to didn't stand a chance. Anna was wearing a gossamer-thin yellow vest top and her little white shorts. Both were like a second skin and without a bra every bump around her nipples was protruding through the thin material, as were her delectable nipples themselves. Her shorts revealed the bottom of her delicious bum, so recently invaded by my lethal weapon, and were perfectly moulded to her form, the crisp white material showing off her tan to perfection. I could hardly miss my watch as it hung loosely around her wrist. She had on her new sandals and, of course, the ankle bracelet. I should have becoming used to her appearance, but I wasn't. Sara, if anything, looked even sexier. Like the night before her long golden hair bounced and flowed its way down, past her shoulders giving her an air of voluptuous glamour that was easily matched by her outfit. She had a short, pale blue summer dress with a halter neck that plunged dramatically, revealing a good deal of her wonderful, braless tits. The valley between them was mesmerising and a silver heart on a chain hung just above it, drawing one's eye towards her perfect globes. The dress came to about halfway down her shapely legs and she wore brilliant white plimsolls that somehow made the ensemble almost innocent-looking despite the amount of tanned flesh on show. They could barely contain their own excitement at the naughtiness ahead of them and couldn't resist feeling one another up in front of me. Not surprisingly I had to adjust myself such was the immediate effect they had on me.

"Girls," I said grandly, "you look stunning."

They stood in front of me, smiling radiantly, holding hands, the sun shining down on them like two chosen symbols of femininity. Sara looked at my crotch. "That's just the reaction we were hoping for!" she giggled. I looked down. My adjustment hadn't done much to hide my excitement and a prominent bulge was clearly visible through the canvas of my shorts. I bashfully turned away to make myself decent. "Save it for later!" she laughed.

Once satisfied I didn't look too obvious I turned back, keen to find out exactly what was supposed to happen and where I fitted in. "Okay then, let's get started. Can I get you anything to drink?"

The girls drank their coffees and I sipped my tea. Ever the gentleman I'd given up the two proper chairs to Anna and Sara and I sat on the grass. In one direction was the blue sea, stretching out towards the thin, wispy cloud that sat just above the horizon, in the other were the two girls who had seemingly changed my outlook on life and morality in a matter of days. Anna was running through the plan, such as it was.

"Okay, Sam," she said, "so we need you to visit the shop and check the watch out. There's no point in doing this if it's not worth anything. Make sure you have a good look round, don't be too obvious that it's the watch you're interested in but try and make it easily accessible so we're not rooting around for it." She spoke authoritatively. It didn't sound like the first time she'd done something like this. "If you think it's a good make of watch then you can go for a drink or whatever and we'll take care of the rest," she said, catching Sara's eye as she spoke.

Sara's pout broke into a naughty smile. "Afterwards we'll meet you at your van and you can get your own reward!"

"What do you think you'll have to do in there?" I asked.

Anna laughed and eyed her friend. "Hopefully her tits and my ass will do the trick but if he needs more distracting then we'll see what happens."

"Would you fuck him?" I asked, suddenly a little jealous at the idea of someone else being with either of my sexy little rascals.

Anna looked me straight in the eye and leaned forward, leaning on her knees. "Don't you worry about that, baby," she said. "You do your part and we'll do ours."

I wasn't sure what to make of that. Teasing, flaunting, even wanking or sucking someone off was one thing, in fact it was extremely erotic, but fucking a stranger to effectively steal from him was something else. I tried to put it to the back of my mind. That little nagging fear about our unprotected encounters appeared again. I opened my mouth to finally broach the topic then saw my watch on her wrist and thought better of it. I bit my lip and looked out towards the sea; just as beautiful in its own way but so much less complicated.

"Are you cool, Sam?" Anna asked.

"Yeah, sure," I replied uncertainly.

She knelt beside me, took my hands and looked deeply at me once again. "Good."

Sara appeared beside me. "Relax, sexy boy. It'll be fun! Now, can you roll us something to smoke? I want to be horny and high for this!"

***

Anna told me to park where we had on the day of her first little seduction episode and I now realised it was a good spot to remain unnoticed and with a clear route out of town. As we sat in the hot van, the girls smoking, I was nervous. There was no denying I got off on the fact that Anna was such a slutty little minx and now Sara was revealing herself to be cut from the same cloth but my morals weren't quite as loose as theirs. Obviously it wasn't right to be scamming an innocent party but it wasn't as if I knew him and it was hardly the end of the world if someone lost out on something they didn't really know they had. There was the question of my watch, too. Anna was effectively blackmailing me but somehow it didn't feel that way. I liked the fact that she had found a way to involve me in her plan and she'd obviously worked her magic on Sara, too. Soon enough I'd have my watch back on my own wrist and it wasn't as if I had to do very much, anyway. The girls were chatting in Norwegian and giggling as the grass took effect. They offered me the joint but I declined. My mouth was dry enough with the tension and the last thing I needed was for my thoughts to be even more fogged than they were. I tried to picture myself as a cool, streetwise guy from a heist film. I caught a glimpse of my reflection in the mirror. It didn't help.

Anna stubbed the roach of the joint out in the ashtray and put her hand on my knee. "Are you okay, Sam?" she asked.

I nodded. I realised I was chewing my lip.

"Just relax, all you need to do is check out the watch and let us know. Have you got your phone?"

I nodded again and reached over to the glove compartment to where the phone lay, totally unused in the last week.

"Is it charged?" she asked.

"Yes, I charged it earlier," I said.

"Good boy," she grinned.

I smiled thinly and took a deep breath.

Anna held my hand. "We'll tell you all about it later and you can fuck us any way you like."

Sara laughed. "You're looking stressed, Sam. Would you like to see my tits before you go?" she asked, reaching behind her neck to untie the knot.

I couldn't help but be amused at how brazen she was. "Yes, that sounds good," I laughed as Sara's magnificent breasts were revealed. I leaned over and helped myself to a quick feel before Anna interrupted.

"Right, that's enough! Plenty of time for that later," she said, slapping my bum. "Now get out there and play your part." She wiggled her wrist. I could hear the mechanism winding itself. "I'll have my own one soon!"

*

As I walked round the corner to the shop I smoked a cigarette to try to calm my nerves. I was quite pleased that it tasted revolting -- I didn't really want to start smoking again -- but it gave me something to concentrate on, other than trying to look normal. I passed a couple of people but no one gave me a second glance. I wondered how Anna and Sara could possibly remain so cool when they were the ones in the thick of it. I wasn't sure I was cut out for the high-tension world of petty hustling after all. It was still hot and humid and I looked at the sky to see if there was any sign of a storm coming in. I really wanted to get back out on the water but until the weather broke we were going to have to sweat it out.

*

It was quiet on the street where the shop was and as I crossed the road all I could hear was the clacking sound of my dusty flip flops against the soles of my feet. I neared the shop and flicked my cigarette into the gutter before taking a deep breath and pushing open the door. A bell rang as I went in, my eyes taking a few seconds to adjust to the gloom.

It was a typical second-hand shop. Clothes hung on rails, books on shelves, ornaments and bits and pieces were arranged haphazardly around the place. There was a faintly musty smell of old clothes and dusty boxes. It wasn't an inspiring place. The shop assistant appeared from a room at the back of the shop and walked towards the counter. He said hello and I did likewise. He was a good looking guy, tall and sporty looking with curly dark hair, about my age. Knowing what was in store for him I couldn't help but stare as he tidied his counter. He saw me looking.

"You okay there?" he asked. "Anything I can help you with?" he was a local, or at least a New Zealander. For some reason this made me feel worse about my mission. Ripping off some gullible foreigner with no ties to the place was somehow less troubling than doing it to someone who had their home here. What if he had kids? Someone who relied on him to bring in the money?

I shook my head. "No, just browsing," I said.

He nodded and went back to what he was doing. I realised I was sweating. I looked around for where Anna had told me the watch was and walked straight towards the box of old watches and jewellery before remembering I was supposed to be browsing. My toes curled in embarrassment at the mess I was making of such a simple task and I veered towards the rows of old records along one wall and prayed the guy wasn't watching this shifty English weirdo too closely.

I flicked through a few of the old vinyl LPs and wandered over to the rows of books, leafing through the odd one, doing my best to appear nonchalant. I spent what felt like a respectable amount of time at the books before returning to the drawer of watches and jewellery. It didn't take me long at all to see what Anna had her eye on and I felt a rush of excitement. In amongst the broken junk and cheap jewellery was a heavy steel watch. My knowledge of watches is hardly extensive but I knew enough to recognise the brand name as being one of the less well-known Swiss watchmakers. It was a lovely looking watch and, as far as I could tell, was in decent condition. How the shop manager hadn't spotted its potential value was beyond me. My nerves made me I glance over my shoulder towards the shop assistant. He looked up but didn't speak. I put the watch down on the top of the pile and turned my attention towards the next drawer of junk.

My heart was thumping in my chest. Anna had been right, the watch was probably worth a thousand dollars or more but had been thrown in with worthless bits and pieces. It was hardly my fault they'd missed out. I'd done my bit. The hustle was on. I said goodbye and walked out of the shop.
