 Friends,

Although the Fifty Shades bestsellers involve a D/s relationship and a good deal of BDSM, I am submitting this story in the erotic couplings section, as the hero of my story just uses the books as a way to pick up women for short term relationships, while he is traveling on business. 

In this story, the hero seduces two different women online and sets up in-person dates. I hope the emails described at the beginning of the story aren't confusing. The hero sets up alternate biography's, to meet each women's needs. In other words, it's fiction within fiction.

Comments are welcome.

TSG

*

I was on business in Novi, MI, just west of Detroit. It was the early evening of the first night of a six day business trip. I had finished a nice dinner, but was tired and was heading back to my hotel room, when I decided to stop at a Barnes and Noble. If I couldn't sleep, I wanted something other than the TV to occupy my time.

I was standing at the best sellers section looking over the latest fiction, when a mid-40's women stepped next to me, reached out and grabbed the second book of the now famous "Fifty Shades" trilogy and quickly walked away. Moments later, a young Mom, pushing a baby carriage grabbed the first two "Fifty Shades" books and pushed the carriage toward the checkout line. Less than five minutes passed, when a third, a young professionally dressed and very attractive woman picked out the first of the three books and went to pay for it.

An idea started to form in my mind and percolated over the fifteen minutes it took to get back to the Marriott. Once in my room, I stared my laptop and took some time researching the story line of the Fifty Shades trilogy. I knew the basics, but wanted some detail. I found chat rooms and read first-person reviews and discussions. I spent some time identifying what woman liked best about Christian Grey and Ana Steele, the two main characters.

When I had enough information, I booted up a well known free personal ad website and submitted the following:

"Fifty Shades in Michigan?"

"More mature and less controlling, Christian Grey type, searching for my Ana Steele. I am interested in the possibility of a long term and ongoing friendship. I hope we can have a normal all-American relationship in public and the type of relationship that Christian and Ana had, in private. I am white, 48, 5'10", 185lbs, clean-cut, well educated, professionally employed and experienced in this type of lifestyle. You are interested in an ongoing relationship, are honest and willing to explore your "Ana" side with the right man. Let's trade a couple of emails and see if our needs might match-up."

After setting up a new private email address, I shut down for the night and went to bed.

The next day, a Monday, I was extremely busy. I attended six meetings and in between, typed up notes and followed up on emails and other business. It wasn't until I was driving back to the Marriott and passed Barnes and Noble that I remembered my "Fifty Shades" posting.

I'll admit that I was shocked when I opened my private email account and found a total of eleven email responses. However, it only took a couple of minutes before I realized that all but two were SPAM. 

Barb's email response:

"Hi, I'm Barb and I read all three of the books, while I was on vacation. Well, I actually read them twice. I read your personal ad this morning and have been thinking about it all day and finally have the guts to respond. I'm forty-six; white, married and I live about 20 minutes from Novi. I work in Detroit and pass through Novi driving each way. Although I am married and don't want to change my status, as I do love my husband and children, I need and want something more. Our love making is passive and boring. I doubt you'll be interested in a married woman, because I won't be able to do any regular dating. However, if you think you might be interested in an affair with a married woman, who is eager to learn about D/s, let's talk. BTW -- I am 5'8", white, with dark shoulder length hair. I am a size 12, with curves, a 38 cup size and full hips."

Deb's email response:

"I'm a lot younger than you and am 26. I've known I am a sexual submissive for years. Boys my age think that makes me a slut and they treat me like crap. They spank my ass and just want to screw me. I'm looking for someone who knows how to treat a submissive. I want my limits to be respected, but I want to be pushed. I'm 5'4", 130lbs, cute, dark eyes and hair. I exercise and am in good shape. I hope to hear from you."

I wrote to Deb first:

"Dear Deb, I'm Chris. Thanks for writing. Your age doesn't matter to me and I am excited that you have had some D/s experience. I'm not looking for a 24/7 arrangement. Basically, I'm looking for a friendship outside the bedroom and a willing submissive in private. I have been widowed for three years. While married, my wife and I discovered my Dom and her sub sides. We explored D/s for the entire time we were married. I didn't date immediately after becoming single, but have dated over the last 18 months. I've met some great woman, but all have been vanilla. I want and need more than that. Tell me about what you enjoy about D/s and describe your hard and soft limits. Chris"

And my response to Barb:

"Dear Barb, I'm Chris. Thanks for responding to my ad. Like you, I am married and am not looking to change my situation. My wife and I explored D/s and BDSM until she lost all interest in sex. While my sex drive remains high, hers is in reverse. I am looking for a woman near my age, as I think it's important to have similar life experiences. I'm looking for friendship and not a quick hook-up. I'll admit this is the first time I have explored the possibility of an affair and I'll admit that I am nervous. However, my need to explore a D/s relationship has pushed me to going online and looking for this type of friendship. I will also admit that your inexperience is a turn-on, as I think it will be exciting to teach a novice submissive. Will you share your thoughts about D/s. What turns you on and what doesn't? Chris."

After sending the second email, I took a long shower and rinsed the grim of a long day off. I dressed and was getting ready to head out to dinner, when I heard a beep signaling that I had an email.

It was from Barb:

"Hi Chris. My husband is in his home office, but I'm still nervous about writing. Wow! Nervous and excited. I'm glad that you are willing to teach me and that it's a turn-on for you. I'm not sure how to answer your questions, as my only real experience is just reading Fifty Shades. I'm usually in total control when my husband and I make love. He isn't forceful. He just makes love for a few minutes and is done. My breasts are very sensitive. Every once in a while he pinches my nipple hard. He doesn't mean to, it just happens. It gives me a huge sexual jolt that I love. I wish he would do it more. When we have intercourse, he just makes love, when he is on top. When I get on top, I ride him hard and it feels so good. But he never lasts very long. I just want a guy to take control. It scares me to say it, but it's what I want. Barb."

Rather than going out to dinner, I decided to order room service, so I could eat and continue to email Barb. 

After placing my food order, I sent Barb the following:

"Dear Barb, I hope this doesn't sound crude to you, but I don't "make love." I fuck. I'm always in control. I'm rough. I'm demanding. I want to get this out in the open. If we decide to pursue this type of affair, I don't want you to be surprised. I'm thrilled that you shared that your breasts are sensitive to pain. I enjoy exploring pain as pleasure. Spankings and pinching can be very exciting. Does the idea of bondage, blindfolds and gags excite you? Does your husband work from home? If we decide to take the next step and meet, is it easy for you to get away from home? Chris"

As I was typing Barbs email, I was notified that I had another email. When I checked, it was from Deb. It read:

"Dear Sir, First I want to tell you that I am sorry for the loss of your wife. That's terrible! Do you have kids? I'll be honest and tell you that I got sick of guys and explored girls for about a year, but didn't find what I was looking for with them. I'm a stylist and work in a large salon. All our customers are talking about Fifty Shades. I was thinking, because it's so popular, maybe I could find a guy who was into it. I actually placed a couple of ads looking for a D/s relationship, but just received one line answers wanting to hook up. I want someone who knows what they're doing. I do have limits. I don't want to get beat up. I won't do blood, piss or crap. I want D/s sex, without the wacky stuff! Do I make sense? deb."

Room service delivered my steak, veggies and salad, along with two cold micro beers. I took my time and had a nice dinner and when I went back to my computer, I responded to deb:

"Dear deb, Thank you for your condolences. I have two daughters. Both are in high school and are good kids. They get great grades, they are involved in sports and other activates. I'm proud of them. Thank you also, for calling me Sir. I appreciate your attention to these small details, as they tell me a great deal about you and your D/s experience. I agree about your limits. I'm not interested in the more extreme forms of BDSM. I'd like to invite you to dinner tomorrow night. Would you be available to meet at the TGIF's next to the Mall, at 8pm? I'll look forward to that possibility! Chris."

There was an email in my in box from Barb. It read:

"Dear Chris, OMG! Your email didn't offend me! It excited the hell out of me. I mean really excited me. I'm soaked! (blush!!!) Everything you described is what I'm looking for! (blush beet red!!!) My husband works in the city. He's always working and has an office at home too. He might be a huge problem. He's very jealous of me. We do everything together and I have a hard time getting out alone at night. My only freedom is during the day and I work too. Would it be possible for you to get together during the day? Barb."

I wrote Barb:

"Dear Barb, I can easily meet during the day, as I make my own schedule and am often out of the office. In fact, I have meetings in Detroit tomorrow. Would you like to meet for lunch? Pick a place you feel comfortable. Some place convenient, but where no one will know you. I hope we can get together! Chris."

I found a new email for Deb in my box:

Dear Sir, Thanks for the invitation. I would love to meet!!! I get out of work at 6pm on Tuesday. I have plenty of time to get home and change. TGIF at the Mall is perfect for me. Do you have any instructions for me? deb"

I responded a few minutes later to Deb:

"Dear deb, Please dress to please me. Wear a matching bra and panty set. Be freshly shaved ... legs, underarms and pubic hair. Please be on time. I will meet you in the bar and if we are enjoying ourselves, we can go to the dining room for dinner. I'll look forward to that possibility! Chris"

Barb's newest email was waiting for me. It read:

"Dear Chris, I'm so nervous and so so so excited. Yes! Let's meet. Can we meet at the Panera's in The Home Depot parking lot at Seven Mile Road and Corbin Avenue? Can we meet at noon? I'll be the one standing at the front door! Please let me know if that works for you!!! Barb."

My response to Barb was a simple confirmation:

"Dear Barb, I will be at Panera's tomorrow at noon. I'll look forward to meeting you! Chris."

I turned off my computer and went to bed.

I had a very busy Tuesday morning and by eleven o'clock, I was glad to get out of my customers office. It was a short 20 minute drive to the Panera's and I parked across the parking lot, with a clear view of the front of the restaurant. Fifteen minutes before our agreed upon time, I saw an attractive dark haired woman stop at the entrance and hesitate. When she entered, I decided it wasn't Barb, but after a short time, she came out and stood at the entrance. 

From the distance, I could tell she was tall and very well built. Her hair was pulled back and was in a pony tail. She was wearing a tight top with a good amount of cleavage showing from 50 yards. She had dress slacks that hugged her curves, long legs with heals. 

I watched several men walk past and ogle her.

Deciding I wasn't going to make her wait, I drove to the back of the Panera's, parked and walked around the building. We each started to smile, as I got closer. I reached out my hand and said, "I really hope your Barb?"

She responded, "Hi Chris. It's so nice to meet you!"

"Is it safe to kiss your cheek?" I asked.

Barb blushed and nodded. 

I leaned in and kissed her cheek and whispered, "You are so fucking sexy!"

Barb took a deep breath and with her eyes to the ground, shyly said, "Thank you."

As I said, "Let's get lunch," I reached for the door and held it open. I boldly gazed at Barbs exposed cleavage, which caused her blush to deepen. I was also pleased to see that she had an incredibly well shaped ass. Barbs over-the-shoulder look confirmed that my eyes were focused on her butt.

The line was short and in just a few minutes, we were seated at a back table with our food. Barb was easy to talk to and we got acquainted. Although we flirted and teased, we didn't mention anything about BDSM. 

As we finished our meals, Barb said, "I guess you're not interested in me?"

I smiled and asked, "Why would you say that?"

Barb shrugged and continued, "I thought we would talk about sex for our entire lunch."

I explained, "Barb, I'm not shy, but I'm also not going to embarrass you and discuss private things in a public place." I leaned across the table and asked, "Are you attracted to me?" 

She nodded.

"Good. I'm glad. I'm very attracted to you too. Let's go sit in your car and talk about more ... personal things. Do you agree?"

There was a spark in Barb's eye as she nodded again.

Barb's SUV was also parked in the back of the building and was only two spots away from my Hertz rental. Using the remote, she unlocked the vehicle and we climbed in.

As we settled into the front seats, with our backs against the door and facing each other, I nodded toward her cleavage and said, "You dressed to please me."

She answered, "I usually show off "the girls," but today I wore a special bra to show them off even more."

"Did you do it for me?" I asked.

Barb shyly admitted, "Yes."

"Show me your sexy bra."

Barb's face brightened and she pulled the fabric of her tight top to the side, showing off just a bit of her red bra cup.

I smiled; leaned across the center council, reached out and quickly flicked open all the buttons on her shirt to her waist. With her top open I was able to pull it wide, exposing her entire bra and cleavage.

"When I ask to see you bra, I expect more than a tease. Do you understand?"

She was too surprised to respond. 

I was still leaning toward her. Using my fingers, I traced along her cleavage from her chest to bra. Her tits were large, milky white and very full. 

"How long has it been since a man, other than your husband has touched your tits?

Barb gulped and admitted, "Over twenty-five years."

I spent the next few minutes silently tracing my fingers over her breasts.

"Do your panties match your bra?"

Barb nodded and said, "I always match."

"Show me," were my next instructions.

Barb started to pull at the side of her slacks, but quickly remembered what had happened when I asked to see her bra.

She unbuckled her belt, popped open the buttons, slid down the zipper, lifted off the seat and with two hands, pushed at her waist band, until the pants slid over her hips. She sat back down with her pants hanging at her knees.

Moving from her breasts, I rubbed my fingers across her stomach and over the strings of her thong. I traced down one leg and up the other.

"You're excited?"

"Yes. Very," she admitted.

"I can smell your excitement. "

"Oh Jesus," was her answer.

"Open your bra."

Barb reached behind her back and unsnapped the bra. Without being instructed, she lifted the cups and exposed her tits. They only sagged a couple of inches. Her tits looked great and were topped with two large and erect nipples.

When I pinched her right nipple, Barb grunted. 

"I think you told me that you get turned on, when your nipples are pinched," I observed.

I pinched her left nipple and she grunted again.

Using her right nipple as a handle, I lifted her tit and shook it.

"OOOHhhhhhh! Owwweeeeee!!!"

I whispered into Barbs ear, "Loss the thong!"

In seconds, it joined her slacks at her knees.

Her knees were slightly spread and her full bush was on display. My left hand continued to pinch her nipples, moving back and forth between them. My right hand slipped between her thighs and traced along an absolutely soaked pussy.

"Before we meet the next time, you'll shave your pussy bare. Do you understand?"

"Yes! Yes! I'll shave for you!"

My middle finger entered her tight steaming pussy, as I pinched a nipple even harder. I slid it in and out before adding a second finger and then a third. 

Barb was sitting in the front seat humping her married cunt into my hand. 

"Play with your clit. Make yourself cum."

Like a rocket, Barbs right hand attached her clit, as I pinched her nipples and sawed three fingers into her hole.

"So good! So good! Sooooo fucking gooooooood!!!" 

I let go of Barbs tit and let her thrash through a hard and intense cum. She groaned when my digits popped out.

Barb smiled shyly. "I can't believe I'm doing these things!"

"Do you want to stop?"

"I don't want to ever stop, but I'd prefer some place a little more private!"

"I agree. Please get dressed."

Barb quickly fastened her bra and buttoned her blouse. She pulled up her thong and then her pants and after tucking herself in, fastened the belt.

My fingers were covered with Barbs pussy juice. I held my hand to her face and told her, "Clean my hand". I was trying to push Barb and make her uncomfortable, but she surprised me and attacked my fingers, cleaning each digit.

When she was done, she asked, "When can we meet again?"

"I think you told me, your husband leaves for work very early?"

She answered, "Yes. He leaves at 4:30 every morning."

"And you don't need to be at work until 9am?"

"That's right."

"I'll find a place for us to meet on Thursday morning and email you the location. You might want to tell your boss, you may be a little late."

Barb nodded and asked, "I thought you would make me ... ummmm ... do things to you?

Smiling back, I said, "Do you mean, suck my cock?"

She nodded.

I definitely would have had Barb suck me off and more probably would have fucked her face, but realizing I had a date, later that evening with Deb, I wanted to save my cum.

I simply told Barb, "I'll take what I want on Thursday morning!"

Later that evening, I was at TGIF's, sitting at a small high bar table. I had a good view across the bar. At exactly 8pm, Deb walked in. She was young and cute. Her dark hair hung to her shoulders. She had a slim, athletic, petite body, covered in a brown paisley knee length sun dress.

I watched as she first looked at the people sitting around the bar. Next she looked table to table, until our eyes locked. Deb smiled and walked to me. I stood as she approached, shook her out-stretched hand and kissed her cheek.

"Thanks for meeting me."

Deb smiled and answered, "I've been looking forward to meeting all day."

The waitress approached, as we took our seats and Deb ordered a Margareta. Just like my date, earlier in the day, Deb and I chatted. She told me about her life and I shared my made-up biography. We decided to have dinner and instead of moving into the dining room section, stayed at our table.
