 My wife and I were good friends with another couple, Kim and John. We would often go out together for dinner. Unfortunately when we were with them both they liked to squabble. It was always petty stuff and I would look at my wife and wonder what was going on between them. When you got them alone they were always on their best behavior. I couldn't figure out what was going on.

There was going to be a party at Kim and John's house one Saturday evening. I didn't want to go because I knew that sparks would be flying. My wife Ann said we couldn't back out. I put my best face on and we went to the party. The people there were mostly Kim and John's friends from work. I really didn't these people so I went over in the corner and found a seat.

Sure enough, within an hour Kim and John were fighting. It seemed to be something trivial. I got up from my chair and I went to the front door. I needed some fresh air so I walked out of the house and went into the back yard. It was getting dark and the stars were just beginning to come out. I was staring up at the sky. The house was away from any neighbors. The only light was from the rear windows of the house. It was a warm August night and I was just trying to clear my head.

I thought I heard someone approaching. I turned and saw Kim walking towards me.

"What are you doing..."

Kim came closer and put a finger up to her lips, telling me to be quiet. The next thing I know, Kim has her arms around my neck and we were kissing each other. I always thought Kim was never interested in sex. That is the way she came off to other people. After a few moments Kim broke off our kiss. She knelt down in front of me. Kim started to fumble with my belt. She tugged my pants and briefs down to the ground. She looked up at my face briefly. Kim then took hold of my dick and brought it to her lips.

Kim's mouth wrapped around my cock. I had missed this sort of thing. My wife Ann said she didn't like sucking my dick. It tasted funny. Rather than fight about it, I let it go. Here was Kim bobbing up and down my rod. I felt her hand reach around and a finger was probing my ass. Kim slipped a finger inside me as she went down on me. Fuck, I was getting so hard. I could feel her small digit touching my prostate. I was getting so close. I wanted to say something but it was too late.

I erupted down Kim's throat. She didn't back off at all. She was drinking my thick cum down. It felt like I was all bottled up that night. I must have spurted into her mouth for a few minutes at least. I finally felt empty and Kim pulled away from my spent dick. She stood up and I watched her lick her lips. After that she gave me one more kiss with those cum stained lips and then she went back inside.

I got myself together and pulled my pants and underwear up. I waited a few minutes and then went back inside.

"Where were you?" My wife asked.

"I just needed to get a little fresh air," I told her.

We didn't stay that much longer. On the drive back my wife was just a chattering away. I don't think I heard a thing she said. I was thinking about what happened between Kim and myself. The next day I got my wife's cellphone and I found Kim's number. When I thought the coast was clear I texted her.

"I need to see you soon," I said.

I got a reply back. "I need you Jimmy."

There it was. We managed to text each other and set up a place to meet that following Saturday afternoon. I told my wife I was going to go out shopping for a few hours. Kim and I met at a cheap motel and I paid to get a room for us. When we got inside I was all over Kim. We got naked in record time. Kim told me to lie back on the bed. I did as she asked and Kim made me hard once more like that previous Saturday night.

Once I was hard Kim got on top of me. She took hold of my erect dick and brought to her folds. Kim then sunk down on my dick. I easily entered Kim's pussy. I was now looking up at her pear shaped breasts. Kim started to bob up and down my rod and I took hold of her ass cheeks and was pulling them apart. I could barely believe I was fucking my friend's wife. Kim was moaning, telling me my cock felt so good inside her. 

Every time Kim sunk down on me, I would thrust up into her hot pussy. I soon moved my hands up to her breasts. I was rubbing my palms across her brown nipples. I thought Kim was going to explode from me touching her that way. I was right. I soon felt Kim's hot juices coating my cock. It seems when Kim got red hot she was a squirter. I was soon covered in her slick juices. I was able to hold out much longer than the previous time. Kim seemed to crave my cock.

She said I felt so big inside her. I am around six inches when erect but my cock is rather thick. I was stretching Kim's pussy out as I stirred my dick around past her folds. I got to the point where I couldn't hold back any longer. I told Kim I was getting close.

"Don't pull out," she pleaded with me.

I did as she asked. I fired one sticky load after another into her tummy. God, did Kim start to scream.

"Give me your cum Jimmy!"

I did cream Kim good that afternoon. Once I stopped stroking her pussy, Kim held on tight to my dick with her muscles. It was if she needed all my baby cum that afternoon. Kim did lower herself and we had a passionate kiss after we were done making love. Kim got up and went into the small bathroom there in the room. She came back all cleaned up. I would have liked to go again but it was getting late. I was sure our spouses would be wondering where we were.

Kim and I started to meet up on a regular basis. Sometimes we got a room, a few times we went out in the woods and did it there. I would take some old sleeping bags along. We would walk deep into an isolated spot and I fucked Kim on those sleeping bags. I loved to get her on her back. I would push her legs to her chest and drill her pussy hard.

One thing was for sure. Kim loved the feel of my white hot seed in her belly. She said she couldn't get enough of my cock these days. One thing that happened was Kim wanted to make our lovemaking permanent. She asked me if I would consider leaving Ann. I know things weren't rosy between my wife and myself. I told Kim to let me think about it. One night after I got done fucking Ann I pulled out and got over top of her face. I told her to lick me clean. She fussed but she did it.

"What is wrong with you?" She said to me.

There was nothing wrong with me. Kim would have automatically cleaned my dick with her mouth without me asking for it. I knew right then my days were numbered with my wife. I am holding out for the right time to finally ask for a divorce. I know I will take a bath financially but I need to be inside Kim's pussy as often as possible.