 He wasn't home. She had the place to herself and besides which, she was sure that her best friend would not begrudge her.

She lay on his bed, seductive and inviting. Wearing her black 'babydoll' nightie and g-string she luxuriated in the soft touch of lace against skin. Stretching her lithe body, holding the muscles taut before relaxing, she sank into the freedom of fantasy.

Beside me lay a petite woman whose tousled short brown hair gave a tomboyish appearance. I loved this figment of fantasy. I had named her Jasmine. My imagination had made us intimate over the past few years. I knew every inch of that supple, pliant body.

Lazily tracing circles with my fingertips over her exposed belly I laughed into hazel green eyes that lovingly returned my laughter.

"Well my little one, what am I to do with you today?"

"Whatever you want to my love," Jasmine answered dreamily.

"Mmmm..." I mused, moving the lines of my tracing from the belly to the nipples, "I think I might just torment you!"

Rubbing the palm of my hand across Jasmines already pert nipples I felt them harden even more beneath my touch.

Jasmine groaned as I rolled each nipple in turn between thumb and forefinger.

I watched as Jasmine arched her back, bringing those luscious breasts close to my hot wet mouth.

"OK babe, I get the picture!" I said.

My tongue flicked over her hard pink nipples and as I gently pulled a nipple between my teeth she moaned in pleasure.

"Harder babe, harder!" she begged.

My lips nibbled and nipped, teasing until I could stand it no longer. I must have those nipples in my mouth.

I sucked hard and popped a hard, aroused nipple into my wet, waiting mouth. As I suckled Jasmine groaned in pleasure, her hand sliding down to the moistness that spread between her legs.

"Uh huh babe...wait for me," I told her, releasing her nipple as I spoke.

I turned my attentions to the other nipple and chewed gently as my hand slid down her belly and into the deep crevice between her legs. 

I felt the soft lips part at my touch and pushed my finger slowly into her wet wonderland.

Her musky smell came to my nostrils and I breathed deep as my finger probed further.

The nub of her sex standing erect as my finger rubbed over the exposed hood.

I applied a little more pressure and increased the rhythm of my movements until I felt her inner muscles contract and release as she neared the edge of her orgasm.

I sat up and moved myself between her legs, seeing again the marvelous sight of a woman exposed in all her naked glory.

My tongue moved over those soft folds of flesh, licking and tasting as she pushed herself into my face. I spread her lips tasting the sweetness, my tongue probing deeper and deeper into the delicious place that only a woman can lay claim to.

Jasmine had now settled into the dance of delight, her body moving in time with an ancient and rhythmic tune.

My own excitement was fast climbing as I watched my lover. My breath and pulse as rapid as her own.

I raised my self from her womanhood and bent to kiss her parted lips, my tongue caressing hers. She tasted her own juices from my mouth and smiled at me as she brought her hands to my face.

"Now baby, now!" she pleaded.

I knew what she wanted and not wanting to prolong her journey into ecstasy I inserted my fingers deep into her open and eager pussy.

She moaned softly and sighed deeply as I pushed deeper and harder. She pushed herself onto my hand, demanding more with insistent movements.

I could feel her muscles clench my fingers as she reached the peak of climax and the juices flowed freely, spilling over my fingers and out onto my waiting tongue.

God she tasted sweet...like honey fresh from the hive.

I continued to thrust my fingers deep inside and delighted to hear escaping cries of animalistic pleasure as she came again and again. Her back arched and her body shuddered as an explosive tremor enveloped her.

She had made me happy once again.

I watched her silently smile beneath closed lids and kissed her deeply.

"My turn babe" I said, as I began to pleasure myself.

He watched from the door.

He could see her dance of pleasure and could well imagine her unseen lover. He knew she liked girls and envied her ability to enjoy the best of both worlds.

He watched her hands gently pass over her dark, erect nipples. Heard her intake of breath as she brought herself closer to the peak of the ecstatic mountain she was climbing.

He knew he shouldn't be watching. He should turn and leave but the view before him was hypnotic!

He followed her hands with his eyes as they smoothed over her belly and down to the silky softness that proclaimed her woman.

He grew hard as she fondled her own sex and his desire grew as he watched her insert two fingers into her glistening pussy.

He found his own hand on his crotch, moving in time with her as she continued to push harder against her own hand.

God he wished he could join her.

He watched mesmerized as her other hand fondled her hard nipples, pulling and pinching them, arousing them further. He imagined his mouth enveloping their hard points, his tongue circling those beautiful buds.

His cock was hard, straining against the fabric of his pants making him move his position.

Too late! 

She heard him!

"Uh, hi darl" he managed to say, desperately trying to hide his own arousal.

"You been there long?" she asked him.

"Ummm..."

"I see you have! Come here and I might just fix that for you!" 

"Don't make promises you can't keep!" he laughingly threatened, entering his room.

"I never would!" she seductively whispered into his ear as he lay beside her.

"You sure you want to do this?" he asked.

"Just shut up and take off those pants" she replied, stretching her arms above her head and spreading her legs wide. "I've got an itch and I need you to scratch it! O.K?"

He wasn't about to argue.

The sight of her body spread before him was invitation enough and he knelt over her, thrusting his hardened cock between the wet lips of her sex and into her pussy.

God it was tight! Her muscles could be felt rippling along the entire length of his cock and he lost himself in the rhythm of life. Faster and deeper, he pumped hard in response to her demands.

His release was close. He could feel her orgasm building as he continued to thrust deeper and deeper. She screamed as he spurted his life force deep into her, pushing her off and over the steep precipice that is climax.

Her body trembling with release and damp with the effort, she lay quiet beneath him.

He lowered himself to kiss her soft, full lips and heard her sigh contentedly.

He slowly pulled himself from her and reveled in the sensation of silent suction.

He nuzzled her neck and fondled those pert breasts that had had him hard for years.

They felt better than he had imagined. Even though she lay blissfully beside him the touch of his fingers on her nipples sent another shudder down her spine. Those pink points that had endlessly teased him beneath cotton tee shirts now lay in his grasp.

He kissed the hard pink tips and gently pulled them with his clenched teeth. One after the other he teased them until they stood hard and proud. His hand kneaded the mounds of her breasts, like dough on the breadboard. His fingers pinched her nipples hard and he again lowered his head to softly chew on the reddening orbs.

"Oh yes! More!" she moaned, spreading her legs wide.

The sight and smell of her dispelled all thoughts of decency and he silently grinned.

'She's all mine now' he thought as his fingers invaded where only minutes ago his cock had been.

I slowly opened my eyes not wanting to leave the sensations of fantasy for the real world.

"Had a good time darl?"

"What the...How long have you been there?" I demanded, instantly awake.

"Just got in darl," he replied with a grin.

I saw the laughter dance in his blue eyes and the desire strain within his jeans.

"Yeah sure you did!" I grinned back, "Been doing a little fantasizing of your own there hey?!"

"And you'd begrudge me that?" he pouted.

"No dear friend, I most definitely do not!" 

One of these days she might just make his fantasy a reality! And if she ever found her Jasmine in the flesh...?!