 It was the day before Thanksgiving and all she could think about was him and his cock.

She was cock-sick, it had been weeks since she had seen it. Touched it. Felt it.

She remembered the way he touched her, his smell - that intoxicating brew of sex chemicals. Just being around him aroused her, and she pictured him touching her nipples in passing.

She kept this vision of him egging her on: sit on that with no panties, wear this skimpy outfit, even when he wasn't there.

She would imagine him watching her undress and she would get horny, climb onto her yoga mat and begin undulating until she squirted cum all over the mat.

But he wasn't there. And she just wanted him to be. Her pussy throbbed in angst.

And then out of the blue, he messaged her. 

She wasted no time asking him to come over, and to her excitement he said yes.

Within minutes she had changed into a tiny seamless thong and pajamas. She didn't want to tip her husband off that his friend coming over was making her wet and horny.

When he arrived, the 3 of them caught up on normal business and a few times he would flash his cock to see if she would notice.

She did. They ducked into a side room and he pulled his shorts aside to show his dick to her.

It was as beautiful as she remembered it. He kissed her lips then she immediately bowed to her knees before him. He watched as she held it in her hands, feeling its softness and then took it into her mouth and sucked. She looked up at him with a look of appreciation and more longing. As his cock grew larger and harder in her mouth, her pussy was salivating and tingling under her clothes.

They silently went upstairs and stopped in the middle of the hallway. They wrapped their arms around each other and inhaled. Squeezed. Groped. Pulled panties aside. 

He pulled his cock out and moved into her. They were both standing up, facing each other. He pulled her underwear down and felt her little ass in his big hands and he pressed her against the wall. His cock was so large that though he was over a foot taller than her, he was still able to thrust it up and into her pussy as she tiptoed toward it as best she could. She enveloped her pussy lips around the head and top of the shaft, which is all she could reach in this position. As his cock probed the entryway, he began a rhythmic slide back and forth on her swollen clit. Soon they were hot and heavy, about to cum. But they wanted to go deeper.

They stopped themselves and darted into the bedroom. She peeled her pants off until it was just her thong. Along with the half ravished shirt she was wearing.

And a smile.

They both drifted towards the closest piece of furniture, a wingback chair. She climbed onto it, facing the back. She gripped the back of the chair as she arched her back and took his rock hard member, slowly, inch by inch into her drenched pussy.

Although she was sopping wet and he pushed his girth into her, he reached a point of resistance with the head of his cock buried all the way to her sensitive cervix.

He pushed and pushed again up and up against it. She squirmed a little from the discomfort of being pushed to the limit. He still had an inch or more before he was fully inside her.

When she stretched her naked body up across the velvet chair back and partially up the wall, she lengthened her softening sleeve for him. 

He took the opportunity as his cock throbbed even larger inside of her small body, and he pushed further. This time when he pushed against the cervix, instead of hitting a wall, his cock reached further. It now filled her completely to every square inch inside her, and it became a sensation of absolute oneness.

Now that he was totally immersed in her, he began to thrust with almost wild abandon. She felt him impaling her with the force of his cock as he lifted her body up off the chair with each thrust.

When he began to release his load of hot cum into her, his head shoved deeply against her cervix, and her uterus contracted to gulp it in. With several waves, he ejaculated his cum deeper and deeper into her. It felt like he was impregnating her straight into the womb, and every cell in her body was alive with it.

She moaned "I need you, I need this." As she stretched to take every inch of him. 

Like a female dog being bred, she was in another realm of being. It was not a normal orgasm, instead she was thrown into low gutteral sounds, the same sounds of childbirth, as he placed his seed into her womb. She had been forcibly bred, not just fucked.  

When he was done, she was still gripping the back of the chair, eyes half open, cum-drunk, before fading back into the real world.

They held, kissed, and then went back downstairs like nothing had happened.