 The only reason Fiona kept attending these history lectures was because of him. Well, not really – she truthfully enjoyed history, all the different and exotic cultures fascinated her, ever since she was a child – but the TA fascinated her more. He wasn’t the kind of guy she usually noticed at first glance, but her attraction to him had been growing throughout the semester. At first it was just a “hey, he’s cute”, then a slightly more animalistic pull, occasional glances at his crotch, doing her Kegels when he was in sight, but now, the last day of class, her passion was a raging torrent. 

She had deduced throughout the course of the semester that his name was James. A good, solid name. The kind of name an aspiring historian would have. He piqued her interest when clarifying the values of early Islamic peoples, namely their treatment of women, which Fiona (an avid feminist) was always interested in. Mostly so she could have even more reasons to call men scum. James was taller than she was, but not too tall; maybe five ten. He had a chiseled face with an adorable cleft in his chin, ruddy complexion, and chocolate-brown hair that was cut in such a way that a few tendrils always fell in front of his dark, honest eyes. Being a History TA, he was in mid-to-late twenties, perhaps even thirty, but the eighteen-year-old, fresh-faced, just-finishing-first-semester-of-college Fiona didn’t give a damn. She loved the way he wore pants just loose enough to catch on the muscles of his butt, giving her an idea of its size and shape, but no more. His arms were surprisingly muscular for a guy who most likely didn’t hit the gym very often. They had that nonchalant quality to them, of a man who is strong but doesn’t force fitness upon himself. As for the rest of his body, well, Fiona could tell he was no bodybuilder, but she found the subtle outlines of his muscles behind his loose T-shirts intriguing. No hard flat abs, that’s for sure, but it was guaranteed to please her.

Last bubble blacked out on her Scan-Tron, Fiona took a deep breath, steeling herself for what she was about to do. She wasn’t usually the forward type, or a seductress of any kind, but damn, watching him throughout that final had been torture! She kept on feeling her eyes drawn to the fly of his pants, or his firm biceps. If she didn’t do this now she would regret it the rest of her life. Clutching her finished exam in one hand, and the small piece of paper with her cell-phone number, the hour of eight-thirty PM, and her dorm’s name, in the other, Fiona walked slowly up to the front of the class. She plopped her test down in front of the other TA, who was busy (thank God!) reading the essay portion. When she approached James, the object of her desire, on her way out Fiona slipped the piece of paper under his fingers. She looked down at where he was seated. Their eyes met in a blaze of mutual recognition of desire. 

“My roommate is gone tonight,” she murmured, so only he could hear, “Call me.”

And with that Fiona left, making sure her hips were swaying as seductively as possible as she walked. She could feel his eyes on her back all the way out the door.

*

James wasn’t sure at first if he should do it. He didn’t know anything about her, this girl who sat attentively in the front of the class, taking notes diligently. All he knew was that she loved Ancient Egypt, stayed after sometimes to discuss a lecture point with the professor, and had the greatest breasts he had ever seen. They were huge for a girl of her slight frame, and she often wore either tight shirts or low cut ones to show them off. Never skanky, though, not her. Despite how hot she looked in those sexy shirts, or how cute her tight little ass was in those hipster flared jeans, Fiona always managed to give the impression of ladylike aloofness – almost painful untouchability combined with smoldering sex appeal. It was funny, this nerdy little girl with glasses and freckled, clearly in love with history, to be such a freaking turn on! Her hair was reddish-brown, and brushed gently at her collarbone…how he longed to tangle his hands in that hair and gently nibble on those tiny rosebud lips of hers, lips she often chose to highlight with red lipstick of a sophisticated shade. But it was totally improper, accepting such a blatant invitation for sex, especially from one he suspected to be a freshman, and here he was a twenty-five-year-old Grad student….Oh, what the hell, James thought at last, stuffing the paper into his back jeans pocket, It’s a one night stand with a girl who is dying for a fuck. Why the hell not? Been awhile since I’ve had that kind of fun.

*

At eight forty-five p.m. Fiona received the call she had been waiting for. All James said was, “I’m out front.”

Trembling with excitement, she took the elevator down. James was waiting outside, hands in his pockets. Her heart pounding, Fiona held open the door to her dorm so he could slip into the warm building. His arm brushed against her breast as he passed, causing her nipple to jump out as it became suddenly aroused. They exchanged nothing but polite, shy smiles as they waited for the elevator to arrive, and didn’t look at each other on the ride up. In fact, not until they reached Fiona’s corner room, empty of roommate, and closed the door behind them did they slowly turn to face each other.

“So…” said James, feeling idiotic, “I’m guessing you didn’t want clarification on the ships used in the Ming dynasty, right? Although if you do, I have a couple more slides in my - ”

“No,” Fiona cut in, her voice huskier than she had intended. She swallowed, trying to drown the butterflies in her chest, “I…um…actually, I would rather learn about the lives of actresses in China at that time, but, um….the reason I gave you my number is…”

Her voice trailed off, humiliated, too embarrassed to speak. James decided to take a risk. He could feel the heat coming from her body, and loved the way her funny little paperboy cap covered her eyes when she lowered her head. So, he finished her sentence for her.

“…You’ve been lusting after me all year?”

Fiona lifted her face abruptly. Her eyes met with James’, and his were bursting with an animal-like hunger she could tell he had been saving up al year. Her own ocean-blue eyes must have held a similar emotion, for just as she was about to answer yes his mouth engulfed hers in a fiery kiss. He didn’t waste time being sweet or trying to seduce her; he could tell she needed little encouragement. Fiona felt his tongue occupy her mouth, swooping around hers, along her teeth; their lips ground together like whetstones, craving more of each others bodies. 

James felt his hands grasp hungrily at her waist, fingers wiggling at the hem of her self-altered shirt, inching it up. He could feel warm skin meet with his palms, and the smoothness and firmness of her body excited him to no end. He could feel his erection building hard and hot between them, jutting into her hip. Fiona moaned against his mouth as he kissed her fervently. They soon had to pause in their kiss as the shirt had made it up to Fiona’s head, so she lifted her arms to allow him to peel it off like the skin of an orange. James moaned when he saw her breasts. They were even fuller than he had imagined, billowing out of her plain red bra, pale as moonlight against the vibrant crimson. He couldn’t help it. Before the discarded shirt even hit the ground his face was buried in her cleavage, his lips caressing the sensitive skin. Fiona gasped in delight as his fondling sent tingles of sensation all through her, and she buried her hands in his hair. It was satiny soft, with those longer strands in the front slipping easily through her fingers – just like she had imagined. 

“Oh, God, take me now,” she breathed, nearly incoherently. James’ hands were already fumbling with the clasp of her bra, snapping it open. He lifted his face momentarily so he could watch as he slid the straps off Fiona’s thin shoulders, releasing the weighty orbs that had been supported therein. Her breasts fell heavily to her chest, round and firm, but large – with small nipples nearly the same pale shade as the rest of her skin, but with a slightly rosy tint. He couldn’t take it. He had to have her; all thoughts of history and classroom decorum were forced from his brain as his teeth closed over one of those hard little bumps. Fiona let out a faint scream as surges of pleasure overtook her. She pressed James’ head to her chest, panting with the force of her desire.

James firmly but gently edged her over to the bed, easing her onto it as his lips and tongue flicked over and around her nipples, eliciting little moans and sighs that excited him more than he had ever expected. As her head fell back onto the blankets her darling orange paper-boy cap flipped off her head, revealing a pair of pigtails that had been suffering from hat hair for some time. Fiona grinned as he paused with a bemused look at her hairdo, and managed to sit up enough to pull out the hair ties, remove her glasses, and set both carefully on the bedside table. She sat up, arching her back so her breasts jutted out in front of her, beckoning to James’ greedy hands. He cupped them as she thrust her fingers into her hair, tousling it vigorously. She looked so sexy, with her hands tangled in her short hair, gasping every now and then when his thumb skimmed over her nipples. Fiona finally gave her head a good shake, flinging her hair over one half of her face, and gave James her best ‘come and get me’ smirk.

With her glasses off and the makeup she had carefully applied that morning, Fiona’s usually hidden eyes were surprisingly dramatic. James had to spend a moment just gazing into the, suddenly shy about what he was doing. Fiona just grinned and slid her hands deliberately up the front of his shirt, letting her fingers explore the torso she had fantasized about all semester.

“Take this off,” she said at last. James was happy to oblige, and tore off his plain gray T-shirt in one motion. Fiona sighed and slid her hands up his chest again, reveling in the heat of his skin against her fingers. His body was as she had imagined it – firm, but not prone to frequent exercise. His arms were just as wonderful as Fiona had observed; the muscles in them clenched as he pulled himself up on top of her, resting his pelvis on hers. She could feel the hard shaft there, pressing insistently against the crotch of her blue jeans, and could only moan softly as he slowly began to grind it against her, in little figure eights, moving steadily between her legs, then pulling back just enough to make her body leap up into his, begging for more. 

James decided it was too much – he didn’t want to come yet, with both their pants still on! So he stopped his wordless seduction to sit up on the bed and fumble with his zipper, jumping to the floor so he could quickly shove his jeans down off his hips and pull off his socks and shoes. Meanwhile Fiona, with an unbearable expression of pure sexual desire on her otherwise sweet-looking face, also unbuttoned her jeans, slid the zipper open slowly, and stood. They were a pair of those stretch jeans so popular now, that hugged a girl’s figure like a second skin. As Fiona carefully rolled them down off her hips James could only stare hungrily as more of her lithe young figure began to emerge. Her breasts seemed unusually large for the rest of her slender body, with a trim waist and hips obviously not made for childbearing – fine with James. Her thighs were pale, trim and well-muscled, but smooth like a woman’s should be. As Fiona pulled her jeans off one leg at a time, James enjoyed the view of her inadvertent display of sexuality. She was wearing a tiny little red thong made of mesh, so it clearly showed her (recently waxed, no doubt) bikini line. As she lifted her leg to remove her pants he could catch a glimpse of the dark, moist treasure she had hidden there. When her pants were off Fiona turned, presenting her small, firm butt with its seductive string that disappeared between the supple cheeks. With a glance over her wiry shoulder that would have done any porn star proud, she hooked her thumbs over the strings over her hips and slipped off her thong. James could easily see how wet fabric at the center of it was, from where it had been nestled in the outer lips of her vagina. 

With her thong clinging to her ankles, Fiona standing naked before him, craving his body, James felt like a sex god. He tore off his boxers – grateful he had chosen them today instead of the usual plain briefs, not nearly as conducive to the sex god image – and grabbed her angular hips, yanking them against him. Fiona gasped in pleasant surprise as his fully erect member slid beneath the high cheeks of her buttocks, tantalizing her damp labia. James kissed her neck, then her shoulder, sliding his hands up her toned back. Fiona’s hands found his ass, and discovered it to be pleasantly firm and muscular. She massaged it gently while James slid back and forth agonizingly against her. Finally she could take it no more – she wanted sex now. Fiona flipped around and, grabbing James’ face in her hands, kissed him with an insatiable passion, closing her teeth over his lower lip, sucking at his mouth, demanding with her tongue that she wanted more immediately. James was happy to comply, and pushed her roughly down onto the soft mattress. His penis was slipping in the warm, sticky lubricant her body produced. Then an unfortunate thought hit his mind, and he pulled back with a great effort. Fiona stopped her desperate attempts to thrust her body into hers with a quizzical look.

“I didn’t bring a condom,” James admitting, feeling like an idiot. With her wet pussy right there in front of his face, he had to forget a thing like that!

“I’m on the Pill,” Fiona replied firmly, “Don’t you dare leave me so unsatisfied.”

That was all the incentive James needed. But before he could push himself into her like he so desired Fiona unexpectedly slid down and took his member in her mouth, sucking with an expertise he hadn’t expected from one as ladylike as she usually appeared. She left this dick slippery with saliva as Fiona rearranged her hips against his with a grin.

“A girl can always use a little extra lube,” she said, by way of explanation. James didn’t answer – his mouth instead dived to her throat, sucking, nibbling at the soft skin. Fiona let out a cry of joy as he entered her slowly, with much small circling of his penis within her. God, she was so tight, it was almost an effort to get all of himself inside her! But it felt so good, the walls of her vagina providing extreme pressure, even as he thrust all the way inside her. James found himself forgetting to pleasure the woman beneath him in his desperation of lust. He pulled out, thrust in, quickly, again and again. Damn, no woman had any right to feel this good! None would compare afterwards. Fiona let out screams of ecstasy with every one of this thrusts; she wrapped her legs firmly around his hips to bring them more firmly together, to help him penetrate her deeper. Each one of her uninhibited noises was an encouragement to James. He felt like an animal, propped up above her on his elbows, pumping hard into her welcoming body. Fiona’s eyes were closed, her head tossed back, and her fingernails digging into the flesh of his shoulders. The pain only increased his excitement to an unbearable peak.

“God, girl, you can’t make me come yet, you feel too good,” he managed to say through clenched teeth, unable to believe the sensations her taught young body was capable of producing. 

“Come in me,” she said, teeth bared in a feral grimace of intense pleasure, “I like it – do it now!”

James was happy to oblige. A few more thrusts and he was ready. The motion of his body stopped abruptly as he gasped for air, waves of intense relief shattering his body. Fiona felt herself filled with his hot semen; it burned her, but she loved the sensation and bucked against him, loving the expression of impossible rapture on his face. At last James felt himself depleted and fell on top of her, feeling her soft breasts flatten against his chest. They lay connected for some time, both breathing hard, when James remembered….she hadn’t had her orgasm yet. It was hardly fair to take advantage of the joys her body provided without giving her anything in return! Not sure he truly had the breath to speak, James slid out of her. Fiona moaned as the semen gushed out of her, sending slick tingles of pleasure through her body. She expected him to get his clothes, but was surprised instead to suddenly feel his tongue flicking across her clitoris.

Fiona gasped with an incoherent expression of gratitude and desire as James, holding her bucking hips still with his amply muscled arms, continued to explore her nether regions with his mouth. So many folds and crannies, all slick with the mixture of their essences. He knew which one she really wanted, though, and she helped him find it by spreading her labia apart with her own hands while he restrained her hips. James licked it like a popsicle first, then vibrated his tongue, then traced around the tiny nub with tiny circles, to gauge what she liked best. It was hard to say, as Fiona was moaning and thrashing every time his tongue found her hot spot. She was so close to coming already, after that incredibly hot sex, that Fiona found it didn’t take nearly as long as it usually did. As he was flicking his tongue quickly against her clit, she felt the climax coming on, and gasped:

“Keep doing that! Don’t stop!”

Just a few more moments and the wave was upon her. Fiona cried out in unbelievable rapture, her body arching itself up as it shuddered with release of the tension that had built up inside her. James slowly slid back up her body with a grin, keeping his chest, only covered with a small fuzz of hair, which Fiona was thankful for – she preferred a smooth-ish chest on a man – in contact with her soft body as he went. Fiona was still breathing as though she had just finished a marathon, but she stopped his head before it went too far, holding it between her breasts by slipping her hands into his hair. James loved the feeling on her breasts against his face as she breathed; their soft weight kept brushing his cheek. He felt he could lie here for quite awhile.

“I’d say,” James panted at last, “That you earned an “A” for the course. For extracurricular activity in studying ancient practices of lovemaking.”

“Actually,” Fiona said playfully, her eyes twinkling, “I’d kind of like clarification on the mechanical advances of classical India.”

James just laughed and quickly flipped her over onto her stomach. He slid his hands down her back, cupped her butt cheeks, and gently brushed his body against hers, making her moan with renewed desire.

“Let me enlighten you…”