 Thursday, November 1st, 2012, 7:30am

Sunlight streamed in through the window, warming my face and beating down hard through my closed eyelids. It soon left me no choice but to wake up. I opened my eyes and blinked at the unfamiliar surroundings. Then I remembered where I was, and what I was doing last night, and with whom. And I smiled the kind of smile that only young lovers can truly experience or understand.

Being careful not to move, I watched Erin sleep. Her head lay on my chest; I could feel her soft exhalations of breath on my skin. She held me tight in her arms, and one of her legs was curled around my thigh. A lock of her dark hair had fallen in front of her face, covering one of her eyes. I gently swept it behind her ear. Her white skin brightly shone in the sunlight.

God, she was beautiful.

I don't know how long I watched her sleep. Could have been five minutes, maybe longer. It didn't really matter at all. At that moment, time itself ceased to have much meaning to me.

I had built up in my mind what my "first time" experience with sex would be like. I believed, naturally, that it would be a spectacular event, and my belief only increased when Erin took the starring role in my fantasies. I knew it was nothing out of the ordinary to over-hype one's first time, to assume it would be earth-moving, world-shattering, or whatever other fantastical adjective you wanted to use to describe it. It seemed everyone I knew thought the same way. I also faintly suspected that it was a ridiculous notion in the first place. Whether it was due to the choice of partner, choice of location, unexpected interruptions... those and seemingly a million other possible reasons, in my lifetime more than a few people have told me their first time just wasn't what it was cracked up to be.

Yet somehow my experience was even better than I had imagined possible. The special moments Erin and I shared last night, when we each fought through our own nervous battles with ourselves and willingly gave our virginity to the other... it was truly special, in a way I won't ever be able to properly describe. I will never forget Halloween 2012 for the rest of my life.

Having closed my eyes as I was thinking back to last night, I opened them and watched Erin again. I found myself stroking her bare back, to my mild surprise, as I didn't recall actively choosing to do so. It must have been an unconscious decision on my part, a reaction to being naked in bed together, just me and my goth princess.

My goth princess.

Just the thought of those three words strung together was enough to spread a wide smile over my face. I recalled how she screamed that phrase to me last night as she implored me to come for her, to come hard inside her welcoming pussy. I was in the throes of ecstasy and of course only too willing to oblige her. The circumstances of the birth of that saying would be etched into my brain forever, and I knew 'my goth princess' would easily be my favourite term of affection for her.

Just then, Erin's eyes slowly fluttered open. She briefly inhaled sharply, perhaps momentarily confused by the presence of someone else in her bed. But when she looked up, her eyes misted over and she beamed at me. The look of warmth and contentment on her face made my heart leap. She stretched her lithe little body in a cat-like manner and then resumed her firm and loving hold on me.

"Hi," she said quietly.

"Hi, yourself," I replied.

We slipped back into a contented silence. She kept her grip on me and I continued to caress her soft skin. The look on her face when she later gazed back in my direction was enough to stop me, however. It looked like she had a serious question on her mind.

"Gare?"

"Yeah, Erin?"

"Last night... it was for real, right?"

"Well, yeah, of course it was. Either that or we took some wicked drugs last night..."

"No, Garrett, I'm serious!" The way she reacted to my attempted joke, the words she used, and the strength with which she gripped my arm made me nervous to the very pit of my stomach.

"I... I'm sorry Erin," I stuttered, not entirely sure what was happening. "But I... I don't understand what you're getting at. What are you trying to say?"

"I... I need to know that last night wasn't just a one-time thing for you. What we did, what we shared... it's everything to me. I need to know you feel the same way."

I paused for a few moments before answering, hoping I could sufficiently reassure her that this wasn't a one-night stand.

"Erin, we've been friends for a long time. So you should know that I'm not one to cut and run, right?"

"Yes, I know. It's just that... well... sex changes things sometimes. In a bad way."

She was right, of course. Even as young as I was, I understood that sex can ruin good relationships. But it didn't have to in our case. Not if I had anything to say about it.

"Come here," I whispered.

Erin crawled up closer to me. I captured her mouth in a kiss, attempting to pour all my love and emotion into the embrace as my tongue sought entry into her mouth. She sighed happily into my mouth, and our tongues twined together until we broke for air.

If I were a pessimist, I would have asked her how we were supposed to know what our individual futures would hold, let alone how much of those futures we'd spend together. Especially since we were only eighteen and not yet out of high school, with so much of our lives still ahead of us.

Luckily for us, I'm more of an optimist.

So what I did tell her was something I'm sure she wanted to hear. But, more importantly, I was equally sure that it was true. I knew it in my head, and I felt it in the depths of my heart.

"Erin, I love you. I want to be with you for as long as you'll have me."

Tears started to roll down her face. I carefully wiped them away with my thumbs. "I love you, Garrett," she said. "I don't ever want to let you go."

She then lowered her head. "I'm sorry if I offended you," she sighed into my chest. "I should have known you wouldn't just dump me after last night. But I really needed to hear you say you love me. I couldn't help but think that last night would all be a dream that would fade away into black nothingness unless you said it was all for real."

"It's OK, Erin. I forgive you. And these feelings, this love I have for you, they are real. Please don't ever doubt that."

"And my love for you is just as real, Garrett."

"Trust me, I believe you 100%," I told her.

She sighed before speaking again. "You know... being in love like this... it's so new for me. I've never felt this strongly about anything before, ever. I think it's making me crazy."

"You and me both, babe." I then smiled as this exchange randomly triggered something in my brain. "Just hold on loosely, but don't let go..." I sang tenderly.

She cringed a little, probably because my singing voice is, to be honest, pretty damned awful. "Uh... what?" she asked.

I shrugged. "It's from a song by one of those classic rock bands my Dad likes so much. I think it means it's better if we try not to be so intense about our relationship. Don't take us being together for granted, obviously, but don't be too clingy or too desperate because that might also drive a wedge between us and ruin everything."

"I'll try," she replied, "but I can't promise anything. I get intense about things I care about, you know that. It's as much a part of me as being goth is."

Clearly there were still plenty of potential land mines we'd have to navigate in order to make this relationship really work. But if, somehow, we failed in the end, it wouldn't be from lack of desire or passion on our part, which made me optimistic for our future.

I kissed the top of Erin's head. "Let's see what happens. We love each other and we're going to have a lot of good times together. But we're young and we're only human, so we'll make mistakes and say and do dumb things. Not to mention how everybody else will react to us being together..."

"I don't care about everybody else," she said with clear defiance in her voice.

"Neither do I," I answered, and kissed her again. "But we can't ignore it, either. Listen... no matter what, remember that we love each other and we'll find a way somehow to deal with whatever life throws at us. I love you, Erin."

"I love you too, Garrett."

We kissed briefly, and Erin rested her forehead on mine and gave me her sweetest smile.

I smiled right back at her. "You OK?" I asked.

"Yeah," she shrugged. "I still feel a bit guilty for doubting you, though."

"No worries, Erin. Really. Besides, you have a lot of time to make it up to me today."

"Oh, I will, Gare," she purred into my ear. "Count on it."

"Mmmm," I moaned happily into our latest hot embrace. But the rational part of my brain intruded again, reminding me of something we needed to do before we got too carried away.

"Erin, wait!" I told her. "We'd better call in our absence at school before they send out a search party for us!"

"Oh! Right!" she exclaimed. She leapt off the bed and found our cell phones, handing me mine before she stepped outside her bedroom to use hers.

I called the school and chose the option for reporting absences from the automated menu. A couple of rings later, I heard Coach's voice on the line.

"Attendance!" he barked.

I gave him the speech I practiced last night before finally falling asleep, not wanting to give him a chance to interrupt me. "Hey Coach, it's Garrett. I'm not feeling that well so I'm calling in sick today, but it's no big deal, I'll be there on Friday..." 

"What?! Not you too!" Coach groaned.

"What do you mean, not me too?"

"I just finished speaking to Jamie! Seems you've got whatever illness he's got! And I doubt it's the flu, if you catch my drift."

A lump formed in my throat. I hadn't expected my plan to fail at the first hurdle. "Uh, Coach... you see... I... uh..." I stammered.

Coach sighed, as if resigned to a decision he wasn't entirely sure he should make. "Listen, Garrett, I like you. You and Jamie are two of my best players, but more importantly you're good students and great kids. I'll make you the same deal as I gave him."

"Uh... sure Coach. What deal is that?"

"I record you as being sick today, no questions asked. In return, one, you show up to school on Friday so I don't have to bench you, two, you play your ass off during the game, and three, don't you dare breathe a word of this to anyone, because I'll deny it and then you'll be screwed! If either of you let me down, next practice you'll run stairs until you puke, and then you'll run stairs some more!"

I laughed, maybe a little too loudly, and felt a mixture of relief and nervousness. Relief that I'd get to spend the day with Erin after all, nervousness because I had no doubt Coach would follow through on his threats if I wasn't careful.

"Thanks Coach! I owe you one."

"Damn right you do!" he retorted with plenty of humour in his voice. "Get well soon, Garrett!" 

We said our goodbyes and hung up. Immediately my fingers started to dance across my smartphone's keyboard. I had to text Jamie to see what was up with him.

I entered "Jamie, where you at?" and pressed SEND. It didn't take long for him to answer.

"My cuz's pad. With Cindy. You?"

Atta boy, I thought to myself as I typed in my answer. "With Erin, at her place."

"Nice! Did you two...?"

I grinned at the 'unspoken' question. "Yeah. You?"

"Yeah. She's waking up now. Later!"

I acknowledged his latest response and shut off my phone, not wanting any further interruptions today. Erin walked back in, apparently finished with her arrangements as well. I took in the sight of her compact, lovely nude body again. I got out of her bed and bent down to hug her tightly. I needed to feel her pressed against me, to feel her hard little nipples rub delightfully against my chest, to palm the small, smooth, perfect hills of her ass in my hands.

She gave my own ass a squeeze as well and sighed as she felt the hard muscles underneath my skin. "Garrett?" she asked.

"Yeah?"

"I want you."

"I want you too."

"Let's shower," she breathed in a seductive voice that vibrated into my body. Not that it would take much work for her to seduce me. "We'll get clean while we get dirty."

"Mmmm, Erin, I love it when you talk dirty to me."

She giggled and displayed herself before me in a playful pose, lightly biting one of her fingers. I took her small hand, folded it into mine, and let her lead the way to the bathroom so I could watch her hips sway sexily from side to side.

Erin stopped in front of the mirror when the sight of my bruised side caught her eye. When I saw it for myself I was both dismayed and amazed at how large and discoloured it was. It was a grisly rainbow splashed against my skin. Thankfully it didn't hurt as much as it did yesterday. It still felt stiff and sore, but I knew I'd be fully healed soon enough. And I'd have a hell of a story to tell.

She carefully examined the contusion, gingerly running her fingers over the damage. "Are you OK?" she asked.

"Yeah, it's better now. I'll be fine."

She kissed my side again, just like last night, and her trailing fingers were gentle, almost ticklish, over my skin.

"I've never seen a bruise like this before," she said breathily, almost... reverentially. "If I didn't know how you got this, I would almost think it was... beautiful."

She looked me directly in the eye. "Is that weird?"

I let out a small shocked laugh and shook my head. Even being somewhat used to her unusual perceptions of the world around her, not to mention the sometimes twisted outlook on life that her goth personality brought out of her, Erin's last comment still surprised me.

"It's different, I'll give you that," I finally managed to respond, just as I thought of something else naughty to say. "In fact, if I didn't want to fuck you so bad I'd say it's downright creepy."

She eyed me warily. "Careful, mister. You're lucky you're such a hottie, otherwise I'd have to hurt you."

Erin bent over to turn on the water, sticking her ass out to me like a gift. Too overcome with naughty temptation, I gave it a playfully hard smack. She yelped and stepped inside the shower. I quickly followed her inside and was enjoying the feeling of being enveloped by hot water until I felt her slap my ass.

"Ow! That stings!" I pretended to protest.

"Good!" she giggled. "Now we're even."

"Oh no!" I said, almost daring her. "We're just getting started!"

Before Erin could respond I picked her up and put her in front of me, directly in line with the shower's spray. In quick succession she squeaked in surprise, gasped as I groped her tenderly from behind and, last but not least, whimpered as I bombarded her neck and earlobe with licks and kisses.

"Ohhhhh Garrett!" she breathed.

She reached her arms up behind her and encircled them around my head, drawing it down so I could burrow deeper into her erogenous zones. One of my hands crept up towards her breasts.

"You have pretty little titties, you know that?" I growled in her ear as I fondled her left breast and played with her nipple. I teased and tugged at it a little roughly, just the way she liked it as I learned from last night. My free hand slid down to her pussy. I cupped her soft mound and my middle finger parted the valley of her lips. My efforts were rewarded with more high pitched squeals of delight from Erin, a sound that for me was becoming rapidly addictive.

I edged even closer behind her, ensuring my cock touched her soft skin and that she could feel its throbbing hardness. I rubbed myself against her and shivered at the delicious feelings the friction provided. My hard cock shifted until it lodged in the cleft of her ass.

"Gare?!" She sounded both highly aroused from this new sensation and just a little nervous about where I might go and what I might do once I got there.

"Shhh, don't worry, Erin. I'll be careful. I won't do anything you don't want me to do. If you're not comfortable with anything I'm doing, tell me and I'll stop. OK?"

"OK. I trust you."

That was all I needed to hear. I continued to masturbate my cock between her ass cheeks, taking the greatest care not to penetrate her. My body was screaming at me to take that last step, to bury myself in her without protection. But I wouldn't do that to her without her permission. I had too much love and respect for her to do otherwise. She had yet to indicate she was OK with crossing that last threshold, so I'd wait until she told me she was ready, and that was that. For now, these sensual acts were enough.

I switched my one hand over to play with her right breast while continuing to massage her mound and pussy with the middle finger of my other hand. Then I slowly pushed that finger forward to fully enter inside her soft and pouting lips. Her walls gripped my digit tightly. My thumb felt for, and found, her clit and I gently flicked it back and forth. She was so hot and wet down there, and it wasn't just from the water from the shower nozzle cascading all around us.

"Oh god!" she cried out.

She was putty in my hands, but she had the same effect on me. She moved her sweet body in rhythm with my grinding. It was so hot I couldn't stop the groans from escaping my mouth. I strained to hold my arms in place so I could keep pleasing her. It was a race to see who would reach orgasm first.

Erin won.

She yelped loudly and her legs shook, in fact she probably would have fallen if I didn't catch her. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing very heavily.

"Are you OK?" I asked.

She just opened her eyes and gave me a mischievous smile. Then almost before I realized it she turned, dropped on her knees and took me orally. A small hand cupped my shaft at the root while her mouth engulfed half of my length. Her head bobbed up and down and droplets of water flew back and forth off of her jet black hair as she sucked me in earnest.

It didn't take long before I could feel my orgasm threaten to rip through me. "Erin, I'm gonna cum!" I said through gritted teeth.

Instead of removing my cock from her mouth, however, she eagerly sucked me even quicker and harder. My eyes rolled up in my head as I came like a rocket. It was my turn for my knees to buckle. She tried to support my weight, to no avail. I fell down and landed on my ass with a thud and a small splash. Erin's mouth and tongue were talented and amazing. She continued to lovingly blow me all the way through, gamely swallowing what I was giving to her.

When she was finished we just stared at each other for a moment. Then we broke out in giddy laughter at our situation; our bodies tangled together on the bathtub floor with the water still streaming down all around us.

Erin kissed me and I kissed her back. I thought I tasted a bit of my residue on her tongue. I can't say I enjoyed the flavour but it certainly could have been worse.

"You taste delicious," she cooed. "I'll have to do that more often."

I smiled wide. "I'm going to love seeing you do that more. I'm going to hold you to that. As for my taste, I'll take your word for it."

She stuck her tongue out at me and I kissed her on the nose. We both giggled again before helping each other up and completing our shower. We finished washing each other, making sure each of our interesting parts were extra clean, just in time before the hot water ran out. Then we toweled each other down, taking good care that all those same interesting bits were thoroughly dry.

She took me out to the living room and had me sit down on a chair that happened to face a full-length mirror. "Wait here," she whispered. "I'll be right back." She turned and without a further word went into her bedroom. I waited with breathless anticipation for her return.
