 (For T with all my love, and then some.)

The turbulence felt by the plane's other passengers was nothing compared to the rolls and flips her stomach was doing as they approached the ground with the engines screaming. Her heart raced, threatening to burst through the shirt she had changed six times that morning. What does a girl wear on a day like this she had wondered earlier, standing and staring blankly into her closet. She finally decided, the clothing she had tried on first an hour earlier sliding back on.

Normally confident and level headed, she was a bundle of nerves as the plane touched down and the moment neared. The moment neither of them had ever dared would come, the moment the more than two thousand miles between them would disappear, and they could stand face to face. Days and weeks and months of talking, whispering, aching, falling for each other over the machines they cursed, yet relied on to keep them close, but never close enough. All of that leading to this fast approaching moment, when she would truly be able to reach out her hand and softly touch his face, instead of just typing it.

As the plane rolled towards the terminal, she stuffed the book that she hadn't been able to read and the headphones she didn't recall even listening to into her bag and sat anxiously waiting for the fasten seatbelt light to blink off. When it did, and the other passengers started crowding into the aisle, she remained seated, trying desperately to catch her breath and steady her nerves. She shook herself finally and stood, slinging her bag over her shoulder and making her way off the plane. Once in the breezeway, she stopped, checked her reflection in a tiny mirror she pulled from her purse, ran her fingers through her unruly red hair and applied fresh lip gloss. 

There was a crowd of people gathered to exit the gate, and she walked up slowly, knowing he was right there on the other side of the doors, waiting for her, likely just as anxious as she was. She stood there shifting from foot to foot, biting her lip, and then it was her turn. Through the door into the noise and lights of the airport she stepped, surrounded by a blur of unfamiliar faces, cringing slightly as she was jostled by strangers. Feeling disoriented by the large crowd, she turned in slow circles, scanning faces and trying to hang on to her bag. 

And then, when she was on the verge of a minor panic attack, thinking that somehow she had made a mistake, he wasn't here, a hand flattened itself gently on her lower back, and an all too familiar voice, one she had heard countless times over the phone and in her head, whispered at her. 

"Hey you," he whispered, his lips close to her ear.

She gasped, turned, and there he was, with his own smile hiding the nerves she knew were an echo of her own. The sight of him calmed her, yet sent sparks shooting through her body at the same time. Without hesitation, she smiled, slid her arms around his neck, stood on her tip toes, and kissed him softly on the lips without saying a word. 

The hand on her lower back pulled her tightly against him and his other hand slid up into the long strands of her hair, tugging at it. She groaned into his mouth as the kiss deepened, losing herself in him finally. He tasted her lip gloss, then found the tongue she so willingly slipped against his.

There had been a thousand, maybe tens of thousands, of moments over the past few months where she had paused whatever she was doing to think of him, knowing he would smile at whatever it was she was looking at, wishing she could share every tiny thing with him. Not having him next to her in those moments was a void she hadn't even known existed until he had come into her life, but she had felt it dramatically since, and on occasion it almost brought her to her knees. But now, he was there, touching her, holding her, his heart beating against hers, as hungry for her as she was for him.

Finally, reluctantly, they pulled away just slightly - enough for her to bury her face in his neck and breathe him in, and for him to bend down and kiss the top of her head. 

Overwhelmed, she just stayed there in his arms for a minute, then murmured, "I need to get my bag."

Unwilling to lose contact for even a second, they wandered over to the baggage carousel, his arm around her shoulder, hers around his waist, bodies pressed together. Watching the baggage go around, she spotted hers and leaned over to grab it. He stretched past her and picked it up, smiling at her.

"This is it?" he said with a raised eyebrow.

She nodded, "Yep, just one."

They both reached out their hands to grab the other, as if they had done it a million times before, and walked down the breezeway of the airport. He'd slide their joined hands up behind her back to guide her once in awhile as they walked, directing her through the crowd, out the doors, and across to the parking complex wordlessly, both of them rather at a loss for words. Past row after row of vehicles, then he set down her bag slowly, tugged the hand he held towards him, pulled her close, and stepped her carefully back against a car, his body pressed against hers. She was a bit startled, but relaxed in the embrace and leaned back as his knee wedged between her legs and he bent to kiss her. Her knees buckled as she felt, more than heard, the growl in his throat. The car and the knee between her legs supported her, her arms clung to him, and their lips crashed together. The worry that their chemistry wouldn't translate here in real life evaporated as she felt her lips swell, bruise, and throb against his. Suddenly aware of the knee grinding into her crotch, and just how aroused she was becoming, she tilted her head back and away, just to catch her breath. Then his teeth were on her exposed throat and she gasped, clutching her hand against the back of his head and holding his mouth against her neck.

"Oh goddddddd," she hissed, and squirmed beneath him, at once trying to get away from the intensity and pull him closer at the same time. Her arms fell to her sides and he lifted his mouth from her neck finally, noticing the angry red teeth marks he had left.

"Please tell me this is your car," she panted, then started to giggle, for lack of anything else to do with the liquid fire running through her body this very moment.

"Uh huh," he replied with a smirk, and set her down. After getting her bags into the car, they were on their way. She told him all about the crazy old lady next to her on the plane while he drove, her fingers tracing over his hand on the gearshift, up along his arm, touching his shoulder, brushing against the side of his face. Pausing, she blushed slightly and mumbled, "I'm sorry, I just can't stop touching, am I distracting you?"

He turned his head enough to catch her fingers in his mouth and bite down on them, then kiss them softly. 

"Yes, you are, but don't stop."

She smiled and just let her hand rest lightly on his thigh as she leaned back and closed her eyes for a minute, soaking up his presence next to her. This all had been so unexpected, but from the first time they had talked there had been a connection, an easiness between them. She had told him things about herself that no one, not even her best friends, knew. At the same time, there had been scorching chemistry - the minute she saw his name on the screen or heard his voice in her ear, she wanted him. So much that she often couldn't even find the words to express how she felt. "I want you," seemed so simple, but it was the truth more often than not, and it grew more intense every day.

Her eyes opened just as his hand covered hers, squeezing, lifting it to his lips and kissing her fingers again. Tugging, she pulled his hand to her own mouth and kissed his palm, then slid her tongue around in a circle over it, tasting his skin. She shifted her grip to his wrist and guided his index finger into her mouth, parting her lips to let it slide in, licking and sucking, her eyes on his, holding his gaze. He groaned and tore his eyes away finally to watch the road. Smiling against his hand, she released it and held it in her lap.

"Let's not crash the car before... ummm..." her voice trailed off.

"Ummmm?" he asked.

"Before we get there, that's it," she said quietly, her face flushing again.

"Uh huh," was his laughing reply.

A few more minutes of quiet, hands entwined, and they pulled into the parking lot of the hotel. 

"We're here baby," he said and turned to look at her, face serious now.

"Mmhmm, we are, let's go," she replied, then flashed him a smile and opened her door, stepping out onto the warm concrete. He shook his head with a grin and stepped out after her.

After gathering their bags, they walked into the hotel lobby and up to the desk, his free hand on her lower back. As she registered, the hand slid down over her hip, then over her ass slowly, making her shiver and bite her lip as she tried to concentrate on the clerk. She scrawled out the last of the paperwork and led the way to the elevator, walking briskly, sure to wiggle her hips just a little more than necessary with him behind her. They waited quietly for the next elevator, then stepped in together as the doors slid shut silently, leaving them alone in the small space.

This time she was the aggressive one, dropping her bag with a thud and pushing him into the corner all in one motion, her hands roaming over his body, her mouth searching for and finding his, kissing him roughly. Standing on tip toe to reach him, thrusting her body against his determinedly, she growled into his mouth and squeezed a hand between them, scratching down his chest. He growled back at her, grabbing her ass and pulling her closer.

Suddenly the elevator dinged and the doors slid open. A rather startled elderly woman peered in at them over the top of her glasses. Laughing, they disentangled themselves and he murmured in her ear, "I think this is our floor".

The old lady smiled, waited for them to exit, then stepped onto the elevator and disappeared behind the doors.

They wandered down the hallway, looking for the right room, some part of their bodies always touching, stroking, caressing. She paused in front of the door, slipped the card key from her pocket and lifted it towards the lock, hand visibly shaking, the ache of desire low in her belly growing stronger. Then he was behind her, his hips pressed against her lower back, his arm reaching around in front of them, his hand covering hers, his mouth against her ear.

"Easy baby," he murmured quietly in her ear as the door finally opened.

Almost stumbling through the door, she went in first, tossed her bags in the corner and turned, her face flushed, eyes flashing at him. The door slammed shut with help from his foot and he grabbed her forcibly and pushed her up against the nearest wall. She gasped, her heart pounding, and flung her arms around his neck. Growling and biting her neck, his hands pulled at her shirt, popping buttons right off in his haste. Frantic, she tugged at his belt, fumbling, releasing the clasp and unbuttoning his jeans, both of them panting. The air conditioned room was cold on her skin as he yanked her bra down, revealing her breasts, and bent to suck a nipple into his mouth, scraping his teeth over it. She groaned loudly and felt her body shudder at the feel of his wet mouth on her. 

"Oh god, hurry," she gasped and stepped back towards the bed, pulling him with her, kicking off her sandals, falling with him on top of the duvet, scrambling back as her hands touched him everywhere, pulling his shirt up over his head. He helped her and threw the shirt aside, not caring where it landed, then bent over her, meeting her gaze, pausing for just a moment, eyes dropping to her naked breasts, then lower. She reached a hand up to touch his face, scratched a nail down his throat, then lower, moving sideways to scrape over one of his nipples.

Groaning, his fingers slid into the waistband of her jeans and he tugged, growling, "Get these off baby, I need you right now." She had them slid off, along with her panties, just as he pulled his cock free and braced himself with one arm over her. She looked up at him, holding her breath, waiting, needing him just as badly as he needed her.

They had both imagined this first meeting, knowing it would be intense and frenzied, laughingly referring to it as 'all hell breaking loose', wondering how long they'd stay fully clothed. They had talked of the moment, groaned at the mere thought of it. She had often fallen asleep dreaming of him next to her, inside her. Now it was about to become real, finally, and she was delirious in her need for him.

Her legs parted, her knees lifted slightly, he guided the head of his swollen cock between her wet lips, and their gaze met as he paused for just a fraction of a second.

"Now baby... take me now... god... NOW," she pleaded, her voice rising, her eyes wide.

He groaned and thrust into her with one smooth motion. She cried out wordlessly as he filled her and she stretched around him, hot and tight. 

"Mine, mine!" he growled at her harshly and leaned down to claim her mouth as he claimed her body, pushing into her again and again, harder with each thrust. Her pelvis lifted to meet his, her legs wrapped around him and pulled him in closer, deeper. His hips slammed into her and she felt the insides of her thighs bruise as she arched her back and tilted her head back on the bed. 

At the sight of her exposed throat he lunged forward and sank his teeth into the delicate flesh. Yelping, she raked her nails over his back, almost drawing blood, marking him as hers. His teeth closed down tighter, and he drove her down into the bed. 

Then, both of them gasping, bodies slick with sweat, hers molded to his, she clutched at him with her hands and legs, squeezed tightly around his cock, and sobbed against his ear, "Yours, all yours."

His mouth lifted from her neck and he looked down at her, his hand sliding into the long red hair fanned out around her face. He tugged at the wavy red strands roughly, making her whimper, then pulled back until his cock almost slipped out of her. One hand wrapped in her hair, he plunged into her, eyes never leaving hers as he let out a ragged whisper, "I love you", and felt her shudder violently around him in response, her scream filling his ears as she came, fists clenched behind his back, her entire body tensing and shaking. His body jerked over hers as he exploded a fraction of a second later, unwilling and unable to hold back any longer.

Her voice was all he heard as he came deep inside her, cries of "I love you, I love you," drowning him as her body melted under him. He slowed finally and lowered himself on top of her carefully, covering her with his body, both of them trying to catch their breath. Her arms and legs relaxed and she turned onto her side, face buried in his neck, feeling his heart pound against hers rhythmically. 

"Oh my god," she breathed against him and felt the hot rush of tears spill out of her eyes. It was almost too much, and she trembled next to him. Every minute, every hour, of the past months she had spent wanting him, needing him more than she chose to admit, now to be here, she was overwhelmed.

He felt her shiver and the warm trickle of her tears on his skin, and pushed her back slightly until he could see her face. Slowly, he leaned in and kissed away her tears. Her lower lip quivered, but she stroked the back of his neck with her fingers and managed a small smile. Satisfied she was alright, he tucked her head under his chin, kissed the top of her head, and cuddled her gently.

After a few long moments, she pulled away slowly, reluctantly, groaning quietly as he slid out of her, sticky liquid trickling down the insides of her thighs. His groan echoed hers and his hands didn't leave her body as she slid over on the bed. She sat halfway up, looked over at him, and giggled. Her bra half on, half off, shirt torn, eyes red and face a mess, him naked from the waist up, his pants down around his ankles, they were almost ridiculous. The blankets were a tangled mess, and pillows and discarded clothes and shoes were scattered across the floor. They hadn't even managed to close the curtains, and the sun was setting brilliantly outside, glaring off every reflective surface in the room. He looked at her questioningly, then realized what she was giggling at and laughed himself.

"Come here baby," he murmured with a smile, and moved to slide her shirt off carefully, unhooked her bra, dropped them both over the edge of the bed, then kicked his pants off. 

Pulling her back down next to him, he slid his arm under her neck, kissed her softly, and stretched his other hand over one breast, caressing her with his palm. She turned her head and purred, flicking her tongue out to taste the salt on his skin.

At the same moment, as had happened a hundred times before, but never when they could feel the others breath brush over them, they both whispered "I love you" to the other, and she dozed in his arms, peaceful and content, finally.