 We had never met. But we probably knew one another better than most married couples did. 

It had started from a simple email. Slowly, gradually over a period of time we became better acquainted. Photo's followed, our chats back and forth becoming more and more intimate, personal.

There is something to be said about baring one's soul to a perfect stranger. The excitement, anticipation of sharing one's deepest darkest desires knowing that you are neither judged by them, nor criticized for being a normal human being with fantasies and desires we all have. Though most, unfortunately can't even express them openly to their own partners in life.

There was only one real problem. The distance between us was so great that it made the likelihood of ever meeting remote at best. But it didn't change much. Not really. If anything, the discussions became more daring, bolder. Soon we were sharing with one another the kinds of desires and thoughts that even a high-priced Call Girl would blush over discussing.

Time passed. And then came a chance, a real opportunity to actually meet! Her name was Christie, though she preferred going simply by Chris. An attractive woman who looked ten years younger than she actually was having recently just turned fifty. Her smile accentuating the mischievous look in her eyes that hinted at a smoldering sensuality beneath that surface of innocence. And a curvatious body to match that.

"We should be at the hotel around 6:30," Chris told me.

Chris was flying into town with her girlfriend Brenda. It had been the only way she'd been able to pull it off, as like me, Chris too was married. With Brenda being given an opportunity to enjoy a Time-Share stay for a week, she'd invited Chris to spend it with her, which had worked out perfectly for her being able to get away without there being any suspicions.

And just for the record, it wasn't like this planned assignation was a habit for either one of us. But as time passed, and as we'd grown more comfortable and confident with one another and what we'd shared, it soon became obvious to us that if we were to ever experience and enjoy some of the things we'd spoken of and shared with one another, it was now. The openness, the uninhibited way we could speak with one another, assured us both that this truly was a once in a life-time opportunity, that regardless of societal standards, moralistic attitudes, if there was ever that chance, that opportunity, neither one of us could afford to pass it up. Especially as we also both knew this chance might never come again, for either one of us.

"I'll be downstairs in the bar," I assured her. "After you've had a chance to settle in, look for me in one of the back corner booths. I've already made arrangements for some privacy so we can chat and get to know one another better."

Chris laughed. I loved the way she laughed. It was a wicked laugh filled with delightfully sinful promise. "Don't forget, Brenda will be with me. She wants to meet you as well, especially as she has a vested interest in this after going to all the trouble of booking her time-share this year where you live, just so we could finally meet."

"Oh, so basically you're telling me I need to behave myself then," I chuckled.

Chris laughed again. "No, but I might have to. Keep in mind, you probably know me even better than she does, which might surprise her in knowing that. I've told you things that I've never even told her! But don't worry. She said after she's had a chance to enjoy a glass of wine or two, she'll head off to the hot-tub for a nice relaxing soak, and give us a chance for some real one on one."

"One on one what?" I teased suggestively.

"Well hopefully, your one inside my one," she teased back.

"Only one?"

"We have four days," Chris reminded me. "Lets savor each and every one and not try to cram it all into one day," she said half seriously, though with an excitement to her voice that told me she'd been thinking along the same lines as I had. 

"Oh I'm planning on cramming it," I quipped. "Where ever, and whenever you want it!"

"God David, you're making me horny just thinking about it," she added. "If I wasn't sitting here at work, I'd be tempted to do something about it," she said slightly lowering her voice as though someone might actually overhear our conversation.

"You're horny! Fuck Chris, I'm sitting here sporting a massive hard-on just thinking about finally sucking those beautiful tits of yours!"

"Stop it David! I'm serious! I'm already wet enough as it is. You keep talking to me like this, and I really will have to excuse myself and head to the ladies room!"

"Where are you right now?" I asked.

"In the back office."

"Anyone near by?"

"Not at the moment. Gail's out on the floor, and Daniel's with a customer."

"What are you wearing?"

She laughed. "A black baby-doll nightgown with peek-a-boo nipple cut-outs,"

"I'm being serious, you wearing a dress?"

"Well, a skirt."

"Even better. I want you to slip a finger inside your pussy for me," I told her.

"I love it when you're naughty," she told me breathlessly. "But I can't, I'm wearing pantyhose."

"Rip them!"

"What?"

"Tear a hole in them if you have to, I'll buy you a new pair if that's what you're worried about."

"You're serious!"

"Very! Now hurry, rip them, stick a finger inside your pussy for me while you still can, before someone comes."

"You mean like you? Me?" she giggled.

"Oh fuck yes...I wish I could too," I admitted.

"And why can't you?" she challenged. "You're expecting me to finger myself for you, so in turn...I think you should be jacking yourself off for me!"

"Let me close and lock my door," I stated a brief second later. "Now, did you?"

"Yeah, I'll even send them to you if you'd like," she continued to tease.

"Your finger inside?"

"Two fingers. Fuck David I'm wet!"

I laughed. "Me too. Probably a good thing I'm doing this, or I'd have created a major wet-spot that might have been difficult trying to explain."

"Ditto," Chris moaned audibly into the phone. "I can't believe I'm actually doing this. Oh God, wait one," she near whispered. "See if you can hear this," she asked suddenly sounding as though she were speaking to me from the next room.

I strained my ear against the receiver to hear better, smiled. The sound of wetness though barely audible reached my ears as she obviously sat there plunging two of her fingers in and out of her pussy for me.

"Christie?" I heard an unfamiliar voice asking in the background. "You know if we have any more of those wonder bra's that just came in?"

"Ah yeah, why?" Chris asked sounding a little bit startled, even embarrassed.

"This lady wants one in Ice-blue, B-cup."

"I'll be with you in just a moment," I heard Chris say followed by a brief moment of silence. Then, "Shit, I've gotta run David. You bastard!" she added with obvious excitement in her voice.

"Bitch!" I replied jokingly.

"Prick!"

"Cunt!"

"Fucker!"

"Fuck you!"

"Oh yeah baby...and soon too I hope!" she added. "Seriously, I gotta go. See you soon!"

"Not soon enough!" I stated holding my very aroused prick in my hand, but she hadn't heard that as I'd already spoken to the sound of the dial tone.

#

"We're here, just got in," she announced. 

"I'm here too!" I informed her, feeling excited, nervous as well as aroused. "Already had one glass of wine in fact," I added. Once again she laughed. "Nervous are we?"

"A little. You?"

"Nah, I just feel like I constantly have to pee is all," which made me laugh.

"I know what you mean. Though you should try peeing with a hard-on," I told her. "Next to impossible."

"Hmm, add that to the 'things to do list', might be interesting trying to see you do that. Better still, I'll stand behind and hold it for you."

"Now I know I'd never be able to if you did that. I know you, you wouldn't just hold it still."

"That's true," she giggled. "God David, can't believe we're really here and that I will actually be seeing you soon!"

"Well get off the fucking phone then!" I glanced at my watch, it was nearing 7:30. "About what time?"

"We'll probably be down in about ten minutes, order us a glass of white Merlot."

"You got it," I stated, already motioning to the bar tender to step over to me. "See you soon then."

"Not soon enough," she breathed with an expectant sigh.

"Then like I said, get your ass off the phone and get down here so I can kiss you."

"Just like that? In front of Brenda?"

"Fuck Chris, I'll kiss her too if that's what it takes. Now hurry up and get your sweet little ass moving!"

She laughed. "Well, you can kiss her if you want, but no tongue! Save that for me!"

I was about to comment again when I heard the dial tone. "Ah, two white Merlot's please, and another Zinfandel for myself, thank you." Once again I glanced at my watch, "another five minutes or so," I thought nervously. The bar tender left the wines. I placed one across from me, and the other beside me. "Subtle enough hint?" I thought to myself again, reaching down into my pants as I did making a quick necessary adjustment. No point in standing up to greet and meet them for the first time with a raging hard-on poking out towards them. Though Chris might find it amusing, I still wasn't all that sure about her girl friend and what she thought about all this. I was about to glance at my watch once again when I caught movement up by the doorway. I smiled and stood, though not before quickly checking to see if things were still a bit 'too' obvious. They weren't, at least not real noticeably at the moment anyway. I knew it was Chris, especially when she finally looked in my direction, smiled, and grabbed her friend's arm all but yanking her off her feet as they quickly headed towards me.

"David?" she questioned though not in an uncertain way, grinning. "You look just like...well you!" she stammered somewhat flustered, embarrassed and momentarily at a loss for words.

"Really? I do? Actually, I think I've aged some in the past ten minutes," I told her. "Surprised you could even recognize me."

"Shut up and kiss me," she finally stated. So I did. I kissed her long, hard and deep. I enjoyed the press of her soft lips upon mine, enjoyed the feel of them as we momentarily took turns lightly sucking one another's.

"Ah, ok you two," Brenda finally spoke saying. "Either introduce me, or get a room."

"Oh, sorry," Chris laughed nervously as though just then realizing her semi-rudeness. "David? This is my dearest friend Brenda."

Brenda held out her hand in greeting towards me. I took it, but then drew her closer to me. "I promised, no tongue." Instead of simply shaking her hand, though I continued to hold it, I gave her an affectionate, though friendly kiss. "A friend of Chris's, especially a good friend who would do something like this for her is a good friend of mine too," I stated finally stepping away.

"Maybe we should all get a room!" she teased jokingly back at me, then cast a quick glance Chris's way. 

"Not until we've crossed several things off our 'things to do list' first", she informed her.

"Things to do list?"

"Never mind," Chris stated sliding into the seat next to me.

We spent the next few minutes in idle chitchat, though the sexual tension was so thick it was beginning to heat up the room. At least I was anyway.

As we spoke, I soon felt Chris's hand gingerly reach over into my lap. The press of her fingernail as it dug into my pants, tracing the outline of my already swollen member was exquisite, especially as we continued on with our conversation as though nothing at all was going on. The feel of her finger as it danced up and down the length of my shaft was tantalizingly sinful. Especially in knowing we'd just met one another for the first time less than ten minutes ago. Though again, after meeting her for real, and speaking to her as we'd been doing, I felt like we'd known one another for years.

"Another glass of wine?" I asked them, noticing that Brenda had already finished hers.

"Perhaps later," she informed us standing up. "I told Chris I wouldn't hang around too terribly long after meeting you. Give the two of you a chance to have some time alone and really get to know one another better. Do...whatever it is the two of you are going to do," she said with a wink. "I'm heading out to the pool and the tub, probably be there for shall we say an hour at least?"

"Can you make it two?" Chris asked none too innocently.

"Only if the two of you buy me a nice dinner later," she stated.

"Deal!" I said grinning. "Anything you'd like."

"Just remember, if I come back to the room and the two of you are still going at it, I might just join in myself!"

Chris laughed, and I laughed nervously as well, not at all sure if she was being serious or just joking about it. Brenda soon left however, leaving the answer to that statement unresolved.

"She really wouldn't would she?" I asked Chris after she'd gone.

"Hell if I know. Sometimes she's serious about things, sometimes she just likes to joke around. Hard to say when she is or really isn't being serious. Either way, we're on the clock!" Chris said finishing her wine, which I quickly did as well, leaving a nice sized tip on the table as we stood and headed out of the bar back into the lobby area towards the elevators.

We waited patiently for one to arrive, quickly stepping inside once the doors opened. As though we'd shared the same exact thought, the moment the doors fully closed, we turned towards one another, once again embracing, kissing passionately.

"If you don't hurry up and caress my breast, I'm gonna die!" Chris moaned into my ear. So I did. Cupping her left breast, I first palmed the tender tit-flesh, feeling it completely fill my hand. And even through the light material of her blouse, she felt warm as well as soft to the touch. Her nipple, her amazing magnificent nipple was already rock-hard, pressing against my palm like succulent spice-drop. I wanted to lean over and kiss it, suck it into my mouth, content to roll that firm little appendage between my fingers instead as we kissed once again. Though now, Chris's hand dropped towards my groin where once again she felt me, squeezed me, and ensured that I was just as aroused, as excited as she was.

The elevator stopped reaching her floor. It was all I could do to tear myself away from her.

"There are only four suites per floor, each one is huge!" she grinned, "And so are you," she added with a smile now gripping my swollen prick even through my jeans.

Chris handed me her key, "830", I said already spotting the door leading into their suite.

I put the key-card into the slot. Chris laid her hand on mine keeping me from swiping the card fully.

"Only one rule," she began.

"Rules? You?" I admonished her. She grinned.

"Exactly my point. I don't want there to be anything that you can't feel you can ask me to do with you, or for you. And visa versa. Time is too short and too precious to waste a single solitary moment. I don't want to go back thinking, or wishing I had done this, or tried that. It might be the only time in my entire lifetime that I'll ever have this opportunity again. So yes, the only rule...we be completely and totally uninhibited with one another. No matter what."

"No matter what?"

"No matter what!"

"So if I told you I wanted to eat your pussy right here, right now in the middle of the hallway, you'd be willing to do that?"

She grinned, and then laughed. "I'd spread em' faster than you could shake this stick at," she said reaching inside my now un-zippered fly, producing my straining cock which felt wonderful now held within the softness of her hand.

Believe me I was tempted. But I finished swiping the card, opening the door. Chris literally pulled me inside, still holding onto my cock. I kicked the door closed as I entered, where she immediately came into my arms kissing me once again.

"I need to taste you," she said already beginning to sink down onto her knees.

"Right here? Right now?" I asked teasingly. But her answer came in the form of her hot succulent lips wrapping themselves around my shaft. I felt the pull of her mouth as it gobbled up my prick, the flick of her tongue dancing on the super-sensitive crown of my penis. "Fuck baby!" was about all I could manage. "Fuck!"

She continued to lather my prick with her tongue, her expert lips already threatening to spill my cream. "Please, I've gotta see those tits...touch them play with them," I begged. Chris giggled around my cock, and with it still snuggly embedded deep within her mouth, she proceeded to undo the buttons of her blouse, soon shrugging out of it, followed by an almost magical release of her bra which soon fell down her arms as she flung it off to one side. Her wonderful breasts sat before me like a feast waiting to be consumed. I reached down, filling my hands with each, the heat of her tits warming the palm of my hands, though her nipples remained rock hard as though frozen by a cool autumn breeze.

"God, my turn!" I all but yelled, the pleasure too sweet to continue to endure without filling her mouth. Disappointedly, she allowed me to pull her up, my hands still massaging and kneading the flesh of her breasts. She undid her skirt allowing it to fall down around her feet where she kicked it, along with her shoes off and away to join the rapidly building pile of clothing we'd begun shedding.

I quickly removed my own clothing, discarding them just as hurriedly as had she until we both stood there completely naked. I spun her back towards the door, now falling onto my own knees before her, my hands reaching up to once again locate her full breasts, she spread herself for me, the nubbin of her clit sticking out like a tiny finger which I softly kissed, then licked as delicately as I could, even lighter than a tickling feather.

"Oh you fucking bastard!" she moaned delightedly.

"You beautiful fucking cunt!" I answered, my tongue still lapping tenderly at the lips of her pussy. "The couch!" I added moments later.

"What?"

I stood, leading her towards it. "Bend over," was all I said. She did so. She was sopping wet. The lips of her pussy glistened, winking at me with their slick moisture. I placed the head of my prick at her opening and slid into her fully in one quick powerful thrust. Chris let out a deep, low groan that filled the air. Then I withdrew, just as fully, just as completely.

"What the fuck are you doing?" she asked turning to look over her shoulder towards me. "Just wanted to give you a sneak preview of the 'cumming' attractions', I teased.

"Very funny, now fucking finish what you just started!" Chris warned. I leered at her.

"Which bedroom is yours?"

"Brenda's is on the left, ours is the one on the right," she told me. Automatically I had looked to the left.

"Ooops!" I laughed. "Looks like we still have company."

When I spotted her, Brenda had been standing just inside the bedroom doorway, which is why neither of us had seen her, nor caught any movement coming from that direction. With long blonde hair well past her shoulders, and legs to match that showed very well in the swimsuit she stood there wearing. But I noticed she had pulled the crotch off to one side with her fingers busily at play as she stood there masturbating. She'd immediately removed her hand of course, but not before I had clearly seen what she'd been doing.

"How long have you been standing there?" Chris asked, blushing and surprised.

"Ever since you came in!" she admitted. "You never gave me a chance to change clothes and head out to the pool!" she informed us. "And now, I'm kinda glad you didn't!"

Chris and I both laughed, feeling just a bit sheepish, as we had truly let all the stops out. But admittedly, for each of us, the sudden realization that we'd been watched added a wickedly erotic dimension to the sexual frenzy we'd been enjoying together.
