 Every year, my boyfriend Rob and I like to spend some of our spare time participating in a few charity/good will projects during the spring and summer. Both of us are very outdoorsy, and we enjoy hiking and camping as soon as the weather warms up. It's a good way to get outside again after being cooped up all winter long, and it gives us something to feel good about by giving back. Last year, we worked with Habitat for Humanity to help build a home. It took up a couple of weekends, but by the end of the project, we had both gotten a nice tan a good workout.

This year would be no different. We had already signed up for a Habitat project in June, but were thinking about something we could do earlier in the year. This spring had come early to Jersey so we wanted to get outside and make ourselves useful. A few weeks ago, Rob had been flipping through the Sunday paper and came across an ad for volunteers for an Earth Day clean-up project. It was taking place the Sunday before Earth Day and consisted of an all-day clean up and renovation of a local park. The park had a pond, acres of woods and hiking paths, but it's maintenance had been neglected over the last couple of seasons due to cuts in the state budget. Trash cans and park benches had been vandalized, and litter was beginning to take over the paths. A duck had recently been found caught in those plastic rings that hold together six-packs of soda. So we decided to join the clean-up crew and spend the day helping our community.

That Sunday, I got dressed into my normal "outside" gear; shorts, a tank top, sneakers, and a lightweight hoodie in case it got cool. Rob was dressed similarly. I put my long brown hair in cute braided pigtails so it would stay out of my face and stay put all day long. Rob liked to call me "Pippi" whenever I wore my hair that way. 

Rob and I arrived at the park around noon, and immediately volunteered to go hiking along the parks numerous paths and trails and clean up whatever trash we found there. So we started out on the path, picking up whatever trash we saw. Before long, we each had half a garbage bag full.

After about half an hour, we stopped to take a break

"Hey, can I have the water bottle?" Rob asked.

I handed him the water bottle attached to my belt loop and watched him take a few deep gulps, his Adam's apple bobbing as he swallowed. He lowered the bottle and looked at me, catching me staring at him.

"What?"

"Nothing," I shook my head nonchalantly, trying to shake off the sudden feelings of arousal that had hit me as I imagined licking my tongue up his throat. After three years together, I was still insanely attracted to him. I ignored the thoughts that came rushing to me and began walking again.

We continued up the path, picking up all the litter we saw. Before I knew it, we had gotten pretty deep in the woods. I stopped, looking behind us and realized that I couldn't hear any of the other volunteers or the cars on the highway anymore.

Rob turned when he heard my footsteps stop.

"What's up?"

"Nothing," I whispered. "It's just so quiet here. It's so peaceful."

Rob dropped his trash bag and walked over to me, putting his arms around my waist. "Yeah, it is," he responded, lowering his mouth to mine.

We kissed gently, enjoying the solitude. Before long, I pulled back, giving Rob a stern look. 

"Let's keep going," I told him.

"Well now, what's the rush?" He asked, ever so innocently.

"We have a job to do, in case you forgot," I teased him. "We're here to clean up the park, not make out in the woods."

Clearly, he knew I was playing with him. See, I was a little bit nervous because Rob had always had a fantasy of having sex in the woods, but I had never been brave enough to do it. I always worried that someone would come along and catch us, so I'd made it clear that particular fantasy was never going to come true. While we had a fabulous sex life, sex in the woods among rocks, trees, and bugs just never appealed to me the way it seemed to with Rob.

"Well, that's just too bad, isn't it?" 

Rob lowered his lips to mine once more, pulling me tighter against him. I strained for release, fearful of where this was heading, but he wouldn't let me go. I decided to enjoy it while it lasted, since I knew we wouldn't end up doing what he wanted, and kissed him back fervently. The kiss grew more and more heated, and before long, I could feel the effect it was having on Rob. As his length grew against my thigh, I decided to have some fun with him and give him a taste of his own medicine.

I reached down between us, rubbing my hand against him and moaning instinctively when I felt how hard he was. 

"Bella," he groaned in my ear. He began nipping his way down my neck, kissing the soft spot just behind my ear that he knows drives me crazy.

"Rob, you know this isn't going to happen."

"Come on, you can't tell me you don't want it too," he insisted.

"I want you, just not here," I told him. I pulled back, looking at him. 

"Come on, there's no one around. You said yourself you can't even hear anyone else. And if anyone is coming, we'll be able to hear them. Not that they're going to, since everyone else is busy with their own projects."

I felt like I was losing the battle, but I knew I couldn't take that risk.

"Come on," he moaned again, returning his lips to my neck and lifting his hand to grasp my breasts. My nipples hardened instantly, and I searched desperately for a way out of this. I wanted him so badly, I don't think I'd ever been more turned on. But still...

He move his hand lower, finding the apex of my thighs and caressing me ever so slightly.

I moaned, rubbing my hand against him again, and shuddered.

"But the ground is all dirty..."

"Yeah, so?"

"And the sticks are sharp..." My voice shook pathetically as I struggled to keep my train of thought. I felt my panties dampening between my thighs.

"I won't let them hurt you," he promised.

"If we had a blanket -"

"Let's use your sweatshirt. You won't have to lie on the ground then."

That was a good idea. Damn it.

He began pulling my hoodie from around my waist and I felt myself surrendering as he took my mouth in another heated kiss. 

He reached down, grabbing my ass (a move he knows I love) to pull my lower half flush against his. Just when I was beginning to lose it, he suddenly stopped and stepped away. Finding a clear spot, he laid my sweatshirt on the ground and gestured, smiling.

I walked over, sat down, and leaned back. I couldn't believe what I was about to consent to.

Rob kneeled down, settling himself between my legs in a move that has become second nature.

"But Rob, what if someone..."

"Shh... just enjoy this," he whispered gently as he slipped one hand up to lift my shirt. Pulling the cup of my bra down, he flicked his tongue out against my nipple.

I gasped.

He laughed, lowering his hand to unbutton my shorts. Slipping his hand inside, he went right past my panties and slipped his middle finger against my swollen clit.

"Ooh, you're so wet," he moaned against my mouth.

I moaned right back into his ear as he lowered his lips to my breasts once more.

He began rubbing his hand against me slowly, tortuously, as I writhed beneath him.

"Rob..."

"Yes?"

"Please."

"What do you want?"

"You."

"Hm?"

"Please," I begged.

"You want me to what?"

I knew what he wanted to hear, but was so far beyond thinking straight that I could barely organize the words in my head and get them out.

"Uhh take me," I groaned as I thrust myself against his hand.

"Uh uh," he said. "Not yet."

With that, he licked his way down my stomach, and began pulling my shorts off.

"No Rob, someone will see," I cried.

"There's no one here but you and me," he crooned.

And without another protest, he pulled my shorts and panties right off. I felt the cool air hit me before anything else, and it felt amazing. The freedom of being almost naked in the middle of the woods was more liberating than I could have imagined, and the danger of being caught suddenly seemed like the world's greatest turn-on. I was almost disappointed when I felt Rob lower his mouth to me. Almost.

He licked me gently at first, and then with growing fervor. I reached down, lacing my fingers through his hair and to hold him there.

I began panting and moaning incoherent things as I felt my orgasm build. He flicked his tongue against my clit, tortuously. When he wiggled a single finger inside me, pressing up and pulling against that hyper-sensitive spot, I came apart. He eagerly lapped up my juices as they flowed out of me, and I sighed in relief and contentment.

Rob just grinned, looking up at me. As he moved over me, he pulled down his own pants and pulled out his enormous cock. I looked down hungrily at it, but knew now was not the time for that. I reached down, grasping him with my hand as he stooped for a kiss. I could taste myself on his tongue, which only spurred me on. I began guiding him into me when he stopped.

"What?" I looked up, confused.

"Say it," he grinned, getting that mischievous look in his eyes once more.

Luckily, my first orgasm had passed and my brain was working intelligently again.

"Fuck me," I purred.

"How?" He asked, giving me only an inch.

"Hard."

"Yeah?" He gave me another inch.

"Deep."

"Uh huh," he prompted.

"And fast."

"Where?"

He caught me off-guard. I looked up at him, perplexed. Looking in his eyes, it suddenly dawned on me. One of Rob's biggest fantasies was finally coming true.

"Fuck me hard, fast, and deep in the woods, Rob."

And with that, he gave me all of his length. I screamed in pleasure, pulling him against me. I tore at his shirt as he began thrusting, desperate to sink my nails into his skin. He began thrusting faster when I clawed at his back and wrapped my legs around his hips, arching up. Rob lowered his face, kissing me again. He knows how turned on I get when he's inside me and inside my mouth at the same time. "Double-bonded," I like to call it.

Suddenly, he pulled out all the way and I whimpered in disappointment.

"Over," was all he said.

Getting the drift immediately, I turned over and pushed up onto my hands and knees. Rob entered me from behind in one hard, quick thrust. He hit that perfect spot again and I came, shuddering against him. I felt a tug on my hair, and arched my back. He grabbed one of my braids in each hand and used them to guide me as I bucked desperately against him.

"Oh God Rob, I'm cumming again!" I screamed.

"I'm gonna come too, Bella. Come on," he growled.

I love Rob when he's being possessive. The moment I felt him begin to twitch inside me, I peaked violently again. I struggled to stay on my hands and knees as they went weak with pleasure. He came with a fierce growl for what seemed like minutes. When his orgasm finally subsided, he slipped out of me and pulled me onto my back.

He was grinning like a madman.

I laughed, enjoying the moment. I sighed when he kissed my forehead and wrapped his arms around me.

"Finally."