 "Bye ladies, drive safe!" I said as I closed the front door behind the girls. As I turned around to collect the empty wine glasses and plates, I smiled. It was already 11:40, which meant that Paul should be on his way back to my house, if he wasn't already here. I had just finished loading the last plate into the dishwasher, and finishing the last bottle of wine, when I heard footsteps coming up the stairs and Paul's voice in a joking tone "Honey! I'm home!"

"Hi," I said, "I've been drinking."

"Oh yeah?" he asked, kissing me. "You taste like merlot."

"Mmm-hmm. When I've been drinking, I like to make out."

"I see this working out in my favour," he said, embracing me and kissing my forehead. "You wanna make out here in the kitchen or go into the living room?"

"I was thinking somewhere else. Like the bedroom." I turned around and pulled him toward the door.

"I refuse to take advantage of you when you're drunk," he said, stone-faced, feet planted firmly in my kitchen.

"I'm not drunk, just allowing the wine to help me ask for what I want." I explained. "It's not like it's the first time we've made out in my bed."

"I see. Well, I'll agree to the bedroom only because I can have you set your own alarm before you pass out." He winked.

"I'm not passing out. At least not before I've gotten what I want from you."

"And what would that be?" he asked, raising an eyebrow and smiling.

"You're about to find out."

I took Paul's hand and led him through my room and into the bathroom where I had several candles lit. "I've been thinking about that shower you described, the first night? Watching the water run over my breasts, soaping my skin..." I could see the lust burning in his eyes, though he tried to hide it.

"Well, I could use a shower," he said as he pulled the dirty blue t-shirt over his head and pressed his body against mine. He leaned down and kissed me, soft at first, but it quickly turned into a sort of need; like he couldn't get enough of me. His hands were on my hip, at the top of my skirt and in my hair, pushing and pulling in all the right places.

"Mmmm, Paul..." I moaned , running my hands over his chest. 

"Are you absolutely sure this is what you want?" Paul asked, looking into my eyes. When I didn't answer immediately, he begged "Don't tease me, Abbie."

"There will be plenty of teasing but trust me, it will all be worth it," I answered, pulling my own shirt over my head. 

Before I even knew what was happening, Paul had my bra off and was not shy about letting me know he liked what he saw. He ran the palms of his hands over my breasts, paying special attention to my nipples. I could feel him growing hard against my leg as he sucked one into his mouth, pulling and pinching the other, rolling it between his thumb and finger.

I ran my hands through Paul's hair as he continued his assault on my breasts, teasing with his fingers then lowering his head, sucking and lightly flicking his tongue over the now rock hard buds. I love having my nipples sucked, and once he started, it was difficult for me to keep my composure. As much as I wanted him to continue, I broke away. He whimpered, just a little, like a child who'd had a puppy taken away and looked up at me. 

"You can't have all the fun," I scolded, reaching for the button and zipper on his jeans.

"Oh, allow me." In seconds his jeans were in a ball outside the bathroom door and he was left wearing only a pair of navy blue boxer briefs, which outlined the secrets within perfectly. I'm not going to lie - I was eager to see what Paul was hiding down there. Just because he'd been sleeping with me didn't mean he'd been sleeping with me. Up until tonight, all we'd done is make out and fall asleep together. 

"And you can't be the only one with clothes on," he said, hooking his thumbs into my skirt and lowering it slowly, revealing the lacy black panties I had chosen that morning. For the first time in my life I felt a man's stare and not wanted to cover my body immediately. Paul was looking at every curve and dimple appreciatively, as if he knew this was what a real woman was supposed to look like.

"My god, you're beautiful." I felt myself blush at his compliment. 

"Thanks, you're not so bad yourself," I smiled as I took in his body, muscular and tanned from working outdoors with a sprinkling of hair on his chest that trickled down past the waistband of his shorts. The shorts were slung kind of low on his hips revealing my favourite male body part, the man crease. I couldn't help myself, I reached out and ran my thumb over his hip bone.

"How about that shower?" he asked. I nodded, reaching past the glass doors to turn on the water. 

"Like I told you before, I like really hot showers," I said as the room began to steam up.

He stepped forward, closing the gap between us and kissed me. "The water's not the only really hot thing in this room."

I wrapped my arms around him and lightly massaged his lower back, which caused him to lean into me. I could feel the heat of him through his shorts, the hard length throbbing as if begging to be set free from it's cotton prison. I closed my eyes as my hands worked lower, softly massaging his incredibly toned backside. It's now or never, I thought as I ran my hands back up to his waistband and pulled his shorts down. He stepped back kicking them through the still open door and affording me a fantastic view of the rest of his body.

His shaft was sticking out, curving slightly upward from all the extra blood flowing. He was more than ready to pleasure me, as was evident by the tiny drop of liquid shining on the tip. I sunk to my knees, still wearing my panties, and marveled at the firmness, the length, the heat emanating from him. 

"Taste it," he urged, hopeful that I would take his suggestion. 

I leaned forward and flicked my tongue over the tip, savoring the salty taste. He moaned. I wrapped my fingers around the base of him and guided him toward my face. As I took the tip inside my mouth, I could feel him relax, almost as if he wasn't sure it was going to happen until that very moment.

"Oh Abbie," he moaned, gently rocking his hips forward and guiding his shaft down my throat. As I pulled my head back, I ran my tongue around the base and under the ridge of his head several times. We continued this pattern of him sliding in and me pulling back until his breathing quickened and he stopped, pulling completely out. He took my hand and guided me into a standing position as he opened the shower door.

Wordlessly he stepped under the cascade of water and pulled me in with him. He kissed me as the water rained down around us and gently slipped the panties I still hadn't removed down my thighs. I gasped as Paul took the opportunity to check how wet I was while I stepped out of the scrap of lace. He raised his finger to his lips and tasted me on it. There's nothing sexier than knowing a man wants to taste you.

"Just as I thought," he grinned. "Delicious."

"Do you...?" I started, but was quickly silenced by another kiss.

"I want to watch the water run over your beautiful body. I want to wash your skin and I want you to wash mine. We don't have to have sex in here, but I guarantee you will come before we make it to the bed."

He grabbed a body pouf and poured some shower gel onto it, working it into a later with his hands before lightly stroking my breasts with it. He watched as the soapy water ran down my stomach and legs, getting suds in the trimmed little bit of hair I had left during my first shower that day. He soaped both my arms, and my stomach before he spoke again."Spread your legs for me." I did as he asked, almost in a trance, and he gently washed both my thighs and calves before moving on to my feet, careful not to let the net sponge touch my aching center. Once he was done, he rinsed the pouf out and put it back in my shower caddy. He maneuvered me to the far end of the shower and lifted me onto the built in seat, gently pushing my knees apart. My heart was beating so fast with the anticipation of what I was sure was coming next, that I thought he must be able to hear it. "Now I return the favour," Paul said, kneeling before me and slowly running one finger across my wet slit. I almost lost it there, I was so hot at that moment. As he replaced his finger with his tongue, I let out a moan and spread my legs as wide as I could in the shower stall. I lifted my hips to his mouth and felt him slip a finger inside of me. His skilled tongue lapped up and down my labia, pausing only to flick my clitoris as his finger worked the inside, making that 'come here' motion and hitting my sensitive g-spot. This was by far the best oral sex I had ever gotten and it didn't take long until I felt the tightening inside that could only mean one thing.

Waves of pleasure washed over me as my orgasm reduced me to a puddle, mixing with the suds and runoff on the floor of the shower.

Paul looked up at me through his dark lashes. "I told you so."

"That was... amazing," I breathed. I tried to sit up but relaxed as Paul bent down once again, kissing my soft wet lips. I closed my eyes and sighed as the aftershocks of my orgasm grew more faint. 

Paul stood and reached for my hands, pulling me into a standing position. He turned off the shower as we stepped out into the steamy bathroom, grabbing towels from the counter as he followed me into my room. I grabbed the robe from the back of my door, disappointed for a moment that I didn't have another one to offer, but when I turned around and saw him in only a towel, I was glad. 

It was dark in my room, though the candles on the bathroom counter were shining and I was glad I had cleaned up a little before Paul got home. 

"I stopped you earlier because I hoped, maybe..." Paul whispered in my ear as he wrapped his arms around me, under the robe which was hanging open at my sides. He leaned back onto my bed, pulling me down with him. 

"After that?" I asked, kissing him on the neck, "I would give you almost anything." I realized that I meant it as I reached between us, grabbing for the part of him I needed. Careful to prolong the foreplay, I climbed on top of him, sitting just below his pelvis. I bent forward to kiss him and he surprised me by lifting my hips and flipping me over so he was on top, kneeling between my thighs. He looked like a starved animal and I was the first food he had seen in weeks. 

"Tell me now if you don't want this. I can't wait." His eyes burned into mine as he positioned himself at my opening. I nodded. 

"I want..." I didn't even finish my statement before he groaned and pushed into me. He froze, letting my body adjust to the throbbing intrusion before withdrawing about halfway and pushing back in. My body was on fire and I couldn't stop the second orgasm of the night from crashing over me. I cried out as he found his rhythm and bent to take a nipple into his mouth. I lifted my hips higher to meet his thrusts and dug my nails into his shoulder. 

"Oh... Paul..." I moaned as he drove into me, harder, faster. He groaned and I could tell he was having a hard time controlling himself. "Fuck me."

He lost control as soon as the second syllable had been uttered. I felt him slip out and seconds later I was treated to the two of us mixing in my mouth as I swallowed his cum.