 A week and a half was far too long to wait. I'd woken up hard a few times, the blankets tented over my crotch, to find her staring at me from her bed, her hand between her legs. "Just checking to see if my flow is over," she'd explained sheepishly. I wanted so badly to go to her, to kiss her and ask for her mouth, to let her please me and swallow me. Instead, I said good morning and hurried to a cold shower.

But she would be going to the mikvah this afternoon. By the time she got home, it would be dark, so I'd set up candles. As much as I wanted to bend her over the kitchen table the second she walked in, to mount her and take her roughly and satisfy her and finally empty myself into her, it felt rude not to at least gesture at romance. 

True, she was the one who brought out the animal in me. The scent of her, the curves of her neck and breasts and belly and bottom, the sweep of her hair and the curl of her lower hair, the warm, slick wetness of her opening to me-! My cock stiffened every time I thought about joining with her, my whole body clenching. I wanted to lose control, to hold her tight and slam myself into her over and over again, rutting until release, a frenzy of desire.

She was my wife. She would be the mother of my children. Candles, and a meal, and words of love. A gentle joining in the civilized dark. I chopped vegetables for salad, set the burner under the soup to simmer, sliced the bread. I was just about to set the table when I heard her key in the lock.

I turned to find her grinning at me, fresh-faced, a little flushed. "Hey, I'm home." She closed the door and started to take off her coat. I was beside her before I comprehended my own movement, easing it from her shoulders. She was so beautiful. "I'm glad you're back," I managed as I hung up her coat. Left unsaid: I've been fantasizing about you. I am starved for you. I need to feel you everywhere, I need to touch you and taste you and be inside you.

"I've missed you," she sighed, then, and put her hand to the back of my head to pull me in for a kiss. Despite my best intentions at restraint, I found myself backing her up against the door, our bodies pressed together. She moaned into my mouth, kissed me harder. She grabbed my hand and brought it to her breast. My thumb circled her nipple as she fumbled with my belt. Could she be as desperate as I was?

She kissed me open-mouthed, struggling with my button and zipper until finally my pants fell to my ankles. I pushed her skirt up, caressed her through her underwear. She was getting wet already, and I nudged the fabric aside to trace circles along her smooth, slippery center. I was about to drop to my knees and taste her when she pulled back from our kiss, grabbing me by the hair.

"I need you," she declared breathlessly, her eyes steady on mine. "I need your body, I need you filling me, I need your pleasure-"

I yanked off my shirt as she slid out of her skirt and underwear. She bent down to take one of my nipples in her mouth, and I yelped involuntarily as the back of her hand brushed past my cock. I was starting to get hard, my thickening cock bulging against my underwear. "Naked, naked," I begged as her hand reached in. "I don't think I'll last long, please let me-"

She grabbed my waist and turned us around, shoving me against the door. Discarding her shirt, she knelt in front of me, massaging my swollen cock through the fabric. I tried not to think about the small wet spot already forming on my underwear, or about spreading her gorgeous legs, or about the scent of her musk drifting up to me. I had to hold off until-

Pulling down my underwear, she circled my cock with her hand, sighing happily. She stroked me lightly up and down. She knew me, knew my mind and my body and all my most secret places. "No, no," I protested, "that feels too good, I'm going to- we need to-"

"In my mouth," she hummed, her voice low and strong, and enveloped my shaft in tight, wet heat. Her lips traced me, tip to root, as she bobbed her head back and forth, sucking me slow and deep. Each downward stroke rippled straight up my back, giving me the impossible feeling of getting even harder for her. She brought a hand up to my balls, gently kneading them. Her mouth and her hand became the only focal point of my world, sending desire and pleasure chasing each other through me. It was all I could do not to thrust into her mouth.

Panting, she pulled off my cock, began to pump it with her fist. "I want your seed," she gasped, and I felt my cock jump in response. She was running her tongue along the side of my shaft, and I was getting closer and closer. "I want you over and over again," she continued, her hand rushing me forward, the enjoyment so sharp it was almost pain. "I want to taste you in my mouth and feel you between my legs and not let any of you go to waste."

Her words were pushing me to an edge, sparkling with an intensity of joy and power and surrender. "It's coming," I gasped urgently, and she slid her mouth forward on my cock again, every inch disappearing down her throat, her lips streaking lightning jolts along my shaft.

I couldn't hold back anymore. My seed roared up from inside me and burst into her mouth, down her throat. I could feel wave after wave of it jetting out, and her swallowing, her throat muscles contracting around my cock and sending jagged sparks of sensation through me. She sucked and swallowed and sucked and swallowed, taking everything I gave her, her hands pressed against my thighs.

Pulsing over and over again, my balls emptied themselves. My knees started to buckle, my back arching as she drew out my orgasm. It felt like it lasted forever. "Oh, that was so good," I groaned as it started to subside. My head flopped back against the door. 

She slowed down her motion, drew back from me, wiped her mouth. "I love that," she murmured, her eyes dark with desire, looking up at me, still kneeling on the floor in front of me. "I love knowing I can do that to you. I can make you lose control."

I looked down at her, watched her licking the last of my seed from her lips, and was just as hungry for her as I'd been before. Her small lovely breasts, her fiery eyes, the smooth planes of her belly and thighs-

I grabbed her hands and pulled her to her feet, kissing her aggressively. I could taste myself in her mouth. She moaned, pressing herself close to me. I wanted to make her feel this, the warm haze after intense pleasure. I was still starved for her, desperate for her body. I needed to join with her.

Pushing her roughly away from me, I turned her around and guided her hands to the table, fitting myself to her back, cradling her breasts as I played with her nipples. She arched back against me, kissing me hard over her shoulder until I forced her gently down onto the table with a hand on her shoulder.

"Open for me," I demanded, more harshly than I'd meant to, and she shivered, parting her legs and lifting up her bottom, presenting herself to me. I stroked her vulva, with my fingers, and noticed how wet she was, how ready for my cock. I pressed myself into her, not giving my cock a chance to go soft.

"Oh!" she cried out, "yes!", and pushed back against me, taking my cock even deeper. "Please, I need you!"

Something feral in me wanted to take her fast and hard, not caring about her pleasure, just using her body until I climaxed. I wanted her to take all of me, I wanted to mate with her and breed her and possess her. But I forced myself to take a breath, letting go of my grip on her shoulder. I moved my hands to her hips and began to move inside her.

She was so warm and wet and tight. I made myself slow down, made myself rock back and forth with small, gentle movements, buried deep inside her. I would make this last. I would bring her to her own brink, wouldn't let myself go until I felt the rhythm of her release.

I loved the scent of her, the soft pressure of her pussy surrounding my cock. I loved her breathing and the aching happy sounds she made as we moved together, intimately joined. I ran my hands down her back, watching her shudder. "Mmmmm."

I bent over, my chest touching her back, and nuzzled her neck. She laughed a little, then gasped as I withdrew before snapping my hips forward rapidly. "How do you want it this time?" I asked quietly, still moving slowly inside her. I had a guess, based on her reaction, but didn't want to overstep.

"Every conceivable way," she smiled huskily.

"Should we go to the bedroom?"

"No, this is good. REALLY good." She paused then, suddenly shy. "Why, do you think this is . . . not right?"

I laughed. "I don't think I care," I confessed, biting the back of her neck lightly. "I am starving for my wife. I need her body. I can't wait long enough to turn off the lights or get to the bedroom. I need to take her right here, right now." My own words worked against me, and I started to speed up a little. She felt so good.

"Yeah?" she murmured, seeming bolder now. "You want to take me hard? You want to pound me right here in the kitchen? Cause that's what I want. I want you to take me hard and deep and fast."

Breathless, I increased my pace, lengthened my strokes. I was starting to get turned on. I wasn't sure how I could possibly ejaculate again, but the low simmer at the base of my balls suggested I would if we kept going long enough. Meanwhile, she grabbed my hand, locking our fingers together on the table, our wedding rings clicking briefly against each other. "You're . . . mine," she ground out, moaning as my movement rocked her back and forth.

"All yours," I promised, my other hand on her shoulder, my balls slapping against her clit with each thrust.

"Mine," she declared again, her face contorting with arousal, building toward climax. "You- oh!- get hard for me. You don't take anybody else like this. Your body is mine. Your cock, your balls, your seed-". She cut herself off, panting for breath. She was close now, I could feel it in her tension and hear it in her voice. I resolved not to make her wait, and put everything I had into pleasing her. "Yes," I growled as I pounded into her, "all yours, only yours-"

She let go with a low cry, and I felt her orgasm run along her inner walls. Her body squeezed along the length of me, working to pull me in with her. It felt incredible, but I wasn't ready yet. I eased her back down with the same slow, gentle strokes that had started all this.

"Mmm," she sighed contentedly. I rubbed her back affectionately, my cock still hard inside her. She shifted, and I stepped back from her so she could turn around to face me. She kissed my mouth gently, sweetly, and I tried to keep my lust from pushing the kiss further. "You're still ready for more," she grinned, stroking my cock lazily. "Move to the couch, you get on top and finish inside me?"

I watched her go, the coordinated muscles of her legs and fluid motion of her arms. She laid down on the couch and spread her legs, letting me see her, her facial expression giving away a hint of shyness despite the overt assertion of her sexuality. I loved the power and the beauty of her, loved her openness. "You are the sexiest woman I've ever seen," I told her as I crossed to the couch. "I don't know how I made it through the past week."

She laughed. "By not thinking about this."

Positioning myself between her legs, I kissed her gently. "I saw you looking at me. You weren't checking for discharge, were you."

Blushing, she slapped my face lightly. "I might have been. While thinking about you. And about this." She reached down, began to stroke my cock. "How good it feels when you slip inside me." She guided my cock to her vulva. "How you open me."

I exhaled and pushed forward lightly, entering her again. She caught her breath, reached up to kiss me. I built up slowly again, feeling her arousal rise to match mine until she was pushing her hips up against me, kissing me frantically as I slammed myself into her, both of us striving together toward our mutual goal. The wet sounds of our coupling and the rasp of our breathing filled the room.

After a few minutes, I pushed myself up on my arms and slowed down. As tired as I was, I didn't want this to end. I slid in and out, letting her feel every inch of me.

"You ok?" she panted, her hips still rolling, forcing me deeper into her. I couldn't tell if she was close or just wanted me to be.

"Yeah," I breathed. "Just don't want to be selfish. I want to make it good for you."

She smiled, then, and put a hand to my face. She kissed me passionately, pulled me back down to her. "Then give me your seed," she whispered in my ear.

Something about her hot breath on my ear, her desire for more of me, the intimate notion of my seed spilling inside her to make our child, gave me a last burst of energy. I put my hands on her inner thighs and supported my weight there, opening her wide, and drilled into her relentlessly, feeling my orgasm start to rise.

"Oh, you feel so good," she moaned, bucking hard against me, "you're going to give it to me, aren't you, you're going to flood me with it-"

"You first," I gritted out, finally recognizing how close she was as I pounded into her. I was barely holding on, her pussy wide open to me as I fucked her deeply, losing control-

She cried out again as her second climax started to overtake her, and this time I couldn't stop myself from being swept away in her waves. I slammed into her a few more times, her contractions pulling me in deep, until she grabbed my backside and forced me all the way inside, taking me to the root, her fingers digging in. She let out a long cry, and a rough heat rose up in me, and before I knew it, I was spilling myself into her. The intensity of our pleasure was terrifying and exhilarating. It was blinding, rendering me helpless and insatiable and transfixed as I opened myself to give her everything, completely absorbed in her and me and us.

As the last of my seed entered her and our orgasm faded, I let go of her thighs. I laid down on top of her, still inside her, supporting most of my weight on my arms. I needed the comfort of her skin touching mine. She put her arms around me, held me close.

"I love you," I murmured, kissing her cheek. She smiled, put a hand to my jaw and guided me in to kiss her mouth. "Eh, you're okay, guess I'll keep you around for a while," she teased, stroking my beard affectionately. She kissed me lightly, and for a long moment afterward, I couldn't take my eyes off her face, the depth of her eyes and the curve of her lips and the faint lines of her cheekbones.

She slapped my bottom and nudged me up with her hips, and I took that as my cue to withdraw from her. I sat up on the end of the couch and laid my head back, blank as the ceiling above me. Shifting to look over at her, I smiled. To be married to this woman-!

Sitting up, she squinted into the kitchen, then turned back to me, grinning. "Think that soup's all boiled off by now?"