 Finally, a Saturday afternoon free of obligations, the kids are at Grandma's and lucky me, you're in a frisky mood. I discover this as soon as I get out of the shower, covered only in a towel, you sneak up behind me and tell me not to say anything, just follow your instructions. Okay, it doesn't take much coaxing to get me to play along, in fact I'm a very willing participant. You reach around and put a blindfold over my eyes, as I laugh to myself trying to figure out what you have planned, but I play along just the same. You lead me over to he foot of our bed, turn me around and push me backwards. As I fall back on to the bed, you straddle my mid-section and grab one of my arms. I don't put up any type of fight, as I realize you're tethering my wrist to some sort of restraint. I willingly give up my free hand as you do the same to it. You laugh out loud at your accomplishment. 

Meanwhile, I'm still bewildered.

In our brief struggle, the towel has become worked its way loose from my waist and I find myself exposed. You have me lift my ass off the bed, removing the towel completely. I lie there totally naked, in darkness, wondering what you have in store for me. You straddle me again, and I can tell you're wearing panties as opposed to being just being naked. In fact, you slowly rub your pantied crotch up and down my now hardening shaft. I feel the heat radiating from your pussy as you continue the tease. I push my hips up in an attempt to match your strokes, but every time I do, you pull away. You know how much I love the feeling of your panties rubbing against me. After awhile you know that you could make me cum just from doing that. There's just something totally erotic about it. Panty fetish or not, it's very arousing. I'm not too proud to admit that next to sex there's nothing better than a pair of panties rubbing against a hard cock, especially when they're encased with a beautiful ass and hot pussy such as yours.

Anyway, I then feel you reach down and you slowly begin stroking my erect shaft. Squeezing my hardness between your little fingers, you coax a bead of precum from its head. Still lying here in total darkness, I feel you sliding down my thighs. You kiss me quickly on the lips and let your tongue leave a trail of saliva over to my neck, then to my chest. Circling around each of my nipples, you still have not let go of my cock. I'm lying there smiling, just soaking in the moment, and enjoying the feeling. You finally let loose of my cock, just so that you could cup my balls with both hands, and rake your fingers through my pubic hair. You giggle as again I feel your warm breath on my stomach. I lie there in anticipation, just waiting for you to take my now throbbing cock in to your mouth. You lightly lick and nibble your way closer.

I can actually feel a trickle of pre-cum slowly traveling downward as it cools to the morning air. You move your hand up again, quickly to erase the sensation. But yes, your warm hand feels so much better as it slides effortlessly up and down. I feel a twitch in my balls, knowing full well that you are enjoying this as much as I am. Your tongue finally descends on to the head of my cock, taking light licks and teasing it's hole, all the while your hands are working their magic. A part of me wonders how long this will go on, before you mount me. Another part of me wants it to go on forever. Your tongue follows your hand...slowly, tantalizingly moving up and down in unison. God, it feel so good.

Suddenly, and without warning you let my cock go. I hear you giggle as it throbs, you could take my pulse just by watching it. I feel you stirring again, and then you're at my feet, tying them securely down. So here I am, completely helpless, totally naked, tied spread-eagle to the bed. In total darkness I sense you moving up on the bed again. My heart beats faster in anticipation of what's to come (no pun intended). You give my cock a few more quick strokes, and you marvel at the quantity of pre-cum that a man can emit. I am getting antsy now. I actually want to cum, as my balls start to mildly ache for release.

I feel you straddle my head, your knees placed firmly against my ears. I can actually smell your pussy and the intoxicating aroma of your arousal. Once again you lean down, except this time instead of licking the head of my cock you lightly lick around it's base. I try to push myself into your mouth, but you'll have none of that as you back away. You do however lower your panty covered crotch onto my face, and before I can even take a lick I can feel the dampness of them touching my nose. I'm glad this is having such an effect on you too (it actually makes it that much more exciting). I lightly lick at the crotch of your panties, wanting to taste you. You push down hard, rubbing yourself across my mouth. The satin gets slick with the combination of my saliva and your juices. I listen intently as your breathing pattern changes. Meanwhile my cock goes completely unattended. Not fair!!! But that's okay for now. All of my senses are totally taken in by you. Once again I feel you shifting, moving away.

I hear some rustling on the bed, and before long you're back to straddling my head. You reach down and begin stroking my cock again, using my pre-cum as the lubricant God intended it to be. This time when you mash your pussy on to my face I'm over taken by the slick wetness that is your bare pussy. My tongue instinctively snakes it's way up in to your warm snatch. Meanwhile the feelings in my balls get more intense. With each up and down stroke I feel my balls draw closer and closer. You move up ever so slightly so my tongue can give your clit a few deserved lashes. You let out a low moan of satisfaction. Again I begin moving my hips in time with your hand. I know I won't last much longer. You gently squeeze my balls with your free hand, coaxing me onward ever closer.

I begin licking/gently nibbling ever faster. Listening to your breathing becoming more labored, arouses me all the more. You sense that I am almost close to cumming, and with that you let loose of your grasp on my shaft. You reach down with both your hands, one on either side of my face and hold my head perfectly still, apparently positioning your pussy exactly where you want my tongue to be. With your splayed pussy before me, I begin lapping for all I am worth. Your moans increase as you get closer to orgasm. I circle your clitoris and push my head up at the same time you mash yourself down onto my face. Your wetness completely covers my nose, cheeks and chin. I continue, knowing that you're on the verge of cumming.

My tongue continues to lash out against your clit. Finally a deep, guttural moan and your whole body tenses up. You release and ride my tongue as your orgasm over powers you. I continue lapping up your juices as they pour out of your now sopping wet hole. Finally, you can take no more as you move from head. And here I am again with a hard on just bobbing and throbbing for attention. You reach down and remove my blindfold. Your sitting next to me with a sly smile on your face. I look down and see the matted pubic hair of your pussy, with the pink lips glistening thru. Your pert breasts with the erect nipples poking out ever so firmly. You must be so proud of yourself. Your hand reaches down and strokes my cock a few more times, more pre-cum, no surprise there. All I can do is shake my head.

I then watch as you reach under the bed and pull out your favorite purple rabbit vibrator. You smile as you bring it to your mouth and begin slowly sucking on it ever so seductively. I begin thinking how I've never seen you masturbate with it before, though I have used it on you myself on a number of occasions. You turn it on low and just barely touch the underside of my cock with it. My cock jumps at the strange tingle that it brings. She then brings it down and slowly massages my cum laden balls with it. Now she has me breathing and panting for more. The feeling is intense. With her free hand she picks up her satin panties, waves them passed my nose for a quick whiff, and then wraps them around my shaft. Between the smoothness of the panties and the vibration of the rabbit, my cock just oozed. Giggling again at my predicament, she knew that I was totally helpless to do anything.

She then took the rabbit away. I watched mesmerized as she slowly spread her legs. Her pink pussy splayed open and I could see that she was still completely soaked with her juices. She laid the vibrator on the bed momentarily as she tweaked both her nipples. It's tough to say which was harder, her nipples or my cock. Now I was beginning to wish I could just jerk off and have some relief, but she wasn't done playing yet. She picked up the vibrator and a sly little smile crossed her lips. I watched with great anticipation as she took the fake phallic symbol back into her hand. She teasingly rubbed it against her pussy, spreading the lips apart as she did so. I watched as she pursed her mouth in to an 'o' shape and the slowly inserted the head of it in. I watched as inch by each agonizing inch was devoured by her hot muff. Finally after she had the 'ears' planted firmly against her clit, did she once again take hold of my cock.

She started stroking me up and down with the same rhythmic beat that she had set for herself. I watched in amazement how her pussy seemed to swallow that rabbit. My balls tightened and I knew it would not be much longer before I came. I made the mistake of letting that be known to her and she quickly released her hold on my prick. Meanwhile I could actually hear her pussy slurping at the in out motions of her artificial cock. Soon she was going full throttle. Thrusting it in and out faster, her moans were extremely audible now, not just the low whimpers they were in the beginning. I was transfixed on her pussy, totally at awe. Finally she let out a howl and jammed the vibrator completely into her snatch, letting the ears were their magic on her clit. She held it there, riding out the waves of her orgasm, eyes tightly closed and teeth gritted. Finally panting, she let go of her grip. Slowly she removed the well used toy.

She then took her red satin panties and used them to wipe the juices from her cunt, put them to my nose and continued to wrap them around my cock. Once again she started jerking me off, mixing my pre-cum with her own juices. The panties felt slick around my shaft. Not quite the warmth of a pussy, but they felt good just the same. With her free hand she picked up the vibrator again and started on my balls. My God you have no idea how good it felt at that moment. Now I was the one who wanted to hold back, because it felt just that good. But then again,that was next to impossible.

Sensing that I was on the verge of orgasm, she picked up the speed of her strokes, and gripped my shaft even tighter. I squinted my eyes and gritted my teeth, trying to hold back the inevitable. Just then she took the vibrator and teased my anus with it. That did it. There was no holding back. My balls began to spasm as the first spurt leaped from my prick and landed on my chest. Before the second one had a chance to erupt, in that short millisecond of time I felt the vibrator pushed into my rectum. The second spurt went over my shoulder, and as the vibrator hit my prostate, gob after gob of the white stuff shot onto my belly. She continued milking me, squeezing out every last drop. I didn't know a man's orgasm could be so powerful. I didn't think I was ever going to stop cumming. T wasn't sure if it was it because of all of the teasing or the vibrator? I didn't know but I was sure willing to try it again another day, just to find out.

As I lied there still tied to the bed, she continued fondling my now wilting prick. The satisfaction I felt at that moment was immense. Evident by the cum that pooled on my stomach. I watched intently as she got up on her haunches and began licking the cum from my belly. She must have enjoyed herself too, as there was an obvious wet spot on the sheet where she had sat. As she continued on my cock once again returned to it's full hardness, where she wasted little time in climbing on to of me and dropping her sopping wet, albeit HOT pussy down on my pole. Totally engulfed by her, she leaned forward and kissed me full on the lips, letting her tongue snake in to my mouth. She then laid her head on to my chest and proceeded to fall asleep. I didn't mind. There was more to follow after she woke up. But that's another story.