 {Here is another hole in my life filled in, I suppose one could say that in bits and pieces, I am writing my life story.

Probably boring to some, rambling to others. I don't care, I write what pops into my old head.

I suppose I should go put them all together in a series of some kind, but I have written so many stories that it would just be too much work.) 

+++

I saw her the moment I walked into the room. There was no doubt at all, she looked exactly the same except her hair was spackled with gray and there were some wrinkles on her pretty face.

But then, there were some on mine, too.

40 years is a long time, it was our class reunion, I was 57 years old myself, just like she was.

The woman standing there was Margeret, we all called her Maggie back in the day.

+++

Maggie was the first female that I ever got my hands into their panties, actually I didn't even with her. That is because we were parked down by the gas plant in the dark, and when I leaned over to kiss her, then reached up with one hand to stroke her breast, she lifted up and tugged her panties off, just like that.

That should have been my very first sexual experience, but my first clumsy approach was to stick a finger up in there, and something happened. She went all tense and let out a moan, that moan did not sound like pleasure to me so I stopped.

My hand felt all wet and slipperly, the Oldsmobile I was driving had a map light low on the dash so I switched that on.

"You need to take me home!" She said, we both saw why. She was bleeding like a stuck Hog snd my car had cloth seats.

I guess that was all a surprise to me, but that is what I did, I took her home as fast as I dared to go.

I walked her to her porch, thinking since it was after midnight she could sneak into the house but the porch light came on and there was her Mother.

One glance at Maggie was all it took.

Yes, there was some hell to pay, I got screamed at for "ruining" her daughter. Hell, all I did was stick my finger in there, I didn't mean to break anything or hurt her.

That night flashed right into my mind the instant I saw Maggie. That night was our first and only date.

+++

I met my first wife a few months later, Sharon was a tiny little thing. What she lacked in size she more than made up for in being bossy, and that drove me nuts.

She had my time table down to minutes towards the last, I actually mostly went along with that just to keep the peace.

Still, it lasted a few long and miserable years, finally enough was enough and we split up. What brought that to a head was my getting drafted, there was a war going on. I did the boot camp, got handed a rifle and was told to go defend my country in some crazy place on the other side of the planet.

Let's just say I didn't last long, we got flown in by helicopter and told to attack, all I could see was trees and swamp and lots of smoke off in the distance. I think I made it maybe 20 steps, felt the sting, then another.

I was one of the lucky ones. I know because Calvin, a stocky and happy go lucky young guy I liked was right next to me, but they had him covered up completely

That meant a free plane ticket home for me, the dent is still there from the hole between my ribs, the other one hit me in the side and for a few days did it's best to get my dog tags sent home. I can't even pronounce the infection they told me I had.

Where were the flak jackets? We didn't have any.

When I did get home, I found out that Sharon was not the kind of woman that sits home and waits for months on end. Bad enough that, she was also still bossy.

+++

My meeting Patty not long after we were living apart didn't help us to resolve anything, in short order Sharon had a string of boyfriends which did nothing to resolve anything, either.

But it did end up over and I married Patty, a screaming hot redhead that was barely 18 years old.

OK. I was insane for awhile, life can pile up and do that to a man.

That was a learning curve, Patty never met a male that she didn't want to see what his cock looked like, I should have known. Patty was clever and managed to hide that for months.

But Patty was also the one that stuck in my head, I tolerated more than any man ever should and still claim to be a man.

Finally one day I had had enough, I told her to hit the road, not thinking all that clearly at the time.

That is because I then left for work. I came home that night to a mostly empty house, and empty bank acount, yea, she would have taken the hardwood floors if she could have gotten them into the trailor she rented.

Like I said, not thinking all that clearly at the moment since the day before I had caught her with the brother of her Mother's boyfriend, the one she saw when her husband was out of town driving a long haul truck.

The little piece of shit had one eye and drew unemployment, nice catch there I guess. I do know he answered his door in just his underwear, and for while he couldn't see at all since his good one ended up swollen shut.

It was later when I found out that Patty and her Mother traded the two guys off and had been for as few months.

That was all crazy shit, hard to even believe since the two guys were pretend cowboys right down to the boots and hats and pretend southern accents.

They were the ones that came over and helped her load up what was in my house, well, all that was worth a shit anyway. So I guess he could still see a little bit.

I was trying to make up my mind on if I should go shoot the two of them, her Mother, or just Patty?

But finally I just let it all go.

+++

I was to the point of hating females when I met Dotty. Daughter of a farmer, good honest solid stock, Dotty was soft and round. Quiet, she never raised her voice or ever got upset about anything at all.

I admit I didn't trust her either at first, and while we dated, I sort of played the field. Dotty was one of those "kiss but no touch" kind of women, we were well into the sixties by then and that made her a rare thing.

Sex had become a nice way of saying hello by then, the female population sort of went nuts when along came birth control pills, marching in the streets against war and free love.

Flower children, they were called. Those funny looking brown cigarettes my Dad warned me about were very common in short order.

Not Dotty, no way in hell.

But since she was the only woman I knew that was solid as a rock and honest, I finally had sewn all of the wild Oats I had, and I asked her to marry me.

By that time we were both in our late twenties, it was time to settle down, live a life. The lawn, the white fence, the station wagon in the driveway to haul the kids we ended up never having was what I wanted.

"Can you stop what you are doing?" She asked me when I showed her the ring I bought for her.

I knew what she meant, we had talked about it a little bit. She was well aware that I was dating other women, if basically sleeping with them is called dating.

Oddly, she didn't even get mad about that, Dotty knew all about sex from growing up on a farm. To her, it was for children, reproducing.

We actually even talked about that, she did say that she understood and when she was married she would do her duty.

"Yes, I can. I want to be with just you for the rest of our lives." I told her.

"All right. OK, then. Yes, Danny. I will marry you, if you promise." She hugged me then and kissed me and that was it.

+++

I kept my promise, not one time did I ever touch another female. I could have, some were around but I was not even tempted.

I had had quite enough of the mayhem that kind of life can bring.

Sex with Dotty was sweet, nice. There were no explosions, crazy passion. Usually it was once a week, Saturday nights were the most common time.

Not one time did she ever say no, not once. She always knew when I wanted sex, she somehow could just tell. She would go carefully bathe, then come to bed naked instead of in her nightgown.

We got so we could finish each other's sentences, those of you who are married and really close will understand that perfectly.

Everything was just fine for me, I had already done all of the crazy things, the pile of bodies, the anal sex, everything.

It was only a year into our marriage when we got the bad news, I stayed right with her through all of the treatments.

Sex for reproduction was now just a memory, that was not going to happen. But she didn't change in that respect, she was always willing.

There were a very few times when Dotty actually reached for me, although those were rare.

Our life went on for the next nearly 20 years, then came the bad diagnosis again. My Dotty faded and then was gone so fast it was almost beyond belief.

The letter came a few years into my lonely period, I had my little six acre farm, the house I had built for her with my own bare hands, I ran my small auto parts and repair shop closer to town.

I decided to go to the reunion, it was just something to do.

+++

That is how I ended up walking into the meeting hall, held at our local men's club. The first person I saw that I recognized was Maggie.

It's funny how seeing people you have not seen or heard anything from for 4 decades is strange. They all act like you are a long lost friend and they are glad to see you.

I got patted on the back, asked what I was doing now, several times I got asked how the wife was doing which was tough to answer.

Then Maggie walked up to me.

"Danny! My God you look good!" She told me.

I was 57, probably 30-40 pounds overweight from several years of my own cooking, so I knew that was a lie.

But we ended up sitting at a table, talking.

Somewhere in there the subject of our one embarrassing date came up, from her, not from me.

"My Mom never did believe that you and I didn't do it." She said with giggle.

"Yea, that was quite a time, she sure was pissed off at me. I got called names that I don't even know what they mean!" I answered.

"Mom grounded me for six months." Maggie laughed.

"I had to go to the wrecking yard and buy a replacement seat for my car." I laughed.

Maggie looked at me, I looked at her.

"We have some unfinished business. Want to?" She gave me a smile.

I didn't need to think about it, years without a woman around, years of getting up, tending to my little place, going to work and coming home to an empty house had piled up.

Sex? Offered just like that, and with the one woman that I actually did think about from time to time?

Yes, I could go for that.

Some of our classmates gave us funny looks when we got up and left, holding hands. We didn't give a shit.

At my truck, Maggie looked at that, then at me.

"No back seat?" She smirked, we both broke out laughing.

"No, but it's only 12 miles to my place." I told her.

"Let's take my car, I want to go down by the gas plant." She said.

"The gas plant? Why?" I asked.

"Danny, it has been my fantasy for almost 40 years, I had decided that you would be the one to...you know...the first time?" She smiled.

"Then that happened. God, I was so in love with you back then. But my Mom grounded me when I got home...like that.., and by the time she would let me go out again you were dating that other girl."

"Sharon. My first wife." I nodded.

We were walking across the parking lot, her car was an older Buick.

"It's supposed to be an Oldsmobile." I wisecracked.

"Close enough, you drive." She handed me the keys.

It was barely 9 miles from the reunion to the turnoff to the gas plant. When we got there, there was a gate that had not been there before. I got out and looked, it wasn't locked but there was a huge "No Admittance" sign.

"Now what do we do?" I asked.

"Open the gate, let's go in." I laughed at that and opened the gate.

We parked in the exact same place we had parked nearly 4 decades earlier, back then it was pitch dark. Now big floodlights lit the area.

Maggie turned to me and kissed me, so I slid my hand up her side to touch her breast just like I had back then.

It did feel like there was now more under her blouse than had been there the only other time I had felt her, but not much. I could feel the lump of her nipple even through her bra.

I tipped my hand down the front of her blouse, and inside her bra. Her nipple felt enormous, the tip stuck out so far I could easily roll it with my fingers.

She shuddered when I did that, let out a sigh.

"My tits are kind of small." She told me, but they felt just fine to me. I reached down to touch her knee, but she stopped me.

"Remember when I did this?" She reached under her dress, hooked her panties and slid them down and off, giggling.

"I remember, that was amazing. Then I did...this." I slid my hand up her leg, found her lips. They were swollen up, slick, Maggie was certainly ready to go. She had a full bush, I poked around to part the hairs there.

This time I felt my finger slide inside of her with ease. Her head tipped back, "ahhhh" escaped her lips.

Her hand dropped to my belt, struggled with it, finally it came undone. Her fingers felt around, got the zipper down, then she slid her hand inside my briefs.

"Oh, God. Nice and big." She mumbled. She tugged some more until she got me exposed, with both hands she felt it all over.

Then she was working to get out of the rest of her clothing.

Once she had them all off, she climbed over the back of the seat into the rear. The parking lot was nowhere near as dark as I remembered, I got a nice view of her bare behind as she clambered over.

"Get back here, hurry up!" She told me, so I managed to get my slacks and briefs all the way off and joined her. She lay back, stretching out on the seat, spread her legs.

"Come on, fuck me Danny, fuck me!" She said.

So I did, Maggie was sloppy wet and so slick I was having trouble getting any friction going, it went on and on.

I was just reaching my peak, and sure that she had hit hers at least twice when suddenly the inside of the car lit up.

"Oh, fuck!" She said.

I looked up, all I could see was the beam of light, and a shadow of someone standing outside the window.

"Hey, turn off that light, damn it!" I growled over my shoulder.

"Nobody is supposed to be down here, this is private property." A man's voice said, and he made no move to take the light off of us.

I couldn't get up, my cock was still inside of Maggie and my instinct was to protect her modesty.

"Well, let us get dressed." I told him.

"No way, I gotta report this. You guys can't come down here." He said.

"Jesus, asshole!" I said.

"Asshole, huh? Get out of the fucking car!" Now he sounded mad.

"Let's do as he says, we don't want any trouble." Maggie told me. So I got up, opened the rear door and got out. Now the jerk was shining his light on Maggie instead of me. She had one arm across her breasts and the other at her groin, she swung her feet out and stood up.

She didn't even have socks on, the round hoop earrings dangled and flashed in the light.

"I hope you are getting your jollies." She sneered at the man.

"Turn around and put your hands on the car." He ordered. I knew then what he was going to do.

"Hey, look." I said, reaching for the front door to grab her clothes. The guy reached out and grabbed my wrist to stop me, which was a mistake.

I belted him as hard as I could, he went down like a stone. Reaching in, I handed Maggie her clothes, got my own and jerked them on.

Then I checked the guy as Maggie dressed, he was just coming around, I had clipped him a good one.

I picked up the light and shined it on his face.

"Oh, shit. That is Jerry Miller." She said.

"Who is Jerry Miller?" I asked.

"Caroline Miller's boy, you know, from the class behind us?"

"Yea, well, he was shining his light right on you and he grabbed me." I said.

"Is he OK?" She asked.

"Yea, he will be fine, just a head ache." I could see that I had hit him right between the eyes.

"Let's get out of here." I said. We piled into the car, I headed for my place.

At the ranch, we went inside, Maggie looked around.

"Nice place." She told me. It was, too, I had built the house out of big poles and wood from right on my ranch, it was rustic and warm, the polished and stained wood gave it a natural look.

"So what are we going to do?" She asked me, sitting down.

"About what?" I asked.

"Every time we get together, it seems that something interupts us." She laughed.

"No one will here." I smiled. Maggie smiled back.

I was right.

+++

The next morning we drove back down to retrieve my truck.

"That was fun, now my fantasy is fullfilled." She told me, giving me a hug.

"How about we get together again sometime?" I asked her.

"I can't, Danny."

"Why not?"

"My husband."

"What?"

"I told Ralph a long time ago about....you and me. I also told him that if I ever got the chance, I wanted to...finish doing what we did down at the gas plant." She grinned.

"Maggie, if I knew you were married....?"

"Yes, I know. Ralph gave me permission, but just for the one time, OK?" She said.

I had no idea at all what to say to that. So I let it go, had I known she was still married, I never would have gone down there with her. I guess I just assumed?

"One other thing, if you recognized Jerry Miller, then he probably recognized you." I told her.

"Yes, probably. He will be pissed off, too. But my husband Ralph is the circuit court judge, so I bet we can handle that!" She tipped her head back and laughed.

"Besides, he was getting one hell of a view before you clobbered him!" Maggie laughed again, got into her car and was gone.

Maggie was true to her word, we see each other from time to time, at the post office, downtown, things like that. I met her husband Jerry, he just looked at me but didn't say anything.

It was something less that a decade later when I went in for my Medicare physical exam. I met Debra, the Nurse I am married to now.

My life has gone from insanity, struggling to deal with women, to peace and I guess it would be for most, completely boring, to the way things are now.

With my Debra, there is no such thing as boredom, she won't allow it and doesn't have time for it. We are both faithful to each other yet our lives are full of..well...life.

Perhaps in a way, I am lucky in that I have gotten to experience one hell of a lot.

And Maggie? That was amazing, she had a 40 year old fantasy and I was it. Why? I just don't know.

I do know I would not have missed that one night for the world.

I told my wife Debs about that night a long time ago, just like she told me about the cute Doctor a few years before we met that she seduced.

She did ask me what I would do if she had a fantasy like that.

"Let you have it if you wanted to, why? Do you?" I asked her.

"That's part of why I love you so much!" She told me.