 The week was one of those weeks. I was glad it was over. The long hours at work had taken their toll. By the time I had arrived home, I was ready to give in to my body's demand for sleep. I decided it would be best to just crawl into bed for a quick nap before my wife got home. I never heard her come home, never heard the garage door open.

"Baby?" She whispered as she kissed me gently on my earlobe. "Will you fuck my pussy?"

I was so tired I couldn't get any words to come out, only an acknowledging groan.

Her hand slipped under the waist band of my boxers and began to tease my cock. I was struggling to wake up. I reached back to pull her closer. My hand found the lace top of her stockings. I moaned in delight, as did she when she got the response she was looking for in the form of my hardening cock. She knew my weaknesses.

"Baby, let me tease you, let me fuck you" she whispered as she slowly worked my boxers down. I nodded in agreement still unable to shake the sleepiness.

She ran her fingers along my side. I shivered at her delicate teasing touch. My cock twitched with every heartbeat.

She rolled away for a second. When she rolled back, she grabbed my cock with her well lubed hand and began to slowly stroke it. My cock swelled more as she rubbed the sensitive underside of the head with her slick thumb. I let out a warning moan. She removed her hand from my cock. She knew I would cum if she didn't stop. She wasn't ready for that yet.

"Relax baby," she whispered. Again, I only nodded as she spread my ass. I tensed up as her finger began to tease my little hole. "Relax," she whispered again. I relaxed as much as I could. Playing with my ass wasn't something we did. Ever.

I inhaled deeply and relaxed letting the intense sensation of my ass being teased turn in to one of sheer pleasure. Her hand returned to my cock to find a steady stream of precum dripping from it. She used it to further lube her hand as she went back to stroking my aching cock.

I reached back and spread my ass. "Don't stop," I moaned.

"Mmm, you like your ass teased?" she cooed.

I nodded my approval as I felt her other hand start to tease my ass again. She slowly began to test my limit, seeing how far I would let her go, occasionally letting her slick finger push ever so slightly inside of me. I pushed back against her ever so slightly to encourage her to explore further. 

"Baby, get on your hands and knees," she begged. "I want to tease you more, stroke you and make you cum while I finger your ass."

My horniness took over my sleep clouded mind and I did as she asked. I bent over in front of her, my head down on my pillow, my ass in the air.

She reached in front of me and again started to stroke my cock as a finger began to explore my ass. Again, I leaned back in an attempt to get her to continue. She giggled in delight at how much I was enjoying her tease. She added another drop of lube before inserting it any further.

"Mmm, feels good baby," I finally managed to moan as she slowly worked her finger in and out of me, each time going just a bit further.

My back arched as she found my prostate. "Holy fuck!" I groaned as she began to massage it. A pleasurable shockwave shot through my body. My cock twitched uncontrollably. 

"More?" she asked.

"Mhmm," was the only sound I could get out.

My sleepy eyes were still closed as I enjoyed the new sensation. I needed release, I was right on the edge, ready to explode, but the intensity of her massaging my prostate was keeping me from doing so. She must have sensed my frustration. She suddenly stopped stroking my cock and pulled her finger from me. 

I reached behind and stroked her stocking covered leg. God, she knew how much I loved that silky feeling.

"Let me fuck you," I begged. "Let me feel those legs around me!"

"Not yet," she said as she spread my ass open. "I'm not done with you."

I moaned as she again started to tease my ass. I was beyond the point of relaxation. Her finger slipped easily in and out.

"Here, sit back, it will be easier for me to stroke your cock," she said as she placed her hands on my hips and guided me back. That's when it hit me. BOTH of her hands were on my hips...yet my ass was full! 

I opened my eyes to see a small velvet bag on the nightstand. It was the same bag in which I had placed a pair of stockings and a strap on in some time ago and placed in the drawer after she had confessed it was her secret fantasy to fuck me. I told her it was there for when she was ready. She was finally ready.

Once we settled in to a comfortable position, she slowly and gently began to fuck me from behind. My cock jumped with each thrust as the strap on rubbed against my prostate. Once she knew for certain I was comfortable with her fucking me, she picked up the pace. I began to moan uncontrollably. The feeling of pleasure was almost unbearable. I needed to cum!

"Fuck!" I growled. "Stroke my cock while you fuck me, make me fucking cum!"

She reached around in front of me and stroked my cock, matching her own thrusts. It was exactly what I needed! I leaned forward again on all fours. My head dropped to my pillow as my cock exploded, my own cum hitting me in the face. 

She slowed her pace and continued to fuck me, allowing me to recover. The constant massage of my prostate had my cock hard again in a matter of seconds. She gently pull the strap on from me and pushed me over on my back. My cock was still throbbing. Each time a small amount of cum seeped from the tip. She hungrily lapped it up as she removed the strap on being sure to not lose a drop before she climbed on top of me, burying my cock deep in her pussy. 

She leaned forward and kissed me. I could taste my cum on her lips.

"Look at you," she scolded. "You're a mess!"

I chuckled as I smacked her on the ass. "And you're the reason," I snapped back.

She kissed me again before using her finger to wipe the cum from my face, being sure to suck her fingers clean.

"Fuck me," she begged once she was satisfied I was cleaned up. I pulled her close and in one quick motion, rolled her over on to her back. I kissed her deeply before focusing my attention on her supple breast. I softly sucked on her aching nipples as I began to fuck her. Her hand slipped between us and teased her clit.

"Come on baby, fuck me harder," she begged, slapping my ass with her free hand, encouraging a quicker pace. I thrust my cock in her harder and faster. As I did she began to moan loudly.

"Mmm, fuck baby, that's it, make me cum! Fucking cum with me!"

Her body shook and her pussy started to spasm as she began to cum. Her hand squeezed my ass as she pulled me in as deep as I could go. Without warning, she slipped a finger inside me again sending me over the edge, filling her pussy with my second load. She continued to tease until both our orgasms subsided.

Totally spent, I kissed her before collapsing beside her. The last thing I remember before falling into a deep sleep was hearing her cum a second time as she used our mixed wetness to tease her swollen clit.