 "I don't know what it is about that tie," Marissa said as she took the colorful plaid thing in her hand and pulled him toward her. His dark brown eyes surveyed her body as he moved closer.

"I don't know what it is about that skirt," Evan responded and he kissed her, sliding his hands down her waist, under the skirt and up her bare thighs. His kiss expressed a longing, his lips pressing against hers, their tongues finding each other. 

Marissa knew she looked good in short skirts. She is not tall, only five foot two, but her strong legs and soft skin are attention getters. And she had not worn a skirt for him yet. She was waiting for the big reveal. And now, as he placed a hand on the small of her back and pulled her closer, she knew it was worth the wait. 

When they met last month, it was supposed to be a casual drink after work. She expected to make a new friend. He had no expectations, but found her intriguing and joyful. The first thing she noticed about him was the bright plaid tie he wore. And his warm smile. While he had a foot on her at six foot two, he was not intimidating, but welcoming. 

One drink turned into three. And three drinks turned into a bite to eat. Evan was charming and funny, engaging on so many levels. He found Marissa more sexy than he expected, and her enthusiasm for life was infectious. They talked about politics, life, and sex. 

Marissa's head was spinning after their first kiss. The unexpectedness of it was delightful. The electricity between them was divine. She longed for more. She thought he did too, but life had gotten in the way and they had barely even sent emails to each other over the past month. He was traveling and her life had been just as busy.

Now she had him exactly how she wanted him: all to herself, his hands on her skin, tasting his lips again. The crazy month had finally come to an end and they could continue to get to know each other.

Evan leaned down to her neck and breathed in her dark, curly hair. Her wanted to explore every inch of her body. The more he tasted, the more he wanted. His warm breath sent a tingle over Marissa's neck and down her spine. She still held his tie in her left hand but reached one arm around his back and dug her right hand into his back pocket to secure the hold they had on each other. He looked down at her chest to see the diving neckline of her blouse, revealing the black lace of her bra against her pale skin. Being this close to each other created an electricity between them that felt less like the sparks from their first meeting and more like a raging inferno. 

Marissa noticed the bulge in his pants already. She had just walked in the door but things were already getting intense. How was she going to get through dinner when she was already anxious to get naked with him? She pulled down on his tie and craned her neck up to kiss him deeply, exploring his mouth, feeling his tongue mingle with hers, nibbling his lips. They held this embrace and lingered, enjoying the moment.

Evan pulled back, exhaling deeply to release some of the tension. "Dinner is almost ready," he said. "Would you like some wine?" He stepped away and over to the counter, displaying a bottle of Australian Shiraz, her favorite, and two empty glasses. Apparently, he took good notes.

"I'm not hungry yet," she purred. "Can you help me work up an appetite?" Her brown eyes glimmered with anticipation and want. She unbuttoned the top button of her blouse to reveal more of her cleavage to him and Evan's eyes went from wandering to a direct gaze at her chest.

He took a deep breath in and smiled. "Well, we can't have that, now can we?" But he carefully took the bottle and poured the wine into both glasses. Marissa was perplexed at this. She expected him to just go for it. She tilted her head to the side and pursed her lips just a little.

Evan took a glass of wine and stepped back close to her. He swirled the glass and then placed a fingertip into the wine and pulling it out, stained red, he placed the liquid on her pursed lips, parting them, staining her as well. She inhaled with more anticipation. Her lips were soft and luscious. The memory of the last kiss still fresh in his mind, he repeated the step, this time placing a wine soaked finger past her lips and into her mouth. She sucked to sip the wine off his skin and swirled her tongue over his finger to taste it, all the while gazing into his eyes.

"You are so damn sexy," he exhaled at the vision of his finger in her mouth, slowly pulling it out across her lower lip, making it pout. And he leaned in for another kiss, this time deeper, and more penetrating. He placed the glass of wine back on the counter, and a hand on the back of her neck and they pressed against each other.

"You make me hot," she replied.

Marissa's hands wandered over Evan's shoulders and chest, across his back and down his arms as they kissed, getting a feel for his warm body. 

His kisses were sweet and sensual, making her weak in the knees and she was glad to have her arms around him to steady herself. Evan's hands cupped her face for a few moments, but then began to wander to her neck, running his fingers through her hair. He continued down her back to her firm ass, cupping her and giving a firm squeeze.

Marissa knew she was getting very wet as the warmth between her legs grew. His lips, his tongue, his hands all turned her on like a light bulb and she was burning bright right now. She placed her hands over his and took them, moving them up to her waiting breasts. Evan needed no other prompting and took them in his hands. He began unbuttoning her blouse, revealing their fullness. He pulled one breast from its cup, exposing an erect nipple, standing at attention. Leaning over her, he kissed her ear, nibbling down her neck until he reached where his hand cupped her breast. Then he paused, the two of them slightly breathless. And he waited. 

She wanted his lips on her again. "Please suck my nipples," she pleaded wanting him to continue. Evan responded with a smile and kissed the top of her breast, working his way down to fulfill her request. His lips brushed over her right nipple, his hot breath radiating over her skin. He reached his tongue out and lightly flicked it. She drew in a breath as he took her full in his mouth and finally sucked her nipple. 

Marissa moaned, craning her neck back in pleasure. "That feels so good. More please."

Evan responded, moving to the other breast, exposing it in kind and began sucking and nibbling on it to coax more moans of delight from her. The sound of her pleasure turned him on immensely. His cock grew harder by the second and his heart was racing. He wanted to find more ways to coax pleasure from her. He pulled off her shirt over her shoulders, kissing each inch of skin as it became exposed to the air. He unhooked her bra, releasing her breasts and looked at them, taking in their full shape, the nipples erect and dimpled. Her skin was glowing.

Marissa's hands wanted his skin and she untied his tie, pulling it through the buttoned collar. She unbuttoned his shirt and he continued kissing her neck and nibbling her ears. She pulled off his shirt, exposing his broad shoulders and bare chest, soft curly hairs to run her hands over. 

Evan took her by the waist and lifted her up onto the counter, pulling up her skirt slowly, his thumbs caressed her inner thighs. As he moved closer to her center, he felt the warmth and moisture that had made its way beyond her panties.

"Oh damn," he whispered, "Are you turned on?"

"About as turned on as you are," and Marissa reached her hand over his pants to his throbbing cock to demonstrate. She ran her fingers over the outline, exploring it's size and shape, taking the opportunity to tease the tip. Evan gasped, throwing his head back at her touch.

With more determination, he turned his focus to Marissa's groin, hiking up the skirt to expose her already wet panties. He knelt down and started kissing her inner thighs, working up the inside. As he grew closer, he smelled her sweet musk and breathed it in deeply. 

She began breathing deeper, feeling the sensations of his hands and lips against her skin. Her hips moved forward in anticipation of his touch. "Will you please pull off my panties?"

He looked up at her with a smile and reached up under her skirt, finding the elastic of her panties with his finger tips, and pulled down on them, exposing her. He pulled them down over her knees and off over her heels, letting them drop to the floor. His warm breath was now reaching her and his eyes turned toward her wet, glistening pussy.

Evan moved his hands up her inner thighs, pushing them apart to give him a better look, but did not do anything further. He was waiting for her permission to proceed. Marissa took in the moment and all its sensations. She knew what his kisses did and she wanted so much to feel them on her pussy, his tongue exploring her clit. 

"Will you please touch and lick my pussy?" she asked breathlessly.

"I would love to touch and lick your pussy," Evan responded enthusiastically. His fingers slowly worked their way toward her wetness. He caressed the inside of her thigh, moving toward her lips, which were hot and dripping for him. He pushed his fingers just inside to feel how wet she was. "Ohhh," he whispered, barely audibly. He pulled them out and placed them in his mouth, sucking off her juices. "You are so delicious."

A smile grew on Marissa's face now as she saw the eagerness at which Evan gazed at her pussy. He continued to explore her, teasing around the edges of her clit, tracing the entrance. She was getting flushed from the attention, craving more, but savoring his touches, breathing steadily. Then he leaned in with his tongue and she let out a tight breath as she felt his hot wet tongue lap at her wet pussy lips. She felt his tongue explore in a similar fashion to his hands, licking and flicking and sending shivers through her with each motion. She ran her fingers through his hair and over his shoulders, not sure what to do with the tension building inside her.

Evan took a breath and looked up at her. "Lean back and relax. Just enjoy my kisses."

"Oh, I am. And I want more," Marissa replied in a daze.

"Ask and you shall receive." And he continued his exploration, making his way closer to her clit. She wanted him to touch it so much she tried moving her hips to guide him there, but he did not respond.

Marissa leaned back on her elbows, releasing the tension from her hips, spreading her legs wider to give him more access. "Please lick my clit," she finally urged. "Make me cum."

Evan responded immediately to the request, spreading her carefully with his fingers, fully exposing her now swollen clit to him. He took a first, deep lick sending a wave of tension into her and making her gasp in delight. He continued to lick and nibble at her, swirling his tongue as the pleasure built within her. She began moving her hips up and down to meet his rhythm. As he noticed her getting closer, he plunged a single finger into her as he continued his lapping. She responded with a breathy moan as he worked her over making her hotter and hotter. She could almost feel his smile between her legs as she grew closer and closer to her climax.

As Marissa moved faster, Evan's tongue pressed harder against her clit and his finger moved deeper and faster within her. A flush built on her skin starting from her chest and climbing up her neck, into her cheeks. She could not hold back any more. I'm going to cum!" she exclaimed. He added another finger for her to take in and firmly sucked on her clit as the waves of pleasure hit her, radiating from her center, making her clamp down on his fingers, trying to pull him closer. She wrapped her legs around his neck as a deep flush filled her entire body and she cried out and began to buck forcing Evan to let go of her for a moment. He simply redoubled his efforts and held on while she finished her rise and fall.

Marissa calmed her movements and turned still, breathing heavily, and heart racing. Evan pulled back slowly from her, his face covered in her cum he looked up and licked his lips. She sat up and beckoned him toward her and kissed him deeply, tasting her own juices and lapping them up.

"Thank you," she said sweetly. "That was amazing."

"Yes it was." He smiled down at her.

They looked into each other's eyes, taking in the moment.

"So are you hungry now?" he asked with a sly smile.

"Oh yes," she replied with a devilish look. Then she reached down for his belt and began to unbuckle it for the next round.