 I had known Shannon for many years from our time as swingers when her and her husband and my now ex would hang out and play. In those years our time together to play just the two of us hadn't really occurred. 

Aside from her being just sexy as hell we have a few other common interests such as sexy outfits and especially sexy bra and panties. She told me recently that she hasn't purchased a new set in some time. I told her that I like buying those things for women I get to be with and would have a lot of fun doing so for her.

Well our time had finally come that we are allowed to play, just the two of us. So we agreed to meet for lunch and have some sushi and drinks along with no small amount of teasing from her. 

When we were done with lunch we went back to my place for the next phase of our afternoon. I took her to my bedroom to show her the boxes of lingerie I had purchased for her. 

First I showed her a lovely red and black lace set with a sexy thong, she's a thong girl and I love that about her. I helped her undress which came with some heavy making out and groping. She told me she was freshly sugared and she was so soft and sexy all over. 

I layed down to enjoy the show as she cycled through a couple more sets. By the second I was down to my boxers and stroking my cock in so much excitement over the sexy woman in front of me. The final set was a dark green satin bra and thong set that I know is a great color on her. 

Once she was done modeling she laid down with me to kiss and fondle and let me feel the soft lingerie on her. 

The kissing and fondling heated up and she was stroking my very hard cock now. And I was excited feeling how wet she was making her satiny new panties. After a bit I begrudgingly let her remove the pretty bra so I could suck her lovely tits and magnificent nipples. I now had my hand in her panties and was telling her how much I was looking forward to making her cum more than once with my tongue that she loved so much. As she was getting very close now I took a nipple into my mouth to suck. This elicited louder moans and once I bit her nipple, my work on her clit paid off as she went rigid and came in her beautiful new thong. 

I let her settle a minute until I told her to straddle my face as that was something we had talked about but never done. She tasted as sweet as I remembered and she was grinding on my face in short order. A short bit into this I maneuvered her forward just a bit so I could slip my tongue slightly into her ass. This wasn't something we had discussed but I'm more than a bit kinky. I didn't get myself slapped and got a fun squeal out of it so I call it a win. As she continued to grind into my face and her moans got louder she soon covered my mouth in her delicious nectar. She dismounted and kissed me, tasting herself which she is not shy about. 

I told her to hop on top of my cock which was oddly not something we had done in our foursome situations. And hell I wanted to watch my cock disappear into her and be able to play with her sexy tits at the same time. She reached down to help pull her panties to the side and then used her other hand to play with her clit. I'm not sure who was more excited to have my thick hard cock inside her, as we were both in heaven. While she was working her pussy up and down and rubbing her clit i was playing with her nipples. But the thing that put her over the edge was my hand around her throat choking just a little. She soon exploded on my cock. 

She moved off of me and quickly took me deep into her mouth, she knew that her tasting herself on my cock was a huge turn on for me. And I was loudly moaning my appreciation and she sucked me while I fondled her sexy ass.

I wanted to fuck her from behind so I got behind her and slid her sopping wet thong to the side. The sight of her drenched thong was a lovely site to me and so it remains. I slid myself in with a deep thrust and holding her hips to get deep. I loved the view and knew she was not afraid of some good spanking so while I pounded her from behind I gave her several swift swats. Very soon the whole situation combined with the satin thong rubbing against my cock and her velvety pussy were too much. I then pulled out and was nearly howling in pleasure as I blew my load on her panty covered ass.

What a day and I'm just starting to think of what we can get up to next time.