 I can honestly say that I wasn't all that impressed the first time I met Dawn. It wasn't really anything that she did and she was an attractive girl, but I actually felt compelled to avoid her. As shallow and pathetic as it may sound, the reason was simply that my roommate and another of our acquaintances were both all over her that night. Rob had met her a few nights earlier and couldn't stop talking about her, so I was anxious to meet this girl-of-his-dreams. We got to the bar and he barely introduced me before he started drooling and trying to impress her. Scott soon joined him.

Like I said, she was a pretty girl, but I didn't see her as someone to lose your mind, or your dignity, over. Maybe part of what bothered me was that she appeared to expect the attention rather than appreciate it. In any case, I drank my beer and let Rob and Scott make fools of themselves.

Since Rob liked her so much, I started seeing more of her. They never "went out" or anything, but they did hang out quite a bit. The weird thing was that Rob wasn't getting anywhere with her and, the more time I spent with her, the more I liked her. It got to where Rob was ready to give up on her and I was right there, ready to pick up his torch. I quickly learned the source of Rob's frustration; Dawn liked to be liked but didn't want to be pursued. She wanted to be the center of attention, but she also wanted to be in control. It seemed as though she felt that by giving in to your attention, she'd be relinquishing some of her power over you. Luckily, it didn't take me long to figure this out, so I pretty much said, "Fuck it" and let things go back to how they'd been when Rob had been pursuing her. This change helped me realize that being indifferent was the key to having a relationship with her.

I wouldn't say I really used this knowledge to my advantage, because I did feel pretty indifferent toward her; I wasn't just acting that way. My indifference somehow made me more attractive to her, so she began giving me more attention. It was a classic Catch-22 because if I responded to her attention, our positions would be immediately reversed. The good thing was that knowing this made me feel even more indifferent. We spent time together, generally initiated by her, but I never treated her particularly special. I didn't treat her like crap, but I didn't treat her like the princess she seemed to think she was. It was truly an odd relationship.

One Friday night, we went to hang out with my brother and his wife at their apartment. Dawn was looking good that night, as she typically did. She was kind of short with long, curly hair, nice sized tits and a round ass. I would call her physique somewhat voluptuous. I'd admired her body plenty, but I really didn't expect that our odd relationship would progress to a point where I'd experience any more of it. She talked a big game sexually, too, which made me think that it was probably mostly bluster. 

We had a good time hanging out and consuming some cocktails, but as the night got late, Dawn fell asleep at one end of the couch and my sister-in-law called it a night and went to bed. My brother and I stayed up a bit longer, then he also went to bed and left me to debate what to do about sleeping arrangements. The couch was a fold-out, but Dawn was asleep on it. There was also a love seat that was much too short for me to sleep comfortably on. I had to decide whether to move her and open the couch or rough it on the love seat or the floor. I decided in favor of comfort and went over to pick Dawn up. Lifting her in my arms, I turned and set her back down on the love seat. She stirred as I started removing the couch cushions.

"So you get the couch and I get the love seat?" she asked in a groggy voice.

"I'm folding out the couch," I answered, continuing to work, "There's room for both of us, but you can stay there if you want to." She didn't say anything else and I honestly didn't care where she slept, so when the couch was ready, I crawled under the blanket. Almost immediately I felt her crawl in with me, though I was pleasantly surprised when she snuggled right up against me. I was lying on my back, so I slipped my arm around her shoulders while she rested her head on my shoulder and her hand on my chest. Her hand started to move, first rubbing my chest then gradually moving lower. It wasn't long before I was sporting a hard-on and she was massaging it.

As she rubbed my cock, I could feel her beginning to kiss my neck, working her way up to my jaw and across my cheek. By the time she reached my lips, I was ready for her so we quickly had our tongues in each other's mouths. While I squeezed her ass and ran my fingers through her hair, she was unfastening my jeans and reaching in for my cock. She stroked it in her hand a few times before pulling away from me and moving down to work my jeans and underwear off. My cock stood straight up, freed from its restraints, so she pumped it a few more times, then briefly sucked it into her mouth. She had bragged on more than one occasion about her oral skills and how much she enjoyed sucking cock, which I had scoffed at, knowing she'd never prove her claims. During the short time she sucked my cock that night, any doubts I had were dismissed. Unfortunately, at least I felt at the time, her cocksucking ended up being more of a tease on this occasion. She let my cock fall from her mouth and, in the dim light, I could see her standing on the fold-out. I watched as she undid her pants and pushed them and her panties to her ankles. She kicked them aside and stepped over me, then lowered herself down over my hips. Finding my cock still pointing skyward, she guided it into one of the wettest, hottest pussies I have ever felt in my life. I let out a soft moan of relief as my cock sunk fully into the depths of her sweet pussy.

She paused briefly, sitting on my hips, before starting to slowly ride my engorged cock. I ran my hands up her thighs from her knees to her hips, then held her by her fleshy hips as she moved up and down on my shaft. Damn, her pussy felt good! She was so slick with juices that she slid easily up and down my tool while also gripping me snugly. Since she was sitting almost straight up, I let one hand slip down to her trim bush in pursuit of her clit. Finding it, I brushed it lightly while she rode me, causing her to suck in her breath. She started riding me even harder, causing the bed to squeak slightly, but when she leaned forward, putting her hands on either side of my head, my hand was trapped between us and I couldn't stimulate her clit anymore. I pulled my hand free, placing it back on her hip, but soon started to slide both hands up her ribcage. When I encountered her bra, I moved my hands around to the front and fondled her tits, feeling her hard nipples pressing out against the thin material restraining them.

The pleasurable feeling of her pussy sliding up and down my cock was outstanding and I got the unmistakable impression that she was enjoying the feeling of my cock filling her pussy, as well. While she maintained a pretty steady pace sliding up and down my shaft, I reached around behind her and unclasped her bra. I unbuttoned her shirt and moved the bra cups up above her tits, feeling their heft and smooth flesh in my hands. They were so round and soft; I relished this opportunity that I would have never thought I'd ever have. I raised my head to lick and suck her hard nipples a few times, which was a little bit difficult due to our different statures. I played with her tits for a while longer while she continued to fuck me, but when she really picked up her pace and her hard breathing started to sound more like soft moaning, I reached around and grabbed a hold of her round ass. While pulling her down on me, I was pushing my hips up so that I'd penetrate her more deeply.

As she got closer to orgasming, I let one of my fingertips slip between her plump ass cheeks, sliding down until I found her puckered anus. When I started to massage it, Dawn seemed to be taken a bit by surprise and instinctively pulled her cheeks together. As she did, she let out a moan as her orgasm suddenly overtook her, causing her to shudder. I removed my finger but continued to push up into her and pull her down on me as she rode out her orgasm. Finally, she collapsed on top of me, her tits squishing between us. Rather than continue trying to fuck her like this, I waited for her to catch her breath, then rolled her over onto her back.

Now it was my turn to be in control. Dawn wrapped her legs around my back and her arms around my neck as I pumped my rigid tool in and out of her hot, slick pussy. Maybe it was the position or maybe it was that she'd just cum, but her pussy felt even more incredible as I lay over her, fucking her with long, quick strokes. We started making out as I was fucking her, our tongues slipping into each other's mouths. I wouldn't have minded fucking her all night long, as good as it felt, but I couldn't hold off my orgasm forever. I knew there was a chance that, come the morning light, our relationship would go right back to where it had been, so I made sure I appreciated every stroke of my cock in and out of her sweet pussy. If it never happened again, I was going to make sure I remembered every detail.

I increased my pace as I felt my orgasm looming over me. My cock started to swell within the soft confines of her pussy and finally, after a few more strokes, I exploded in an intense climax. I shot load after load of cum into her as she cried out softly. Once I'd finished, I collapsed onto her until I caught my breath, then rolled over next to her. I think it was only a matter of minutes before we were both asleep.

At some point during the night, Dawn shed her shirt and bra. When I awoke with daylight just seeping into the living room, I saw and felt that she was snuggled up against me, naked. I pulled off the shirt I was still wearing, pulled the blanket over us and was soon asleep again. I didn't stir again until I heard my brother get up. He used the bathroom then passed us on his way into the kitchen, where it sounded like he was making coffee. Dawn woke with a start, realizing she was naked and someone else was awake in the house. She seemed to relax when she realized that she was covered, then turned her head to look at me. I realized that this was the moment of truth and was quite pleased when she moved her head in my direction as if to kiss me. I brought my lips to hers and we kissed a passionate little kiss that assured me that the festivities of the previous night weren't over yet. She asked me to help her gather her clothes before my brother passed through the room again, so I looked around, gathering up what I could find while she sat up with the blanket pulled around her boobs.

I found her pants and panties just off the end of the bed and held her panties up to admire them before handing them over since I hadn't gotten a good look at them when she'd taken them off. They were light pink and red bikinis that I was sure looked outstanding on her. Finding my own underwear and jeans, I pulled them on as she grabbed her bra and shirt from over the side of the fold-out bed, still trying to keep herself covered with the blanket. I went over to the side of the bed nearest the kitchen and held the blanket up like a curtain so she could dress more easily. While this was my main intention, I also wanted to be able to watch her while she dressed. She wasn't shy about being naked in front of me as she wiggled her way into her panties, which did look outstanding on her. She then pulled on her bra, covering her large tits and their big areolas. I was starting to pitch a tent looking at her in just bra and panties, so I hoped that I was right about there being some additional festivities ahead that day.

Once she'd finished dressing, we fixed up the bed and folded it away, then replaced the couch cushions. The coffee was about ready by then, so we joined my brother in the kitchen with my sister-in-law following close behind. After sticking around a little while for the coffee but declining breakfast, we took off for Dawn's place. I was driving and Dawn was having trouble keeping her hands off me, not that I wanted her to. She vacillated between talking about the night before and talking about the day ahead, all while running her hands over me, kissing me and making out with me any time it was safe. By the time we got to her apartment, she had decided that the first thing that we were going to do would be to shower together. Once we were inside and the door was locked, we began shedding our clothes as we headed toward the bathroom. I was naked by the time we got there, but because she had to unbutton her shirt, she was still wearing her bra and panties. Her ass looked outstanding in her bikini panties; I was already sporting a woody. While she leaned into the shower to turn on and adjust the water, I did her the favor of helping her finish undressing. Kneeling behind her as she bent over, I slid her panties down her thighs and let them drop to her ankles. I couldn't resist licking the pussy peeking at me from between her thighs and continued licking up to her asshole before standing. As she stood, satisfied with the water temperature, I unfastened her bra and slid my hands around to cup her breasts as she shed it. Her nipples were hard against my palms as I fondled her breasts, my hard cock pressing between her ass cheeks.

I leaned down to kiss her neck, then whispered that we should hop in. I stared at her ass as she stepped in, then followed her under the spray. She turned to face me, her back to the showerhead, and reached down to stroke my rigid tool. I brought my lips to hers as she stroked me and we made out until she told me she wanted to get fucked. I reached down and picked her up under her ass, leaning her against the tile wall. She reached down to guide my cock into her pussy as I lowered her slightly, then I positioned her so that I could fuck her against the wall. My second time inside her pussy didn't disappoint; she was as soft and wet as she had been the previous night. She held onto my neck and wrapped her legs around me as I pumped my cock in and out of her hot pussy. Careful of my footing, I thrust into her over and over, burying my cock as deeply as I could into her. Her pussy felt amazing sliding up and down my shaft and, by the sounds she was making, it appeared that my cock was making her feel pretty good, too. Her moans and cries echoed in the small bathroom, getting louder and closer together the longer I fucked her.

The water poured over us and Dawn held me tightly while I repeatedly thrust my cock deep into the sweet depths of her pussy. Luckily, she wasn't a big girl so I was able to support her for as long as I needed. It was also lucky that she was pretty worked up and her orgasm wasn't too long in coming. Using the wall for support was helpful, but standing up in the shower while fucking wasn't the easiest thing to do. I wasn't aware at the time of any discomfort, though, because all I could focus on was the pleasurable feeling of my cock sliding in and out of her pussy. When Dawn let out a cry and shuddered through an orgasm, I continued to fuck her, enjoying the additional lubrication flooding her pussy. Once she'd finished cumming, though, she had me set her down, my cock popping free.

She gave me a passionate kiss, then took a bottle of shower gel and worked a handful of it into a lather before applying it to my penis. She stroked my penis, coating it well and continuing to draw me toward my own orgasm, then lathered up her tits. Squatting in front of me, she squeezed my soapy cock between her tits and started sliding them up and down. Although it wasn't as nice as fucking her pussy, fucking Dawn's tits was pretty awesome, too. I thrust my cock as she slid her tits up and down, enjoying the feel of the soft flesh squeezing my cock. We worked up a foamy lather as I tit-fucked her, my orgasm slowly building until I exploded in her face. Dawn was prepared, opening her mouth to catch what she could. Once I was spent, she stood and we actually washed each other. Of course, running our hands all over each other as we soaped up and rinsed off, by the time we turned off the shower we were all worked up again.

I told Dawn as I toweled her off that I intended to take her to bed and eat her pussy until she screamed. Her response was that she intended to let me. I patted her dry, paying close attention to every square inch of her body and planting kisses at strategic points. As many times as I'd admired her body, I not only never thought I'd have the opportunity to see it completely naked, I never expected to see any part of it undressed. I was absolutely relishing this moment, having her totally naked before me with free reign over her hot body. Even when she was dry and the towel cast aside, I continued to run my hands over her, touching every curve and exploring every crevice. Though Dawn was enjoying the attention, she finally complained that she'd like her turn to dry me off. I relented and stood while she took a towel and dried me in much the same matter as I had her. I wasn't hard by the time she finished, but I was well on my way.

We made out again before she led me to her bedroom, crawling up onto the queen-size bed and lying in the middle with her legs spread wide. Here was a girl who knew what she liked! I crawled up after her, first moving up far enough to make out with her some more before kissing my way down her body. I started by kissing her neck, which she seemed to like, then journeyed down her chest to her tits, where I lavished some oral attention on her hard nipples. From there, I crossed her stomach and headed due south from her belly button. Once I reached the edge of her pubes, I kissed around her bush before raising my head to admire her pussy. Her dark hair was neatly groomed and trimmed short, making for an attractive and appealing dish. I leaned back in and ran my tongue from the bottom of her slit to the top, collecting the juices she was producing. I felt one of Dawn's hands on my head and glanced up to see her eyes closed, her mouth hanging open and her other hand on her tit. I smiled and went back to licking her slit, up the middle, up one side then the other and where they joined at the bottom. I avoided contact with her clit at first, trying to create a big build up, just licking up and down her salty lips. I finally slipped a finger into her and watched the expressions on her face as I pumped it in and out for a bit before eventually approaching her clit with my tongue.

With the first lick of her clit, Dawn reacted as if she'd received an electric shock, but the moan of pleasure assured me that she was not feeling any pain. I felt a little pain, though, as the hand in my hair gripped tightly, but I worked through it and kept my focus on tonguing her. Pumping my finger slowly in and out of her, I lapped at her clit with my tongue flat and wide and flicked it with the tip of my tongue as she writhed and moaned on the bed. With my free hand, I was spreading her lips away from her clit, giving me unrestricted access and giving her unobstructed stimulation. Dawn released my hair and gripped handfuls of the bedspread while subtly rocking her hips against my face. Her moaning was getting long and drawn-out, indicating that she was building up slowly, an orgasmic wave looming higher and closer, waiting to wash over her.

The rocking of her hips became more pronounced once I slipped a second finger in to join the first. She was humping my fingers as I continued to lick her clit. She sounded like she was getting anxious to cum, so I pulled the last trick out of my bag and began to suck on her clit. Technically, I could have stopped there because she actually screamed with pleasure, but I continued, feeling a different kind of satisfaction. She thrashed about, crying out loudly while I finger-fucked her and sucked her, feeling pleased that I was providing her with so much pleasure. Her cries got higher in pitch and her ass was coming up off the bed as she forced her pussy against my face, so I knew she was getting very close. I just kept up what I was doing until she finally let out a long, low, ragged moan and went limp on the bed. I continued to eat her until she stopped convulsing and lay still.
