 He pulled away, undressing for her, making a show of it. He was well built, his rigid member standing out from his body, long, twitching with every beat of his heart. A clear, glistening drop of precum drew her eyes to him and she blushed as she could not stop the moan of appreciation that slipped from her.

"Do you want me?" He whispered, slowly stroking himself, stepping so that the tip was inches from her mouth. 

"Yes... please..." Her voice shook as she tried to kiss the tip, only to have him step back.

"Not yet." She nearly sobbed when he said that. With a smile he went back to exploring, teasing her pulsing button, bringing her to the edge and then bringing her back.

He drank the nectar that flowed from her, tongue lapping eagerly at her flesh. He sucked her button, moaning as she flooded his mouth with her sweet juices. This was what he had looked for, dreamed of. Now she was here and he wanted her to scream with pleasure--to never want to leave.

She was going mad. She wanted him inside her, wanted to feel his length filling her. "Please! I need you!"

He moved up her body, kissing the warm, sweat slicked flesh lovingly. "When I take you, nothing will ever feel as good, no one will ever take my place." He kissed her fiercely. "Say it..."

She looked into his eyes, hers glazed with need. "No one but you..."

He pressed into her as deeply as he could, feeling the extra tightness as he entered her womb. She cried out as he shifted, holding her legs up against his chest as he thrust in and out with agonizing slowness. He watched her and also glanced at the sight of his thickness moving in and out of her, parting the sweetly swollen lips that looked like the petals of a dew kissed rose. 

He drove her to the first of many orgasms, thrilled at the sight of her breasts heaving as she thrashed beneath him. He then began to thrust harder, driving himself into her and allowing one hand to stroke her button mercilessly. 

She was screaming out as she climaxed over and over. When he moved to thrust his manhood into her mouth she took it eagerly, sucking it down into her throat as her hands stroked and caressed his sac. He clutched her hair as he watched her suckling him. He would fill her womb with his seed later--for now he wanted to see her suck him dry, take him into her, feed from him.

With a howl he exploded, moaning as she missed not a drop of his offering to her. She sucked until nothing was left, whimpering when he pulled away to settle beside her. He held her close, cuddling her and whispering. "The night is yet young, we will share ourselves many times before the dawn comes." He kissed her neck tenderly. "Next I will show you pleasure and pain..." 

She was dazed, sated. Never had a man made her feel like this. She lay there, moaning softly every time her tender nipples brushed his skin. When they had slept a while he awoke her with a kiss.

"Now... to experience pain."

He rolled her over and brought his hand down on her rounded ass. She cried out and moaned. He spanked her until her ass was red and she was writhing in need. Then he pulled her from the bed and guided her to a special room. She gaped as he settled her on a padded table and strapped her arms and legs down. Her legs were far apart and she whimpered as he took a thin whip from a shelf. 

"Noooo..."

His reaction was quick. He struck her across the breasts hard with the leather whip.

"Yes... and you will soon beg for more..."

She soon was lost in a world of pain and pleasure. He would spank, pinch, bite... then plunge his tongue, fingers or manhood inside her. She was brought close to climax numerous times and dropped back each time. Her body was burning from the welts and the aching in her loins. She was sobbing as he teased her yet again. Then with a savage move he slammed into her, pounding her swollen sex roughly. 

He gripped her hips as he filled her with himself. As she rammed back against him he felt his release approaching. As she screamed out, he filled her with his seed, almost feeling it hit the walls of her fertile womb. He reached down and pinched her button, making her climax again.

"Yessss" 

The word came out as a hiss as she tightened around him. He withdrew and undid her bonds. With surprising strength he carried to the bath and tenderly cleaned her and dressed her hurts. He placed her in bed and held her tightly as she drifted off to sleep. 

"Sleep well beloved... tomorrow I will make you truly mine... for all eternity."

CHAPTER TWO

Morning passed... then afternoon. It was dusk by the time she opened her eyes. He was already awake and gazing at her with an odd expression that bespoke of too many emotions to untangle.

She touched his cool face and whispered. "I don't even know your name..."

He smiled, capturing her hand and kissing the palm, all too aware of the sweet scent of her blood as it pumped through her veins.

"My name Anton Dupree."

His voice made her shiver and she moved closer to him, wondering why he was so cool to the touch. She looked up at him, losing herself in his silver/grey eyes.

"I'm Marissa Collins..."

He kissed her deeply, tongue dancing with hers as he trailed his sharp nails down her spine. When he pulled back he gave her a enigmatic look.

"I must leave for a while... you will stay here. There is no need for you to return to your home. All your things will be here tonight. Just rest and await my return."

Before she could speak he was dressed and gone. He had to feed and quickly. Normally what he had consumed before he arrived at the party the night before would have lasted him days. He was very old and did not need as much as the younger ones of his kind. 

But the sexual activity had burned all his reserves and he was desperately hungry. He vanished into the night in search of the blood he needed to survive.

Marissa lay there for some time. she was almost afraid to explore... but hunger drove her out of bed. She found a well stocked kitchen and made herself a tray with fruits and cheeses. On a whim she poured herself a glass of wine and padded back into the bedroom.

She looked around the room as she ate. All of it was so... elegant. She saw what appeared to be antiques lining the walls, books that seemed to be just as old. She even saw scrolls in an airtight glass case.

Anton had made her feel beautiful, sexual. She finished her meal and was just going to wash her dishes when a hulking man walked in. She yelped and cowered on the bed in fear. He ignored her and began to haul in boxes and things. One by one he settled them in a huge walk in closet, never once uttering a word to her.

The city was shrouded in darkness as Anton slipped in and out of the shadows. He slipped into a club filled with young mortals. He blended in and watched. He was picky about his meals... no drug filled junkies or drunken fools for him. Their blood tasted dirty, tainted to him.

Finally he saw her... dancing wildly, drunk on the music and alone. He was suddenly at her side. She smiled at him and kept dancing, too innocent to know the danger she was in. He danced with her, cloaking himself so that no one paid him any mind. Only her... she of the pale blonde locks and blood that smelled of summer.

Soon they were dancing closer and he pulled her to him for a searing kiss. She responded eagerly, slender arms going around his neck. He did not enjoy the contact. She was not his queen... his Marissa. He pulled her into a shadowy corner and kissed down her neck. 

She was moaning in pleasure and pressing closer to him. He felt no remorse for what he was about to do. He had been using mortals for food for too long to care about their insignificant little lives. He sank his fangs into her jugular, tingling as her sweet blood filled his mouth. She gasped once and then was silent as he drained her dry. 

He was licking his lips as he scooped up her lifeless body and escaped out of a storeroom window. She would be given to his pets as a treat. Two more women died that night before his hunger was slaked. Two more treats for his pets.

Marissa waited until the odd giant had gone before going through her things. She knew she should be afraid of all this... but Anton had a grip on her that she found she enjoyed. For once in her life she was not going to second guess her instincts.

She was just opening a third box when Anton came into the room. She smiled and went to him when he held out his hand. He was warm again and his lips tasted sweeter than ever when he kissed her.

He was nuzzling her neck when he whispered her name reverently. "Marissa... my queen." He pulled back and led her to the large library room he had. A silent servant brought her a silk robe and wine before gliding away again.

He settled in a chair across from hers and began to speak. "What I am about to tell you my love is a long story and one you might not believe. All I ask is you listen and remain quiet until the end." When she nodded he went on.

"I was born in what is now France well over three thousand years ago. I worked the land just as my mortal father did. We were gathers... planters of crops. I had a wife... a woman much like you. She was my life.

Marissa couldn't help but hear the pain in his deep voice and she ached for him. Part of her began to realize that it was truth he spoke... but that would make him something that was impossible... wasn't it?

He went on, staring into space. "We were expecting our first child when invaders came. They took her from me... used her brutally then slit her throat. I escaped... barely. I hid in the woods, healing, planning. A man found me. He took me in, healed me.

He taught me things and treated me as a son. One night, when the moon shone full he took my mortal life from me and gave me an eternal one."

At her stunned look he whispered. "Yes Marissa, I am a vampire... one of the undead. I learned and grew strong under his care. Then I sought the men that took my love from me. One by one I drained them of their blood, then tore their shells into pieces in my rage and grief.

I loved her so. She had a smile that would make a room light up in the darkest of times. She was kind, loving, gentle. I thought killing the ones who took her life would ease my pain... I was sadly mistaken. Years went by, decades, then centuries and still I ached with loneliness."

His eyes met hers and she saw that the memories had dulled them. She moved to sit at his feet, resting her head on his knee and offering silent support. He stroked her hair absently as he went on.

"I began to search, hoping to find one I could spend all eternity with. Even as I killed time and time again to survive, I sought the one life I would want to keep. I grew cultured as my sire did. What he learned he taught to me. We traveled the world, feeding, growing older and stronger.

He did not understand my need for love... but did not deny me the chance to find it. there were other siblings along the way. But once trained he walked away from them... me he kept close. Perhaps it was because I was the first he created... perhaps he was attracted sexually, not that he ever touched me in that manner. All I know is that he was my constant companion."

He paused as a servant stepped in. The man handed Anton a glass of... blood. Marissa watched as he sipped from it and without thinking kissed a drop of the ruby red liquid from his lips. Anton stared at her in amazement. He kissed her in return, a soft moan slipping past his lips.

It was with great effort that he continued his story, only now he had her in his lap, holding her tightly to him.

We were in Egypt when it happened. He went hunting alone as I studied a set of scrolls we had found. He was caught by two of my brothers. They resented his interest in me and took it out on him. He called to me once... then all was silent. I raced to him, only to just have time to watch him die as they burned him. I went mad I think. I killed them both, tearing them apart." 

He rested his head on her breasts, sounding so weary... so forlorn. She stroked his silken hair, tears in her eyes. He spoke again, voice deeper with remembered grief.

"I have been alone for so long my love... searching for you. Please... allow me to bring you over... to keep you at my side for all time. Do not doom me to eternal pain."

Marissa made him look at her and then kissed him deeply. She stroked his smooth cheek as she spoke. "Anton... if someone had told me I would be here... right now listening to a vampire I would have laughed at them. But now..." She tilted her head back, exposing her throat to him. "Make me one with you... for all time."

There was no fear. She loved this being that had swept into her life. He had made her feel wanted... needed. she could not imagine herself being anywhere but here with Anton.

Anton gazed at her for several long moments. After all this time, what he had looked so hard for was in his grasp. His hand gently gripped the back of her neck as he lowered his mouth to her throat. "Thank you." 

Then his fangs sank into her, her precious blood spilling over his lips. Marissa clung to him until her vision began to fade, even as death took her there was no fear. She trusted him to bring her back. Anton held her tightly as her heartbeat slowed, then stopped.

With loving care he carried her to their bed. He settled her there tenderly, smoothing her hair from her face. Once he knew she was ready he made a cut on his wrist and held it over her lips, letting the dark fluid slide down her throat. 

Marissa woke with a cry of agony as the vampiric blood changed her. Anton held her as she screamed and writhed. Her body burned from the inside out as the changes took place. Then she collapsed in his arms, eyes looking to his in amazement.

"I am... hungry." She whispered softly. He smiled and offered her his wrist. Her fangs extended as she drank deeply from her lover. When he pulled away, she smiled at him, licking a gleaming droplet from her lips.

Anton stretched out beside her as dawn broke over the city. "Sleep beloved. When darkness falls we hunt and I introduce you to your new world...

Slumber came quickly. Curled up in each others arms, the vampires rested safe in the knowledge that they would have each others love until all time ended.