 Every time I saw him I got those familiar stirrings. But I didn't think he thought anything about the flirting and hugging and stolen glances, so nothing was every done about it. I played pool every week with some friends and he was always there. Every week was the same thing, we would play fight, tickle and poke at each other.

I would watch him play, just sitting back and casually watching him. Admiring his charming looks and his contagious smile. I thought that sometimes he would watch me too. I made a point of always wearing something nice on pool night. Something casual but very flattering to my 36c breasts, hugging my tight belly and that showed off my heart-shaped ass. I knew there had to be some attraction there because of all the flirting, I wished I could tell him how much I wanted him and wanted to be with him.

We talked online just about everyday: meaningful conversations about what was going on and what had happened in our lives. We talked about everything, and because we were such good friends it seemed as though no subject was taboo. One night our conversations seemed to become a little more serious.

I don't remember what sparked it, maybe an off-the-cuff comment from my roommate, but I was cranky and Peyton was trying his best to cheer me up: saying nice things.

"Don't pout. You know you're cute as a button. It's so nice having you to talk to."

"Peyton, you're making me blush. You're such a sweetie, I didn't know you cared ;)"

"More than you know."

"lol oh, you're just saying that to make me feel better, you goof :P"

"whatever you want to believe, but I do mean it."

"oh Peyton, you do love me ;)"

"I don't want to talk about this over the computer. Can I take you out to lunch tomorrow, I want to talk to you before we go to pool tomorrow night."

"Alright, um... I guess I can take off early from work. We can go somewhere and talk. I'll just tell the guys that we'll be late and to start without us."

"Then I'll see you tomorrow at three, beautiful."

"Night night Pey, we'll talk tomorrow."

He walked into my office at 2:30 the next day. He looked incredible as always. His short red hair was done just how I liked it. He was dressed, as always, professional and so sexy. His green-brown eyes stared into mine and the smile on his face told me that something was up. I felt a shiver go down my back and down to my aching pussy.

Walking out of the building I was quiet, my stomach was a mass of butterflies, being around him made me feel so wonderful: like I could cum at a moment's notice. He was incredible, 5'10", thin and toned (discovered from many tickling attempts). I found it hard to keep me hands off him but without knowing how he felt, I wasn't willing to ruin something really good.

He stopped his car outside my favorite restaurant, perfect for quiet personal conversations: each booth is enclosed by full stone walls, like you had a private little room to yourself. We ordered drinks and settled in for one our usual long talks. I had made sure to look beautiful for him. I wore a sheer white blouse with a lacy camisole underneath and a short grey skirt to show off my long legs. My blonde hair was tied up in a sexy tousled look. All to make him focus on my curves. There was a chill as I took my jacket off and I knew he could easily see my hard nipples pushing against the soft material of my shirt.

"So Peyton, what did you want to talk to me about?"

"Well...now that I'm sitting in front of you I'm finding it a little difficult to say."

"Oh come on Pey, you didn't want to say anything on Messenger because you wanted to talk to me face to face. I thought we could talk about anything."

The waitress broke the tension as she brought in our drinks, we ordered our meals. I thought that I knew what he was going to say but there was an urgency and a fear in his voice that concerned me. I didn't want him to say that he knew how I felt and that he wanted nothing to do with it, and that's the impression I was getting. He brought me here to let me down easy. But I sat in silence and waited for the waitress to leave. I would hear him out.

"Pey, you can say whatever you need to say. You're my friend and if there's something you want to tell me I will listen."

He looked me deep in the eyes. His beautiful eyes went right through me and for a moment in the silence I forgot what was happening, he opened his soft lips and I could see he was trying to push the words out. "I just wanted to be able to look in your eyes and for you to be able to see mine when I said that I love you."

I felt a chill go up and down my spine when I heard the words. They rang in my ears like the sweetest song I had heard. I was smiling, dumbfound, but he could see that I was happy about it.

"Peyton, I-"

"I've wanted to tell you for so long but I couldn't do it until we were alone. You are the most incredible person I've ever met, you are my match. I just had to tell you how I feel even if nothing can ever happen between us. You had to know what I love you so much." A small grin appeared on his face.

"Peyton, I love you too. I have for quite some time now but I didn't say anything because I didn't believe you felt the same for me. I didn't want to ruin what we have together now. I have wanted to be with you so long and so much."

Peyton grinned and took my shaking hands. We looked at each other for what seemed like hours but the waitress came back with our food. I didn't expect we would make it to pool that night, there were too many things to say, so much lost time to catch up on.

We talked more openly now that we knew way the other felt, all the times we'd almost said or done something, only to hold back out of fear of rejection. Peyton reached across the table and caressed my cheek and touched my lips. I kissed his long fingers softly one by one. I couldn't believe I was actually able to do what I had been dreaming of for two years.

We sat and ate in silence and looked into each other's eyes. We paid the bill and left walking hand in hand, I looked ahead but I could see him looking, at me out of the corner of my eye, at my breasts that were lifting and falling with each step. I wanted him to touch them, to suck and nibble on my hard nipples. I had dreamt of these moments and now they were going to come true.

We got to his apartment and I sat in his papasan while he fixed us some drinks in the kitchen. I could hear him walking toward me, putting the glasses on the coffee table. He pulled me from the chair and held me close.

He turned me around and hugged me tight from behind, he was placing soft kisses on the back of my neck. I arched my back and reached back to hold his head close to me and play with the little hairs on the back of his neck. His hands started to rub my lean stomach and just beneath my breasts. I was aching for him.

"My god Peyton, this feels so good, I love you."

He started to pull my blouse from my skirt and un-button it. I put my arms down to my sides and he slipped the shear material off my shoulders. Another chill went through me and I could feel my nipples were reaching out to be played with and sucked on. He wasted no time, his cool hands went under my camisole and cupped my breasts. I shivered with his touch. He lightly pinched my nipples and gently squeezed my breasts, never stopping the barrage of kisses on my neck and shoulders.

I turned to face him and started to unbutton his shirt, kissing down his chest with each button. His body was more incredible than I had ever imagined in all my fantasies. Peyton pulled my camisole over my head and looked hungrily at me, he took my head in his hands and pulled me in for a kiss. His kiss was so satisfying. After all this time: feeling his bare chest against my bare breasts and his kiss almost made me cum right there in his arms. It was so much better than I had imagined all the times that I came for him in my lonely bed. His lips were so soft but forceful and his tongue massaged mine as if he we were meant to kiss each other.

My hands massing his bare toned back as his warming hands gently caressed, almost tickled, my back. His hands moved up my back to my shoulders and he held me close. We broke our kiss and he leaned into me: my head fell back and my eyes closed as his kisses traveled down my neck to my shoulders and then to my breasts. I had worked myself into a frenzy so many times just thinking about doing this and now it was happening, I knew I would cum before he entered me.

His tongue and lips worked magic on my breasts and nipples. They stood out for him, begging to be licked, nibbled and sucked by his mouth. I was so close.

"Peyton, I'm going to cum baby. Don't stop. Make me cum for you."

A couple of quick sucks and I was cumming hard. My knees gave out but Peyton held me tight while he continued his assault on my naked tits. When my head started to clear my hands moved to the button of his pants, just as his hands moved to unzip my skirt. My skirt fell to the floor and he pulled me close, whispering in my ear. 

"I've never had a woman cum because of that before." He smiled and arched my back. His tongue found my sensitive nipples: one, then the other. He started to nibble on them and I shivered. I could feel his hard cock pressing against me and my pussy was wet and aching but he continued his assault on my nipples: nibbling and sucking them. I could feel another orgasm slowly coming on.

"Oh god Pey, you're going to make me cum again, that feels so good."

He looked up into my eyes, "I've got you baby." He went back to kissing and sucking my nipples and I could feel it building. His hands on my back and grabbing my ass to steady me. I moaned his name and could feel his smiling. It was so close I was shaking.

"Pey, I'm cumming, I'm fucking cumming. This feels so good." One long groan and I climaxed. My chest and cheeks flushed. Peyton slowly kissed up my chest and neck to my lips. My lips opened for his soft tongue and my hands moved down his back to his waist. I kissed down his chest and stomach until I was on my knees at his feet. I pulled his pants down over his hips and down his legs, he stepped out of the rest of his clothes.

I kissed up his right leg, up his calf, his thigh, to his hip and raked my tongue around to his toned stomach. His hard cock was pressing against my chest. He pulled me up from the floor, took my hand and we walked to his bedroom.

He laid me down on the bed and he looked down at me from the foot of the bed. His naked body was breathtaking: trim and toned, his cock was standing at full attention for me. He leaned down and took hold of my silky white panties gently pulling them down from my hips. He stopped when he noticed that my pussy lips were almost bare. A smile came across his lips and he pulled my panties off quickly and dropped them to the floor. He climbed up the bed toward me, kissing all the way up.

"I can't believe you remembered." He whispered in my ear.

"Of course I did. I just never thought you'd get a chance to see it. I love how it feels when the hairs are short and trimmed. It's for you baby."

I knew this would be perfect, Peyton and I had talked about what we liked so we both knew what to do. He whispered again, "I love you so much sugar, I can't believe I'm finally going to get the chance to make love to you. This is our night."

He kissed me so deeply, it felt like there was nobody else in the world. Slowly and with a sexy, devilish grin he moved down my body, never looking away from my eyes. He stopped at my wet, aching pussy and took a breath. "You smell so good, I'm going to love this." He kissed my pussy lips gently and spread them with his fingers, revealing my swollen clit. He dove right in: licking, flicking and sucking on my little button. I came almost immediately and he kept licking and sucking my clit with his wonderful tongue while I bucked my hips, moaning and groaning. He pushed two fingers into my wanton pussy and stroked my g-spot until I came in gushes on to his hand.

Once I could speak I groaned, "make love to me Peyton. I want to feel you inside of me."

He pulled me toward him and he sat down on the end of the bed. He lowered me down on his cock and I wrapped my legs around him, his cock buried deep in my hot tight cunt. He moved me up and down on his stiff member.

"oh Peyton, you feel so good inside of me. I wish we could do this forever. I want you to make me cum over and over. I love you so much baby." Moans and groans filled the room, the smell of sex intoxicating.

"You're so beautiful Anna. I love how you feel on my cock."

Peyton stood up, my legs still wrapped around him, his cock still buried deep inside. He laid me down on the bed and sucked on my nipples as he picked up the pace. I was so close to cumming again and I knew he was close too. I squeezed my pussy walls around his member as I came again.

He moaned, "of Anna, I'm cumming." And with one loud groan he collapsed into my arms and we kissed again. I could feel his cock still hard inside me, I couldn't believe it. I moved me hips around and he moaned into my mouth, then broke our kiss. His eyes lit up when I said, "I hope you're not tired because I want to do that again." I rolled us over and pulled him out of me and lay down beside him. I started to flick his little nipple with my tongue, he closed his eyes and groaned.

My kisses moved down and I flashed a devilish smirk as I got down on my knees on the floor so I could take his cock in my mouth. He looked at me wide-eyed, "You don't have to do that Anna, I-"

"I know Pey. I just know I'll love the way we taste together."

He smiled and leaned back on the bed and I started the tongue bath on his luscious cock. I was right, the taste was delicious. I licked up and down the shaft of his cock and pushed the tip into my mouth and slowly moved my lips down his length, wanting to take it all. Peyton pulled me off and up so he could kiss me. I straddled him and impaled myself with his beautiful cock.

to be continued...