 After resting for a bit, Sam noticed my hard on was still there, she leaned over and removed my hand, grabbed the lube, squeezed some out onto her hand and began stroking my cock very slowly, pulling back the foreskin, coating the head, and then stroking me some more.

She said, are you ready to hear about my night of debauchery? Was I? Christ, this is what I had been waiting to hear and live for yrs.

She told me, that she wanted me to make her tell me, to switch roles, and damn that sounded good to me, because I am normally a dominant lover, and although I must admit to enjoy the change of scenery earlier, this what I really love, to be in control, and to have her tell me all about her sexual exploits and with this being true and being very recent, only made it that much more exciting and me that much harder.

I got off the bed and went to the closet, and brought out or toys. I love accessories in the bedroom.

I placed the bag of toys on the nightstand, and lay on the bed beside her, and told her to start at the beginning.

She said the evening started out like most of the nights that she goes on her private dates. She went and sat at the bar, checking it out. She ordered a drink and looked around and there were a few business men, standing, chatting and talking work. It was the typical Friday night work crowd. In the corner, there were a few women, obviously single either releasing tension or out to get laid.

All of a sudden over in the far corner were 4 very good looking men, around 35ish, dressed in business clothes, but the jackets were over the chairs. Knowing Sam has a thing for younger men (Sam being mid-forties) I asked if one in particular caught her eye. She told me to be quiet and she would get to that soon enough.

I had been fingering her wet cunt, loving the feeling of the remaining cum, but felt I had better let her know who was boss, so reached up, grabbed a nipple and twisted it hard. She let out a groan, and I reminded her, that she was in charge earlier, and I was in charge now. She gave me a grin, and continued with her story.

She said she looked the guys up and down, but thought because of the age, and the four of them, that she would not have much luck there.

Within minutes one of the guys came up to the bar to get a drink, and made sure he was right beside her, even though the bar itself had plenty of empty chairs.

She caught him trying to look her up and down, and when Sam smiled, and he shyly said hi. While waiting for his drink, she caught him, this time trying to look down her top, as her push up bra was definitely making sure her 38 DD tits were on display. The guy grabbed his drink, and went back to his buddies, and within minutes another one came up beside her and ordered a drink. This one being a bit bolder, told her that her perfume was heavenly. Sam, a sucker for any compliment said thank you, and mentioned that him and his buddies looked like they were out for some fun.

He took the bait and introduced himself as Craig, and that he and his friends were actually in town for business meetings, and that they has just wrapped up today, but seeing how it was late, their respective planes would not be leaving until the next day.

Craig then asked Sam if she was waiting on anyone, and she introduced herself and replied no, that she had just finished work, and there was no sense going home, as her husband was out of the country on business and would not be home until later the next week.

Craig seized the opportunity and mentioned that they were about to leave and go to a Steak House down town, closer to their hotel, and if she wanted she could join them and not have to eat alone.

Sam, being coy, looked nervous and said she was not sure that was such a good idea. Craig turned around and waved his friends to come over, and they walked over, Suit Jackets over their shoulder, he said guys this is Sam, she is all alone tonight, and I think we should invite her for dinner, what's every one say.

Well of course, all the guys were for it, encouraging her to come along, that they were all good guys, and that some female company at dinner would be a good thing.

Sam conceded and agreed to go, and they all went outside, and flagged down a cab. Once in the cab Craig told them Sam's name, and proceeded to introduce Steve, Jason and Derek. Sam was sure, she wouldn't remember their names and to be honest didn't care, it was their cocks she was interested in.

By now I was really interested and began scooping out the cum mixture from her cunt and smearing it on her nipples and then sucking them hard, biting them.

Sam's eyes rolled and she continued her story.

Derek mentioned something along the idea of, it was nice to have a woman so the guys did not act like pigs at dinner, but Sam said do not be nice on my account, and everyone laughed.

She was sitting between Jason and Craig. Craig had his hand on her thigh, and Jason had reached and put his arm over her shoulder, and when they turned a corner, she rolled over fell on to Jason, and Craig reached out to help her up, and managed to grab one breast, and he said sorry, just helping. Sam laughed and said help yourself, and with that, the guys realized they were in for a fun evening. Jason then grabbed her, and kissed her, while Craig reached in her top and began mauling her tits. The other two guys were watching along with the cabbie.

Sam was feeling their cocks through the pants and as they grew, she would make her palm pulse around the cocks making them jump. All too soon, they arrived at the restaurant, and the composed themselves to go inside.

They ordered some wine, had a nice dinner, and of course flirted like crazy. Craig said you know guys; we should invite Sam back to the hotel for a nightcap. Of course all the guys jumped at the chance. Sam pretended to beg off, but eventually agreed.

By now, I wanted to fuck her, but did not want to cum to so, so I took out a pocket vibrator and circled her nipples with it, making then stand up at least 1 ". I had expected one guy, not 4, no wonder there was so much cum in her cunt.

Sam went on, telling me that once they got to the room, Steve, the only one that had not had a feel yet, kissed her up against the wall, and began lifting her skirt and caressing her ample ass. While he was doing that, the others took the jackets off and got some drinks for everyone. It was then that Jason said, man, now we don't have to call that hooker. You could have heard a pin drop. The other guys stared at him as if he was about to be shot. Sam, laughed and said a hooker, hell guys, this is going to be better than any hooker you might have hired. With that the tension was broken.

Sam stood up and began to undress, and the guys stared in disbelief.

As her nipples became exposed, they gasped and you could hear the air leaving the room in approval, and as she eventually stood in just her red garters and stockings, the guys took their cocks out and began rubbing them, almost in unison, which made Sam chuckle.

Sam took control and told Steve to sit there, and she knelt in front of him, and she told the rest to get out of the clothes, the fun was about to begin. While the others stripped, Sam began sucking Steve's cock, it was average length, but nice and thick, and she easily swallowed it, slurping away noisily, when she felt hands come around her and begin to twist her nipples, she let out a long throaty groan Soon she felt fingers in her wet pussy and her tits being stretched in different directions.

Somebody lay underneath her and began licking her cunt, and she was lost in her own world.

Eventually they pulled her to the middle of the room, and told to finger herself so they could watch. Craig stood up, dipped his cock in some wine and offered it to her as she fingered her pussy, and the greedy slut just lapped it up to the cheers of the others.

Sam sucked, someone playfully slapped her ass, and she moaned. Derek said I think she likes it rough. The guys laughed and Craig pulled his cock out of her mouth and asked her, is it true, do you like it rough? Sam managed to say yes, and Craig said so you are a total slut, and again her response was yes.

Craig motioned for Derek to take over and have her suck his cock, which she did thirstily.

By now I need more, and I reached into our bag, and too out the lassos I has specially made. I told Sam the slut to get on her knees and I reached around her back until I could reach one nipple and attached a noose and cinched it up tight, making the nipple pop right out, then the other one, tightening the nooses up until they hurt her. I looked into her eyes to make sure the pan was bearable yet that it maintained an ache that needed satisfying. With the connecting chain over her back, I told her she was now my mare and I her stallion and I began to ride her, pulling on the reins, making sure that it pulled her tits and nipples from side to side. I loved the power.

I told her to continue, as I began to slowly fuck her.

She said she was sucking Derek, and could feel hands in her cunt, and on her tits, but she was unaware whose was whose.

Just then, she felt a bite on her tits, and she yelped, then a bite on the other one. She was not sure what to do, but she loved the sensation.

Since she did not stop them, Craig must have thought the bitch loved this stuff and without her knowing he went and got a small cane from his luggage, apparently he had done this before.

Sam had not seen it yet, and she could feel her self being directed toward the sofa, cock still in her mouth, hands guiding her.

Still sucking cock, they positioned her doggy style as if she was about to be entered, Hand now grabbing her tits, pinching her nipples hard, and holding her arms, she felt the first blow. Derek was lucky she did not bite his cock off, instead releasing it with a howl and turning to see what was happening.

She could see Craig standing there, can in hand and smiling. She was not sure whether to be mad or not, as the stinging soon turned to a sexy burning. Craig seeing the flush come over her and then gave her another one, this time across the first one. The stinging was hot, yet erotic. Craig then grabbed her by the hair and told her bluntly, you are our cunt for the night, right??? All Sam could do was nod, even though she had tears, but they were tears of joy, and excitement.