 Drake and I had been chatting online for years. I do not remember how he came to be on my Buddy List, but it sealed our fates. we discussed everything with one another, relishing in the anonymity of the computer screen. at times, our conversations were no more than simple niceties. At other times, we lit the internet on fire detailing what we wanted to do to the other. 

As time passed, our communications dried up and we lost contact. I didn't think much about Drake until a chance meeting at work. They needed a Rep to go to Montana and meet with a new hospital chain. I was their girl. After I packed for a week and kissed my husband goodbye, I was off. 

My flight was uneventful, and as I drove my rental car into the town I couldn't get a nagging idea out of my head. I knew this town for some reason, but I hadn't been here before. Then it hit me: this is where Drake lives! As soon as I was checked into the hotel, I immediately searched for him on Facebook. My heart pounded in my chest as I typed a simple message: "Hey, long time since we chatted. I seem to be nearby, so hit me up." I closed my laptop, caught my breath, and changed for my dinner meeting with the Board of Directors of the hospital. 

The days went by, with one meeting after another, uneventful and without word from Drake. I did my work well, and had a contract with the hospital within four days. Despite my disappointment with not hearing from Drake, I enjoyed the rest of my week. 

Friday afternoon I checked my Facebook to see what was going on back at home when a message appeared on my screen. It was from Drake. "Wow, it has been a long time. I'm free this evening, so why don't you meet me at the diner on the corner of Washington and Silo. Be there at 7." My heart raced as I read the message and jumped up to retrieve my GPS unit. After finding the streets, I rummaged through my suitcase for something to wear. After picking a red sundress that hugged my hips and ass, and showed just enough cleavage to make someone wonder, I got showered and did my hair and make-up. Every step towards getting ready set me more on edge. This was dangerous, but I knew this man like I knew my husband. I wondered what we would talk about, and what we would do. The questioned ran through my mind as I dressed and left for the diner. 

After a few minute drive, I arrived at the corner of Washington and Silo and looked around to see if Drake was there. I didn't spot him, so I picked a table and ordered a drink to calm my nerves. 

As I sat there, sipping my martini, a hand touched my shoulder. Electricity ran through my limbs as I startled. I stood up and spun around to see Drake standing there, grinning. His 6' tall frame towered over my 5'6", and his dark hair complemented his tan complexion. His strong jaws and neck ran smoothly to his wide muscular shoulders. I couldn't stop looking at him. He was in dress pants and a button up shirt with the sleeves rolled up to show off the tattoos he had collected since I last talked to him. I was speechless. This man, this God, was the one I cried to when my dog died, bitched at when I was sick. This man shouldered my feelings, and for what? It all melted away when he opened my arms and took me into a huge bear hug before sitting next to me at the table. 

We chatted for a bit over drinks while waiting for our food. We soon got in the same groove we had long ago when we would talk. It felt comfortable and I loosened up. We ate dinner and caught up with each other. He had finally gotten married, but it had sadly ended in a nasty divorce. I decided to leave my husband out of the conversation, simply because I was away from home and didn't want to talk about him. When the waitress came to our table to inform us that the diner was closing, it dawned on us that we had been chatting for four hours! It had only felt like minutes, so I invited Drake back to my hotel for drinks. 

One of the great things about being a highly paid medical supply Rep is that they get you the best hotel rooms with the best bars, so there was no need to mingle with the rest of the guests at the hotel bar. We headed straight for my room. As we reached the door, I unlocked it and Drake scooped me up in his arms and carried me in. He sat me on the couch, and through laughter, I pointed out the bar. Drake made us a tasty drink I had never tried before, and sat next to me. 

As the liquor ran through my brain, my inhibitions ran out of space and left. The spark I had once harbored for Drake came back, this time as a raging wildfire. I was amazed. He must have read the lust in my eyes because he leaned in and kissed me. The taste of his mouth with the lingering alcohol was one I could not get enough of. I pressed against him harder, wanting to mold into one being. He pressed himself equally against me, the two of us pushing and pulling, trying to get to one thing. 

He released me to start working on his clothing. He began to unbutton his shirt but as his speed quickened, the buttons became stubborn. He grabbed the shirt and ripped it clear off! Buttons went flying in all directions as he bared his beautiful body to me. His abs were tight, but I could clearly count all of the muscles easily. His tan complexion got slightly darker the further south I looked. I drank in all of his body that I could see and wanted more. I reached for his belt and he stood to make it easier. He smiled down at me, the lust in his eyes matching what I felt deep inside. I fumbled around until finally I had his belt off, and his paints around his ankles. He was not wearing anything underneath, and I had no idea how he kept that giant cock under lock and key. It was the most amazing cock I had ever seen, and I had plans to make it mine. Drake kicked off his shoes and his pants and I took his cock into my hands. The touch made it get harder, something I thought impossible. I stroked his long member, salivating at the thought of what it was going to be doing to me soon. I got closer, and began to lick around the base, making swirls up to the tip and back down. Drake moaned in pleasure and sucked in a sudden breath when I buried my mouth on it. As my warm mouth made the perfect suction, I continued to stroke the underside with my tongue. I had never enjoyed a dick in my mouth so much as I did at that moment. I was in heaven as I bobbed my head. 

Drake withdrew himself from my mouth to stand me up. He gently removed my dress, showing my 34DD red lace bra and matching panties. He didn't even take the time to pull my panties down before he grabbed me by my ass, swung me around to the bed, dropped me and dove in. His tongue was the gift of heaven as he expertly licked my snatch. I bucked and shivered as wave after wave of pleasure rippled through my entire being. I saw stars. Time after time, with his mouth maneuvering to just the right spots I hovered and dove off the cliff of the most amazing orgasms I had ever experienced. I tried to catch my breath, but his mouth was unrelenting. 

Finally, Drake came up for air, with a grin on his face that beamed achievement. He motioned me to move further up the bed and slowly made his way to me. The anticipation was killing me as what felt like hours passed. He hovered over me, slowly stroking his huge cock. I wanted it in my mouth again, but he had other plans. He ripped my panties off in one swift move, tossing the shredded fabric to the side. He rubbed my clit with the tip of his cock before plunging it deep inside me. I cried out in joy as he stretched and filled me. He began slowly, but gained more speed as he pumped. I came again and again, as waves of pleasure ran through him and into me. I had never had sex do this to me before. Something primal awoke in me, as we established a rhythm. His hips pressed against mine as he tried to drive himself straight through me. I tried to grasp him, but managed to just dig my nails in and hold on. He knew what he was doing, and he was amazing at it. 

I pushed Drake off of me, and onto his back. His glistening chest heaved as I jumped on him, making sure to bury his dick to the hilt. I was grinding myself onto him as if we were becoming one being. I took my bra off and let my tits out. He grabbed onto both of them at the same time, keeping my nipples between his fingers. With every downward motion I made, his grip on my nipples tightened and I threw my head back. I leaned down across him, and Drake took my breast into his mouth, sucking as if it was his lifeline and he needed it to survive. He let go of my breast and picked me up. He flipped me onto my hands and knees on the bed and went right back to it, his hands holding onto my ass for support. As he drove himself into me again and again, more orgasms came and went, too many for me to count. As his pace quickened, I knew what he was doing. I could feel his dick swelling inside me. Not wanting to waste this moment, I pulled away from him and spun around. I took his cock into my mouth and sucked it as if I was never going to see another dick again in my life. He groaned loudly, and held onto my hair as he shot his seed into the back of my throat. I relished in the taste of him, his fluids filling my mouth. As I swallowed his load, he collapsed onto the bed, pulling me with him. We both fell asleep in each others arms, panting and sweating, stark naked on top of the sheets. 

I awoke to the sound of the shower, and walked into the bathroom. Drake opened the shower curtain and smiled at me. "That was amazing. Why haven't we done this before?" he asked. I smiled back as I brushed my hair. 

"I don't know" I replied, "But we can always make sure I have another meeting in Montana."