 Lola was finally getting her wish... a reenactment of our first time having sex together. It was during a boudoir photo shoot. She was going through her poses when it went off script. Her hands were all over herself... sensually massaging her breasts and stroking her pussy, and at times she would finger fuck herself furiously, looking straight into the camera. Then she asked me to finish her off.

And that's how it started... the beginning of our regular thing. Lola's a model, and I'm her photographer. She's hot, I'm not... just a regular dude. And she is special, in many ways... and stunningly beautiful.

I always wondered what it was she saw in me. Maybe she loves that I care more about pleasing her than being pleased... or something else. But whatever it was, I was loving our arrangement. And so was she.

We decided to shoot this in a beautiful bed and breakfast style suite... a bit of a deviation from the original studio setting. We wanted classy, and we got it... a large, tastefully decorated room with working fireplace, a huge Jacuzzi bath with separate shower, and a nice sitting room for breaks and my equipment. Perfect!

Lola wanted me to handle the camera, so we had to find a male model to play me. Okay, let me me be totally upfront about this. Lola wanted a good looking young stud with a gorgeous cock... one that would stay nice and hard for the whole shoot. And haha... that wasn't me (the young part), but I was totally fine with it.

We weren't going to shoot porn, but private parts would definitely be exposed. And there would be touching and holding but no stroking and licking... and definitely no insertion. Fucking and sucking would be simulated and implied, and definitely not explicit.

Our male model, Tim, was totally on board with the whole shoot concept. Lola and I both liked him immediately when we met him during the casting call interviews and test shots. And the look on Lola's face when Tim dropped his pants and started stroking himself was priceless. We knew he was the guy.

I could tell Lola was ready for the shoot. I swear I could smell sexual excitement all over her. And I was pretty certain that her pussy was already soaking wet. I knew then that the stage was set pretty well for a great shoot. Lola was hot, wet, and very excited.

Tim finally arrived, and we went through the scenario a couple of times to be sure he understood what was expected of him. He would play my original role as Lola's photographer, and I would shoot the overall scene. And Lola would be Lola... and knowing her, that could lead to just about anything.

And then we started shooting. Lola was looking fabulous in her lingerie, striking sultry and sexy poses over and over again. Tim was working his role well, posing with the camera as we showed him. And I was moving around, getting the whole scene, but sometimes capturing Lola's hot poses as she looked straight into Tim's camera.

Lola was now transitioning into her self help mode, just like it happened in the original shoot. She was really working it... running her hands over her gorgeous body, squeezing her breasts and rubbing her pussy... and finally starting to finger fuck herself. And just like in the original shoot, I was sure she was going to come. Her moaning and whimpering increased in intensity as her fingers worked their magic.

I could see that Tim was getting hard watching her while pretending to take photos. And who could blame him? Lola was putting on a display... showing off her wet pussy and sliding two fingers in and out of her vagina. But now she was looking right at Tim. The lust in his eyes was clear for me to see, and it wasn't lost on Lola. She was thriving on it.... loving every second of the show she was putting on for him.

Suddenly, Lola started to wind it down. She knew how close she had come to an orgasm. And wanting to maintain her high level of sexual excitement, she finally came to a stop. But she was looking right at Tim the whole time. I didn't have to wonder about how turned on he was. The huge bulge in his pants told the story, and I caught Lola sneaking a peek while unconsciously licking her lips.

We took a short break and discussed the next part of the shoot where Lola and her photographer get it on. All shots would be posed... no live action. Touching and some tongue would be fine, but no insertion into pussy or mouth. Fucking would be simulated with lots of implied shots throughout. And now, with the game plan all worked out, we were ready to start shooting again, starting with Lola beckoning her stud photographer.

Tim put down his camera and joined Lola on the bed. We decided that Tim would follow Lola's lead about our sequencing. She directed him masterfully, while I made just a few suggestions as the shoot progressed.

We shot many of the standard looks... everything captured as a still, and very posed. Tim had no performance anxiety and his cock was at rock hard attention the whole time. I could tell Lola was totally into working with this dude. He was a young good looking guy in a ruggedly handsome way. And his cock! Lola was loving it!

As the shoot progressed, Lola was having trouble keeping her lust in check. She wanted this guy, and surely Tim wanted her. Their chemistry and synergy was clear. At one point, Tim had his cock pressed at the entrance to Lola's pussy and I could see in both of them that it was taking all their willpower to hold back. And during the cock worship shots, Lola took him in her mouth just a little, and moved her hand on his shaft ever so slightly. God, she was so fucking hot!

The sexual tension was rising. It was palpable. My cock was bursting in my jeans, and I thought that any second they would find it impossible to restrain themselves from submitting to their lust.

But Lola knew just what to do... "Easy stud. We have all the pics we need. So let's take a quick break, cool down a bit, and set up for the money shot." Damn, she's amazing!

As Tim stepped away to use the bathroom, Lola walked up to me and started rubbing my cock through my jeans. She had had a look of mischief, and I knew something was up besides my super hard cock.

"Get your camcorder. I'm gonna have some fun with Tim, and I want it in my personal video collection."

When I gently reminded her that this was not part of the plan, she pulled me closer, pressed her naked body against me and kissed me hard on my lips, our tongues swirling away. She kept massaging my dick as she put her lips next to my ear and softly whispered... "Lover... shut the fuck up, and get ready for the action."

Well, what could I say? Lola had a way of getting what she wanted when it came to just about everything, but especially about sex. And I have to admit, I was pretty damn worked up and eager to shoot her and Tim getting it on. But would Tim be up for it?

When Tim came back, Lola led him to the foot of the bed and sat him down. Standing in front of him, Lola started slowly caressing herself, giving him a nice show. His dick was soft when he first walked back into the room, but now it was pointed straight to the ceiling and rock hard.

Lola bent over, looked directly at Tim, and started stroking his cock. Using her free hand, she held his face as she started speaking softly to him, looking directly into his eyes.

"Tim, we need to get you ready for the money shot, and I'm going to help you with that. Is that okay with you".

Tim was clearly surprised, and just as he was about to speak, Lola put her finger on his lips, and then bent down further and started sucking Tim's enormous, and very hard dick. His protestations quickly turned to moans as Lola sucked and stroked him. No further resistance... mission phase one completed.

Lola, still stroking Tim's cock, lifted her head... eyes locked onto his... and said... "There are two very important rules... do not come until I tell you to, and never, ever, look at the photographer who's making a nice video of us."

Tim reflexively went to turn his head to me, but Lola had put her hand back on the side of his head and firmly held him, still slowly stroking his massive cock. I had been unobtrusively taping since he walked back in the room, but now felt free to move about them.

"We want a great cum shot from you, so we're gonna build up a huge load for you to spray all over my tits. And maybe get some on my face too. You okay with that, stud?"

Tim slowly nodded his approval.

"You want me don't you? You like the way I stroke you and suck on your cock? Well, we're gonna do a lot more than that stud. You're gonna suck and lick my pussy, and if you do it right, you'll get to fuck me too. You okay with that?

And with that said, Lola went back to sucking Tim's super hard cock. He was still sitting on the end of the bed... Lola kneeling in front, working her mouth slowly and sensuously on his cock, her free hand now between her legs, massaging her clit.

I was moving all around them with the camcorder, capturing the action in different ways... sometimes close, sometimes a wider view. I love pulling in close to Lola's face as she sucked on Tim's cock, but she also has a great body so you need to get that too. And despite her attentions on Tim's massive erection, Lola always knows where the camera is, and plays to it very well. After all, she is a model and knows how to pose... especially when handling cock.

Lola was really working Tim's massive erection... sometimes running her tongue up and down, and other times taking it all the way to the base. But with Tim, she could barely get there, and she would sometimes choke a little. And that would just make her drool more all over his cock, getting it super wet and easier to stroke. With his size, she could easily use two hands at once and still keep the head of his cock in her mouth. At other times she would just pump away and talk dirty to him while looking straight into his eyes.

"You like the way I work your hard cock, stud? Well... I love giving head, especially when it's a big hard dick like yours. But baby, I'm worried that you'll come too soon, so we're gonna change it up a bit."

Lola has a sixth sense about when a man is building up to a climax and knowing when to let up. She'll bring you there, and then bring you down, and repeat. It was unbelievable and frustrating all at the same time. Today, she was on a mission... get this guy ready for a massive cum shot.

And with that, Lola stood up and started her lap dance. She was all over Tim, and he was clearly enjoying it as she bumped and rubbed against him, occasionally kissing him and whispering in his ear how much she loved turning him on and keeping him rock hard. This was one of her favorite sexual activities. I know this first hand... I've been the recipient many times. Lola is hot, and she loves making men hot... getting them totally worked up.

Lola now had her beautiful butt against Tim's erection... catching it in the crack of her ass and slowly rubbing his dick up and down.

"My pussy is on fire baby. It's hot and wet and ready for your huge cock. Do you mind if I have it now?"

With her backside still facing Tim, Lola rose up just enough to get over the tip of his cock. When Tim went to grab his erection to guide it in, Lola gently brushed his hand away, and replaced it with her own. While gently stroking him, she positioned his cock at the entrance to her vagina and began impaling herself... her descent slow and controlled, even though her pussy was super wet.

Oh... my... fucking... god! I love your cock... you are so fucking huge!"

Lola started riding Tim's massive erection... slowly at first, but as she got slicker with juices running down his shaft to his balls, she worked him faster and faster... her moans and groans rising in intensity.

"Oh fuck... fuck... fuck! I love riding this guy's cock. He really fills me up. I can barely take all of him in me. I... love... this... so... much!!!"

Lola was wild... her hair flying everywhere as she rode him furiously, her fingers working magic on her clit. Tim had his hands on her hips... helping her bounce up and down. She was totally lost in the moment, and almost missed the signals of Tim's impending climax.

Quickly regaining her composure, Lola brought the tempo down, and rising up, she let him slip out of her pussy. Turning around, and facing him, she grabbed a hold of his cock and held it while she looked straight into his eyes, her hot breath coming in little pants as she regained full control again.

"Baby... hold on. We're not ready, and I'm not done with you yet. I'm gonna suck on your cock a little bit. I just love the taste of myself on a hard dick. You okay so far?"

Lola never saw Tim nod in agreement. She was already going down on him... licking and sucking her juices off him... moaning and whimpering in her delight... working herself into a sucking frenzy. Using her hands and mouth together, Lola bobbed repeatedly up and down until she knew he was at his limit. Then she stopped, held his cock, and looked at him again.

"Hey stud, I want you to fuck me some more. But this time I want you to fuck my pussy from behind me in front of that mirror. I'm gonna put my heels on so my ass will be nice and high for you, and I want to watch you while you ram that big dick of yours in and out out my pussy."

Lola quickly put her heels on and positioned herself in front of the mirror, bending at the waist, and leaning over the dresser. She looked incredible like that, and I moved into a good position to take advantage of the mirror without getting myself in the shot. Tim slowly stroked his cock as he positioned himself behind Lola... pressing the tip of his mammoth cock against the opening to her pussy.

"I'm ready for you baby. Give me that big cock, and fuck me right."

Tim wasted no time sliding his cock back into Lola's sweet hot pussy. They both let out long satisfying moans as he drove his dick to the hilt and held it there for a while before starting his long slow strokes. I framed the shot to catch Lola in the mirror with Tim pumping her from behind, her head bobbing with every thrust. She looked right into the camera and smiled.

"I love the way this guy fucks me. His big dick fills me up. It feels so fucking good. I just want more and more of it. Oh god..."

Lola slipped a hand between her legs, rubbing Tim's balls as he continued to fuck her with wild abandon. This guy was incredible, and Lola was loving it so much. Her moans and groans intensified as she moved her fingers to her clit, furiously rubbing herself. I knew she wouldn't last if she kept this up.

"I want you to suck my pussy, baby. Will you do that for me? I need it so bad."

Without a word, Tim slowly slid out of Lola, and she led him back to the bed. Keeping her heels on (so fucking sexy), Lola climbed over Tim who was now lying in the middle of the bed. Taking his cock in her mouth, Lola presented her dripping pussy to Tim's lips and tongue in a hot sixty-nine.

I positioned myself so I'd have a nice shot of Lola sucking Tim's cock and her ass showing behind her. Lola knew exactly what to do... giving the camera a great show... licking, stroking, and taking him deep while often looking straight into the lens. And of course, she loved to narrate, just enough, and not over the top.

"Damn... look at this guy's cock! It's huge... and I'm loving every inch. Mmm... and he's licking my clit too! Oh... fuck, fuck, fuck... I LOVE THIS!!!

While Lola stroked Tim's cock, she turned her head back and watched as Tim continued sucking and licking Lola's dripping pussy. Despite loving her pussy being worked on, Lola was ready for the final scene.

"Baby... it's time for you to spray me with your cum. I need you back inside me... now!!!

Lola took Tim's spot on the bed, lying on her back, a small pillow under ass, and her knees up and her legs spread wide. She looked so hot and sexy as she lightly stroked her pussy while Tim got into position. With her pussy raised up, Tim could stay on his knees and fuck her comfortably while keeping a more erect posture. This gave me a nice clear shot of Lola's body... and the landing zone for the cum shot.

Tim slid back into Lola... nice and slowly, giving me plenty of room and time to capture the moment. Both of them moaned together as Tim's cock began its slow thrusts in and out of Lola. We all knew how this would end... there would be no letting up... and Lola knew just how to handle this scene.

"When you're ready stud, I'll know... I'm gonna jerk you off all over my tits. You okay with that baby?"

Judging by his increased tempo, Tim was more than fine with that. He was ramming Lola with a furious cadence... her boobs bouncing around as he continued his assault on her pussy. Lola was talking dirty to him... practically unintelligible in her delirium. She was running her hands all over her breasts and pinching her nipples. Finally, she reached down and started rubbing her clit furiously.

Tim had an arm around each leg, giving him total control and great leverage, keeping Lola in place... and there was no place Lola would rather be at that moment. Their bodies were slick with sweat despite the cool temperature of the room. Tim was dripping all over Lola, mixing in with hers, giving both of them a wet sheen.

"I love your cock stud... and I love the way you pound my pussy with it. Hang in there baby, I'm getting closer."

Lola was frantically rubbing her pussy, finally getting closer to the climax she had been resisting. But now there was no need to wait. She wanted it, and wanted it badly. This was gonna be huge. But not all endings go exactly right, and the first of two amazing things happened.

With a long low moan, Tim began to slow down his assault. Lola didn't need her sixth sense to know he was about to explode... not great timing since Lola was not quite there yet. But she put her own pleasure aside to get what we needed.

While continuing to work her finger magic on her clit, Lola used her free hand to caress Tim's balls, and this also positioned her hand to jerk his cock when it was time. And as she suspected, there wasn't much time to spare. But Lola being Lola, she wanted to add even more to the intensity of the moment.

"That's nice baby. I'm ready to get showered in your cum... spray it all over me baby. I... want... your... hot... cum... now!

And with that, Tim pulled out, and Lola's hand was right where it needed to be.... grabbing his huge cock, and jerking him vigorously.

His first stream sailed over her head, leaving a trail from her head, across her face, and down between her lovely, heaving wet breasts. Now you have to understand... Lola is no flincher, she can take it better than most pros. But this was definitely not expected. Although we were informed that this guy is a real blaster, what just happened was still a big surprise.

Lola then took the rest of him all over her breasts, and the rest of him was a lot. He kept spurting over, and over... his cum mixing in with their sweat. The look on Lola's face was a mix of wonder, intense fascination, and satisfaction. She went crazy rubbing his cum all over her body as she slowly kept stroking... and with each little stroke, a bit more would spill out. Would this never end?

"Oh baby... that was so incredible. You are such a stud. That was totally fucking unbelievable. Jesus... this is so hot!"

And that's when the second amazing thing happened. Tim never went soft, and he gently took his cock away from Lola. While looking straight at her, he slid it back into her super hot and wet pussy... slowly sliding it in and out... his strokes increasing in frequency with every plunge.

Lola knew this was her opportunity to get what she longed for all day... her climax. As Tim pounded her, Lola went at her clit with a new ferocity. Her buildup was slow at first, but I recognized the signs... she'd be there soon. All Tim had to do was maintain his erection and rhythm, and Lola would have her happy ending.
