 The phone ringing wakes me, my head pops up looking right at it. When it rings again I move to it, Tony only rolls over as I pick it up.

"Hello." I'm sitting on the edge of the bed stretching my legs, a small groan escapes me.

"I'm calling for Tony Samson I hope I didn't get the wrong number." An older man's voice says to me.

"No you got the right number, here let me wake him." I poke Tony he grumbles I shove him over the side of the bed.

"Ah fuck what the hell was that for." Tony says his head popping over the side of the bed, his hair all over the place.

I hold the phone out to him, the older man yelling through it. Tony groans then grabs the phone he sits up on the bed. While he is doing that I stand up then stretch, groaning again then yawning. Tony is talking to whoever that is on the phone, when I mouth bathroom at him he points to a door. I go in pulling the vest and skirt off me before I sit on the toilet, much smaller than the ones I remember. The roll of paper next to it puzzles me it is soft and not very sturdy, I think perhaps I know but feel it's better to ask I am not awake yet.

"Tony." I am forced to yell I shut the door after me.

"I can't be out of toilet paper, I just put a new one in two days ago." He says coming in, he rolls his eyes when I cover myself.

"I'm not sure, this is toilet paper yes? This stuff is much softer than the paper I was using."

"Yes it is." He says to me with one thumb up then turns back to the phone. "No dad she is not some hooker or druggie. Just because I am a cop does not mean I bring my work home with me. Well alright but that was just the one time and I learned quickly, well come on you have to admit she had a great body at the time. Yes you can talk to her, just not yet she is on the toilet."

I bury my head in my hands then point to the door, Tony resumes talking to his dad then goes out shutting the door. When I finish I moan in the luxurious feel of the soft paper, I thank god for letting me find such heavenly toilet paper. I flush then wash my hands, thanking god again for hot water, I take a few seconds to find the towels. These are incredibly soft compared to what I remember. The large towels give me an idea, I look around then smile when I find what can only be a bath, it is not a huge metal tub but it is deep and long enough.

"Here you talk to him." Tony says handing me the phone.

"Could you make me a hot bath please? I have not had one in forever and I miss it terribly." I say to him as he goes into the bathroom then put the phone to my ear. "Hello again."

"Hi back I'm sorry for the manner which we were introduced, my son does not have the greatest of track records with women. Now I understand you met him yesterday, does this have anything to do with this Jaguar chick?"

"I... hang on let me ask Tony something first." I say into the phone then open the door. "Tony... good lord you could always sit that sounds horrible." The phone echoes with laughter, Tony looks over at me. "Is it alright if I tell him everything, I remember reading it is possible for phone conversations to be recorded."

"Ask him if he is on his cell phone if not go ahead." Tony says before pointing at the door and sticking his tongue out.

"Well I know I am not disturbing him in there any longer, are you on your cell phone?" I ask after gleefully shutting the door the sound dies down to almost nothing.

"No I'm on the home phone." Is the answer after he stops his fit of laughter.

"John would you be talking to Tony? Hi dear how are you, you never call anymore, do you know anything about this Jaguar person?" A woman's voice comes on the line.

"Martha no I am talking to Tony's woman, now shush we are trying to have a conversation on the very subject."

"Oh thank god I was starting to think he likes men and not woman at all. Not that there is anything wrong with that if you are a man of course, it is just a mom wants to see her little boy grow up marry a wonderful lady then have more kids just like him." Martha continues on talking fast totally ignoring what her husband said.

"Martha stop let her talk."

"Please do not repeat this to anyone, I am not the most vocal of people. I am Jaguar, though if you please call me Emap I do not wish to always be known." I hold the phone away from my ear at the scream.

Tony comes out of the bathroom with a stick in his mouth while there is some yelling coming over the phone. He looks at me holding the phone away from my ear then rolls his eyes. He holds his hand out for the phone, I hand it over happily.

"That is a hot bath I hear or did you leave the sink on?"

"Both actually I am bad about leaving the sink on while I brush my teeth. I have shampoo it's just the basic stuff no lavender or shit in it. We can pick up some bath oils and shit later, reminds me I only have a comb, I do not think brushing your hair with it will be worthwhile." He says before putting the phone to his ear.

"I only want to soak in a hot bath and dry off with those towels, they are a godsend the towels I grew up on were rougher. If you could show me how to turn the water off I think I shall get in now."

Tony shows me how to turn the water off and on it is strange he has one big plastic knob that swivels up and down to turn the water on and off. I moan as I sit in the tub, the water coming up to me halfway hot as I wished. Tony comes back in as I am turning the water off, he spits in the sink then rinses his mouth before putting the stick back in and brushing some more. He leaves again talking on the phone, I sigh then lower myself in the water reveling in the heat all over my body.

Tony comes back in dressed, he leans over the mirror then takes the comb to his hair. He spends a rather long time brushing and rebrushing his hair before he walks over to me mostly submerged in the tub. I laugh as he leans over me, his hair looks exactly the same as it did when he woke up.

"Laugh all you want I like having the scruffy look and I have to brush my hair. So are you going to come out or do you want to look like a raisin?"

"God I want to stay here, I have been relegated to slow moving walks in and out of the Amazon River or standing in the rain for the last hundred and four years. Though I am getting out, the water is cooling." I shoo him out of the way then get out, he hands me a towel then watches me dry myself.

"I could watch that all day, though what about your hair, I only have a comb."

I go feral in front of him, when I switch back his jaw drops, my hair is dried and in perfect place.

"I'm not sure on the actual working of it, my predecessor explained it as my actual form is that of Jaguar, the rest is simply my wishing to look like that. Which can not be right, when I go feral I can not have sex yet I can with no fur."

"So the last Jaguar turns male yet has to lose the fur to have sex?"

"Well no, when Jaguar turned male she had a penis, in fact she could not lose the fur at all. That is why the first thing I learned was how to lose the fur so we could. It was not even so much losing the fur as keeping it lost."

I head into the other bedroom then go through the suitcase, I find a one piece dress, shorter than I would like. I put it on wondering if it even hides anything the cloth is so thin. The dress falls to about halfway between my knees and hips I pick up a pair of white panties then slip them on. Tony whistles at me, I look down at the red roses all over the dress then back up at him.

"Thank you but lord I feel almost like I am nude."

"Come on you will feel fully dressed once we get outside and see what the other women are wearing, trust me."

Once on the elevator in his spare sneakers I look around for a moment hearing music, this is nicer music than I heard at that dance. At the sixth floor the doors open to let in a slight blonde woman. I can not help but stare at her outfit she is wearing little more than patches of yellow cloth over her breasts, there are tiny little panties on her almost hidden by a sheer green cloth wrapped around her.

"Tony dang I was starting to think you were gay with the no chicks visiting." The blonde woman says as she moves to stand next to me facing the closing doors.

"No definitely not, I was too picky I suppose, besides it's hard to find nice women in my line of work. Anyway Constance this is Emap, Emap do close your mouth she's going to the beach." I close my mouth embarrassed.

"Ah shucks and here I was thinking she thinks I'm hot." Constance says with a chuckle. 

I turn red and open my mouth to say I am not perverted like that when Tony claps his hand over my mouth.

"You will have to excuse her she is devout catholic and has spent a long time in the jungles of the Amazon. The clothes are new to her and will take a little adjusting."

"Oh fuck sorry if I offended, have fun you two." Constance says with a smile then breezes out the opening doors.

"OK, so things are a lot more open now, it is largely not a big deal if a woman only wants women. A man only wanting men is still something of a not in my family feeling, but it's getting better. Saying you are devout catholic will only last so long before the more adventurous lesbians will try and convince you to try them to learn the truth." The whole time he is saying this I am being led through a parking lot toward the ugly brown car I found him standing outside of.

"Do we have to take the brown car, it is ugly."

"Shit and here I thought you would like a Ford, anyway no that is my work car I bought a car of my own." Tony points at a car next to the ugly brown car, a slightly smaller red car with no roof.

"There is no roof." I stand past the door so he can open it for me.

"It is a convertible, the roof folds up and goes in the back." Tony is half around the car before he realizes I am not opening the door. "Shit sorry most women now do not wait for a man to open doors and shit."

"It was very proper when I grew up the butcher had a path out from behind his counter right next to the door so he could open it for the ladies." I am forced to harrumph when he does not close the door behind me.

"Bear with me I've rarely even had to open a door for a woman. So I guess this means you will always be on my arm." Tony starts the car with a throaty rumble.

"Of course, when a lady is with a man she is always on his arm, being courted by him or not." I say, Tony starts us moving then stops to help me put the seatbelt on when I tumble into him.

"I'd drive slower for you except I know you run faster than I can go. That was part of the morning news on you, it was decided you run in excess of four hundred miles an hour. There was some debate as well apparently your speed and spots are more of a cheetah type, though your spots are in fact similar to the ones of Jaguar on the few murals depicting still in existence."

"I guess that is why it took you so long to brush your teeth. Do you think I should cut my hair, so many have it short?" I ask this as we pull into a parking lot, there are some women walking toward the building, all but one with short hair.

"If you would like, some women cut their hair shorter for the summer then let it grow out for winter."

Once we are parked Tony jumps out then walks around the car, after showing me how to undo the seatbelt he helps me out of the car. A little old lady hits her husband saying he used to do that for her, he asks what she is talking about. I stop in awe inside the store it is huge with circular racks of clothes hanging everywhere. Tony guides me over to the dresses I find a few nice ones even more that Tony insists I get with plunging bodices.

When he takes me to the underwear section I almost die of shock, the panties he is showing to me are so tiny and slim where it counts. He takes the measuring tape from where it is hanging measures my middle then my hips. After comparing with a chart he pulls out several of the scandalously small panties in a number of colors. While paying for the clothes he asks for a good place to get evening dresses, the woman behind the counter looks at me then tells him an address.

"I don't get it what is an evening dress?" I finally ask as we are pulling out of the parking lot.

"A dress you wear for a night out, restaurant, dancing all that good shit. I'll have to remember to ask Sally for a good makeup store tonight." I whimper a little as he is talking and weaving us in and out of the traffic.

"Wait, makeup? I am not some whore in a brothel."

"Oh shit, no makeup is worn by every woman and men when they are making a movie or show. The reporter you talked to was not wearing any, made him look funny. I'll show you when we get back it's got to be on one of the video sites. Oh fuck look at me forgetting to ask if you are hungry, we will stop after finding you some evening dresses, I know a great walk up." We park in front of a rather small store it says it has evening dresses in the window, along with lingerie.

Inside it is dark, a sprightly thin man wearing a pink shirt dashes around the counter stops before us then bows.

"Please tell me money is no object and you want long skirt." The man has a high slightly nasally voice, his brown hair is cut short.

"Oh yes please I prefer long skirts." The man smiles huge then takes my arm leading me past a few round racks.

We stop before a single dress, it is black sequined and lacy with the skirt hanging down almost to the floor, underneath is a matching pair of heeled shoes. The man looks down at my feet then sighs.

"I do not have a pair of heels in that size."

"I do not have any shoes, I borrowed his they are really quite roomy." He claps his hands then dashes off, he returns with a chair and a strange looking metal thing.

Once I am sitting on the chair he drops to his knees grabs one foot then takes the shoe off. The entire time he is fitting my foot to the metal thing and adjusting it I have my legs as close together as possible with my hands resting atop what little of the dress is there. Once he has finished with the metal thing he takes one of the heeled shoes under the dress and tries it on me. It is loose so he gets up then goes through a door, he comes back with a box this shoe is a little tight.

"It's a little tight."

"I know your feet are a little over size six. Just wear them around the house for a few days they will stretch. This dress here will fit you unless my eyes are lying, your boyfriend will love what your breasts do with the top. Now would you like any more dresses or just the one perfection?"

"Oh we will need a few more, going to a barbeque today and I will try and take her out, besides working on getting her a small wardrobe." Tony is eyeing the other dresses, a lovely dark red colored dress in his hands.

The man bids me sit right there then goes off with Tony through the racks. They come back with the dark red dress, a dark purple, a lighter green, a white, a really dark blue also sequined on the top and another black. Tony takes me to the front while the man goes through the door again. He drops a large pile of boxes on the counter along with the black dress he had first shown me.

Back in the car I am watching the buildings pass us buy, one store catches my eyes. I excitedly turn to Tony and beg him to stop here, he looks over then grins. After making a quick turn around on the street we pull in, I am excitedly looking at everything eyes wide until Tony leads me into the back past what I was looking at.

"I wanted to get jacks again and darts, what are we doing back here?"

"Something better, I've been thinking of buying a three sixty you make for an excellent excuse." He says then points.

I look at the display he points at, it shows a little black box then there are pictures of various sorts of things. One catches my eye and I look closer at Madden Football, I point at it to him he smiles huge.

"On my way to your house I stopped to listen to two men full of beer and whiskey arguing over football, the Raiders and Steelers and how one will make it to the super bowl. What are all of those?"

"Oh lord, football is a game, eleven men to a side with one elongated ball one side is offense one side is defense, the offense tries to get the ball into the endzone the defense tries to stop them. The pre season starts soon I'll watch a game with you and explain it, though I suppose I know what game to buy first. Hmm, maybe we better buy a few games, what sounds interesting to you?"

A clerk comes over opening up the glass partitions and showing us the games. In all we pick out Madden Football, well pre order it is not quite out yet. We do get the NCAA football it just came out today, along with Dragon Age: Origins and the expansion as the clerk calls it, both Mass Effect, Red Dead Redemption on the clerks say so, and Super Street Fighter IV. We add in a charger unit, and a wireless connection, Tony grins when the clerk asks if we have a HDTV, the clerk admits to being jealous then says the connection is in the box.

When I ask what other games I can look at it, Tony suggest board games, the clerk runs off then comes back with a metal cart, not unlike a tall wheelbarrow yet it has four wheels. All of the things we have picked out goes in the cart then off to board games we go. I pick out Mousetrap, Tony comments he has never played it then picks out Jenga, Game of Life, and Operation. The clerk suggests Don't Break the Ice, when he shows it to us Tony puts it in the cart with a big smile.

"I just had to get Don't Break the Ice, I grew up playing it, the version we have at least, my mom has an older sister who had bought it for her kids the year before they changed the game, it went from plastic ice to a paper towel you drop wet marbles into. I played it all the time at my aunts house, the new version wasn't as fun, took forever if at all once you ran out of the thin paper they give you." Tony says back in the car as we drive to his walk up.

I look at him funny when we stop in front of a tiny little building with stools arrayed along one side. He smiles as he gets me out of the car I smile myself when the aroma of cooking meats hits me. The dirty looking man inside of the building smiles huge when Tony sits me down at a stool then sits next to me.

"Tony it has been forever you sit down and have breakfast with me. Though I must say your new partner it should be illegal for women to look that good with no makeup on." He says coming over to swipe at the counter with a towel.

"Antonio man you know I'm not doing nights anymore, we caught that fucker. Before you start getting ideas she is not a cop, she is just with me, got here yesterday."

"Same day as that Jaguar chica, no shit man that station she visited is only like twenty miles from here."

"I am Jaguar, your meats smell delicious, can I get some of that or are we eating elsewhere?" Antonio drops his towel then stares at me mouth hanging open.

"She is man, now listen you gotta keep it on the very down low, she is staying with me. She is not that talkative so people knowing where she is would be bad. Where is Maria?"

"Maria is over cleaning your apartment I think. I don't have no salads would you like to have what he gets?" Antonio asks retrieving his towel.

"I have an agreement with Maria, yeah give us two of my regular, she was taking slices of my pepperoni lover's last night and ignoring her works pizza." Tony says when I look at him.

"You better not be sleeping with her, I'm stretching my faith far enough just sharing a house with you." I say as Antonio walks away to make whatever the regular is.

"Apartment and trust me we are not having sex, Maria is his wife. I met them back when I was a beat cop I ended a gang fight on their doorstep here. They helped me move into my apartment, she has been cleaning for me ever since."
