 At forty-eight years old, I entered the empty nest phase of my life. My wife Stephanie and I have two kids, both boys, and when the youngest left in August for his freshman year at the state university, Steph and I shared a conflicting set of emotions. On the one hand, we were melancholy, as so much of the last twenty plus years had been wrapped up in raising children. On the other hand, we were looking forward to the freedom that not having a band practice or soccer game or parent-teacher conference to go to would bring. Steph was especially excited about the opportunity to travel on our own. I was eager to branch out in the kitchen. I love to cook and the prospect of not having the kids turn up their noses at anything that wasn't a taco, pasta or burger was very appealing.

As we drove the hour back home from the hell of moving a newly minted college student into a dorm, we talked about what might change for us. "Rob, we really need to make a list of where we want to travel for the next five years," Steph said. "I want to go to Barcelona, Rome and Paris for sure. And South America intrigues me."

"Ireland, the Greek Islands and New Zealand are all on my list," I countered. "So, I guess we have some prioritizing to do."

"You've had the chance to travel internationally for work," Steph pointed out. "I should get first choice." She was right, I'd done a fair amount of travel during my sales career. Work travel isn't leisure travel though. It was a point I considered making, but starting an argument in the first hour of a new phase in our life didn't seem like the smart move.

"Ok," I said. "I'm sure we can come up with a list we are both excited about."

We fell silent for a while, and Steph was staring out the window at the passing countryside. I glanced at her as I was driving and was struck, as I always am, by how pretty she was. Steph is forty-four but could easily pass for thirty-five. She's five foot six inches tall, and while bearing two children may have added a pound here and there, I still love the proportions of her body. She has a thirty-six inch bust, a slimmer waist than most women her age and a shapely backside. She has brown, shoulder-length hair and hazel eyes. As I processed her image, I began to ponder what other advantages there were to not having kids in the house. As my mind wandered, I began to fantasize about Steph's naked body. She trim's, but doesn't shave her pussy, and just thinking about her fuzzy lips protecting an engorged clit was enough of an image to make my cock fully erect. I have your average seven inch cock, but being stuffed in my shorts and constrained by the seat belt made my hard-on uncomfortable, and I had to shift in my seat.

Steph and I have always had a satisfying sex life. Nothing crazy, but adventurous enough that we both were satisfied and interested. We had done some light bondage, Steph had a number of different vibrators that made routine appearances, we weren't shy about different positions, etc. But with kids around it's always in the back of your mind that you have to keep the volume down, or the door locked, or make sure they are out of the house and not coming back.

"You know, without the boys around, I think we should spend more time naked," I said with a sly grin.

"You are impossible," Steph complained. "We were having a nice conversation about our future and you have to take it into the gutter. I'm really emotional about the boys both being out on their own. Can't you get through the day without thinking with your crotch?." Timing is everything, and mine was awful. We drove the last half hour in silence.

The next day was a Saturday, and Steph and I try to keep to a routine of a long morning walk on the weekends. It was a beautiful late August day. One of those days in the Midwest where the sky is clear and the humidity is inexplicably low. A bit on the cool side, you got a sense that fall was not far behind. We got up and had a quick cup of coffee. Steph just wears panties and a spaghetti strap silk top to bed, so she had thrown on a robe. I sleep in briefs, so I had already put on my athletic shorts. Steph finished her coffee first and went up to our bedroom to change. I finished mine, put the mugs in the dishwasher, and followed her up.

When I walked into the bedroom, Steph was standing naked in front of the bathroom mirror brushing her hair. I could see the reflection of her beautiful breasts seemingly staring back at me. Her nipples centered in half-dollar sized pink areolae. I couldn't see, but immediately began to imagine her pubis mons hidden below the countertop. Still feeling guilty about my miscue the day before, I walked up behind her, put my arms around her waist and gave her a hug. "Sorry for being a dirty old man yesterday," I said as I gave her a kiss on the back of the neck. "I'll try to control the "crotch-think" going forward." Steph laughed and ground her ass against the front of my shorts.

"Oh Rob, some crotch-think is okay," she said as she turned around. Grabbing my flaccid member through my shorts, Steph winked and said "I think with my crotch occasionally too."

My cock immediately started to harden. "Be careful Steph," I warned. "It's going to be pretty embarrassing if we head out on our walk and I have a tent in my shorts." But she started to slowly rub her hand up and down the length of my rapidly expanding tool.

"Hmmm," Steph murmured as she looked down at the obvious results of her ministrations. "Maybe we should make sure the tent pole goes down. Besides, no one is home to see." She gave me a quick kiss and dropped slowly to her knees, pulling my shorts and briefs down with her as she went. My cock sprang straight out in front of her face. Having not had sex for at least a couple of days, the circumcised head was already darkening to a purple hue. Steph began to jack me with one hand, and fondle my balls with the other.

My heart was starting to pound, and as I became more aroused it was getting difficult to stand. I leaned forward over Steph and put my hands on the countertop to brace myself. Looking down, I could watched Steph stare intently at my cock disappearing and reappearing through her hand as she stroked it a bit more vigorously. As she did, an initial drop of pre-cum started to form at the opening of my penis, testimony to the progress she was making. The drop grew and eventually became a small strand that began to fall toward the floor. Steph quickly took her hand off my balls and caught the drip on her fingers. She then moved her fingers to the mushroom head of my cock, and smeared the pre-cum in circles around the sensitive tip. The sensation was incredible and I let out a deep moan.

"God that feels good Steph." My cock was steel hard now, and I could feel the semen starting to collect. At this point Steph bent forward and started licking the tip of my cock. I could see that her nipples were rock hard, about as big as a cranberry and just as red. She was getting turned on by what she was doing to me. I knew that pretty soon I was going reach the point of no return.

"It's going to be a big load when it comes," I warned her. All she said was "ok" as she stopped stroking me and quickly took the first three or four inches of my cock in her warm mouth. She kept her hand around my cock so that I couldn't drive it in deeply and gag her, but she allowed me to start a steady rhythm pumping half my cock in and out of her mouth. Steph is usually open to giving me a blow job, I mean, she loves when I go down on her so it's kind of a quid pro quo, but she hates me coming in her mouth.

"There's going to be a lot," I told her again. My cock was starting to twitch, so it was just a matter of a few more strokes.

Steph momentarily took my cock out of her mouth, looked up and said "NOT in my mouth, and NOT in my hair," and then resumed sucking. She does a wonderful thing with her tongue as she sucks, and as into it as she was, her technique was especially effective. Then, with her free hand, she reached between my legs and pushed a finger into my asshole up to the first knuckle. That was all it took.

"Cumming! Cumming!," I growled. Steph quickly removed my dick from her mouth and continued to furiously stroke me. She tried to aim my cock at her bare breasts, but the speed at which she was pumping me made it difficult. I felt that wonderful buzzing sensation at the base of my cock that signals the onset of an orgasm.

Almost immediately, I began to climax. "Aaaahhhhhhh," I managed to moan as my cock began to spew. Steph sat back on her heels and stared in anticipation, determined to jack me until I was completely drained. She was instantly rewarded as the huge first rope of jism shot out and hit her square in the chin. Steph let out a little chuckle and adjusted her aim as the next three of my shots hit her square in the breasts. One of the streams slid slowly down and dripped erotically off her erect nipple. Several more shots followed, with no loss of volume.

"Jesus Rob!," Steph exclaimed. "You weren't kidding about a huge load."

My knees were close to buckling and it seemed like I had stopped breathing ten minutes ago. A couple smaller squirts followed, the last one more of a dribble that Steph milked out which hung at the end of my cock and then dropped down into the nest of pussy hair between Steph's legs.

"I need to sit down," I mumbled as I staggered out of the bathroom and collapsed on the bed. Steph stood up and followed me out of the bathroom, her entire bare front covered in my cum from chin to pussy. There was moisture clinging to hairs around her vagina, and I was pretty sure it wasn't all my juice. I think she was definitely turned on by her efforts. Steph was smiling and obviously proud of herself. My heart was still pounding like a drum.

"Your turn?" I asked, almost afraid of the answer. I wasn't sure that I'd be able to catch my breath enough to properly pleasure her.

"No, let's save it," she replied as she absently played with the streaks of my load with her fingers. "I still really want to go on a walk. Let me clean all of your goo off me and I'll get dressed to go. Your crotch okay for the time being?."

"Are you kidding?," I laughed. "Good for a while. But I owe YOU a big one."

"Oh yes you do," Steph said as she went back into the bathroom to look for a towel.

Ten minutes later we were out the front door. We've lived in the same house, which we built, for about fifteen years. We bought a lot in a new subdivision when we moved to town. Steph had done the research about the school system and our neighborhood was just two blocks from a really good elementary school. Our kids had a great experience, and a side benefit of being around a bunch of new houses is that everyone wants to meet everyone else when they first move in. We had a number of close friendships that we had developed with families that lived on our street.

One of those families lived four houses down from us. Jay and Karen are about our age and had three kids that paired up well in age with ours. We had stood on countless soccer sidelines with them, sat next to each other in the audience at the school Christmas programs and were together at any number of mundane child-related activities. Jay is more athletic than I am, and several inches taller. He's about six foot three and keeps himself in really good shape by biking and running in the summer, and cross-country skiing in the winter. Karen is a bit of a pixie. She's about five foot two, with a small frame. She maybe weighs a hundred and twenty pounds. I've obviously never asked her what her measurements are, Steph would kill me. Her cleavage is smaller, but well proportioned given her size, and she is also a serious runner so her ass is pretty tight. She has light brown hair in a boyish cut and brown eyes. Coincidentally, Jay and Karen had dropped their youngest daughter at school last week. They were officially empty nesters too.

As Steph and I headed down the street, Jay pulled into his driveway after a typically long bike ride. Karen came out through their garage as he pulled in, dressed for a run. We stopped to talk as we came up to them.

"Awesome day," I said, thinking not only about the weather, but the leg-buckling orgasm I experienced just ten minutes before.

"Sure is," Jay said. "Great to ride when it isn't as humid. I rode twenty-five miles and I'm not drenched from head to toe like I normally am."

"Hey, you guys dropped the last one at school yesterday, right?," Karen asked.

"Yeah we did," Steph replied. "The newest entrants into the empty nest club. It was hard leaving him, but Rob and I are looking forward to doing the things we've never been able to get around to - like cooking for ourselves, and travel that isn't to DisneyWorld, or a soccer tournament."

"Speaking of which," I said. "If you guys don't have plans tonight, why don't you walk down for dinner and drinks? I'll throw together something simple and we can celebrate our new found freedoms. Say, five-thirty?."

"That sounds great," Jay replied. "I'll bring a couple of bottles of wine, and Karen got the stuff for bruschetta at the farmers' market yesterday. We will bring that too." We headed off for our walk and Karen left on her run.

Dinner that evening was fun. I made a simple citrus marinated grilled salmon. Stephanie made a dynamite hearts of palm salad and we grilled sweet corn. Jay's two bottles of wine were quickly consumed, and another two from our fridge fell victim as well. After we cleared the dishes, I served everyone a generous pour of a Cabernet port and we settled in on the screen porch. We had a great time trading our empty nest bucket lists. Jay was going to get more seriously into woodworking and wanted to try his hand at making new cabinets for their home-office. Karen was going to put her name in the hat to join the board of a non-profit they supported, and was going to train to run a half-marathon. We got into more specifics about our travel plans, and agreed that we should try to take at least one trip together as couples.

I refilled everyone's port glasses, and I could tell that Karen was getting a bit tipsy. She was sitting next to Jay on the wicker couch leaning into him with her legs tucked beneath her. Her summer tan really stood out against the light floral print sleeveless top she was wearing with white shorts. Jay was gently stroking her arm as the conversation went back and forth. "

"One of things I hope happens is that Karen reverts back to her college ways," Jay said with a sneaky grin. Karen punched him kiddingly in the arm.

"Why?," Steph asked. "What did Karen do in college?."

"Let's just say she wasn't shy," Jay said laughing.

"Truth be told, I wasn't looking for a long-term relationship when I was in school," Karen said. "To me, grades were more important and I knew I wanted to start my professional career without the baggage of having to plan around some guy starting out at the same time. I wanted to put me first. At the same time, a girl can get horny too, so when I got that itch, I hooked up with guys. They were always guys I knew, it wasn't like I was just trolling the bars."

"I'm hoping I get to scratch her itch more often now, with the kids all gone," Jay said with a big smile.

"So how many guys did you sleep with in college?," I asked without thinking. It was Steph's turn to punch me in the arm.

"That's none of your business Rob," she said.

"It's okay Steph," said Karen. "The cat's kind of out of the bag anyway. I didn't keep a scorecard, but in four years I probably was with fifteen guys."

At this point, I was more than a little aroused and I was having trouble not mentally undressing Karen. I couldn't believe where the conversation seemed to be taking us. Then Jay dropped a bombshell.

"Fifteen guys, sometimes two at a time," he said. Steph's eyes got wide and my jaw dropped a little.

"That was just one time when I got drunk and played truth or dare. It was not my proudest moment, and you promised never to bring it up," Karen shouted, but she was laughing as she did so. "I guess the cat is really out of the bag now," she said. I looked at Steph and could tell she had questions. I wanted to ask how, when, and where too, but Steph beat me to it.

"You don't have to tell me Karen, I know it's personal, but do you mind me asking what exactly two at the same time means?."

"No, I don't mind. As long as I get to ask each of you about some of your sexual secrets too. No fair if it's only me."

Jay and I looked at each other and then both looked at Stephanie. This evening was headed into uncharted waters, and while we had been good friends for a lot of years, we'd never talked about the intimate sides of our marriages. Steph was first to say that she was in, probably because she knew her secrets were going to be pretty mundane. Still, it surprised me. I would have thought she'd take a lot of convincing. All the wine had obviously had an impact. I'd love to say I had a long history of romantic conquests that would be worthy of an x-rated miniseries, but I hadn't dated more than a handful of women before Steph swept me off my feet.

"I'm in too," I said.

"Me three," said Jay, as we all laughed. The mood in the room was now very highly charged and everyone leaned forward like we were going to be whispering around a campfire. I took the opportunity to adjust my pants to get some more breathing room for what was now a fully erect package.

"Ok then," said Karen. "It really, isn't such a big deal. I was at a house party off-campus. Two of the guys that lived in the house were in one of my classes. As the night went on, most of the people left until at the end it was me, my two friends and another guy and girl who were dating. I'm not even sure how it started, but somehow I got talked into playing truth or dare."

"I haven't played that, since, like, middle school," said Steph. "And I think the most risqué thing I did was show Mikey Bergman the top of my underwear."

"Well, this went a bit farther than that," said Karen. "You know how it works. The questions get more embarrassing and you only can use so many truths, so you end up taking dares instead. Soooooooo, before I knew it I was topless. Then I remember getting turned on by being on display. Pretty soon, all of us were naked. On my last turn, I took a dare from one of my two friends. He dared me to touch every cock in the room. Well, the other girl wasn't into sharing her boyfriend, so she grabbed him by his dick and took him into a bedroom. That left me with my two friends. I took hold of both their cocks, and they both started rubbing my breasts and fingering me. I was really hot at this point, so I pushed one of them down on the floor, got on top and started to ride him."

By now, all of us were lathered up. Jay was discretely rubbing himself through his shorts. Steph was squirming in her seat, and I had a pillow over my lap to hide any uncontrollable gyrations.

"The second guy was kind of just left standing," Karen continued. "I thought he was just going to wait his turn, and I would have ridden him next - like I said, I was pretty drunk. But he didn't wait. Next thing I knew he was behind me and before I knew it, he was in and pumping as I rode the guy on the floor."

"Wait," Steph exclaimed. "You had two guys in you at the same time? How did they fit?." Steph immediately blushed crimson when she realized what she had asked.

"Well, one was in my vagina and one in my ass. I guess they call it a DP - double-penetration. It really wasn't bad, in fact, I had a pretty huge orgasm, but I haven't done it since," Karen replied.

"Oh I could never do that," said Steph. "I mean, it sounds like it was good for you, but I don't like anal sex."

Which was true, and one of my two hang ups about our sex life. We had tried anal early in our marriage. It had taken me the better part of a year to talk Stephanie into it. It started when I'd put a finger into her ass while I was going down on her. That seemed to cause her to have particularly intense orgasms, so I figured it was just a natural progression that she'd enjoy my cock in her ass as well. But when she finally agreed to try it, we didn't use enough lubrication and I was over-eager and entered her too fast and it ended up being really painful for her. She'd never let me try again.
