 This isn't normal, I kept saying to myself. I had repeated the words over and over in my mind the last two hours, on my way to the hotel.

But then, nothing about our 'relationship' had been normal. We had met, a lonely night a few years back in a chat room. I was staying at my parents' house in the Southern US for the holidays, and she was at her house back in Canada.

We started a flirting friendship then, never taking it to the next level. We had only even talked once on the phone, briefly. Opportunities would present themselves and nothing would happen. So, for years, we just kept at that distance.

Of course, things changed slightly when they could afford to least. I had reunited with a friend from the past (one I was head over heels for at the age of 19), and this time, I got the girl.

She had found a bolt of lightning while vacationing in Europe. They 'talked' multiple times a day and she was planning to leave her life on this side of the Atlantic for a life with him.

For some reason, flirting with us had intensified. Of course it did, we were both committed to someone else, both very deeply committed, so why wouldn't it?

All of which found me heading towards a downtown Toronto hotel.

She was working as a rep for a travel company, and as such she would have to give seminars in various locations throughout the province. It took her from being two hours away to being in the same area code with me. Yet, nothing still happened.

We were fed up. She was leaving in a month forever, and I was ready to pop the question to my girlfriend. She mentioned that she was working with her replacement at a travel convention downtown and was staying at this hotel. I was, coincidentally, having a meeting at that same hotel the next day.

I was off the day before my big meeting and since my girlfriend was away at school, I didn't really have any explanations to make. Once we figured it all out, we decided to meet for a late breakfast at the restaurant in the hotel. Maybe we'd do some shopping as we finally met, then have a leisurely dinner.

Something changed in me on the walk from the subway to the hotel.

I saw her, sitting at the bar sipping an orange juice. Slim, blonde, pretty. The kind of pretty that people gravitate to. Bubbly and fun without being over-the-top. She saw me and waved, and it was then that I decided to fulfill something I had written months before.

I had sent her a story that I posted on Literotica, about us meeting and not saying a word, just taking each other like animals over and over and never regretting or thinking about it.

We had both joked about it in the days leading up to our meeting, but we always reverted to what our 'actual' plans would be. I changed all that.

She smiled sweetly, a smile that some Spaniard would enjoy for the rest of his life. There was a pang of envy, but I ignored it. I smiled back. She handed me a menu.

"Come with me," I said. "We're going to your room."

She laughed, and started to say something, but she saw the look in my eye. She tossed three dollars on the counter and took my hand.

We said nothing on the way to the elevator. Once inside, all I said was, "What floor?"

She pressed 19, and the doors closed.

We started leaning into each other once they did, I had her face in my hands, kissing her soft, full lips, feeling the electricity as we finally touched. Her right hand found the back of my head, rubbing the short hair there, feeling the lobe of my ear.

She was wearing a suit jacket, slightly open to reveal a pink shirt, plus a skirt that came down to above her knees. I quickly unbuttoned her jacket.

"Here?" she moaned when we broke our kiss for the first time.

"Remember the story?" I replied.

"Oh, yes," she moaned again. Her jacket fell to the floor. Her nipples were rock hard and making impressions in the pink spaghetti-strap tank she was wearing. My cock was tenting my jeans, painfully so.

She unzipped them, and I felt a bit of relief. She looked down and smiled, seeing how hard I was.

In the story, we had made out in the elevator. I was going for more. I spun her around and bent her over. She looked back over her shoulder, hands splayed against the wall of the elevator. She let out a hiss of breath as I flipped up her skirt and peeled her thong down her legs. I cast a quick glance to the elevator's numbers, and saw '9'. We had some time, not a lot.

I licked my way up her damp slit. She had said that she was wet most of the time and always horny, and this was proof. She tasted so good! I ran a finger over her clit and she bucked. My tongue wormed its way into her wetness and she groaned. I pulled my tongue out and lightly ran it around her puckered rosebud and she jerked again and moaned. "Yes, there, too," she whispered.

I pulled away and let her stand. The elevator rang as we reached 19. She kicked her thong off from around her ankles and handed it to me while picking up her jacket. It went in my jeans pocket as I zipped them back up.

A young woman was waiting for the elevator. She smiled at us, knowingly, and Mel (oh, yes, her name) blew her a kiss back. We hurried to her room. Of course, the card wouldn't swipe properly, which allowed my more time to run my hands under her skirt and feel her firm ass. She giggled and kept trying to swipe the card.

I rubbed my crotch against her ass. She laughed again and said, "Here in the hallway?" I groaned, thinking about getting caught. I roughly took the key from her and swiped it. We were in!

She started to take off her tank, but I stopped her and bent her over again, this time over the bed.

"Don't tease," she pleaded. "Fuck me."

I unzipped again, dropping my jeans and boxers around my ankles. I flipped up her skirt and put my rock-hard cock at the entrance to her wetness.

"Please," she whispered. "Now, please."

I started pushing into her tight pussy. It felt so warm and smooth and silky. I gasped as my cock slid into her, inch by inch. I grabbed her hips and slowly began a rhythmic motion, driving my cock deep inside her; pulling almost completely out and driving it back in slowly.

She was groaning with each thrust. All of our frustration began to seep out as she thrust back at me with her gorgeous ass. My pace quickened. I slammed myself into her, causing our bodies to slap together loudly. I had a death grip on her hips, driving her harder than I had ever fucked another woman. I wanted her to feel every pound, every smack. A sheen of sweat started on my face.

"Harder," she yelled. "Harder!"

So I did. I postponed in and out of her like a madman. I had lost control, and it was wonderful. I felt myself climbing up that mountain towards orgasm, and it felt amazing! I was grunting with each thrust, hammering into her like a bull.

I looked down and she was furiously rubbing her clit as I fucked her. This was too much. I bellowed something unintelligible and started blasting her womb with my cum. I jerked around like a puppet on a broken string. She screamed and I could feel the walls of her pussy clutch at my cock.

I pumped a huge load into her, and when it was over, she slumped down on the bed. I sat back on my haunches, looking down at my deflating, dripping cock.

I felt dizzy.

I felt alive.

"Don't you pass out," I heard her say.

I looked up. Mel had rolled over and was still lightly stroking her clit. I could see my cum oozing from her, and she dipped a finger in and brought it up to her lips to taste.

"Delicious," she said. "I want more."

I found my cock was coming back to life. I watched her play with herself and she said, "I guess shopping is out."

It sure was, I thought, as I stood up, moving to the bed to offer my slick cock to her waiting mouth.

Part two soon.... vote early and often!