 I heard a tap on the door, somewhat surprised since no one has ever come to see me I quickly grabbed some pants and headed to the door. I looked out of the peep hole and saw a stunning blonde woman, full figured with a smile to make even the coldest of hearts melt with love. 

   I had only seen your picture, never met you and yet instantly knew it was you. I opened the door torn between staring at you and pulling you into my arms. The latter won out in less than a beat of my racing heart. I grabbled you hands and pulled you through the door, staring I looked at you, “When you did you get here, and how did you get up here?” I live in a secured building and so was doubly surprised by your presence. You laughed softly as your arms wrapped around me, “Don’t worry I just told the guard downstairs I was new here and had forgot my keycard.” With that you kissed me, your lips as soft and sensuous as I had imagine, your mouth as sweet and warm as a cotton candy dream, and the feel of you in my arms was unbelievable. I could not hardly breathe as we kissed, my heart racing as my cock grew harder.

  I pulled back and looked at you, my hands sliding down your arms, unsure how to progress with the dream and fantasy woman I have longed for. “How long are you able to stay Sandy?” With a laugh and a toss of you soft blonde hair you look at me as you lick your lips, “I can stay until tomorrow afternoon, but I am yours for the next 24 hours Patrick, yours and yours alone, to do with and to whatever you want, wherever you want and however you want.”

   I laugh and shake my head, “Darling you have no idea how much I have wanted to hear those words from you lips.” I take you back in my arms and push you against the door, kissing you hard as I slide my hands down your sides, stopping them on your hips as I press forward, my hard cock pushing against your body as I push my chest against your, feeling your full warm breasts under the thin shirt you have on. I slide one of my hands lower down you hip, the outside of your thigh, realizing as I do that I didn’t feel anything under you skirt, lower until I feel the top of your stockings.

   You feel my cock pulse against you, the excitement of touching your body almost more than I can stand, almost cumming from the feel of you, pressed against the door. I move my hips back for a moment, letting my hard cock relax a moment as I move my hands up, losing all my patience I fumble with the buttons on your shirt, giving up I tear your shirt open, the sound of flying buttons clicking as they hit the wall the only thing we hear other than our deep breathing as we stare into each others eyes. I look down to see a white lace bra barely containing your full breasts, the curve of them bulging over the top of the lace as if they long to be freed and in my hands. 

  You pull your hands up, at first covering your body, a smile on your lips as the light glimmers from your deep red nails, your hands slowly squeeze as I watch, the tips of your nails pressing into you tan skin as you move them down, unfastening your bra you shrug your shoulders, the shirt and bra falling to the floor, I step back and look at your body, reveling in the sight before me, lust clouding my mind as I feel my cock twitch. You reach your hands down and suddenly your skirt falls to your feet, all you have on is a pair of high heels, tall enough to make your calves bulge with the firm muscles beneath your skin, white stockings up to the tops of your soft thighs. My eyes travel up your legs slowly, almost a physical touch as they move, your shaved pussy swollen with lust, a hint of moisture showing on your lips. I move my upward to your breasts, your hard pink nipples pointing toward me, your chest lightly heaving with your deep breath, you mouth open slightly, your lips I notice are painted the same color as your nails, your eyes shining in the reflected light from the window behind me.

   You reach for me and begin to undress me, stripping my clothes from my body in your urgency, I fumble to help you, pulling my clothes as quickly as we both can mange. As soon as my clothes have joined your in the floor I pull you back into my arms, my hard cock pressing against you as we touch and feel each other, exploring each others bodies as we have wanted to do for so long. We stop and catch our breath for a moment as I take you hand and guide you the bedroom. We fall together on the bed, our hands all over each other, I can feel your nails rake across my skin, leaving shivering trails on my skin as you explore me, I lay back and let you touch me, wanting to do the same but being patient for a moment to let you explore me first. You push me onto my back and slide on top of me, kissing me deeply, your breasts against my chest as you rub your wet pussy against my cock, not so that I enter you, but only enough to make both of us thrust together. I feel you kissing down the side of my neck as I open my eyes to look at you. I see the top of your head as you kiss lower, your warm lips leaving wet trails as you move, the wet tip of your tongue tasting my skin. You move down and lick my left nipple, sucking softly to pull it into you mouth I groan softly from the pleasure, I then feel your teeth nip lightly and I groan louder, taking your hair in my hand I push your mouth harder against me loving the feel of your lips and teeth. I drag your mouth across my chest to my other my nipple as I feel your hand slide between us and squeeze my hard cock firmly, slowly stroking my hard shaft as I feel the precum dripping from the tip of my cock. You move lower, trailing kisses down by body, stopping to lick and nibble my belly button, I laugh softly from being tickled as you kiss lower, your mouth on my hip. As I look down you lock your eyes with mine as you take the head of my cock in your mouth, taking my shaft deep in your mouth you cup my full balls with your hand, letting one nail graze the crinkled skin of my ass. I feel you move you mouth lower, licking my balls, then sucking them into your mouth as you slip the tip of your finger in my ass, teasing me with it as your nipples harden even more against my softly haired thighs. “Oh god Sandy, that feel so good,, but if you don’t stop I am going to cum all over you.” I whisper throatily. You pull your mouth away and leave the tip of you finger in my ass, as you lick and nibble the inside of my thighs. You kiss your way back up my body, letting your finger slip from my ass as you reach my mouth again, kissing me deeply I taste my precum on your lips, salty and sweet at the same time. 

   I roll over on top of you, my cock pressing against your pussy as I kiss you. I feel you hips thrust up toward me, I pull mine back as I pull my mouth from yours, “Not yet darling”, I whisper as I begin to kiss down your body. I move to your nipples, softly sucking one of them between my lips, pulling gently on it as I let my teeth graze against it, biting gently on it I then release it and move to your other nipple, teasing it with my tongue until it becomes hard as a cherry. I then kiss down your body, my fingers just ahead of my mouth. I slowly slide down your body feeling your stockings slide up my sides I grow even harder from the feel of the soft nylon sliding on my skin. I reach your pussy and pause for a moment to look at the smooth shave skin before lowering my mouth to you glistening lips. I let the tip of my tongue slide between your lips, pressing inside of you to taste your pussy, tasting the tart salty wetness of you as I move my mouth back up to your hard clit. I suck it between my lips, holding it gently as I start to move my tongue in circles around the base of it, teasing it, bouncing it side to side as I slide first one then a second finger into your pussy, pressing them deep in your body. I hear you moan, hear you calling my name softly as your pussy squeezes my fingers. I slip them slowly back out and move one finger down to your tight ass, teasing it as I move my mouth back to your wet pussy, fucking you gently with my tongue. I lift you legs up onto my shoulders, the top of your stocking smooth against my skin as I kiss lower. I let the tip of my tongue touch the tight pucker of your ass. I hear you inhale deeply and look up your body to see you squeezing your nipples, tugging on them as I push my tongue into you ass. I thrust my tongue deeper into you as you feel the tip of my nose rubbing your clit, the soft hair of my mustache brushing your shaved wet lips. I feel you squeezing your thighs against me as you start to cum. I quickly move my mouth upward, sucking your clit harder, then quickly sliding one finger deep in your ass, pushing it in as deeply as I can. I bring up my other hand and push two fingers back in your pussy, feeling the soaked instantly from how wet you are. I start fucking you with both hands, thrusting deep in and out as I suck your clit, bouncing it with my tongue, first softly then harder as you start to cum. I push my fingers in and hold them inside you, curling the ones in your pussy forward in your body as I rotate the one in  your ass, stretching you with it from side to side. I feel your hands in my hair, pushing me away, then pulling me tighter. I slowly release your clit from my mouth then start licking your lips, softly nipping them with my teeth as I gently move my fingers in and out. I look up at your face seeing a light glisten of sweat from the intensity of your orgasm as I slowly pull my fingers from your body, feeling your pussy sucking at the ones there as your ass clenches the probing finger as it slowly eases out of you. 

   I kiss back up your body, this time more quickly as I reach your mouth you taste your pussy on my lips, my wet beard brushing your skin as you lift your legs and wrap them around my hips, the tips of your heels against the back of my thighs. You look up into my eyes and smile, “Fuck me now, fuck me with your hard cock until you fill my pussy with cum” you tell me as I thrust forward. “I love the sound of your voice darling” just as I push deep inside you. I fuck you hard, thrusting deep into you with each stroke, feeling my cock hit the top of your pussy with each stroke. I push up on one arm and squeeze your hard nipple with my other hand, gripping your swollen tits with my fingers as I move my hips up and down. You feel me thrusting harder as I feel your heels against my thighs, urging me in you, urging me to take you, to make you mine. I grab your hands and pin them above your head, holding them there as I kiss you hard and deep, my tongue moving in rhythm with my cock, thrusting deep over and over again. 

   I feel you start to tighten down on me, feel you start to cum again. Unable to resist the urge to cum with you I thrust harder, pounding my hips into yours as I drive my cock as deep into you as I can. You can feel my cock swelling inside you, stretching you ever further as I start to cum with you. I feel the first jet of hot cum surge from balls and out of my thrusting cock to spray inside you. As soon as you feel me start to cum you scram out in your own pleasure, cumming hard with me as we both explode. 

   I push and hold my hips against you, the last of my cum seeping from the head of my cock as I kiss you again. I feel your pussy milking my cock, urging the last of my seed into your body. We slowly calm down, soft kissing replacing hard ones, our lips almost bruised with the intensity earlier as we both touch and stroke each other. I roll to the side pulling you into my arms as I lay on the bed, my hands on your skin, slipping down to feel our wetness together. I lightly stroke your pussy, spreading our cum over your skin, then lift my fingers up to my mouth to taste them, to taste us together then kissing you again to share it with you, to share the taste of our passion.

   I hold you as we both slide under the sheets, our hand never letting go of one another as we snuggle together, still not speaking as we start to doze off in each others arms. My last waking thoughts are of your voice in my ear, soft and warm, “We are wonderful together Patrick.” I softly whisper back, “Yes Sandy we are.” Sleep then overcomes us both as we drift off safe and secure in each others arms.