 After our first sexual encounter at the photography studio, Lola and I would hook up whenever our schedules allowed. She's incredibly hot, very sexy and loves to talk dirty to me... before, during, and after sex. And the sex... oh, so fucking good!

Today we were meeting at Kim's place. Kim is her best friend, and she often lets us use her apartment for our encounters. Kim always finds something to do, leaving us alone. But she has playfully threatened to stay and watch. Damn... that would be so unbelievable!

Kim answered the door, telling me that Lola was unexpectedly delayed, and that we could just hang until she arrived. That was fine with me. Kim is pretty hot... a gorgeous redhead with a fine form. I'd be lying if I said I didn't think about fucking her. But she is Lola's friend, and totally off limits.

Kim's a bit of a flirt, and always looks pretty sexy... today just a light silk robe, loosely tied in front. She told me she was getting ready to go out, but would keep me company. Well, that was fine with me. But I was also eager to be getting it on with Lola... licking her pussy just the way she likes it, and then sliding my cock into her. Thinking about it made me hard, and I was hoping Kim wouldn't notice.

Leading me to the couch, Kim told me to have a seat while she prepared a bowl for us. I love getting high, and especially love having sex while high... so nice! Kim Sat next to me as we smoked, a little too close for my comfort, but with each toke I didn't mind as much.

And then I noticed... her robe was untied and I had a clear view of her amazing breasts. When did that happen? Damn, she looked so good... her nipples at attention despite the cozy warmth of the apartment. Kim noticed my gaze... "See something you like?" she asked with a sexy, sly smile. And despite her amazing looks, I mumbled something about maybe she should cover up.

Kim just laughed at me, stood up and opened her robe fully, giving me an unobstructed view of her amazing body. Any doubts about her being a natural redhead were quickly erased. She kept herself nicely trimmed, with a perfect thin patch right above her pussy.

"So, you're a hotshot photographer. I've seen your photos of Lola, even the ones for your private collection... you fucking pervert! But, I do love them so much. She's beautiful, and you capture her so well. How about doing a photo shoot with me?"

I told her she looked unbelievable, and that I would love to. But, I would like to discuss that with Lola first. Seeing that they are great friends, I didn't want anything to screw up what I had going with Lola, despite how great Kim looked. And she was a natural... showing herself off for me... going from one hot pose to the next... using her hands in a blatantly sexual way. And I was definitely rock hard. Damn...

Kim slowed down a bit, and coming to a pause, she said she had a nice surprise for me... but first, another bowl. While were toking away, Kim picked up the remote and started a video on the big TV. It was Lola, doing a lap dance for some guy I didn't know. He was a complete stranger... well, to me anyway.

I knew Lola and her husband hosted lap dance parties. They were swingers with a select group of couples. She loves the parties, and I have no problem with it whatsoever. In fact, it makes her even hotter to me knowing the effect she has on men.

Kim enjoyed the show almost as much as I did. "Did you know that I dance too? I love turning men on... in case you hadn't noticed. I love seeing the bulge in their pants and the lust in their eyes for me. And I'm pretty good at it, and don't mind taking it a lot further than dancing."

And apparently, Lola didn't mind either. I watched her intently as she moved all over her man... pressing and gyrating her body against him, driving him insane, until she finally unzipped his pants to free his hard cock. She went down on him immediately, stroking and sucking his cock while he watched her intently.

And that's when Kim got up and started to dance for me. Damn, the situation was unbelievable... her live, dancing in front of me, stroking her tits and pussy, while Lola gave her guy a great blowjob on the TV. Oh God... seriously... what was I doing? Lola is going to be pretty pissed when she finds out. And there is no doubt she will. And besides, she could walk in any minute.

The scene shifted on the TV. Whoever was behind the video camera knew what he was doing. Now it was POV, with Lola staring directly into the lens, as she licked, sucked, and stroked her guy. I was torn between watching Lola or Kim. They were both hot and sexy, and my cock was bursting in my jeans. I wanted to free my dick and stroke it while watching these two beautiful women.

Kim must have been reading my mind. Standing directly in front of me, she leaned over and said "You look a little uncomfortable. Let's do something about that". And leaning all the way in, her hot breath on my neck, she started unbuckling my belt, whispering in my ear that she wanted to see me stroke myself while she danced for me. "It's okay... Lola won't mind. You're just masturbating."

I let Kim unbuckle my belt, and pull down my zipper. She reached in and set me free. Oh... that's nice, my hard cock standing at attention and throbbing. But unexpectedly, Kim started stroking my cock... what??? I'm supposed to do that! When I started to protest, she quietly whispered in my ear again "You need to shut up, and enjoy this. Everything is gonna be fine". And with that she slid down and engulfed my pulsating manhood with her mouth... sliding her lips up and down my shaft, licking, stroking, and moaning. She was so good, and I loved every fucking second of it.

So here I was... looking over Kim's bouncing head and watching Lola sucking her guy's cock. It was amazing. The whole situation was so very damn hot. And I let myself go with it, but knowing there was a price that would be paid. I'm cheating on Lola with her best friend. How did this happen? How could I let myself get this fucking far with Kim?

While lost in these thoughts, but somehow still enjoying my dick getting sucked, Kim looks right at me and says... "Is she fucking him yet?" And right on cue, Lola climbs up on her guy's lap and takes him inside her. Lola let out a long moan, and then started riding him... bouncing up and down, head back, her hair flying everywhere. It was so intense.

Kim slowly released my cock from her mouth, stood up, and stepped back... "I'm going to dance for you, and you're gonna stroke your cock while we watch each other. I get really hot and wet when I see a man stroke his cock while watching me put on a show for him."

Well... this isn't so bad. Kim's only stroked and sucked my cock. Maybe I can talk my way out of this when Lola finds out. So I stroked my dick slowly while Kim put on a show, occasionally sneaking a peek at Lola fucking that lucky guy.

Kim was really into her routine, which included getting very close to me... her pussy grinding on my leg, and shoving her beautiful tits in my face... at other times, showing her backside to me, blatantly pushing her ass against my hard cock. 

Finally, Kim faces me and climbs up on my lap, straddling me, her super wet pussy rubbing along the length of my shaft, making sure her clit got plenty of attention. Her face against mine, whispering in my ear how much she loves teasing me.

Kim locked her lips to mine, rose up a little and sat back, impaling herself on my super hard cock. Oh sweet Jesus... now it's over. Kim is fucking me, and I'm fucking loving every second of it. She's riding my cock slowly, swirling her tongue around mine, and moaning.

This is my final surrender. I'm totally absorbed in the moment. I'm high from the weed, Kim's been teasing me mercilessly, and Lola is on the big screen fucking her way to an ecstatic high. I no longer think of anything but Kim's pussy wrapped wetly around my super hard dick.

I let Kim ride me... each hot wet stroke bringing me closer to my crashing climax. Her mouth is wet, her tongue swirling, and she's whimpering and moaning softly in my ear as she tells me how sweet it is to fuck me.

And me? Ultimate surrender to this hot, red headed, sweet vixen. My hands on her hips, I help her while she sucks my cock with her hot pussy. I'm right on the edge of my release...

"Not now hotshot" Kim whispers, and I come crashing back to reality. Jesus... now what?

Lifting herself up, my cock slowly slides out of her vagina. Kim clearly has an agenda.

"Mmm... baby, this is so nice", she says." And then she adds... "You have nothing to worry about with Lola... she's gonna be totally fine with this."

"Oh sure", I reply "It ain't your dick she's gonna cut off!"

Kim dismisses that with a soft low chuckle as she starts whispering in my ear about how Lola's been telling her how nice I eat pussy. And now she wants some.

"It's been a long time since someone has eaten me right... and it wasn't no guy either. So baby, stay just the way you are. I'm climbing up there and planting my wet pussy right on your mouth, and you're gonna do me good."

Kim then rubbed her wet pussy against my cock, and that got me in the mood. I'm so ready to suck on her. 

Climbing up, and straddling me, Kim presented herself perfectly to my waiting lips. Her pussy was so wet, and she tasted so fucking good. Kim was loving every second... moaning and quivering... getting closer and closer to her orgasm, but in no rush to get there. She wanted it to last. My kinda woman.

Her knees and shins had me pinned to the couch, but I could get my hands on her sweet little ass. And that was perfect... keeping her properly positioned for my attentions. And that's when it happened... I felt hands around the base of my cock, and a mouth sliding down my hard long shaft. What the fuck!! I tried to maneuver Kim aside enough to see what was what, but she had me pinned pretty well and I didn't want to hurt her.

"Hey stud, just go with it, and get back to sucking my pussy... now!"

Well, whoever was sucking my cock knew what they were doing, so what the fuck... I went with it. It's been a wild afternoon and I wasn't finished with Kim. I renewed my attentions with even more vigor, especially given the added motivation of someone sucking my cock.

And as I brought Kim to her climax, a strange thought passed through my head...

"God, please don't let that be some guy. I'm not ready for that... not now at least."