 I couldn't believe he was finally there. It had been almost six months since the first time we got together. He looked so good and smelled great. I led him to the bedroom where the bed was already turned down and the candles lit. After waiting so long to be with him again I wanted to be able to see everything so I could remember it later. I dropped to my knees without a word. 

I unzipped his jeans and pulled out the cock I'd been thinking about for so many months. He was already hard and I smiled up at him, grasping him with my hand as I brought my mouth closer to the head. His cock was twitching with anticipation and his hands rested lightly on either side of my head, fingers threaded through my hair. He pulled me closer and I went willingly. I've thought about sucking his cock every day for a long time. I took the head into my mouth and grabbed his ass, pulling him all the way into my mouth, relaxing my throat to try to take all of him. He moaned and I could feel my pussy juices starting to flow. I was wet the minute I saw his car in the driveway. I don't understand this uncontrollable lust I have for him but it's wonderful. 

I took my time with him. I didn't want it to be over too fast. I wanted to savor the taste and feel of his cock in my mouth. I'd wanted it for so long. I sucked and licked him for a while and soon he started breathing faster and thrusting into my mouth. I knew he wanted to come, so I started biting him, gently at first and then harder. It didn't take long before I felt his hot come spurting into my mouth. I pulled his cock out just enough so that some of his come dribbled out and I used my fingers to push it back into my mouth. "Don't swallow it." he said, looking down at me. 

"Hold it in your mouth for me--I want to see it." I held his come on my tongue and came up slowly from my knees, pushing him down to sit on the edge of the bed. I straddled him and he said "Show me." I opened my mouth, showing him my cupped tongue and the pool of come that was resting there. He saw the question in my eyes and smiled at me. "O.K. You can swallow it now," he said. I did, and then licked my lips and fingertips to make sure I got every drop. "You're such a good little cocksucker," he said.

God, I was soaking wet. The juice was running out of my pussy and down my thigh. I was naked underneath my skirt and I started to rub my wet, slippery pussy on him, grinding against his thigh. He pulled on my nipples through the thin microfiber fabric of my top. My skirt was hiked up and soon he had my breasts out of my top and his mouth and hands were all over me. We stopped and stripped and he pulled me to the edge of the bed, kneeling between my thighs. The first touch of his tongue on my pussy sent a shiver through me. 

His finger slipped inside me and his breath was hot against my cunt as he looked up at me and said "God, you are SO wet." I know I am. I feel like I should be ashamed of my response. I'm such a slut for him. But I can't help it. I want to be his fantasy and do all the nasty things we talk about on the phone. He started licking me, his finger sliding in and out. I remember telling him how much I like being finger fucked, especially while I'm having my pussy eaten. Something about the fingering makes me feel so naughty. Like when I was a teenager and still a virgin and I'd let my boyfriend finger me when we were making out. God, I couldn't believe I was coming already. His mouth sucking on my clit sent me over the edge and I held his head and pushed my cunt against his lips. It seemed like my orgasm lasted forever. He kept sucking my clit until I finally pushed him away. He was chuckling--proud of himself and enjoying my response to him. I know that he loves the fact that I am so hot for him, that I will do almost anything to please him.

We lay down on the bed and started stroking and kissing each other. He felt so good to me. I threw my leg over his hip and he stroked my skin lightly with his fingertips. "So soft." he said. My hand trailed down his belly to his cock, which was ready again. 

"So hard." I replied, stroking him. He rolled over on top of me and started rubbing the head of his cock up and down my wet slit. It felt so good and I wanted it inside of me so badly. I pushed against him, trying to get his cock inside me. But he wouldn't let me have it—he was teasing me. I felt the head slip in, and I pushed toward it. He pulled back and said "Tell me what you want." I looked into his eyes and said " I want you to fuck me, hard!" With that, he drove into me and I gasped at the feeling, the pleasure of it. "Talk to me," he said. 

"I love the way your cock feels inside me. So big and hard. I wish you could fuck me every day. Oh, God, that's it. Fuck me. Fuck my wet pussy." I reached down between us and started rubbing my clit. It felt so good, his strokes were long and deep. I wrapped my legs around him and started rubbing my clit faster. Soon I came again--the first time I had come with his cock inside me and it felt great. I could feel my pussy contracting around his cock and suddenly he slowed down. I squirmed beneath him, grabbing his ass and pulling him into me, trying desperately to get him to keep fucking me. It felt so good I never wanted him to stop. "Easy." he said, pulling almost all the way out of me. "I don't want to come yet." This was good because I’d waited so long to see him again that I didn't want it to be over too soon either, but I was so fucking hot for him.

I pushed him away and back down on the bed and decided to give him a little show. I faced him and started touching myself. First both hands on my breasts, playing with the big nipples he tells me he likes so much. Gradually, one hand snaked down over my belly and I spread my legs wider so he could get a good view of my shaved cunt. I was soaking wet from his tongue and cock and I spread the juice up to my clit and started rubbing it in circles. He was watching me very closely and I could tell from the look in his eyes that he was really enjoying it. I'd never been like this with anyone--so uninhibited, and it felt great to know that he was so turned on. "Will you put your finger inside me?" I asked. "I want you to finger fuck me while I make myself come." He slipped first one finger, then two, inside me and I kept rubbing my clit. He bent his head to my breast and took my nipple between his teeth and gently bit it and that's all it took. I came so long and hard that I felt weak all over. I lay there breathing hard and he just watched me. 

"Are you ready to come?" I asked him. 

"Turn over." he replied.

I rolled over on my belly and stuck my ass up in the air, wiggling a little. "Come over here and fuck me." I said. I rested on my forearms and he took me from behind. It felt wonderful--his big cock filled me up and he pushed into me, hard. I could feel him at the very bottom of my pussy. He started sliding in and out of me, and I slipped my hand under the pillow and pulled out a little silver bullet-type vibrator and a small tube of lube. "Here," I said, putting the lube on my new toy. Put this up my ass and you'll be able to feel it while you're fucking me." He looked at me with pure lust in his eyes and took the bullet from me. "Careful." I said, since I'd never used it in this manner before. He slid it gently inside me and turned the switch. "Can you feel it on your cock?" I asked. 

"Yes." he said, sliding his cock almost all the way out of me. "It feels great, and so does your pussy." He said, sliding back inside me all the way. The bullet buzzed away as he stroked in and out of me. I hadn’t been fucked this well in a long time--maybe ever. He kept fucking me for a few more minutes and I could tell he was going to come soon, but I had no idea how hard. It was amazing--his whole body tightened up and I felt his cock filling me with his come. We lay there afterward holding hands, fingers intertwined, exhausted but very well fucked.