 Author's note: This story starts off slow; it's based on some true events and some fantasy. Names have been changed. If there is a good response to this story I will post more about the rest of our weekend together. 



It's strange where you can meet people. You can meet people at work, crossing the street, at a bar, at a party or even on the internet. Let me start from the beginning. I'm a single thirty-something female living and working in the concrete jungle of NYC. While there may be eight million of us, it's sometimes hard to find the one person out of the eight million that you actually connect with. 

On a rainy Sunday in May I was browsing the internet clicking around when I came across a free social networking website (not Facebook), where you could connect with people who had similar interests to you. Once I started poking around some more, I realized there was more of an adult content theme to this website than I had originally thought. There were both men and women posting about a myriad of topics from politics to sex to the taboo. Some people would even posts pictures of themselves, some regular like the ones you'd see on your friends Facebook page, but then some not so regular where people would be nude or even having sex. 

After a few days of poking around this website, I decided to join. I filled out my profile, made up a handle and added some pictures. Within a few days I already started talking to several people. It became a bit of a past time. Something to do after work if I didn't have plans, something to check on my iPhone, it was my guilty pleasure, my dirty little secret. 

I was checking out some of the male profiles, just clicking around when I saw him. I won't tell you that he looks like Brad Pitt, because he doesn't. He looks more like a young Tom Cruise. He was very handsome so I decided to send him a friend request. Him turned out to have a name, his name was John, 36, and lived about 5 hours away from me. I complimented John on his pictures and he in return complimented me on mine. Prior to John I had never given anyone from this site my personal email or IM information. We exchanged yahoo messenger names. 

The first time John and I chatted on yahoo we ended up chatting for two hours. I hadn't done that in years. I'm usually pretty guarded when I first meet people, but he was different. I felt comfortable around him and I think he felt the same way about me. We started to tell each other things, that we don't normally tell our best friends or significant others (when we had them). Our IM conversations quickly turned into phone conversations. Our phone conversations were amazing; we'd talk about everything from politics, to books, to life experiences, to work, to our days, to our sexual fantasies. 

John and I started to have phone sex regularly. I had phone sex before but not like this. John would get me so turned on when I would cum, it would feel like I was cumming from sex with another person, not just from playing with myself. The more phone sex we had, the hornier I got. It got to the point where I was playing with myself at work and sending him naughty pictures and he would do the same. I had trouble concentrating at work; all I could think about was fucking this delicious man. I had to have him. 

I was thinking about asking John to meet me someplace the following week for a night, someplace in between when I got a text message from him. He was going to be about 90 minutes outside of NYC for work and was willing to stay the weekend if I would join him. I had met men from the internet before, but would always make a point to meet in a public place, nothing like this. It had been so long for me. More than a year since I had been with a man. I needed him. I didn't care about the risk.

The next week flew by, between work and some personal things I had going on before I knew it, Thursday had come around. I was in my apartment packing for my weekend with John when he called. We confirmed plans; I would take an Amtrak train from Penn Station after work and would be to the hotel before 9 PM. We agreed that we would probably both be exhausted from the work week and would just stay in and talk and see what happens. John told me his room had two queen size beds, so if I didn't feel comfortable sleeping in the same bed with him I didn't have to, although I think we both knew we would be ending up in the same bed. 

When I was at work on Friday, the day seemed to crawl. I couldn't wait until 5 to get out and get on this train. My mind started to wander about what could happen. I started to think about him ripping off my clothes when I get into the hotel room and fucking me senseless on a desk. Then I started thinking about him laying me down in bed and making sweet love to me, holding me, caressing me. Before I knew it I was taking a trip to the ladies room and playing with myself. I kept getting myself really close and not letting myself cum. I put my leg up on the side of the stall and started to rub my clit like there was no tomorrow. My legs were starting to buckle I grabbed onto the side of the stall and came. I tried to muffle my moans by biting on my suit jacket. I don't think I did a very good job, but I was lucky that no one else had come into the ladies room at that time. 

Finally, my work day was ending and it was time to go. I made my way to Penn Station and boarded the train. I texted John to let him know we were about to depart from Penn Station and I'd be there before 9. He replied back and asked if dinner and a movie in the hotel room sounded good to me. That sounded like an excellent plan to me. When I got to the hotel, I made my way through to the elevators and up to the 5th floor to room 517. I was nervous, had butterflies in my stomach. I knocked lightly on the door and heard some shuffling on the other side.

John opened the door and there he was, even more handsome than his pictures, with his cute top gun smile. He took my hand and picked up my overnight bag with his other hand and brought me inside. John was wearing a nice shirt and a pair of jeans. I however was still in my skirt suit from work with heels, stockings, button down shirt, the whole-nine as they say. John led me through the room entry way into the main room area, where I saw a small table, a desk (smiled to myself), and two queen size beds. He put my stuff down and handed me a glass of wine. John spun me around a little and told me how much he loved my voluptuous figure. John pulled me close to him and hugged me. It felt so good to be in his arms, to be this close to him after months of talking, texting, emailing and iming. John let me know that room service should be arriving in about 10 minutes with our dinner. I decided to change into a pair of jeans and a tank top. While I was changing in the bathroom, I decided to freshen up my makeup and hair. While I was fixing my hair I heard the room service being delivered. I was starving and when I came out of the bathroom I saw John staring at my already hardening nipples through my tank top. I gave him a knowing smile and walked over to the small table where room service had placed our dinner. 

We ate and chatted, everything came so natural to us, the conversation, and the laughter. Not one moment of awkward silence or feeling awkward. It was after 11 by the time we finished dinner. We were both beat. I decided about 10 minutes into the dinner that I was definitely going to fuck John this weekend, several times. I wanted him more than I've wanted a man in a very long time. After dinner I went into the bathroom to change into my pajamas so we could watch the movie in bed. 

I put on a white almost see through camisole that was very low cut along with a pair of red lace boy shorts where my ample bottom was on display. I walked out of the bathroom right past John and hopped on the bed and asked if we were watching this movie or what. I loved the way John looked at me, like I turned him on and made him a little nervous at the same time. John climbed in bed next to me and I snuggled up next to him and laid my head on his chest. The next thing I knew I woke up and the credits were rolling on the movie. I had fallen asleep, some fun date I was. I heard the shower running and then turn off. 

I saw John come out of the bathroom with just a pair of red boxer briefs and a smile. He smiled at me when he saw I was awake. He jokingly called me sleepy head and climbed in bed behind me. He wrapped his arms around me and spooned me. I could feel his hard-on pressing against my ass. I moved my ass against him. I heard him let out a moan and tell me how much he loved my ass and that my ass looks even better in person than it does in pictures. 

I pulled my camisole over my head and gave him the "it's on signal". John moved his hands slowly from my waist up my belly and finally to my breasts. I felt his lips on my neck. John started to pinch my nipples and kiss and nibble on my neck at the same time. I arched my back into him, it felt so good. It had been so long since I had been touched. I never once had to tell him what to do; he knew exactly what I wanted, what I needed. It was almost like he knew my body better than me. I could feel the familiar tingling and throbbing in my pussy. I was starting to get wet and very turned on. I turned and faced John, we looked at each other right in the eye with so much desire and want it was incredible. John pulled me into him and we kissed hard. He was such a good kisser he was making my whole body weak. We rolled over so John was on top of me never breaking the kiss. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled my legs closer to my body so he was lying in between my legs. 

Each time John moved between my legs I felt his cock brush against the lace in my panties, it was exquisite teasing. My whole body was on fire; I'm not sure if I had ever been this turned on in my whole life. John hadn't even touched my pussy yet and I felt like I was on the edge of cumming. I moved my hands down his body and started to pull down his boxer briefs. He helped me push them all the way down. For the first time in several minutes we broke our kiss. John started kiss my breasts. He took a nipple into his mouth and I thought I was going to cum. I arched my back and pushed my breasts into his face. He started pinching one nipple while sucking on the other. He pinched my right nipple hard and sucked on my left and gently scraped his teeth against it. I started to shake a little bit. John took his mouth off of my left nipple and blew on it. I thought I was doing to die of pleasure. John looked up at me and told me he loved how responsive my body is to him and how turned I was getting.

John took his cock in his hand and I loved that cock, I loved the way it looked and the way it felt. He started to rub the head of his cock against my panty clad pussy. He found my clit with the tip of his cock and started to rub against it. It felt so good, I wanted him to rip off my panties and shove his big hard cock inside me, but he had other plans. I was getting so wet and so close, my thighs were now covered in my pussy juice and my panties were soaked. 

John started to kiss down my body. I was so turned on I was shaking and shivering at each touch. I saw him smile each time my body responded for him. John pulled my panties down and threw them on the floor. I knew what was next and I was so excited, when I felt his breath against my pussy I nearly pushed my pussy into his mouth. He gladly started to move his tongue through my pussy folds. He opened up my engorged pussy lips with his other hand and started the assault on my clit with his tongue. My body started to shake harder than before, I couldn't control it. I couldn't control any part of my body that is how turned on I was. John sucked my clit into his mouth and slid two fingers in my pussy. I arched my back and started to moan louder. He sucked on my clit harder. I screamed I'm cumming and begged him not to stop and started to plead for him to fuck me. Even after I came he continued to lap up my pussy, he started to lick my clit again. I had told him so many times on the phone that I was able to have multiple orgasms and he seemed determined to give me multiples. He started to lick my clit really fast. My whole body was thrashing. I felt his finger hit my gspot. My nipples were so hard I started pinching them myself. I was shaking uncontrollably. I had lost complete control, I was grabbing onto the pillows behind my head just to hold onto something. 

Then there it was my second orgasm, I exploded, I was screaming don't even know what I was saying or doing other than begging him to fuck me. John moved up my body and positioned his cock at the entrance of my pussy. He started to gently slide in. I heard him groan as his cock head parted my pussy lips. I wrapped my arms around him and pulled him into a kiss as he was sliding inside of me. I tasted myself on him. I didn't care I liked it and made sure I told him so. We interlocked our hands as he slowly pushed inside me. It had been over a year since I had sex; I knew my pussy was going to be tight for him. He was about halfway in when I started to squeeze my pussy muscles. He broke the kiss and smiled at me and told me if I kept that up he wasn't going to be able to last. I stopped for a little while. John started to move in and out and each time he moved in he went a little deeper. It felt so good. His cock was the perfect size. Big enough that I felt really full but not too big that it hurt or didn't fit. He felt like he was the perfect fit for me. 

John pulled my legs up so they were resting on his shoulders and pushed all the way in. I felt so full and stretched it was incredible; I loved the way his pelvis felt against mine. He let me get used to his thick cock for a minute. He looked me in the eye and smiled. I smiled back and squeezed my pussy muscles around him. He called me a bad girl and spanked my ass. He pulled almost all the way out and teased the entrance of my pussy with his cock head. He asked if I was going to be a good girl this time and I shook my head no. He laughed and said that's why I like you. He pushed all the way in again. He started to fuck me slow and deep. I started to meet his thrusts. It felt so good. I started to feel warm everywhere. I started to really moan and shake beneath him. He started to fuck me faster. I put my hand between us and started to rub my clit. I could feel my orgasm building. He started to fuck me harder and faster and started to talk really dirty to me. Telling me how much he loved my pussy, how often he jerked off thinking about this moment, how much he wanted to cum inside me. He was driving me crazy. It felt so good; I could feel him getting harder inside me. I dug my nails into his back and he fucked me faster. He was pounding my pussy. 

I was so close and told him so. He pushed my hand off of my clit and started to put his thumb on it. He told me he wanted to feel me cum on his cock. My body started to shake. I arched my back and grabbed onto him tightly and screamed I'm cumming. He fucked me hard and then I felt his cock expand and he told me he was cumming for me and shooting his big load into my pussy. 

We both collapsed laying there breathing heavy. I was still having aftershocks from the three incredible orgasms I had. All I could manage to say was mmm yes. We were both exhausted and laying in a sticky sweaty mess. We looked at the other bed and moved to that bed to sleep. John spooned me again and as I started to drift off to sleep I thought to myself, this is going to be a wonderful start to a weekend together.

To be continued....