 It started like my other shoots with her. Lola was looking great and very hot as always when she's in lingerie... today, a crotchless body stocking and a lace thong.

But during this shoot, something very different happened.

As we progressed through the set, Lola strayed from her typical poses, and started caressing herself... running her hands over her beautiful breasts, squeezing and pinching her nipples, and then exploring her crotch.

Her head was back, mouth open, and she was mewing little sounds of pleasure.

I never stopped shooting. She was so incredibly hot, and turned on. And that's when I noticed... her panties were open in front. Lola made one then two fingers disappear as she fingered herself, looking straight into the camera.

As a seasoned photographer, I know those looks are not for me. But it was easy to pretend they were. And I started pretending... a lot. My excitement was soaring... my heart pounding. I could barely keep the camera steady.

Her fingers were working furiously now, and I knew she was close. But Lola slowed it down, and looked right at me while slowly, sensually stroking her pussy.

"I need some help."

Holy fuck! I didn't see that coming.

As a professional, I know I should pass. But Lola is gorgeous, and very hot. So of course my dick started thinking for me. And it wanted to be inside Lola. But I knew, without her telling me, that she wanted my mouth on her.

There was no denying her. She has that power. And I was consumed by her overwhelming beauty and sexuality.

I started with some gentle kisses, with an occasional flick of my tongue against her clit. She was already very, very wet... her juices dripping down the crack of her butt. And she tasted so, so good.

You should know... I love eating pussy. I could do it for hours, and never get tired of it. There is nothing like bringing a woman over the top with your tongue. (Well... except for fucking your way to simultaneous orgasms. But that's for another fantasy.)

I was really working it, and I know it was working for Lola. Her hand was on the back of my head, keeping me close, but not forcing me onto her, encouraging me with her whimpers and moans... her free hand rubbing her tits and pinching her nipples... occasionally sucking on her fingers. Was this a preview of what was in store for my throbbing hard cock?

As she got closer to her climax, I would back off a little, and then bring her up again. I knew this was driving her insane. She wanted to come so badly.

Finally, I knew I had to finish her off.

Sliding two fingers into her hot wet pussy, I wrapped my lips around her clit, and used my tongue to gently massage her at the perfect spot while my fingers slowly sliding in and out of her wetness. Her juices were all over me now... so fucking wet, and so delicious.

Lola was whimpering, and moaning, and pleading with me to finish it. Her body started the familiar tensing, and her thighs involuntarily pressed against the sides of my head, and her hand gripping my hair, pulling me ever so closer. I continued with my careful licking and sucking, and knew she was right on the edge.

While softly crying out, Lola finally exploded... her body shaking and quivering in sweet release... her moans getting louder, nearly screaming out in relief as I continued working her with my tongue... slower now... winding down... eventually sliding my wet fingers from her pussy as her legs loosened their grip on me.

Our eyes locked together. We both knew it was special, and it wouldn't be the last time. We were insanely sexually compatible.

Lola then gave me a sly smile and turned over, getting her knees under her, and her beautiful ass in the air, giving me a clear view of her soaking wet pussy, and her glistening inner thighs.

"Hey tiger, that was nice, but I need to be fucked... RIGHT NOW!"

Damn, I couldn't believe this was happening. We worked many times before, and although I often fantasized about her, especially when editing her photos, we always kept it professional.

I gently dipped the tip of my cock into her pussy, getting it wet from her juices, and then sliding it across her clit. I did this over and over... just the tip, keeping it wet, and then using it on her clit.

Finally, Lola, moaning in pleasure, reached back, grabbed my cock, and started stroking me slowly. Her way of saying the teasing was over. It's now time for business.

Lola positioned my throbbing hard cock at the entrance to her vagina. I didn't have to do anything. She was in total control. She then pushed back, impaling herself while letting out a long moan as she took me all the way.

She was so wet and hot. And I was delirious. I was inside her! And she was fucking me... rocking forward and back... still stroking my cock with her hand as I slid in and out... occasionally rubbing my balls.

I had the perfect view of my cock sliding in and out of Lola's sweet pussy. It had been awhile, and my orgasm was building... getting closer, and closer. But, I didn't want it yet... so what to do?

I started thinking of other things... "It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood..."

Shit, what the fuck am I... a fucking kinky weirdo pervert?

Anyway it wasn't working, so I had to do the next best thing... change position.

I slowly slipped out. Lola, understanding perfectly, rolled over onto her back and moved her butt to the edge of the bed. With a hand in each leg, Lola pulled her knees back, giving me a perfect view of her wet pinkness.

I slipped myself back in, both of us moaning in pleasure as I slowly slid in and out of her hot, wet pussy. I took control of Lola's legs... placing my hands under her knees... setting her hands free.

She immediately put them to use... touching her breasts, pinching the nipples, rubbing her clit, and occasionally making a V shape with her fingers... placing them on each side of my cock. And occasionally, Lola would slip them into her mouth... tasting her own wetness.

Not to be left out of the touching fun, I wet my thumb and started slowly massaging Lola's clit with it. Her moans increased in intensity, and I knew what would happen if I didn't stop. And Lola didn't want me to.

I kept massaging her clit, pumping my cock in and out of her, feeling the familiar signs of her impending release. Lola was squeezing her breasts, arching her back, and moaning in delight when she finally came.

I slowed down to give Lola time to recover. After a few moments, she locked eyes with mine.

"I want you to fuck my tits."

I have to admit, this was one of the fantasies I enjoyed privately while editing her photos. And it was about to come true!

We repositioned on the bed. Straddling her, I placed my cock between her large and beautiful breasts.

But Lola had something else in mind first. 

Grabbing my dick, she pulled me toward her mouth, swirling her tongue around the head, and running it up and down my shaft. Stroking and sucking and licking her pussy juices off my cock... moaning and mewing the whole time.

Damn, she better stop! I was in serious jeopardy of losing it right there. And Lola knew it... never had to say a word. She was a talented and experienced lover, and could read the signs.

She pushed me back gently, and repositioned my hard cock between her tits, grabbing one in each hand... pushing them together.

We locked eyes, and she smiled that smile, and I started rocking back and forth. We could not take our eyes off each other the whole time I was fucking her tits. She was amazing.

And then it was my turn, even though I wanted it to last forever.

"It's okay... we'll definitely be doing this again. Give it to me all over my tits."

And that's all it took.

I grabbed my cock as I started to explode... spraying my cum all over her tits, with a little landing on her chin. It was incredible.

With an impish grin, Lola dipped a finger in my cum, and started sucking on it. Damn that's super hot.

Where the fuck was my camera?

Later, as we lay side by side, enjoying our thoughts of what just happened, and what may happen, I kissed her passionately, our tongues swirling around. And it was then that I realized that I was kissing her for the very first time.