 As was customary, Clark's body refused his mind's plea for a few extra minutes of sleep. A morning person by nature, the years of 5am rounds had only reinforced the habit, and sleeping in was considered to be seven. He had hoped that the move into a more academic role would fix the issue, but to this day, he usually greeted the sun instead of the reverse.

On this morning, the "where" and "who" were much more abnormal than the "when". Jasmine's bed was plenty large, but when he woke, he found her snuggled against him, his left arm draped over her waist. Their combined body heat was more than enough to keep them warm, and the bedding had long since found the floor of her room. Clark admired her body in the morning light. She was somewhat shorter, her head reaching just above shoulder level when they stood side by side, and her body was the perfect balance of tone and curves.

He shifted away slightly, partly to make room for his rapidly growing erection, and mainly to afford him a better view of Jasmine's ass. Early on, he had recognized the advantages of walking behind her, and enjoying how it moved in any clothing. Clark felt his desire, and his penis, grow steadily, and considered his options. Two things he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt; Jasmine loved her sleep, and her morning cup of coffee. With that, the perfect gentleman in him wanted to quietly sneak out of the bed, retrieve his clothes, make his way to the kitchen to start a big strong pot, and patiently wait for her to stroll in and join him. The less-than-perfect gentleman in him wanted...her. Now.

He moved his head forward and gently inhaled, hoping to find her hair still flower-scented. He was pleasantly surprised to find that it was, and also found that her salty sweetness was on his lips and mouth. Makes sense, he thought, I spent a good amount of time down there. Recalling her words in the restaurant, (At what point are you going to take a risk? Ever? I am here with you. Today. Right now. This. Very. Moment.) was the proverbial straw.

For it was then that Clark realized that he needed to make the most of the time that he had, rather than playing for some additional time that might never come.

Clark slid his arm up and around Jasmine's arm, his left hand draped gently across her breast. She stirred briefly, and leaned back into him. He could tell that she was still sleepy, and kept his hand far enough away that he brushed up against her only when she inhaled. After a few minutes, he noticed that the move had its desired effect, as her nipple began to get hard, and she began to softly sigh. He moved his hand in between them and gently cupped her left breast while drawing slow circles around the areola with his thumb. She responded by leaning her entire body against him, finding his hard shaft with her ass. She matched her movements with his, and soon they were in synch in both movement and desire.

Clark moved his hand south, and began exploring her vagina again, keeping his penis nestled between her cheeks. He entered her just long enough to lubricate his fingers, and then returned to her clit, teasing her by slowly circling it. She responded by pulling her left leg back over his, and moving her hips to accentuate the movement, as well as stroke his cock. She reached back to grab him, desperate to have him inside her once again, but he resisted. He pressed his cheek into hers, whispering in her ear, "Soon enough. For now, enjoy this, and fill my ear with your moans like you did last night. That will really get me going, and I think you will like the results. " Clark's direction, and the promise of what was to come, sent Jasmine's body into overdrive, and soon she gave him a memorable earful.

Clark turned her to him, and kissed her deeply, waiting for her to recover somewhat from the euphoric rush that had overwhelmed her, while enjoying the anticipation. He also made a mental note to revisit her latest orgasm; there was something truly magical about what had just happened, and he wanted to make sure he could reproduce those results on demand. That analysis would come when time permitted. Now, he had more pressing concerns.

He rolled Jasmine on her back and kissed down the length of her body until he was once again between her legs. He reveled in her wetness, and watched as her eyes met his. Once he saw she was watching, he moved his right hand up, and put his pinky in her ass. The startled look quickly gave way ecstasy, and Clark had yet another piece of valuable information to assess. He licked and fingered her for a minute, then sat up and put two pillows under her to better align their bodies. He sat on his knees and pulled her toward him, stopping just short of entering her so he could rub the head of his penis on her clit, and then moving just inside her, savoring her heat. 

Jasmine was through waiting, and moved her hips forward, taking him into her until his pubic bone was against her clitoris. Clark started off slowly, moving out only slightly, before slowly going in as far as possible. He then bent her legs back to her chest, moving almost completely out of her love canal before thrusting forcefully back in a systematic rhythm. One hard, seven gentle; two harder, six mild, up to all eight as hard as he could go before starting the cycle over. By the fourth round, Jasmine was done with tender moments in between, and shouted, "Don't stop fucking me, Clark!" He obliged, and she ran her fingers furiously over her clit while Clark banged away until her body convulsed with joy, her contractions urging him ever deeper inside.

Clark smiled at her, silently congratulating himself on a job well done. Before he had time to speak, Jasmine pulled him out and began stroking quickly. First with one hand, then both, she did her best to steady him while aiming his head between her breasts. "I want all of it, and I want it all over me" she cried, and her demand quickly sent him past the point of no return. Now it was Clark's turn to shout, and he did so in time with the hot spurts of cum that landed on Jasmine's neck, chest, and stomach. She continued her massage until she was certain there was nothing left to have, and spread his load on her breasts with her fingers. 

Clark recognized the satisfied look on her face and quipped, "Well, I suppose that makes us even?"

"I'd say that I got the better end of the deal, but given that you woke me up, I can go with that." She moved her index finger to her lips, "Yum. So what's a girl got to do to get a cup of coffee and breakfast?"

"This time? No charge. Next time? Who knows. But I am certain you can afford it." He kissed her, and moved to the edge of the bed to collect his clothes. "I'll be back in a bit. Any special requests?"

"Nope. You know what I like."

"Uh huh. And I look forward to adding to that list." With a devilish grin, he walked out of her bedroom, and found his way to the door.

Jasmine waited five minutes, giving him enough time to catch the elevator to the lobby before carefully reaching for her phone. She wanted to savor the smell and feel of Clark's cum for as long as possible, enjoying the feeling as it cooled on her skin. The last message of the evening said, "Call me as soon as you can!", and Jasmine knew better than to keep her waiting. She pressed the speed dial, and it rang three times before a voice sleepily answered.

"Soooo, how was it?" Sasha asked with a yawn.

"Aw man, I'm screwed."

"Obviously. And from the sound of it, quite recently. Where is he?"

"I sent him out for breakfast, and that's not it. I mean I am big time screwed. Like royally"

"How royally? 'SBK' royally?"

"No not like that. It was better than I remembered. He does something to me that no one else ever has. He touches me in this spot...I can't even tell you where it is. And heaven knows I've looked..."

"Ok, so he has your body wrapped around his...finger...fingers...whatever he uses. No big deal. It only becomes a problem if he knows it."

"I'm pretty sure he's aware, Sash!"

"Nah. Guys like Clark aren't that smart, or confident about their abilities in the sack. You just have to play it cool, and he will never know."

"Well this much I do know; he isn't going to want a fuck buddy, and I'm not sure I'm ready to date him."

"Yeah, well you two will just have to figure that one out on your own. I'm not going anywhere near that. I love you both too much."

"OK fine, just as long as we are clear on who you love more."

"J, you come out on top in my book every single time."

"I know, but I still like to hear it once in a while. OK, gotta get cleaned up before he comes back. Can't eat breakfast looking like this."

"Ummm, TMI, but go. You can give me all the details later."

"You know it. Later gator."

Jasmine placed the phone on her pillow, and sighed deeply. She loved how she felt, and wished that she could just stay where she was - physically and emotionally - for the rest of the day. But that was simply not possible, so she quickly showered, and threw on her workout clothes that she felt flattered her best. Shortly after, the doorman called to let her know that her guest had arrived.

Clark returned with two large cups of coffee, croissants, and fruit. They sat at her kitchen island, and enjoyed some small talk with their breakfast before Jasmine broached the subject.

"So listen, about last night..."

"You stop and listen, OK? It was a great meal, a fantastic night, and a spectacular morning. Neither one of us knows what this is, and that is completely understandable. There have been a ton of emotions and buildup, and not even a second to figure anything out. With me so far?"

Jasmine nodded, and braced herself for what was coming next.

"The thing is, we are both beyond busy. You are just getting settled, and I am up to my neck in teaching and manuscripts. And before you know it, the Fall semester starts, and then it's off to a symposia, and then a new grant opportunity, and then it's been a year, and we still haven't had 'the talk'. Relax, we're not going to have it now; for that matter we don't ever have to. But there is a window - I'd give it six weeks. If we can't figure out what we want from each other by then, I'd say it's not worth our time. Last night was beyond amazing, and I hope we can get together again soon. From the looks of it, you are off to yoga, and I am going to go run. I will call you soon, OK?"

With that, Clark kissed her on the cheek, polished off the last part of his croissant, and left. Jasmine's head was a jumbled muddle. That was not at all what she had expected. For that matter, nothing in the last three months had gone according to the plan in her head. Maybe she needed to stop planning. Perhaps. But for now she needed to stretch some muscles that Clark had somehow managed to miss, and focus on something other than him. There would be plenty of time for that.