 Faith stepped out of the store in such a rush that she never saw him coming. David had just looked down to the ringing that emerged from his pocket when she hit him, literally. It was 6:30pm on a snowy Thursday night at the corner of Queen and Yonge St when the two collided for what was not to be the last time.

"Excuse me." 

"Sorry." muttered David as he quickly slipped his phone back into his right pocket. He looked up and stopped. Standing before him was a face with the biggest, darkest pair of brown eyes he had ever seen. So dark in fact they looked almost black. Slightly thick eyebrows, impeccably shaped to give a teasing arch. A soft rounded nose that pointed away from her face. And her lips. Lips that a man begged for at sometime in his life. Lips so full that they pouted. They made Davids cock tighten just looking at them. 

Lost in a surprised state of shock David continued to stare while the two very dark brown eyes stared back.

"In most cases, when people say excuse me, it means they want to get by." chuckled Faith. And with a click of her heels she was off. 

David continued to stare, taken aback by the sight of a woman that so quickly played hit and run with his brain.

He watched her from outside the corner store while snow drifted slowly around him, casting an eerie orange glow around the street lamps that encircled the parking lot. The object of his curiosity was sliding gracefully into a silver BMW 3 series coupe. 

David stood 6'3, with black hair and dark blue eyes. He had a muscular build that was given to him through good genes and lots of exercise. And as he stood breathing in the harsh cold air, staring into the fading headlights he felt like kicking himself for letting the long legged brown-eyed nymph escape without any knowledge or hope that he would see her again. Shaking his head, he turned and started towards the entrance of the store. There was a large crunch as he stepped on something. He looked down and smiled. Luck be a lady tonight.

***

Faith stood staring out the window of her condo. She was on the 19th floor of the high rise building. She was eagerly waiting for the phone to ring and announce the arrival of her much needed dinner. It was freezing in the city and nothing but lights from other apartments and houses could be seen off in the distance. The wind made an eerie howling noise as she sipped white wine, staring off into the overcast sky.

Beep, beep, beep sang her phone. 

"Shoot." muttered Faith. She quickly scoured the glass end table to locate a coaster. Finding none, she just set it down.

Beep, beep, beep.

"I'm coming!" she yelled.

In her haste to get to the phone that hung on the wall in her kitchen she bumped the end table, spilling the contents of her glass onto the hardwood floor. Glass shattered and wine splattered, sending broken wet pieces onto her nearby black shag rug.

"Thank god it wasn't red wine." she muttered as she quickly dashed for the phone.

"Hello?"

"Delivery!" yelled the voice on the other line.

"Okay, 19th floor apartment 9."

"Beeeeeeeeeeeeeeep." went the buzzer of the door being unlocked as she pushed the number three button on her phone pad.

Faith put down the phone and went over to the front door where earlier she had kicked her snow encrusted heels and bag. Opening her bag she looked swiftly for her wallet. Nothing. Lip-gloss, makeup bag, agenda, cell phone, hand cream, bottle of water. No wallet. 

"Shit, shit!" she whimpered.

Where the hell was her wallet? Okay. Don't freak, she thought to herself. When did you last use your wallet? Let's see, I went to the gas station. No, no. First I went to Lunch with Amy. I had it then. Then I went to Indigo, got that book I really wanted. I went back to the office, got coffee later. Hmmmm-

Thump thump thump, a pounding knock on her door. 

"Just a minute!" she yelled, running and nearly tripping on the coat she had carelessly left laying in the entry way of her bedroom.

Thump thump thump went the sound of impatience. 

"Jeez, I said I'm coming!" she yelled.

She grabbed the twenty that was surrounded by change on her night table. 

She turned and tripped over her coat again in her hurry to get to the door. She jerked it open just in time to save her door from another round of beatings. 

"You ordered sushi?" asked a young Asian male as he shoved a plastic bag towards her. He looked to be in his late teens.

"Yeah. How much do I owe you?"

"$14.95, miss."

"Here," she said handing him the bill. "Keep the change!" she sang, slamming the door in his face. 

She had just placed her food down when the phone rang.

"I'm eating," she said out loud to her phone. "And for god sakes didn't someone invent answering machines for a reason?"

The phone continued to ring. If it was really important then the person would call her cell. Then she'd answer. 

Opening the container of California rolls and dragon rolls, Faith pointedly ignored her phone.

Finally a beep. The answering machine clicked on as she sat down to her tasty meal.

"Hello Faith," said a deep sounding male voice. "I'm not sure if you've gotten home yet, but I thought I'd call and save you some grief."

There was a long pause. Faith stopped with chopsticks in hand and a roll in her mouth and quirked an eyebrow.

"I have your wallet, and I would assume that you-" 

"Hello? I'm here!"

"Hi. I didn't think that you were home."

"Sorry I was sitting down for dinner and I- who is this?"

"David." was the reply.

"I'm sorry David, thank you so much I need to pick it up right away. I almost died this evening-er where exactly did you find my wallet?" 

"You left it on the ground outside the drug store. You know, on the corner where you bumped into me?"

"Ooooooooh-you."

"Yesss me."

Silence. She remembered him. The tall guy with the jet black hair, chiseled jaw and powerful looking lips that dared you not to touch them. And those eyes. Eyes so blue, so erotically dark and, and- 

"Um, so when can I pick it up?" she asked, clearing her throat.

"I don't know. I happen to be across the city right now. If you'd like I could come by and drop it off."

Faith looked around her condo. Shopping bags and glass littered her apartment floor.

"Ummm, maybe it would be better if I came and grabbed it from you." 

"Are you sure? I could easily swing by and drop it off."

"No that's alright. Let me grab a pen so I can write down you address."

***

Faith pulled into the parking lot of what looked like a small abandoned building. She got out of the car, locked it, and strolled towards the brown bricked building wondering if she had gotten the address wrong. It had taken her some time to discover the street. But living in a city where streets were double- and sometimes triple-named,there was sometimes only drive, crescent and street to mark the difference of area. She tentatively knocked on the door, huddling inside her warm coat to fight off the winter chill. 

Nothing.

Faith turned back to go to her car when she heard the front door open. 

"I've been waiting for you." said David as he gestured for her to enter. "Welcome to my home." He was wearing a white cotton sweater and a pair a jeans that had a tear at the left knee. He was gorgeous.

Faith quickly considered the ramifications of entering this handsome mans home. I mean what could the worst thing be? That he fucks me, she thought with a tingle of warmth spreading between her legs. No, it would be if he killed me and cut me up into tiny pieces, she decided. 

"I swear I don't bite," he chuckled, turning away from her as he retreated back into the house. "unless you want me to." He didn't even glance back to see if she had followed.

Faith took a deep breathe and stepped into the entry square of his house. There was only a small landing with a closet and a mat for shoes directly behind the door. Straight ahead was a staircase leading up to what looked like the living room, and to the right was another set of stairs that lead down below to a kitchen. The house was tastefully decorated and was full of rich browns and creams. As she slipped out of her shoes Faith realized that she should have gotten dressed properly before she left her condo. All she wore was a black silk skirt that rested just above her knees and a flimsy black blouse that left little to the imagination. 

"I don't mean to intrude on you and your family."she said as she followed him up into the living room. To her right, at the top of the staircase, was a roaring fire surrounded by a long dark brown leather couch. A cream shag rug lay directly before it. Ahead she could see a door which looked like it led to a bedroom or office. Another set of stairs to her left led to what was probably the top of the building. 

She stood in the living room waiting for him to reappear, refusing to go further into the unknown house. 

He came out of the door directly ahead of her, confirming her suspicions that a bedroom lay ahead, with what looked like a sleigh bed dominating its space.

"Sorry about that. I had put your wallet on my bed before I hopped in the shower." David said, glancing down.

She looked down too and saw ten masculine toes wiggle in hello. 

Faith laughed, "Well its nice to see that someone's enjoying this weather enough to go without socks. I'm freezing!"

"Come have a seat." He pointed to the cream colored shag rug.

Faith paused, unsure if she wanted to stay. This man was a tad overwhelming and reeked of confidence and power. Should she risk it? 

David gently gripped her upper arm and guided her towrad the fireplace 



Faith hesitated and then sat down.

"You know, I have one of these." Faith said sitting down with her legs gently folded beneath her.

"Really?"

"Yes, only right now it's got wine and glass all over it!" 

David cocked an eyebrow. She liked wine did she? Well, he was not one to argue with fate. If she liked to drink then drink she would. 

He went over to the cabinet on the opposite wall of the fireplace and opened it up. 

"Red or white?"

"White, please."

She looked up as he turned his back to her, admiring the way his muscles flexed with control under his shirt. 

"Here, let me help you with those" she said, rising to claim her glass. Maybe a little too quickly. Because when he turned she was there right behind him and he bumped into her, pushing the glasses away from her in hopes that he would not spill anything in her direction. 

"Oh my goodness I'm so sorry! I'm such a klutz!"

David stared at the red stain spreading on his shirt.

"It's OK, don't worry about it."

"I'll have it dry cleaned for you I-" her words broke off as without a care in the world he set the glasses down on the liquor cabinet and proceeded to remove his shirt.

"Really, I-" His chest made her tingle and flush.

"Not to worry, it's off and I'll be dry in seconds." He smiled willfully, looking down into her stunned gaze.

Their gazes met and locked. And as if god himself had bonked her on the head, Faith found she couldn't breathe.

"I- I-"

"You what?" asked David. Dropping his shirt to the floor, he quickly grabbed her before she could think about escaping.

"You know, I couldn't believe my luck when I saw you. This hot little number just came and rubbed up against me out of nowhere, and then scampers off before I have a chance to blink. So imagine my surprise when my little nymph left her wallet in a pile of snow. As if unknowingly saying to me, come and get me."

Faith just stared like a deer caught in headlights, mouth open in the shape of an O.

"Now I know I'm very lucky, because only a couple hours later I find myself at home with my arms around my little nymph" 

David had pulled Faith tightly to him, trapping her arms in his embrace and squeezing her breasts to his chest.

He leaned down and started whispering in her ear. He told her in erotic detail what he wanted to do to her, starting with her toes and working his way up. No part of her body would be ignored, he said, and just to make sure he'd gotten it right he'd do it all twice.

Faith felt her face flame up from all the things David was whispering to her.

She shuddered in pure delight. Her nipples hardened and she felt a squelch between her legs when she tried to turn away from him.

"I don't even know you." She sighed.

"You could."

David turned Faith in his arms so that her back was pressing up against him intimately. He slowly rubbed her arms with his large rough hands and murmured softly in her ear.

"Tell me you want this."

"I don't know," she moaned. "Please!"

"That's not what I wanted to hear," he said, chuckling lightly as he pulled her top up and over her head. 

"Now, tell me that you want this." He said again, pressing his raging hard-on against her pert bottom. He rubbed himself against her, letting her feel just how badly he wanted her. He breathed gently on her neck and then moved up slightly to nibble on her ear as he let her shirt fall to the floor. He unclasped her bra, releasing her breasts into his awaiting hands. Her nipples hardened instantly and her breasts swelled under his caresses. He pinched her nipples and she cried out from the exquisite pulse it sent to her already soaked pussy. She was drenched.

"I, I-" she whimpered.

"You what?" He asked as he rolled her nipples between his fingers. "Do you want this?" he said, squeezing her nipples again roughly. She squirmed in his firm grasp. 

"Or do you want something else?" he whispered, sliding his hands down her stomach and into the waist line of her skirt. 

Her head fell back into the curve of his neck as his left hand continued to play with her breasts. His right had been inching slowly down her navel and into her skirt, where all he encountered was smooth and hairless skin.

"Oh? Where is your underwear?"

"I didn't put any on." Faith moaned.

David felt his cock twitch, straining with a vengeance to be released.

Slowly he traced her wet lips as she continued to whimper, asking without words for him to touch her.

David withdrew his hand and without warning pushed her onto her knees. 

He walked around in front of her and knelt, grabbing a handful of hair to pull her head back. He locked eyes with her. 

"You're a very naughty girl, Faith. First you come over here acting all innocent and grateful, and then you start to tease and tempt me." He sighed. "And now I find out that you're not wearing any underwear! Tell me Faith. Are you a good girl or a bad girl?"

"A bad girl" she breathed.

David cocked an eyebrow. "And do you like it slow or rough?"

"Please," she whimpered.

"Slow or rough?" he growled.

"OOOhhhhh I-rough," she choked out. "Please!"

"And what is it that you really want Faith?"

"I want you!"

"What do you want me to do Faith?"

"I want-"

"Do you want me to fuck you Faith?"

"Ohhhhhhhh!"she moaned. "Please!"

"Say it," he growled. His cock throbbed. "Let me hear you say the words!"

"Fuck me."

"What's that?"

"Fuck me."

"Louder, Faith. I want you to scream it!"

"I want you to fuck me!" she shouted.

"How badly do you want me to fuck you, Faith?"

"Oooh god-" she exclaimed, squeezing her now drenched pussy lips against the inside of her slippery thighs.

"How bad, Faith?" He asked, tugging hard on her hair.

She swallowed. Hard. "Real bad, and really hard-please, I want it!"

David growled low in his throat and stood up. He undid his belt. He then proceeded to unbutton his jeans and slowly pushed them and his white briefs down his hips. Out sprang his aching cock. It glistened with pre-cum and twitched in anticipation. 

"Are you my dirty little girl, Faith?"

"Yes," she breathed, looking up at him from the floor. 

"I want you to suck my dick. Would you like that, Faith? Huh? Have this cock in your mouth?"

"Yesssss." she hissed.

"Put your hands behind you back and hold onto both of your wrists."

Faith quickly linked both of her hands by grasping her wrists behind her back.

David stepped closer so that his cock was centimeters away from her mouth. 

Slowly he rubbed the tip of the head onto her lips, smearing pre-cum over them. 

"Lick your lips."

She did, darting her tongue out slowly and tentatively, smearing the tart taste on her lips like an expensive lip-gloss she couldn't get enough of.

David continued to rub his cock along her face, teasing her with what she wanted most. 

"Open your mouth."

As wide as she could, Faith opened her mouth to receive her prize. Gently she sucked his cock into her hot willing cavern. She looked up at him with her dark brown eyes, watching with pleasure as he closed his eyes in pure bliss.

"Yes. That's it. Take it."

"Mmmmm" she sighed as his cock slid in and out of her mouth, the sound of saliva making noises when he rammed into her.

"You're not going cum until I tell you to." He said forcefully, grabbing her hair and twisting it around his fist. "Do you understand?"

This news only made her wetter.

"I am going to cum again and again, all over you, I'm going to fill your pussy and ass with my hot cum and you're going to take all of it."

"You're going to beg me to let you come, do you hear me?"

"Mnmmmm," she moaned loudly as she felt his cock start to twitch.

"I am going to fuck you every possible way while you beg me to let you cum!"

He was now rhythmically pounding her face, forcing her to gag on his raging cock as it continued to swell under her swirling tongue. 

"Because you're my dirty little girl, aren't you?"

"Mmmmmyess." She murmured around his throbbing prick.

"I can't wait to be in your hot tight cunt. Would you like that? Would you like to feel my dick in your hot tight cunt? Would you cum all over my dick?"

"MMyeesssssss!" she moaned loudly as he erupted into her mouth. Pulse after pulse of hot sticky cum pored into her and slid down her willing throat.

"UunnnmmmmmmAhhhhhhhh!" he moaned.

"Take it you dirty little girl, take it all!" He leaned down and pinched her nipples, twisting them hard between his thumbs.

And then without warning she came. Squirt after squirt of her juices poured from her clenched and spasming pussy.

"Oooooooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she cried. She shook with the raw wonder that she was so turned on by what she was doing that she burst from within without being touched.

David stared down intently at Faith as she continued to attempt to lick him clean of his cum while she shuddered in the aftermath of her orgasm.

"You came." he stated simply.

He grinned wickedly, "And now you have to be punished."

To be continued: If you have any requests please email me. I'd love to hear them, because this story is not just for me it's for you!