 She needed to get the hell out of this one horse town. She was going crazy within herself. All she wanted was to find herself, to have a bit of excitement in her life, to finally live! She spent so many years being the go-to girl for everyone. She was always the fixer, the one who made everyone else feel better about themselves while she silently cried herself to sleep every night. 

The past few years, she went through a lot of changes. She met some people who made her think outside the box, she started school and she went through some horrible turmoil in her home life. Her husband became very demeaning toward her. The verbal and emotional abuse alone would have sent even the saintliest women running. But then the sexual abuse began and she was torn between her commitment and her need for something better. She was almost to the point of finding a way to let it all slide when he began to physically abuse the children. That was it, that was the last straw! It was time to embark on that path she never thought her life would take and she filed for divorce. 

Time quickly proved to her that people you thought you could count on tend to turn on a dime and leave you feeling less than human. She began to wonder when she'd ever be enough for anyone. Striving for perfection in her studies became an obsession - she needed to prove that she was good at something. She began to find herself, somewhere buried deep within was the real person trying to claw her way out of the many masks she'd worn for so long. She began to reclaim her life, to take a stand every once in a while and to stop trying to be everything to everyone. At one point, she remembers her sister laughing and exclaiming "Look out world, Stella got her groove back!" 

That made her feel a small sense of accomplishment. Granted, her sister was simply quoting a movie title, but it was true. Two months ago, she graduated with honors and finally had her degree. She was going to follow her dream, scared as shit, but determined nonetheless. She wrote a few letters, made a few phone calls and rented a large U-Haul. 

It was early on a sunny Saturday morning, she made one last pass through the house, making sure that everything was clean and nothing was being left behind. Then, she and her kids piled into the big truck and backed out of the driveway. The boys were excited for the new adventure; she glanced back at the house as a lone tear made its way down her cheek. She was trying very hard to bite back thousands of others that threatened to spill out of her eyes. 

The night before had been awful. All of her friends and family had decided to hold a going away party for them and it was quite a somber occasion. She was definitely going to miss those closest to her - she would not, however, miss those so-called friends who had made her last year in this town absolute hell. She was going to miss her family though; she'd never been separated from them by more than 45 miles. Now she was going to be almost 900 miles from her family and closest friends. YIKES! What the hell was she thinking?? 

Apparently there just comes a time in a person's life when they feel they need to spread their wings and follow their dreams and this was her time to fly. She'd been accepted to the FBI in Quantico, Virginia 2 weeks ago and she knew for a fact that the next 18 weeks would be the most important of her life. She wasn't quite sure how she and the boys would make it out there on their own, but her heart just kept telling her to go for it. 

The trip to Virginia with 3 boys was brutally long. But they made it in just under 16 hours. She was exhausted and just wanted a long, hot shower and a nice bed to sleep in. The little house she was renting was a wonderful sight. They pulled into the driveway only to see a small lamp glowing in the back of the house. She smiled to herself, she knew he'd been there. 

"He" was one of her best friends. They had met online and the chemistry was instantaneous. He was the only person she knew in the area, but he was most definitely the reason she had the nerve to follow her dreams there. He helped her get this place. She couldn't have found the time to go out there and house hunt, so he did some checking and helped her get into it. He had one set of keys and had mailed her the others. 

The house was perfect! It was very contemporary and open. It had 4 bedrooms, 2 full baths and an amazing kitchen; not to mention a finished basement and a garage. She was completely enthralled with her new house. The boys were overly excited to pick out their own bedrooms and explore the rest of the house. She looked to the small lamp on the table in the living room and saw a piece of paper resting against the base. She walked over and picked it up. 

"Welcome home Baby, I hope you don't mind that I stopped by with a few things and left a light on for you. I wanted to be there to welcome you into my waiting arms, but I had a meeting to go to and ended up at dinner with some of the bank reps. I hope you understand, I'll call you tomorrow. Sleep well, I'm sure you're exhausted. Kisses, D" 

She smiled and held the note to her chest as she wondered what other surprises he'd left for her. Instinct sent her into the kitchen. She opened the fridge to find it stocked with milk, eggs, cheese, butter, lunchmeat, and beer. She grabbed a bottle of Newcastle and used the opener on her keychain to crack it open. A few long drinks and it was gone. She could hear the boys running from room to room upstairs, arguing over who should have the largest room. She just grinned and a quick scan of the kitchen counters revealed that he had brought over a coffee pot, filters, coffee and a large mug. There was also an ashtray next to the sink. 

"He knows me so well," she muttered to herself. 

The boys ran down the stairs and into the kitchen, it was late and she needed to get them to sleep. She went out to the U-Haul and grabbed the sleeping bags and pillows that had been packed last for easy access and a small bag containing jammies for them. They decided for their first night, they wanted to share the biggest room upstairs; she agreed and tucked them in. 

She knew there was a large room in the basement and had decided to have her own bedroom down there and had a new bed delivered there just last week. She grabbed her pillows, turned out the lights, locked the door and went down to her room. As she entered the downstairs bathroom, she saw a new toothbrush and toothpaste lying next to the sink. A towel, razor, shampoo, conditioner and soap were also laid out on the counter. 

She started to cry. He'd done a great job of leaving a "few things" for her. She was so tired, but that shower still sounded really good so she indulged. Stepping from the shower, she wrapped the towel around her and brushed her teeth. Flipping off the bathroom light, she made her way to her darkened bedroom. Her eyes became acclimated to the dark and she could see the outline of the foot of her new four poster bed. She hung her towel on the handle of the door and climbed into bed naked. She almost screamed her head off when she felt two warm, strong arms wrap around her from behind. 

"I thought you'd never get down here," he whispered into her ear. 

If she hadn't felt his hard cock against her ass, she'd have thought that she was only dreaming again. Instead, she turned around to face him and his lips sought hers in a hungry, passionate kiss. 

She was breathless as they pulled away, but upon catching her breath, she whispered to him, "I've waited for this moment for far too long and as tired as I thought I was...I can't wait for you to fuck me." 

"Oh yes Baby, I'm going to fuck you hard and deep, but first, I'm going to make love to you slowly and savor every moment of it," he replied. 

His fingers wrapped in the back of her long hair and he pulled her close once again, his tongue parting her lips, the fingers of his other hand roaming her naked body. First he pinched one nipple and made her gasp against his lips and then he pinched the other just a bit harder. His hand slid between their bodies and searched out her velvety wetness. She moaned deep and arched her back up toward him. Her mind was racing, was this a dream or was it really happening? 

She knew it wasn't just a dream when two of his fingers moved up inside of her and his thumb pressed against her clit. His lips had moved to her neck, in the little groove behind her ear and she was sent over the edge. Her pussy pulsated and grasped his fingers tightly as orgasm wracked her body. 

"Wow Baby, that didn't take you any time at all," he chuckled. 

"I held out longer than I thought I would ever being in your presence," she responded a bit breathlessly. 

"I suppose now you're ready to sleep?" He asked. 

"Hardly my love, you promised to make love to me and I expect you to follow through on that promise." 

He laughed then, his deep, rich tones echoing in the large room. His fingers slid out of her slowly and he placed them to his lips, licking her juices off them and then ran them across her lips. She licked his fingers and then sucked them deep into her mouth, swirling her tongue around and between them. Her hands moved to his back and she drug her fingernails up and down his back. He shuddered under her touch and she smiled in the darkness. She knew it would be like this, just the way she had imagined and dreamt about for so long. 

"Baby, I need to taste you now! I want my face buried deep in your sweet pussy." 

"What's stopping you then?" she asked with a rich huskiness in her voice. 

"MMMM," he growled as his tongue trailed down the length of her body. 

His teeth stopped briefly at her nipples, tugging on them slightly, making them tingle as she shuddered in response. But then he continued his trail downward and stopped at the juncture between her thighs. He buried his nose between her legs and inhaled deeply before plunging his tongue between her silky folds. His nose rubbed and bumped against her swollen clit as his tongue probed deeper inside of her. His hands slid behind her and grabbed her ass, raising her hips toward his face as his tongue reached deeper. Another orgasm rocked her body as she flooded his tongue with her nectar. She couldn't wait any longer to have him deep inside her and she begged him to oblige. 

He licked, kissed and nibbled his way back up her stomach and chest before kissing her deeply once again and the head of his cock pressed against her pussy. She arched her back wanting him to plunge deep inside of her but he was holding himself out of her reach. She knew he was teasing her and it was giving him great pleasure to drive her wild. 

He slid his cock up and down her pussy lips and jabbed at her clit, sending her into orbit. Then very slowly, inch by inch, he slid into her. His large cock took a while to penetrate her as she was so tight and had to adjust to his size. It was a bit painful for her, but most definitely a pain she drew pleasure from. When he was buried balls deep inside her, he softly kissed her lips and pulled completely out before pushing back into her a bit faster this time. Her hips rose up to meet his as he slowly thrust in and out of her. They fit together perfectly and she felt another orgasm welling up inside her. She bit his shoulder as she rode another wave of ecstasy. 

She pushed against his chest and rolled him over, his cock still buried in her pussy and she straddled his thighs, riding him hard. Her large tits were bouncing with the rhythm of their fucking. His hands reached up to caress them while his fingers rolled and pinched her nipples. She threw her head back and leaned back on her hands between his legs, exposing her clit to his thumb. Applying just the right amount of pressure, he rubbed her clit and rolled it between his fingers, bringing her just to the brink of another orgasm when she rose up off his cock and took him deep into her mouth. 

He groaned in obvious pleasure. She licked and sucked him while rubbing her own finger against her dripping pussy to lubricate it enough to press against his ass. Circling his hole slowly, she began to slide her finger inside him. He gasped in surprise, but relaxed quickly and her finger went up inside him. Her thumb pressed against his taint while she worked her finger slowly in and out of his ass, her tongue still swirling around his cock. She felt his balls begin to tighten under her chin and she knew he was going to cum soon. 

Her dilemma was whether to take his load in her mouth or whether to straddle him once more and feel him empty himself deep in her cunt. This time she opted to take him deeper into her throat and swallow every last drop. There would be plenty of time for all their fantasies to come to fruition. He thanked her quietly, kissed her softly with intense passion and wrapped his arms around her as they drifted off to sleep.