 He took another swig of his beer. Was it his first or his third for the night? He couldn’t decide. Sharon had been gone for two weeks now. Eric had decided to call her a few times, but he never could build up the courage. All he had the ambition to do was drink. The brown ale in his hand had been his lover and confidant since the evening she left him. Did she leave because she thought I was too nice? Did she leave because I said something wrong? Was it another man? Again, he could not decide. Number three was tanked and slammed against the table…or was it five? His memory was fading fast. Eric carefully made his way to the refrigerator for his next drink of the evening. To his dismay, there was none left. 

“Shit!” he exclaimed aloud. At least the beer wouldn’t nag at him for cursing, he thought. After washing his face to help regain some sort of sobriety, Eric grabbed his house keys and wandered over to the grocery store across the street. It was Friday night, and Eric would be damned if he was going to get rejected by beer.

Slam! The door crashed into the frame as Michelle stormed out of the apartment. 

“That son of a bitch…I don’t know why I bother with him!” Michelle was referring to her current boyfriend Mark. Mark was a nice guy for the most part. He was always there with flowers when she was down and always had a way to make her feel like she was the queen of the world. His only problem was keeping his gambling addiction under control. No matter how many times she had asked, pleaded or begged him to stop or seek help, he would inevitably have to pawn something off at the end of the month to help make rent. The only emotions Michelle carried at this moment were of hurt, frustration and animosity. What she needed was a few minutes to settle down and a dark bottle of wine. Michelle’s car started without hesitation and it slowly made its way to the grocery store down the block. 

It was just Eric’s luck. The store was fresh out of all of his favorite beers. Eric resolved to grab a bottle of wine and get drunk in the lap of luxury. Why not treat himself to the silken juices of a nice bottle of a mid-90’s Merlot? One second Eric was mindlessly examining a bottle, the next he was barely able to hold his footing. 

Michelle had felt bad that she knocked the guy off of his balance, but was actually pleasantly surprised he was rather cute. He stood about 5’6 and had a slightly toned, but not muscular build. His dark hair had been combed back but did not retain the wet look that gel normally gave. A clean-shaven appearance and solid expression let off an air of professionalism and intelligence about him. Definitely my type, she thought. 

“I am so sorry…I came around the corner so quickly, I didn’t even notice you were there.”

Eric brushed himself off and said, “No worries. I’m no worse for wear. My name’s Eric.” His let his hand out in greeting to her. 

Michelle took his hand and replied, “Michelle. A pleasure!”

“Nice to meet you, Michelle. What brings you to the wine isle at quarter to midnight?”

“I dunno. A rough evening I guess. I just needed a bottle of liquid relaxation.”

“I hear you. Same here.” She could smell a twinge of alcohol on his breath. Not enough to consider him a drunk just yet, but enough to make his response believable. Then the thought crossed her mind…what if?

“Don’t mind the mess, it’s been a long week and I haven’t had too much time to clean” Eric apologized as he shuffled his keys out of his front door. 

“What mess? The place looks nice.” A little dusty, she thought, but nice nonetheless. 

Eric brought the wine over to his counter and fumbled through his drawers looking for a corkscrew. He finally found one and started removing the wine’s cork. Once it was open, Eric withdrew two crystal wine glasses from the cabinet overhead. He wondered if it was in bad taste that Sharon’s mother had given these to them only a month ago. Sharon never wanted to use them – she hated wine. This would be their first time being brought out of the cabinet. After the glasses were filled, Michelle walked over to the breakfast bar between the living room and kitchen and removed one of the glasses from the counter.

“To terrible evenings!” she toasted. “Cheers.” 

Eric sipped his wine. “This was a great idea Michelle. I don’t know if I could have brought myself to buy a $90 bottle of wine for just little ol’ me.”

“Ditto.”

Michelle looked over to the bottle. There might have been enough left for one more glass, but she couldn’t tell. Hell, she couldn’t care, either. The past hour and a half had been spent with wine, giggles and a slew of flirty comments from both parties. 

“Let me refill your glass.” she slurred as she reached over him to retrieve his glass from his opposite and outstretched arm. Eric released his glass with a grin and thanked her. It wasn’t until after she leaned back that she realized not only did she give Eric a great view of her bra-clad B cupped breast, but that she had also brushed those same breasts against his crotch as she leaned in for the glass. At first Michelle blushed at the realization, but after a few seconds, the idea turned her on. She could feel a slight tickle underneath her panties. 

Eric had a similar tickle in his underwear as well. The feeling of her soft breasts dragging themselves across his member woke it up from a week-long slumber. After taking a sip from his newly filled glass, he slowly and coyly adjusted himself for comfort. He figured Michelle must have noticed – she giggled a bit after he shifted his weight. 

“Now, what are you giggling at, little lady?”

“Oh, nothing…well, something.” She giggled more. Normally, Michelle would want to punch girls who giggled this much. Must be the wine mixed with a dash of cute guy, she figured. 

Eric smiled at her last comment. He looked Michelle over as he thought of an equally suggestive response. She was equal in height to him. Long, straight, blonde hair fell from her head to the middle of her back. Hazel eyes drooped with alcohol as she blinked innocently to her previous comment. She had some weight on her…not enough for her to lose a feminine figure, but enough to make her not look like a stick, either. Perky breasts poked out at him from underneath her loose t-shirt. Tight jeans showed off her girlish hips.

“Just something, eh? Why don’t you tell me what that ‘something’ is? Hmmm?”

“I will, but I want something first.”

“What’s that?”

“A kiss.”

Eric was more than happy to oblige. Slowly, he shifted his weight forward and tilted his head. He laid a sweet, soft peck on her lips and just as slowly resumed his position back in the couch.

“It’s something below your waist.”

Eric gave a look of mock disgust. “Oh, come now, you can be more specific that that, can’t you?”

“Of course I can…but not for a kiss like that, I won’t.”

Eric smiled big this time. He moved in at a more normal pace and pressed his lips firmly against hers. He tested her lips a few times before finally sinking his tongue into her mouth. Their kiss was passionate. Michelle instinctively moved her hand to his cheek, encouraging him more. Eric finished the kiss with short, abrupt kisses and withdrew. 

“Was that a kiss worth enough to you to tell?”

“Hmmm…” she thought. “I think so.”

“Well, that what was that something of a nothing that you were giggling at a moment ago?”

“Why, that.” An evil smile crossed her face and she leaned forward towards him. She moved her face close to his as if about to kiss him. Her free hand moved straight to his fly and she began massaging his penis through his jeans. Eric leaned and placed his glass on the table. His eyes nearly rolled back into his head he was enjoying her touch so much. She let out a low chuckle as she saw his eyes close. She moved her hand slowly and knowingly up and down his enclosed shaft. 

“Enjoying yourself?” 

“Oh…most definitely.” He said with a sigh.

Michelle leaned in a little more and began to kiss him. She let her free hand rest on the couch arm behind him. Their kiss was more feverish this time due to Eric’s arousal. He moved his hand from its place on her thigh to her right breast. He cupped it softly, then moved his thumb to tease where he approximated her nipple to be. She giggled a soft moan into his mouth as their kiss continued. 

Eric broke the kiss a moment to whisper in Michelle’s ear, “There’s one more room in this apartment that I haven’t had the chance to show you yet.”

“Oh really now?”

His body collided on top hers as they fell onto his bed. In the process of making it from the living room to the bedroom, both of their shirts had been removed. His pants her unbuttoned and slightly unzipped but hers remained intact. In his drunken state, Eric was barely able to fumble his way through unhooking her bra. 

Their passionate kiss was paused as Eric moved hips lips from hers to her neck. He half bit half nibbled his way down her neck to her collar bone. Michelle moaned in approval. Eric’s kiss moved from her collar down to her breasts. He lapped up one of her nipples in his mouth and nibbled gently on it. Another moan was Michelle’s reply. As he kneaded her nipple with his teeth, he let his left hand slowly make its way down to the crotch of her pants. He let his middle finger purposefully slide up and down the warm, damp area on her jeans. Her hips ground back after a few seconds of attention.

After a few moments, Eric let his finger continue sliding up to her fly and unbuttoned and unzipped her pants. He stopped his attention on her breast – this was greeted by a sigh of disapproval, of course – and peeled her jeans off of her body. Once off, he resumed his position and peeled her dark panties as well. His cock twitched as her scent caught his nose. Eric grinned and dove into her hole with his tongue. He flicked his tongue in her slit a few times and began attention on her clitoris. Michelle half squealed and half sighed as his tongue first touched her button. Her hands moved to his hair and her fingers and toes reflexively gripped. His lips were wet with her moisture and his nose burned with the smell of her sex. Michelle’s hips ground into his face and his ground into the bed. For a several minutes he gave consistent attention to her clit, driving her to a writhing pleasure. Her grip tightened and her moans became more urgent. He knew she was close, so he added his fingers to her vagina as he continued his assault on her clit. Not seconds after he entered her, her back arched and a long, loud moan escaped her lips. Slickness came over his hand and muscles tensed around his fingers. Eric gave her a few moments to let her orgasm subside and he slid up her body and into her arms. She kissed him with as much passion and lust as she could muster. Almost violently, she rolled Eric onto his back. Michelle then all but tore his pants off of him and quickly slid her lips over his aching cock. Eric moaned through his closed mouth as Michelle’s warm tongue flicked the head of his member. She alternated every few seconds to sliding her head down to his belly, enveloping his cock fully. After several minutes, Eric’s toes were curling and he knew it wouldn’t be long before he couldn’t contain his seed any longer. 

While Michelle swallowed his member, Eric reached to pull a condom from his end-table drawer. He gently guided her head from his penis to lead her into a kiss. Once their lips met, he slipped the condom on and guided her hips to his. Michelle settled into place; her pussy lips now kissed the top of his dick. After a few seconds of rocking and teasing she slammed herself down on him. Both moaned in pleasure as her body slapped down into his, their organs completely intertwined. They soaked in their ecstasy only momentarily before Michelle began half riding, half rocking on his throbbing cock. Their breathing became faster and more purposeful. His hands slid up and down the sides of her body, stopped momentarily to massage her bouncing tits. A steady pace quickly turned into a fast, urgent one. Michelle’s moans and her vagina’s movement around his cock was quickly drawing Eric towards the edge of orgasm. Eric sat up and rolled Michelle to her back. Eric began rocking his hips back and forth slamming his body against hers as their sex turned almost animal-like. Michelle’s moans were loud and sweat poured from both of their bodies. Eric grunted a few times and allowed a final push into Michelle. Both cried out in pleasure as they both came. Eric lowered himself to Michelle and kissed her sweetly for a few moments while his penis naturally shrank and removed itself from her. Once it was out, he disposed their protection in the bathroom and returned to wrap Michelle up in his arms. 

Michelle woke first. It took her a moment to realize where she was and who the man was sleeping next to her. She noticed him wake as she began dressing. Her outward appearance was one of calmness and collection. Inwardly, she had mixed feeling of guilt and excitement. Eric seemed to be a great guy. Their conversation the previous evening had been intelligent and lively. This was more than what could be said about conversations she had with Mark anymore. 

Eric looked up at her beautiful body as she slipped her wrinkled shirt over her head. Michelle seemed like a wonderful woman. She had a much lighter sense of humor and outlook on life. Who knows what will happen, he thought. His mind wandered to Sharon. He wondered if this girl was the perfect replacement in his life for his ex. The next few weeks would be interesting, no doubt. Hopefully, this time, there will be a happy ending; better yet, perhaps no ending at all.