 Clark checked his watch again, and wondered if the battery was dead. No, the second hand moved, but is seemed to be very slow. Sitting in the lobby of her building, he tried to remember the last time he was this nervous about a first date. Granted, this was not a typical first date, any more than Jasmine was a typical girl. That she had even said yes to this was something of a small miracle. 

They had met when Jasmine came to the University for her residency, and Clark was on faculty. When Jasmine expressed an interest in teaching, Clark found opportunities for her to lecture. They spoke frequently, and started having lunch together often. As time passed, Clark found himself attracted to her. Looking back, he was surprised it had taken as long as it had. She was incredibly smart, and made the most of every opportunity to learn. She loved music and books, and the two of them had exchanged more than a couple of things to listen to and read. And she was the most optimistic and genuinely happy person Clark had ever met. But they were very different – he was 39 and as Caucasian as his rural Indiana roots would suggest, and she was a 24 year-old East Indian Jersey girl. As the attraction grew stronger, Clark told her how he felt, and a brief but intense relationship developed. But he was in another relationship, and before he had decided to end it, Jasmine had moved on. Ultimately, she and her new boyfriend moved away, and she was no longer a part of his daily life. Gradually, the sadness gave way to acceptance, and lunch alone in his office became the norm. He wondered how she was from time to time, and learned through a late night Google stalking session that she had been promoted and was now board certified. And that was that.

Until July.

He was talking with a colleague in a convention center in New Orleans when he sensed her. It was almost imperceptible, like a gentle summer breeze, but it was as real to him as the conversation. As he turned, he saw Jasmine and her best friend Sasha walking in his direction. A half-hearted acknowledgement morphed into a testy text exchange, which became an apology dinner/reunion. Afterwards, they went for a walk, Jasmine had point blanked asked Clark if there had really been anything between them, or if she was just another conquest. A long conversation followed in which Clark tried to tell her that it was all "real", and that while they had both moved on, the feelings remained. This didn't seem to sit well with Jasmine, but at the end of the evening they said goodnight with a hug that felt more like a farewell embrace, and went their separate ways. And so, he thought, that was that.

Until the end of March.

He was in line for his Monday morning cup of coffee when he spotted her ahead of him. He thought it was her twin, until he heard her voice. Stunned, he approached her as they waited for their drinks. And that was where she informed him that she had moved back to take over the outpatient care center. Another round of contentious tests ensued – with a few extra "assholes" thrown in for good measure. When calmer heads prevailed, they agreed to have lunch.

"Jesus Jaz, you could have told me!", Clark exclaimed as soon as the waiter was out of earshot.

"And miss the look you gave me on Monday? No way; that was priceless. I wish I had my phone out. " 

"Fine, But you should have said something. I could have written a letter of recommendation, or helped get things set up at the University."

"Not necessary. I'm all grown up now. Besides, I didn't want your help. I am really angry with you."

"What did I do this time? Was it something I said in New Orleans?"

"It was what you didn't say, asshole! Why did I have to hear from Sasha that you were single?"

"Guess what? I'm an adult too, and tell me, how would that conversation have gone? 'Hi Jasmine, it's me, Clark. Um, I don't have a girlfriend anymore. Wanna hang out sometime?' I'm sure that would have played well with 'Turquoise'."

"You wish. And for the millionth time, he goes by 'Blue', and I hate when you do that!"

"Whatever. And speaking of 'Azure', how did you talk him into coming back? To hear you talk, he couldn't wait to get to leave the city."

Jasmine stopped and stared at her salad for a moment. "I didn't. We haven't been together for a while now. And before your even start, don't. I am fine, and this isn't the slightest bit what today is about."

Clark could tell by the look on her face that it was time to move on to something else, so he did. And the rest of their lunch was spent on safer topics – the politics of the University, the state of the residency program, and the unseasonably cold Spring they were having. 

He waited two days before he asked her to have lunch again, but she politely declined. He persisted, and managed to convince her to have coffee two weeks later. 

This time, the conversation was civil, almost friendly. They talked about families and books, and Jasmine laughed a little at his jokes. It went well enough that Clark asked her to have dinner the following week. She hugged him and replied, "No. Some other time, perhaps." 

They began texting more, and their phone conversations became longer and more personal. To Clark, it was beginning to feel like they were reconnecting in a meaningful way. He waited two weeks before broaching the subject of dinner, and was pleasantly surprised when she said yes. He promptly made reservations at Aunt Ruby's German Green, and called in a favor from his florist.

She met him in the lobby at 7:10pm, ten minutes late as usual. He had expected this, but he still arrived well before he was supposed to, and his heart skipped a beat every time he heard the elevator bell chime. As she walked into view, Clark was greeted by a beautiful woman in a vibrant yellow and white dress. And Jasmine was greeted with the single largest rose she had ever seen. She held it, admiring its deep red color, and taking in its aroma. In an instant, her face brightened, and she smiled knowingly at Clark. Without hesitation, she raised it over her head, and stared intently at him, with a glint in her eyes. Clark smiled back and said, "Well played. I think Mr. Dali would have been impressed."

Jasmine smiled back. "Ironic, since impressionism and surrealism are opposites. But thank you for the rose. It is beautiful, and a thoughtful gesture. Let me take this back upstairs and put it in some water. I will be right back." With that, she turned on her heels and walked away. Clark watched, as her hips swayed rhythmically, and wondered just what impression he had actually made.

They walked out together, and Jasmine genuinely seemed to be caught off guard when he opened the car door for her. "Force of habit. Find what you like on the radio. I'm sure you will come up with something I haven't heard of." The ride to the restaurant was short, and they were seated quickly. 

After the waiter had taken their drink orders, Clark looked across the table and studied Jasmine's face carefully. When her eyes met his, she smiled back and said, "What are you thinking right now?"

"I am thinking that this is nice."

"Typical."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean that it's a typical Clark non-answer." She replied. "It's safe, and completely inoffensive. At what point are you going to take a risk? Ever? I am here with you. Today. Right now. This. Very. Moment. And I want to know what is on your mind."

Clark felt his face redden, and for a moment, sat motionless. Then, in what felt like slow motion, he took his napkin from his lap, placed it carefully on his plate, got out of his chair, and walked over to Jasmine's side of the table. Without saying a word, he put his hand on her cheek, leaned in, and gave Jasmine the most desire-filled kiss he could deliver. Her lips were as magical as he had remembered, and in an instant he was aware of both her response and his arousal. After several seconds, he stopped and stood up, nearly knocking over the waiter who had come to deliver their drinks. "Sorry buddy, but that was necessary." He said, as he returned to his seat. Now it was Jasmine's turn to blush, but she did so with a smile.

"What I was thinking is that I had missed those lips, and when I looked at you, they seemed drier than I had remembered. And I would hate for you to have to try and eat with chapped lips. Turns out, they weren't. My mistake." Then Clark slid his leg under the table until it touched Jasmine's. Neither moved for the remainder of the meal.

They held hands in the car on the way back, enjoying the sparks that came from touching. As he pulled in front of her building, Jasmine leaned over and whispered, "There is a lot around the corner you can park in if you like. I will tell the doorman to let you up. " With that, she quickly kissed him and walked inside. Clark found a spot in record time, and speed walked back. As he was about to get into the elevator, his phone buzzed. The message read, "I left the door open." As if a locked door would have mattered.

Jasmine was waiting for him on the couch, with a bottle of wine and two glasses on the coffee table. "I though you might like something to drink." she said in her best sultry voice.

"I would. Very much. But not that." He replied, and took Jasmine in his arms and gently, but deliberately, laid her back. They kissed for what seemed an eternity. As their lips and tongues reconnected, Clark took in all of her. Her skin was softer than he had remembered, and her hair smelled like flowers. This mixed with her natural scent to create an intoxicating aroma that drove him from her lips to the nape of her neck. Jasmine sighed and wrapped her arms and one leg around him, bringing their bodies together tightly. She was as wet as he was hard, and her vagina ached for attention. She moved her mouth to his ear, and sent shivers down his spine as her tongue worked its magic. This was all the encouragement he needed, and as he stood, Jasmine took him by the hand and led him to her room.

Clark's hands were trembling with excitement as he unzipped her dress. As it fell to the floor, he saw only a white satin thong and as Jasmine turned to face him, he was greeted by her rock hard nipples. She gasped as he touched her breasts, and moaned when he took them in his mouth. He knew this part of her body well, and took his time to lick and suck them to her delight. Jasmine needed more of him, and soon took his hand and moved it between her legs. Clark could feel the heat and wetness through her sexy panties and slid them to one side so he could feel her. She was incredibly smooth and very wet. His fingers danced over her clit as Jasmine's moans became deeper. He slid per panties off, and eagerly kissed down her body until he reached his goal. Parting her lips slightly with his fingers, Clark admired her beautiful pink pussy and how in contrasted her gorgeous brown skin. "Now I will drink" he breathed.

He licked her slowly, taking in every sensation as Jasmine writhed on the bed. As he moved his attention back to her clit, he inserted one finger, and massaged her g spot. Jasmine's chest heaved as she grabbed the back of his head and urged him on. He moved his tongue to the rhythm of her ragged breaths, and soon sent her over the edge. With a high pitched scream, Jasmine lost her body to carnal lust. The strength of her orgasm forced her head back and for a moment, she could see nothing but stars.

As the contractions stopped, Clark slowly removed his finger, and tenderly kissed her outer lips. Exhaling slowly, she moved away, and rolled Clark on his back. "That was amazing, but I need you inside me now." she said, as she quickly undressed him and caressed the length of his penis. She rubbed him in and around her vagina, making the head of his cock glisten with her juices. With her eyes locked on his, she slowly inserted the length of Clark's shaft into her, exhaling when she had all of him. Jasmine leaned forward and moved her hips slowly, letting her hair fall onto his face, as he roughly squeezed her breasts. Clark soon matched her rhythm with his thrusting, and moved his hands to her ass. The pace gradually quickened, and soon Clark could tell that she was close. He moved her forward so he could bite her nipples while grabbing her hips and driving his cock into her. Jasmine grabbed his shoulders and dug her nails into them as the sensual surge returned with an intensity she had not felt before. Waves of pleasure roared over her, and for a few moments, she felt as if she was someplace else. Gradually, she returned to her body, and was aware of Clark's presence underneath – and inside – her. 

She kissed him on the lips, and softly whispered, "One more favor." Jasmine gingerly dismounted Clark, and moved to his penis. It gleamed in the soft light of her room, pulsing to his racing heartbeat. She kissed the head, tasting them both, before filling her mouth with him. With her right hand wrapped around the base, Jasmine once again locked her eyes on Clark's, and let her lips and tongue coax her prize from his body. Clark tried to speak, wanting her to slow down so he could enjoy the sensations longer, but he was too far gone. Seconds later, Jasmine received her present, as semen erupted in her mouth. She swallowed every ounce he gave her, and did not release him until his erection had completely vanished.

Clark pulled Jasmine close to him, and tenderly kissed her. They laid with their bodies entwined for several minutes, before Clark sat up on the edge of the bed, and picked up his phone. Incensed, Jasmine threw a pillow at him, and said in a matter-of-fact tone, "What? Got a hot date?". Clark rolled back to her and kissed her on the cheek, before placing the pillow next to hers. "I was turning off my alarm. Didn't think you wanted to hear it go off at 6am. Now, just as soon as you point me in the direction of your bathroom, I am going to use your facilities, get a some water for us , and come back to enjoy the feeling of your hot and naked body next to mine."

As he drifted off to sleep with Jasmine in his arms, Clark wondered what this would all look and feel like tomorrow. Was this the beginning, or a nicer end to what they had started once before? Did she want a relationship, or just a good time? And why did her hair smell so good? Before answering any of these, he stopped, and listened to Jasmine. She was sound asleep, and from the look on her face, content. And that, said Clark as he reached over and turned off the light, was enough.