 As Romeo sorts through his email, reading the jokes that his friends forwarded, and addresses the specific emails that are requiring a response, it pops up. An email from RoseBud70, so he clicks on it to open it up, only it takes a while to load, even with his high-speed Internet connection.

It finally opens with a short paragraph starting it out, reading the following:

Romeo, You have no idea how hot and bothered your chats with me make me feel. There is no way to explain in words, or at least I can't, so I opted to send you some nudes that I just took while still thinking about our last five chats. I made sure that you could see just how wet I am for you, and I hope that you are attracted to women of my body type, most men aren't or aren't willing to admit that they are around the other guys. Please enjoy these pictures, and use them, as a means to make sure that you will be able to get to sleep and rest for our conversation tomorrow. 

Hot for you, 

RoseBud70

Just below the typed message is a string of pictures, six in total. The first one showing a buxom, beautiful face with vibrant curly red hair flowing around it. Her smile was wide, with dimples, and skin like white china porcelain. Her eyes a bright green, with well-manicured eyebrows highlighting them. You could tell from the picture that she was not a thin woman, but she also wasn't all that large either. You could see that she was large breasted, naturally, due to the cleavage showing out of the top of her scarlet red shirt.

The next picture is a full body pose, fully clothed, but posed in a provocative manner. Her beautiful smile showing proudly as she slaps her ass. A big beautifully full ass, one that you can see is round and firm, by how it shows through her tight black satin skirt. The view of her breasts is skewed, by her being turned around slapping her ass, but you can still tell that they are huge, protruding out in her scarlet red shirt. Her legs are short, but just as beautiful as her face, pale as milk and as smooth as china porcelain. Her stiletto shoes make the picture, showing off the curves of her body. You can see that she could have been the inspiration for Sir Mix-a-lot's "Baby Got Back!" The line "32-24-36, only if she is 5'3"!" rings in Romeo's head. 

The third Picture is more provocative than the second, with her squeezing her breasts together while pulling her scarlet red shirt down slightly, just enough to show that her breasts are all natural. Without a reference, Romeo guesses that they are probably a D cup, maybe a DD.

The fourth picture is slightly more provocative than the third. It shows her pubic region, with her black satin skirt pulled up, showing her red silk lace panties clinging to the folds of her labia, with a dark moist area over her lower labia down the rest of her lower crotch. You can tell that they are thong bikinis as well by how they barely cover her thick meaty labia.

The fifth picture is a total nude, her in her glory with what she was given by the almighty. She is posed so that she is facing diagonally away from the camera, hands at her sides. Her red hair flows readily down over her shoulders, almost touching her heaving breasts, with their quarter size aureoles, and pencil eraser sized nipples that are fully erect. Her breasts sag just a little, being firm and full, they lay on her chest pointing the way forward. Her waist is that of an hourglass, thin in the center despite her little tummy that seductively sticks out just enough. Her hips are wide with her ass protruding out confidently almost begging to be shown the attention that it deserves. Her thick china porcelain thighs are almost like the roads of Rome, showing you the way to the heart of the empire. Flowing down her lower legs with beautifully carved calves that end at her pretty little feet.

The final picture is a shot from behind, bare assed, showing the overly moist lips of her pussy. Her clitoris fully engorged and erect, with no signs of any pubic hair to be seen. It is so beautiful that Romeo can't believe that it is a real picture of a real woman's ass and pussy, but it is.

Romeo, shocked by it all, stares awkwardly at the six photos, basking their glow. He wasn't expecting her to be so beautiful, let alone for her to send anything more than just a headshot or even an obligatory "Boob Shot." 

Romeo sits there staring at her photos, trying to figure out what he is going to do.

Before too long, he realizes that he needs to return the favor and send her an equal number of photos, exposing himself completely in at least one.

Romeo proceeds by typing RoseBud70 a message in the beginning of an email saying the following:

RoseBud70, First off, thank you for the pictures that you sent, they were more than I expected. Second, your beautiful, no matter what anyone tells you. You are beautiful because you have a beautiful face, a beautiful spirit, but most of all your body is more than just beautiful. I wasn't expecting for you to send me such provocative pictures, it almost caught me off guard, but one deserves another. With that being said, below are a few pictures of me for you to enjoy. I hope that you are not disappointed by what you see, and that you can be open minded with what I have to offer.

Romeo

Immediately Romeo pulls out his digital camera and sets it up to take pictures on a time delay for every thirty seconds. He snaps several shots from a headshot to a full nude. He downloads them to his computer and begins to sort through them which ones he wants to send RoseBud70. He picks six of them and uploads them onto the email in the message. Descriptions of them are as follows:

Picture one is a headshot, showing Romeo's face. With his super short military style hair cut, showing his medium brown hair. His reddish brown beard neatly trimmed and thin, outlining his jaw line and cheekbones. A light scar on his forehead that is barely visible to the scar just left of his left eye that is more prominent, His evidently broken at one time nose, slightly crooked and barely noticeable. Even his semi muscular chest shows through his blue polo shirt. Despite what Romeo thinks, he is actually an attractive guy.

The second photo is a body length picture showing him posing standing up with his hands slightly raised as if to say, "I don't know, but what do you think." You can see better that he is not exactly thin himself, but that he isn't far from it at present. His chest is more prominent, showing that at one time he was a fit freak who just lost his way. His abdomen shows that it is slightly overgrown from an evident lack of adequate exercise, but not that bad. He is wearing a pair of carpenter's shorts that come down to just above his knees, and you can see that his calves are very muscular and toned.

Picture number three is of Romeo's bicep, flexed and showing that despite his lack of exercise, he is still a strong man. With a deep dark tan that is evidently natural.

The fourth picture shows him turned around, and only covers the area from his lower back to about mid-thigh. His ass shows through his shorts as a well-rounded muscular ass, almost like that of a bodybuilder.

Picture number five is a total nude of Romeo, standing so that the picture is of his side showing a profile of his body. You can see that he is for the most part a very fit person, save for the slight gut that he has. His thighs being thick and muscular, with each muscle defined. On his right upper arm is a tattoo that you can barely make out to be a sword with a banner flowing around it with some writing. His cock is hard and at attention, sticking out in stark contrast to the rest of the picture. It doesn't appear to be spectacular in any way, more average in size and girth (Six to seven inches long and about as big around as your average polish sausage that you would but at any regular grocery store chain.).

The final picture is a close up shot of his cock, showing the veiny shaft and the mushroom shaped helmet head. His pubic hair is trimmed short and shaved away from his ball sack. Making it look bigger in contrast to everything else around it.

Romeo finishes uploading the pictures and sends off the email to RoseBud70, hoping that when she receives it, that she will like what she sees as much as he did.

Finishing up he signs off the Internet and logs out of his computer, fantasizing about what will come next in their fantasy.