 A few hours later Romeo returns from his appointment and hurriedly gets back online, with RoseBud70 watching for him and waiting. Romeo asks, "Were you waiting here online the whole time?"

"Mmmmmm, it is time for more! Yes I was, just waiting for you to sign on." RoseBud70 replies, "Are you ready?"

Romeo responds, "Maybe not as ready as you, but yeah I am ready. Now where did I leave off at?"

RoseBud70 quickly replies, "We just finished a slow fuck with me on top, after changing positions for nearly a half hour, oh and we both came at the same time."

"Great memory! I guess you are really enjoying this more than I thought you would!" Romeo replies.

RoseBud70 quips back, "I actually printed it out, have been rereading it and our other sessions over and over while waiting for your return. Just a little obsessed, you think?"

"Not obsessed, but definitely enamored. Either way, I am extremely flattered, and even more interested in possibly meeting up to play out this fantasy with you." Romeo returns, then continues, "Of course we are obligated to cuddle, since we just expended all that energy climaxing in unison. While doing so, I feed you more of the strawberries with whipped cream, some with the chocolate sauce, and we both sip on some of the champagne. We need to so that we can recoup some of the energy that we just used, and to make sure we have some energy for our next adventure. While you are eating some of the strawberries, I begin to start kissing your body, randomly all over, no pattern just anywhere and everywhere. I kiss your neck, your ears, your chest, your belly, your collarbones, your sides, your arms, your waist, your thighs, your knees, your inner thighs, your pubic mound, your lower legs, your ankles, the tops of your feet down to your toes, your fingers, your hands, your breasts, your nipples, your belly again, your side, your collarbones again, and finally back to your neck again. Here I spend some real time kissing, licking, sucking and tickling with my tongue. Before too long your breathing has quickened, you are moaning ever so softly, and rubbing your sticky wet lips trying to scratch that un-itch-able itch that burns between your legs."

RoseBud70 types up a few winking smiley faces, then one with its tongue sticking out with a question mark following it, ";-) ;-) ;-P?" 

Romeo continues, "I sit up and pull you onto my lap, almost sliding in on the first motion of you sliding into my lap, then sliding right in with just a little movement. While staring into your eyes, I tell you to take the lead, and to tell me what exactly you want me to do, or what you want to do." Then Romeo types in, "Now it is your turn to tell me what you want to do to me, are you ready?"

RoseBud70 pauses a second, then starts typing, "I stare back into your eyes and tell you to lay back, enjoy yourself, cause things are going to get crazy. As you lay back, I begin to slowly ride you, lifting myself up off of you till you almost slip out of me, then sit right back down while making sure to rub my clit into you a few times before continuing back up. I do this for a few minutes, then I side straddle you with one knee on the blanket and the other in the air, resting my weight on my foot for that leg, and I ride you side saddle, stopping occasionally to just rub my clit and labia hard into your pubic region in quick small circles. Before too long I am starting to cum, real hard, harder than before. You are still laid back and relaxed, enjoying yourself as I explore new ways to ride you. Next I turn around and face away from you, on my knees hugging your legs as I push back onto your stiff cock, feeling you stretch me from the inside. Soon I have a mini orgasm and decide to look for something different. "

"Now that is what I like, a woman who wants to ride her man, and take advantage of the penetration that goes with it. Where have you been all my life?" Romeo quickly notes.

"Sitting here waiting for you, but let me continue." RoseBud70 continues, "I turn around and pull you close and roll over. Then I tell you that I want you to fuck me as hard as you can till you explode. You begin slowly, long and deep, occasionally slamming yourself deep and hard. You pick up your pace slowly, occasionally repositioning yourself so that when you do go for that homerun shot, that you hit me in that magically sensitive and provokingly wonderful feeling g-spot that no one else seems to be able to find."

"Ahhh, so you know about it? Have you ever had anyone actually hit it for you?" Romeo quips.

"Not personally, but something tells me that you know how to, and would do so as much as possible." RoseBud70 replies, and then continues, "Thrusting as hard as you can, as often as you can, bringing me closer to another sweet eruption. Before long, you are pumping away, just fucking me like I am the last woman you will ever fuck like this, or will ever fuck again. I start asking you if you like my tight pussy, if you want to own my tight pussy, if you want me cum again. Then I start moaning real load while asking you if you like fucking your tight pussy, cause by now I feel like it belongs to you. My moaning turns to gasps, and then light screams of ecstasy, as I get closer to coming again, even harder than I have already. Soon you start bucking like a giant Brahma bull, slamming your cock deeper and harder into me. I can see it on your face, every guy has that look, every guy's is different, but I know this is yours. Your eyes roll back, your mouth opens wide, your body tenses, and I feel your cum fill me. It sends me over the edge, I start to cum as well, much harder than ever before. My body tenses up, I scream in delight, my legs wrap tightly around your waist, and I pull you close in my arms while scratching your back. I nearly draw blood, but I can see in your eyes that it doesn't bother you it only makes your orgasm that much harder and longer. You never stop, even after you came, you just keep going."

"Oh my god, yes! That is every thing it should be, keep going!" Romeo remarks.

"Oh you are not done, I am still coming, and you know that I will continue as long as you keep on going." RoseBud70 announces, then she continues, "No only do you keep on going, but you keep on thrusting as if you had not even came. Long, hard, deep thrusts that I can feel in my throat. I love it! You see how I love it and keep going even after my orgasm ends. I pull you in while you keep slamming my mutilated pussy. I kiss you, sucking on your lips and then your neck. It doesn't take long for me to cum again and again. The whole time with me holding on to you as if my life depended upon whether I had you deep inside me."

Romeo quickly notes his approval, "Mmmmmm, yeah. You like it when a man shows up for overtime looking for some extra credit! You really want me to tear up your sweet flower!"

RoseBud70 continues without losing her stride, "Now you are like an animal, bucking hard, punishing my pussy for loving your cock. Fucking me harder and harder, slowing down only to appease my need to kiss you hard for the onslaught that you are giving my pussy. Making me cum over and over, till my body is to weak to hold onto you, and even still you continue with my screams of pleasure turning into whispers of ecstasy. Before too long you finally cum again yourself. Then and only then you fall in a heap on top of me gasping for air, limp and unable to move. Weakly trying to hold me close as you ask me if it was good for me, like you didn't feel me cum all those times."

"Damn, high expectations for someone you haven't met face to face yet!" Romeo blushingly notes.

"Oh you are not done yet, trust me, I know you have it in you and I want to experience every bit of it!" RoseBud70 replies back, and then continues, "As you hold me, we kiss. I pull away and start kissing you on your neck, then your shoulders, then your chest, then your abdomen, then your waist line, then down you one leg along the outside to the knee, then up your inner thigh, and then back to my meaty destination. I kiss the tip, licking what cream I can find, cupping your balls, stroking them as I lick the head. Then I start to suck on the head, stroking your limp shaft and massaging your balls. You try to sit up and tell me to allow you to return the favor, but I push you back down and continue to suck hard on the head of your cock. It doesn't take long to get you back to being hard, harder than you have been so far, longer and thicker too."

"Oh my god! You are sadistic, yet I am so turned on! I am so turned on that I am about to blow just sitting here reading this!" Romeo remarks.

"Don't worry, I have faith that you will perform just as well in the flesh, but I am not done. I think there is more to do." RoseBud70 replies back, and continues, "You are so long, thick, and hard that I have no idea what to do with it, but you plead with me to let you to return the favor. I give in and position myself so that my dripping pussy is right over your waiting mouth. You reach up and grab my waist and pull me down to your mouth. I expect to feel your hot mouth and stiff tongue on my dripping pussy, only to feel it on my tight asshole. You are really going to town eating it like a last meal that never ends, and it feels soooo good!"

"You bet your sweet ass it will!" Romeo interjects.

"Before too long I totally forget about what I was doing with your rock hard super thick cock, and start aiding you in feeding you your feast. Before I even know it, you move quickly, lifting me up and getting behind me. I almost didn't know what you were doing till I felt the head of your cock tickling the tight opening of my ass. You lean forward and ask me if it would be okay, and I look back and tell you that I have been waiting for you to do so since you first started. With that you ease the head into my tight asshole, taking your time and being easy. It hurts at first, but soon the pain changes to something different. By the time you work it all in, I am about to explode." RoseBud70 types.

Romeo asks, "So you like that? Or is it something that you have wanted to try?"

"I can't say one way or the other, but I have the feeling that you would make it feel great." RoseBud70 responds, and then continues, "After you have gotten it all worked in, you ask me if I am okay. I answer back that it hurt at first, but now it is like having an electric shock pulsating with pleasure. Then you start to work your cock in and out slowly, sending a shocking feeling throughout my whole body. With each thrust you gain speed and force, each one feeling better than the one before. As you fuck my tight ass, I start to rub my over erect clit, sending shockwaves throughout my whole body. Soon I am meeting each and every thrust you throw at me with my own, making the speed faster and the thrust twice as hard. Soon you are screaming and your body is tensing, as do I. Then feeling your' hot cum shoot inside of me just throws me over the edge. I scream out loud, screams of pure ecstasy, so loud that I am sure that someone hears me. You continue even after you came making sure that my orgasm finishes long and hard. I fall forward with you following quickly behind me. Holding me tight, kissing me as your roll me over to face you. Soon we both pass out naked holding each other tight."

"Sounds like you have put some serious thought into all of this!" Romeo types, almost in total awe.

RoseBud70 replies, "That is what I imagine a perfect night should end like. Both lovers getting what they want and a lot of it, as well as falling asleep in each others arms in the nude, ready to pick up where they left off at if the whim comes by them." 

"It is good that you feel that way, cause I do not think that it is over yet, I mean the story that is. I also think that this is the beginning of something more wonderful than what either of us had originally intended." Romeo responds.

"I don't think it is either. As a matter of fact, I know it isn't." RoseBud70 states. "It is late and I need to go, but I have an idea of what needs to happen next, so I will be watching and waiting for you when you sign on tomorrow, that way I can try to finish this fantasy up. Now I really need to find out if what I think will be good, will actually be great."

"I will be watching for you in the morning then. In the mean time, we should at least know what we are imagining each other to truly look like, and whether it is even close to the actual thing. So send me a few photos of yourself, and I will send you a few of me." Romeo suggests.

RoseBud70 responds, "Regular or nudes?"

"Which ever you would prefer to send. It doesn't matter to me, but I would be lying if I said I wasn't hoping for nudes." Replies Romeo.

RoseBud70 replies back, "Then I will send them out to you in a little bit. Just give me the chance to get them together."

"I will await them, and have mine to you before you wake up." Romeo finishes.