 Jasmine's iPad chimed with Sasha's ring tone precisely at 8pm. Typical Sasha, she thought, as she sat up on her couch and pressed "accept". Though they were alike in many ways, adherence to a clock wasn't one of them. If Sasha said "call me at 8", she would angrily call at 8:05 and demand to know what was keeping you. If Jasmine said the same thing, she would woke up the next morning having a vague recollection that someone was supposed to have called. A few moments later, her best friend's face appeared on the screen. 

"Hi honey. How's it going?"

Jasmine smiled and sighed "I'm great. Really really great. How are you?"

Sasha frowned, "Uh oh. I know that voice. And face. Did you just fuck Clark again?"

"So, when you say 'fuck', do you mean the physical act, or can that include thinking about it?"

"You are funny. And impossible. When are you going to see him again?"

"Tomorrow. We are having lunch. I am going to his office for the first time since I've been back, and I am more than a little nervous. What do you think I should wear?"

"For starters, panties. And not the hot pink 'I want to have sex with you now' type either."

"Oh please! I can manage to keep my undies on when I am visiting his office."

"Yeah, but there's not been a lot of history of you and him staying fully clothed in their either."

"You know, sometimes I wish I didn't tell you everything."

"Perhaps. So what are you gonna do?"

"I really think I want to see if it is our time."

"OK. He's still a lot older, and white, and what about all the drama of the past?"

"That's the past, and besides, I've had more than my share of drama in relationships."

"True, but take it slow, which frankly I don't know how you will manage given your history with him. And the last thing I want is another 'Sunil' incident."

Jasmine had thought about that, as she did any time she considered taking a relationship to the next level. Sunil B. Kumar was Jasmine's first love, and it had started out rather typically. She began spending more time at the ice cream shop where he worked until he took notice, and they began dating soon after. The intensity escalated dramatically when they became intimate, and Jasmine discovered how important passionate love was to her. Soon she found that she could not get enough of him, from making out in his car at virtually every mile marker on Route 17 to spending entire weekends in bed, only leaving to eat. While the highs were sky-high, the lows were abyss-like, and Jasmine found herself losing control. Fights became wars, and she would drink alone and cry for days on end. At the end, she considered committing herself, but with Sasha's help, she was able to recover. Thereafter she vowed never to hurt that way again, even at the cost of ever loving that much. That promise had been kept, resulting in more than a few relationships ending before they went far. 

Then Clark happened.

And in spite of the age difference, and his skin not being brown, and the pleas of Sasha and common sense, she fell in love with him. And she didn't go completely crazy. She did cry, and want to throw things, but nothing that was, in her mind, certifiable. And that was nice. 

"I hear you, and all I can say is that I would do my best to walk away before it ever got to that."

"See that you do, and know that I will be extremely skeptical along the way. I still don't know what you seen in him that is so special."

"I know this will sound cliché, but I feel a connection with him. I know him inside and out, even the things he thinks are secrets to the world. And when we are together now, he seems to notice every little thing about me. And I have never been with a man who cares as much about how I feel as he does."

"You're right about one thing – that is uber cliché. I hope you are half as right about him."

"Me too. I do know that I will end up wondering about the 'what might have been' if I don't give it a try."

"Whatever. I can tell that I am not going to change your mind, so let me know how lunch goes. New subject, how's you Mom?"

With that, the conversation switched gears, and went until well after midnight. As she drifted off to sleep, she was reminded of how grateful shew was for Sasha. Although they weren't sisters, she was certain they had been related in a previous life.

The following morning, Jasmine's alarm was routinely annoying, but she resisted the allure of the snooze bar, rolled out of bed, and began to get ready. She had settled on a royal blue dress which stopped just below her knees, and the aforementioned hot pink thong. Her shower took longer than usual, as she spent extra time shaving, making sure that there was not a hair to be found anywhere south. Although she had waxed recently, she took no chances, and lathered her entire groin. As she carefully guided the razor over her vagina, she remembered the first time Clark had touched her "naked", and how erotic it had been for them both. She had surprised him with it, arriving in his office before classes one morning wearing a summery dress. As the door closed, he hugged her from behind, and she responded by leaning back into him, while moving his hands to the hem, encouraging him to lift it. As his fingers moved inward, he was greeted by the smoothest flesh he had ever felt, and audibly gasped. It was the perfect tease, as they both had to be in class before it could go any farther. It was not Clark's best teaching performance, as the presence of a pantiless Jasmine was beyond distracting. One student had even commented that it was the first time they remembered Dr. Archer lecturing from behind the podium for an entire class. What happened after they returned to his office for "lunch" remained a favorite memory.

The morning seemed to drag, and Jasmine found herself becoming increasingly anxious as the clock slowly wound its way to noon. With the last patient of the morning cared for, she exited the clinic, and quickly made her way to the college. As she got off the elevator, her heart began to race. It had been years, but she instantly felt as if it had been just yesterday that she rounded the corner, shut the door to Clark's office behind her, and fell into his arms. 

She found his office with the door partially open, as it usually was, but unoccupied. As she entered, the years slipped away, and Jasmine was struck by how little had changed over time. Clark's desk chair looked new, but everything else appeared to be just as it was when she first came to campus. His couch – a beat up relic from the 80's that had been with him since college – was there, still looking entirely out of place and time. Jasmine ran her fingers over the arm, warmly remembering the time spent in on – and bent over – it. She then turned her attention to a worn IU baseball hat on the top of his bookcase, and moved to investigate whether it was still as she left it. Sure enough, tucked inside the rim, was a neatly folded five dollar bill. It has been left for her, long ago, as she had often stopped by to ask to borrow money for lunch or a coffee. Clark found this endearing, and had never realized that it was her way of finding a reason to see him. 

Clark's voice broke the silence, startling her; "I wondered if you would ever need a cup of coffee again, so I left it there just in case. You look as beautiful as ever, and the dress is amazing. Ready to eat?" Jasmine nodded, letting the double entendre add to the electricity in the air. The venue was understood; "Grassroots" had long been a favorite, and early in their relationship the two had discovered a booth at the back that was both cozy and private. Clark only sat there with her, and had long fantasized about renting the restaurant for an entire evening so he could dine with her, and after excusing the staff, enjoy her for dessert. Shortly after they were seated, Clark slid his leg over to her side, and enjoyed the contact unnoticed by any in the restaurant. The conversation was pleasant and full of laughter, and looked to the entire world like an initial date that was going well. 

Jasmine received an unwelcome page from the clinic just as the server was discussing their dessert options, ruining any plans for a return trip to his office. They left soon after, and walked back to the front of the college. There they enjoyed a hug that lasted a moment longer than friends share. Just as he was about to enter the building, Clark he kissed her on the cheek, and produced a pink envelope from his suit jacket. As he pressed it into her hand, he whispered, "You should probably read this after clinic. I hope you enjoy it."

Jasmine felt her face flush from the kiss, as she was unprepared for the public display of affection, and hurriedly walked back to her office. When she sat down at her desk, she was out of breath, anticipating the contents of Clark's card. She opened the envelope carefully, knowing that she would be both saving and savoring it for a very long time. 

Inside she found a carefully folded handwritten note:

Jasmine,

Since you seemed to enjoy my words so much last time, I thought I would try going a little "old school". There is something about the act of putting pen to paper that makes it feel more personal...

For starters, I think about you constantly. You are the focus of my fantasies, and trust me when I say that there are more than a few. And while my imagination wanders, now that you are back, I am becoming almost obsessed with touching you...

As she continued reading, her body shook uncontrollably, as she experienced everything he wrote as if it were actually happening. She quickly stood up, removing her soaking wet panties in one fluid motion, and returned to her chair to finish what he had started. It took less than ten seconds of furious rubbing to produce the desired climax, and she struggled to swallow her moans to keep from sharing her release with the entire clinic. Once the waves of pleasure subsided, she made good use of the office sink, and put on the more conservative underwear she had tucked away for just such situations. Straightening her lab coat and checking one last time in the mirror to make sure she wasn't too flushed, Jasmine walked out of her door to begin seeing patients. She was as efficient as she had ever been, and quietly congratulated herself for not returning to her office for a repeat performance every time she walked past her door. It would have been easy to slip away for the necessary five minutes, but she had her sights set elsewhere, and once her mind was made up, she could keep her lustful desires at bay. For a time.

As she drove away for the day, Jasmine wondered why Clark's words were so powerful. Other men and boys had shared their thoughts, but they had not moved her quite the way his did. She continued to ponder this as she made her way from the garage into the high rise.

Clark's phone display showed "front desk" precisely at 5:41 PM. His pulse rate doubled.

Jasmine barely acknowledged him as she burst through the doorway. "Pray that you've committed that little piece of writing to memory, because I have." she said, making her way past him, and heading straight for his bedroom. She stopped at the entrance, staring into a room softly lit by candlelight.

So tonight in my mind we are in a room and I am going to give you a full body massage. The lights are off and the room is lit by candles. It is very intimate.

She smiled as he put his hands on her shoulders. "Looks like my time in the Boy Scouts was not entirely for naught. Now as I recall, this dress was not a part of my story." Clark moved his hands inward, and slowly unzipped her, as she stepped out of her heels. As it fell to the ground, a nude Jasmine turned to greet him face to face.

"Whatever happened to that hot pink bra and panty set you had on?", he asked in a bemused voice.

"You are as observant as ever, but they weren't a part of your story either.", she replied. And with that, Clark moved his right hand to the back of her head, pulled her in, and the two shared the most passionate kiss of their lives. Time held its breath, and they were, for a moment, taken to a place where souls embrace. When time exhaled, he moved her to the bed. 

I lay you on your stomach and put some rose scented oil on my hands. I start with the back of your neck and shoulders. And work my way down to the small of your back before working on your arms. I spend a lot of time on the inside of your forearm and hands. After that I go to your feet and legs, taking my time to touch every part of them. I can tell how excited you are getting by the way your breathing is changing...

In his mind, Clark knew the importance of patience. He had practiced delayed gratification as a way of preparing for this moment. But now with the addition of her warmth and aroma, he felt he would ejaculate prematurely. His hands shook as the fantasy became reality, and it took all of his will to slow down and stay in that moment. Once he was sure that he could continue, he made his way up her body. 

I then spend a long time on your ass. Rubbing it back and forth and putting my fingers just on the outside of your pussy, but not directly touching it. I see all of you, but am going to wait to touch you inside for a little bit longer.When I am done I kiss your ear and ask you to roll over. 

Jasmine did as she was told, eager for more. Her entire body was on fire, and while she wanted every inch of his cock inside her right then, she knew the wait would be worth it.

I again start with your shoulders, but am running out of places to touch. And I can't resist your breasts. I rub them for a few minutes, taking in the feeling of your hard nipples between my fingers. Then I kiss them; every part of them. They are like candy to me. 

Clark briefly paused and admired both her body and his handiwork. Her nipples were as hard as he had ever seen them, and by the sounds she made when he lightly bit down, he was certain that he could bring her over the edge by stimulating here there.

I move my hands to your hips and inner thighs, opening your legs slightly so I can feel all of you. I am having trouble resisting my prize, but need to concentrate on taking in all I can with my hands. Finally I touch your lips. And trace the outline with my fingers before gently pulling them apart to reveal the most beautiful shade of pink. I stroke the outside first, and tenderly touch the sides of your clitoris. I slowly increase the firmness and make slow circles around it. I keep going until you are about to lose it and then put one finger inside you so I can feel the contractions. 

Jasmine grabbed him by the shoulders and dug her nails in as she wailed. The intensity of the release was not only in response to the stimulation, but to the man as well. 

After you cum, I kiss your lips and neck. When you have recovered, I ask you to get up on your knees. I open you from behind and kiss both your pussy and ass. I am rock hard and the way I am touching and licking you tells you this. I can't take it any more so I put myself into your wetness. All the way in. Slowly at first. 

Even though he had imagined this moment multiple times, he was amazed by just how wet she was. He continued to move through her with all that he had, and the pace picked up rapidly. Jasmine knew all too well what was next, and as she felt the surge building deep within her, she pressed her face and shoulders into the bed while, exposing her ass to her lover

As you start rocking back and forth, I play with your ass. And after a while I put my pinky inside. You moan when I do, and I fuck both your holes at once. I can't last much longer, and pull you up a little so I can grab you nipples as you cum again.

"Now, Clark!! Pleeeeeaaaasssssseeeeeee! Now!!!"

No additional encouragement was required.

Just before he came, Clark felt her tense and later would describe the sensation as if her body was simultaneously pulling him inside of her, while trying to coax every ounce of semen out of him. 


I quicken my strokes so I can join you. After I explode inside you we don't move for a minute. We simply enjoy that moment. Then we turn to each other and kiss long and deep, without saying a word.