 Romeo decides that there is nothing to lose in waking his new lover with a pleasurable wake up, reviving her from her slumber with pure pleasure. He walks over to her and crawls up between her legs staring down at her raw clit, trying to think of a way to please her in her sleep and only awakening her when she finally comes. 

He lowers his face down and starts to blow on her clit, breathing out the hot breath that just filled his own lungs. She moves slightly, not as if she was waking, but as if she were dreaming of him doing exactly as he was. He lowers his face down closer slowly sticking his tongue out, closer to his goal. He stares up at her sleeping face, ensuring that she does not wake when he finally finds his mark, lowering his face closer and closer to her waiting pussy, licking her clit when he is close enough, while still watching her face for a tell tale sign that she might be waking, only she doesn't. Instead of waking she readjusts herself so that he can have full access, and then she mumbles in a halfhearted slumber, "Mmmmmm, yeah, eat your pussy baby." 

He watches her face closer as he starts to eat her pussy, as she squirms a little but shows no signs of waking still. He starts to lick in circles on her clit first one way, then another, then up and down to make sure her slowly swelling lips will stay parted for him when he is ready to pay close attention to her clit and her clit alone.

He slowly lifts each of her legs up onto his back while watching her face, licking those circles on her clit. After a few minutes her breathing increases, and her hands reach down and pull his head in closer, yet she still sleeps. Romeo takes this as the sign that she will continue to sleep as his performs his task and continues to lap at her now swollen clit without worrying about whether she will wake.

He licks and laps away, not worrying about anything, her body reacting to his attention as if it were natural to have an orgasm while sleeping. Her breathing getting heavier and heavier, she begins to pant and moan, and he continues to lick in circles enjoying the fact that she will wake soon coming in his mouth.

Before long she is grinding her hips up into his face as she clenches his head between her thighs and pulls his head in more with her hands. She is close, her orgasm is not far off, you can hear her moans getting louder and louder, turning into quiet muffled screams of pleasure. As she begins to climax her eyes open, her body begins to convulse and stiffen as she arches her back high off of the bed, and she starts to scream out in pleasure. It lasts good while, squirting her hot juices all over as she digs her nails deep into his flesh, as he still continues to devour her sweet hot pussy.

As she finishes coming, she whimpers and pulls Romeo up to her, kissing him passionately, not realizing that he has a hard on from hell raging between his legs. She releases him and says, "That was a welcome wake up call, I don't remember ordering it, but I am thoroughly ecstatic that I received it." Then she peers down and sees his erection and continues, "Is that for me? I don't see a bow on it, so it must not be a present, but I will take it all the same."

Romeo grins and climbs on top of her, easing his hard cock between her swollen wet lips, then he says, "It is a present, but I was hoping to give it to you as you were sleeping, but I will have to give it to you now."

He slowly works his hard erection in and out of her tightening pussy, slowly pulling it out till only the head is still inside her then slowly sliding it right back in, repeating in a slow rhythmic stride. She begins to moan softly, enjoying how it feels inside of her, filling her up then creating a void, over and over. He watches her face the whole time, her eyes shut with a wide smile on her face, and an overall look of contentment.

She opens her eyes, seeing that he is watching her face, she asks, "Do you always stare while you are having sex?"

He replies, "No, but the look on your face is so pleasing, I can't resist to stare. You are so beautiful when I fuck you slow, I just can't help myself."

She smiles, and then she commences to stare back into his eyes as he fills her up then creates a void. Just then she reaches up and pulls his face to hers, kissing him deeply, holding him tight, feeling the connection that she has longed for with a man but has never found till now. They continue to lie there and fuck, or more appropriately, make love, as their hearts are growing fonder of one another despite their lack of knowing each other, while kissing passionately and slow. Neither one of them worrying about coming any time soon, they just slowly lay there making love, kissing and holding one another.

After some time they do come closer to climaxing, but they continue to take it slow, kissing and holding onto one another as they move in unison. Surprisingly they both try to restrain themselves from coming when it approaches, trying to prolong this connection, not knowing whether it will end after they have finished or if it is something that will last long after they check out. Eventually they both finally cum, and cum really hard, to be more precise, toe curling hard, all as they strain to keep on going.

After a long morning of making love, they do everything they can to spend as much time together as they prepare to leave the hotel. They shower together, playfully trying to arouse one another as they soap each other up. RoseBud70 is successful, and Romeo grabs her by the waist and lifts her up onto his cock, gently pinning her against the wall, kissing and licking at her neck as he impales her on his cock, making good use of their time in the shower, achieving two goals at once (Washing up and enjoying each other in ways they did not think they would.).

He slowly fucks her softly, thanking god for the slip resistant coating on the bottom of the shower as he drives RoseBud70 closer to another climax. Her screams of pleasure muffled only by the shower beating on their skin.

After she finishes her orgasm, Romeo lets her down and twirls her around, bending her over in front of him as he impales her again. He is more able to hit her G-spot this way and he knows it, so he grabs her hips and rocks her back and forth on his cock like a perpetual timer that clinks and clacks rhythmically, rubbing her G-spot with every stroke. Soon her pussy tightens and he knows she is ready to cum again, only he knows he will to this time. He grunts and bucks as his hot fluid saturates the inside of her hot waiting pussy.

She turns around and gets on her knees in front of him, slipping his cock into her mouth while it is still slightly hard, wanting to savor his creamy goo. Before long he is ready for more, but they know their time is limited, they have to check out by eleven and it is nearly ten thirty. So they stop where they are at and finish cleaning up, dry off and get dressed.

They depart the room and she heads to his car while he turns in the keys and informs the attendant that they will need to definitely take care in cleaning the room. He meets her at his car and gets in as he asks her what they should do now.

She looks up at him and suggests that they return to his place or hers, it didn't matter either way as long as they could continue, since they were far from being finished.

Romeo agrees and says they can go to his place if she felt comfortable doing so; otherwise he had no problem going to hers.

They agree on going to her house, only because it is closer. They drive off with RoseBud70 leaning over onto Romeo, still tired from their night before, but also anxious of the rest of the day to come. All the while she massages the growing bulge in his pants, hoping that she will meet the monster that satiated her the night before when they arrive at her place.

They pull up in front of her place, anxious to get inside and to continue their torrid affair. She quickly exits the car before he can get out and open her door, almost running to her door to unlock it and rush inside to continue their escapade of delight and hope.

Romeo follows, just as anxious, just as hurriedly as she. Reaching the door as she finishes fumbling with the lock, and pushes the door open.

They both enter without haste, closing the door behind them and rushing towards the bedroom, eager to continue, eager to learn whether their attraction is just lust or if it is something genuine.