 RoseBud70 enters the room first, almost stripping right there, but decides to go into the bathroom first and freshen up telling Romeo, "I want you so bad right now, but let go freshen up real quick. Please sit down and relax, get yourself a drink if you would like. I have some beer in the fridge along with milk, water, some orange juice, and tomato juice. Also in the living room is a liquor stand where I have some vodka, rum and whiskey. Please help your self to whatever you want." and then heads into the bathroom. 

Romeo gives himself the tour real quick, noting where everything is at that he may need, finding the kitchen, the living room, a spare bedroom converted into an office, and RoseBud70's closet where he notices an array of sexual toys. He is almost embarrassed, knowing that he just went somewhere private, and quite possibly not intended for him to see, but he starts to go through her selection. He finds several imitation cocks, ranging in size from small to "GOD HELP ME!" He also finds several vibrators of different varieties, a magic bullet, a vibrating egg, an alien like cock shaped vibrator that spins vibrates and has an attachment that is intended to massage her clit as she fucks herself with it. He finds a small leather whip, some handcuffs, a few scarves, a swing, and a large half barrel shaped thing with an electrical cord a make shift saddle with a place to add on attachments with "The Horse" in big bold lettering shaped like a bucking bronco on either side. 

He selects a few items and hide them on and under the bed, just in case he may need to use them on her later, he wasn't sure if he would or if she would let him, but he wanted them readily available if he did need them and she was willing to allow him to use them on her. 

He looks around a little more, finding some scented candles inside her nightstand, along with another play toy similar to the ones in her closet. He grabs the candles and set them in the holders on the nightstand, lighting each one. Pulls the blinds shut, closes the curtains, making it almost as dark as it would be at night with a few candles being lit. Notices a CD collection on top of her dresser and a stereo on a small table in the corner, so he walks over and looks through the CD's finding one that was just right to set the mood, and inserts it into the player and hits play. 

He walks over to the foot of the bed, which faces the door to the bathroom and starts to remove his clothes, all but his tight fitting jockey shorts, and sits down on the bed leaning back resting on his hands behind him. Almost as soon as he finishes leaning back the bathroom door opens. RoseBud70 is standing there in a sexy negligee that fits tightly around her heavy breasts. 

RoseBud70 smiles, and says, "So I take it you found the candles and my favorite CD." Then commences to walk seductively over to him, as he stands up in more ways than just standing.

Romeo replies, "Yeah, I found them, guilty as charged." Then he grabs her and pulls her close as he kisses her hungrily.

She feels the rigid rod poking her in her soft belly and starts to reach for it, but Romeo brushes her hand away and breaks their kiss to say, "No, no, you have to earn that first!"

RoseBud70 playfully pouts, then says, "I thought I had?"

Romeo replies with a devilish grin on his face, "You earned it all those other times, now you need to earn it again."

With that RoseBud70 starts to dance to the music in a seductive way, slowly and methodically, eventually pushing Romeo onto the bed then climbing up on top of him, straddling him and feeling his hard cock rub her wet pussy through his shorts. She continues to dance on top of him slowly lifting her negligee, slowly exposing her totally nude figure underneath. Grabbing him by throwing her arms around his neck and playfully slapping his face with her breasts, then pushes him back down onto the bed, flat on his back, pulling herself up so that she was straddling his shoulders with her wet hot pussy just inches away from his hungry mouth.

She dances some more, waving her wet pussy over his face in a taunting manner till he grabs her hips and pulls her down onto his mouth, hungrily tasting her musky wet lips. She moans and grabs his head, pulling it in closer, feeling his hot breath on her wet hot pussy. She is in heaven, her pussy getting the attention it needs, all with just a little seduction, that and it is eagerly pleased by someone who wants to please it. She is euphoric, leaning back slightly, allowing him to have full reign of her pussy, she knows that today will be a good day, maybe even better than last night was. 

It doesn't take long for her pussy to melt in his mouth, with her body trembling and begging for more, he eagerly eats his fine meal. Devouring it in its entirety until her hot juices flow out all over his face, saturating his hair and the bed. 

She moves off of him and snuggles up next to him, kissing him more passionate than she has ever before, tasting her sweet juice on his lips and tongue. She reaches down for the rigid beast that lurks within his jockey shorts, meeting no obstacles; she frees it from its confines only to confine it in her mouth as Romeo groans. 

Romeo loves the feel of her mouth wrapped delicately around his throbbing cock, so much so that he would allow her to devour it at any time that she pleases, even if it were an inconvenience. He reaches down running his fingers through her hair and grabbing the back of her head, assisting her in her quest to swallow it whole. 

It doesn't take long for her to bring him to his climax, his hot semen squirting deep into her mouth and throat, coating it thick as it slides down into her stomach. She loves the feeling of his cock tickling her tonsils, and of his semen coating her throat, making her feel as though his cock is all hers and meant for no other. As he finishes coming she continues to suck hard on his cock, draining every last drop out of it that she can. 

When she feels there is nothing left to suck out she returns next to him, holding him tight in her arms as she kisses him softly and deeply, almost wanting to say that she loves him, but doesn't for fear that he might not feel the same way about her. They lay there for a few minutes kissing, dreaming of what has been for the past twelve or so hours, as they fall fast asleep in each other's arms again. 

She wakes not too long later and begins to watch him sleep a peaceful sleep in her arms, smiling widely as she gazes at his content even happy face. She begins to run her hands over his body, feeling the curve of his body and how it isn't perfect in appearance, but works well with hers. She notices that his cock is starting to grow, waking while he slept, and remembers how he woke her so pleasurably just hours earlier. 

She slides off of the bed and slowly and gently pulls his jockeys off of him, exposing him completely to her as his cock grows and stands on end. She smiles to herself and crawls up in between his legs, taking his cock and licking it from base to tip, enjoying how he tastes through his pre-cum. She slides his cock deep into her mouth and starts to suck on it, bobbing up and down on it like one of the horses on the merry go round. 

Soon her pussy starts to ache for him, and grows even wetter. She stops and crawls up next to him and slowly and gently straddles his lap without waking him. Sliding his rigid cock into the velvety folds of her hot and wet pussy, gasping as it fills her. His head rolls over to the other side, but she can tell he is still sleeping, so she commences to ride him softly, flexing the muscles in her hungry pussy to contract as she lifts upward, and relax as she lowers down, milking his cock, hoping to be filled by his hot juices as he wakes. 

"It feels so good!" she says to herself as she rides him more. Moaning softly, as his cock penetrates deeper and deeper inside of her. She wants him more now, and not just as someone she can fuck, but she also wants his heart and soul. She thinks as she rides him, "I barely know him, yet he makes me feel like a queen, his queen. Does this mean he is the man I am supposed to be with exclusively, tending to his needs as he tends to mine?" 

Her pussy gets wetter and wetter as she continues thinking, "Am I in love with him, or am I just overly euphoric from us fucking and orgasming all night? Am I sleep deprived and unable to think straight, and this is all just some sort of hallucination? Or is this love?" 

RoseBud70 can feel Romeo's balls constrict below her ass as his body starts to tighten up, his eyes open wide staring up at her while he feels his cock near eruption. 

RoseBud70 stares down into his eyes as he climaxes, spurting his hot cream deep into her belly, filling her pussy and running down his cock. She continues to ride him, making sure that his orgasm lasts as long as it will last, getting off of his cock when she knows he is definitely done, only to swallow his cock in her mouth, sucking hungrily to make sure that his balls are drained. Returning by his side asking him if he was surprised and satisfied with what she had done. 

Romeo stares in her eyes, almost weepy, and pulls her close and kisses her passionately until they both fall asleep. 

Minute's later Romeo wakes, and stares at her while she sleeps, running his fingers through her hair. He caresses her naked body, enjoying the feel of her supple skin beneath his touch. He pulls her close and whispers in her ear, "It may be too early to say it to you while you are awake, but it isn't too early to tell you while you sleep, but I think I love you."

RoseBud70 smiles in her sleep, and Romeo isn't sure if she is awake or sleeping, and doesn't care one way or the other. He feels that he may love her, and if she hears it and does not feel the same way, oh well, nothing lost, nothing gained. At least they spent this day together enjoying one another and how each made the other feel.