 Oh my god, my head. What did I do last night? It slowly came back to me. Dean; the fucker. I shouldn't let it get to me like that, it's over and there's nothing I can do about it now, except maybe not drink so much. What else had I done, anything stupid? Flashes of the night ran through my head, taking shots, talking to Matt, the pool table, and dancing. I had danced with Matt, and if I hadn't drank so much I could have enjoyed it more, remembered it better. It had felt good to be in his arms, safe, warm. My cheeks pinked at the thought. He had been so caring and helpful, but part of me had wished that he'd taken advantage. If he wasn't gonna make a move when I was drunk, would he ever? I began to fantasize about him kissing, licking and stroking my body. The thoughts sent shivers through me and I began to get wet. 

Wait, what am I sleeping on? Under my hand was something firm and warm. I could feel my head moving up and down and a steady thumping in my ear. I ran my hand down farther until I hit fabric and something hard, really hard. 

My head shot up, realizing what I had been touching. I had fallen asleep on Matt and he was hard. "Sorry," I blurted out, barely looking at him. I jumped out of bed, grabbed a sweatshirt off the floor and walked out of the room.

I looked down at my self to survey the damage. Shit. I might as well be naked. I was wearing a pair of booty short and a tank top that you could clearly see my nipples through. Matt would have felt them against his chest. Wait he had been hard, was it because of me or just a morning wood thing?

I slid on my sweatshirt and walked into the kitchen, deciding it was best to just pretend nothing had happened. I opened the fridge and leaned in, "Do you want eggs, or there's toast or..."

I stopped mid sentence, feeling Matt's arms wrap around me from behind. He pulled me into him and whispered in my ear, "Don't be sorry because I definitely not." Matt turned me around so that I was facing him. He brought a hand up and ran it through my hair, resting it at the base of my head. My heart raced, my body coming alive at his touch. Matt leaned down towards me, touching his lips to mine. The kiss was light and breathy, Matt gently running his lips over mine, as if he was tasting me. Making sure I was on the same page, he pulled away and studied my face, and then returned to kissing me. He brushed kisses on my cheeks, nose, forehead, jaw line and eyes. Taking another good look at me, he ran his hand down my neck, sending shivers through me.

Matt's next kiss was full of force, he wasn't being gentle anymore and he showed it. He began devouring me, licking my lips and then thrusting his tongue into my mouth to stroke my own. Matt's kiss had me moaning into his mouth and sent my hands searching and feeling their way over his perfect chest and muscular arms. Soon I was matching his need with my own, pushing my way into his mouth to suck and massage his tongue. Matt's hands came down to clutch my ass, he lifted me off my feet, bringing me up to him. I wrapped my legs around him and started grinding into his growing erection. 

Matt sat me down on the counter and removed my sweatshirt and tank top in one foul swoop. His mouth moved to suck on my ear and then lick and kiss its way down my neck, while his hands came up to massage my breasts. I trembled against him, every stroke and lick making my pussy uncontrollably wet. Matt trailed his kisses down until he reached my breasts, he kissed and felt his way all around my boob, avoiding my nipple. My anticipation and need rang through me, with each pass he got closer and closer. Finally Matt flicked his tongue over my nipple, making my back arch, purring noises escaping from my lips. His lips came around my nipple and began to suck, sending my hand to the back of his head to hold him there. After thoroughly devouring my left breast, Matt moved his head to the right to continue his assault. The sensation on my right breast brought renewed sounds of pleaser to fall from my lips. 

The kisses began to trail lower, down my stomach and along my panty line. My pussy clenched at the approaching sensation. Legs still wrapped around Matt, he pulled away to disentangle himself and gently removed my panties. Once again he spread my legs on either side of him. Matt looked down to survey my body, making my heart race and blood boil. At the sight of my wet, gaping pussy, Matt licked his lips and grinned wickedly. 

Reaching for my right leg, Matt turned and started kissing his way up to my center. He licked at the juices that had run onto my inner thighs, and then continued down my left leg. Matt's hands came up to stroke around my center, while his eyes watched my face. Without warning Matt shoved two fingers inside of me, my pussy clenched down around him and a quite scream escaped me. Continuing to watch my face, Matt smiled viciously at the pleasure he was giving me. He began to brush him thumb lightly over my clit. Matt's diving fingers and stimulating thumb had me nearly at my brink when he suddenly removed his hand, leaving me empty and begging. 

Matt licked at his dripping hand before bringing a deep kiss to my lips. I could taste myself on him, mixed with his heat and spice. Breaking our kiss, Matt pulled my ass to the edge of the counter and spread my legs wide. Kneeling in front of me, Matt brought his face to my pussy and began to lick. Unintelligible noises were coming from me, my back arched in an effort to bring me closer to Matt's tongue and my hand searched out the back of his head, encouraging his efforts. Matt's tongue was diving into my gaping pussy, fucking me deeper and deeper with each thrust. He brought his thumb back to my clit and started to rub. My whole body began to tremble, I started thrusting my hips into Matt's tongue, my pussy clenched, sending juices spilling out of me. I screamed out, coming hard on Matt's face. 

After shocks still flowing through me, Matt continued to lick, devouring all me juices. When I was finally clean, Matt stood only to have me pull him to my waiting lips. I kissed and licked his lips and chin, cleaning myself off of him in return. Satisfied, I reached into Matt's shorts and began to stoke him, signaling what I wanted next. All our foreplay had him raging; I could feel precum along the tip of his waiting cock. Matt undid his pants and let them fall to the floor, my hand still wrapped around him; I pulled him towards me, aligning him with my waiting cunt.

Slowly, Matt pushed the tip of his cock inside of me and stopped to kiss his lips at my own. I tried to push myself onto him, begging to have him inside of me, but Matt held firmly onto me hips, not letting me move. As I whimpered into his mouth, I could feel Matt smile under my kiss. Still lapping at my lips, Matt abruptly pushed the rest of the way inside of me. I was filled to the brink, his long thick cock reaching every part of m; I was tight and perfect around him. Our lips came apart as Matt began to trust into me fast and hard. With every plunge, I grew tighter and tighter.

Soon I was screaming my way to my second orgasm. Matt kissed at my gasping lips while I recovered. Satisfied that I was ready for more, he picked me up off the counter. My legs were wrapped around him and he was still inside of me as he walked into my room and lay me down on the bed. Matt held himself over me, moving in and out of me in long slow strokes, I raked my fingers down his back and bit my lip in pleasure. I pulled Matt down closer, so that with every stroke my nipples would brush along Matt's chest. 

We lasted an eternity like this, until finally Matt's breathing became shallow and he started to grunt with each thrust. With a final deep thrust, Matt released inside of me. Feeling his hot cum shooting inside of me, I came hard, clamping down around him. Trying to hold myself together, I bit down lightly on Matt's shoulder. 

Spent, Matt rolled off of me and pulled me close, continuing to kiss me and stroke my stomach. Neither of us had said a word since before Matt grabbed me in the kitchen. I decided to brake the trance, "I thought you were never going to make a move."

Matt chuckled, "Are you kidding, I've wanted you since the first second I saw you covered in whipped cream. It was the sexiest thing I've ever seen."

"Then what took you so long?"

"I had to make sure there were no other guys. That first day you bitched out that guy on the phone, so I decided to wait. Then I started falling for you, the more time I spent with you the more perfect you were and I started to loose my nerve. And then I really lost my nerve last nigh. Part of me thought you still wanted Dean. But after sleeping next to you all last night, I couldn't take it any more, so I took my chance."

"You know, it may not seem like it but everything is more than over with both of them. I'm really not the type of girl that has a bunch of drama and an ex list a mile long. You just came along at the right time to get the wrong impression."

"I know you're not." Matt paused, sincerity in his eyes. "If you don't mind me asking, why didn't things work out with either of them?"

"Neither of them were in a position to give me what I wanted."

"I'm not sure if it's just what you want, I think it's what you need. You need to be loved. You need a man whose gonna take care of you. I'm already falling for you and I want nothing more than to take care of you."

The look in his eyes told me he was dead serious. I brought my hand up and stroked his cheek; I kissed at his lips, overcome with emotion. He already knew me so well. "This is crazy."

"How is it crazy?"

"It's crazy that we've only known each other a few weeks and we're already feeling this way. You make me feel so safe. Every look, every touch from you makes me wild. I want to be with you all the time." Matt's lips stopped me before I could say anything more.