 Sybil was working on Kit's pussy vigorously and with intent, she wanted her to release all of the hot cum that she had stored up, she wanted it all over her face, dripping down around her cheeks and running down her neck. It was working to, she could feel her clit swelling beneath her tongue and her little fuckhole had started to drip wet with that sweet nectar. Sybil placed her mouth over Kit's pussy and clit so that she could begin to taste her juices and continue to kiss and lick her cit. Kit was resting her head on Sybil's belly while James continued to lick and suck her long after she was finished cumming, she was in pleasurable agony. 

Kit's orgasm grew in her belly, burning and craving to be released. She could feel it rising and then without warning it shot threw her and hit her clit like a fiery bullet. Her cum exploded into Sybil's mouth filling her up so much so that she almost had trouble swallowing it, she managed most of it and a little dribbled out the sided of her mouth, down her cheeks, and then slowly down her neck. Her taste was sweet like candy, thick and creamy. Kit moaned into Sybil's belly, grasping at her sides and holding on for her second wave of pleasure. It washed over her, making her face hot and flushed with red. She let out a whimper followed by a deep but soft and subtle moan. 

"Oh Sybil, why must you torture me so. Your tongue is like velvet across my clit, my cunt longs for your tongue to penetrate me. Fuck me with your tongue and then my ass." 

"Yes Sybil. Fuck her, fuck her good. Give that little rosebud the same attention that you give mine."

Sybil nodded and drove her tongue deep into Kit's hot little pussy. She would pull out every now and then, teasing her just inside her hot little hole, this drove Kit crazy and she would force her tongue deep inside of her by pushing back against her face. When she moved forward a little Sybil slipped her tongue out and let it trail down her taint, lingering for a while, teasing her a little before she moved on to what she really wanted. She circled her ass, kissing her checks and nibbling ever so gently. She would occasionally bite a little hard and make her jump at the pain, then she would kiss it away.

"Sybil that feels wonderful, your teasing is intoxicating but you know what I want."

"Give it to her babe. Let her feel you inside her, she wants you."

Sybil moved her tongue from the top of her crack slowly down to her puckered little hole, flicking it gently before she let the very tip of her tongue gently press up against her. She waited for Kit to make the next move; Kit began to wiggle her ass against Sybil's face before gently pressing herself up against her, forcing her tongue into Kit's tight little virgin ass. This was a first for Kit, it was a new sensation and she relished in the new found pleasure. Sybil let her tongue slide in as far as it could go before she started to move it around and dart it in and out. Kit squirmed and bucked against her, moaning and screaming. Without warning and surprise to even Kit, she reached a giant orgasm and released her cum all over Sybil's face. When her orgasm subsided she rolled off of Sybil and fell to her side on the couch. 

James crawled up Sybil's body, kissing her along the way until he reached her mouth. Taking her face in his large rough hands he held her gently as he kissed her. His beard was soaked with her cum, she could taste herself on him as she returned his deep kiss. He ran his hands over her sweat kissed body, she trembled at his touch, wanting so much more. James stood up and took both women's hands, he motioned for them to stand and follow him upstairs. They went willingly, following up the steps and into Sybil's room. He led them into the bathroom where he turned on the shower, he stepped in and they followed. The water was warm and inviting, Sybil and Kit let the water hit their skin and run down their bodies, their heads tilted back to wet their hair. James lathered his hands and began to wash Sybil, slowly and sensually. Sybil took the soap and lathered her hands as well to wash Kit. When she was done with Kit she washed James, taking extra care to arouse him and clean him well. 

The women rinsed off and then turned to James, rinsing him and playing with his hard dick. His balls where hanging low in the warm water and his dick seemed to get bigger with every stroke. They took turns rubbing him and stroking him, Sybil sucked his dick into her mouth while Kit sucked his balls. James put a hand on each other heads moving them to suit his needs. He released Kit's head and caressed Sybil with both hands while he began to fuck her face. 

"That's a good girl. Suck my dick while I fuck your face. Take it nice and deep."

"You look so pretty with that thick dick in your mouth girlie. Let him fuck you."

Kit went behind James and propped one of his legs up on the side of the tub, giving her access to Sybil's dripping wet pussy. She let her fingers slide in and play with her insides, taking care to tease her just as Sybil had done to her earlier. Sybil moaned on to James' dick, opening wide to let James in all the way, letting his dick slide to the back of her throat. James took this and went with it, he started to fuck her mouth hard, making her gag and drool all over him. She looked up at him with her big green eyes, he gazed into her eyes waiting for her to give him the go ahead. She nodded at him and braced herself for what was about to come. James held her head firmly in his hands and went to town on her mouth. He pumped his dick in and out of her mouth until he couldn't hold back any more.

"Get ready my love, here is comes."

"Mmmhuh." Sybil answered him with an eager look on his face. 

"Good girl Sybil, take his load of hot cum!"

Without any further ado James released his load into her mouth, filling her mouth and making her cheeks billow. She held still while he finished in her mouth, when he was done he pulled out and looked down on her with smiling, loving eyes. Before Sybil had a chance to swallow her prize Kit place her mouth over Sybil's and parted her lips with her tongue, letting James' cum leak out into her mouth. His cum was delightful and they played with it as they kissed each other. This was an arousing sight for James to see and before long he was straight as an arrow and ready for more. He hated to break up this little moment between the two women but he could not effectively please the both of them in this small little space.

"Come with me ladies. I have something fun and hard for you to play with." James grinned as he turned off the water and led them to the bed. 

James laid Sybil down on her back and parted her legs, she was nice a wet and ready to be fucked. He slid in to her and began slowly fucking her. Kit moved over and laid down on the bed, positioning her wet pussy right in front on James. She motioned to him to come over to her, she spread her legs and smiled at him while she rubbed her clit. James positioned himself so that he could continue to fuck Sybil while he ate Kit. The two women moaned as James pleasured them, Sybil meeting him in rhythm and Kit pressing against his face. His beard felt good on her shaved pussy and she rubbed up against him, letting his scratchy hair massage her fuck hole. 

"Does she taste good James? Nice and sweet, isn't she." Sybil's voice was soft and gentle, filled with pleasure. 

"He eats pussy just as good as a woman. I love your tongue in me James, do it again?" Kit's voice was begging him to go on. 

James was happy to oblige the request and fucked her good. He could tell that he was getting close to cumming so he gave Kit one last good fuck and turned his attention to Sybil. Kit finished herself off and then slipped quietly into the bathroom. She rinsed off real quick and slipped on Sybil's robe. James saw her come out of the bathroom, she motioned to him that she was going and then leaned over Sybil.

"Have fun my dear. I will see you later." She kissed Sybil and gave her tit a little squeeze. She winked and James and slipped out of the room quietly.

"It is just us now my love. How do you want me to take you?"

"Soft and gentle, like the first time."

"As you wish."