 My heart had been pounding with excitement and anticipation the whole flight to see you. I couldn't believe that I was finally going to see you, touch you, feel you, and hold you. I tried to imagine what might happen when we finally had the chance to lay eyes on each other. So when you opened the door to the hotel room, I could hardly believe my eyes. There you were with those gorgeous eyes sparkling blue. You were looking at me with that coy smile that I had come to so adore, but the pictures were nothing compared to actually see you looking at me. My heart seemed to beat even faster and I felt weak.

I wanted to say something, but no words would come. You seemed the same and you simply reached out to take my hand and pull me into the room. I can still feel the warmth of your hand in mine and that first touch. I closed the door behind me and let go of my luggage as you led me into the room. I couldn't believe how short of breath I felt, or how my entire body felt like I was falling down a bottomless pit.

You turned back to me and our eyes locked. I couldn't think or breathe. The only thing I knew is that I wanted this moment to last forever. I stepped closer to you, reached a hand up to your face, and caressed your cheek. Your skin was so soft and I was standing so close that I could smell the intoxicating aroma of your skin. Your soft lips found the palm of my hand and I felt my breath constrict further. Your eyes came back to mine and I couldn't resist leaning in to finally get a taste of those delicious looking lips. I couldn't believe how soft they were as they moved against mine. The kiss quickly deepened as your arms wrapped around my neck. Your body pressed against mine and I could feel the warmth of your body all down mine.

I could already feel myself getting hard at the feeling of your warm body pressed against mine. I felt myself wanting nothing more than to rip your clothes off and sink myself into you right this moment. However, I wanted this to be something special that we would never forget. I felt your teeth nibble my lip and my fingers dug into your hips in response. Your breath deepened and small moans were occasionally emanating from our kiss. A small flame had been burning since several days before coming to see you. Now that flame was being fanned and growing into a raging fire. I could feel my face getting hotter.

Your leg slowly hitched up mine and I reached down and pulled it up to my hip. I was amazed at how much warmer you felt now that your pussy was in direct contact with my hardened cock. My need was growing more urgent and my lips slowly slid down your neck as my hands unclasped from your shirt and slid beneath it. The skin of your stomach was so soft and smooth beneath my fingertips, but I loved the contrast of the muscle I could feel beneath it. Your breath caught a little at the feel of my hands around your sensitive stomach and you squirmed beneath my fingertips.

I licked and sucked your neck as you dropped it back so that I would have unrestricted access. God, how I loved the sounds you were making as my hands came up to your breasts and gently began to roll your nipples between my fingers. Your back was arched and you were slowly grinding against me. I looked at you with your head dropped back and could see a flush in the skin of your neck and I suddenly wanted to see more. I wanted to see the breasts that I was playing with and so I slid your shirt up over your head and had to take a moment to take in the sight of your exposed chest. You weren't wearing a bra, so you were now naked from the waist up and you blushed and bit your lip as I drank you in with my eyes. 

For the briefest moment, I wondered how long it would take me to count the freckles on your gorgeous skin, but you distracted me by pulling me back toward you and you nuzzled your face in my neck. I shivered and groaned as you began to kiss my neck and slide your hands up my stomach. I had to keep myself from laughing because it tickled al little, but you soon moved up my chest, lifted my shirt over my head, and tossed it aside. Your hands then strayed into the hair on my chest and I could see the hungry look in your eyes.

I wrapped my arms around your waist, pulled you back against me, and kissed you even more fiercely than before. My tongue slid between your lips and our tongues danced from your mouth to mine and then back to yours. Your nipples were hard against my chest and my skin seemed to burn in the most pleasurable way as your skin came into contact with mine. You tangled your fingers in my hair as we began grinding against each other. I could hear how desperate you were to have me in your soft moans and my name continually escaped your lips.

My hands moved to unfasten your pants at the same time yours moved to unfasten mine. We each got our pants undone simultaneously and then both slide them down each other's legs. Neither of us was wearing underwear and so we were both now completely nude. You blushed again and smiled softly as you moved to the bed and climbed upon it. I watched the way the muscles in your legs flexed as you moved and then the way you wiggled your ass a little before turning onto your back and laying your head on the pillows. You reached out your hand to me and simply said, "Take me, my sexy ginger." I felt like I would cum right then just at the sound of that simple request in that sexy voice of yours. But I took a deep breath to calm and prepare myself for what was about to happen.

My heart was pounding in my chest. My eyes roamed over your body, taking in the sight of you laying there without a stitch of clothing on your body. I couldn't believe that something so amazing was happening and was trying to prepare myself for this act of surrendering myself to you completely. Again, I took a steadying breath and reached out to take your hand as I climbed onto the bed. You opened your legs and I couldn't help but notice the way that your pussy opened up as your legs spread wide.

I tried to prepare myself for what was about to happen. I positioned the tip of my cock at the entrance of your pussy and had to stop again to prepare myself. You thought that I had stopped in order to tease you and wrapped your legs around me in order to pull me in. My eyes rolled back into my head and groaned in ecstasy as the sensation of your warm pussy started to engulf my rock hard shaft. I groaned as I slid inch by inch into you until my shaft was completely engulfed in your hot folds and my balls settled against your ass. I remained motionless in order to attempt to become accustomed to the feel of your wet tightness around my cock.

Your hips rose in order to try to take me in deeper and the movement heightened the sensation of my being inside you. I began to move my hips against yours, grinding myself against your clit and sliding my cock in and out of your hot, wet tunnel. I groaned at the amazing feeling of being inside you and felt my ears began to ring as your moans grew louder. I couldn't believe that the sounds you were making were because of me although we were the only two in the room. Your increasingly loud moans only encouraged me to grind harder and faster into you.

Faster and harder and faster and deeper. Your arms pulled me tight against you and I nibbled your shoulder as your teeth sank into mine. Your fingers dredged up and down my back as though you might rip my skin right off, but it only made me hungrier for you. I groaned and breathed as deeply as I could and moved even harder and faster.

I could feel your pussy becoming tighter around my cock as it grew inside your increasingly hot, wet hole. "Oh God, ERIC!!!" You screamed as we both barreled over the edge into an incredible climax. My head was thrown back as we both screamed in ecstasy and our bodies began to shake. I could feel the way your pussy rippled over my cock as your body became engulfed in waves of pleasure that rolled from the top of your head down to the tips of your toes. Where I was so hot before, I suddenly felt cold as all the blood rushed to my core as I exploded inside you. Stream after stream of hot cum shot into your pussy.

Our shaking gradually subsided and our breathing slowly began to return to normal. I lifted my eyes to yours and we gazed at each other for a short time. Words wouldn't come, so I simply leaned down and kissed you softly, but deeply. You sighed and wrapped your arms and legs around me that much tighter and I knew that this was only the beginning of an amazing experience with you that would include much more pleasure for both of us.