 Stacy H. - Sept. 2005

I met Stacy in a Yahoo! chat room while I was at work. I was working as a valet for an apartment building in downtown Baltimore. I talked to her for a couple of weeks, never about anything to important, or meeting.

When meeting did come up we decided to meet and hangout the Friday before Labor Day weekend/ I had been texting her all day while I was at my day job, Jos. A. Bank in Hampstead. Maryland. I had a three day weekend coming up and I was hoping to spend it fucking a hot piece of ass.

Unfortunately she never showed up to pick my dumb ass up. I stayed at work to wait for her, telling my usual ride that I had found another way home. I ended up waiting almost two hours and never could get through to her. Just as it was starting to look like I was going to have to walk home, to Westminster, I got lucky. My good friend Bob agreed to give me a ride home. I gave him forty dollars for the inconvenience.

The weekend went by and I never heard from her. I didn't really give it much thought. Sunday night I was at Heather's apartment in Owings Mills. Heather was at work and I was supposed to pick her up.

Around nine o'clock Stacy started texting me. She apologized for what happened Friday afternoon and after a few texts back and forth she told me she needed some help. She told me that she and a friend of hers needed a place to stay for a few days. I told her that I could help; I hardly stayed at my apartment. I had a couple of hours before I needed to pick heather up, so I told Stacy to meet me in Westminster.

I took Stacy and her friend to my apartment and got them settled in. I told them I couldn't stay, but I'd be back in the morning.

Monday morning I took Heather to work in Towson, and then headed back to my apartment.

When I walked in Stacy was asleep in my lazy boy and her friend was asleep in my bed. I decided to make breakfast, not caring if I woke them up. They both slept through it, her friend was in the bedroom so I wasn't surprised that she didn't wake up. I was a little shocked that Stacy didn't wake up. I made enough in case they were hungry when they did wake up.

I had been there for about two hours when the friend woke up and came into the living room. We exchanged a little small talk before she woke Stacy up. They both got a little to eat and sat in the living room talking. I stayed in the living room, trying to make out what they were talking about.

After talking for about an hour, and confirming with me that it was okay if Stacy stayed, her friend decided to leave, taking Stacy's car.

Once her friend left I went to the living room to talk to Stacy. I knew she smoked weed from our previous conversations, so I packed a bowl to smoke with her.

After smoking a bowl I told her I had been up late and was going to take a nap. I went into my bedroom and closed the door. Not long after I had gotten comfortable I heard the door open. She told me she hadn't slept well in the chair the night before and asked if I would mind if she tried to get some sleep in the bed too. I told her I didn't mind, but she should know I sleep naked. I never opened my eyes and I was facing away from her, so when the door closed I assumed she left.

She didn't leave. She took her clothes off and got in the bed beside me. I rolled over to face her. Neither of us said anything. After a few seconds of silence she moved closer and kissed me. I don't know how long it lasted, but it seemed like forever.

Part of me was shocked; at this point I hadn't really expected anything to happen between us. After a few moments I put my hand on her side and pulled her to me. I moved my hand down to her hip; she still had her panties on.

I pushed her onto her back and started kissing her neck and chest, working my way to her tits and nipples. At the same time I moved my hand inside the front of her panties. She was completely shaved, she was so smooth. Her pussy was really wet. I could feel the dampness on the crotch of her panties on the back of my hand. She spread her legs and moaned quietly, encouraging me to keep playing with her pussy. I started fingering her, eventually getting all of my middle finger inside of her. She was really tight.

Suddenly, I realized that if I kept going I'd be cheating on Heather, maybe it was already too late. I slid my finger out of her and took my hand out of her panties then rolled over on my back.

She wasted no time rolling over on her side right next to me. I didn't have time to give Heather another though before Stacy had my hard dick in her hand and was kissing me again. That's all it took, I was ready to fuck the slut.

I put my hand under the hip she was laying on and pulled her on top of me. Her lips never left mine. She threw the blankets off of us and sat up. She started to gently grind her panty covered pussy on my cock. By now her panties were soaked. I grabbed her hips, hooking my thumbs into the waistband, hinting to her to take them off.

She rose up a little, grabbed my dick, pulled the crotch of her panties to the side, adjusted my cock just right and slowly lowered herself onto me. Inch by inch she slowly lowered her tight cunt down my dick. About halfway down my dick started throbbing, she had the tightest pussy I had ever been in and I wasn't sure how long I would last. Once she got the entire length of my dick in her she sat just sat there for a moment, with my cock pulsating in her tight little pussy. I grabbed her hips to hold her still. I could tell by the look on her face that she thought I was about to blow my load in her. I'm sure I wouldn't have been the first to cum way too fast because of her unbelievably hot, wet, tight pussy.

Once my dick stopped throbbing I ran my hands up her sides to her cute little c-cup tits. She grabbed my wrists and asked, "Did you cum?"

I acted like that was the dumbest question ever, "Of course not," I said. But we both knew I had been right on the edge.

She started to grind her pussy on my dick. I was in her deep. I could tell I wasn't the biggest cock she had ever had in her, but I would have bet I was close.

It didn't take long for my hands to find their way to her ass. I was getting tired of the slow grinding and teasing, I was ready to fuck her. She leaned forward and started kissing me again. I squeezed her ass cheeks and raised her up, stopping just when her pussy was at the edge of my dickhead, and then lowered her back down my shaft. Like a good little slut she let me set the pace even though she was on top. Her pussy was so hot that my dick actually got cold when it was out of her, and she was so wet I could already feel her pussy juices running down my balls.

I got a little faster with each stroke. When I pulled her down, each time I pulled her down harder than before, and I started thrusting up into her. She kept her lips on mine and her tongue in my mouth through all of the pounding.

When she broke the kiss and buried her face in the nape of my neck I knew she was close. I was right. It wasn't long at all before her whole body was shaking. I knew she came, her pussy got wetter, hotter, and so tight I had to stop fucking her. Each time I pulled her down on me after she started shaking it was harder and harder to get my cock all the way in her. I was still rock hard, and on the last thrust in her I thought my cock was going to bend. If there hadn't been a slight pain involved I probably would have came with her.

I let go of her ass and held her, rubbing her back and sides. It took a couple of minutes before she stopped shaking. Her pussy felt amazing through all of it, clenching my cock over and over.

She sat back up and started moving her hips again slowly. I slid my up into the front of her panties putting my palm where her bush should have been. I gently pushed the area and used my thumb to play with her clit. The whole area was soaked in her pussy juices. I don't know if it was because of my thumb on her clit, or maybe she was just clenching her muscles because she wanted it to be over, either way, her pussy started squeezing my cock and I knew this time it was going to push me over the edge.

I grabbed her hips, pulling up, "I'm going to cum," I told her.

She didn't get off of me, instead she gripped me with her legs, used one had to play with her clit and with her other hand she reached behind her and grabbed my balls. That was all it took. I shot my load deep in her tight little snatch, and I came a lot. 

After I finished cumming in her she laid back on my chest, my dick still deep in her, still throbbing. We held each other until my dick went limp. She sat up and straightened her panties before lying on the bed beside me, with my cum still in her.

I wasn't sure how long any of that had lasted, but time must have passed quickly. It wasn't long before the alarm I had set to wake me up went. I had to get ready so I could leave and pick Heather up from work.

We must have fallen asleep, when the alarm went off I was spooning her, one arm under her and the other around her. My cock was hard again and already between her legs. "What's the alarm for?" she asked in a sleepy voice.

"I have to get ready to go," I replied.

"How long do you have?" she asked.

I grabbed the waistband of her panties and pulled them down just far enough to get to her pussy, "Long enough to fuck you one more time," I told her.

I had to adjust my cock after pulling her panties down. I got it back between her legs and found her hand already waiting to help guide me into her pussy.

It didn't take nearly as long the second time. Since I had already cum in her once I figured it was okay to do it again. I grabbed her by the hip and thrust deep in her one last time. I kept my dick inside her until it went limp again. We made small talk; I wanted to know she would be okay.

"I'll be back Thursday afternoon," I told her as I got up and started to get dressed.

She just laid there and watched. She was still just lying there when I left. I looked back at her as I was walking out of the room, her panties were still around her thigh and my cum was staring to leak out of her used cunt.

I picked Heather up from work and we went back to her apartment. Most nights we went out for dinner and drinks, followed by a good fuck before going to sleep. This day was no different. But instead of showering and getting ready like usual today she was practically begging to get fucked as soon as we walked in her apartment. On any given day it wasn't unusual for us to walk around in various stages of undress while getting ready to go out. Maybe it was because I had gotten a good piece of strange pussy just a couple hours earlier, I don't know, but seeing Heather strip down and walk around in nothing but her thong got me hard again. I had to have her. I got her naked on her bed, legs spread and waiting for me. When I took my boxers off I realized my cock was still wet with Stacy's cum. It was too late, I had to fuck her. That was the first time I fucked a woman with another woman's pussy juice still on my dick without her knowing. Stacy's pussy didn't have a bad odor, but it definitely had a pussy smell. How Heather didn't smell another woman's pussy I'll never know.

We never left the apartment that night. Instead we ordered pizza, got drunk and fucked all night.

I had to go to work Tuesday. I was hung-over, my dick was sore, my legs hurt and I had no energy, but I was in a great mood. The day before was the first day I'd ever fucked two women on the same day. Maybe it was wrong, but I was really turned on knowing Stacy's cum was on Heather's pussy too.

Thursday afternoon took forever to come around. When I finally left work I couldn't wait to get home. I didn't have to meet Heather until later the next night and I was looking forward to spending an entire night fucking Stacy.

When I walked into my apartment Stacy was sitting in the lazy boy watching TV, wearing nothing but a couple of towels, one on her hair and the other around her body. When I came into the living room she got up, I thought she was going to go get dressed but instead she offered me the chair and sat in the smaller chair next to me. We started talking while I packed a bowl. She told me she was hungry, she hadn't eaten all day. She had eaten all of the food I had and didn't have money for more. I had already planned on taking her out to eat, hopefully getting a few drinks in her before fucking her. I told her after we smoked I was going to pick up some beer for the weekend then we could go eat.

The movie we were watching ended at the same time we finished the bowl. When she got up to change the DVD I packed another bowl. She bent over a few times while changing the DVD, the angle wasn't great, and the towel covered most of her ass, but it was enough of a show to make my dick respond.

When she was finished with the DVD player she came over and sat on the floor at my feet. We started smoking again and I noticed that when she passed the bowl back to me she wouldn't hand it to me; instead she would lay her hand on my lap. She brushed my cock several times, making it a little harder each time. When it was my hit she would adjust the towel that was around her body, offering my little glimpses of her cleavage.

We finished smoking the bowl and I told her she should get ready, that I'd be ready to leave once I smoked a cigarette. She didn't reply. As I lit my cigarette she moved, I thought she was getting up; instead she got on her knees in front of me. She let the towel on her head fall behind her. Her damp hair fell down in a hot mess, framing her face. The next thing I knew she had unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my pants, and was pulling my cock out through the fly of my boxers.

By now I was rock hard, staring down at this hot, blonde slut sucking my cock. She looked up at me and told me to hold her hair. I set my cigarette in the ashtray next to me and gathered her damp, golden blonde hair up into my fist. I picked my cigarette back up and looked back down at her. She was looking back up at me. She licked the tip of my dick then told me to feel free to use her hair to guide her, or pull it, it didn't matter, she said she didn't have a gag reflex.

She started to suck my cock again, taking her time and going up and down real slow. Her mouth felt really good on my cock. I just sat there smoking my cigarette, watching my dick slowly going in and out of her mouth. She wasn't going all the way down, so I wasn't sure what to think about her gag reflex. So far I was just resting my hand on her head.

Once I finished my cigarette and put it out she stopped and looked up at me, "Is this going to make you cum?" she asked. Before I could answer she said, "I don't mind sucking you off, I'll do this as long as it takes, but it might be quicker if you use my hair and fuck my face."

At first I wasn't sure what to think. She went back to her slow up and down sucking. It felt really good but she was right, I was a long way from cumming. On one hand I could sit here and enjoy a long, slow blow-job, she did say she didn't care. But after what she said it kind of seemed like this was making love to her face. On the other hand, I could use her mouth, cum quick and get on with the day. I had never had a woman be so blunt, or okay, with just using her like that. I wasn't going to let that slip away.

I started to use the fistful of hair that I had to guide her up and down my shaft. I could tell she had shifted to autopilot. Almost as soon as I showed some control she showed none. It took me a moment to get the hang of using her head and at first I wasn't doing it much different than she had been.

That's when I realized she told me to fuck her face after I put my cigarette out, I needed both hands. I was already holding her hair at the back of her head; there was no good place to place my other hand. I pushed her head all the way down on my cock, she took it all, I could feel the tip of my dick in her throat, and she didn't have a gag reflex after all. I told her to keep her head there for a second. I let her go, straightened her hair out, then got a good grip with each hand, like pigtails, or handlebars.

I pulled her up, when my cock came out of her mouth she gasped for air. A second later she was stroking my cock. The spit from the back of her throat was slicker than what was there before.

Without any warning at all I pulled her head back down again, all the way down until her nose touched the prickly hairs above my dick. I had never before had a woman without a gag reflex, the head of my dick felt great in her throat. Now I was ready to treat her like the slut she was.

She put her hands on my hips as I started moving her head up and down, fast and forcefully. I got close to cumming so I pulled her head up and off my cock. There were spit strings stretching from her mouth to my dick-head. She looked like a girl in a porno. That only made me want to use her, to fuck her face even more.

I pulled her back down on my dick. This time I noticed when I pulled her hair she sucked harder, when I relaxed my grip she relaxed her mouth. The combination of deep throating and the changing tightness of her mouth were amazing.

I knew I wouldn't be able to last much longer. Plus I was starting to feel bad for her, her eyes were watering, her nose was running, and her mouth was so full of cock and spit that she was slobbering everywhere, my balls were soaked in her saliva. Now she truly looked like a porn star.

I gave her no warning when I came. I forced my cock into her throat and pulled her hair hard. I shoved my cock as deep in her throat as I could get it and she sucked hard. She knew I was about to cum. I really hoped she had no gag reflex but it was too late now. I shot three good streams of cum down her esophagus and she didn't even flinch. I held her there for a moment, basking in the ecstasy of the best blow-job I'd ever had. I also liked the control I had over her.

I didn't move her head, I just let go of her hair, letting it fall all around her head. She pulled her hair back, looked up at me, and slowly slid her lips over my deflating cock, sucking hard the whole time. When her mouth was off of it, I realized I was still harder than I had thought. She was still using one hand to hold her hair back. Her eyes were watering worse than if she had been crying, and her nose was running. She took her free hand and started to stroke my still hard, slobbery cock. I couldn't look away from my personal little slutty, porn star. I wanted to fuck her so bad, so was so fucking hot.

Before I could say or do anything she leaned in and kissed my dick-head, then licked the last drop of cum from the tip. Then she stood up and said, "We need to get ready, I'm still hungry."

She turned and skipped into the bathroom, her ass bouncing nicely. I fixed my pants and lit another cigarette.

She cleaned up really nice, and fast. Before I had finished my cigarette she was back in the living room. Her hair was pulled back into a high ponytail. She told me she'd be ready to go as soon as she washed her face. She was incredibly hot in her tight jeans and t-shirt.

It wasn't much longer and she was ready. We headed to the liquor store about two blocks away. It was a quick walk, about enough time to talk about what she wanted to eat.

At the liquor store I got beer for the weekend, she got a six-pack of Miller Lite, saying she was a light weight. Music to my ears. If she was a slut sober I couldn't wait to see how she would be drunk.

We took the beer back to my apartment then headed back out to the bar, Johanson's Down Under, for dinner and drinks. We each had about three or four beers at Johanson's and the fish and chips dinner special. We talked like old friends. Joked, flirted, and had a good time. We headed back to my apartment just as it was starting to get dark.
