 It has been almost 3 weeks since my encounter with Katarina and I have not been able to get her out of my mind. When I walk into the house and take a deep breath I can smell her perfume and womanly essence. I can touch myself and feel her touch. She hasn't called. "It's not up to us," she said and I guess she was right. I masturbate a lot. I lay on the couch and think of her and within moments I am hard as steel. Barbara and I have made love only twice in the last three weeks. I love my wife with every fiber of my being but it is Katarina I want. More with every day that passes. Our night together was much more than just showing each other a good time.

Barbara hasn't said much about Katarina or the night we spent together. When she arrived home that afternoon the house had been put back in complete order. The bed was made with fresh linen and the sheets washed and put away. Other remnants of the evening were either cleaned up, put away or in the trash. Barbara seems fine, like no remorse or second thoughts. I am surprised but relieved she is not inquisitive. We are the same couple as before but Katarina is always present in my thoughts now.

It's Saturday afternoon and I'm nodding on the couch. There's a game on TV but I'm not very interested, the sound is muted, rock music plays on the stereo instead. I'm rubbing myself lightly, daydreaming. I'm brought out of my reverie by the phone ringing. "Bueno," I say happily into the receiver, thinking it may be Barbara. "Hello, Peter?" a heavily accented voice on the other end replied, "It's me, Katarina."

My heart started pounding, "Hi, beautiful," I replied, trying to sound nonchalant, "I've been thinking about you."

"I think about you all the time," she responded, "I'm sorry it took so long to call, I was afraid to ask Barbara if it would be alright. She is my friend, I love and respect her," she continued, "I would never do anything to hurt her but I need you. I know we can't always be together but I want to be with you as often as possible for as long as possible."

I was overjoyed, here was this beautiful, younger woman telling me that she needed and wanted me, physically and emotionally. Telling me she has the same feelings for me that I have for her. My ego was going through the roof.

"You told Barbara this?" I asked.

"Yes," she said, "she told me that she was totally devoted to you and knew you were to her. She's not intimidated by our having an affair and we have her blessing."

I couldn't believe this. Before this all began I thought a one night stand was impossible and now my wife is giving sanction to a long term, passionate affair. Before this all began I would have thought that loving two women at the same time was impossible, but here I was, head over heels with my wife and my new lover.

I was really ecstatic. "Wow," I exclaimed, "You just made my day, my year!" not able to hide my enthusiasm. "When do you want to get together?"

"Next Saturday," she said, "I'll call you during the week, I have a surprise for you and I know your going to love her."

"Her?" I asked.

"OOPS, Said to much." She giggled. "You'll find out Saturday. I'd love to talk all afternoon," She said. "But I have to get ready for work. I'll call you Wednesday."

"Bye, beautiful," I said.

"Bye lover," she responded, "I can't wait 'til I see you again."

Katarina called on Wednesday and we chatted for a while but she did not reveal any further details of her surprise other than she wanted to get an early start. She suggested a meeting place in town and we would drive one car. "Nonsense," I told her. "We are all friends." Meaning her, my wife and I. "Pick me up here at the house, if we're going hot rodding around, I want to do it in your car."

She seemed really pleased. "That's wonderful, are you sure it's alright."

"Of course". I answered. "We have nothing to hide."

"You're wonderful, God, I want to fuck your brains out!" she exclaimed.

"Not now." I laughed, "Barbara will be home soon."

"I'll get you Saturday, you bastard." She kidded.

"Bye beautiful," I said, "keep that thought."

"I will," she responded, "you can bet on it."

It seemed to take a long time for Saturday to roll around and the anticipation was killing me. At 6AM sharp I heard her Mustang pull into the drive and walked out of the house to meet her. The spring sunrise would soon burn the dew off the grass and the day promised to be clear and warm. The car was beautifully detailed and looked really sharp. Its metallic paint shown multi-hued in the pre-dawn light and she had already dropped and booted the convertible top. The powerful V8 purred quietly as she sat, not yet seeing me, examining her face in the lighted vanity and brushing away a few windswept hairs. As soon as she saw me coming she flicked off the ignition and literally leapt out of the car to meet me.

Her long hair was pulled back from her face and into a ponytail, which she had thrown forward over her shoulder and down between her breasts. She wore a mid calf length simple cotton shift which buttoned down the front to just past her knees. A light sweater was worn over her shoulders and clasped at the neck. Her ears were adorned with gold hoop earrings and she wore a matching gold bangle bracelet on her right wrist with a conservative gold watch on her left. I was again in awe of her beauty and for the first time realized that besides being beautiful and sexy, the lady had a lot of class. The dress clung provocatively to her curves as she hurried up the drive and into my arms, pressing her body against me as she kissed me passionately. Breaking the kiss she whispered, "I've missed you so much." and forced a hand between our clinging bodies to caress my manhood.

"Do we have time for a cup of coffee or do you want to fuck me right now on the front lawn?" I kidded her.

She slapped my arm playfully, "Get your stuff" she said, "I have a big day planned for you and we need to get started."

I entered the house and walked into the master bedroom to say goodbye to Barbara, who was still sleeping. I leaned over her and kissed her, "I'm leaving." I said.

Still groggy she asked, "Is Kat here?"

"Yes," I answered, "she's waiting for me outside."

"Have fun." she told me and then she grabbed my arm. "I love you, Pete." she said.

"I know," I responded, "and I love you more now than I ever have in my life. Thank you."

"Bye." she whispered, "Be safe."

I leaned down and kissed her again then retrieved the go anywhere do anything bag I had packed and walked back outside to meet my lover. She was leaning against the front fender of the car with her arms folded below her breasts. Her ankles were crossed and she was smiling at me as I walked toward her. "Hurry up, slow poke," she chided. I threw my bag into the back of the car and as she lifted off the fender I couldn't resist this beauty and took her into my arms again. I kissed her deeply, forcing my tongue between her lips to once again explore her hot mouth. I slowly began to dry hump against her, grinding my hips into her and bending her back over the fender causing her to moan her pleasure and return the kiss with even greater passion.

We must have been like this for several minutes before she pushed me away, gasping for air. She turned me around so that I was now leaning against the fender and, dropping to her knees in the soft moist grass next to the drive, unzipped my jeans and released my turgid member from its confines.

"I have to taste you," she moaned. "It's all I've thought about for weeks," she went on as she rubbed the head of my cock around her lips. I looked around nervously. Here we were in the middle of a suburban neighborhood with first light just beginning to illuminate the sky and this beautiful, wanton woman was on her knees worshiping my cock. She was not to be denied however and after satisfying myself that no one was watching I told her, "Do it. Suck me off."

"Yeessss," she hissed. "Give it to me, cum in my mouth."

She licked the entire length of my pole and then began stroking me with one hand while the other was rubbing and caressing my thighs. She would engulf as much as she could and suck and lick. She would withdraw for a moment, just long enough to stroke my shaft and beg for my cum again. "Give it to me, cum in my mouth." she moaned, and it didn't take much more of this and I was ready. "I'm cumming." I croaked and began spraying into her mouth. She sucked and swallowed, draining my essence, moaning and humming around my manhood. I flooded her and she didn't lose a drop. She continued to suck until I began to go soft and then released me with a noticeable slurping pop. She sat back on her heels, a look of satisfaction and lust on her face. "Nectar from the gods," she said, "like fine caviar."

I smiled at the reference and drew her to her feet and into my arms, kissing her gently. "You are incredible." I told her. She hugged me then drew away quickly. "Let's get going," she said, glancing at her watch, "we have a date to keep."

"When are you going to tell me where we're going and why?" I asked. She told me the name of a small fishing village on the Gulf about 50 or 60 miles away.

"Do you know the way?" she asked. I nodded yes. "Good," she said parking herself in the passenger seat, "you drive. You'll find out why when we get there."

I pulled out of the drive and onto the street, gunning the engine and shifting through the gears as I started us on our adventure. We cruised through the countryside on the county roads, the Mustang easily handling the bumps and curves at 10 to 20 miles over the posted limit. Early morning saw little traffic on these roads and I was fairly familiar with them. The wind whipped through the car's cabin causing her dress to blow and cling around her curves. She had reclined her seat slightly and laid her head on the headrest, turned toward me, watching me handle the car at high speed, her face an expression of desire and admiration. I couldn't keep my eyes on the road, I kept looking at her wondering what lay ahead for us. She reached a hand over and began to caress my thigh, smiling at me, her blue eyes flashing as brightly as the sun rising behind us as we headed west toward our destination. I slowed the car, I was beginning to get a little distracted and I sure didn't want to get us both killed.

"I want you," she shouted over the wind.

I laughed out loud, "I thought we had a schedule."

She unbuckled her seat belt and began to climb over the console. Rubbing her hands over my chest and down toward my hardening cock she tongued my ear and whispered, "I don't care, I've got to have you NOW. Please stop the car, I want to fuck you so bad." she continued, almost pleading.

The highway was lined with commercial pine forest and it wasn't hard to find a convenient logging road to pull off the highway on. I parked between the rows of trees about 50 yards off the road and switched off the ignition. She was out of the car in a flash, grabbing a blanket from behind the seat and spreading it on the soft bed of pine needles between the rows of trees. I approached her from behind and wrapped my arms around her, grinding my stiffness into her ass through our layers of clothing, rubbing her breasts and vaginal mound with my hands. She threw her head back against my shoulder and turned toward me, her tongue out of her mouth and searching for mine, moaning softly and rubbing back against me. "Yeeesssss," she hissed, "fuck me, I need you inside me."

I turned her toward me and unbuttoned her dress allowing it to fall to the ground revealing her trim body clad only in a plain white satin bra and matching bikini panties. She stepped out of her dress and sandals and lay down on the blanket drawing me down with her. We kissed passionately our tongues tangling and twisting together, her body arched against mine trying desperately for even closer contact. Her hands were busy fumbling with the button and zipper on my jeans, urgently trying to free my manhood. "Help me," she croaked. I reached down and finished what she had started, removing my jeans and underwear in one swift motion and throwing them into a heap with her dress. Now free of its confines my cock came to immediate attention and within a split second she had her hand around it and was trying to pull me on top of her.

I removed her panties and positioned myself between her spread legs, sliding my fingers in and around her sopping slit. She was hot and ready but I wanted to tease a little longer, prolonging her pleasure. I dipped one then two fingers into her and brought them to my mouth to taste. I dipped them in again and twisted and probed finding her g-spot and sending her into spasms of ecstasy. I rubbed my cock around her opening, teasing her while lubricating it with her juices. Her eyes were barely open slits, watching me, her mouth agape, sucking for air.

"NOW, NOW," she begged, "I CAN'T WAIT ANY MORE, FUCK ME PLEEEEAAAASSSEEEE."

I wanted her as badly as she wanted me and in one strong thrust was buried to the hilt in her hot tight pussy. "OOOOHHHHHH GAAAAAWWWWWWDDDD." she moaned as I thrust into her. "PLEASE NEVER STOP FUCKING ME." We thrust and ground our hips together. I pushed up her bra and feasted on her delectable tits, sucking and gently biting her nipples causing her to cry out in pleasure. It seemed like she was having one orgasm after another, her pussy constantly clamping my cock, her copious juices flowing out of her cunt and down the crack of her ass. Her hands were moving up and down my back and clutching at my ass, digging her nails into the soft flesh drawing me even further into her so that I was crashing into her cervix with every push.

"I'M GOING TO CUM AGAIN," she cried out. "CUM WITH ME, CUM WITH MEEE, I'M CUUMMMMMIIIINNNGGGGG, OOOOOHHHHHH GGAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWDDDDDD.

She screamed so loud in her orgasmic bliss a flock of birds was startled out of the nearby trees and took to panicked flight in the morning sun. Spurt after spurt of white-hot semen jetted out of my cock and into her pussy. I moaned and groaned in an orgasm so intense I thought I would black out. "I FEEL YOU, I FEEL YOU CUMMING IN ME." She shouted and had another orgasm, laughing and crying and bathing my face with wet kisses.

We rocked slowly together for several minutes, allowing our breathing and heartbeats to return to normal, the scent of the forest enveloping us. "Why is it so good with you?" she asked rhetorically. Not knowing the answer I replied by just leaning over her and kissing her gently. "We need each other, it can't be anything but. Besides," I joked, "you're the hottest piece of ass I've had in a long time. You inspire me."

She smiled up at me and then, all of a sudden she was brought back to reality. "Shit, we need to get going," she said glancing at her watch again. It was after 8 o-clock and we still had about a half-hour drive to our destination.

We quickly dressed and I pulled the car out from its hiding place and back onto the highway. We stopped at a convenience store for coffee and so Katarina could freshen up, she emerged looking as fresh as she had when she arrived earlier that morning.

Our final destination turned out to be a small marina on the river which bisects this coastal community and the "she" I was to love was a boat that Katarina wanted to buy. Our "secret place" she called it, away from it all. "Isn't she beautiful?" She exclaimed as she led me down the gangplank to the floating dock the boat was moored to. And indeed she was. About 35 feet long with twin six cylinder diesels she promised to be fast and powerful. Fully equipped for fishing or cruising with a full galley and head with a stand up shower you could live aboard for a weekend or a month.

Katarina began to tell me the story about how her estranged husband had sold some of their joint assets in the old country and that was how she was going to be able to afford such a luxury. It seems Barbara had told her how much I loved boats and being on the water and she thought it would be a perfect romantic get-a-way.

"Just the two of us," she said hugging my arm. "I can't wait to feel you inside of me, rocking in time to the motion of the waves." Just as she turned to kiss me our reverie was broken by a male voice. "HELLO!" He boomed. "GONNA TAKE HER OUT TODAY? GONNA BE A BEAUTY!" I turned to see a tall heavy-set man about my age with gray hair and a beard bounding down the gangplank toward us. The floating dock bounced almost violently under his weight as he approached.

Katarina introduced him to me as Craig Harden, owner of the marina who was brokering the boat for a client from down south.

"You guys get acquainted," she said. "I'll get our stuff from the car."

Craig showed me all the technical stuff about the boat while Katarina brought our bags from the car and stowed them in the cabin. It seemed like this baby could go around the world if you had enough fuel. When he was satisfied I knew enough to handle it we fired the engines. "Your wife told me you've been around boats most of your life." he said.

"Did Katarina tell him we were married? Was Barbara in on this deal?" I wondered to myself.

"Yeah," I answered, "plus six years in the Coast Guard."

"Well I think your gonna really like this beauty." Then he climbed off and started to release the lines. Katarina exited the cabin and handed him a check for $10,000. "For insurance purposes," she told me later. "Honest money, it's returnable if we don't buy it."

I eased the boat out of its slip and into the river channel, using the twin engines to easily maneuver through the swift current. Compared to my little bass boat this thing seemed huge. I hadn't been at the wheel of anything this big in twenty years but like riding a bike, the skills never really leave you. After clearing the no-wake zone I began to pick the throttles up a little at a time. The power became immediately apparent.

"I'm going to change." Katarina said, "Be back in a minute." as she disappeared into the cabin again.

She emerged a few minutes later clad only in a tiny black string bikini, literally just two bottle caps and a cork. The contrast with her alabaster skin was amazing and I once again began to get aroused. "Why bother?" I chided her. "You may as well be naked."

"I will be," she said, flashing an incredibly sexy smile. "Just as soon as we're out of sight and then I'm going to fuck you and suck you on every inch of this boat." Then she added, "I want to ride up top." Referring to the flying bridge. "Go on up and take the wheel." I told her, "Then I'll come up. Keep the black channel markers on your right and the red on your left."

I went below and stripped off my clothes and put on my swim trunks. I took the opportunity to check out the cooler and liquor cabinet, which were both well stocked. I grabbed a bottle of chilled Chablis and two plastic glasses. I also took two fresh bananas from a bowl anchored to the dinette table and cheese from the cooler. Looking around I located a coastal chart and a pair of binoculars and with my arms loaded proceeded up the ladder to the bridge and to the start of a day of pure ecstasy. Katarina whooped with joy when she caught sight of me. "Take something," I told her "before I break my ass." She reached out and took the fruit and wine and made room for me on the wide helm seat at the wheel. She cuddled in close as we approached the entrance buoy at the mouth of the river. I opened the chart and handed it to her. "Where do you want to go?" I asked. After looking at it for a few moments she pointed to a small key about 20 miles south and about five miles off shore. "This looks like a good place to start." she said. I plotted a course and rounding the sea buoy brought the throttles up to about 2,000RPMs. The boat came up on an easy plane, the through the water speed indicator read about 15 knots.
