 This story is dedicated to my beautiful wife without whose love, trust and friendship none of the true story I am about to share with you would have been possible. I have read many erotic stories where a husband encourages his wife to have extra-marital affairs. Rare is the story about a wife who encourages her husband to engage in the same activity, and that is how this story happened.

My wife (Barbara) and I are well into our middle years. As a young married couple we had plenty of opportunities to enter the swinging lifestyle with no shortage of couples making it known that they were interested. We had talked about extra marital sex but Barbara always claimed she had more than enough with me. Don't get me wrong, Barbara was and still is a vibrant and exciting sexual partner. For this reason I never felt the need to stray. I assume that she was also faithful although once in a while she would come up with a new sexual technique that made me wonder where she learned it. I should also comment that I don't have a jealous bone in my body. If someone "came-on" to my wife I was only complemented by the fact that other men found her as attractive as I do. She on the other hand was like "...if I catch you fucking around I'll cut your dick off." Although I must admit that attitude has mellowed over the years it in no way gave me a clue as to what she was to propose.

About two years ago I received a promotion and transfer on my job. My wife requested and received a transfer with her company. At her new place of business she met and became friendly with a Russian immigrant girl, probably about 35, she doesn't tell. Katarina is a tall, willowy, natural blond. Absolutely drop dead gorgeous supermodel material. Maybe a little skinny for my taste, but with beautiful small breasts, a real tight round ass and perfect legs that just go on and on. I didn't know they made them like that over there. She was more Scandinavian in looks than Russian and I became fascinated by her even though I had only met her a few times and never socially. I would flirt a little but she would remain cool and aloof.

Katarina was also married but separated from her husband. He wanted to go back and she was well on her way to becoming a naturalized American. She would confide to my wife how lonely she was and sexually frustrated not being able to find a man who was worth having a relationship with. One evening I was picking up Barbara at work and noticed Kat giving me some lusty looks and acting flirtatious. Barbara also noticed and pulled me away. "What was that all about?" I asked as we were driving to the repair shop to pick up her car.

"She thinks you're a stud," she answered. I was intrigued to say the least and I could feel my cock starting to stir. "I guess she got it from me" she continued, "I've told her how you never disappoint me in bed and what a wonderful husband you are and now she wants you." I was absolutely dumbfounded. Was this some kind of a test? We drove in silence the rest of the way, me, lost in my thoughts and obviously so was Barbara. "Let's have dinner at Napolitanos" she said when she got her car, "I'll follow you."

Over a glass of wine at the restaurant she dropped the bomb. "I want you to fuck her," she said in a matter of fact way. I just stared at her not believing what I was hearing. "Show her a good time, put a smile on her face."

All I could stammer was a weak "Why?"

"I don't know." she answered. "Maybe because I'm tired of hearing about how horny she is and maybe because I'm not as sexually driven as you are. I want you to enjoy her as much as I know she will enjoy you."

At this point my cock was beginning to take over my brain. "What if she likes it and wants to continue the affair?"

"Look," she said, "you and I are soul-mates and life partners as well as best friends and old lovers, I know she's going to like it and want more. I trust you," she continued, never taking her eyes from mine, "I'm giving you your sexual freedom, take it."

All I could mutter was "I'll think about it."

Barbara slipped off her shoe raised her foot to my crotch and began lightly rubbing my already stiffening cock. "You've already thought about it," she said with a wicked smile, "I'll set it up."

"Have you made the offer to her yet?" I asked, still not believing my ears.

"Of course," she answered, "do you think she would have come on to you in front of me otherwise?"

And set it up she did. She told me the next day that the date was made when both ladies had a full weekend off together. Barbara decided she would spend the weekend at our daughters' house in a neighboring community. She also decided it would be best to use our house where we would be much more comfortable than in a hotel room. "Not in our bed." was her only demand. This would give me only about two weeks to "buff-up" but I would be ready.

What I was not ready for was the stunning beauty that stood before me when I opened the door that evening. I do not exaggerate when I tell you she looked like every man's wet dream. She was dressed in a sheer white silk blouse. A beautiful, flowered lace bra shown through just enough to see. A slight chill in the night air had already stiffened her nipples into points straining at the thin material. Her short black skirt was loose enough to allow easy foreplay but snug around her sexy ass and flat abdomen. Her gorgeous legs were encased in sheer black silk stockings and her feet were adorned in heeled white sandals with ankle straps. Her make up was perfect, highlighting her fair skin with just a touch of blush and a beautiful shade of lipstick highlighted with just enough gloss to make them look wet and ready to be hotly kissed. Her long blonde hair was done in loose curls cascading down to her lower back. "You look fabulous." was all I could think of to say as she slowly brushed by me to enter the house. In her best broken English she responded, "I hear you are not so bad yourself." and placed a light hot kiss on my lips. She carried an overnight bag just large enough to hold a few changes of clothes and other personal items, ready to spend the night. As I watched her enter the living room my only thought was "...oh my God, Barbara, what have you done?"

"Let me put that in the guest room" I said, taking the bag from her hand, "make yourself at home." After dropping off her bag I walked into the kitchen and asked her if she would like a glass of wine.

"Red, please" she answered. I brought our drinks to the living room and was stunned. I didn't know which was more glowing, the candles and scented-oil lamps which provided the light or the beauty casually sitting on my sofa. She had positioned herself in the center so that no matter where I sat I would be near to her. She allowed her skirt to ride up her beautiful thighs high enough to expose the lace stocking tops held in place by white lace garter straps. Another button on her blouse was undone so that when I sat next to her I had a clear view of the satin and lace bra enclosing her breasts. We talked for awhile, sipping our wine and letting each other know how we felt about this night. I drank in her beauty and enjoyed the feelings of arousal permeating my groin.

She told me that her husband was sexually dead and had been for many years. I couldn't imagine why she had stayed with him for so long. "He takes care of me in other ways..." was all she would say. I touched her hand and she was in my arms immediately. Our kiss started gently and gradually grew in intensity. My tongue penetrated her slightly parted lips and she opened her mouth to allow my tongue to explore and intertwine with hers. I sucked her tongue and lightly bit her lower lip causing her to softly moan and begin lightly digging her nails into my back.

I laid her down and shifted my weight off of her. She raised one leg up onto the couch causing her skirt to ride up to her waist revealing white satin and lace panties and garter belt, perfectly matching her bra. I broke our kiss and began to fully unbutton her blouse, kissing and licking her hot skin as I went. I paused at her navel to give it a nice tonguing, a little preview of things to come. I am an oral sex junkie, I'd rather suck than fuck anytime and this lady was going to receive all the oral pleasure I knew how to give. I worked my way back up to her breasts and undid her bra. Her nipples were about half an inch long and stiffening at my touch.

Moving the bra to the side I began to tongue her nipples and aureole while one hand was gently massaging her other breast. She continued to moan softly as I slid my other hand over and under her bunched up skirt to gently massage her pussy through her panties. She pulled me up for another kiss, this one much more demanding and urgent than before. My lips were mashed against hers, my tongue probing every square inch of her hot mouth. I was finger fucking her and rubbing her clit using the silky material of her undergarments for more stimulation. I slipped my hand under the lacy leg hole and brought a piece of the lace with me to rub on her clit. She came violently, pushing at my chest with all her strength, tearing at my shirt. Her hips were thrusting up to meet my probing fingers.

"OHHH.... GAAWWWWDDDD...... I'M CUMMING.....FUCK MEEEEEE......" She moaned as she thrashed around under my touch.

Before she had settled down from this orgasm I was determined to bring her to another. I untied her sandals and slipped them off her feet. I slipped her soaked panties off her legs and began to kiss and lick her feet and suck at her toes. I worked my way up her calf and spread her legs further as I got past her knees. I paused at the tops of her stockings to rub my cheek against the silk and lace and view the most beautiful pussy I had ever seen. It was outlined with down soft blonde hair, her wetness shining in the soft light like diamonds and the outer lips had opened like a flower revealing her clit peeking out of its hood. Her womanly scent and the perfume she wore were intoxicating me. I could not wait any longer. I positioned my hands under her ass, lifted her slightly and brought her delectable cunt to my eager mouth. I licked and sucked around the lips, pulling at them and opening them further, I inserted my tongue as far into her red-hot box as I could. Her hips were in constant motion now. She had her legs firmly wrapped around me so that I couldn't move away if I had wanted to. I coated a finger with her ample juices and began rubbing it around her tight rosebud ass hole. She raised her hips a little higher and relaxed her leg hold. Taking the hint, I moved slightly downward and began to tongue her ass just as I had done her pussy moments before.

She was moaning constantly now. I wanted her to come in my mouth. I wanted to taste all of her love. I wanted to swallow it, God! I wanted to drown in it. I moved up and took her clit between my lips and began to suck on it while thrashing it with my tongue. She shrieked, pulled me into even closer contact and came. It was like a floodgate of pent-up desire had opened within her. Her juices flowed like a river as she ejaculated into my hungry mouth. I licked and sucked her. I was in heaven. She kept screaming profanities in her native language, "SUCK MY CUNT..." "SUCK MY CUNT...". Without hesitation I did as she asked and continued to lick her gently as she settled down. I fully intended to bring her to another orgasm this way but she had other ideas. She grabbed my head and pulled me to her for another passionate embrace and kiss. She licked my face and lips, enjoying the taste of herself. She probed my mouth with her tongue until she was satisfied she had cleaned me up then she gently pushed me away and stood up.

Turning toward me and in one easy motion she shrugged off her blouse and bra. She reached behind her and unhooked her skirt allowing it to drop to the floor. She was almost totally nude now, wearing only the garter-belt and stockings. I drank in every inch of this beautiful woman presenting herself to me. Her deep blue eyes blazed with passion as she spread my legs and got down on her knees between them. Her entire body was a crimson flush, her skin almost feverish to the touch. She laid her head on my thigh and began to stroke my cock through my pants. I reached down and undid my belt while she was pulling down my zipper. I raised my ass off the sofa allowing her to remove my pants, taking my silk boxers with them. She brushed her hair away from her face and laid her head back down on my thigh. I was less than an inch from her face, my cock was hard as steel and as big as I can ever remember and I could feel her hot breath on me as she examined it. Already oozing drops of pre-cum I was afraid I was going to lose it and cum all over her hand.

She weighed it in her small hand, cooing and talking, ..."soooo big... beautiful cock..." She took a finger and rubbed it around the head, smearing my juices all around the tip, then brought the finger to her lips smiling at the taste she discovered. Circling my cock with her hand, she gave it a pump, causing another drop to appear. She flicked out her tongue, licking the drop from the head and brought it into her mouth. "UMM." She moaned, obviously liking the taste. Her other hand was busy on my torso, pinching and caressing my nipples and lightly scratching my abdomen. On the next pump, she brought her mouth down and engulfed the head, digging into my slit with her tongue. It felt like ten thousand volts of electricity had just shot into my body through my penis. My head flew back against the sofa cushions as a loud moan escaped my mouth. She drew her head back bringing a long string of my ooze with her. Her eyes blazing into mine, she whipped out her tongue bringing most of it to her lips and into her mouth some of it dripping on her chin.

Pausing a moment, she reached down and picked up her panties from the carpet and wrapped her hand and panties around my cock and began to stroke me again. She brought her mouth down over my prick taking about three inches and began to suck. Her tongue was busy lapping up all the juice she could handle. My entire cock was soaking from my juice and her saliva. She pulled off and bathed my pole with her tongue, licking every inch, her hand steadily stroking me. Her other hand had found its way under me, lightly thumbing my balls while her middle finger was gently probing my ass. Again she engulfed about three inches of my cock. "SUCK ME OFF..." I cried, now longing for release. I'M GOING TO CUM..." I moaned giving her fair warning. Instead of pulling away she dove deeper, trying to get even more of me into her mouth. Her hand was blur as she jacked me off into her mouth, sucking and tonguing me furiously. She was moaning and whimpering around my cock. Her ass was raised in the air, rotating and thrusting backwards as if some invisible cock was entering her from behind. She was cumming! She wasn't even touching herself and she reached her third climax of the young evening. It was all I could take. The first shot rocketed up my shaft and into her hungry mouth, causing her to gag slightly. She removed her jerking hand and tried to jam every inch of me down her throat but it was just too much, releasing my shaft the second shot hit her in the face. "YESSSS." she screamed, "CUM BABY, CUM IN MY MOUTH." and dove back down to devour me. Gobs and gobs of hot come shot out of my cock and filled her mouth to overflowing. She sucked and swallowed until I started to subside. Her soft, fragrant hair hanging loosely around her head and my thrusting hips intensifying the feeling. She let my cock drop from her mouth and began rubbing it all over her face murmuring, "yess.....you taste sooooo gooood." I felt like she had drained my soul. I was quickly losing control of the situation. What had started out as what I thought to be a mercy fuck was quickly turning into one of the most intense sexual encounters of my life and I was totally lost in it. She was seducing me, she was giving me everything she had. She was not very experienced but her enthusiasm and natural instinct had me longing for more.

She got out from between my legs and slithered up my body, kissing and licking, finally reaching my mouth for another tongue tangling, soul baring kiss. I could taste my own cum and began to lick all around her mouth and face reveling in the taste of it mixed with the taste of her makeup. Her hair was cascading all around us as she rubbed her tits over my upper body. Her perfume with the odor of fresh sex and the scented candles enveloped us and I was hard again in minutes. She reached around behind her and moaned a soft "...OH YES" when she reached my hardness. "I've got to have this inside me now," she breathed.

She turned around and with two fingers of one hand spread her pussy while the other guided me toward her opening. In one good downward push she had me inside her, groaning in her delight. Her cunt felt like hot wet velvet as she engulfed my entire length. I don't think I had ever been in a pussy this tight. She began bouncing up and down as I thrust to meet her. Her hands were grabbing at her tits, pulling and pinching her nipples. I reached a hand around her and flicked her clit causing her to shudder and shriek. She was tossing her head causing her hair to fly wildly. I was beginning to get close again. The familiar feelings of impending orgasm began deep within me. "TURN AROUND," I commanded, "I'M GOING TO CUM SOON AND I WANT TO KISS YOU WHEN I DO." In a flash she was off me and lying on her back on the soft carpet. Her legs drawn up and out as she held them apart revealing her hot wet cunt. "FUCK ME," she exclaimed, "GIVE IT TO ME GOOD." I was on her in a heartbeat, jamming my cock into her. I pounded into her so hard I was afraid I would hurt her but she gave it right back, arching her back and throwing her hips against me. Her legs were wrapped around my back and she was moving them up and down, rubbing the silk stockings against my ass and legs. She continued thrusting up to meet my downward thrusts, her head thrown back, eyes tightly shut and her mouth open as if she were gasping for air while muttering obscenities. "......oh fuck, oh God, fuck me." I leaned down and kissed her deeply. She broke the kiss and cried out. "YES,YES..." "KISS ME, FUCK ME, CUM IN MY CUNT I WANT TO FEEL YOU CUM." I needed no further encouragement and dropped my second load deep into her as her pussy contracted around my cock as she had her own orgasm. I just kept cumming and cumming and didn't stop pumping her until I was soft.

My chest was pounding as I lay on top of her with my head by her breasts. I was able to hear her ragged breathing and pounding pulse. We stayed like this until she quieted down and my soft dick fell out of her pussy. "That was incredible" she whispered. "I've never been fucked like that in my life." I rolled off of her allowing her to sit up to regain the rest of her composure. "I'm going to freshen up," she said rising to her feet, "Don't go anywhere, I'll be right back."

I wasn't going anywhere. This woman was giving me a night of lust and passion I hadn't experienced in years and I was going to make the most of it. While she was gone, I took the opportunity to turn on the CD music mix I had made and loaded a soft core French porn flick from the 60's into the VCR. Hitting the play buttons the room was transformed into a mini theater as mood music played over the stereo and the film opened on the big screen TV with the sound muted. I extinguished most of the candles and freshened our drinks. I picked up her clothes from where they lie and placed them neatly on a chair. As I picked up her panties, I deeply inhaled her scent from the wetness and again received an immediate stirring in my loins.

She returned to the living room wearing a mid-thigh length, peach colored silk robe, held only slightly closed by a single tie at the waste. As she walked the robe opened at the bottom enough to reveal matching peach colored silk panties. The garter belt and stockings were gone and she was not wearing a bra. "Why Peter," she teased as she looked at the scene I had created, "are you trying to seduce me?" and plopped down next to me on the sofa. "I thought about seducing you from the first time I saw you." I confided. She giggled and tucked her legs up under her as she cuddled in. She had washed her face, brushed out her hair and lightly reapplied her make-up. We kissed and fondled each other, rekindling the passion slowly and not paying a whole lot of attention to what was on the screen. We necked and petted until almost 2AM when the movie came to an end. She began tonguing my ear and whispered "take me to bed."
