 I just want you guys to know a few things. 1: I don't have this all written yet, so the updates might be a bit sporadic. 2: I have read all your responses, and deeply appreciate each and every one, even if I don't respond. 3: Eve is on the pill. There will be no pregnancies in this story.

*****

Michael:

I didn't follow her. I was at the track for my own workout. I'd never seen her there before, at least, not after we were out of junior high. I watched her running slow and steady around the track, and got hard remembering our sexual encounter. I didn't understand why she could affect me like she did. But ever since that night two weeks ago I wanted to make her mine. Make her obey and understand that I owned her body, that what she thought about me made no difference in the way I could make her feel.

It made no sense. I didn't even like her: too damn smart and stuck-up about it. But she wasn't too smart to get taken over by hormones like the rest of us mortals.

When the sprinklers on the field came on, I expected her to bolt, cover up her hair, something typical of girls. Instead, she laughed and just stood under the arches of water, getting soaked, her face up and her arms open to the sky. 

I watched the water mold her clothes to her body, not difficult considering she wasn't wearing much; a sports bra and shorts. Her hair was up in a bouncy ponytail, making me think of holding onto it as I entered her from behind. She would take all of me, would whimper for more. 

I wanted her, and I was going to take her.

After a few minutes standing in the water, she began to make her way back towards her car. The way the place was set up, you had to walk through the playground to get from the parking lot to the track. I stood hidden by one of the few trees in the playground, waiting for her to approach me.

As she moved closer, I saw her nipples were hard against the bra. She gasped and stopped in her tracks when she spotted me, but recovered quickly.

"Hello, Mike," she said, mock sweetly, sneering at me. She was dripping wet and beginning to shiver as night fell. And despite her appearance, I wanted to make her my property, to brand her somehow.

She stepped back as I moved forward. Something in my expression must have given away my intentions, because she kept retreating until she backed into the monkey bars, the structure towering over her head and to both sides. Her eyes finally broke our gaze to glance around. I caged her in, and could hear her breath coming fast.

I lowered my mouth to hers for a wet, hungry kiss. She groaned slightly, struggled briefly in protest, but was soon kissing me back, her fingers digging into my shoulders.

I pulled away, caught her hands and brought them over her head. I held both her wrists in one hand while I fumbled with her workout shorts with the other. I finally got the drawstring out, and I set to work tying her up properly.

"You're kinky," she said, smirking, then protested when I drew one hand down her back until her elbow pointed straight up and her back was arched. She tried to pull her other arm away, but I simply overpowered her and finished.

Satisfied that she was completely at my mercy, I stepped back, taking in the whole picture: her panting breaths did interesting things to her breasts, and water droplets glistened on her exposed stomach. Her head rolled back and forth, looking for anyone who might be around.

I moved closer until I could reach her bra. "Hmm," I said conversationally. "I've never seen a sports bra with a front clasp before."

She gasped as I freed the first two hooks. "You're...you're not going to..." she stammered, then trailed off as I flipped the last catches open and spread the material wide, exposing her breasts to the world. "Wait, Mike," she said, biting her lip and searching the growing darkness for voyeurs.

I leaned down until I could reach her mouth again, prying her bottom lip from between her teeth. "Michael," I said, then bit her myself, delving into her mouth to kiss her deeply. While she groaned and kissed me back, I rubbed my hands together, warming them with the friction. When they were hot, I placed them over her damp, chilled breasts.

She arched into my palms as high mewling noises escaped her throat. She snaked one of her legs around me and tried to pull me closer. I pushed her knee away, but she just raised the other one. "No," I told her sternly, pushing her leg down again.

"Why not?" she asked defiantly through her panting breaths.

"Because I said so," I growled, then grabbed both her hard, sensitized nipples at the same time and pulled firmly. "And if you don't obey, I'll find something else and tie your feet, spread-eagle against the monkey bars."

Her shudder this time was fear, not arousal, and I left it at that. I didn't want her totally immobilized; just those grasping, clawing hands. My mouth traveled downward, bringing the arousal back into her through her breasts. I lapped at her nipples for a while, reveling in the whining, sighing, moaning sounds I coaxed from her, glorying in the wanton restricted moves of her body.

I kneeled, dragging her shorts down her legs. "Kick them away," I commanded her. I felt her tense at the order, but she did as I said. "Just think," I murmured against the skin of her belly, playing with the cotton panties she wore. I kept my voice low, careful not to shatter the spell around us, but I knew my voice would float up to her ears. "Just think," I repeated. "Anyone who comes by could see you here. Naked. Tied. Helpless with lust." I began to work her more-than-soaked underwear down over her hips. "Wet. Exposed for the world to see. If they looked." I licked one finger and slid it inside her, and she whimpered, her hips rocking fast, trying to get more of me in her. I obliged, two more fingers sawing in and out of her, until she was sobbing with pleasure, this close to coming.

"What's my name?" I asked, deliberately raking the tips of my fingers over her G-spot as I remove them. Then I leaned forward, lifting one of her sneaker-clad feet to the first rung on the monkey bars, exposing her pussy to me. Even in the slight illumination left she glistened with moisture. I leaned forward and took her clit into my mouth.

"Michael!" she nearly screamed my name in orgasm.

Nearing the end of my rope, I stood, leaving her barely supporting her own weight, gasping and limp as she came down from the high, from the pleasure I'd forced on her. Before too long, my cock was free from my jeans.

I stepped towards her, then into her, pressing her sweaty frame against the cold metal bars at her back. Then I grabbed a cheek in each hand and hiked her up until her legs clutched my waist tightly.

I wasted no time before plunging deep inside her. She was tight, but not too tight; almost a perfect fit. I began sliding in and out of her, building the pace until the white light of orgasm griped me and I froze.

As I came to, I realized I was still fully clothed except for my cock buried inside her. Her chin was pressed into her chest, and her breathing was slightly quick still sawing in and out of her mouth. 

I moved off her and noticed she was shivering from the chill in the air, her nipples still puckered.

She lifted her head when she heard my pants zipping up. "All right, Michael," she said wearily. "You've proved your point. Now let me go."

Obviously I hadn't proved my point: she still thought she could order me around. I had to prove that when it came to her hormones, I owned her. I moved back to her, and kissed her, hard, as erotically as I know how.

She was panting and tried to follow my mouth when I pulled away. "No," I said, referring to her order.

"You're not going to leave me here, are you?!" she asked frantically. "Someone will see me! I'll freeze to death!"

I turned to leave, waving her panties over my shoulder.

Panic increasingly laced her voice as she called out to me, growing wilder. I only stopped my lazy pace when I heard her finally whisper, "Please..."

I stepped back towards her. "I'll let you go," I whisper in her ear, my fingers trailing over the ropes holding her wrists to the crossbar. She sagged with relief. "If," I added, then paused.

"If what?" she demanded warily, and I could feel her heartbeat grow faster.

"If you come to me whenever I call you. Give me your cell phone number."

"Why?" she asked, gulping in slightly panicked breaths. I braced to push away from her, acting as if I were leaving again. She blurted out her number before I could move more than an inch

"I'll call you," I told her. "I want you where I tell you an hour after I hang up. No more than an hour, but you're allowed to be early."

"Why should I?" she demanded, sounding a bit like her old self again. I don't really mind that too much; her confidence is kind of sexy. But I don't want her acting superior to me when I can reduce her to an orgasmic puddle in just a few moments.

"Because if you don't," I said menacingly, "I'll write your name, numbers and address on every men's room wall I see. And," I added when she only looked a little convinced, "that you like to be taken rough and in public places."

"You are such a fucking bastard," she spat at me, squirming against her ties. "Let me go and I won't call the cops screaming 'rape.' How's that for a deal?"

"You were a willing participant."

"Willing?" she screeched. "You come out of nowhere, scaring me half to death, tie me up--"

"You never said 'No,'" I interrupted her. "If you'd said no I'd've stopped." I pressed closer. "But you liked it," I whispered, bending until my breath fanned over her neck. I watched her breathing speed up, watched the goosebumps rise on her skin. "You enjoyed it when I made you helpless." My fingers moved to the knots in the rope, then trailed lightly down her arms, until my palm covered her breast, her still-hard nipple drilling into my hand. "When I exposed you." I watched her eyes close as she tried to control her breathing, tried to control the pleasure I was giving her. My fingers continued down to her pussy, our combined juices making her very wet. "When I made you come," I whisper, then fasten my mouth onto her skin, just above the top slope of her breast.

I sucked, nibbled, and licked at her skin while I continued to play with her drenched quim. I rolled, pinched, rubbed and fucked her core until she nearly came again.

I could feel her building to the peak, and stopped. As I pulled my mouth away, I was satisfied to see a hickey forming, with bite marks around the edges. It took all of my control to keep my breath steady as she watched me, her eyes glassy, begging me to finish what I'd started. Her eyes latched onto my tongue and lips as I suckled erotically at her juices coating my fingers. She was breathing too hard to even groan when I slid my hand down her body one last time before pulling back.

"You'll do all that," I said, my voice frighteningly calm, "because you like it." I freed her arms. "Of course, this changes nothing about our relationship. We'll act as we always do in school."

She frowned, looking nervous for the first time that I could remember. "You-you won't hold anything I say at school against me...well ...here?"

I knew people would be really suspicious if she stopped insulting me, so I shook my head. "Nothing you say can be used against you," I joked.

She didn't smile, just continued to dress; I hadn't expected her to respond. I headed to the car, but only after one last check that her panties were in my pocket. Another trophy to add to the thong I'd found in the SUV. I wonder how many different kinds of underwear she has.

It was another week and a half before I call her with the signal. I'd done the research for this, and was looking forward to it. Only the day before, she'd worn a low-cut shirt for the first time since our tryst at the playground. That meant the hickey I'd given her--what I'd come to think of as my mark--had faded enough to be covered with makeup. 

I would've given a lot to see her face as I told her explicitly what to do and when.

*****

To be continued...