 With a last longing look in the ladies' room mirror she shook her hair, trailed an elegant finger over her beautiful cleavage and reapplied her blood-red lipstick. Her pupils were vast and black, still dilated in luscious memory of the brutal fucking that had just been delivered by the maître d'.

But that was merely the appetiser. This night was far from over and she beamed as she sashayed back through the main restaurant towards the private dining room. She passed the maître d' at his station and deliberately thrust her magnificent tits against him as she passed. In retaliation, he grabbed her arse cheek, still raw and tender from the earlier spanking, and pinched and twisted the delicate flesh, re-inflaming her desire and turning her body into liquid fire. 

She tossed back her hair as he smiled courteously.

"Bonsoir Madame...," he said politely while leaning forward and whispering, "you filthy bitch...", agressively into her ear.

"Merci Stefan," she said aloud, ensuring the other diners were listening, "and my compliments to the Chef this evening, that meat was just divine, so very rich and filling."

"Merci, Madame, I will pass on your compliments. And I can personally recommend the cheese course, I would be delighted to bring the trolley through later this evening."

"Let us see how we feel after the other courses Stefan. Perhaps you should mention the cheese to the Chairman?"

"Of course, Madame." He bowed elegantly catching her gaze with a look of such burning lust in those black Gallic eyes that her pussy sent volts of electricity belting through her body. She nodded back graciously, at the same time licking her blood-red lips slowly and deliberately. They smiled and she passed. Such an entertaining game.

She swayed back through the main dining room towards the private room. Enjoying the looks of appreciation she attracted with her dark red hair and shimmering red silk sheath dress. Sleepy cocks began stirring inside their expensive underwear as she passed. They were twitching to attention, primal instincts driven wild by the scent of expensive perfume mixed with cunt juices and thick French cum drying over her arse. She loved the wet, hot feeling of her juices mixing with Stefan's still warm semen trickling down her inner thighs as she walked. Her pussy was burning with desire and buzzing with the anticipation of the night still to come.

With a deep inhalation, she arrived at the private dining area. Let the entertainment commence. She had started it earlier with the provocative display with the hot buttered asparagus spears and now it was time to let these boys play.

With an elegant sweep, she swung open the heavy wood doors and let the noise, heat and smell of expensive cigar smoke, citrussy aftershave and hot testosterone flood across her senses. Their smells were combining with her own musky juices and perfume to create a heady cocktail of desire which ripped through her body like wildfire. They should bottle that she thought, primeval lust with a hint of aftershave and cigar. Perfect. 

She scanned the room – the fat bankers were still guffawing and guzzling red wine as they rammed big slabs of bloody meat into their mouths. The whole sight was pure erotica – rich powerful men dressed in expensive suits but still in their souls, primeval cavemen burning with lust and desire and raw animal passion. She was very, very excited.

Stefan the maître d' was now standing by the Chairman, bent over and whispering into his ear. They were both staring directly at her as she entered the room – hard, black eyes fixed on her.

With a gesture the Chairman beckoned her over. The other guests sensed the change of tension in the room and the braying laughter diminished – slowly being replaced by a pulsing, expectant silence. Her high stiletto heels rang out across the marble floor, punctuating every step as she got closer and closer to the Chairman. A few lascivious comments accompanied her walk hinting at what may be to come.

The Chairman looked up as she reached his chair. Cold, hard eyes were burning through her entire body, right down to her throbbing cunt. He was pure male beast – rich, powerful and in control and she would do anything for him. Anything he commanded. He closed his eyes and tilted back his head to inhale deeply. Like a wolf scenting her, reading her deepest secrets from the air seeing, simply through smell, her wet, dripping pussy and cum covered arse twitching in anticipation of more abuse.

Without a word he stood, spun her round and bent her over so her arse was up in the air and her head down between her knees. She gasped as she felt cooler air caressing her buttocks and felt the silk of her dress on her previously bare back. Her round naked arse was now on display to the whole table. She could feel her swollen clit pulsing in excitement and a thousand nerve endings on her buttocks responding to the greedy, lecherous stares.

She gasped again as her legs were spread wider. Her cunt and arse were opening up to these men, desperate to be filled over and over and over again. Long, firm fingers spread open her labia and she jumped as cold, hard metal touched her burning clit. It was like ice burning on her sex – a sensation so intense and so painful it became exquisite pleasure.

It was a spoon she realised. The bastard was using a fucking spoon to scoop out the remainder of Stefan's seed from her body. He was brutally scraping it across her vulva, like an impatient father cleaning up a messy child. She wriggled in protest and earned a stinging slap across the buttock for her reward. The flesh, so tender from Stefan's earlier ministrations, sang out in pain but was quickly overtaken by the sensual glow of blood racing through her body to protect her delicate skin.

Scraping over, he spun her round again to face the table. "Yours I believe, he said, as he gripped her hair and began pushing the silver spoon towards her mouth. She resisted, playing the game to the full, tossing her head this way and that, trying to win this power struggle. The grip on her hair intensified and her head was yanked back and locked into position.

"Open your mouth, you spoilt bitch. We want you clean for the next course."

She was quivering with excitement and a frisson of fear at his power. They could do anything to her here in this private room. The thought made her pussy burn with more intensity. Used, abused and worshipped. A divine and heady combination.

Power struggle lost, she succumbed. Her soft red lips began to open as the spoon came closer – a thick, unguent mix of cunt juice and cum – richer than a béarnaise sauce, more musky and intense than the finest truffle, this was fine dining at its very best.

The spoon was forced into her mouth. The cold, hard silver was shocking against her hot, wet mouth. She took the contents and swirled them around her tongue, savouring the exquisite salty, earthy flavour. 

"Swallow it.", he said. She obeyed, gagging slightly at its thickness – like a very fine oyster freshly ripped from its pearlescent shell. Then, opening her throat, she took a deep swallow and relished the thick, luscious wad as it slipped down inside her. 

The table burst into spontaneous applause. Wolf whistling, bawdy remarks, lewd calls and laughter. She took a deep bow, thrusting her tits towards them, inviting them into her magnificent cleavage.

The Chairman smiled appreciatively. This woman was intense and thrilling. His cock was pulsing with anticipation. The thousand blonde faceless beauties he favoured were rapidly diminishing into distant dull memories as he savoured this ripe, voluptuous vixen who took such pleasure in her own senses and raw animal passions.

"Stefan," he commanded, "we are ready for the desserts..."