 Normally I like the snow. This day was an exception to the rule. Being one of the only girls in the ROTC class, I tried extra hard to show that I wasn't weak. The snow was being troublesome though, and it was made worse by the sheer layer of ice beneath. 

What compounded the problem was that I was the rifleman today which means when we were moving in single file, I was at the very rear so that the ice was exposed and I had already slipped once. I was so mad at myself because the squad leader for today was evaluating our abilities. This meant his following behind me and seeing every little mistake that I made.

"McFadden!" He would bellow, "When we halt, don't just take your knee. You need to face the other way to cover the rear!!"

Ten minutes later would yield, "McFadden! Don't just drop in the middle of the trail, go find cover!!" Oh, yeah. Like the rubber guns we were carrying were going to cause so much damage.

"McFadden!" Would be shouted again in moments despite my best efforts. "When you find cover you have to go to the opposite side of the trail as the man in front of you."

"Yes sir." I would growl through gritted teeth. Shit, this was a first year coarse. Only this prick would be riding me this hard. Everyone knew what a hard ass he was and everyone was glad that they weren't me.

We switched from single file to traveling in a standard wedge formation witch planted me way out on the left flank totally exposed to enemy fire, or in this case, Cook's bombardment. 

"McFadden!" I stiffened. "watch your spacing, we're not traveling overwatch here!!"

Oh sweet Jesus, this guy needed a good kick in the balls! I positively steamed as I increased the following distance between me and the automatic rifleman. As I brooded on what an asshole Cook was, I suddenly realized that I had lost sight of the man to my forward right flank.

Shit. I thought. Now I'm gonna have to find my way back and tell the commanding officer that I got lost. As I stood there contemplating the horrors of that kind of humiliation, I heard the crunching of snow under boots to my right. I turned and groaned. It was Cook. That was literally the last thing that I needed.

"Goddammit McFadden!!" He yelled. "Can I not leave you to do a single thing and expect it to get done in any semblance of a proper way?!"

I threw my weapon in the snow and ripped the K-pod from my head. "That is it you sack of shit!! I can't take it anymore!!" I strode up to him and looked up to glare him directly in the eyes. "This is a two-credit, entry-level military science course. I took it for fun and to learn a little more about how I am being protected in this country and it takes a bastard like you to ruin it for everyone!!"

"Ruin it? Ruin it!" he shrieked. "What the fuck are you talking about?! I am trying to train you people into soldiers. That is my job and I'm gonna do it despite your incompetence!"

"Job?!" I shrieked in reply, "This isn't a job, your being graded on this and everyone knows your nothing but a tightass prick on a power trip!! This is not boot camp, this is supposed to be fun!!"

His eyes bulged and his nostrils flared. "You whiney bitch!" he growled "You can just suck my dick for all I care what you say!"

"Well maybe I..." I stopped short as I had glanced him up and down in a contemptuous way only to find the front of his pants straining to contain a raging hard-on. I was confused for a moment until I realized how turned on I was. I had no explanation for it. One minute I hate the guy's guts, and now I was so horny it hurt.

I looked up into his face and he must have seen my expression because his hand hooked around the back of my neck and he pulled me in for violent kiss. He ground his face into mine and I responded in kind. I was suddenly aware of the rough bark of a tree pressed into my back.

I reached down with one hand to stroke the front of his pants. oh yes. I thought. he is ready! I fumbled with the buttons in the front of his pants trying to release this throbbing beast. He too fumbled with buttons, but at the front of my blouse. Once finished with the buttons, he tore my undershirt up and went to work on my breasts.

They were large and I had to wear a sports bra to this class and it concealed their true size. I finally finished with my efforts and reached into his pants to pull out his cock. I couldn't see it, but I could feel it's size and girth. I caught my breath as I began to stroke it up and down. 

"Shit." he murmered into my neck. "I've wanted to fuck you for so long!" I was confused again. Why be such an ass to me especially. Oh, I see. He would have to cover something like that up. He always tried to exibit such a sense of command and restraint, even if it wasn't fooling anyone. 

He had undone the front of my pants as well without my noticing and now he dropped them to my ankles and hooked one muscular arm under my right leg to lift me onto his throbbing member. The cold air hit me like a wave making me aware of every sensation threefold. I reached up the tree and grabbed a branch so as to pull myself up too. When he was finally sheathed inside me he began to pound hard and deep. "Oh fuck!" I screamed. The feeling was incredible! "Shit." he groaned into my neck, "Your so fucking tight!" I had never been banged by such a big prick before, and I was glad that I was so wet, and so aroused. I wanted more.

"Deeper!" I commanded "I want you deeper, give me all of it!"

"There's only one way to do that." he stopped and tore off my field jacket and blouse and threw them over a half-downed tree, and with little more effort, he flung me over them. I was now standing bent double over this log when he rammed my pussy from behind.

Small sparks flew in front of my eyes as I took his full length for the first time. My head flung back and I moaned. In this position he could not only thrust deeper, but harder and faster too. I bit down on the field jacket to prevent from screaming wordlessly, though muffled shrieks still emitted at each trust. He too grunted at the exertion and force of each pound.

My cries increased in pitch as I came closer to my climax. Then I felt a slap on my ass. A hard one, and it sent me flying into a frenzied orgasm. As my whole body convulsed with the intensity of my release, he groaned as he too released. His prick convulsed as he shot load after load deep inside me.

We stayed there for a moment heaving with the exertion and sweating despite the cold. When he had regained his breath, he pulled out and looked at his watch.

"Shit! We're supposed to be back at the armory for finale formation right now."

"Shit!" we dressed as quickly as we could, I picked up my weapon and Kevlar, and we triple-timed it back. The squads were already in formation when we arrived, and we quickly took our places. Standing at attention, I could not look to the side, but I could feel the heat of Cook's body standing beside me.

With the command to stand at ease, I widened my feet and crossed my hands behind my back. I began to feel a drop of cum ooze down my leg, but I ignored it. Finale formation went by quickly, as usual, but on the command to fall-out, the commanding officer pointed to Cook and myself and said, "You two; over here."

We walked over and stood before him. My heart was pounding. Was there any way for him to know what we did? He asked why we were late. And I quickly replied, "I'm afraid it was my fault sir. I got separated from my squad and cadet Cook had to come and find me sir."

This was followed by a lecture from the captain about punctuality and how important it was in the army. We endured it without comment and when he had finished, we were the only three left in the building.

"Great." I said, "My ride left."

"You'll just have to ride with me." he said coolly "Where do you need to go?" 

"Travis hall." I replied

"Yeah, I'll take you."

We went out to his truck and got in. He started it and began to drive. We didn't speak for a while and I decided that I was still horny. "Cook." I said "has anyone ever given you road head before?" my left hand was over rubbing the inside of his thigh. He glanced over at me and half grinned. It was the closest thing to a smile that I had ever seen from him and I decided to take it as a yes and dive right in.

He moved his seat back a bit to give me room and I again unbuttoned his pants. I reached in and pulled out his rod and I gasped. Though he had fucked me from two different positions, I had not actually seen it until now. Even semi-hard it was beautiful. I moaned as I went down on him. He was soon hard again and I pulled out to look again.

I smiled and took in the head. I love the feel of a man's engorged penis head. It's so soft, yet firm. Cook had a particularly nice one. His cap was large and well shaped. And the ridge around it was particularly defined. It was that ridge that had so thoroughly stimulated my G-spot into such an intense orgasm. 

I began to feel a hand on the back of my head pushing up and down. His pelvis also moved slightly to meet my thrust, until he suddenly pulled my head up and said "Wait! I can't cum in here. If my girlfriend finds any jiz in here, she'll have a fit."

"You fucker." I replied playfully as I gently squeezed. I continued to stroke him occasionally until we pulled into the parking lot and I gently guided him back into his pants and buttoned him up. We got out of the car and into the building. We were the only two in the elevator, and as soon as the doors closed we on each other. I grabbed the sides of his head and he grabbed my ass as we kissed savagely.

The elevator finally stopped on my floor and we went as fast as we could down the hall without calling attention to ourselves. The arousal that I had lost upon hearing of his girlfriend was now back and stronger. I unlocked the door and we ran in to lock the door behind us.

This had been a double room but I bought it out when my room mate moved out earlier in the year. I had pushed the two tiny beds together to make one very large bed and I was glad that I had.

We were once again on each other and flinging off camouflaged pieces of clothing. My room was carpeted in green black and brown by the time we stood naked before each other. I undid the strict bun in my hair and let my dark red hair fall down my back. 

I slipped to my knees in front of him and went to work on bringing him back to orgasm. He had both hands entwined in my hair now and was mouth fucking me. I was proud of myself that I had only gagged once or twice, which was quite a feat considering his size and the vigor of his strokes. When he finally pulled out to spurt his hot sticky cum all over my face and breasts I was so randy that I rubbed it all into my breasts like an oil and then licked my fingers clean.

When he began to turn away, I grabbed his shaft and growled, "Oh no you don't. I'm not nearly done with you." I guided him by the tool to the bed where I forced him down and straddled him. I paused to take a good look at him. I smiled in approval. His arms and chest were muscular and tight as were his amazing abs. PT was doing this body good.

It didn't do mine too badly either. I knew that my body was amazing. I worked hard to make it so. My tummy was flat with just the slightest hint of the abs beneath. My arms were well toned if a little muscular for some men's taste. My legs were lean and strong, but well shaped and my ass was a perfect heart shape. My breasts were large but firm and at the moment the nipples were hard with arousal.

Just looking at his toned body made me ooze wetness, and I wondered if my body turned him on as much. I moaned as I went down to suckingly kiss his lightly haired chest. I moved my efforts down his front until I reached his enticing treasure trail of fur leading to his magnificent rod. 

I went back to kissing and licking his cock, but only long enough to make him hard enough for my needs. When he was ready, I went back to straddling him and leaned forward until my face was before his and my breasts rested in his chest. I rested a hand on either side of his broad chest and whispered "Do I turn you on?"

"Yeah." he groaned.

"Do you want my Pussy again?" I ran my tongue out to trace his lips and he growled and grabbed my ass to pull me onto his throbbing member. "Ah, ah, ah." I warned as I backed off just a bit. "You have to say please. You have to say you want it." I rubbed the swollen lips of my cunt on the head of his cock.

He moaned and squeezed his eyes shut and replied "Oh yeah, I want that tight little snatch around my cock. Please baby let me fuck you."

"Mmmm. When you put it so nicely." I reached down and slipped him inside. I rocked my whole body back onto him and then forward again. I pounded hard and my breasts swung and bounced against his chest. I soon proved too much for him and he exploded inside me. 

"Oh fuck." he mumbled "I've never come so fucking fast in my life!"

I laid down on his chest and purred "It was good for me too. If I ever feel like a booty call, you're the first one on my list. Don't worry, I'll make sure not to let your girlfriend get suspicious."

He looked at me and said "She never fucked me like that before, if we break up over it, it would be well worth it." I smiled and winked at him then slid to his left and tucked myself into the little nook at his side and we both fell asleep.

When we woke up later we lazily fooled around a bit, but we were both more than satisfied so we said our goodbyes and he left.

I lay naked on the bed we had just shared and wondered if he would go so hard on me next class period. I certainly hoped so!