 My eyes scanned the bar from our corner booth, slowly and casually. No one was paying any attention.

Good.

I repeated the scan and caught someone's eye from across the floor.

"Someone is watching us, " I breathed into her ear. She jerked toward me, turning her back to the room and faced me and tried to push my hand from between her legs. I was leaning into her shoulder in the booth with my back to the wall, my left arm around her shoulders. I squeezed her shoulder and muscled her back around like she was but withdrew my fingers from her pussy and  lifted my right hand up and rested it on the table. Three of my fingers were glistening.

"Oh god," Suzanne moaned and started to look guiltily around the room.

I slightly raised my voice. "Don't look around. There's a young girl all the way across the room. She's sitting with a tableful of people and she hasn't said anything to them. None of them have turned or are looking. She's keeping this to herself. She is looking right at me right now, like she has been." 

I looked deeply into Suzanne's beautiful blue eyes then I raised my slippery fingers to my lips and slowly put them one at a time into my mouth, sucking her sweet nectar from them. I leaned closer so our faces were almost touching and drew on her shoulder. She turned to face me and we kissed, her lips soft and yielding, her mouth opening to mine. I broke the kiss before she wanted me to and whispered, "I think,  that if you wanted to, we could have a third." 

Suzanne's eyes flicked into mine, her wetted lips were still slightly parted. She looked, like she had looked all evening, slightly terrified and about ready to laugh. I held her stare with a serious look and moved my right hand back down to her lap. I looked deeply into her eyes as I slid my hand from her knee up her inner thigh, moving her short skirt up farther and father with my wrist until I found her sweet wetness once again. Judging from the soaked condition of her skirt back and her pussy, this whole scene was making her wild with want. My middle and forefingers glided into her hole and pressed against her G Spot as my thumb resumed circling and stroking her clit. Suzanne's eye closed and she inhaled sharply, her breath hitching several times. I would have to watch out for her, I thought. I could easily fall in love.

Suzanne and I are coworkers. We are both married. Recently, I began heavily flirting with her on the job and she responded. I like Suzanne for her wit and for her dark personality streak (personal problems with her no-good husband causes her pain which makes her angry - angry women turn me on) but I want her for her beauty. She has four children, is 39 years old but has maintained her body. She's 5'8" and about 140 curvy pounds with full breasts and hips. She has dark, almost raven hair about shoulder length and her blue eyes are the color of the Caribbean sea. Intelligent, sexy, fiery and flirting with me...Score!!

Not really. She has been seeing this other guy at the office, he's from Sales, the fuckers up there get all the office pussy. So anyway, Suzanne has been seeing Tom (hairclub for men). He's always hanging around her cubicle. One day I had to talk to her about something and I just interrupted them. She seemed relieved. After he left, I told her I was sorry for interrupting them and she told me she wished he wouldn't hang around so much. After that, we started flirting and soon exchanged personal emails. We agreed to meet in a chat room after work. 

For a couple of months we'd meet there off and on and soon we were talking about having sex. She talked dirty, but she seemed reluctant. One night, I was online and got an instant message from Suzanne. I had had a little to drink and I decided to cut through all the bullshit and told her I wanted her right then, right now. My wife was working and Suzanne's husband was sleeping off a drug-induced haze. To my surprise, she said OK. 

We decided to meet in a popular bar that was about halfway between our two homes.  I thought I'd try something different and see where it'd get me. I told her I'd meet her in 30 minutes and that I wanted her to wear a short skirt and no panties. She typed "OO U bad boy :)" and we logged off.  I quickly got ready. In the back of my mind I figured she wouldn't show, but I got cleaned up anyway. As I drove to the bar, I thought if she did meet me, she'd be wearing jeans (and probably long underwear underneath!)

Imagine my shock when she arrived (early) wearing a short black skirt, heels, and a button down top which was unbuttoned to show a generous portion of cleavage. I was glad I had had a few drinks to help me carry this off.

I had told her to arrive at a certain time wearing certain clothes and there she was. I had her figured now.

I was sitting at the bar. I stood to greet her and leaned in and kissed her mouth. The move startled her, but she recovered and opened her mouth to return my kiss. I briefly darted my tongue into her mouth and she returned the favor. She tasted sweet and smelled wonderful. 

I ordered her a drink and we moved from the bar to a booth in the corner with our backs to the wall. As she slid in next to me, I put my arm around her shoulders. "You look great. You're wearing the skirt and I love that blouse." I moved closer and was obvious about looking down into her cleavage. Her milky white breasts raised toward me as she inhaled (and pushed them out?). I put my right hand on her knee just below the hemline of her skirt. 

"Did you follow all my instructions?" I asked playfully, "Did you follow my demands to the letter?"

She looked at me half playfully and half frightened, then darted her eyes around the room. She quickly put both her hands on top of mine and pulled my hand toward her crotch. "See for yourself," she choked. I had never seen this side of Suzanne; this vulnerability, this excited, giddy, frightened little girlishness.

My hand was halfway up her smooth thigh, but my cock was completely hard and straining at the crotch of my dockers. I would have to be careful. I didn't want to leave a precum stain on the gray material. She looked directly into my eyes, searching. I met her stare calmly and smiled at her. I don't think I'd ever wanted a woman so much. I'd never been with a woman this bold.

My hand crept slowly toward the goal line. I began to feel in control and slowed down, easing the pressure of my hand to gently stroke her inner thigh, moving my palm and fingers back and forth in soft circles. Suzanne removed her hands from mine. I leaned into her ear and said huskily, "Suzanne, you are so exciting. You're a good girl to be here for me like this. I'm going to give you an orgasm sitting right here in this bar, in front of all these people. You can make as much noise as you want, but I'm not going to stop until you cum all the way - all over my fingers." 

My index finger brushed against her silky pussy hairs and continued until it pressed against her soft cunt lips. She jerked up in her seat slightly and inhaled sharply at my touch and  I continued to press against her lips. She shifted her legs around and spread them further, lifting her left leg slightly and moving her right leg toward me to open herself to my touch. My finger pressed in between her lips at this movement, and I immediately felt the heat and wetness of her cunt flow across my fingers and palm.

She was frantically looking around the room.

Looking guilty, I thought, so I breathed, "Just relax you hot, sexy woman. I'm here for you. I'll make sure we don't get caught. You just sit there and enjoy this. Mmmmm. You dressed up for me, you're so sexy, I'm going to give you something that you've never had before. Just relax and enjoy the feeling." I drew out the words "relax" and "feeling."

Suzanne made a little noise and I leaned forward and kissed her cheek as my middle finger slid up and down between her wet lips. I moved my finger slowly  to the full extent, rubbing across her clit with my fingertip, circling it gently, then gliding down between her lips, past her vaginal opening into the space between her pussy and her asshole, pressing gently into that sensitive area then drawing my hand up again to caress her clit. 

"I can't believe I'm letting you do this. I can't believe you are doing this. This guy from the office..." she broke off as the frightened look came into her eyes once again.

I moved my lips from her cheek and she turned her face to me and we kissed deeply. She grabbed my wrist with her left and hand pulled it urgently into herself while her right hand grasped my bicep and pulled my upper body into our kiss. I knew she was into this, so I rewarded her by suddenly jamming my finger into her soft pussy to the hilt. She moaned and exhaled into my mouth as we kissed. I inhaled her breath, breathing her air as I  pressed my middle finger fractionally farther into her wetness. I used my thumb to tease her swollen clit. She moaned louder into my mouth and pulled harder on both of my arms. I began finger-fucking her harder and faster, taking care not to use too much arm action, so we wouldn't be noticed. I realized we had been kissing deeply for a long time and might attract attention. I broke the kiss.

Her eyes were shut tight but when our lips parted they opened and she looked at me. Perceptibly her grip on my arm and wrist loosened. She was losing her passion and becoming aware of her surroundings, the public place, the other people in the room. I held her gaze intently. "No, Suzanne, you had it right, I've got my finger up you. I'm fingering you, you sexy babe. Your skirt is pushed up to your waist. You feel the air on your pussy? Feel that?"

"Uh-huh," she whimpered.

"We are being very very nasty and very very bad, Suzanne,"

My finger slid back and forth, my thumb plucking her hard clit. "You are being finger-fucked by your coworker in this bar. You are so wet and so open. I can feel you wanting this. You are so bad. I want you to cum all over this seat and my hand," my thumb plucking faster and faster at her engorged clit, my finger sliding faster and faster, my voice chanting into her ear.

Suzanne's eyes widened and she let out a short, animal, burst of air. I slid my index finger into her next to the middle and making a "come here" motion inside her cunt, gently raked my fingertips across her sensitive G Spot, my thumb never stopping the strumming of her clitoris. Her legs convulsively widened a fraction, then clamped together hard around my hand and wrist. Her left hand again yanked against my wrist, pulling me into the vice-like grip of her thighs.

"Oh my God," I sighed, more for her than for me, "Oh God yes," I whispered directly into her ear. "Cum you nasty girl. Cum on my fingers you bad slut."

Suzanne made a noise like "Oh,"  and her thighs clamped together. Her pussy closed completely around my fingers as she spasmodically grabbed at my wrist with her other hand. She closed her gorgeous eyes and her body jerked silently for several seconds before she began to relax and breathe once more. She inhaled deeply, held it, then let it out slowly.

Her thighs relaxed, her hands let go my wrist, her pussy released both my fingers and a flood of wetness in a torrent. I leaned into her ear once again. "I think I'm in love with you Suzanne." And we both started to laugh. 

"Whew!' she exclaimed, " I haven't had as good an orgasm since....since....never!" and she again breathed deeply.

I kept my fingers slowly working inside her and began to scan the room to see if anyone had seen us.

To be Continued...