 As always thanks to my editor Cheer_Smartie526. These characters have a bit of a history, but the story should still work even if you have not been following their adventures.

*****

The package arrived at three in the afternoon, late by Victor's standard. Fiona noticed the driver was cute, and wondered if Victor had arranged for that detail as well. It was possible that someone who could pass for Thor dropped the box off, or perhaps someone had given fate a little help. Either way, she stood in the doorway and watched until the boxy truck disappeared from sight, wondering if he had another job as stripper, he certainly had the body for it. As she turned to walk back into the house the anxiety that accompanied her outings with Victor made its presence known. It wasn't a bad thing, it was similar to the feeling she had when riding a roller coaster for the first time. It was the same combination of fear and desire she felt as the car slowly inched up to the first big drop. Sometimes she felt like she was in the front car, and sometimes the back. This time she wasn't sure, but the contents of the box would be the first clue.

Normally she would open a package in the kitchen where it was easier to dispose of the packaging, but today she took it back to the bedroom and set it on her dresser. She considered leaving the box until after she put her makeup on, but decided to see what the outfit looked like before settling on a look. Fiona pulled her T shirt over her head, for some reason she had adopted the custom of getting naked before opening Victor's boxes. When the shirt hit the floor, she reached back and unfastened her bra, then let it fall to the ground as well. She unbuttoned her shorts and pushed them and her panties down, letting gravity take over once the garments got past her knees. The image of her nude body stared back at her in the mirror. If she had not been expecting the delivery she would not have bothered getting dressed after showering. When she was home alone she rarely got dressed until she left the house, and sometimes when Frank was home she would remain topless. 

The swelling from the Brazilian wax was gone, and she had no doubt that Victor would appreciate the fact that her sex was complete exposed. Usually she made do with a razor when Frank wanted her hairless, but there was no denying that waxing resulted in smoother skin. There wasn't even a hint of stubble, she observed as she ran her fingers over her newly bald skin. The moment her fingers brushed against her soft flesh the temptation began its siren's song. Seconds later her nipples began to swell and a grin spread across her face. She looked at her reflection and nodded. Victor would be pleased.

The sound of her phone ringing startled her out of her nascent fantasy. She glanced down at it, fully prepared to let it go to voicemail, but when she saw it was him calling she decided to answer.

"I see the package arrived," Victor said.

"Hello, I'm doing fine, how are you," she replied, a bit annoyed. His direct nature was both a blessing and a curse.

"I'm better now, what do you think of the outfit?"

"I haven't opened the box yet."

"What are you waiting for?"

"I had to take my other clothes off first."

"Had to?"

She laughed, "Yes, don't you take off one set of clothes before you put new ones one?"

"So you are naked?" he inquired.

"Yes, very much so, thanks to you," she said, dropping her free hand back to where it had been before he called.

"I'm told they do good work there."

"They do, I feel as smooth as silk, oh, so smooth."

"What are you doing?"

"Just appreciating what you arranged for," she purred.

"Could you be a bit more specific?"

"I could," she said, grinning, "but I won't." There was a hint of strain in his voice and she decided to exploit the fact that she was in control for now.

"You know I don't tolerate..." 

"Disobedience?" she teased, then spread her legs apart. 

"Yes, there will be consequences."

"I know, but I bet just knowing that I'm naked and touching my pussy is making you hard," she said as she spread her lips apart. It was entirely possible he would make her re-enact what she was doing while he watched, but for now they would both have to use their imaginations.

There was no doubt in his mind that the correct thing to do was hang up the phone, but he rationalized that her actions would justify what he would do to her later. It was tempting to demand that she tell him exactly what she was doing, but he chose to remain silent and listen. The sound of her breathing fueled his imagination, perhaps more than her words ever could.

Fiona let her eyelids drop, but didn't shut them. She could still see her naked body in the mirror, but her mind added the image of him behind her. He was standing with his hands at his side, dressed in a snug white V-neck T-shirt and tight button fly jeans. In his left hand was a black leather flogger. She set the phone on the dresser and pressed the button for speaker phone, wondering if it would pick up the sound of her fingers as they slipped into her pussy. She didn't consider herself an exhibitionist, but the idea of putting on a bit of a show suddenly sounded very appealing. With her left hand she cupped her breast and with her right she stroked the soft pink flesh between her legs.

"Oh, oh, oh," she moaned, and in her fantasy he took a few steps forward, the thin tendrils of the flogger swishing back and forth. Goosebumps began to form and she wished Victor could somehow teleport himself into the room. Lifting her hand she draped her fingers on her shoulder, then slid them downward, pretending they were the leather strips of the flogger. When the pads of her fingers brushed against the swollen nipple she lifted her hand again and slapped the side of her breast. A pleasant tingling sensation began to form behind her navel. With two fingers she encouraged the budding climax, spreading the lips of her pussy apart and pressing her thumb into the newly smooth skin above her clitoris. Taking a breath, she felt her breasts rise up. With a light touch, she followed the contours of her body, starting on the outside edge of her right breast and finishing by tugging on the nipple of her left one.

"Ah, yes," she said. She wasn't talking to the Victor that was on the phone, but to the one she imagined standing behind her. She could feel his stern gaze and imagined the sting of the flogger on her ass, making her pay the price for her defiance. Her right hand took on a life of its own, two fingers plunging deep into her pussy over and over again.

After pulling the amber skin of her nipple taut she let go, then slapped her hand down onto her tit hard enough to make it sting. Before the sensation faded she was sliding a hand down her body, then lifted it again and delivered an open handed blow to her ass.

She had forgotten about the phone that was sitting on the dresser, inches from her sex and she loudly thrust her fingers deep into her pussy. As her climax grew closer she slapped her breast, and then pinched the amber pebble that topped it. In her mind it was Victor's flogger that made the skin on her breast sting. She imagined his lips inches from her ear, demanding that she make herself come for him. 

The sound from the phone was driving him wild with desire. Not only could he hear her breathing transition from slow and deep to rapid and shallow, but he could also hear the wet sound as she fingered her pussy. He had seen her naked enough that picturing her body was easy. The image that came to mind was her standing next to the bed, bent at the waist with her hands on the mattress. Her breasts swayed slightly as she rocked her ass from side to side. He imagined her cheeks spread slightly, teasing him. There were several things that he knew were off limits, but one of them was a constant in his fantasies. His cock ached as he focused on the mental image of her taunting him. 

"Oh, oh fuck, I'm going to come," she moaned. As a cloud of euphoria closed in around her she thought she heard a grunt emanate from the phone, but it might have been her imagination. Her knees grew weak and she put one hand on the dresser to keep from falling over. As her climax faded away and the fog of her fantasy parted she looked down at the phone.

"Are you done?" Victor asked, sounding a bit weary.

"For now," she replied.

"Did you come for me?"

"Yes," she answered dutifully, and considered asking him the same question, but decided not to.

"You better get ready, I'll pick you up in two hours."

The phone clicked and the phone call was over. Fiona looked at her reflection in the mirror, she was covered in sweat. "Shit, I need another shower."

Feeling refreshed she once again approached the box, this time avoiding the mirror and thus the temptation of another fantasy. She spread the clothes out on the bed. The labels were high end, but the actual outfit bordered on slutty. The skirt was quite short, the bra was sheer and low-cut, she wasn't sure it would actually cover her nipples completely. The blouse looked like it would be a loose fit and would probably show plenty of cleavage. The most unusual part of the ensemble was the underwear. She expected a thong, but instead he had sent her what looked like boy shorts. She put them on first, and the selection made a bit more sense. Like the bra the material was very thin, and the fit was quite snug. The outline of her labia were quite clear; apparently Victor was a fan of camel toe. Next on was the bra, which covered her nipples, but just barely, as she expected. When she finished dressing she opened the shoe box. As usual, Victor's choice of footwear was excellent; a cute pair of heels that were just tall enough to make her legs looks good, but short enough to be comfortable. She took the blouse off and went back into the bathroom to put on her makeup. When she saw her reflection in the mirror she smiled at how she looked. The bra was quite sexy; she hoped she got to keep it on long enough for Victor to get his money's worth out of it.

With ten minutes to spare she finished her makeup and put the blouse back on. As she suspected, it showed off her breasts but managed to cover the bra. When Victor arrived she was sitting in the front room flipping through one of Frank's magazines.

"Good evening Fiona," Victor said when she opened the door.

"Good evening Victor," she replied, taking him in. He was wearing almost exactly what she had dressed him in for her fantasy; snug fitting jeans and a T shirt, but instead of a white V neck it was a black crew neck with his company's logo on the front. A pair of casual leather shoes and matching belt finished the outfit.

"Where are we going tonight?" she asked.

"I thought we would go play some pool, and if the food there isn't up to your standards we can have a late dinner somewhere."

"And then?" she inquired.

"That all depends on you."

They walked out to his car, a Land Rover. Even though the back windows were tinted she could see that the rear seats were folded flat and there appeared to be a few blankets spread out, or perhaps covering something up. He opened her door for her, and shut it once she was seated, then walked around and got in.

"The outfit looks even better than I imagined," he said as he started the car.

"Thanks. You hung up before I got a chance to look at it."

"That call was, uh, intense. I wasn't sure if you would ever get dressed if I stayed on."

"You say that like it's a bad thing."

"Not at all," he replied, visions of a weekend with her at a clothing optional resort filling his head, "but I wanted you to get some use out of the clothes." 

Throughout the duration of the trip she expected him to turn on to a deserted road and order her into the back of the vehicle. She was a bit surprised that the journey was uninterrupted.

When he told her they were going to play pool she envisioned a smoke filled room full of shady characters, but when he turned off the road she realized they were at a country club.

"This isn't a pool hall," she observed.

"It is tonight. The club got tired of casino nights as a charity fund raiser, so they brought in some billiard tables."

Any concern she had about being under dressed faded as they walked across the parking lot. The cars were upscale, but the people getting out of them didn't appear to be. Some of them were dressed casually, but others had decided to embrace the theme and wore the trappings of the stereotypical pool shark. Fiona saw both men and women carrying the distinctive case of a pool cue.

"I have to confess I'm not very good at pool," she whispered to him as they approached the clubhouse.

"I can teach you all you need to know," he promised. She didn't miss the double entendre.

The party was in full swing when they walked in, but Victor managed to secure a table for them. He handed her a pool cue then set up the balls.

"It's just physics," he said to her as he guided her to the table. It had been years since she had played this game, and her first shot showed it. The balls rolled wildly around the table, but none found a pocket.

"I suck," she lamented.

"You do, and very well, but that doesn't have anything to do with pool," he whispered in her ear, "you will do better next shot."

The couple they were playing with had dressed up, making Fiona wonder if they were into role playing, or just liked dressing up. Whatever the case, they were pretty good at billiards, sinking several balls in a row. When it was Victor's turn he put them in the lead. Now it was the other woman's turn; when she leaned over the table to take the shot her breasts almost fell out of her low cut dress. It was an impressive sight, and Fiona wondered if it was going to be a distraction for Victor. She made her first shot, but missed the second. 

"Do you mind if I help her?" Victor asked their opponents.

"Go ahead," Nick replied.

Fiona felt Victor's body press against her and his hand run along her arms.

"Grip the shaft firmly, but not too tight," he advised, positioning her hands on the pool cue. 

It took a conscious effort to focus on the stick in her hands and not think about him instructing her on how to stroke the shaft between his legs.

"Bend over the table, but keep your balance."

Gravity pulled her blouse open and Fiona felt exposed, but excited at the same time.

"Now put this hand on the table and spread your fingers apart. Let the shaft slide over your hand. Look at the ball and look at the pocket. Now imagine the ball rolling up the edge and dropping in."

Fiona could feel the other couple staring at her, but she wasn't sure if they were looking at her tits or were amused that she needed a lesson. She drew the pool cue back and thrust it forward. The white ball hit its mark with a loud click and the target vanished from sight.

"Very good," Victor said, sounding quite sincere, "now line up on the seven balls and do it again."

As she lined up the shot she felt his hands on her ass.

"Back up a little, and a bit to the right," he said, guiding her into position. 

She felt like everyone in the club was looking down her blouse, but she felt more excited than embarrassed. The other woman, Rae, had not been shy about showing off her tits, and Fiona decided she wasn't going to be either. This time the ball caught the edge of the pocket and bounced away, and it was Nick's turn again.

Fiona took some comfort in that everyone missed their next shot. The game continued with Victor giving her an occasional lesson. Much to her surprise Rae turned out to be a better player than Nick, and ended up coaching him, just as Victor had coached her.

The game ended with Rae sinking the final shot, and Fiona was a bit surprised that Victor was quite gracious in defeat. They took a break from the game and made a pit stop at the buffet line. The menu was typical pool hall food, but the quality was much better than she expected. 

They picked up their pool cues again, but Victor nodded towards the corner, "Come with me, I dare you."

Intrigued, she followed. Shoved into the poorly illuminated spot was a bumper pool table.

"I thought you might want to warm up before the next game," he offered, tossing a few balls onto the table.

Fiona lined up and took a shot; the cue ball glanced off its target.

"Slow down and aim just below the center," he said, putting his arms around her again.

Once again she took her shot, this time the ball hit solidly.

"Very good, care to make it a bit more interesting?" he asked, sliding his hand across her abdomen.

The question was just a courtesy; there was no way she could refuse him. Fiona knew she was under his spell, but that wasn't a bad thing. His hand slipped under the waistband of her skirt and into the snug fitting underwear.

"So smooth..." 

His fingers glided across her mons and slipped between her legs. She felt something part her labia.

"I was hoping you would be wet..."

"And?" she replied.

"You have yet to disappoint me."

A second object slipped past her nether lips.

"I trust you know what Ben Wah balls are?"

"Yes, but these are from you, so I'm sure they aren't just steel balls. Are they ribbed for my pleasure?"

The corners of his mouth turned upward, "Guilty as charged, I can make them vibrate with a remote, I'll see about ribs for version 2.0."

A light bulb went off in her head, "I understand why you didn't give me a thong now, but I assure you my Kegel muscles are up to the challenge."

"I'm sure they are, but I didn't want you to be embarrassed if you sneezed at the wrong time," he replied.

Fiona laughed, in his own twisted way he was trying to show his concern for her. It would be mortifying if one of the balls were to fall out of her pussy when she was leaning over to make a difficult shot.

"Are you sure it's not too much of a distraction?"

"I guess we will find out," she replied.

The balls were not the only distraction. Both of their opponents were quite attractive, and Fiona found her eyes being drawn to the way Nick's jeans hugged his ass and the way his muscular arms handled the pool cue. There was no doubt Victor was aware of the way she was mentally undressing Nick, the question was would she be rewarded or punished for her wanton behavior.

Not to be outdone, Rae would always find a way to stand opposite whoever was making a shot and lean forward enough to show off her ample cleavage. It was difficult who to tell she preferred showing off for, but as the game progressed Fiona started to think she was the intended beneficiary. 

Each time she sunk a ball Fiona felt a pleasant buzzing deep in her pussy, and looked up to see Victor with a mischievous grin on his face. It occurred to her that she was being treated like Pavlov's dog, but decided to enjoy the evening and address any grievances she had with Victor later.

With Victor's coaching they managed to win a few games, but not as many as they lost.

"I'm hopeless," she said dejectedly.

"I think you need lessons in a more private setting, there are too many distractions here," he countered.

"You know you are the source of some of those distractions..."

"Yes, but not all of them," he replied, nodding towards Nick and Rae.

"You say that like it's a bad thing."

"Good, bad, it's all just for fun. Are you turning down my offer?"

"And that lesson would be at your house?"

"Yes."

"Just the two of us?"

"Unless you prefer otherwise. I'm betting half the men here want to fuck you, and probably a few of the women too; I think Rae has made that obvious."

As his words bounced around in her head Fiona remembered the beach trip with Victor. It had turned into a gang bang with her as the center of attention. While it wasn't an unpleasant experience, she didn't feel like being shared tonight.
