 "C'mon, it'll be fun! Worth it," you plead.

I look at you incredulously. "You can't be SERIOUS! You can't be. Serious."

You grab my hand, ignoring my qualms and reservations. You pull me up the stairs to our bedroom, flinging open the double doors like a showgirl on a game show, revealing our king-size bed, adorned with plain uniform white sheets, white pillows, and a brass headboard. At the foot of the bed is an empty trunk, which we've never used, but on top of it are five paint cans, filled to capacity.

"It didn't matter what I said! You were gonna force it on me either way!" I complain.

"What are you complaining about? Don't be such a square. Let loose, this is for your own good." you counsel.

I realize the stupidity in which I protest, and submit to your will. You order me to lie on the bed. I comply. You cock your head, and tell me to get off the bed. I roll my eyes.

"What are you playing at now?"

"You know what the plan is, don't you?" you ask. "Let's not beat around the bush. Well, let's not beat around the bush just yet. Strip."

I finally take a deep breath and let myself slip into your fantasy wholeheartedly. I unbutton my collared shirt, pulling it up to untuck it, and let it slide down my arms onto the floor. You watch with a captivated amusement, a slight smile pulling at your mouth. Your tight black yoga pants bunch as you cross one leg over the other, and your ample breasts are pushed up and to attention by your arms, which you've crossed in front of you.

I begin to pull my plain white tee up my muscled stomach and you rush over, unable to merely watch, slide your hands up my stomach, following the path of my retreating tee shirt. As I pull my shirt up and over my head, your hands, still tracing a path, go up and over my shoulders, eventually clasping behind my neck. I smile and grab you around your waist, pulling you against me. You smile up at me and offer your lips for sacrifice. I give you a small peck, to see your reaction. You wait expectantly, and when I don't kiss you again, you pout. I laugh out loud and press my lips against yours. As our kissing intensifies, our mouths open together, and our tongues confidently meet, embracing, flickering, retreating, and then attacking with renewed vigor. You wiggle your ass closer to me, grinding against my growing manhood. Your hands at the back of my neck begin to tickle up and down my neck, barely touching the hairs that are raised. My tongue betrays my enjoyment.

You suddenly use all your willpower to break away. "I want to do what we said we'd do!" You pout.

"I love your pouting! Pouting will only get you what you want," I warn you. "Don't do it unless you know you want what you wish for."

"I want it!"

"Done." I flash a satanic grin. My hands drop to my waistline and I unbuckle the button on my jeans. The zipper zips down before my captivated audience of one. I shimmy the jeans down my tree trunk quadriceps and leave them in the growing pile of my clothes. I am left standing with only my navy boxers on, conspicuously adorned with humanoid wolves wearing university sweaters. I know you love them and I blush as you give me the look that lets me know that you love them, and you love that I hate that you love them.

My boxers are made prominent by a half erected tent in the middle. "You're a work of art," you breathe. "... and you're about to be immortalized. Strip more and lie down."

I slip my last piece of clothing off, revealing a half-cocked male masterpiece. Not limp but not hard; it looks like the nose of a dog sniffing for a smell. I lie down and you grab the blue paint can. You order me to close my eyes and relax. My defined muscles relax into 

semi-distinctive curves as I let my body calm. My cock is slumped to one side, dejected. You begin at my feet, letting a dribble of blue paint fall onto the bed. It tickles my right big toe, and I snap my foot in minor surprise. 

The paint works its way up my leg, slowly, in zigzags, giving me visible goosebumps, my hair standing on end. Higher and higher the paint comes, till you're pouring it right onto my upper thigh. My cock gives an imperceptible twitch, and I imagine your smile.

"It's edible," you say. "The paint, I mean."

Still only a drizzle, you trace a blue line up over my pelvic bone to my lower abdomen, coming around the top in a wide arc and finally letting the smallest stream hit the side of my shaft. Growing like a mythical magical beast, my cock springs to life slapping my painted stomach as it collapses in its erectness. You let the stream increase in volume until you dump the 

contents of the paint can onto my body all at once. My eyes flick open and I sit up, paint splashing in all directions. I open my mouth to reprimand, to say anything, but I am speechless when I see you in midair, landing on me like 

a pouncing cat, clothed against my naked skin. You grind your body against mine, your clothes adding to the friction, your face nuzzled in the crook of my neck.

I writhe against your onslaught, not in resistance but in compliance. I push you half off of me and nearly rip your black tee shirt off, giving a low sigh of approval at your lacy black bra. You, straddling my blue waist, swing your head to get your wavy blonde hair out of your face and unclasp your bra. You let the straps slip to your elbows, but don't let me get a glimpse of your perfect breasts just yet. You give me a look of superiority, pause, and then, with a flourish, let the bra fall off, and you whip it over your shoulder. Your pert and scrumptious breasts, topped with lively pink nipples, eye me with interest as I eye them with interest. You swing your right leg over me, stand beside the bed, and you turn your back to me.

Your tight pants are pulled taut over your luscious butt, and as you pull them down your lovely long legs, you give an ever so slight bend, pointing your little behind at me as if to say, "You. Get it?" Your matching black panties are quickly added to the pile. It was nice of you to match your panties. You know how much I like a little effort.

You turn to me, and I get my first peek at your well-trimmed well-kempt cunni. You put your hands on your hips and lean your head to one side, examining me with your eyes, as if considering your options. You grab the red paint and hop onto the bed. Standing over me, you give the bed and me a quick dose of red paint, equally distributed over the entirety. Your incredible assets keep me well at attention, on display for me, the view of your clearly anticipating pussy-lips all the better from being from below.

You are standing just beyond my feet. You sink to your knees, and slither your way up my body, your hands leading the way, and our contact is slick from the added lubrication of the paint. You slide up me, raising your head as you reach mine, and sink down onto my body. Your head rests just below my head on my chest, your tits are squashed against my sternum, and I can feel your nipples like little pinpricks against me. 

My cock is sandwiched between my stomach and yours, and I twitch it so you know it's there. We both begin to writhe as cuddling becomes too hard to do exclusively. Your heat rests on my thigh as your legs are intertwined with mine, and you slowly grind against me with more and more urgency. Our bodies are still, for the most part, inert.

You sidle up my body until your lips are on my earlobe, and you lick and bite at it, teasing sensually. My hands run up and down the side of your body, occasionally kneading your ass and coming up to cup the sides of your breasts.

You whisper in my ear, "You know what's going to happen now?"

Your pussy is now on the shaft of my cock, its lips ever so gently wrapping around it. You move your body slowly up and down the length of it, my cock still not penetrated you.

"You tell me what's going to happen now," I breathe huskily.

"Right now," you whisper between deep breaths and moans, "I'm gonna slide my way down your body, and I'm going to pop that big cock of yours in my mouth."

"Really? Right here, right now?" I say, and I begin to match your grinding against me, the paint making us slick. "I don't think so."

"Oh, please? Please..." you breathe in my ear, between licks and sucks of my earlobe. "Let me, won't you let me suck your cock? I promise I'll be good. A good little cocksucker."

I let out an audible groan. "I like to hear you say cocksucker."

You push your entire body against me, enjoying the intense contact we share. Your pussy continues to slide up and down the length of the shaft you hope to suck.

"You like to hear me say cocksucker? Cuz I'm your little cocksucker. Do I have your permission now?"

"Unnngh..." I moan, and you give my ear a last sloppy lick. You keep our bodies in contact as you slide down my chest, my stomach, and your tits squash against my cock before your tongue finally reaches its prize. Your hands make their way up each of my legs, one turning in early to caress my balls, massaging them, and the other one goes farther, encircling my shaft.

You pull my cock up towards you and you put your lips only around the tip, your tongue furiously break-dancing on the tip within your mouth. You are straddling my right leg, in order to continue grinding your pussy against my body.

"That's unbelievable, babe. Yeah, suck it all the way in." I encourage. 

You look at me with a mouthful of cock and wink. Keeping eye contact with me, you take my cock two-thirds of the way into your mouth and then back out to the tip, repeating this far too slowly, your tongue dancing all the way, your body rocking back and forth on my muscled leg. Your hand releases my testicles and moves up your own thigh to your right breast and begins kneading it. Your hand tickles your nipple and you grind harder against my leg. 

You moan into my cock, buzzing your lips, making me shiver with intensity. You increase in speed, occasionally popping my cock out of your mouth with an audible pop and noisily licking down the shaft, flicking your tongue over my balls. You then return slowly, pausing at the tip, letting your tongue flick here also, and then suddenly dive down onto the length, trying to keep eye contact with me all the while. I prop myself up onto my elbows, and reach over to the night table for a waiting can of green paint. My body is now on an incline towards you, and I drizzle the paint onto my chest. It runs down in rivers along the valleys of my chest and stomach, making its way down. I can see your tongue dart 

out and catch some green paint. I increase the flow of paint until it sloshes down into your hair and onto your face and hands. Your eyes glare and your pace quickens.

At a sudden intensifying of licking at the base of my cock, I let out a long groan, and you pop my cock out of my mouth and look sternly at me. "Don't you dare cum yet! I want to feel your big cock inside me first."

You sit on your haunches and sidle up closer to me. I sit up. We are sitting face to face, my legs spread out to the foot of the bed and your legs draped over mine. We're lip-locked again, your I let my hands, covered in paint, paint their way up your sides, and I begin fondling your breasts. 

You're jerking my cock with both hands, and I tweak your nipples. They're so tiny and hard, like little buds. I can't keep my lips off them, and I move down.

You pull me off of your nipples. "It feels fucking good, baby, but I just can't wait any longer," you say. I've left two green handprints on your tits, and I point it out. You giggle, but you're all business now. We stay in the same position, and your hands guide my cock to your waiting slit. 

You then put your hands on my shoulders, lift yourself up, and in one fluid motion, sink down onto my engorged penis.

"Unnnngh!" we both moan simultaneously. I grab your ass, pulling you down farther on me. I'm so deep inside you in this position. You lift yourself up, and I pull you back down, and we continue like this. I'm pulling you down so hard that our bodies are slapping together.

"Fuck me..." you sigh, but I need no encouragement. We are accelerating, and are going at it at a breakneck pace. You lean back onto your hands, still lifting up your ass to the rhythm, your head is thrown back, your hair cascading down almost to the bed. Your breasts stand out so divinely, and my hands are drawn there. You close your eyes and sigh in total ecstasy. Your hands are on the bed, and the paint is squelching around your fingers as we rock the bed. It is then that your eyes flick open and you lean way back, causing my cock to sink even farther within you. This is almost too much 

for me, and I tell you so.

"I am so close to cumming, babe."

"Wait!" You say, as you are trying to complete the mission on which you leaned back for. You return to me with a paint can, purple paint this time. 

You hug your body against me, so we're as close as possible, all the time I'm still humping furiously in and out of you. You then ever so precisely toss the paint up and out of the can, covering us both. You toss the can aside and hold onto my back, gritting your teeth and sinking your nails into my back as both of our sexual experiences intensify further. I swear my 

head is about to explode; the pleasure is so overwhelming.

"Aaaahhhhh!" you shriek as your orgasm rocks you, tightening your pussy around my throbbing cock. It's too much for me.

"I'm going to cum, babe!" I yell.

"Cum in my face, baby. I want you to cum all over my face and tits." you say.

I push you off of me and stand up on the bed. You're kneeling in front of me covered in every color of paint, and I've never seen anything hotter in my entire life. Except... I grab the last paint can. It's yellow. I pour it onto you, and you put out your tongue to catch drops of it. You smack your lips and await the next shower. I hold my cock in my right hand, and finally I'm wracked with so much pleasure from the buildup, I almost faint.

I toss my head back, eyes closed. I grunt, "Aaahhhhhh!" and grit my teeth. 

A stream of cum shoots out of my red, pulsing cock and hits your right cheek. You don't even flinch, even as the second stream hits your forehead and hair. The third I shoot down your eager throat, and the fourth and fifth I shoot onto your tits. My cum has turned red to pink, yellow to neon, navy to baby blue, and you into a portrait of a cumslut worthy of hanging on my wall. You put your lips around my still-hard cock and clean off the cum and paint. Giving it one last lick up the vein on its underside, you smack your lips and smile up at me. I pull you to your feet on the bed and we enjoy a long probing kiss.

And then we shower...