 With her job, Fiona Williams travelled a lot. She found short flights just as tiring and frustrating as the bus or the subway. Hot, sweaty passengers herded and corralled like cattle, in fact, worse than cattle. Long haul, with more time and more space, was quite another story. She was determined to enjoy her seven hour flight to New York.

She knew the cost of trans-Atlantic business class was a bit of a rip-off but the feeling of luxury was wonderful. The champagne and the pampering were a sensual pleasure. Flying like this was an escape from everyday pressures, no phone calls or people wanting to talk to you.

Fiona watched the cabin attendants start to serve lunch and ran her fingers lazily through her curly blonde hair as she stretched her cramped shoulders. She was pleased of the excuse to close her laptop and stow it under the seat in front of her.

Her presentation had been agonised over, corrected and polished a thousand times already and, even so, she would have plenty of time in the hotel to go over it yet again. Now it was time to forget daily life and relax. Medium height and slim, plane seats were like comfortable armchairs for her. In the anonymity of the cabin, she liked to cocoon herself with her thoughts or curl up with her bare feet tucked into her bottom and read a book.

She thought the pretty flight attendants looked so poised and sexy in the white blouse and cinch waisted dark skirt of their uniforms. Their bra straps were quite evident through the tight cotton of their shirts, hinting at naughtiness. Like dominatrix, with their immaculate hair and perfect make-up, they strode around the plane in dark nylons and heels creating unattainable erotic fantasies for the big-hitter, male passengers, strapped-in and restrained.

When she was served, Fiona noted with amusement that a glimpse of bra was visible as the attendant leaned forward to put her meal down. She wondered naughtily how many erections would be hidden under white linen covered tray-tables.

She enjoyed her meal. The food was as good as you could expect in the air and, after two glasses of very fine red wine, Fiona was sipping her black coffee together with a large cognac. Life was good she thought, very good, except ...

Except her non-existent love life. A twenty nine year old, red-blooded woman shouldn't have the sex life of a nun, she told herself. However successful her career, it didn't compensate for sleeping alone every night these days. How she longed to feel sensitive fingers on her body, smell and taste a man in the throes of his orgasm.

She didn't know what was wrong with her. Blonde, light brown eyes and quite attractive, even if she said it herself, she just couldn't seem to meet men. Well, that wasn't strictly true she thought. She met enough attractive bed fodder. It was just she couldn't seem to get them into bed.

The in-flight movie, some second rate family comedy as usual, didn't interest her at all. She fished in her computer bag and found the plastic sack. It had been a wicked, last minute purchase in the airport bookshop that made her feel deliciously sinful. Holding the book carefully to make sure that no-one could see the cover, she started to read.

'They met in a bar one lunch time and Virginia was swept off her feet. Damian was passionate and impulsive and had become her lover that same day. Since she had been with the charismatic, handsome man there had been this constant aching desire for his body.  Just thinking of him, which was now an almost permanent obsession, made her lubricious and her swollen nipples chafed against the fabric of her thin dress. As she drove home in the summer sunshine, she remembered the wonderful sensation of being filled and stretched by his large penis and she felt the heat mount between her thighs.  She found him in the yard, sitting on the grass in the shade of a maple tree. The sunlight filtering through the leaves made swirling patterns on his black curly hair and strong features. Lost in his own world, his high cheekbones and rugged jaw made him look powerful and wild, she thought.  For a moment, she imagined being spread naked across his knee while he spanked the taut, fleshy globes of her bottom. The idea shocked her as he had never lifted a finger against her, but her ass cheeks tingled with pleasure at the fantasy of being sexually dominated by Damian.'

Fiona finished her brandy and asked for a second one. The petite brunette flight attendant bent over to put the small bottle on the tray table beside her and Fiona stared at the girl's shapely, skirt clad rear. She mentally stripped off the uniform skirt and panties and pictured the pert white buttocks being proffered for a lover to turn a hot rosy pink.

The girl's sex lips would engorge as the smacks landed, Fiona imagined, and glistening juices would seep down her inner thighs as the round cheeks of her pretty bottom glowed red.

"Can I get you anything else, ma'am," asked the attendant as she straightened up.

"Err, no, no, that's all, thanks."

Fiona blushed deeply as she suddenly realised she'd been having a sexual fantasy about another woman. Not only about a woman, she realised with a shock, but a submission fantasy completely against her natural instincts.

"God," she told herself, "I'm getting perverted. Somehow, someway, I need to get screwed, and soon."

She sighed, picked up her book and began reading again.

'The sun burnt down on Virginia's bare shoulders as she approached Damian. He became aware of her and, looking up, stretched his hands out to her hips to pull her close to him. He buried his head into her belly and Virginia could feel his warm breath through the thin cotton of her summer dress.  She gripped his head, her fingers entwined in the tight, black curls of his hair, as she breathed in his heady scent; a mix of summer sweat and the musky fragrance from the crotch of his jeans. Her body responded. She needed him urgently; needed the satisfaction of taking him deep inside her.  Reaching behind her, Virginia unzipped her dress and let it fall to her feet. She stood naked in front of him, the sun now playing all over her back and the hot rays burning into the dark crease of her ass.  Wordlessly, keeping his eyes on the swollen pink vulva in front of him, Damian unbuttoned his shirt and slithered out of his jeans. He saw her rampant clitoris escape from its fleshy cover as he let his erect cock spring from his briefs.  Virginia virtually pounced on him, pinning his shoulders to the ground as she swung her bare thighs across his muscular torso. She was dissolving, her molten lust seeping from her pussy. She could feel the slickness as she ground her sex lips on the taut abdomen beneath her.  When his hands cupped the stretched swells of her buttocks, she moaned, as fingers teased the gaping cleft, toying with her puckered anal opening. She slid down until the fine blonde hair on her mound was pressing hard into his black wiry pubic bush.  Damian's lips flicked one of her erect teats making her catch her breath and sigh. She could feel her breasts swell as the tantalising tongue alternated between the hard pink tips of her nipples. She couldn't wait any longer.  She pressed her breasts hard against his chest as her hand went round behind her ass to guide his hard cock into her cleft. After allowing her to massage his penis between her pussy lips for a while, Damian suddenly bucked his hips and thrust his rigid cock deep into the willing woman's cunt. She cried out in pain-pleasure as she experienced the brute force of his penetration.  Virginia raised herself until the large cock was almost withdrawn, then plunged down, angling her pelvis so that the lubricated purple head slid across the hard nub of her clitoris. She started pumping rhythmically. With each down stroke she gasped when she felt his penis butt against her cervix.  Virginia was lost now. Hot waves of pleasure flooded through her as the hard cock fucking her cunt sent spine tingling sensations to her nipples. She felt the iron hard penis quiver and swell inside her and the unstoppable force of her climax began sweeping through her. She bucked and shook as she felt his hot cum explode deep in her belly and fell forward to lie, exhausted, on his chest.'

Fiona tossed the paperback aside carelessly, closing her eyes and sighing, and leant back on the headrest. She tilted her seat back slightly.

It had been a silly mistake to buy the book, she realised now. She had thought it might ease the sexual hunger gnawing inside her but it was just making her even more frustrated. Before they got to JFK, she knew she would have to go to the bathroom to take care of her urgent need for release.

Taking a deep breath, she opened her eyes and looked round the cabin. Her jaw dropped and she felt her face start to burn as she noticed properly, for the first time, the man in the aisle seat beside her. He was studying a book, her book, with what appeared to be great interest.

Fiona was mortified. This man, not much older than her, now knew that the respectable, blonde woman sitting next to him had been reading a dirty book. In the non-descript white T-shirt and black spandex leggings she was travelling in for comfort, he wouldn't think for a moment that she was a highly regarded equity trading manager with a large investment bank. 

She hadn't bothered to study him before but, now she paid him some attention, he was really quite striking. Tall and powerful looking, his lightly tanned face was framed by neat, short, light brown hair. In his pale pink shirt and grey slacks he looked suave and sophisticated, Fiona thought.

There was an indefinable aura about him too. Fiona couldn't decide whether it was just an inner core of steel or something more mysterious, more dangerous. He was having an instant effect on her. Her arms became gooseflesh and the fine, downy hairs stood on end.

Sensing her regard, the man turned to look at her, and Fiona sucked in her breath. Smiling, sapphire blue eyes were piercing through her. The intensity of his gaze seemed to strip her bare, body and soul, exposing her innermost thoughts and feelings for his inspection. He finally spoke.

"Excuse me; I think this is your book. It slipped on the floor when you put it down."

The strong, deep, velvety voice seemed to almost caress her. Fiona was mesmerised by the attractive New England accent.

"Oh, err, yes," she managed to burble in embarrassment and held out her hand.

The man made no effort to return the book but, instead, looked down again at the cover, then turned it over in his long, slim fingers.

"Virginia's Dark Desires; I thought it was only us men, with our dirty raincoat mentality, that liked this kind of thing."

"Well, it was only just a bit of silly fun to while away the time on the plane," replied Fiona, not knowing why she felt she had to justify herself to this man.

"Anyway, it's a series of erotic fiction for women, not the kind of thing most men would want to read, I suppose."

He laughed quietly and, watching the little creases appear at the corners of his mouth and eyes, Fiona felt her heart pound in her chest.

"So I see. It says here that it's written by women for women. Do you really think there's a great difference between male and female sexual fantasies, then?"

"No, well, I don't know really, I suppose. How can I be expected to understand men's fantasies? I'm a woman. I guess it's only a question of perspectives; looking at things from the pussy not the penis."

Fiona was shocked at what she had just said. What was she doing, 33,000 feet up in the air, talking about sex fantasies and genitalia with a man she had only just met? Hell, she didn't even know his name. She felt she had to break his hold over her before she got into deeper trouble.

"Look, allow me to introduce myself. I'm Fiona Williams and I don't think I want to be discussing sex with a complete stranger.

"Please can I have my book back, or," she suddenly felt very wicked, "Perhaps you'd like to borrow it?"

"I'm so sorry; I didn't mean to be rude. Hi, I'm Todd, Todd Jensen, and, honestly, I don't normally make a habit of launching into erotic conversations with attractive women I meet on planes.

"It's just; you look such a sensuous person. I do apologise."

Fiona had a sudden sense of loss and regret. Despite her firm words, she realised she had been enjoying the line of conversation. With her frustration heightened by what she'd read, her hormones were reacting strongly to this handsome man. Never mind talking about sex, she thought, she'd be only too eager to try a practical demonstration with him if that were possible on the upper deck of a 747.

"No, Todd, It's me who should be sorry. I shouldn't have bitten your head off. It was my book, after all, that started this off."

Todd brushed away the apology with a wave of his hand. Then he looked at her quite intently and she shivered. His bright blue eyes were like lasers; their heat sending a trickle of sweat sliding down the valley between her full, braless breasts. 

"Are you like Virginia, Fiona? It says here that she's very successful.

"Virginia has a glittering career, independence and a very sexy partner who keeps her fully occupied in bed. It's only when she meets her new boss that she discovers the true extent of her sensuality and begins on a path that lets her satisfy her deepest desires."

"I wish," Fiona said bitterly, "I've sort of got the first two. That's where these books go wrong.

"If you work hard enough to get a good job, you get the independence bit but it's pretty impossible for a working girl to keep a sexy partner.

"Even when I get the time to go to clubs or bars, the guys seem to feel threatened. They seem to be intimidated by a successful woman and think you'd laugh at their come-on lines."

Fiona could see Todd watching her intently.

"As for being seduced by the boss, fears of being accused of sexual harassment have put the lid on that. And we've still got a taboo against girls trying to pick up men."

Why was she admitting these things to a complete stranger? Had he hypnotised her? Was he going to force her to reveal more; the dark, lonely nights of self pleasuring, the fear of being alone all her life?

However, Fiona understood her need to talk, the need to confide her pent up emotions to another human being. Who better than a handsome, mysterious stranger who would disappear from her life entirely after a few hours of a plane trip? She looked into Todd's clear blue eyes and thought she saw understanding there.

When he reached across and lightly rested his hand on her bare forearm, Fiona could have sworn it was white hot and searing into her skin. It was a long time since any man had touched her tenderly like that and she was embarrassed to see her nipples straining through the cotton of her T-shirt.

"You're right, Fiona. Life's not fair. Even with equality, a beautiful woman like you, who's clearly intelligent and successful, frightens most men off.

"It's like 'Sex and the City'. If a guy gets anywhere, he thinks it's only likely to be a one-night stand and he'll be brushed off next morning."

"But, I'm not like that," said Fiona, almost in tears. "I want a lover to share my life, my body. I'm ready to give up some of my independence for that. I... I just don't seem able to make the initial contact."

"Well," said Todd with a captivating smile, "You seem to have made the initial contact with me."

Fiona squirmed in her seat with embarrassment and excitement. "Are you saying I should start throwing mucky stories in front of men to get their attention?"

"No, of course not," he laughed, "Even if it appears to work pretty well."

Slowly and deliberately, Todd moved his hand to rest on the tight, stretched black fabric covering her upper thigh. The contact sent electric sparks to her groin and made her desperate to rub the ache between her legs. The sheen of sweat on her upper body was making the T-shirt cling to the swells of her breasts. Her lack of a bra was only too evident from the dark pink shadows of her puffy aureoles showing through her T-shirt.

Todd leant close to her and Fiona could feel his warm breath tickle her ear. She shivered.

"Did you mean what you said about wanting a lover to share your body?" he whispered.

Fiona couldn't find the ability to respond. Just from the touch of his hand over her clothes she was so aroused. All she knew was that, if he moved his fingers two inches further, they would be touching her pussy through her pants. Knowing it was so wrong, she willed his hand further; without success.

Instead, his palm traced tiny circles on her leg, stoking the fire in the pit of her belly. Todd moved his face towards her again and, this time, just brushed her cheek discreetly with his lips before whispering in her ear.

"When was the last time a man enjoyed this beautiful body?" His soft voice was full of urgent insistence.

"Sev, sev, seven months ago," Fiona managed to stammer breathlessly, not knowing why she was letting him pry these intimate secrets from her.

"Do you want to share your body with me?"

What's the point, thought Fiona in bitter frustration. It was just cruel. He's teasing me to distraction knowing there's nothing we can do about it here, sitting on a plane. And anyway, when we land he'll say goodbye and vanish back to his wife somewhere.

She struggled not to gasp out loud with shock as Todd's hand slipped under the loose hem of her T-shirt and touched the warm skin of her stomach and the undersides of her bare breasts. Even tucked back in her window seat at the back of the cabin, Fiona felt she was on public display.

His fingers weaved devilish patterns on her flesh, running gently round the rim of her sensitive belly button. Her whole body tingled with pins and needles and Fiona could feel her hot moisture soaking into the crotch of her pants.

She leant forward to let the tantalising fingers explore her lower back and the hollow at the base of her spine.

"More, Todd, more, I need to come," she urged breathlessly, almost forgetting her surroundings in her passion.

She had to bite her lip to stifle a groan as fingers slipped under the elastic waist of her leggings to tweak the trimmed blonde hair on her mons.

"My, oh my, what a naughty girl," was breathed in her ear.

"I could see you didn't have a bra, but no panties either; what a slut."

"No, I'm not. It's just I like to be comfortable on long flights."

She didn't care what he thought of her provided the exciting stimulation continued. She spread her legs as wide as she could in the confined space to give him access to her core and was rewarded when his fingers sank between the slick, puffy walls of her pussy lips.

Fiona was fighting to control herself. Todd's palm was pressing down on her pubic bone as his fingers curved inside her wet pussy, caressing deep within her. Whatever the consequences, she knew she couldn't now step back from the brink.

"My clit, Todd, touch my clit. Make me come."

There were slight slurping sounds as his fingers moved inside her body and she was sure she could smell her own musky scent. Then it happened. A tremor ran through her as she felt her clitoris being freed and his finger gently circled the tip of the swollen flesh.

She was suddenly scared. On the edge of the abyss, she remembered she was a 'moaner'. Roommates and boyfriends alike had always laughed at the amount of noise she made when she climaxed. Oh God, no, she screamed silently; not here, not now, not in public.

The fear heightened her sensations and, as Todd rubbed her clitoris more urgently, she felt the tension build in her to dizzying heights. She bit hard on her index finger until she pierced the skin, as her pussy convulsed wildly and she came in spasms of glorious release.
