 This is the beginning of first person series that starts with "Everything before my First Time, which will be posted when this and the 2nd chapter are approved. There will be more chapters, but also stories with other names that involve "me" but with other persons.

I hope you find then enjoyable. Comments and votes would be appreciated. 

*

My first time? Last August on Fire Island. I was at our family's place with my sister and her husband. They had married in May. They weren't too happy to have me along for two weeks, but they couldn't refuse, and I tried not to intrude. Actually we got on real well. He was nice.

One morning after breakfast, I was out swimming. It was a Monday, and there was almost no one on the beach. There were nice waves and I was body surfing - like they do in Australia, trying to ride the waves without a board. It was going pretty well. A girl in a bikini started to watch me and then swam closer - I was swimming where the waves were best - and she started to try it too. I felt better about not swimming alone. She was a pretty good swimmer and imitated me, trying to get up speed when a wave came so that she could ride it, and had some success, and I nodded and waved encouragement to her. 

After one good wave that we both caught, riding it into the shallows, she got up, and I saw that her top had slipped off her breasts. It was one of those with just two triangles of cloth with a string around her back. I thought she would be embarrassed and turn away, but she just smiled and looked down and unhurriedly adjusted them back in place and then smiled at me again and called: "That was a real good one." "Yeah," I replied, a little embarrassed at having seen her breasts - long enough to see that there was no tan line on them - and surprised at her nonchalance.

That broke the ice, so to speak, and she swam closer for the next wave, and I saw that she was older - no teenager, maybe twenty-five or so. After some more waves - I was doing better than she - when we again caught one together and stood up, she said: 

"Hi. You're good at that. Thanks for showing me how. It's fun." 

"You learn pretty fast Never tried it before?" 

"No, but I've watched guys in Australia doing it. The waves are bigger there. Are you staying out here?"

"Yeah, at our family's house, with my sister and brother-in-law, married in May." 

" I bet they're pleased to have your company." 

"Not really. And you?" 

"Yeah, we've rented that house over there," and she pointed to a place a little further away.

We walked up on to the beach and I picked up my towel - hers was further along in the direction of her house. I was wondering who "we" were. 

"Want to come up to my place; doesn't sound like your sister and brother-and-law will miss you." 

No, I thought, wondering again about the "we," and then saw that she had a wedding ring and an engagement ring with a big stone. She saw my glance and answered my question: 

"My husband stays in the city during the week. Come on."

So we walked along and picked up her towel and then want up to the house. It was a nice one with an enclosed patio, empty of personal things - unlike ours - a rented place. I was wondering what we would do, what she would suggest. By now she had told me that she had been a stewardess with United, how she had gotten to Australia, and she had asked me about my figure and heard that I was a gymnast. I guess it was about 10:30 by then.

We stood around for a moment both silent, then she asked if I would join her for a glass of champagne. I was surprised - that early in the morning? 

"There are a couple of glasses in the bottle from last night, ... and it won't get better." 

I agreed, thinking that stewardesses are accustomed to serving and maybe drinking at all times of the day. So she got the bottle from the fridge. 

We drink a glass of wine with meals, me too, and of course I had drunk a beer or two, but usually I was in training, but I figured it would be too impolite to refuse, so we had a glass, not saying much - it was good champagne. After a few sips, she empty her glass and said she wanted a shower, and asked me if I wanted one too. Afterwards, it occurred to me that the way she asked could have been an invitation to join her, but at that moment, I just agreed and told her to go ahead, that I would take one when she was finished. She nodded and turned and went towards the bathroom, untying her bikini top as she went. She had a good figure.

Yeah, now I remember that she untied the neck string first and was thinking that was unusual, her top immediately dropping down around her hips. Didn't most girls untie it in back and then slip it over their head?

I sipped my champagne, wondering what we would then do, hearing the shower - she had left the door open - wondering about the way she had let me see her breasts and tantalizing me by letting me see her taking off her top that way. Then I heard the shower stop and her drying herself. As I emptied my glass, she came out with her towel just slung around her hips. 

God, I was surprised! She really did have nice ..., had a good figure. She just looked at me and smiled and said she liked to sunbathe nude. My ears must have been scarlet - not just my ears! I just mumbled that I had notice - on the beach - and went past her to the bathroom as she said that she would be on the patio.

I was starting to get a hard-on and realized that this was going to be an experience I hadn't anticipated. Would she be lying naked on the patio when I returned? Would she expect me to join her - like that?! It sure seemed like she was tempting me. Tempting me for what? I suddenly thought of Joseph and Potiphar's wife.

I took my shower, trying to avoid getting more aroused - it didn't want to go down - wondering if I should put my Speedo back on, but then decided to risk it. If she could, wanted to - maybe she had a bottom on under her towel - I would see what happened.

Knowing my sister and brother-in-law were having sex whenever they could, had made me more than curious. So I wrapped the towel she had laid out around my waist and took my Speedo with me - in case she had a bottom on - but when I got to the patio, she was lying there on her stomach on one side of her big towel with nothing on, nothing at all! Arousing! And she obviously had an overall suntan. She had her head turned away from me and when she heard me, just raised it and glanced at me and then turned back and patted the towel next to her. Obviously, she expected me to join her.

I hung my shorts on the corner of a deck chair and took off my towel, thankful that she couldn't see me, and then stretched out next to her. This was going to be difficult, I thought, my thing didn't want to be down between my thighs.

"Hi - again," she said: "Shocked?" "Yeah, a little," I replied: "Maybe more than a little."

"That's all right. Just enjoy the sun." "Yeah," I answered, and closed my eyes, enjoying it and trying to forget the situation I was in.

After a couple of minutes, she said: "Oh, you probably need sunoil on your bottom. Here, I'll do it." Before I could say anything, she rose back on her knees and took the bottle and squirted it on my ass and then spread it around with one hand as she looked down at my face, her bare breasts more than tempting me to look at them. Then she lay back down again.

I again closed my eyes and tried to control my arousal: just think about the sun, just the nice warm sun. After a few more minutes, she spoke again: "Nice, isn't it? "Um-hmm," I replied. After a few moments she spoke again: 

"You're not as old as I first thought, with all your muscles. Can you really do flips and handstands and all that stuff? I saw it once on TV, I guess at the Olympics?" 

"Yes, the whole lot, that and on the bars and horse. On the rings, I'm not so good." 

"Horse? That's the thing with two handles where you swing your legs all around?" 

"Um-hmm." 

"Are you good?" 

"Pretty," I admitted: "I want to compete for the national team." 

"Really! That much man lying right next to me!" 

She raised her head and turned to look at me for a moment. The talk about gymnastics had let me forget that, but then her last comment immediately brought me back to my position, lying there naked next to her, all naked. What did two naked persons next to each other think about?! My thing was telling me, definitely uncomfortable where it was. Was she thinking about that ... too? Had she planned this, an attractive young woman with her husband away for the week? Letting me see her breasts on the beach, and now this?! 

The thought didn't diminish my thing's discomfort. On the contrary. She seemed to be relaxed, lying there. I rolled away from her on my side and let it move. I could roll back with it in a different position, but at the moment it was pleased to be free to move, and I could now look at her, down her body, the curve of her ass - also no tan line. She must like to be naked in the sun. My thing was telling me how it felt about that.

Just as I was about to push it up and roll back on my stomach, she rolled towards me onto her side. God she was sexy, her hips swelling up from her waist! My thing bobbed in appreciation, but what was I going to do with it?!

"God, it's nice to lie in the sun," she remarked. 

"Um-hmm," I agreed: "You must really enjoy it out here." 

Still wondering what to do with my now fully aroused thing. 

"Um-hmm, you can tell. I just love to feel the sun on my body." 

No, I realized, there wasn't a shadow of a tan line, on her back or on her hips or ass. God, it was tempting to stroke her side, to touch this nice female body! Did she want me to? Wasn't she inviting me to? If I were as old as she had first thought, wouldn't she expect me to? Stewardess: one had heard that they were ... "easier". 

She had instigated this situation, knew what she was doing from the start, down on the beach, inviting me to the house, champagne, showering - maybe together? Now or never!

I let my fingertips gently stroke her side - she could slap them or roll away if she was displeased, but she didn't do anything, so I continued, exploring a little further, down to her waist. "Mmmm," she sighed softly. No she didn't mind. She must have wanted me to, expected me to. Good that I didn't disappoint her. But what was going to happen next?

Kid, I thought, your thing is going to get a sunburn if this continues. The sun felt good on it.

I let my fingers slide up the curve of her hip and then back down to her waist. She really didn't mind, wanted me to. My hand slid back up her hip, and I felt her clutch her thighs together. Oh, she was aroused too! Of course, who wouldn't be, even if she had planned this, or because she had planned it. My hand slid back to her waist and up her side again.

By now, I had stopped worrying about my thing, but then she rolled towards me onto her back, and it brushed her hip and then stayed in contact with it, twitching. God, I was embarrassed! I rolled my hips back so that it didn't touch her.

"Mmmm," she sighed again, and looked up at me. 

"You too? That's nice. Don't be embarrassed. It's sort of a compliment" 

"Yeah, I guess," was all I could reply, blushing deeply. 

Her elbow came down between us and then she reached her hand up and stroked my cheek. My hand had slid onto her stomach, and I explored with my fingers. 

"Um-hmm, just relax. This is nice." 

Yeah, I thought, just relax, and nodded with an "um-hmm." She lowered her hand down to her shoulder, and I thought: she wants me to touch her breast. Yes, her nipples were all hard, with goose bumps around them, not that I had any experience to know, but they just looked so aroused, and slid my hand up and held her breast. 

"Um-hmm!" she sighed. 

She obviously wasn't going to stop me, I thought, and if she didn't want to stop me, she wanted me to do more, and moved my fingers on her nipple. "That feels good," she said, and I noticed her stomach draw in, and continued, exploring with my fingers, around it and flipping over it and rolling and pulling it as she encouraged me with satisfied little noises in her throat. "The other one too," she said, and I slid my hand over, finding it, and my thing touched her again. "That's nice too," she said: "feeling that you're aroused."

I hadn't noticed that it had touched her, and was again embarrassed, but obviously she wasn't.

It twitched as I rolled her nipple between my fingers and cupped her breast with the rest of my hand. God, it was arousing to hold a woman's bare breast. I had squeezed a couple of girls' through their bras, but this was so much better. How far did she want to go? She was lying there naked in my hand, the sun shining down on her naked body, on her naked sex! She drew her knees up and rocked them back and forth a couple of times and then let them flop open, the one on my thigh, letting the sun shine right on her sex!

"I want to hold you," she murmured and slipped her hand under my arm and found my thing. God, it was aroused! "Mmmm," she sighed, just holding it - thank God! If she had moved on it, I might have come, I was so aroused. Did she want me to touch her, slide my hand down to her pussy?!

"Um-hmm," she sighed, in reply to my unspoken question as I pulled at her nipple. "Um-hmm." 

Oh, I wanted to! My hand slid down, slid over her hipbone and past it. She didn't have any hair! Were there girls who didn't have any hair -- like statues? But then I felt a fine stubble. As my fingers moved further down, over the curve of her sex, she squeezed me and nodded: "Um-hmm, I shave it. My husband is Lebanese and likes it that way, like the women in the Orient do." 

She looked over at me. 

"Oh, ... yes," I replied, remembering that somewhere I had heard that Moslem women shave their pubic hair, and then wondered about her husband - a Lebanese Potiphar? - not the best subject in our position. She moved her hand on me and rubbed me with her thumb, and my fingers explored further. God, it was arousing, to be touch a woman's pussy, up and down on her slit.

Maybe that is not an attractive word for it, up and down on her lips ... really touching a woman's sex! "Um-hmm," she encouraged me, squeezing me again, and closed her eyes.

Mmmm, I thought, she really wants me to, wants me to arouse her. How far does she want to go?! My fingers explored, feeling her inner lips - all slippery - and then up on a firm little swelling. 

"Uhnn!" she gasped and her thighs twitched as she squeezed me again with a sighed "Yes."

Her clitoris?! I had read or heard about that. She really wanted it! I rubbed her with my thumb and let a finger slid down between her lips and found her opening and slipped into it. "Oh, yes," she sighed again and started to move her hand on me, and I moved my finger in her. She was so warm and slippery! Suddenly her other hand was on mine, encouraging me and pushing my finger deeper into her as her other hand moved on me. And then I came, all over the place, all over her stomach, but still she kept moving my hand in her, sighing and moaning. And I was still so aroused, my thing still hard in her hand as she kept moving my hand., her thighs twitching.

"Mmmm, yes, good," she murmured: "come, do it to me. I want you in me," and let her thigh slip down and pulled my thing towards her.

She really wanted it! Did she think I could still, after having just come? What about ...?

"Don't we need a rubber or something?" 

"Hm-umm," she replied, and opened her eyes and shook her head. 

"Just do it." 

She let go of my thing - hell, my cock! - and and brought her arm up over my head and drew me to her as her other hand found my thing - my cock - and drew me up over her and guided it into her sex.

"Uhn-unnn!" she sighed as it slipped into her. "Oh, that so good!" 

And it was for me too, better than I thought it could be after having just come, and better than I had ever imagined, so tight and slippery and warm. And she was holding my ass and encouraging me to move in her - as if I needed any - pushing it in and out as I looked down at her, her eyes closed as she sighed and gasped, panting with me until I came again. 

I didn't know I could come twice in such a short time, but then I had never done it before, really make love. Well, maybe "making love" was not the best expression for what we had done, but really doing with a woman.

When I stopped, she sighed and opened her eyes and smiled at me and kissed me and said it was real good, and thanked me, and I thanked her, wondering which of us owed the most thanks, and then wondering if it really been good for her, if she had really come. How can a guy tell if a girl has really had an orgasm, I wondered, recalling stories that girls often faked it.

After we rolled over on our sides, she held my hip and I stroked her breast and again asked her if she was sure we shouldn't have used a rubber. To my surprise, she explained that she was already pregnant, well at least she thought she was - two weeks overdue -- and anyway, it didn't matter: I had the same colored hair and eyes as her husband. 

"And you really shot your wad before," she added. I was surprised at her choice of words, sounded common, but had to agree. I sure had, but said it felt like I had come just as much the second time, surprised at myself for saying it. Nothing like having sex together to lower the barriers of communication.

"I'm glad, for you," she replied, again making me wonder if she had come, had an orgasm.

We lay there for a few moments. I was still holding her breast. She let her hand slip down and fondle my sex, now all soft, exploring with her fingers around and holding my balls.

"Was it your first time?" Her sudden question surprised me and made me start to blush. She was looking me straight on. 

"Um-hmm," I admitted, feeling my cheeks flush. 

"Um-hmm, thank you." 

"Oh, I'm glad; I don't know if I ever did it with anyone his first time. I doubt it." 

She fondled my balls affectionately - well that's the way I interpreted it; it felt affectionate, and good.

"I like you" - it was affectionate - "You're the nicest thing that has happen to me this summer." 

"That goes for you too," I replied: "for me." 

"That's nice," and she fondled me some more, my balls and then my cock, her fingers were exploring all around it, moving the skin on it and then following around the grove and over the knob and on the hole.

"I just can't let go of you," she said, and smiled. 

"Feels good; I never imagined how good it could feel," and held her breast, raising it a little and then rubbing around her nipple with my thumb. 

"Um-hmm," she answered: "I like that too."

After a minute or two, she said: "Maybe we should go in ... before you get a sunburn where it might hurt." I agreed and we got up, standing looking at each other, looking at her breasts and then at her shaven sex. Like a little girl's, I was thinking, remembering my little sister when she was three or four. 

"Nice, isn't it? American girls shouldn't just shave under their arms." 

"Yes," I agreed, looking back up at her face, embarrassed a little at her having noticed my glance.

"Mmmm, you really are strong, ... like a Greek statue, or one of a Roman gladiator. Can you do a flip here?"

I looked around, figuring how much space I would need, wanting to make up for having stared at her sex. 

"Yeah, a back flip. I wonder what it looks like naked."

"I bet it is good."

I took a couple of testing steps on the patio and then did a back flip, not as good as in competition, but almost extended. I was worried about landing without a mat.

"Wow, that was impressive, a future national gymnast doing it just for me, and not just a flip."

I bowed as in competition, thinking she wasn't so bad with her words, even it she used a common expression.
