 I met a friend over the internet; I was happy and excited to be talking with someone new. He asked me if I’d take a look at an erotic story that he had written and give some helpful advice about it. This made me happier to help a fellow author with some writing. Though I consider myself to still be a novice in my own writing skills, I’ve always had an eye for catching certain mistakes others make while writing, and I took on the project with zest. 

After speaking with him a couple of times about the story, that initial formalness that people have when first beginning a friendship eased, and we began to speak more on a personal level. We talked about ourselves, what we do, where we live, you know the normal things people talk about. I found that every time I read a letter from him I liked him just a little bit more. 

A couple of months into our friendship I got a letter that shocked me. In the letter he asked if it would be alright for him to fly to the states and see me. I have inherited one of the unfortunate stereotypes of being a child born in Generation X, practical thinking. The thought of his spontaneous ness frightened me, though there was something in me that kept saying, “Just do it Jessi! It’ll be fun.” I wrote him back with my concerns:

“David,

I’m not sure if that would be the right thing to do. I mean, we only just met a few months ago, and I don’t see how you or I could know each other well enough for you to just up and leave Australia to come to Missouri.”

I sent the note and waited anxiously for his reply. In my nervous condition it seemed as though the note took ages to appear in my inbox, though it was really only a matter of minutes. I opened it and read:

“But Jess, that’s just it. How could we get to know each other unless we meet? Yeah talking over the net is fine, but it’s better to see the person face to face.”

I sighed deeply at his reply and got up to go get another cup of coffee, instead of answering his response. I really needed more time to think about this, but I knew that if I didn’t respond to him quickly then he’d probably think me rude. I sat down, sipping my hot coffee as I looked at the black words printed on the screen. That little part of me started pushing again, “come on Jessica, you know you really want to do this. You know you find it to be exciting. You need to do it, put some zest back into your humdrum life!” 

I listened to my little voice and punched the reply button on the computer. 

“Okay, fine, let’s do it then. When could you be here?” 

Again, I waited nervously; he responded that he could take a vacation in a week. We set it up to where I’d meet him at the Kansas City Airport a week from Friday. 

I was on pins and needles waiting the day that I would meet him for the first time. I couldn’t help thinking to myself that I had made a mistake in inviting this man that I really didn’t know to my own home. I knew even though we were going to be with each other for a week that this was still going to be a long distance relationship. He had priorities in Australia and me, here, in Missouri, so this short fling would not last. I also couldn’t help but think that maybe we wouldn’t like each other when we were face to face, and that his trip might be a wasted one. But through all this tribulations I was still very excited to see him and when the day finally arrived for me to pick him up I was the most excited that I had been in a very long time. 

It took me most of the day to get ready. I soaked in the bath for an hour, and took another hour to fix my hair. I took special care to curl each one of my long red tresses, to give some bounce to my usually fine straight hair. It took me another half an hour to do my make-up. I gave special attention to my mouth and eyes, the two features I find to be my best. I made sure that the brown eye-liner curved around my slightly slanted cornflower blue eyes just right to give the allusion that they were bigger than what they really are. The light red lipstick I choose showed off the fullness of my lips, and the pout to my lower one quite nicely. It took me another hour to choose something to wear. I finally settled on a form-fitting light beige sweater, a pair of straight-legged jeans, and beige high heels. I stepped in front of the mirror to check myself. I nodded and smiled at my own reflection. The tight sweater, stopping right above the jeans, showed off my hour glass figure very well, and the heels gave my, normally five foot self, at least four more inches in height, in all I looked good.

I arrived at the airport early. I stopped in the coffee shop and got a mocha, and then went to find something to read while I waited for the announcement that the plane had arrived. While sitting in the terminal waiting area I looked at the novel that I had picked up. I couldn’t focus on it, I kept staring more at my watch, and decided that time had finally stopped. I glanced up and saw two men seated in the chairs facing me. They seemed to be together, probably taking a business trip, and they didn’t hide the fact that they were staring at me. I couldn’t hear what they were whispering about but their body langue let me know that it was about me. When one of the fellow’s eyes came into contact with mine, I smiled and nodded, then rolled my eyes and looked back down at my novel. It was not uncommon for me to receive this type of attention from the opposite sex, but I wished that these men could have been a little more secretive for their apparent lust towards me, especially today. I was too nervous to endure the natural behavior of men. 

I practically jumped when I heard the oh-hum voice of the announcer come across the speakers indicating the flight to Kansas City from Australia was unloading. I made my way to the gate and held my breath. I watched as people got off the flight, some going straight to pick up their luggage, others finding people they were suppose to meet. I began to get dishearten when the number of people began to slow down. I thought maybe he had decided not to come, but finally there he was the last person off the plane. I was stuck, I didn’t know whether to run up to him or wait. He spotted me and began to walk towards me. I felt my knees give out as I played it off with a big smile. My heart pounded, and my head became dizzy from the excitement and the fear of seeing him in person. I couldn’t look at him directly, so instead I looked up at his dark hair, and I figured it would at least give the allusion that I was looking directly at him. 

When he came within arms length, he scooped me up into his arm giving me a big hug. I hoped he didn’t feel my heart pounding hard in my chest as I hugged him back and gave a little giggle at the strength in which he hugged me. He broke the hug and kissed me on the cheek. I blushed with a mixture of embarrassment and sexual desire that was starting to build in me from seeing this handsome man in person for the first time. He moved away from me, holding me at arms length, like a father would, and looked me up and down which made me blush more. He gave a low whistle and a slight movement of his eyebrows let me know that he approved of what he saw. 

“Wow Jessi! You look great!”

I giggled again. I’ve always hated the fact that I giggle. It seems so childish to me, but when I’m nervous I can’t help it.

“You don’t look too bad yourself.” 

He nudged my chin with his fingers and winked. This caused another giggle and I looked down now in embarrassment from giggling so much. 

“Shall we go get my bags?” 

I looked back up, relieved that he ignored my embarrassment and nodded my head. We went and grabbed his luggage and started heading for the car in silence. But it was a comfortable silence unlike most quietness between two people that have met for the first time. 

When we got into the car he clapped his hands down on his knees and turned to me smiling.

“So what’s the plan?”

“Well, I figured that you’d be rather tired after all the flying so I’ve decided to take you back to my house and make dinner for you. Instead of trying to fight the crowds to go out.”

“That sounds great. I am a bit tired.”

“Well I’ll tell you what then. While I’m preparing dinner you can take a nap. Restore your energy.”

“Yes, looking at you I figure I’m going to need all the energy I can get.”

I playfully slapped his hand, “Oh stop!” 

The airport is an hour away from where I live and we spent the drive in that comfortable silence. He watched the scenery, though there really isn’t much to look at, and he controlled the radio. He flipped through the FM channels until he found a song he was interested in and then turned the radio up full blast. 

When we pulled up in my drive I looked at him. I could tell he was tired, his eyes drooped, and his mouth turned in. I smiled; he was cute when he was tired. 

“Well, you ready to take that nap now?”

“Most definitely.”

We entered the house and he went straight for the couch. I gathered up extra blankets and pillows and tucked him in. He smiled as he watched me busy myself with making him comfortable. Once I was sure I had done a good job I lifted up and looked at him. He grabbed my arm and pulled me down towards him. He kissed me more passionately than I was expecting. My first reaction was to pull away but I fought it off and returned the kiss. I broke it and pulled back smiling.

“Sweet dreams.”

“They will be.” 

I kissed his forehead and got up to go into the kitchen. 

As I prepared dinner I thought about the man that was lying on my couch. I thought about the fact that I had only been with him for a couple of hours and I already felt a sexual attraction to him. Usually it would take me a couple of days before I felt anything for someone, but then I couldn’t get the words of all his e-mails out of my head. This had to be the reason for the attraction; I had already been with him several times. Through words we had touched each other, through pictures we had seen each other naked, and so through fantasy what he had come here for had already been done. This made me slightly nervous. Words can be better than actual actions and I hoped that when the time came, when we finally lay down together, that he wouldn’t find my performance bad. I shook my head to get these thoughts out. 

When dinner was done and laid out on the table I went to wake him up. I called his name several times with no response. I came closer and shook his shoulder. He rolled and moaned lifting the blanket up over his head. 

“David. Come it’s time for dinner.”

I shook a little harder and he peaked out from under the blanket. He closed his eyes again and threw the blanket up.

“Come on sleepy head it’s time to eat. Aren’t you hungry?”

His voice was low with his sleepiness.

“Yes.”

“Then come on.”

“But I’m comfy! Five more minutes.”

He peeked out of the blanket again smiling. 

“Dinner will be cold in five minutes.”

I put my hands on my hips and tapped my foot. He moved, turning over onto his back, and with one quick movement grabbed my arm and pulled me down on top of him. I let out a squeak, the fast movement scaring me. I looked down at him to see him smiling. 

“Now I can sleep better.”

“Don’t go back to sleep! Dinner is getting cold!”

He shut his eyes and pretend snored. I tried to squirm out of his grasp but he tightened his arms around me. I let out a small frustrated growl and pulled up.

“Come on! Get up!”

I heard him holding back his laughter and I smiled. He opened his eyes again and pulled my head down to his giving me another passionate kiss. A small moan escaped me as I felt his tongue flick across my lips. I quit fighting and released another moan as his hips thrust up slightly and I felt his hardness through the blankets. He broke the kiss but kept his hand in my hair, lightly running his fingers through it. 

“Okay, I’m ready to eat now.”

He gave me a wicked smile, and I laugh as I moved off of him. 

At dinner we talked a little more but the conversation was lazy. We spoke as though we had known each other for years and the more we spoke the more comfortable I felt around him. After dinner we decided to watch a movie. He was still groggy from his flight, and I didn’t want to rush him out of the house if he was still tired. 

We decided on, “A Beautiful Mind.” I didn’t know if he had seen the movie and I warned him that the movie was long and some found it to be quite boring, but that didn’t seem to dissuade him into watching it. 

I came and sat on the couch with him as the movie started. I sat close and smiled when I felt his hand encircle mine. 

Half way through the movie he laid down again this time bringing me with him. I lay on my side with my back pushed up against his belly, and I smiled to myself when I realized how good I felt being in his arms. I turned around and looked at him after he had been quiet for a long time, I thought the movie might have put him back to sleep, since before he was making little witty comments about the characters and plot. He averted his eyes from the screen and looked down at me smiling. I smiled back, and he kissed me softly on the forehead.

“Like the movie?”

“Yeah it’s alright.”

“Too slow for you?”

“A little slow.”

“It gets better toward the end.”

“Really.”

He gave me a, I really hope you aren’t shitting about that, look and I smiled. 

“I’m not shitting. It does get better.”

“Well, I’ll just have to see about that.”

I rolled my eyes and looked back at the TV. 

I became engrossed in the movie, it is a brilliant piece of work, and having it based on a true story is even better, in my opinion. As I watched the movie, I began to feel his hand moving on my thigh. I looked down at it and watched as his hand went from my leg to my inner thigh. I smiled to myself and moved so my legs fell open. His hand moved from my inner thigh to my pussy and my hips thrust up to meet his fingers. I wished then that I had worn a skirt instead of jeans. I moaned when I felt him push his hardening cock into my ass and I pushed back. I turned my head to look at him, and his lips went to mine. I moaned as he began to push his tongue in and out of my mouth. He broke from fucking my mouth, and moved his hand from my pussy. I pouted slightly, until I felt his hands at the base of my shirt. 

I quickly turned the TV off and sat up a bit so that he may take off my shirt. In seconds I was naked from the waist up, from the heat of the moment and the coolness of the room, my nipples stood fully erect. He took no time at all to close his lips around one. My pussy began to throb as his tongue flicked slowly across my nipple, and I moaned loudly as I felt his fingers begin to play with the button on my jeans. I slipped off my shoes and lifted my ass off the couch as he began to pull down my pants. He raised his head and looked down when he realized that I had no panties on.

“No panties?”

“Never liked to wear them.”

He let out a soft moan with this piece of information and went back to sucking on my nipple. 

My body began to shake as his fingers found my hardened clit and began to move in slow circles on it. I shifted slightly in order to take off his clothes; I wanted him just as naked as I was. He seemed a little perturbed as I did this, since he had to stop his play with me, but he forgot all about it once I had taken his cock in my hands. He gave a moan as I began to softly stroke his thick long shaft. 

With his fingers on my pussy and his mouth wrapped around my nipple, I couldn’t help but feel the oncoming of an orgasm. I did not want to cum so quickly and moved off the couch on to me knees. He looked down at me surprised.

“What are you...”

“Shhhh..”

I moved my lips to his cock as I let out the sound, and smiled as I felt it jump in my grasps. I released my tongue and left a thin line of spit up the shaft as I filled my mouth with the head of his cock. His hands came down into my hair as I slowly took the rest of his cock into my mouth, moaning as I felt it hit the back of my throat. I glanced up at him to see his face lit with desire and amazement as I took his cock even further down my throat. I kept his cock deep in my throat, quickly moving the muscles, milking him. His moans became louder, and his breathing faster and I pulled up, letting his dick slip almost completely through my lips. I flicked my tongue across the head, and moaned at the taste of pre-cum. I sucked just the tip for awhile, before I swallowed down the whole thing again. His hands clamped down in my hair as I took him down my throat.

“God, Jessi, you give good head.” 

I moaned in response. I didn’t keep his cock buried my throat for too long this time, but began instead to bob my head up and down, fucking my own mouth with his dick. I felt his body tensing, heard him curse under his breath, and I smiled to myself, glad to be given him this pleasure. 

I felt his hips begin to move in time with me. He moved slowly, softly, and it wasn’t enough for me. He knew from letters that we had written that I like it just a little rough, but now I was going to have to remind him. I pulled up catching his cock in my hand as I let it pop out of my mouth. I stroked it hard but slow right under the head as I looked up at him.

“Fuck my mouth David. Fuck it hard!”

He looked a little apologetic, so I knew that he had remembered how I told him I liked it. He ran his fingers across my cheek.

“But I don’t want to hurt you.”

I smiled, “You won’t hurt me. Just do it. Please. It’ll turn me on so much.”

He nodded but did not respond. I place his cock back in my mouth, and placed my hands on his hips. He began to pump, softly again, and I squeezed him. He thrust a little harder, and I squeezed him again. He finally gave in and began to fuck my mouth hard and fast, his balls slapping against my chin. I moaned loudly, letting him know how much I was enjoying it. His hand came back down in my hair and he pulled slightly. I smiled as he fucked my face, knowing now that he was enjoying it just as much as I was. 

When he slowed down, I popped his cock out of my mouth again, and ran it across my lips and cheeks, flicking my tongue out when I brought it back to my mouth. 

“See that was nice wasn’t it?”

“Yes it was.”

He laughed softly, as he watched me run his dick along me skin.

“You’re a little bit of a slut, aren’t you Jessi?”

He said it teasingly but I could hear the lust in his voice.

“You haven’t seen slut yet David. This is just the beginning.” 

He moaned at my response and I moved off my knees and straddled his legs. I ran his hard prick across my clit, and we moaned in unison. I began to rub the tip of his cock harder and faster, I wanted to cum now. His eyes stayed down watching me masturbate with his dick. It didn’t take long before I felt the orgasm begin to wrap itself around me again. My eyes rolled back, I began to let out short low whimpers as the waves began to take over my body. But instead of bringing myself to a full blown cum, I shoved his cock into my pussy. I screamed as passion took over my entire being. My pussy clamped tightly around him as my juices began to shoot forth. His hands squeezed my hips hard.

“Oh fuck. That’s amazing!”

I wanted to smile at him or say something to him, but the orgasm wouldn’t allow it. Instead I moaned louder as my hands grabbed his shoulders tightly. I finally began to calm down and I opened my eyes and smiled at him as I moved slower, rocking back and forth, his cock still buried deep inside of me. 

“Liked that?”

“Hell yeah.”

“Good.” 

I gave him no more time to talk. I anchored my feet onto the couch, and began to bounce up and down, in a hard fashion. He didn’t allow me to stay this way too long before he moved me off of him. He positioned me on the couch, making me face the wall. He came up behind me, and thrust his dick deep and hard into my pussy. I moaned loudly as I felt his balls slapped against my clit. He held tightly to my hips as he pumped into me. I felt the onset of another orgasm and began to thrust with him, throwing my ass back as he pushed in.
