 An ice storm like this one can cripple a city. Power lines and phone lines were down everywhere. It would take days before the ice would melt enough to open the roads. The world has taken on a strange quietness that is eerie but somehow rather soothing – a nice break from the hustle of real life. I have plenty of food, water and firewood, and an excellent book to read by candlelight. I toss a few more logs on the fire to really get it burning hot, pour a drink for myself, and then curl up with a bunch of pillows and a puffy quilt on the floor to read.

I was so comfortable, completely lost in my book. So of course the doorbell rings. Damn. This neighborhood is quiet, with mostly single residents who are remote but personable. We keep to ourselves but help out when necessary. I was sure it must be one of them at the door, needing a flashlight, candle or something. Heaving a sigh, I left my cozy spot and made my way to the door, my helpful smile already in place. 

My mouth dropped open and I just stood there, staring at him in disbelief. I am so shocked, so pleasantly shocked but still not believing what I’m seeing. “What…..?” I barely start to speak when he kisses me and presses me back into the house, closing the door behind us. His answer is a smirk, a twinkle in his eye as he says “I thought you might get cold or lonely being stuck here like this, so I decided it was time for a road trip.” I still couldn’t get over it – he was here, right here, the last person I would have expected to show up at my door on any other day, but certainly not during a storm as bad as this. He kisses me again, hot lips on mine and I feel my body temperature start to rise. I am so thrilled he is here.

His eyes search the room as he strips off his coat and scarf and drops his backpack, his gaze landing on the big, comfy quilt and all the pillows next to the fireplace. It is warm in this room now, very warm suddenly. He bends to a knee near the edge of the blanket as he removes his boots, then pulls me down to him. We are kneeling, face to face, in front of this big, hot blazing fire, touching one another and I still can’t believe it’s real. His wonderful hands slide up into my hair, then down to hold my face. Cold hands are warming up fast from my hot skin and the hot flames, and now we are devouring each other, kissing hard. 

For a moment, there’s nothing but that kiss. A deep, hard, punishing kiss that I can feel all the way to my center. Now our hands are everywhere, his hands on my backside, mine on his excellent chest then moving on to other places. Clothes are falling away, hot skin touches hot skin and we still have hardly spoken a word to each other. I can feel his hardness against my thigh, rock hard and throbbing, and it makes me ache with need for him. I am soaked, wanting him so much I can barely breathe. 

“Lay” he whispers, nodding towards the quilt with his head. Intrigued, I do it, not the least bit self-conscious about the fact that I am now only wearing a tiny pair of panties. I stretch out, completely prone before him. He is still kneeling, resting his hands on his thighs and just staring at me. Slowly, his hands reach for my feet and start rubbing, so softly, so slowly at first, then digging in harder. Deep fingers probe my calves, moving up to my thighs and I can’t help but moan, it’s so intense. A light thumb grazes over my clit and I groan louder, grinding my hips up for more. No deal. 

He has moved on, fingers splayed on my rib cage, thumbs tracing circles on my waist, stroking. He is over me now, his hands resting on my breasts, kneading my flesh, torturing my nipples with pinches and touches. Those strong hands slide down the length of my arms to my own hands, locking my arms out to my sides, held firm in his grip. I am completely pinned down, by his hands, his weight on me and it is so sexy. His face nuzzles my neck, sending shivers all over me. A hard bite on my earlobe, then a nip on my neck, more soft bites on my chin, my lips. I am taken over by how turned on I am. Finally, a kiss, just a light one. He looks right into my eyes and I almost have to look away, it’s such a concentrated stare. After a moment passes he says softly, “Do you trust me?” 

All I can do is nod. He seems so focused, so sure of himself that I can only go along to find out what he has on his mind. My hands are still held tight in his hands, and he brings them together, up over my head. My eyes widen as I feel him start to wind something around my wrists. Something soft, his shirt sleeve maybe, a sock? I don’t know. He is done quickly, and my hands are tightly but comfortably bound. He kneels down by my feet once again, just looking at me. He’s so good-looking, so wonderfully fine even in just his shorts. I can’t stop staring at him, drinking in all the details of what he looks like, what his body looks like.

He reaches for his scarf and I am sure he’s going to use it on my ankles. I just think I have him figured out, then he moves right past my feet and heads up to my face with it. Softly, he places a kiss on each eye and then wraps the scarf around me, blindfolding me to everything. I start to protest but am quieted by a kiss and a soft “Shhhhh”.

Everything is strange now. All I can hear is the popping and crackling of the fire. I cannot see him at all; I have no idea where he is. I smell his scent, and the smoke from the fire mixing in. I hear a zipper being pulled, his bag I think, then nothing. Ahhhh, there he is, strong hands on my shoulder, he seems to be kneeling next to me. Fingers lightly stroke my hair, my temples and trace my jaw line, then find their way to my ears. Another surprise! A soft foam earplug is poked in there, then just as quickly, another in my other ear. Now I can barely hear anything, the fire seemingly way off in the distance and I can hear nothing from him. 

I open my mouth to speak but immediately his hot mouth comes crashing down into mine. His kiss is strong and in charge, his tongue lashing out at mine then pulling away to leave me wanting more. His burning mouth moves on, consuming my neck, my ears, and my chin then again, nothing. Just as sudden, his face is in my panties, scorching breath heating up the fabric, setting my clit on fire. I sense them being pulled to the side, then feel the slow push of a finger at my lovehole. Burning tongue on my clit, his finger finds it way inside the dampness and I am close to going over the edge. My hips buck of their own accord, straining to take him in deeper, to feel his tongue harder against my bud. 

My moans of appeal do nothing to help. He moves very deliberately, such long slow sweeps with his tongue, touching all the right places then slowly gliding away again. I am insane with the torture of this. I have never had such a long build up to an orgasm in my life, never been so close to release and not taken there. It’s all about me now, as his hands shift their torture to my nipples while his tongue and lips stay put, taking me to the payoff. All nerve endings are on fire, my peak is right there. I cum with a crashing force that rocks my whole body and takes my breath away. It seems endless, with waves and waves of pleasure throbbing through my pussy. 

I lay there spent, hands bound, deaf and blind to him and to this room, left reeling with my own intense satisfaction. It is amazing to me how alive my body feels, how aware I am of even the slightest movement or sensation near my body. He is gone from me and I have no idea where he is or what he is doing. My breathing slows a bit, my thighs are still wet with my own pleasure, and my clit still throbs. I am just about to say his name when he lands the sweetest kiss on my lips. Very gentle, very reassuring. He goes from me again. I feel the thump of a few logs landing in the fire and a blast of hot air washes over my already glistening body.

There he is again. I feel his hard, hairy thighs clamp down on either side of my hips. He is sitting lightly on the top of my thighs and I sense the heat and hardness of his shaft against my damp skin. It’s sultry hot here in our little haven. The heat of the fire licks at both of our bodies, causing little trickles of sweat. The fingers of one hand play lightly over my tummy, teasing. The other hand cups my face, then rubs my cheek. It’s such a sweet gesture and it relaxes me completely.

But then the cold comes! His fingers on my belly turn icy cold, and then I realize it is ice. From my drink, maybe from the freezer but it’s ice for sure. He traces little rivulets of sweat on my body with his ice cube, heightening every sensation. I am paying full attention again, aroused from my warm sweet stupor. The cold trail reaches up to my breasts, circling my nipples. They tighten as the ice gets smaller, then he slides it up to my lips. It is very small now and he pops it into my mouth, and I’m grateful for it. Another piece starts on my neck, a big one this time and his hot tongue follows the freezing ice as it slithers across my body. 

This goes on for several minutes, chilly ice chased by scorching tongue. Down to the cleft of my sex now, and I draw in my breath as he pokes an ice cube right up inside. I am burning hot in there and the icy chill is incredible. He stops all other movement to just watch, and there is nothing I can do except lay there, totally focused on that piece of ice, melting inside my throbbing box. The freeze borders on painful, but not uncomfortable. A trickle of hot water runs out mixed with my own hot juice and trickles down to my bottom, tickling me there.

With no warning, a large ice cube is dropped into my mouth. I struggle with it for a moment, trying not to choke on it, then he is there again. His hot tongue joins mine and we kiss passionately, ice swirling and melting, sending water down both of our chins. We devour each other until the ice is gone. He pulls back for a moment, then slips a few small ice pieces into my mouth, followed immediately by his rock hard hot cock. My cool mouth takes him in, my hot tongue and the cold ice rolling across his member. Sliding in and out of the wetness of my mouth, I give him every ounce of my desire to please him. His hands are fisted in my hair, urging me on then pulling me away, bringing himself to the edge. I cannot see him or hear him, yet I can tell that he is close to his climax. 

Driving harder now, then he pulls away and his molten load shoots onto my chin and chest. His rock hard thighs are clamped down tight astride my shoulders, hot skin against mine. I bring my bound hands down from above my head to touch him, and feel his heaving chest damp with sweat. Tense nipples under my fingers, hard chest muscles ripple as he breathes deeply from the strength of his orgasm. I sense him leaning to the side, reaching for something. I am wonderfully surprised by a warm wet cloth, softly wiping me clean. He strokes my face with it, and my neck and my breasts. His body slides to the side, stretches out next to me on the quilt and he pulls me onto my side, pressing me close to him. 

With one swift movement, my hands are freed. My fingers explore his body and face, amazed by all that I can sense without sight or hearing. Gentle fingers slip the earplugs out and then finally, my eyes are free to see his handsome face. Flickering firelight washes over us, bathing us in soft warmth. Fingers entwined, eyes locked, bodies touching yet the surreal quality of this afternoon lingers on. I find myself wishing the world would stay frozen, at least for a day or two, so this will not have to end. As we doze in the heat of the fire, I am wondering what else could be in his bag, what other things he has in his mind for us and I can’t wait to find out.