 He would come to her tonight. She knew it, could feel the anticipation as her mind filled with thoughts of him. She couldn't explain how she knew. It had been too long and her body was humming with the need for his touch. He always seemed to know, coming to her unannounced, confident of her welcome. Many times she wondered if he was even real. He played in and out of her life like the sunlight through the wind blown trees.

She knelt by the cold fireplace and gently drew back the screen. Her mind drifted into flashes of remembered touches and warm caresses as she lay the logs carefully, wanting to build the fire in the dark opening to match her own rising heat. The rasp of the match interrupted her reverie and she felt a flash of intense desire rush through her as the flame licked hungrily at the dry tinder and twigs. As the fire coursed through the logs, she felt the heat build on her face. The flickering shadows played on the walls around her, and she watched them dance. Her mind shifted into a dreamy montage of the smell of his skin, the feel of the wiry curled hair on his chest against her skin, the slightly salty taste of him against her lips. 

She sank back from the hearth onto the soft rug, languidly stretching on her side. Resting her head on her palm, she was acutely aware of the softness of her dark hair twining through her fingers. Every sense seemed to be heightened as she waited. She felt the warm softness of the fur beneath her, the heat of the fire still caressing her face. She closed her eyes to the shadowy ballet of the flames in the darkened room, reveling in the sensitivity created by the intensity of her vigil. Rolling onto her back, her breath caught in her throat as the knot of anticipation and desire tightened in her stomach. 

Softly, her fingers crept to her throat, stroking the hollow as her mind filled with memories of his touch. Her fingertips moved as her lover's would, barely grazing her skin, trailing slow lazy circles across her soft neck. Her hands moved slowly as she lay dreaming, softly stroking her breast. She imagined the touch was his, and became increasingly excited at the sensations. Moving with exquisitely sweet torture along her jawline, the soft stroking of a thumb just below her earlobe sent shivers through her. 

She licked her lips, aching for the warmth of his mouth on hers. Her breathing became more ragged as the soft touch moved lower. As if worshipping every inch of softness, her fingers explored the roundness of her shoulder, the yielding flesh of her arm and traveled slowly across her inner elbow, leaving a tiny trail of sensory flames. Her mind recalled his image as if he were there. She could almost see his strong features silhouetted against the firelight, his dark eyes slowly searching her face for her reaction as his fingers traced the inside of her wrist. Her body shuddered slightly as the sensual contact shot through her spine. She lifted one hand to her mouth, softly pulling at the bottom lip to let her finger slip inside. The soft warm wetness against her fingertip sent another shiver of delight through her. Her lips closed and sucked gently, drawing her finger in slowly, swirling a warm tongue around it in torturously sweet agony. She felt the sensation echoed below as her lips opened with the desire for him, feeling her own heat begin to flow. 

Her other hand moved to her waist, grazing the valley above her hip, and slowly stroked the cool white satin of her robe. Cupping the underside of her breasts, her nipples tightened in response to the soft smooth fabric nuzzling across them. Lightly her fingers circled the stiffened nipples and the surrounding skin. Her hips began to writhe slowly as her excitement grew, and she felt herself falling into a deepening abyss of desire. Circles of heat enveloped her, and she longed for his lips to gently push away the satin and replace its coolness with their warmth. Her back arched to meet him, feeling as if she couldn't get close enough. Her hands moved to her waist again, and loosened her sash. The robe fell open, exposing her flushed skin to the heat of the fire. Slowly moving her fingers up her sides, she let a soft moan escape as they softly swirled around her breasts again.

Lost in her memories, she suddenly sensed his presence and felt the proximity of his warmth as he lay next to her. As she slowly surfaced from her thoughts, they were quickly replaced by the rising desire for the reality of this man. He laid his hands gently on her stomach, stroking her, replacing her hands with his soft touch. She gasped at the intensity, so much stronger than her dreamy memory had provided. Her arms crept around him, fingertips stroking across his strong back, feeling the muscles bunched beneath his skin. Exploring the warm expanse of his body, her fingernails lightly grazed his skin as she felt his slight shudder in response. He moved up to her and his mouth captured hers. The flame of desire exploded into passion as she hungrily met his kiss. His hard body molded to hers as he pressed her to him, exploring the softness of her mouth with his swirling tongue. 

Breaking away softly, his lips traveled down the hollow of her throat, trailing tiny kisses along the way. His hands moved to her shoulders, dropping away the loosened robe. Stopping briefly at the stiffened nipples, he gently sucked one into his mouth and swirled the sensitive skin with his tongue. Her back arched involuntarily, closer to his sweet touch, as she felt the heady rush of her climax building. His hand caressed the other breast while his mouth continued its onslaught, taking her higher. Her hips moved under him, pressing against his rising hardness. His groan, stifled against her skin, inflamed her further, and she wrapped her legs around his, drawing him closer. The heat of his tongue continued its slow exploration down her stomach, forcing her legs to relax and fall open, welcoming him to her heated wetness. 

His lips softly brushed her soft thatch of hair, drawing a sharp gasp from her. Already she felt as though she would explode any second, as his lips, then his tongue, caressed her warm, slick opening. She felt herself blossoming at his touch. Briefly he paused, and his hot breath on her skin was agonizing. She writhed beneath him, trying to reclaim the contact. Swiftly his tongue darted out again, parting her lips and bathing her with his fiery touch. Up and down, slowly circling, he licked at her, drinking in her sweetness. She felt herself flowing, feeding him as he continued to lap hungrily. His fingers slid into her, as his swirling tongue drove her to heights of frenzy. She tossed her head from side to side, as the sensations spiraled deep inside her. He took her throbbing bud into his mouth and sucked gently, rhythmically. She exploded in her climax, waves of sensation crashing over her, again and again. He never let go, continuing to suck her, drinking from her fountain as her orgasm shook her with each wave. Finally, she began to return to earth, slowly riding the feelings as she floated down. His touch turned to gentle caresses, licking her juices as they continued to trickle from her. Her ragged breathing slowed and her pounding heart began to quiet. He came up to lie beside her, wrapping his arms around her. The warmth of his embrace wrapped her like a soft cocoon as peaceful contentment overtook her. His body heat, stretching along her length, soon refueled her passion and her hands began to explore him. 

Her fingers stroked his chest, playing lightly with the curly mat of hair. As she moved to one side, her fingertips found his stiffening nipple, and she lightly flicked across it, drawing a groan from him in response. Sliding across to the other, she continued to tease the little buds, as he began to move his hips against her. She dropped her hands, following the soft line of hair down his belly, briefly nuzzling his navel before continuing. She found his straining hardness, hot to her touch. Encircling the tip, she lightly scratched him, hearing his groan of delight. She slid down the length of his body, her tight nipples grazing his skin, as she placed tiny kisses along his flamed skin. Her fingertips never stopped their light teasing, stroking him lightly up and down, circling his shaft with her palm. Her head dipped below his belly and she replaced her fingers with her lips. His gasp let her know her timing was right, as he lifted his hips to meet her. She opened her warm wet lips to envelop him, letting her tongue sweep around him. His taste was salty and slightly tangy. 

She buried her nose in his soft hair drinking in his heady aroma. Bathing his shaft with her wet tongue, she took in more and more of him, until she held his full length in her warm mouth. His hips continually moved against her, pushing into her as his breathing became more ragged. She began to move up and down, tightening her lips around him, and her hand cupped his balls as her fingernails lightly raked the sensitive skin. She felt them tighten in her hand, and she relaxed her lips a little, moving back to the head, slowly licking him again. Her tongue traveled slowly down the length of his stiffness, and back up again. At the top, she stopped, and then suddenly opened her mouth wide to fully engulf him once more. He gasped at the intense sensations, and bucked against her. His balls drew up tightly in her hand, and she increased the rhythmic sucking and licking, moving up and down, turning her head to swirl around him. Her hair brushed lightly against his inner thigh and he groaned in torturous pleasure. She slowed, holding him back from the edge of release, and teased him lightly with her tongue. Her own juices began to flow again, as she got caught up in his building passion. 

She stopped, and dropping a quick little kiss on him, she lifted her mouth and straddled him. Lowering herself slowly, she felt his hardness nestle against her hot, slick opening. She held herself there for an instant, swaying back and forth, teasing him. Then she dropped, suddenly engulfing him with her heat. She gasped as he slid into her, and he rose to drive completely into her. She rocked slowly on him, feeling him at the back of her aching vagina. His hips moved against her, lifting her slightly with each movement. She matched his rhythm, building the intensity as their passion flared. She felt her orgasm swirling within her, as his thrusting cock pounded into her again and again. With a strangled cry, she came with an explosive clenching, her muscles tightening around him as his back arched, plunging deeply into her, his flood mixing with hers. She felt his throbbing deep within her as they both rode the waves of pleasure overtaking them.

She leaned forward onto his chest as his arms enveloped her, clutching her tightly to him. They lay in spent pleasure, hearts pounding as they began to recover. Breathing slowed, pulses returning to normal, his hands began to stroke her back softly, as she caressed his shoulders. She turned her head slightly and kissed the side of his neck, tasting the salty skin. He shifted slightly until they both lay on their sides, and she cuddled against him, feeling the heat of the fire against her back. His hands slowly continued their soft stroking, and she slept, a smile of contentment on her lips.

A loud crack from the fireplace, along with the insistent hissing of steaming sap, woke her. She found herself alone, still stretched out on the soft fur. Her satin robe lay beside her, but there was no trace of her lover. She looked around at the shadowy room, knowing she would find no clue that he had been there at all. Again, he had slipped in and out of her life, silent as a cat. Her body still felt his touch. It was so real, emblazoned on her body and mind. As always, she wondered briefly if he was just a figment of her imagination. Smiling to herself, she stretched out and pillowed her head on her arms. He was real, all right. His elusive lovemaking left her more satisfied than any dream ever could. Again, she slept as the firelight danced over her.