 My bare legs stuck slightly to the black leather of the hot seats as the engine roared into life and I grinned as I clutched the steering wheel in both hands. My right foot squeezed the throttle slightly and I felt the vibrations all up my leg as the 4.2 litre engine headed to my will. A hand reached over and gently touched my exposed upper thigh, "Fancy taking it for a spin?"

I flicked a stray curl over my shoulder as I turned my head to face him, "You sure you trust me with her?" I knew I had the look of the devil in my eyes as I said it and I saw a flicker of doubt in his eyes, but he nodded anyway. I winked and shifted her into drive, wheels spinning on the loose gravel as we sped out of the pub car park. Driving her was amazing, so much power and every engine spin caused me to get more and more excited, we must have been driving for about 20 minutes when he told me to pull over into a lay by he could see up ahead, I swung her in and skidded to a halt.

I was breathing deeply from the rush of the drive, the excitement of having control over something so powerful and beautiful. "OK my turn," He breathed at me, "Out of the car." Slightly disappointed I pulled the handle and slid out of the car, pulling my short summer dress down as I went, by the time I had settled myself he was standing next to me. I looked up into his deep blue eyes as he snaked an arm around my waist. "You are breathing rather deeply did that get you excited did it?" Before I had a chance to answer he locked his lips to mine and kissed me, I pulled him closer still, arms around his neck and tongue probing his hungrily. He slipped a hand between our bodies and felt my body through the fine fabric of the dress, roughly he groped my breasts, naked but for a single layer of fabric and hot from the summer heat and excitement, then his hand worked down and pulled the hem of my dress up. I may as well have been wearing nothing underneath given the time it took him to remove my panties. 

"Fuck me, you are excited, you dirty girl!" He hissed into my neck as he bit down making me squirm slightly against the discomfort. I could feel his large hands covering my shaved pussy as he rubbed the area, feeling the velvety smooth skin of my lips. With each movement he made I just got wetter and wetter desperate for some kind of penetration. I brought my hand down to his crotch and felt the firm bulge growing. He groaned as I rubbed my hip against him and pushed me away, forcing me back into the drivers seat. I sat sideways legs still out of the car as he slid it all the way back and pushed my legs apart. I tucked one leg back into the foot well and sat there, skirt up around my waist, bum on the hot black leather with the engine vibration driving me wild. 

He knelt down and took a good look at my pussy. Stroking it gently top to bottom with the tip of one finger, slowly his gaze moved up my body and our eyes met once more, I was so turned on I would have done anything for him. Suddenly he pushed his finger in, the sudden entry shocked me, and I gasped, gripping the seat anywhere I could. He rammed that one finger in and out so much harder now and faster, then slowed down, then slowly he pushed two finger in and rested his thumb on my clit. The joint stimulation plus the feeling of the leather on skin and the vibration was too much and as he began rocking his hand in and out I could feel myself tightening against him. He watched me, at arms length for a couple of minutes getting me wetter and wetter, moaning softly. Then he moved forward and kissed my neck, down across my chest and down to the swell of my breasts. I pulled the dress up and let him nuzzle his face against the delicate skin of my tits. His mouth moving kissing, nibbling, biting, finding a nipple and sucking hard, he griped the hard nub between his teeth and rubbed his tongue over it, gripping the seat harder I forced my body against him and gushed all over his hand, my pussy clenching around his fingers for a good few seconds after I stopped screaming. When I opened my eyes he was standing up holding his hand out to help me up. I took it and let him walk me around the front of the car. He positioned me sitting on the front lip, right above the roaring engine, he pulled my dress up so my bare buttocks sat on the matt black paint work, it was hot against my arse but not uncomfortably so and the vibrations direct onto my sensitive cunt were amazing. He took a step back so he could undo his bet and drop his trousers to expose his cock. The early evening light was golden on his bare arms and large hands as he pulled it out, I bit my lip, knowing there was another orgasm building in me from the pulsing metal under me. He pushed my legs further apart with his legs, now bare and held his cock steady as he guided it to the entrance of my wet hole. His other hand held my head as he kissed me again before he forced the whole 8 inches of cock up into me. His hand tangled in my dark curls, his mouth hungrily taking every gasp of air I had as he penetrated me. I could feel myself cuming again and I lifted my legs up, wrapping them around his back and holding him into me. As my orgasm subsided I relaxed and he slid out of me.

Pulling one arm he turned me around to face the car, "Look at the mess you made on my bonnet." I saw the slightly damp, glistening patch of cum shiny against the matt finish. "And all after you made such a mess on my leather too." One hand was gently caressing my belly and waist from behind, inside my dress, the other came down hard on my arse, "You are a bad, dirty girl!" He hissed as I recovered from the sudden shock of the spank. I loved it.

He pushed me forwards roughly until I was sandwiched between his legs and the front of the Firebird and its roaring engine, he spanked me again, this time with enough force to push me over the bonnet and onto my hands, pushing my lower back down, my arms buckled and I lay face down on the hot metal. The feeling was incredible, the vibrations in my exposed breasts and his hand pressing my crotch down onto the lip of the bonnet. "Oh you like that don't you, the vibration from that lovely, big American Engine?" I couldn't speak I was on the verge of cuming again, The heat and the smell of fuel mixed with the constant buzzing all over my body was too much, I let out a scream as the orgasm washed over me, the release was amazing, but he wouldn't let me up, instead forcing his cock in me once again.

From behind it felt much bigger and I could feel his balls slapping up against me with each heavy thrust. I imagined the pistons below me and their thrusting motion driving that gorgeous beast that was now driving me wild. The sensation was too much I was now writhing and screaming constantly, wave after wave of orgasm was exhausting me, but he just laughed and thrust harder, each thrust increasing the vibration on my clit and keeping my arousal at its peek, then he thrust one last time and came, easing his hand of my back and allowing me room to move for the first time.

As he slipped his cock from me I turned around and leaned back against the car and opened my legs to allow a trickle of his spunk to run down and onto the chrome. Oh dear, I made even more mess, I wonder what my punishment for that will be.