 "Oh, no, I was just thinking about men."

"Oh? The first time wasn't with a man?"

"Um-hmm. Shocked?"

I was, but thought if she could admit it, I wanted to hear the story, and then hoped that it would be instructive. I snorted and said: 

"A little, but if it happened, ... was the first time?"

"For me too."

"You did it, too?"

"Hmm? Afraid that I did it first."

"Oooh! Hope you liked it.!"

"Oh yes."

"Tell!"

"But then you'd better do it real good."

"As good as I can. Maybe I'll learn something."

"Maybe. I hope so."

"It was during flight-attendant training. We shared rooms. My roommate and I weren't close friends, but got on well, but were usually pretty private about being naked, usually using the bathroom separately. She came from a pretty conservative religious background, but wasn't a virgin -who is, these days - but certainly hadn't been doing it like I had - and most of the girls in the program, most of us welcoming some action when we could get it. That was a new environment for her, also the big city, and maybe a little infectious, being away from home and that background and all. Anyway, she was dating too, when she could, but more with just one man than we - maybe than I - to be fair to the rest. One evening towards the end of our course, she was going out with him, and it sounded like they might end up in his apartment, and she was looking forward to it, had asked to use my best perfume. Yeah, it seemed like they would probably do it.

"I didn't have a date that night, and was in bed in the dark when she came home. She was as quiet as she could be and left the lights off, and I pretended to be asleep, wondering that she was back earlier than I had expected. Then she got in bed, and after a few minutes, I heard her doing it to herself. We both did it sometimes, when we didn't think the other would notice, but probably she had noticed that I had done it, though we never mentioned it. Anyway, it surprised me, her doing it after what should have been a good date, and it was a little arousing to hear her, hear that she was becoming more aroused. 

"Finally, without thinking about what I was saying, just to let her know I was there, I whispered: 'You need any help?" She was suddenly still and I thought I heard her feet slide down the bed. Then she said: 'Oh, you're awake. I didn't want to disturb you. What did you mean?' Then I realized what I had said and replied: 'It just sounded like you needed help. I didn't mean it that way."

"'Oh,' she said, sounding a little relieved. 'I thought it was going to be the big date,' I continued. 'Didn't it work out? What happened?' She was silent for a moment and then replied: 'Oh, it was going fine, and we were in his place and ... uh, ... had off most of our clothes, and then ... uh, ... then he wanted to kiss me ... uh, ... not on my mouth ....' I realized that he wanted to do what were talking about, and realized that where she came from that must be a taboo, that she hardly had words for it. 

"'Um-hmm,' I replied. 'But I didn't want him to; I don't do that. I think it's wrong, and ... and that it must be nasty, kissing someone there ...' 'But you washed before you went out.' 'Yeah, I know, but still ..., I just didn't want to, want him to. Oh, we made out some more, and he was touching me ... - ooh, did I say that? I never talked about doing it before with anyone - but I was turned off, and finally we stopped and got dressed, and I took a taxi back.' I was silent for a moment, and she continued: 'But I guess I was so worked up - even in the restaurant - that I wanted to do it now. Oooh, funny, telling you about it. I'm glad the lights are out; I'm blushing.' 

"'That's all right,' I said, 'everybody does it, even good girls, like you.' She giggled, and then said: 'Yeah, I guess. I'm not as good a girl as they think at home, wanting him to get in my pants ... but not that way. I wasn't that much of good girl back there. They still think I'm a virgin.' And she giggled again, and I thought that maybe they had been drinking too, and chuckled with her, and then said: 'Don't worry about me, if you want to do it, if it helps.' She giggled again, and then asked: 'You really don't mind?' 'Hm-umm,' I replied, 'and if it does, it will only turn me on, and maybe I'll do it too.' 'Oooh, that would be funny, both of us lying here doing it to ourselves, and she giggled again, and I thought for sure that she had a little too much to drink, and then heard her draw her knees up again, but she was real quiet about doing it now. 

"But I knew she was, and was aroused at the thought of her finger moving on her, or maybe in her, wondering how she did it, and then thinking, she knows I'm here and can hear her, even if she isn't making a sound, and nothing said we couldn't still talk, and said: 'You should have let him do it to you. Lots of people do, and like it.' 'Oh?' she said, and then after a moment: 'Really? ... You must know then.' 'Not really, but I know girls who do.' 'Oh,' she said, and she was silent for a few moments, but now I could hear that she was doing it, an occasional little moan, but not getting better, and I thought that my presence was probably inhibiting her, and now really wondered if she needed any help, and finally repeated my first question. 

"She was silent for a moment more and then giggled again and said: 'It seems like it. It doesn't want to get better,' and giggled again at her having said that, and I wondered what I was offering, what could I do to help her, and then asked before I knew what I was saying: 'Want me to suck your breast?' 'You want to?' she replied immediately this time. 'If you want me to. It might help. Yeah, I would like to.' She was silent again for a moment and then whispered: 'If you want to.'

"I slipped out of my bed and knelt beside hers in the dark and found the edge of the covers and turned them back. 'You really want to?' she asked, and I nodded and then said 'umm-hmm' realizing that she couldn't see me nod, and touched her shoulder and then found her breast with my hand, covered by her nightgown. 

"She wore long, old-fashioned nightgowns, but, of course, she had it drawn up to her hips, and I slid my hand down and drew it up further, as far as I could, and she raised her hips and let me pull it up further, until my hand was back on her bare breast, not as big as mine, but her nipple was stiff, and when I played with it, I felt her body move from her nodding her head, and then I found it with my mouth, holding her breast with my fingers to press it up to my mouth and sucking and licking, and enjoying it, knowing it was feeling good for her, and could feel that her hand was moving on her, and that she was enjoying it now, less restrained about not making any sound, sighing and moaning more openly. 

"And then I felt her slide her other hand from under the covers and come up under my shorty nightgown and find my breast, her hand so much smaller than a man's, and her fingers delicately finding my aroused nipple, rolling and pulling at it gently like a girl would know felt good, and it did, and I nodded, and then she whispered: 'That feels good, what you're doing, ...' and I nodded, '... and touching you. I always wanted to hold another girl's breast,' and I nodded again. 'Is that ... funny?' I shook my head, and then released her nipple and replied: 'I don't think so. I always wanted to too, both ways. It's nice,' and I found her nipple again and felt her nod, and felt that she was moving her whole hand, probably with a finger in her pussy, and felt the fingers of her other hand extend to hold my whole breast, squeezing it as I sucked and her hand was moving on her pussy. 

"And then she didn't say anything else as she became more aroused, moaning and enjoying it, making me just as aroused to know she was, that she was wanting to come, and hoping she could, and then her hips moved, her whole body moved as she clung to my breast and moaned and gasped, whimpering, and I knew she was coming and was so happy for her, and aroused myself, wanting to hold my own, but found and stroked her cheek with the backs of my fingers instead, and when it was over, she moved her head like a cat against my fingers in appreciation.

"Finally she spoke: 'Thank you, that was so good. I guess I did need help,' and then she giggled again. I licked her nipple again and then raised my head and stroked her cheek again and said: 'I'm glad, thank you too,' and held my other hand to hers on my breast, 'I liked doing it, helping you." She just squeezed my breast in reply, and rubbed her cheek on my fingers. I don't know why - of course, I do now - but then I asked if I could get in bed with her, and she just nodded on my fingers, and then moved over, which surprised me at the time, her simple acceptance of my suggestion, but I guess now, that her having let me help her may have made it difficult for her to refuse, or maybe the intimacy just made her accept it, my suggestion. And I was thinking that she was naked up to her breasts - she only wore panties under her nightgown when she had her period - and slipped my bottom down over my hips before I stood up and stepped out of it as I got into bed with her.

"It was so nice and warm in her bed. I hadn't spent the night with a man yet, then, just having sex, like with my cousin, so it was a new experience to just be in someone's warm bed. ... No, it was like when I was little girl, being in my mother's bed. We just lay there for a moment in silence, facing each other on the single bed, and I was wondering what was going to happen, wondering that I had asked and she had agreed. Finally she said: 'Mmmm, this is like when I was a little girl, sharing a bed with my sister. We slept together till we were six or seven and moved to a larger house where we could have separate rooms, for my brothers too, one was older, the other younger than we were.' 'I don't have any brothers or sisters,' I replied. 

"'Oh,' she said, just in recognition of what I had said, and we were silent again, and I was thinking that she was probably wondering like me what was going to happen, wondering if she just expected me to say goodnight and go back to my own bed, or suggest that I do it some way, but then she drew her knees up a little to make it more comfortable to being lying on her side. We both had them straightened out when I got in bed, but that is uncomfortable, balancing on your side like that, and then I drew mine up a bit, and touched her knees, but she didn't react, so I didn't either. 

"I had one arm under my head and the other on my side, both of us avoiding touching each other in the narrow space between us, but then I brought my hand up from my hip, between us, touching her forearm with mine, and then we both relaxed a little, letting our weight shift towards each other, and just lay there, both of us now even more relaxed at having accepted we could lie more comfortably touching that way. In the dark stillness, I felt her breath on my face and realized that hers was so close, and that she must feel mine.

" 'This is nice, she whispered, 'like with my sister sometimes - when we hadn't been fighting. You missed that, with no brothers or sisters - well maybe you didn't miss it. I could have done without it.' 'Um-hmm,' I agreed. 'This is just nice,' she added, and was silent. And I thought it was too, all warm and cozy, feeling her warm breath on my face, and I was hoping it felt the same for her. Well, of course, it did; she had said so. Then she whispered again: 'You think they really let them do it to them? And like it?' 

"It took a moment before I understood what she was asking. 'Um-hmm,' I replied. 'And they like it too, apparently, the guys that do it, ... from what they say, the girls.' 'Oh,' she said and was silent again. 'I wonder how many do it?' she then asked. 'I don't know,' I replied, 'the good ones,' and I smiled, but then realized she couldn't see me, 'from the way the girls talk about it.' 'They talk about it?' I heard the surprise in her voice. 'Not really, just that they had done it. ... I'm still waiting to find one.' She giggled and then said: 'Maybe you should go out with him, ... or maybe I should ...' and I was wondering if she would get another chance, and if she would really then let him do it.

" 'You'd really let him do it?' she asked. 'Um-hmm, if he wanted to. I know it would feel good.' I felt her nod her head, and then she said: 'Yeah, I guess so, ... oh, sure it would, ... but I can't really imagine him liking it.' 'He wanted to,' I replied. 'Yeah, I guess ...' she answered and was silent again as it suddenly came back to me - with my little girlfriend - I knew how it felt - yeah, both ways - good, and certainly better now! 

"Then I felt her move her feet, felt them touch mine, not intentionally at first, but when I moved mine, touching hers, and she responded, it was evident that we both wanted a little more contact. Well, that's my interpretation now; at the time, I was just feeling it nice to touch each other a little more. Well, I guess that's about the same thing. Anyway, it was nice, and I put my foot over hers, rubbing it a little, and then raising my knee over hers so that our calves were overlapped, and she was liking it ... I've forgotten how I knew, but she did something that made me think so, and I had a sudden urge to hug her, to feel her body against mine, and moved my hand down onto her arm, down along her forearm and the up past her elbow, and she didn't say anything or stop me. 

"No, now I remember, she pushed her hand forward and touch me with the back of it, rubbing it a little on my chest, and I felt her breath as she sighed quietly, and felt her draw a deep breath and sigh again, and then she whispered: 'May I hold your breast again?' And I nodded, 'If you want to, if I can hold yours,' and she giggled softly and nodded as her hand slid down to the bottom of my shorty nightgown, at my waist and then touched my hip, and she said: 'Oh! You don't have anything on!' 'You don't either,' I replied as my hand left her arm and slid over the folds of her nightgown and touched her bare skin. 'I know,' she replied with a little giggle, 'but I thought you did. And then our hands found each other's breast again, playing with each other's nipple, and then all reserve was broken. 

"Our legs moved, holding each other's thigh, and I slid my other hand down to her waist, holding her at her hip, stroking her with my thumb, and then slid my hand down onto her stomach, and felt her clench my thigh as she anticipated that I wanted to touch her, maybe before I knew I would dare to, but her reflex only encouraged me, and I wanted to, and slid my hand down and touched her hair and felt her clench me again and moved my fingers on her hair, further down, on the curve of her pussy, and she only sighed and squeezed my breast, and I felt her raise her thigh slightly, inviting me to touch her, to slip my hand further, to let my fingertips find their way onto the bare skin at the start of her lips. 

"I was so aroused, wanting to, and then I was touching her, on her aroused clitoris, already firm, and she gasped and clutched my thigh with hers and then raised it so I could move on her, move on her moist inner lips and slide down and feel her opening, and she only sighed and moaned, wanting to feel me arouse her, and I did, and it was feeling so good to touch her, and I whispered: 'I want to kiss you,' meaning I wanted to kiss her pussy, but she pressed her face forward, finding my mouth with hers, and we kissed, gently, and then with our tongues as my fingers moved on her, and it didn't seem unusual at all the be kissing a girl.

"Then I whispered: 'I want to kiss you like he did,' and she just nodded slightly and let me move my head down, kissing her breast as my finger moved on her, and then moving my head further, turning on the bed, sliding my mouth down her side, down to her hip, and she sighed and rolled her hips back and opened her thighs as my mouth slid further and I moved my legs up to the head of the bed and then slid my mouth down to her hair and was lying with my face to her pussy and then held her waist with both hands and kissed her hair and moved my head further down between her open thighs until my lips and tongue found her aroused and open lips and her firm clitoris, and she gasped again and brought her thighs up, under my head, and over it, curling her hips up to let me have her. 

"So good exploring in her cunt, her inner lips and her hole. Of course, I knew what what felt good, and she pressed it up to my tongue, inviting me to thrust it into her, gasping as I did, again and again, fucking her with my tongue. And it was so good, and to know how good it was for her, to know how it felt for her to have me doing it to her like I knew it would feel for me on my mushie. 

"And then I felt her hand brush my hair and then slide over my hip and felt her raise her head, and I brought my thigh up under it and felt her mouth on my hair, and raised my other thigh, and she pressed her mouth to my hair, kissing, and then I felt her tongue exploring in my hair, at first just a little, and then moving further around, further down, touching the bare skin at the start of my lips, and she moved her head a little further and let her tongue slide up and down my lips, and I rolled my hips in towards her and raised my thigh a little, inviting her to go further, to really touch me, and then her tongue slipped in between my lips, and I knew I was all moist and hoped she liked it as her tongue slid up and down between them. And then she drew me to her and buried her face between my thighs and was no longer just exploring, kissing and sucking, and then eagerly arousing me with her tongue. 

"And then we were both doing it, all over each other with our mouths, making it so good for each other, doing what we knew the other would like, in our holes and then on our clitorises, and it was so good, doing it and the way she was doing it to me, just on and on, making it so good, making our hips quiver against each other's mouth until we both came, came so good!"

I moaned in response to her arousing story, and she rubbed my hip and said: 

"But not as good as you made me come, but as good as I had then." 

"Better than with your cousin?"

"Hmm? Maybe not, different, and another first time."

"And then?"

"We just held each other. By now, both of us had our hands around the other's ass, and we just hugged each other that way, hugging our bodies together, feeling our stomachs pressing together with our deep sighs. Finally she spoke after a long sigh against my pussy: Oooh, oh my gosh!' I nodded with my head still between her thighs. 'Did I really do it too?' I nodded again, and then moved my head back and said: 'Um-hmm, thank you, real good.' 'Oh my gosh!' she said again and was silent and loosened her hold on me, letting our bodies separate, and then took her upper hand from my hip and extended her leg, and I did to.

"Then she spoke again, almost in a whisper, apparently continuing her thoughts out loud:

'and I wanted it, for you to do it, and then I wanted to do it too! Oh my gosh!' I hugged her ass again, and then we were still for a long time, and then I felt her hand stroke my ass, just familiarly stroking, like you do a pet.

" 'Oh my gosh!' she said again, 'I wish I'd let him do it; it was so good.' I nodded, and she was still again, and I was wondering that she hadn't said anything about two girls doing it together, not bothered myself by having done it. I had wanted to - like you, curious to try it. 'You don't mind that I did it?' she finally asked, 'I mean two girls ...?' I shook my head and then after a moment answered: 'Hm-umm, I wanted to, wanted to do it, to know what it was like, and to make it good for you. We were so aroused.' She nodded on my thigh. 'It just happened, and was good, ... and it was so good when you did it to me.' She nodded again and stroked my ass a little. I'm glad we did it,' I murmured.
