 Silken. Smokey. Slightly raspy and sooo sexy. A cat's tongue of a voice. I listened, rapt, as he told me how hard he was for me; cock dripping, wanting to paint my lips with it. My fingers slid unerringly beneath my silk robe, caressing my breast, rolling the already erect nipple as he instructed me to. "Mmm. Are you wet for me baby?"

"Yes. Wet and throbbing."

"Good. I'll be there at 9. I want you to leave the door unlocked for me. Put on that sexy gold and black corset thing for me. Hmm, love the way you look in that; so hot baby. Oh, yeah, wear the black stockings and heels too."

"Ok."

"Now, I want you to wait for me, down on all four, in front of the lit fireplace; no other lights. Wait facing the fire. Don't speak. Don't look at me. You will do everything I tell you without question or hesitation. Can you handle that?" Laughing nervously I answered, "yes, I think I can."

"Be very sure... are you ready for this?"

"Yesss." Click. I sat there for a moment wondering what on earth I had gotten myself into this time.

I lolled in the hot steaming bathtub for the longest, dreamy, trying to relax, but feeling the delicious anticipation building. It was so tempting to just make myself cum, but I wanted to keep that edginess. I shaved carefully, then smoothed scented lotion over my skin, lingering at the tops of my thighs, stomach and breasts. The satiny gold and black corset went on first; each little hook cinching me in tighter, nipples barely concealed by black lace edging. The black lace g-string, which irritates so delicately came next and fit snugly against my bare mound. I sat back and smoothed black silk stockings over each leg, attaching the garters at the tops. After stepping into black high heels I started the fire, then sat waiting, sipping a glass of dark, sweet port. I watched as the tongues of flame at first licked tentatively at the wood, then curled hotly over the surface. It claimed and greedily lapped at the logs. My body tingled jealously in anticipation and nervousness as I listened for the sound of his car in the drive. At last I heard his arrival and moved into position.

I knelt on the floor, then went to all fours, head down; waiting. The sound of gravel crunching beneath the window told me he was looking in, making sure I'd followed his instructions. Damn, I was so nervous and excited. I heard the door closing and his steps nearing the room as I continued to wait on hands and knees. I listened to the sound of his clothes rustling as he removed them, then the couch creaking as he sat down. And I waited for what seemed an eternity for him to say anything. Finally I heard his husky voice. "Good. I'm pleased you've been so obedient." I could hear him move closer, then felt the first whisper light touch of his fingertips down my spine, along the lacings of the corset, over my ass and down my thigh. 

I stifled a moan as his hand ran up the inside of my thigh, fingers tracing the g-string as my flesh quivered. My pussy was wet already and he could feel it through the lacy fabric. I could smell my heat as it drifted past me to race up the chimney. I gasped as he pushed aside the flimsy cloth and parted my lips with his fingertips. His finger slid in so easily, then 2, while he ran the other hand upward along my stomach and captured a breast. Fingers stroked in and out smoothly as I fought to remain still. I bit my lip to stop the whimper that threatened to escape as he rolled and lightly pinched my nipple. He pulled his fingers out of my slick pussy and trailed them up and down my slit, higher to my ass and back down to my clit to circle there. I was ready to scream at him to please just fuck me, when I felt his cock pressing against my hungry hole. 

He teased me more by sliding it up and down my throbbing slit. In frustration, I pressed back against him, wanting to end this torture and was meet with a sharp stinging slap on the ass. "Behave now, or you'll get more of that," he growled out. He slowly pressed his cockhead against me, so that just the head was in me and held there; teasing, taunting me, daring me to move again. After a bit he pressed against me, cock slowly sliding in, stretching, filling me, till his balls were pressing tight against my clit. He started stroking in and out; slow, easy, fingers caressing my ass. He kept talking, telling me how hot and sweet and tight I felt around his cock. 

His thumb pressed against my assbud, I tensed and was rewarded with another slap. Both cheeks stung hotly now and I forced myself to relax when he pressed again. His thumb slid in, my pussy clenched down hard on his shaft with each stroke and he started to moan. Damn, but it hurt so good. His hands gripped me tightly and rocked me back and forth on his throbbing cock; deep, fast. The heat of the fireplace washing over me was nothing compared to the heat of him against and in me. I felt consumed as orgasm rocked me. The explosion arched my back and I cried out in surprise at the suddenness and intensity of it. My cunt and ass spasmed tightly around his invading digit and cock. He slammed hard into me and ground out his own orgasm as he spurted hot cum deep inside of me. 

I felt him pull out, the juice running down the inside of my thighs. He moved around to the front of me, grabbed my hair and pulled gently to lift my head up. I saw his still hard and glistening cock right in front of me. "Lick it off now, like a good girl," he commanded. I licked and sucked up and down his cock, savoring the taste of our mixed cum. He finally pulled away, told me I could relax and I watched silently as he got dressed and prepared to leave. "You did very well babe, that was hot, see you tomorrow."