 “Baby, this is a shitload of food.”

“I told you sweetie, these parties are madness.” I’d met Sofie after the summer and so she’d never seen what these parties were like. They weren’t big rowdy drink and fuck fests, but they were drunken debauchles all the same. Basically we all climbed into Ralph’s navigator and drove two hours out of the city to spend close to a thousand dollars on food and booze for three days. So with $400 worth of food loaded into the back of the back of the giant landboat next to the booze, everyone climbed back in for the final forty five minute drive into the deep-ass wilderness where Ralph’s summer home was nestled.

Sofie was leaning on my arm in the back row of the navigator and staring at how brilliantly the stars shone this far out of the city when as we drove up the heavily wooded dirt drive to the house. It felt nice to feel her fingers dig into my belly as the motion sensitive garage lights snapped on and the house came into view from the near-primordial blackness it was built in.

Ralph unlocked the front doors and went around back to turn on the pool heater as I made the barefoot trips through the gravel unloading the groceries, booze and luggage. I almost fell and killed myself watching Sofie’s tight little rear end wiggle in her ultra low-rise jeans, the slightest bit of a powder blue v-string thing peeking out the top, as she ascended the stairs to tour the house. It took me a minute to compose myself as I thought about just how lucky I was. This was going to be a great weekend.

And it was. It started that night when Sofie and I made love. After we were all settled in for the evening the lot of us went onto the deck in back to have some drinks. Everyone picked a lounge chair, Sofie and I sharing one, and sat back to tell jokes, pass a joint, and drink martinis. Relaxing after a tough week, Sofie just leaned into me and smiled lazily as she twirled her fingers in my curls. Her other hand scratched lightly at my chest. She was like a sleepy, affectionate cat purring at my side.

We all turned in around 2 A.M. After all, tomorrow was going to be a hell of a party. Sofie and I retired to a guest bedroom and I sat unpacking my small duffel. She sauntered up to me after having changed into a pair of really short cut off shorts, the front pockets protruding out from where the rest of the crotch once was. These again were of the ultra low-rise variety and I saw the same pastel blue straps peering out at me from the top. The effect was of a denim belt framed by pale amber skin. The near 100 degree heat and relentless New York State humidity had turned her shouted sexual statement of a thin, white baby tee shirt into a whispered suggestion of a garment. Her super sensitive brown nipples were staring straight at me. She stalked straight up to the edge of the bed and put her hands on my shoulders and I could smell the familiar scent of Sofie Aroused wafting through her jeans and up at me.

I’ve always loved the salty and tangy smell of pussy: the mingling of lust, sweat, and nervousness. Every woman smells different, but the common scent is that underlying odor of arousal that every female animal emits to let the local boys know what she needs. Sofie smells just like that, and nothing more. She IS arousal and it never fails.

I was so caught up in the raw scent of her that it took me a second to notice her shoes. Sofie’s earned herself several repeat performances simply by walking away from the bed; her legs get me every time. To put it into the most understandable terms I can: I’m generally considered to be all limbs. Sofie is fully a foot shorter than I yet we have the same inseam. After a few weeks with me she really started to show off her legs to me and she was getting almost too good at it. She was wearing a five inch heel stapled to a quarter inch thick slice of highly polished black shoe leather. It was attached to her foot by a few straps of black leather over the toes and around the ankles. What her jeans had hidden from me were the other straps of leather that latticed their way over her flawless and smooth calves and tied in a bow three inches below her kneecaps.

I looked up at her face and tried to speak. She gazed lazily down at me through half lidded eyes and simply pushed back on my shoulders lightly. As I went down she crawled over me. Between the hypnotic length of her legs and the air of intent about her supple movements I felt as If I was about to be devoured by some kind of predator. I snapped off the lamp on the bedside table and rolled on top of her, her arms wrapping around my neck automatically in the process. I saw the look behind the thick pools of bittersweet chocolate she had for eyes and it smashed me in the face with a reminder of just how I feel about her. I started trembling as my hands slipped behind her head and I pulled her face to mine. After we kissed my eyes glazed over with tears with the revelation that I have no right to be this lucky. Her own eyes welled up while she smiled at me when she saw the surge of emotion on my face. She sat up and redraped her arms over my shoulders and whispered “sarang hesayo” against my lips before she scorched my soul with another kiss.

I peeled her shirt up over her shoulders and she took the act of lifting her arms as an opportunity to remove them from my neck. This gave her the impetus to run her hands down to the top button of my guyabana and pop it open. Her fingernails scraped lightly down my chest to the next button, then the next, all under her own intense gaze. Once my shirt was dealt with she bit her lip and smiled into my eyes. She giggled at my shivers as her fingernail traced down my abdomen to the button on my long cargo shorts. It popped open as she grabbed my collar and pulled my shirt back down over my arms. Her hands were working on the buttons of my fly as I lifted my arms out of the pools of sleeve at my wrists and I leaned forward to lay her down.

I lifted my ass in the air to give her the leeway to yank my shorts down to my ankles. As I stepped out of them I ran my fingertips down her tight thighs and under her knees. Back around the front of her legs I pinched the leather thong that tied her shoes to her feet. “Leave the shoes,” she breathed. I smiled at the thought and ran my hands back up inside her thighs until I reached the fly on her shorts. The top portion had been roughly sheared away as well to maximize the next-to-nothing effect of her shorts leaving only the copper zipper to deal with. It took forever to slide her shorts down her miles of legs but seeing the sheer material of her panties waiting when I returned was worth the trip. The blue fabric was thin enough to show off her flawlessly waxed mound and she had soaked through the bottom. The effect of saturating her panties made it look as if her chocolate colored labia had a thin stream of sky blue water running over them.

I paused and knelt before her. The moonlight through the window gave her shiny black hair a deep blue gleam. Combined with the body out of an adolescent fantasy it made her look like a comic book heroine. As I leaned back down over her, a strand of precum stretched its way down to her belly. She giggled at her own shivering this time and wrapped an arm around my shoulder. “Feels like somebody’s more than ready,” she whispered as her other hand encircled my shaft.

“I want you” was all I could muster by way of a reply. My hands slid under what were probably panties when she put them on but where now simple a wet, gauzy film between me and the only pussy I ever cared to slide into ever again. She was slowly tugging my cock down to her and I barely had time to peel the slick fabric to the side as she guided me into her. We shared a gasp as the head of my cock slipped effortlessly into her. She was tight enough that I would have had trouble getting into her if she didn’t get as wet as she did.

Once my cock hit home it was a matter of instinct to slide all the way into her so her hands locked around the back of my neck. I thrust into her slowly as her legs wrapped around my hips. She rocked gently under me in time with my strokes and her pussy consumed all of me. Momentum picked up as we lost ourselves in the act and soon I was grunting and thrusting into her as she panted and ground into my hips underneath me. She dug her fingernails into my shoulder and mewled “pa la, pa la” at me. I leaned back and grabbed her ankles in anticipation of what was coming: her.

Sometimes I think not only is Sofie every man's fantasy, but that her pussy was made for me. When she cums the upper half of her pussy contracts the most violently. That part of her anatomy is just far enough inside her to grab the head and super sensitive portion of my shaft when I’m fully immersed in her. It gets so tight that I can only thrust through it if I lift her legs in the air and hold her ankles together, plus the view ain’t bad either. Leaning back I acquired the leverage I needed to work my way through her vice grip as she squealed through an orgasm. Her pussy sucked away at me and I howled out an orgasm in time with her. Thick streams of cum slammed into her and oozed out onto the sheets. Then all we could do was laugh through our panting until I collapsed onto her with a wet smack. Her arms closed around me tightly as she rolled over on top of me. She stuck out her lower lip in a mock pout as my abating erection slipped out of her. She smiled again as she told me she loved me and with a kiss drifted to sleep on my chest.

The next morning Molly was the only one who could look at me at breakfast, and all she could do was blush and smile. Sofie sauntered out of the bedroom after slipping into a pair of my sweat shorts and they guyaraba she took off my back the night before. Yawning she blushed at the expressions on everyone’s faces. She slipped up behind me and wrapped her arms around my waist as I slid her omlet out the pan and onto her plate. “Oops,” she whispered as she nibbled my ear. I love the way she says good morning. “I guess we were a touch loud last night.”

“Don’t sweat it, sunshine,” I told her as I pecked a kiss onto her forehead. “There’s coffee on the table.”

After breakfast we all went back on to the deck and relaxed with a few drinks. We just wanted to get some peace in the stillness and let the sun cook the tension of the week out of our bodies before the guests arrived and the party began. I plopped down on the sun-drenched deck and nestled between Sofie's knees as she reclined in a deck chair. She wrapped her legs across my chest and pulled my head pack into her lap. Molly took the opportunity of casual conversation to warn Sofie about The Girls anecdotally. She told her all about how Alyssa would bring her friends who all vied for attention as there were never too many men at these functions. “No sweat,” Sofie laughed at the warnings. “I’ve got all I need right here,” and kissed my forehead.

“Well, okay,” was the reply. “But just so you know, it gets pretty catty.”

Around three o’clock the guest started arriving and I lit the grill. Hellos and hugs went around and I tended bar wall the grill heated. Sofie came into the downstairs den and handed me a list of drinks requested. “What the hell did you get me into? Have you SEEN upstairs?” I just laughed and tried not to spill too much as I watched that perfect ass climb the stairs now clad in the cargo shorts I had worn last night. They were about three sizes to big for her and hung off her hips, deliciously exposing the waist of the red bikini she had been so torturously secretive about. From the looks of it there wouldn’t be too much to it.

I came upstairs with a tray of drinks and saw what she had been referring too. The Girls had arrived and were swarming. They had changed into their pool attire as soon as they arrived; there was a sea of microscopic bikinis, sarongs and fake breasts in the kitchen and on the deck. One helpless bartender of the male model variety was leaning back on the kitchen counter for lack of room and seemed genuinely grateful for the breathing space I created when I approached with the swamp-water dirty martini he had asked for.

The Girls had really done their best to offer themselves up as confections and the effect was that they looked and smelled sugar coated. Perfumes mingled in the air and it almost seemed that body glitter had been required by law as part of displaying your patriotic pride for the 4th of July. Out on the deck sarongs were being shed like outlived skins being slithered off snakes as bodies slipped into the balmy 80 degree pool. 

People were arriving in force and it was time for me to begin my reign as High Priest of the Culinary Flame. I grabbed a plate of rosemary skewered seafood kabobs and tried to get onto the deck. A passel of The Girls had stationed themselves near the sliding glass doors to make sure no one got through them ungreeted and unassessd. Sophie glowered at them as they took turns looking me up and down and saying hello, several of the “I haven’t seen you in ages” hugs lasting a bit too long and having a little too much intent for her taste. 

Once out side it wasn’t much better. The Girls swarmed men like flies on a corpse. Several of them leaned on me as I slipped the fish onto the grill. Sofie had lounged in a deck chair and eyed the scene from behind her sunglasses with a cool detachment. I noticed this and had to wonder what she had in store to state her obvious supremacy over The Girls and mark her territory. I knew whatever it was would be a treat for anyone who happened to be aroused by the female form.

The final straw came as one of The Girls slinked out of pool and over to my station at the grill. Her arm slid around my hips and she leaned over to smell what was cooking. “That’s going to be marvelous,” she cooed as she dripped pool water all over my clothes. Sophie calmly watched the scene unfold and stood up. She untied the knot holding the blindingly white top together and revealed two low-slung triangles of red fabric held together by threads tied into a bow behind her back and neck. She dropped the shirt off her wrists and gave a light tug to get my shorts completely over her hips. When they hit the deck two more tiny triangles of red fabric connected by two more threads over her hips announced their presence.

She slowly shimmied down to the pool, her hips pivoting, and just continued on down the submerged steps and into the pool. She waded in effortlessly and ran her hands along the rippling surface. Ralph stood in the pool in slack jawed silence as she took the volleyball from him and smacked it back over the net that had been hung over the pool. She leaned back and flipped backwards into and under the water so smoothly as to barely generate a ripple and emerged with a splash at the other end. Her saturated hair whipped back over her head as she broke the surface and stood back up. Water poured off her in torrents as she sauntered back out of the pool, her body soaked and glistening, her erect nipples beaming through the sheer fabric.

Pulling her hair back she came up to the grill and the offending girl melted away in shock as Sofie asserted her place next to me. “Whew, that felt great. It’s getting a little warm out here. Whatcha got cookin’ here sweetie?” She stood on her toes and leaned forward over the grill. Her eyes closed as she drank in the smell of marinated scallops searing on the rack. Pool water dripped of her chin and breasts and sizzled away to steam on the fire. I knew what everyone behind me was seeing, the view of her perfect legs and ass stretched impossibly tighter as she stood on her toes: a man who could resist that is no longer among the living. “Mmm, smells delicious,” she purred as she resettled onto her feet and wrapped her arms around my shoulders. “Will it be ready soon? I could eat a horse.”

Her words rang out in silence and I glanced around at the party. Everyone was staring at her. The men were had all broken off their conversations, apparently in mid sentence, and jaws hung to the ground. More than one was pitching a serious tent in his swim trunks. Even some of the women seemed to mot be able to get enough. Some of the bikinis that had not yet been in the pool or been out long enough to have dried showed dark, slick wet spots in the crotch.

The largest problem was the rest of The Girls. Their flirtatious conversations and seduction opportunities had just withered on the vine and died. They were all staring daggers into my wet girlfriend: Sofie had just completely upstaged anything they could do. They pounded the rest of their drinks and began slithering towards a dumbfounded Bartender Boy to try to flatter him into making hers first. Sofie merely winked and kissed my cheek before she walked back to the lounge chair she had occupied a few incredibly eventful moments before.

Hours and hours of drinking and eating flew past. The pool was constantly occupied with people playing some kind of game and Bartender Boy seemed to be The Girls new favorite toy. People mingled and laughed and ran around like the stoned and drunken idiots they made themselves. As the sun sank Ralph and I wrestled with the mosquito netting as we were the only two sober enough to hang it. With the net hung we were all able to continue hanging out on the deck without being eaten alive by horseflies. It was a blast and it raged until the wee hours of the morning. The Girls had all managed to couple up and regarded Sofie with a “no harm, no foul” attitude.

Sofie took my hand and led me to our room. The reaction to her performance had ratcheted her confidence and she wanted to give another display, one for me alone. She slid her fingers over the cd collection and selected something in a black case. She slipped it into the stereo and I heard Massive Attack begin its sex drenched electronic hypnosis. She sat me on the bed and forced my knees apart. Standing between them she began to swivel in time to the agonizing pace of the fuck music coming from the stereo. She leaned forward and ran her tongue up my chin as she pushed me back onto the bed. Straddling my chest she continued to dance from her knees as she untied the threads holding her bikini top on. The damp cloth clung to her breasts as she arched all the way back. Her hair brushed my knees until I felt her head sliding between them and her top slid off. Her pussy was less than a foot from my face and her bikini bottoms were soaked, too soaked to still be wet from the pool. The animal smell of her ripe cunt wafted towards my face and I became unhinged. 

I slid back from between her knees and seized her supine body around its slender waist. I leaned over her and pulled a nipple into my mouth sucking on it as if I were drinking from a straw. She growled and dug her fingernails into my scalp as her legs snapped out and around me, her ass landing in my lap. I kneaded her breasts as I suckled her nipples while she shuddered. Her fingers briefly released my hair to shove down on my shoulders. She got back to her knees and grabbed my hair with one hand as she pulled down her bikini bottom with the other. She yanked my head forward and ground her pussy into my face. My tongue worked its way between her lips and I tasted the slick juice that made her smell as ferocious as she did.

I grabbed her tight ass and pulled her clit between my lips. Forcing her over onto her back I climbed in between her legs and devoured her pussy. I sucked at her clit and rolled it between my lips, my tongue pressed against her clit and pulsing. She whined and shook as I slid a finger into her not wanting to neglect her pussy while I attacked her clit merely for want of a second mouth. Her breathing quickened and I could feel her pussy clamping down on my fingers. Her body tensed and went as stiff and still as a board all except for her belly, which was heaving with exertion. I tried to stifle a smile as I realized what was coming so as not to relinquish my assault on her. In the next second she began to soak my goateed chin as her orgasm caused her to gush cups of her fragrant cum.
