 Shutting the door behind him, I couldn’t believe what I’d just done. Normally, I’m not at all forward with men, I much prefer to let men do the chasing, thank you. But this fireman! He was so handsome, so primal. I could still taste myself on my lips from licking my juices off his rugged face. My pussy ached, wanting more, even as I felt the rush of satisfaction that comes from an exquisite, slow licking. My knees grew weak at the memory of the look on his face as he gazed at me, his tongue gliding between my lips.

I blushed furiously at the thought of how I invited him in. Oh, please!, I thought with a wry grin, how obvious could I have been, asking him to check out the smoke in my apartment from a ground-floor burned popcorn bag! Well, no matter, I said to myself, he certainly seemed to enjoy it….As I remembered the way his mouth felt on my pussy, the way his tongue played with expertise on my clit, playing it like a mandolin, I found myself pinching my nipples distractedly, eyes half-closed, replaying the way his body, in all that gear, could still glide towards me with such ease. My hands wandered, straying down to my belly, rubbing my hipbones, then to where my pubic hair would be if I had any. 

The night air carried a welcome breeze that chased the stifling heat, and with came a returned rush of desire for my fireman. I moved my hands lower, cupping my pussy, feeling the lips swell and throb. Leaning still against the wall by the front door, I parted my pussy lips, feeling how wet I was, still, from his tongue and my own libidinousness. I want him, I thought hungrily, and I want all of him. I wondered, as I rubbed my clit again, what he would be like, what he looked like without all that gear, what his lovemaking would be like. 

I wanted it hard, fast, furious, I realized, wanted to feel him hard and pounding inside me, no pretense, no words beyond the guttural groans that accompany truly good fucking. As if on cue, the phone rang, making me jump. I was edgy and needed a good release, I knew. Picking up the receiver, I knew it would be him, knew he needed to be with me as much as I needed to be with him. His voice was a husky purr in my ear, making me shiver, knowing what we both wanted. All he said was that he’d be leaving in an hour, and my reply was just as to the point, telling him I’d pick him up at the station. 

I went to the bedroom in a fog of anticipation, running my fingers through thick hair that takes too long to dry. With a wicked grin, I pulled one piece of lingerie after another out of the drawer, hmmm, what color, what type, I wondered, tossing each expensive piece on the bed. Ahhh, I chuckled, letting my robe slide to the floor, and began to get ready.

I put on a calf-length light jacket, tying it at the waist before I left, locking the door and wondering what I’d be thinking about when I put the key in later to let myself in. My heels clicking down the flights of stairs, I again ruffled my damp hair, pushing it out of my eyes impatiently. Starting my car, I slipped in a CD and headed for the station house. A few minutes later, it loomed ahead, a tall, brick building, bay doors open to let the breeze in. I pulled up silently before the smaller main doors, windows down, CD playing, and got out of the car, shutting the door softly, and sat on the hood, feeling deliciously sensuous.

I hadn’t long to wait. Just as Zeppelin’s “Living Loving Maid” came on, the door opened and he stepped out and under the light, allowing me to see his powerful build for the first time; I smiled, watching him pad towards me with a grin that matched my own, slightly sheepish and entirely horny. No words were spoken, none needed, nor used. Eyes smouldering said it all. 

Getting into my car, we sped into the night. As I maneuvered the stick-shift, he turned up the CD, slipping his hand on my thigh, whispering silk stockings between my skin and his. I could hear his audible inhale of my perfume; glancing sideways, seeing a small smile as he breathed it in, eyes closed. His hand, hot and strong, slid up, over my jacket, pushing my wayward hair from my face, fingertips lingering on my neck. Leaning over, he brushed my shoulder with his lips, the smell of soap and creasing leather filling my senses, and I again shivered with an ache more powerful than I’d ever experienced. Was this real?, I wondered.

I drove towards the countryside, towards the small and deserted rural roads that led into the forest. His hand grazed my breasts, teased my nipples through the light fabric, me playfully swatting his hands away, trying to concentrate on my driving, as fast as I was driving, not that I could ever get enough speed when I drove. 

Turning off the freeway, I headed for a rough, narrow road with no lights, no cars, and just a lone house in the distance. The trees were so dense they met above in a perfect, natural arch. It was incredibly dark, even though the moon was full. Turning off the engine, the music still playing, straining in the dark like the arch of a lover’s back, I quickly slid out of the car. Following me, we met in the middle, at the hood of the car. His eyes were questioning, ‘you’re sure?’ they seemed to say, even as they darkened even more with desire, pupils so dilated I couldn't tell what color they were. In reply, I untied the belt of my jacket and let it slip to the ground around my ankles. You looked astonished, catching your breath, and I chuckled. My heels led up to legs encased in thigh-high silk stockings, a black corset and the barest of panties barely covering anything at all. Pulling me to him roughly, we finally kissed again, first tentatively, and then hard, demanding, rough, matching our breathing.

My fingers trembled as I pulled his t-shirt off, revealing muscles accustomed to hard work and long training. I sighed hard as he pushed my hair away from my neck and kissed it as I slid my arms around his waist, running my hands up his back, then sliding in front to lace my fingers together at the nape of his neck. His arms went around me, pulling me closer, so my breasts were crushed against him. I knew suddenly what it was to come close to swooning. I could feel how hard his cock was, how big, and I shivered, wanting him inside me with a rush that took control.

Sensing and matched my urgency, running his hands down my body, I felt him slip two fingers hard into my pussy, thrusting deep and fast. My legs were giving out, and I groaned into his mouth as we kissed. My fingers unzipped his jeans, pushing them impatiently down, sliding my thumbs into his boxers, teasing as my thumbs moved to the front of his head, rubing it quickly before sliding his boxers down, too. Groaning, he slid my panties to one side more, aching to drive his shaft between my lips, but I had other plans. 

Twisting around, I pulled him with me, slowly pushing him backwards to lay him back on the hood of the car. Sliding my body down between his thighs, kissing his belly, stroking his hips, I began to lick the inside of his thighs, kissing and lapping my way up his legs, first one and then the other, his hands buried in my long hair, moving it aside to watch me, our eyes locked on each other. Reaching his balls, I cupped them in one hand and licked, sucking first one and then the other, then rolling them together, lifting them up towards the base of his cock. Making the tip of my tongue hard and pointed, I licked in small circles around the bundle of nerves beneath his balls, loving the sound of his loud groan, the feel of your thighs trembling. Pressing in more as I licked, my free hand grasped the shaft of his cock to finally and firmly stroke him. 

Moving up, I began to suck the head of his cock into my mouth, still stroking slowly with my hand. Sucking lower, an inch at a time, then sliding my mouth almost all the way out before sliding down a little more. My fireman's breathing becoming raspy and heat-tinged, and I could tell I needed to suck him harder, now. With one smooth movement, I sucked his hardness all the way to the base around my fingers, then sucked hard as I moved my back up, my hand following my mouth. Faster and faster I began to move, knowing I was bringing you just to the edge of cumming before stopping.

With a roughness that only make me want more, he pulled me up to kiss me, turning me now so it was I who lay on the hood of the car. Pulling my legs over your shoulders, his body bathed in dim moonlight, with one hard thrust, he sank his shaft deep inside me, both of us crying out at the rush of feeling, the pure and unadulterated feeling that can be matched by nothing else except a hard cock filling a tight, hot pussy. Over and over he thrust into me, pounding rhythmically, hard, and roughly, my hands at his hips, losing my senses and feeling nothing but him filling me up and stroking inside me. My hips arched and I gasped at each downward push, our skin beginning to take on a lovers’ sheen of perspiration. Oh, I could feel it, I was going to cum, his cock stroking my g-spot with each movement. 

I could see a red mist behind my closed eyes as my orgasm grew in intensity, rushing through me like a wave crashing to shore, my groans becoming louder and more frenzied. As I gushed and soaked your cock, I almost screamed with pleasure, arching my back and throwing my head back as it sped from my pussy throughout my body. 

He didn’t miss a beat, knowing that I’d cum again if he kept thrusting, his own pleasure mirrored on his face, holding on to my thighs. Over and over again, watching intently as I came until I was ready to faint. Then, knowing it was time, I reached down to slide the tip of my finger into my pussy, stroking the base inside my pussy with each thrust. Groaning, his face straining with the intensity of his own orgasm building, I arched my hips to give him more depth and felt him cum, loudly, exploding inside me, pushing deep inside me, cock pulsing, releasing, draining. I clenched my pussy muscles tightened around him, milking, holding him tight, pulling. Over and over he groaned, slamming into me. My own orgasm again flooded me, and we filled the night air with our sounds of release.

Spent, exhausted, and satisfied, he slumped on top of me and we held each other, catching our breath, hearts beginning to beat more normally, chuckling with a sudden fondness that comes with such familiarity. Then, getting dressed again, we kissed again and got into the car, again speeding into the night.