 I wasn't really planning to fulfill anybody's fantasy that day. I was just there for the wedding, with my wife. Just wanted to wish our friends the best. But the reception was a wild one, outdoors, and into the wee hours. And I just don't pass up opportunities any more. Once upon a time, I would...but now I have learned the true meaning of the phrase Carpe Diem...seize the day!

A little backstory is necessary, I suppose. My wife has a thing going with a friend of mine Joe, a cop. She's also been with Joe's wife, Diana. I don't mind, really. If anything, our bedroom has gotten a lot less boring of late. 

In the course of the evening, Joe and my wife both got astoundingly drunk, while Diana and I kept a level head. The four of us separated from the main party and bonfire and hung out at the gazebo, chatting about this and that. Imagine my surprise when my wife hiked up her skirt and went after Joe's fly! She had his member out of his shorts in less than 15 seconds, and she mounted him moments later, no foreplay involved. Diana and I shared a look, and shook our heads in disbelief. 

We watched for just a few moments, then I leaned over and breathed into her ear "Let's go have an adventure of our own." I took her hand, and led her away into the woods.

We chatted a bit as we walked, mostly making fun of our spouses and their inability to keep their hands off each other. After a few minutes, we found a wagon that had been used for hayrides. I sat on a step at the back of the wagon, and pulled Diana to me, letting our bodies melt together as our lips met for a hungry kiss.

As we kissed, another party on the grounds started a fireworks display. Talk about timing! I looked into Diana's eyes and quipped, "I don't know what you did, but I think I saw fireworks!" She laughed, and the last of her nervousness drifted away on the breeze with her laughter. She took my face in her hands and kissed me deeply, and my arms encircled her waist, pulling her close.

The sounds of exploding fireworks continued as we kissed deeply, and I let my hands wander up into her shirt, cupping the small of her back, and then roaming up to lift the shirt off over her head. I lowered my mouth to let my tongue dance across one of her nipples, listening to the rewarding sound of her gasp of pleasure. She pulled me up to share another deep kiss, her hands at work on pulling my shirt off.

I hung my shirt on the side of the wagon and quickly stepped out of my shorts, standing naked in front of Diana. We kissed again, our hands exploring each other's bodies as we tasted each other's souls in our kiss. I grasped her hips and guided her to the steps of the wagon, bending her over them and holding her close from behind.

In another moment I had her skirt lifted up over her hips, and myself poised at the entrance of her sex. I slowly thrust my hardness across her clit, teasing her with each stroke, heightening the anticipation of entering her. "You're killing me!" she exclaimed breathlessly.

"I know," I said, almost smugly.

She crawled up into the wagon, lying on her back. I donned a condom and quickly crawled over her, looking into her eyes as she grasped my hardness and guided me home. I entered her slowly, watching the delight in her eyes as the fireworks sporadically illuminated her face in red and green hues.

I know her husband is quiet during sex, so I wanted to see if she liked someone talking dirty to her while lovemaking. I brought my mouth to her ear, saying "Diana...you're fucking me. Outside. Under the stars. And you feel perfect around my cock..."

"How hot is that?" she asked rhetorically. 

I slowly thrust in and out, building a slow rhythm and watching her. It has become an image framed in my mental art gallery, watching her face as she shuddered to her orgasm, her hair fanned out in the hay, eyes closed and mouth wide open in a silent scream of ecstasy as a particularly large burst overhead tinted everything in a romantic soft purple light. I felt the first tinglings of my own coming storm, and began to ram into her in earnest. In the eternity of a few blissful seconds, I let myself melt into her as I came, my hands clutching handfuls of hay as I struggled not to yell out.

I collapsed beside her as she cuddled against me, and we watched the fireworks together in the afterglow. Diana told me that she had always wanted to have sex outdoors. One more fantasy fulfilled...