 "Hello?"

"Hi, Miss Jessi."

"Hello."

"Hey, you wouldn't happen to have any straight pins and some rubbing alcohol, would you?"

"No, ummm...why?"

"Well, I smashed my finger and I've been draining it and now it's all full again."

"Ed, that's disgusting. Why don't you go to the doctor?"

"Don't want to."

"It could get infected." 

"That's why I keep draining it." 

"Do you want to bring your finger here? I'll see what I got."

"Yep that would be great."

"Okay, I'll see you in a bit."

"Okay, bye."

I hung up the phone and shook my head, laughing to myself as I went into the bathroom and grabbed my make-up bag. 

Ed is my best friend, I've known him since I was sixteen years old. He was a senior in high school when I was a junior. I met him one day when I decided to skip school and so did he. We were parked right by each other and as I got in my car he spoke up.

"Hey, where do you think you're going?"

"I don't know, but I ain't staying here."

"Yeah, me neither." 

"Where are you going?"

I moved to the other side of the car so I could get a better look at him. 

"Don't know either." 

"Oh by the way, my name's Jessi."

"I'm Ed." 

"That's great Ed, wanna hang out, since neither one of us knows where it is we're going to go?"

"Sounds great, but don't we still need a plan?"

"Naw, c'mon. We'll take my car."

We ended up at a restaurant in the next town and over breakfast we discussed were to go next. We spent the day mainly just hanging out at the lake and from there built a very good friendship. 

I heard a knock on the door and I laughed again. Ed would do some crazy stuff, but I never thought I'd get a phone call asking if he could operate on his finger in my house. 

I opened the door and let him in. He went straight for the kitchen while I let my dog outside. 

"So, what you got for me?"

"I couldn't find anything really. Got this pair of tweezers, do you think that'll work?"

"I don't know I'll try it."

"Here's some peroxide too."

"Thanks."

I left the kitchen, my stomach wasn't made to watch people poke themselves. I heard him hissing as he worked on his finger and in a short while he called to me.

"Okay, I'm done. You got any band-aids?"

I walked back in the kitchen and looked at his finger. He pulled his hand back when I touched it and I gave him a, don't-be-such-a-big-baby look.

"It hurts."

"Yeah, but I don't think it's infected."

"Me neither."

"Ummm...I don't think I have any band-aids. But I'll look."

I jumped up on the counter and opened the cabinet. I don't know why I throw things up where I can't reach them, but I do, and if I had any band-aids they would be on the top shelf. I looked around and couldn't find any. 

"I don't see any."

I turned my head and looked down to see Ed looking up my skirt.

"Got a good view there, Ed?"

"Yeah, but if you could spread your legs a little more."

I laughed and moved off the counter.

"Miss Jessi's not wearing any underwear."

I smiled, he'd called me Miss Jessi ever since the first time I met him. I was the only one he ever did that to and I had always enjoyed it.

"I never wear underwear, Ed."

"Oh yeah, I didn't know that."

He put his head down and started playing with his finger. He looked up a short time later.

"Well, I really wish you had a band-aid, but if you don't, I guess I'm done here."

"Okay. I hope your finger gets better soon."

"Yeah, me too."

I turned around to walk out of the kitchen and Ed grabbed me. He pulled me close to him, and his hand went right up my skirt to my pussy. I gave a surprised squeal and then sighed as I felt his fingers playing on my pussy. I pushed back further into him and he bent down to my ear.

"Have to pay the doctor don't I?"

"But I didn't do anything."

"Shhh...sure you did, you provided the things I needed." 

I laughed, "so really I'm more like the nurse and you're the doctor."

"You could look at it that way."

I moaned as he moved his fingers down and inserted one into my pussy. 

He turned me around and kissed me. I moaned as I felt his tongue brush against my lip. We kissed passionately for several minutes, and his fingers found their way down to my pussy again. He pulled away and looked down at me. 

"Do you think we should go find band-aids somewhere else?"

"Yes, I think we should."

"Do you think that there would be some in the bedroom?"

"Might be, I put things in odd places."

"Yes, I know."

I grabbed hold of his hand and led him into the bedroom. He wrapped me in his arms again. We resumed kissing, until he pushed me down on the bed. 

He lifted my legs up to my chest and began to lick my pussy. His tongue felt so good on me, and I began to cum instantly. He shoved his tongue as far as it would go into my dripping cunt, and I came again. 

I sat up, took off his baseball cap, and watched as he enjoyed me. He looked up at me and smiled.

"You have the sweetest tasting pussy. I can't believe how sweet it is."

I laughed, "thank you." 

He moved a finger into my pussy, and brought it back out. He moved it to my lips and I sucked on it. 

"See?"

"Hmmm-mmmm....I'm very sweet." 

I winked at him, and he went back to lapping my pussy. He placed two fingers inside of me and began to fuck me. I bucked, moaning louder.

"Keep that up, Ed! Jesus that feels so good!"

He moved his hand from me, and I pouted. But soon it was back, he placed one finger in my pussy, and harshly shoved the other into my ass. I screamed, the pleasure of feeling his finger in my ass sent me into another orgasm. He watched for while, then placed his lips back on my clit. I really couldn't take anymore, and I pulled his head from me. 

"Fuck me. I want to feel your cock."

He said nothing but stood up and took off his clothes. I watched, and smiled as his cock came into view. He lifted me, facing me away from him, and planting my feet on the floor. He bent me over, so that my upper body was secured on the bed, and once again I felt one finger in my pussy and one in my ass. I moaned but shook my head.

"No, no! I want your cock. Ed please give me your cock!" 

"Don't you like this?"

I moaned loudly, "Yes I do, but I want your cock!" 

He finger fucked me till I came one more time. He pulled his hand from me, grabbed my hips, and shoved his cock in my pussy. My body began to shake instantly as I felt his cock pushing in and out of me.

"Oh yeah! Just like that, Ed, fuck me! Oh god, that feels so fucking good!" 

"You like my cock, Miss Jessi?"

"Yes, Ed, I love it!"

He moaned and thrust a little harder. 

"God your pussy is wonderful, Miss Jessi."

I laughed and pushed back against him, moving my hips in time with his until he announced that he was going to cum. I had one more orgasm, harder than all the rest, as I felt him shoot his seed inside of me. 

He broke from me, turned me around, sat me on the bed, and placed his cock on my lips.

"Clean it up now."

I took his cock in my hand and began to lick it, moving my tongue slowly over every inch, moaning as I tasted the mingled juices. I placed his cock in my mouth and began to suck it, waking it up completely from it's semi-hard state. 

Ed moaned, and grabbed the back of my head. He began to thrust hard, sending his cock down my throat. I moaned and grabbed on to his hips. 

"Fuck, Jessi, I think the only thing you do better than fucking is giving head." 

I looked up at him and winked again as I kept sucking his cock. 

He announced again that he was going to cum, and I swallowed it all down. He moved away completely after he was spent. We quietly put our clothes on and went back out to the living room. He kissed me again before he left.

"Thank you for suppling the things I needed to tend to my finger."

"Thank you for your payment." 

"You know I hurt myself quite a bit."

"My door's always open to tend to your injuries." 

He smiled and kissed me gently on the lips. I walked him to the front door and watched as he left.