 It was 8:30 am on a rainy Monday, possibly the worst combination of events ever. Walking to school from my apartment took about 10 minutes, not too bad when the weather is nice. On that day, however, it was like getting another shower, this time fully clothed. On top of the crappy weather, it was Monday morning. I had an assignment due at 3:00 pm that needed to be edited and finished off before I handed it in. Unfortunately, I had classes from 10:30 am until 3:00 pm, so the editing had to be done before class. Getting up early always sucks, and getting up to finish an assignment (and getting drenched in the process) sucks at least 10 times more. So it's safe to say that I wasn't in the best of moods.

After peeling off my wet jacket and hanging it in my locker, I headed for the same study area I always used in the library. As I approached my usual table, I noticed someone else already sitting there. Cursing under my breath, I walked up to the table to see who'd taken my spot. It turned out to be Greg Jackson, possibly the biggest prick in my class. He was one of those guys that got under your skin... a real asshole, but the women were still attracted to him. To make it worse, he always rubbed it in to us other guys whenever he'd scored with a new chick. The table was big enough for two, but books and papers were scattered all over both sides.

I looked around, and not seeing any other free desks, gestured to the empty chair. "Mind if I move your stuff? I need a place to work."

Greg glanced up to acknowledge my presence, then looked back down at his work again before saying "Sorry Dave, Sara's sitting there. She just got up for a second."

Sara was new to our class, transferring over from another university earlier this term. She seemed nice enough, though I'd never really talked to her before. Rumour had it that she was on Greg's "to-do list", as he called it.

Greg came up for air again. "Say, what time is it?"

"It's...," I looked down at my wristwatch, "8:53."

"Shit, I've got class across campus at 9:00." Greg started throwing his books and papers into his backpack. "Here, you use this spot while I'm gone. And tell Sara I'll be back at 11:00, would ya Sport?" He pointed at me and winked before leaving. Fucking prick. Oh well, I thought, at least I can get to work now. Forget about that asshole, let's get this damned assignment done and out of the way.

Pulling back the chair and sitting down, my eyes settled on a girl across the room. She was reaching for a book on the top shelf of a bookcase, standing on her tip-toes. The stacks were about 8' high or so, not high at all for a 6'3" guy like myself, but her shorter 5'4" frame had to stretch a little to grab books from the very top. Her midriff was bared slightly as she extended her right arm, revealing her back, and the top curve of her hips. She was wearing a snug red sweater that just covered her torso, hence the slight revealing look when she stretched, and a nicely filled-out pair of jeans. Turning around, I noticed her chestnut brown hair fell a little past her shoulders, resting on the shoulders of her lithe frame. She was heading this way, so I turned my gaze down at my bookbag and began unpacking my work.

"Hi, I don't think we've met before. I'm Sara, I'm new in your class."

Looking up, I realized the girl I was just checking out from afar was Sara. The only time I'd seen her was from back-on in class, mostly because of my habit of slinking into the back of class 5-10 minutes late. She had beautiful brown eyes that matched her hair, covered with a stylish pair of wireframe glasses. Her slight smile seemed both naughty and nice at the same time, which got my imagination going...

After a couple of seconds passed, I realized I should say something instead of just staring at her. "Hi, I'm Dave. Greg had to run-off to class, and I needed a place to study, so... here I am."

Sara slid down into her seat across from mine, then leaned over me to whisper, "Just between you and me, do you find Greg to be a little... overbearing?"

Her perfume wafted into my nostrils as she leaned in, a subtle yet intoxicating scent that was extremely pleasing. I chuckled before responding, "Yeah... he can be a bit too much at times, if that's what you mean."

"Whew, I was afraid it was just me," she said. "He seems like a nice guy, but he reminds me of my old boyfriend too much. We broke up just before I transferred here. It was actually a good excuse to dump his sorry ass though, heh." Saying this with a laugh, Sara then stretched her arms out, yawning. "Still adjusting to the change in time zones though."

I watched her yawn, as her head turned slightly skyward. While her eyes were looking away from me, I checked her out once more. Her chest was pointed out as she yawned, her breasts jutting out even more. They weren't huge by any standard, but looked to be good B-cup size, just enough to fill your palm. They seemed to stand out firm on her chest, proudly displaying themselves. Damn, this girl was beautiful.

She finished yawning, and I quickly averted my eyes back to a more neutral target. After a few minutes of work (and me stealing glances at her whenever the opportunity arose) she spoke up again.

"Say Dave, do you know where they keep the older periodicals in this library? I need to find an old journal article for an assignment."

"Sure," I said. "They keep a bunch of older journals and papers in the old part of the library, up on the fourth floor. I'll show you where."

I got up to go, letting her walk ahead of me like the gentleman I am. The elevator in the library was only used by the staff and special need students, so we had to take the stairs. Watching her walk ahead of me was heaven. Her near-perfectly shaped ass wiggled oh so attractively, making it harder for me to walk myself. I had to look away every now and then in fear that she'd look back and catch me with my face practically up her ass. When I did look away, I'd glance up at her breasts and watch them bounce ever so slightly with each step as well. This woman was amazing, and I immediately resolved to build up the nerve to ask her out sometime.

We arrived at the fourth floor, which was mostly older periodicals and texts that no one used anymore. Half of the floor was filled with cardboard boxes full of the library's administrative records. Walking among the mess, we ended up in the furthest corner of the room, where a bookcase was filled with early 19th century volumes of some ancient journal.

"I think that's the one I need up there," Sara said, pointing to an old volume on the top shelf. "Be a dear and get it for me, would you?" She smiled at me, batting those brown eyes at me for encouragement, not that I needed it.

I reached for the volume, grabbed it with one hand and yanked back on it, expecting it to slide out with ease. However, the accumulation of dust and grime on the shelf had virtually grown the book to the shelf. I tugged a bit harder, then harder again, before my hand slipped and my momentum threw me back on the floor.

Sara ran over to my prone body on the library floor. "Oh, are you ok? I'm soooo sorry I made you reach for that book, it's all my fault if you're hurt..."

I sat up, not really hurt at all, but thinking I could squeeze some pity from her. "I'm ok, I think... kind of twisted my arm when I landed though."

"Don't move, let me check it out. I've got a first aid certificate. Now, lie back down until I check you out." She gently pushed me back down to the floor, leaning in as she did so. Her breasts lightly rubbed against my chest as she did so, sliding her body softly over mine. Sara inspected the forearm I fell on, lightly rubbing it with her hands. "Does this hurt?" she asked, as she gently squeezed it.

"Ouch!" I faked a slight pain, hoping it would lead to more of her taking care of me. "I think it might be sprained or something."

"Wuss." she joked. "Although, it could be a torn ligament or something... we'd better get some ice on that for you. Come on, I have some supplies in my car. First, let me quickly check the rest of your body for any bumps or bruises." Sara then quickly ran her hands down my other arm and legs, feeling around intermittently and asking if I felt any pain. Just before she was finished, she rubbed her right hand over my crotch, gently squeezing the bulge of my half hard-on in my crotch. "Ooh, I think that's a bump there. We'll need to get some ice for that too." she said, winking at me.

I blushed and couldn't think of anything to say, as I got up and followed her down the stairs. "Damn," I thought. "Now she must think I'm a total perv or something... no way she'll want anything to do with me anytime soon."

We left the library and went to her car in the parking lot. I waited for her as she searched around in the trunk, then came back empty-handed.

"Sorry," she said. "Don't have anything here. Thought for sure I had my first-aid kit with me, but guess I was wrong." I'd figured as much. Now here's the part where she takes off as quickly as possible and...

"But I know for sure I've got one at my apartment. It's only a 5 minute drive from here, if you think you can last that long with those injuries." she added, with a slight nod to my crotch. Well, maybe she wasn't as offended as I thought.

We got into her car and I reached to put on the seat belt. Sara got into the driver's seat, but instead of reaching for her seatbelt, her hands reached over and unzipped my jeans. Looking up, she explained, "We need to expose the area, or the swelling could get even worse. Wouldn't that be a terrible thing?" Before I could say anything, she'd reached into my boxers and slid her hand inside. I lifted my ass off of the seat and slid my jeans down to my knees to give her better access.

Sara slid her hand out and yanked down the boxers too. My 3/4 erection was now proudly exposed, twitching slightly as it raged on toward full tumescence. Sara licked her lips and ran her hand up the hardening shaft, admiring the small drop of pre-cum she'd produced on the head. "Mmmmm, looks like someone's excited. Are you that glad to meet me, Dave?"

All I could do in reply was groan lowly as her fingers slowly slid down my now full 7". Sara flicked her tongue, licking up the small pearl of pre-cum into her mouth. "Oooh, tasty. I can't wait for the main course." She then leaned back over to her seat and started up the car. Thankfully, it was an automatic, so she could drive with one hand and continue to stroke my shaft with the other.

I was going out of my mind with horniness by now, so I reached over and rubbed her right breast, feeling how firm it was. She took her hand off of my cock and partly lifted up her sweater so I could slip my hand underneath. As she focused on driving, I slid my hand underneath her bra cup and rubbed her nipple until it was stiff, which didn't take very long. Sara moaned softly and sped up a little, just as anxious as I was to reach her place.

As we pulled up into her driveway, I zipped up again for the time being. We ran into her apartment building. Thankfully, she lived on the ground floor, and in a few seconds (that seemed like forever) we were inside her place. It was a small single apartment, with a kitchen, living room, bedroom and bathroom.

Sara lifted her sweater over her head and flung it on the sofa, then wrapped her arms around me. I felt her soft brown hair tickling my neck as she kissed me passionately, thrusting her soft tongue into my mouth. I kissed her back hard, probing her invading tongue with my own. Her hands fell to my jeans, one unzipping them again and the other tugging them down from behind. I reached back and unfastened her bra, letting it fall to the floor along with my jeans once it was undone.

I quickly kick off my shoes so my jeans can come completely off as Sara removed hers too then slid out of her jeans. I glanced down at her crotch and saw that she was wearing a cute pair of pink panties, which looked like they were made of silk. She saw me admiring her underwear, then kneeled down in front of me. "If you're a good boy, I'll let you feel them later. And if you're really good, you can feel what's inside of them."

As she was talking dirty to me, she stroked my rigid cock, rubbing its purple head on her nipples and between her tits. She looked up into my eyes the whole time, which was extremely sexy. Then, with out missing a beat or moving her eyes, she slid my pole up between her tits one more time and inserted its head into her waiting mouth. I gasped, her tongue rolling all over my cock head, rubbing the rest of my shaft with her soft hands at the same time. Leaning back against the doorframe so I wouldn't fall over, I groaned my pleasure at her skillful cocksucking. She slid one hand to my balls and rubbed them, cupping them one at a time, then alternating between gently pushing them together and separating them. Sara's other hand reached back between my ass and teased my asshole. I'm not too big on the whole anal thing, but when a girl starts playing around back there at the same time as she's working on my dick, it really adds to the sensation. Sara released my cock head and asked how I was liking it so far. My dick sprung up, smacking wetly off of my stomach from her saliva and my pre-cum. I responded by scooping her lithe form up off of the floor and carrying her to her couch.

Laying her down on the couch and climbing over her in a 69 position, my hands went immediately for her panties. I had to see her pussy, how she trimmed it, how wet it was, how pink her lips were... Pausing only a second to rub her mound through the silk fabric, I pulled the crotch of her panties to one side to reveal her moist pussy. Her lips were swelling, and she had a neatly trimmed bush with a small square shaped patch at the top of her vulva. Sara whimpered in pleasure, then returned her attentions back to my cock. She began deep throating all 7" of me, whipping her tongue into a frenzy at the same time. Returning my attention to her, I lowered my head and kissed both of her thighs, teasing her a little. My tongue dipped into her soaking labia, tasting her juices. She was really wet, and I spread that wetness over the rest of her pussy with my fingers. Sara moaned as I brushed her clit, gently rubbing her love bulb before getting back to her swollen cunt lips. I dipped my tongue in, flicking it every which way and shaking my head to add to the vibrating effect. My nose was brushing against her patch of pubic hair, and her musky scent was driving me wild. I thrust my tongue inside of her, moving it in and out as fast as I could.

Meanwhile, Sara's deep throat action was driving me to the brink of orgasm. She was taking all of my hard cock in her mouth for 4 or 5 strokes, stopping every now and then to focus only on the head or pulling it out and rubbing it against her cheek. It was driving me nuts, and I was going to blow my load soon. I told her as much, and she pulled out my dick with a wet pop from her suction.

"Ooh, we can't have you coming yet. I'm in need of some good, deep fucking before I'm done with you, Davey boy."

With that, she lead me to the bedroom by the cock, squeezing me so I wouldn't come yet. I licked my lips, tasting her juices. I couldn't wait to be balls deep in her tight little cunt.

I sat down on the edge of her bed, my hard on sticking straight up. She kissed me deeply, our respective juices from the other's tongues mingling in our mouths. She lowered herself on my cock, sliding in slowly, inch by inch, until I was in to the hilt. Moaning her approval of how well I fitted her, Sara groaned and started bouncing in my lap. I lowered my neck and sucked on one of her nipples, tugging on it lightly. She responded by pushing her tit further into my mouth, pulling on her other nipple herself.

"Oh yeah... that feels so good, baby. You like my tits, don't you? Play with my tits while you fuck my tight pussy... fuck it hard!" She was grinding away in earnest now, and I could feel drops from her wetness on my thigh.

I leaned back on her bed, letting Sara crawl on top of me, still controlling our fucking. I kept nibbling on her tit, and moved my hands to her fine ass, pulling her down onto my cock with each thrust of her hips. After a bit of that, I eased one hand onto her asshole, the other to her clit. Sara was already rubbing her clit furiously as she fucked me, I just placed one hand on top of hers to help out. With my other hand, I probed around her asshole to see if she was ok with that. She moaned out for me to continue, and I started to rub her hole gently. This really got her going, and she let out a high pitched squeal.

Sara got up off of me and quickly got on all fours on the bed. "Fuck me doggy style, I really need you to pound my pussy as hard as you can! Fuck me!" I had no problem complying with that order, and after teasing her by rubbing the head of my cock around the outside of her dripping pussy, I plunged in once again. God, she was so hot and wet inside... my cock was near the bursting level now. My balls were bouncing off of her tight ass, smacking loudly as we fucked. I reached for her tits, pulling on her super-hard nipples as she was rubbing her clit with both hands. By now, the headboard of the bed was slamming furiously off of Sara's bedroom wall. I'm sure her neighbours would have headaches for weeks after this if they were home.

Sara was really screaming now, and her pussy tightened on my thrusting cock. That was it for me, no turning back from there. I shoved my dick in as far as I could before yelling out a cry of joy as I shot load after load into Sara's spasming cunt. She milked my cock for all it was worth before we both collapsed on the bed. I rolled to the side so as not the crush the poor girl. After a few minutes, she climbed on top of me as my shrinking dick slipped out of her pussy.

"Thanks lover. I really needed that." She ran her hand over my chest and I pulled her to my mouth, kissing her deeply. "Any time baby, anytime."

We lay there for a few more minutes, basting in the afterglow, then got up and went to the shower. We soaped each other up, and when she rubbed her soaped up body against mine, my cock twitched and started to grow hard again.

"Well," she said, "looks like that swelling problem is back again. Do you need me to kiss it and make it better?"

I couldn't believe how fucking unbelievable this woman's sexual appetite was! She engulfed my cock in her mouth before it could reach full mast, deep throating it all as it grew. This woman was an expert in giving head, I was already fully hard after only a few seconds of her work. I reached up to her shower head, which I noticed was a detachable one, and got her to splay her legs open while she was sucking me off. I adjusted the spray to a thin focused one, and aimed it at her pussy. She moaned without missing a beat, still bobbing wildly on my cock. Again she moved a finger to play with my ass, driving me nuts. Her other hand was diddling her clit, and I moved the spray a lot closer to her pussy, just pounding her cunt with a great force of pleasure. This sent her over the edge, and she thrust her finger further up my ass, triggering another orgasm for me.

After we caught our breath and cleaned ourselves up again, we had a bite to eat at her place. It was only then, around 1:30 pm, that I realized that my assignment was due in a little over an hour! We raced back to the school, and I managed to get the paper passed in literally minutes before the deadline. Sara and I continued to see each other, much to Greg's disgust, and I ended up getting a B+ on my paper. All in all, it turned out to be the best rainy Monday morning ever!