 I met him at the office. He started a year after I did. I thought we would simply be friends. I never thought we would be friends with benefits, necessarily. Yes, we started out harmlessly enough—friendly words in passing, innocent conversation, occasional flirtation. Then, after some time, our conversations became sexual. He would find me in different places at the office just to feel me up—the copier room, the breakroom kitchen, any secluded corner where we wouldn't be spotted. Occasionally, he would grind up against me or let me feel his dick when no one was looking. I still remember the first time he let me stick my hand in his pants.

I said something to him about blowjobs, and he asked me if I would do it. I told him I would. One afternoon, he asked me to take off my panties so he could cop a feel. So....I did. I had worn a long denim dress to the office that day. The dress buttoned all down the front. I sat at my desk and took off my panties. Then I walked upstairs to his desk. I unbuttoned my dress from the bottom, just a few buttons but enough for him to stick his hand between my legs. I gladly spread my legs slightly as he reached up between them and stuck his fingers into my pussy, just between the lips. I remember it as if it were yesterday. It was brief, but it was long enough for me to get wet. I was so horny afterward. He had flicked my clit just a bit while he fingered my warm slit. He barely stuck one of his fingers up me when his boss walked by—his boss didn't notice that he was fingering me, though.

That same day, after we clocked out, he asked me to follow him to a place he knew where we could be alone. I followed him to his storage garage where he kept his boat. I got into his mustang and he immediately undressed me. I was so wet from his fingers earlier that afternoon, all I could think about was getting off. He sucked on my tits for a minute while I unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. It was beautiful. So hard but tender, so smooth in my hand, so white and beautiful against my skin. His hard dick fit in my mouth so perfectly, and it tasted wonderful! I closed my lips around the tip and slid my mouth down the tight shaft. He was already breathing hard, but it took just a while to suck him off. I loved every moment of it. I sucked his cock in and out of my mouth and the tip kept poking into my cheek because of the way I was leaning over him from the passenger seat of his car. He held my head while I slobbed his dick. When he told me he was going to cum, I felt some juice run out of my pussy. He started cumming in my mouth and all I could do was suck and swallow. I waited until he shot all of his load, and then I swallowed everything all at once—that was the first time I had ever swallowed cum.

That was how it started. We would meet wherever we could for a feel and a blow. I sucked him off several times, in his car, at my church, even at the office once—I told you all about that day! It was wonderful, sucking his dick at work. I think I enjoyed the rudeness and the vulgarity of it. Seeing his dick sticking out of his pants, closing my lips around it, sucking it in and out of my mouth while I sat at his desk....My pussy was so wet that day!

I've enjoyed having his dick in my mouth so many times. I've enjoyed all the cum he's let me swallow. I would love to let him fuck me. If I could thank him properly for giving me so much pleasure, I would gladly spread my legs and let him fuck me. He's asked me more than once for the opportunity. For some reason, we just can't make it happen. I want to spread my legs for him and let him slide his hard cock into my hot pussy. I can imagine his dick moving in and out of me, filling my aching hole. Just once, I want to feel his juice exploding inside me. Maybe, one of these days, we'll be able to make it happen. Until then, I guess I'll have to settle for the memories. For now....