 I met Lisa through an internet dating service. After e-mailing back and forth for a few weeks and talking on the telephone, we both decided it was time to meet in person. We seemed to have a lot in common and maybe it was a relationship worth pursuing.

She lived forty miles away and I drove there to meet her. When I first saw her I couldn’t believe it. I knew she was pretty from the photos she sent me, but she looked even better in person. She kissed me on the cheek and said it was nice to finally meet me. I said the same. 

“You’re much cuter in real life than in your pictures,” Lisa said. 

We went out to dinner that night. We talked and talked about all kinds of things, but there wasn’t much flirting going on and I was beginning to think she wasn’t interested in me. However, after dinner, she asked if I’d like to stop over her place for a while. I followed her in my car to her apartment. When we got there, we sat on the couch and began to kiss. She began to kiss my neck and ears, which drives me crazy. Then she reach down and started to stroke my hardening cock through my pants. 

“Hey, big boy,” she laughed. “Looks like someone wants to come out and play.”

“Lisa, maybe we should head to the bedroom,” I suggested.

“I don’t know. It is our first date.” she said.

“Umm, ok... maybe you’re right.” I said. I was more than a little disappointed.

She started to laugh. “C’mon, I was only kidding. Let’s go,” she said and led me to her bedroom.

I began to remove her shirt and bra while she was busy taking off her jeans. I leaned down and began to kiss her neck and moved my way down to her breasts. I kissed and sucked on each nipple while she moaned. She was nearly naked except for her thong panties. I kneeled down in front of her and with both of my hands slowly slid them down her soft legs. Kissing her thigh, I moved upward until my mouth was at her pussy. It was shaved except for a small patch of hair above her clit. I kissed it lightly and stood up. 

It didn’t take long for me to remove my shirt. Lisa had pulled down my pants and underwear at the same time and her mouth had found my stiff cock. She was going at it like a mad woman. She gripped my ass cheeks and took as much of my cock down her throat as she could. I had to stop her before I came down her throat. 

We got onto the bed and I positioned my cock at her pussy. She was soaking wet. With little resistance, I shoved my cock deep into her pussy. Once again, she was grabbing my ass, trying to pull me in even deeper. I slowed down my strokes and pulled my cock nearly all the way out, before putting it back in her. 

“Oh, fuck me, come on and fuck me hard,” she screamed.

I started going faster and faster. I was about to come myself when she slowed down. 

“I want on top,” she told me.

We switched positions and she sat on my cock. I let her do all the work and soon she was coming. Hearing her orgasm triggered my own.

“I’m coming too, baby,” I said.

“Oh yeah, come inside my pussy right now, ooh, I’m coming,” Lisa screamed.

With a couple of final thrusts upward I came too with several spurts and filled her pussy.

“You came a lot. I can feel it dripping out of my pussy,” she said as she slid slowly up and down on my softening cock. “That’s so hot. You want to know what gets me even hotter?”

“What’s that?”

She paused for a second. “Maybe I’ll tell you later. Let’s just rest for a moment.”

We laid there for a few moments in total silence, except for our pounding hearts and labored breathing. Our bodies were covered in sweat.

“Wanna take a shower,” Lisa said, breaking the silence.

“I thought you’d never asked,” I replied.

In the shower, we soaped up our bodies completely. I kneeled down, even though the water was hitting me in the face I lathered up her legs and ass. She did the same to me, but when she was soaping me up, she put her fingers between my ass cheeks and gently rubbed my asshole.

“Have to clean every inch of you,” she explained.

After rinsing off the soap, we dried each other off and went back to her bedroom. I laid down on my back as she began to kiss my chest. She worked her way down past my abs and found my cock. Instead of attacking it as she did earlier, she slowly licked from the top to the its base, kissing and licking gently it all the way down. She did the same to my balls, taking them in her hand and kissing each one. 

“And now for something completely different. I want you to pull your knees toward your chest.”

I wasn’t sure what she was up to, but I did as she asked and in doing so exposed my asshole to her. She placed her hands on my ass cheeks and pulled them apart wider still.

“Mmmm, baby, I’m going to tongue your sweet ass. Has anyone ever down that to you?”

“No, nev–uuuggggghhhhh.” Before I could finish, she was stabbing my asshole with her tiny tongue. I knew what a rim job was and had licked plenty of other girls’ asses, but this was the first time it had been done to me. She worked her tongue in and out until I thought I was going to come again. After a few minutes of licking my ass, she raised her head. I could feel cool air on my asshole.

“Let’s fuck now,” she said and pulled my legs down and quickly sat on my cock. As she moved up and down she lowered her head to mine and looked me in the eyes. “Kiss me?” she asked. I didn’t really want to, but I couldn’t refuse her and the tongue that was just in my ass was in my mouth. Just her tongue in my mouth caused me to come immediately, filling her up again. She came too, and collapsed on top of me.

“I’ve never licked anybody’s ass on the first date before,” Lisa said. “I can hardly believe I did that. Did you like it?”

“Sure, it was pretty awesome. Is that what you were talking about before, you know, that thing that gets you really hot?”

“No, that wasn’t it, but it does get me hot.”

“What was it then?”

“Well, if you really what to know, I think really it’s really sexy when a guy goes down on a girl after sex.”

“You mean after the guy comes inside her?”

“Yeah, and licks up his own come. That really gets me going. Have you ever down that before?”

“No, not yet at least. Maybe that can wait for our second date.”

“Good idea. I can’t wait,” Lisa whispered in my ear.

“Some first date, huh?” she asked me.

“The best ever,” I said.