 It had been a long two years since they had seen each other. When he left, they were just friends. Over the two years they had been texting and talking on the phone. Somewhere along the way their conversations started to get more intimate. They had even had phone sex once or twice, each one pleasuring themself while listening to the other breathing and moaning with pleasure.

This time was going to be different. They were finally together, and were going to experience that pleasure together.

After checking into the hotel and getting to their room, Dave poured two glasses of wine and told Crystal to sit and relax. He was going to get the bath ready. 

He knew how much she enjoyed a bubble bath, and wanted to make it extra special. The over sized jacuzzi tub was just right. He started the water running and poured a generous amount of bubble bath in, the bubbles forming immediately. He left the tub to fill, then proceeded to light candles and set them all around the bathroom. On the counter by the sink, on the back of the toilet tank, some smaller ones in the corners of the bathtub. He turned the water off, then turned the ceiling light off. The candlelight shimmered off the bubbles in the tub. It was almost perfect. He sprinkled a few red rose petals on top of the bubbles, and a few more around the candles on the counter. He stood back and admired his work. It was time.

He opened the bathroom door and found Crystal lightly sleeping on the couch. He walked over and kissed her forehead, then the top of her nose. His lips found her lips, and when he felt her kiss back, he knew she was awake. He slowly pulled her to her feet. Her arms wrapped around his neck as they continued kissing. His hands slowly began to undo, then push her capris down her bum. His hands stopped to massage her ass as the capris slid the rest of the way on their own.

Next his hands lifted her shirt up and over her head. He let it drop to the floor as his fingers found the back of her bra. In no time at all, the hooks were undone and he slid the straps down her shoulders. The front of the bra fell away easily leaving her fully naked in front of him. They had been kissing the whole time.

Crystal broke the kiss as she realized that one of them was slightly more over dressed. She proceeded to undo the belt, then the button on Dave's shorts. She wiggled her fingers into the top of his underwear waistband, and moved her hand down till it reached the top of his already erect penis. His shorts had dropped to the floor by themselves, and she helped his underwear follow suit. 

While one hand was slowly stroking his penis, the other hand slid up his chest and found his erect nipples. Looking up into his eyes, Dave took the cue and lifted his shirt over his head so he was as naked as she was. 

With a gentle tug of her hand, Dave led her towards the bathroom. She gasped when she saw the sight before her. Everything looked perfect. Lowering himself into the tub first, he reached for her hand and guided her in. As she lowered her body into the tub, he took opportunity to grab her ass as it passes in front of him. He kissed her lower back, then her shoulders as she settled between his legs. His rock hard penis poked her lower back.

She laid back against his chest in the relaxing bath enjoying the feel of the sensuous hot water and silky bubbles surrounding their bodies. The oil in the bubble bath made her skin feel sexy to her touch. She ran her hands over her breasts and down her arms, her skin was as smooth as satin. She let her hands glide over his legs as she moved from his legs to hers. They roamed over her hips and thighs, slowing working their way to the inside of her legs. She slid her hands up the sensitive skin of her inner thighs.

Her hands ceased their upward motion as his fingers touched the curly wisps of hair between her thighs. The bath-oil made them feel even silkier than they normally did. Slowly, his fingers roamed through the curly tangles of hair, as though searching for something. The warmth of the water and the silkiness of the bath-oil sent chills of pleasure coursing through her body as his fingers found that magic spot.

Dave began rubbing her slowly, ever so slowly, stopping occasionally to gently squeeze and tenderly massage the small, sensitive organ under his fingers. The middle finger of his left hand slowly began to work its way inside of her while his right hand continued its slow, rhythmic massage of the hot, little organ. 

Her legs involuntarily spread farther and farther apart as his finger probed deeper and deeper with each slow, deliberate stroke. She ached to have him rub the nerve faster but it felt too good to rush. Crystal forced herself to enjoy the slow, steady rhythm of Dave's rubbing, bringing her up gradually, but intensely.

Suddenly, her breath caught deep in her lungs, her hips arched upward, her head tilted back on his shoulder and her blue eyes closed. Finally, her breath escaped in one long, low moan, as waves of pleasure ran through her body. It wasn't one of those high-level, intense, explosive orgasms, but rather a gentle pulsing of relief and sweet pleasure encompassing her entire being.

Dave continued to massage her clit with one hand and probed deeper inside her with the other as Crystal gradually returned from her private heaven.

She lay still for several minutes on his chest not wanting to move, not wanting to spoil the moment. Her fingers joined his in a slow, rhythmic motion. It was over, but felt too delicious to stop.

Dave slowly nudged her, motioning for her to turn around and face him. Crystal got on her knees and turned to face him. He guided her legs around his waist, as he leaned forward to kiss her lips. 

His erect penis laid right across her still sensitive pussy. Slowly he raised her hips, so she was sitting on his upper thighs. She raised herself even higher, and his penis lined up with her vagina. She lowered herself on his full length, taking time to adjust to his girth and length.Dave grabbed her hips and pulled her down so his penis was fully engulfed. 

Crystal loved the feel of his large, strong hands on her body, anywhere on her body. She leaned forward to kiss him. He brought his hands up and gently massaged both of her breasts.

Her nipples responded quickly to his touch. They ached for more. She arched her back bringing her nipples close enough that he could grab them with his lips. He busied himself with kissing and gently biting one of her hard, swollen nipples, while tenderly massaging the other breast.

She slid her hands between her thighs, massaging her clit as her fingers grazed the base of his penis, which was still fully engulfed in her pussy. He released a long, low groan from deep inside his throat, causing his tongue to vibrate against her nipple.

That was it, that was all she could stand. Her juices started flowing. He thrust his hips upward his penis hitting deep inside her. She gasped at how he managed to go all the way in. He held her there tightly for a moment, enjoying the feel of being so deep inside her. She wiggled her hips against his persistent pressure. That got him moving. He placed his hands on her hips and raised her up and down in time with his thrusts. He began a slow, steady, deep penetrating motion, raising her up with every thrust. Almost withdrawing from her each time before he would push her back down and enter deep inside of her. He gradually moved faster and deeper. Crystal's breathing was coming in short gasps, in rhythm with his movement. 

Suddenly, she sucked her breath deep into her lungs and held it, her head reared all the way back, her toes curling in excitement. 

Dave could no longer control himself either. He held her tightly against his hips and shoved one last, hard, deep thrust. Crystal nearly passed out feeling his eruption so deep inside of her.

The dam holding her juices collapsed, they flowed with abandon. She moved her hips, ever so slightly, each time she felt his hot, swollen penis pulse, deep inside of her. Each slight movement caused another gentle pulsation. Each pulsation caused another slight movement. It was like a contest to see who could finish last. 

Finally, he was spent, his pulsing subsided and he began to slowly shrink inside her. He decided she needed one final release to be totally satisfied, and he had just enough energy left to accomplish that. 

He gently pushed her off his lap and stepped out of the tub. He reached for her hand and helped her out of the tub. He placed her hands on the side of the tub, so her ass was facing him, bent over. He grabbed her hips and slid easily inside where he had just been. He began to quickly stoke her insides again, moving faster and faster, deeper and deeper, and he was getting harder and harder again.

Crystal's strength had long ago been drained away, but his attention was causing it to rekindle. "Oh, God, Dave" she gasped. "Feels so good."

Dave's said nothing, he just held her tight and stoked faster. His hard-on was back and driving deep inside of her. It was as if a wild beast had taken control of him. She came again and again, one wave after another, but he didn't slow his pace or let up on his pressure against her. His own second orgasm caught him off guard. He was concentrating so hard on satisfying Crystal, he didn't notice his own sexual drive taking over. Without warning, he suddenly came again. This time, it was of a shorter duration, but much more intensive. He felt as if his very soul was pumping out of his throbbing penis and pouring deep inside her.

Crystal closed her eyes, quietly cried with pleasure, feeling Dave's massive contractions. Her body gently pulsed with the final, diminishing waves of pleasure. She simply had no juices left to flow.

She straightened up as Dave turned her around to face him. They embraced and kissed. He slid his hand down her arm and wrapped his fingers around hers. He led her out to the bed and guided her head to the pillow. He walked around to the other side and slid in next to her. He wrapped his arms around her as her hand found his penis. They both were in a deep sleep before anything could get started again.