 For years I have been fascinated with the idea of the first physical contact between me and a woman being my cock as it enters the women's pussy. No kissing. No foreplay. The first time we touch is me entering her. How could I make it happen? How could I find the right person?

My wife and I were at a high school basketball game talking with the same group of people we always sit with. Greg, a guy I work with at the county garage, was there with his wife. I'd seen them at games in the past, but not all the time. His wife, Terry was not a striking beauty, but she was sexy for a middle aged woman with two high school age kids. Terry and I would talk occasionally, but it would often seem like more like flirting. My wife had noticed our discussions and how we sometimes stared at each other a bit too much. She had even warned me to stay away from Terry, because she looked like trouble, and didn't want me getting into trouble. This made me think.

On this particular night I was on my way to the concession stand and bumper into Terry going back to her seat. We chatted for a bit, then she said that it seemed like I had been ignoring her since we hadn't talked in a while.

"Well," I said, "actually I have been kind of avoiding you."

"Why is that," she asked.

"Well, my wife has noticed how much we talk when we're together and , well, never mind," I said with a coy expression. 

"What did she say," Terry demanded.

"Its just that she thinks you might be trouble. And, well, she, emmm, doesn't want me to, well, you know, get into trouble." I couldn't help but fake a shy smile.

Terry smiled back and glanced around to make sure no one was within listening range. "What does she mean that she thinks I'm 'trouble'," she asked?

"Well, just that we seem to like each other and get along well and, well, that you might, well, be the kind of women that I'm attracted to." I'm good at faking innocence.

"So, are you attracted to me," Terry asked with a smile.

"Of course, I am. But my mama always warned me about letting girls take advantage of me," I said, faking shyness this time.

Terry laughed out loud and looked around again, then got serious. "So, Ed, do you think I'm 'trouble'," emphasizing the word trouble.

I nodded my head.

Terry smiled and asked, "So have you ever thought of getting into 'trouble'?" This time the word trouble had even more weight.

I nodded again.

She smiled and nodded. "I kind of like the sound of that myself, Ed. I think I need someone like you to get into me." She stressed the 'into' part. "I need some extra attention these days."

"Me too," I said softly, looking down. Here was my chance. "But, well, never mind. You would never go for it."

"What, tell me," Terry said stepping closer and brushing against my sleeve.

I stepped back and said, "You almost ruined it. You'd never understand." I started to move away from her.

"Wait, Ed, tell me. I'll understand. I'm a very understanding woman. Like how I understand that you need some extra attention," she whispered. Someone was walking by.

I looked at her with a hard stare and said, "Well, it's a bit perverted. I'm embarrassed by it."

"I like perverted, Ed. Tell me." 

"I can't stop thinking about having sex, but without all the romance part. Just straight out fucking a woman from behind and walking away." I didn't break eye contact with her. "But the important part is that the first time I ever touch her is when I slide my cock into her pussy. The first time we touch would be as the head of my cock slowly opens up the folds of her vagina and I bury myself inside her."

Terry stared back. "That sounds hot, Ed. I like your thinking. But can I add one thing?"

I nodded.

Terry glanced around again. "You never look at each other's faces. You never see them. Just the sex itself. No talking. No nothing. Just fucking."

"From behind then," I added.

"From behind," she confirmed.

I looked around. "I can't stand this Terry. I want to fuck you so badly. Tomorrow is Saturday and no one will be down at the garage. Can you get away on a "shopping trip" for an hour, at like 7:00 before anyone else is up?"

"Sure, I get up earlier than Greg and the kids, so it will be fine" she said.

"Great. I'm an early riser too. I'll head down to the shop and get things ready. I'll leave the north most garage door unlocked. Drive in from the alley so passing cars won't see you. Pull open the door, park just inside, get out and close the door. Wear a dress with no panties. Lift your skirt up and bend over the hood of your car. After I know you are ready, I'll come out and, well, fuck you from behind."

"Got it," she smiled.

I turned and walked on to the concession stand. Terry headed back to her seat. I grabbed and couple of sodas and some popcorn and headed back also.

My wife asked what took me so long. I told her there was a line in the bathroom. She ate some popcorn and never gave it another thought.

The next morning I got up at 6:00, showered and headed down to the county garage. By 6:30 I was ready, hiding behind a rack of wiring, waiting. As I waited, I was thinking about Terry which made me hard as a rock. I wanted to fuck her, but didn't want to get into a regular thing that would make Greg suspicious. I had a plan for that.

I heard a car pull up and glanced out as she lifted the garage door. She was looking back and forth down the alley. She wore a light jacket and a long sun dress. She pulled in and closed the door. She looked around in the mostly dark work area, and then turned and lifted her dress up over her hips and bent over, resting her elbows on the hood of the car. I wondered if she was wet, thinking about what was about to happen. I let her stand there exposing herself to me for a minute, and then quietly walked up behind her.

I slowly unzipped my pants. At the first sound on my zipper Terry jumped. I let my pants and underwear fall to the floor. Terry spread her legs and moaned. I grabbed my cock and slowly guided it between her legs. I was careful not to touch her, until my cock first grazed against the lips of her pussy. As soon as I made first contact I leaned in hard and buried my cock in her pussy. She was soaking wet. We both moaned at the feeling. I grabbed her hips and started power fucking her. She laid down on the hood and started panting as I drove my cock in and out of her dripping hot vagina. She wasn't very tight, but I could feel her muscles squeezing me as I bottomed out inside her and my head pushed on her cervix.

At that moment it hit me that I should have asked her if I could come inside her pussy. I knew I wasn't going to last long, but there was no turning back now. I slammed my cock home for another minute and felt the pressure build down below. I pushed as deep as I could into Terry and held the tip of my cock against her cervix as I shot stream after stream of sperm into her womb. She convulsed as her organism matched mine. Neither of us was breathing. The garage was quiet. She mumbled, "oh my God" and started to straighten up. I said, "shhh" and pushed her back down onto the hood of her car. I slowly pulled my spent cock from Terry's oozing pussy and wiped it on her ass cheeks. I pulled up my pants and slowly backed away from her. She didn't turn around.

After a few minutes she sat up and looked around. I watched from my hiding spot as she reached between her legs and scooped the mixture of sperm and vaginal secretions from her crotch and licked her fingers. She was putting on a show for me. Then she grabbed some tissues from her car and wiped the juices from her cunt, ass and hands, lowered her dress and smoothed it out. She opened the garage door and looked both ways down the alley, backed out, closed the door and speed away.

The next Friday night we were at another basketball game. Terry and Greg were there too. Terry glanced at me several times as the game started, then got up and went down to the concession stand. I followed a few minutes later and smiled to myself as I thought about what I would say to her. She was looking around waiting for me, as expected, probably planning our next encounter. As I approached she started to say something but I held up my hand and said, "Stop. Listen, Terry. I'm sorry I stood you up Saturday morning. I just couldn't go through with it. We're both married for God's sake." She stood there dumbfounded as I walked away and went to the bathroom.

Terry wasn't back yet when I went back to the stands. I laughed to myself as I told a coworker of mine that I had to stop by the garage tonight after the game. Last weekend we found out that a homeless man had popped open the north garage door and spent the weekend there. I knew the lie would get back to Terry, and I just loved it.