 She watched the landscape pass. Nothing but farmland and trees with the occasional break provided by some one horse no-name town that offered a cold drink and a clean bathroom, maybe. Fran still found herself wondering if this was such a good idea. She had deviated from her summer plans to go and meet the man that had provided her with many hours of on line passion and pleasure as well as many, many more hours off line. Fantasizing about him and the two of them together her body aching until she brought it to climax time after time. 

As the miles passed Fran thought back to how her relationship with him started. A simple chat, passing of messages, she had introduced herself to him and he responded in kind. They chatted about their lives and love of what they thought about and believed. The talked about life and death, pain and suffering, yet through it all they talked of hope and dreams. The first time they had explored their mutual longings on line it had been a most interesting experience. Never had she experienced the feelings she felt as he drew her out with his words. She shivered remembering he way he described how he was going to make love to her.

“I am slowly caressing your shoulders as I kiss your neck, feeling your skin cool on my lips. I take my tongue and trace a line along your throat to your ears where I nibble your earlobe. Slipping off your shirt I kiss your bared shoulders, my hands cupping your breasts I caress them lightly as I buff your nipples with my thumbs causing them to grow and harden. Slowly I turn you, my mouth covering yours I kiss you softly the tip of my tongue lying against your lips eager to feel them part for me. Slipping my tongue into your mouth you meet mine and our tongues play out a heated passionate duel of lust and desire.”

Fran caught herself swerving across the road as she quickly tried to regain her composure. Her panties were already damp and getting wetter as she remembered his words to her. Without a single touch her had given her such pleasure, more so than she could remember ever having. Again his words came flooding back to her, but this time she spotted a quiet rest stop and pulled her car over. The breeze through the trees was cool and the silence only interrupted by the chirping of the birds. She closed her eyes, allowing her mind to drift, his words filling her head again she listened to him like it was the first time.

His soft words of praise floated to her ears as he turned her slowly his lips playing on her skin as he made his way to her breasts. Running his tongue across her nipples she could not believe they could get any harder or bigger but they responded by thickening and growing long until they were the size of pencil erasures. Her normally dusty areolas had turned a hot pink in color as her blood rushed to them, taut and firm they ached from her desire as he caressed them in his hands as he tasted her nipples, feeling their texture between his lips. Nipping and nibbling each in turn, his soft gentle ministrations brought her closer to her climax. In her mind it was as real as he was there as she shivered and climaxed in the front seat of her car.

She had kept a copy of the first time her had made love to her on line. His descriptions of what her was doing to her as she touched herself brought her one of the hardest orgasms she had ever known. She remembered the way the chair shook as she thrashed about her fingers buried deep inside of her. She had read that chat over and over until it was part of her memory. When ever she felt the need she would just go to a quiet part of the house and close her eyes and within minutes he was there, taking her to places she had never been before. Slowly she parted her thighs as he slid down before her, opening for the pleasure she knew she would receive from this unseen lover, Fran moaned as she caressed her self, hearing in her mind his words describing what he was doing. 

Kneeling before her he let his hands linger on her thighs tracing his fingertips on her skin. Watching her face, watching her reactions. Pressing one finger down hard and dragging it across her taut, muscular, white thigh she opened her mouth in a silent “O” and he knew what this was one of her secret desires, the thin line of pain and pleasure never truly crossed by always there. He kissed her inner thigh as he slowly made his was to her foot, sucking and nibbling as he went he caressed her foot before taking each toe between his lips and suckling them. He moved from one foot to the other repeating the process, caressing the foot, sucking her toes all the while watching her. Fran could feel her body responding to his words as he described what he was doing and the constant caresses of her own hands and fingers bringing his words to life. 

Moving back up to her moist hot juncture he never paused as he slide a finger deep inside of her. She jumped from the intimate contact, expected but not quite so abrupt. He started to stroke in and out feeling her dampness growing. He paused and reached down opening her lips wider so he could gaze at her petals covered in dew. Slipping back the hood he smiled at her hardened clit as he bent to run his tongue across it. Fran moaned loudly as she flicked his tongue against it, as she slides not one but two fingers deep inside of her. Stroking deep and hard, yet with varying speed he proceeded to give her the first of many climaxes she would experience that night.

Fran paused and looked about not seeing anyone else around she decided to pull off her shorts totally as well as her panties. This gave her hands greater access to her swollen lips and her throbbing clit. She shoved three fingers deep inside and started to move them back and forth, as well as in and out. The thought of another climax consumed her as she lay back in the bucket seat pinching her nipples and stroking her dripping sex until she came. As she cried out her mind flashed back to her first climax with him on line and how she had cried out his name, so strong and clear that her personal assistant came running in the room see if she was being attacked. Talk about being embarrassed! Fran thought she must have turned at least five shades of red being caught with her hands between her legs screaming out her pleasure! 

Again he filled her mind as he sucked her clit between his lips stroking her bringing her almost to the peak and then slowly letting her slide back down only to bring her up again and hold her there. She had never been so frustrated as he played with her and toyed with her as he did. Then suddenly he bit her clit and shoved his fingers in deep and hard. As Fran followed his lead she found herself caught on a roller coaster of lust and abandonment as she experienced climax after climax. Her juices’ flowing over her own fingers and hands. Screaming out “ Ooh My God” over and over as she came in her mind and her front seat.

She smiled, licking her fingers and setting back up, yes this would be a most interesting meeting.