 I held out my hand to introduce myself, but instead of taking it, Shelly dropped to her knees and smiled up at me, then slowly reached out and unzipped my pants.

"Do you want me to continue?" Shelly asked me. Jesus, like I was going to say 'no' or something. I just nodded as she fished out my dick. I stood just inside the door of her apartment and looked around as Shelly began to lick my cock from one end to the other. 

"It's beautiful." She whispered as she nibbled at it.

"Thanks." I answered kind of shocked. I mean I had never met this girl before and here she was licking my cock.

"I don't think we have time to finish this, but I wanted you to know how well I'll treat you tonight." Shelly kept licking it and then she stopped.

"Have you ever been deep throated?" She asked.

"Um... No..." I murmured in response. Well, that was the right answer, Shelly took a breath then held my hips as she drove my dick all the way down her throat. My hands instantly took a handful of hair and held her in place as she moved her throat muscles, massaging my dick. I thought I was going to blow my load right then. I'd never had a girl do this to me before - didn't know it was even possible. This girl held on to me as I ground my balls up against her chin and I moaned loudly as she kept up the attack on my dick. Shelly finally gagged as she ran out of air, so I let go of her, but even then she waited a few seconds before pulling back and releasing my dick. She panted as she caught her breath, spit running down her chin and my dick throbbing in front of her face as I told her how amazing she was.

"Damn! That was... Fuck!" My legs shook as I held her shoulders to keep from falling over. She began to giggle, then kept repeating her actions again and again. I was in heaven as this girl sucked me off. And to think, I was not looking forward to this evening at all. After a good fifteen minutes of being sucked off, Shelly stopped and asked me what time it was. 

"Oh, yea, we better go..." I hated to tell her, but it was the truth. My sister would be mad if we showed up late. She kissed the head of my dick again before promising to finish me later, and that she had lots more tricks to show me. 

"I love sucking your dick." Shelly whispered to me as I zipped my pants back up. She grabbed her coat and I somehow managed to get my composure back as we headed down the stairs to the parking lot. 

"Where was this movie again?" I had to ask as we settled in my car.

"Northside Mall." Shelly reminded me, then reached over to rub the front of my pants as I pulled out of her apartment complex.

"It takes about twenty minutes to get there, you don't mind if I play with it while you drive do you?" She giggled. That would be a big 'hell no' I thought as she unzipped me again.

I'm going to have to thank my sister, Kelly for this, I thought as my dick was pulled out. This girl was her friend and I only asked her out because my sister insisted on it, telling me how sorry she felt that Shelly always sat at home Saturday nights while all her other friends had dates. It could be because she was about 50 pounds overweight, but then again, it could be because she just moved here about six months ago and no guy has found out what a good date she was yet – I was the first.

It all started with a phone call from my sister, Kelly who insisted that I call Shelly and ask her to double date with my sister and some guy she was going out with tonight. Kelly felt bad that her overweight friend was sitting home alone again while my she was going out on an endless stream of dates. Of course Kelly was one fine looking girl, and while Shelly wasn't ugly by any stretch, it was harder for overweight girls to catch a boyfriend, unless that is, they have some very useful talents, which this girl did.

"I love giving blowjobs, can you tell?" She giggled as she once again took my into her mouth, this time just up to the head, which she then bathed it with her tongue, around and around as she made these sexy sounds like she was eating the best desert in the world, and for all I know, dick was at least her second favorite food. 

"I'll let you cum wherever you want - my mouth, face, tits. Think about it, OK?" She told me as she let my dick slip out of her mouth. Jesus, decisions, decisions...

Unfortunately, we were pulling into the mall's parking lot and I had to reach down and pull her head off me so I could park. She wiped off her chin with my shirttail before sitting up. I had to struggle to fit in my jeans and was lucky I had brought a jacket, which I used to hide the fact that I had a serious erection as we ran to meet my sister. I glanced at my watch. Good, just enough time.

Kelly was waiting outside the ticket booth and frowned at me, scolding me that we were almost late. I hugged my sister and shook hands with her date. We all hurried inside and found seats off to the right side of the theater. There was no one to my right side and Shelly sat in the middle next to Kelly, with John to her left. The lights no sooner went out, that Shelly leaned over and asked me if I had decided where I was going to cum when she continued my blowjob.

"Haven't decided, but probably face." I answered, having always wanted to try that.

"I bet you taste really good though." She whispered back. Oh, fuck! I had trouble keeping my mind on this stupid movie as all kinds of thoughts ran through my head. Suddenly. She moved her jacket until it was covering my lap and reached over and unzipped my pants again. I glanced over to my sister as my dick got hard. My sister nodded at me, and mouthed the words "thank you" to me as her friend jerked me off. I nodded back and turned my attention back to the screen, hoping my sister didn't notice that I was getting a handjob.

I ate my popcorn to keep from moaning as my dick was being jerked up and down with incredible expertise. 

"I swallow." She whispered in my ear as she squeezed my dick. I almost lost it on that remark, and I grabbed her hand to hold it still while I calmed down. Just then Kelly leaned around Shelly and asked how I liked the movie.

"It's good, thanks." I replied, not trusting myself to speak a whole lot more. I was using all my energy to not shoot off into this girl's coat. My sister smiled, I knew she was grateful that I'd done this for her. I was glad too, in more ways than one.

Shelly managed to get me back into my pants and all zipped up by the time the credits ran, and I moved my jacket over my crotch as Shelly took hers. This would be a whole lot easier if Kelly wasn't three feet away!

My sister and her date asked us to join them for a burger and as much as I wanted to head back to Shelly's place so she could finish me off, I answered "Sure."

Each couple went to their own car and we had a ten minute drive to the restaurant before we met up again. Shelly proceeded to tell me the dirtiest stories I ever heard as we drove, starting with the time she first sucked some guy off. There was an older kid on the school bus, and he used to tease her about her weight, which always made her cry, but one day, she decided she'd turn the tables on him. It was no secret what boys want – even at that age, Shelly told me, and when this boy was sitting all alone in the back of the bus, Shelly made her move, getting up and sitting next to him.

"What the fuck do you want?" He asked her. I want to see you thing, Shelly answered. He smiled and pulled out his dick, proudly showing off his developing manhood. She didn't hesitate and reached down to touch it. Two minutes later his load was splattered on the back on the seat in front of them.

"I was hooked right then, I tell you." Shelly went on.

"The best part was that he treated me really good after jerking him off – and even better, a few weeks later when he met me in the woods behind my house – that's where I learned how to give blowjobs, we'd practice everyday after school.

"I was worried about the taste at first – and how much came out. Hell, I didn't know, but after I blew him, I even wished there had been more, it tasted so good." My dick was really hard now and missed my turn as we drove by the restaurant where we were meeting Kelly at. 

Once inside, we ate and laughed about the movie, which had been pretty bad by everyone's account. I hadn't cared a bit, seeing how I had gotten a handjob all the way through it. 

We ate and talked for an hour before Shelly said that she had to get up early the next day and should be going. My sister kissed my cheek as we left as she whispered what a good brother I was. I kissed her back and told her that I was having fun. She had no idea.

On the ride back to Shelly's apartment, she pulled out her big tits, telling me how soft they were and how much they love a load of cum shot on them. I looked down as I drove. Wow, fat girls do have huge breasts, and this girl's were mega-huge. The nipples alone were bigger than my last girlfriend's entire breasts.

She unbuckled her seat belt and got closer to me, letting me reach over and grab a handful of warm tit. God, they were soft. I played with them all the way back to her apartment, all the while Shelly continued to tell me storied of her sexual escapades. Seems after she gave her first blowjob, the boy told all his friends and she ended up sucking off a few of them as well – and never again was she teased about being overweight.

Shelly held my hand going up her stairs and once inside, she told me to sit on her couch. In seconds, my dick was being freed and she was on her knees in front of me.

"You said in my face, correct?" Shelly asked as she licked up and down on my throbbing cock.

"Yea, if you don't mind. I've never done that before." I told her as I held her chin in my hands.

"Oh, no, I'll like wherever you like, really." With that, she took me down her throat, and as my balls ground up against her chin, I felt like my dick was going to shoot out the back of her head. I'd never been so far down a girl's throat before and couldn't believe how easily Shelly accomplished this. It was like she had no gag reflex at all. She held me tight in her mouth until tears ran down her cheeks, wanting to please me as much as she could.

Next, she showed me several more ways she could suck a dick, my favorite was the way she hummed while sucking the head as hard as she could, that one drove me over the cliff and two minutes after she started that one, I was yelling I was going to shoot. Shelly pulled her head off me and jerked with both hands, pointing my dick at it's target as I shot a bucket of cum in her face.

"You are amazing." I moaned, which made her smile as she finished up. I looked down. Her face was covered with cum, from her forehead to her chin – there was even a gob hanging from her right eyelash. My head dropped backwards, exhausted from all the teasing and release. I breathed deeply as I regained my strength. Shelly stayed on her knees and slowly cleaned me off as I shuttered. When I looked down, she'd undone her top and was about to wrap her impressive tits around my cock.

"Lay back and close your eyes." She instructed, so I did, feeling the incredible warmth from her soft breasts. It didn't take long before I almost fell asleep from how warm and soft she felt. Shelly took it slow and let me relax as she held her body up against me. My last girlfriend had the smallest tits and couldn't have dreamed of pleasing me this way. My dick began to harden again and my feeling of sleepiness left as I reached down and squeezed her tits tighter around my dick. Shelly giggled and began to lick the head of my dick as it appeared from between her tits with every stroke.

"I want some more cum.. Please...Please cum in my mouth this time." Shelly begged as her soft tits pressed against me. As I stared at her, I was reminded that she never cleaned off from me shooting my last wad on her face, and it had dried on her cheeks. I began to squirt and she opened her mouth, catching the first shot right on her tongue, then closing her lips around the head of my dick as I filled her mouth, where she finished me off.

"Yummy." Shelly told me in a very serious voice. "Your cum tastes great, I mean it." Then she sucked hard on my softening dick, getting all she could out of me, before I finally lifted her head off and telling her that I had to go.

"Tell your friends what a good time you had, OK?" Shelly looked up at me with a big smile.

"I will, if you want me to." I couldn't believe she wanted me to tell everyone about her blowing me this evening. Oh, yea, she will have no trouble at all making new friends here.

"Word of mouth is the best advertisement." She giggled. I knew then that this was her way of keeping a steady supply of dates. Being a little heavy was not going to stop her from having as much fun as any other girl in school. She was still kneeling there as I closed the door, my legs barely able to carry me to my car.