 This is a true story about a date I had recently...

I put a lot of thought into what I am going to wear on a date. My usual tendency is to dress revealingly, I have a nice figure, and I like to show it off and see the reaction I get from men. On a first date though I try to tone it down a little, I don't want my man to have to deal with lots of other men staring at me (well, not too much anyway), so I wound up wearing pants and a low cut top with a push up bra. Sometimes I'd really like to have more cleavage, I like my boobs, but cleavage on display is so eye catching. I can entrance men with my boobs or nipples by not wearing a bra, because they love the shape of them, but it's not the same as cleavage, and sometimes I have to wear a bra, so my nipples don't show and nor does the natural shape, so I need cleavage.

I wore a Brazilian gstring, like a g but there is more material at the top and nothing on the cheeks of your bum. I wore this cos it shows a panty line, and makes it quite clear that I am wearing sexy underwear, and I know the effect being able to see the lines of sexy underwear has, and it matched my bra. As I said, I didn't want to dress slutty, but I did want to have a lot of sex appeal showing, and I wanted him to know when he got my clothes off that I had been planning all along to bed him. I was planning on leaning forward a lot at dinner to maximise the cleavage that I do have.

The date was fun. Dinner was good and we chatted and had a laugh, and some of the time he even managed to look me in the eye lol. After dinner he asked if I wanted coffee at a cafe down the road from the restaurant, but I said I was a little tired and asked if he had coffee at home. When we got to his place I waited a bit to see if he would make the first move, but he was a little slow, so I put my arms around him and reached up to kiss him. He was a little slow for me, cos I was totally wet now, I knew that in a few minutes I would have a brand new dick in me and the anticipation and waiting was killing me. I'd been wet all night, knowing my plans, where as I guess he was hoping but not expectant. So since he was a bit slow, I put my hand on his arse, a signal that it was ok for him to feel me up, and that was all the encouragement he needed. He put his hand on my arse and pressed me to him and I could feel his hard on through his pants.

His hands were all over me, and mine over him, and I undid his shirt and pushed it off, and he tried to get mine, lol guys can be so clumsy, so I just pulled it over my head and got rid of my bra too, and pressed my boobs against his chest. He was very hot against me, and then he slid a hand between us to feel my boobs. He told me to come with him and led to the bedroom by the hand, very sweet I thought, and once we were apart I could see his hard dick pressing against his pants, very nice. When we got to the bedroom he kissed me again, and I moved away a little and knelt down in front of him and started undoing his pants, I love the look on a guys face when I kneel down in front of him and he realises I am going to suck him, when I see it I can't help but smile, and then they just look so much cuter lol

Once I had his dick out I filled my mouth with it while I was watching him, again the look on guys faces when they see me take a huge mouthful, not just a little of the head is a total turn on. When I'm starting a head job, I like to take as much in my mouth as I can, getting the shaft nice and wet and slippery, feeling the head pressing momentarily on my throat (I can't deep throat for more than a few moments without gagging) is such a turn on, but as much as guys like to watch me take it all, I've noticed the reactions to be much stronger when I concentrate on the head and just a little of the shaft, so once I have the shaft wet I stroke it with my hand and keep the end in my mouth and swirl my tongue around the head and suck.

After a few minutes sucking him I pulled his pants right off and stood up and moved to kiss him, if a guy won't kiss me after sucking him I won't suck him any more (especially if they have cum in my mouth). I pushed him down on the bed and took my pants off, turning around and bending over as I slide my pants off so he could see my arse, I straddled him and pressed my pussy against his cock as I pulled his head to me to kiss me. I like to take control once we are in the bedroom, I think that as long as one person in the bedroom is a good lover the sex will be good, so long as that person is in control. I've found that if a guy is good in bed he'll take control when he's ready, and the clumsy lovers are often happy enough to leave me in control.

I bit his ears and the usual foreplay and stuff, but I'm going to try to hit the highlights for you ;) I'm getting wet again writing this.

I climbed up him and put my pussy in his face, so he could smell me through my gstring, and I let him lick me and suck me through the thin fabric (well, told him to actually, it looked like I was going to be keeping control this time), after a bit of this I moved off him, put my legs up in the air and took my gstring off, letting him have a nice view of my wet bald pussy and arse, another priceless expression, then I mounted his face again. Most guys are not very good at eating pussy, but I like to rub my pussy and arse in their face anyway, I moved my pussy back and forth over his mouth, trying to get his tongue into my arsehole but he kept following my movements, so I held his head and planted my arse right on his mouth, mmmmm, that was what I wanted his wet tongue right in my arsehole, but he moved and licked around my arse, and I resigned myself and stopped trying to get him to lick my arse.

I got off him and told him to stay there and got a condom out of my bag and undid it and popped it in my mouth and slid it on his cock using my mouth, this is one time I never get to see their face, but many tell me later that it is quite a sight. I can't usually quite get it all the way on using just my mouth, but I sneak the last little bit with my hand and they don't usually notice. Once I had the condom on him I just hopped on and rode him slowly, if I go too fast they cum too soon. I took his hands and had him squeeze my boobs gently and rub my clit with one hand, and it wasn't too long before I started cumming, I hoped he'd be able to last cos I like to finish my men with my mouth. But after I'd cum a couple of times he started to pump faster, and tense hi muscles up, so I got off him and took off the condom and started sucking him again, and within seconds he came in my mouth. We lay there for a little while, me with my face in his crotch, holding his balls in one hand. And after a while I moved and put my head on his shoulder.

I think we fell asleep. A little while later I woke up and checked the time, it was still early, my boyfriend probably wouldn't be home yet, and I whispered in my guys ear whether he would be able to do it again, and he told me "God no, that time had almost killed me", so I kissed him, and asked him to drive me home. Which he did. And when we said goodbye he asked when he would see me again, and I told him I would call, which I might, he wasn't bad, but I prefer it when the guy can take complete control of me, and I just lie there and have fantastic things done to me, and more than once too lol but at least I have my boyfriend at home to complete my satisfaction ;)