 "Would you like to come in?" she asked with a smile. 

"Sure," he responded, watching her eyes. 

She met his eyes briefly, then looked away and said, "Great!" 

As they walked up the drive, Bo thought back over how he'd gotten to this point. He'd met Erin exactly a week before at the opening of a new office for the bank he worked for. She was short and petite, only 5'4," 108 lbs, but with her sparkling eyes, bright smile, and incredible curves, she had quickly caught his eye. He had struck up a conversation about loans and they'd made small talk. He invited her to visit his office the following Monday to discuss her loan and she accepted. She had arrived at his office that day in a blouse and skirt that were appropriate, but that showed off her ample curves. After discussing her loan questions, he asked her to lunch and she accepted. After lunch, he asked her if she would like to get together the following Friday night and she'd accepted. They exchanged phone numbers and he got her address and they parted ways. He had anticipated the date the rest of the week and had arrived at her townhouse several minutes early on Friday night wearing a blue button down and khaki slacks. She had answered the door in a stunning black dress. It was simple, sleeveless, just a tad short, and a perfect complement to her short dark hair and big, sparkling, eyes. They had gone to George's, an intimate, local steakhouse for dinner, and then gone to a movie. During dinner, she had practically not taken her eyes off of him, and had brushed her knee against his more than once. At the movie, she had made it plain that she wanted his arm around her, and when the plot thickened, she had grabbed his hand, and held it, even after the tense moment passed. She had laid her hand lightly on his thigh on the ride back to her house. Now, though it was after 11, she had, as he'd hoped, invited him in. 

She opened the door and led him inside. The townhouse wasn't large, but it was tastefully decorated and obviously well cared for. She flipped on the light in the kitchen and asked if he would like a drink. 

"Sure," he replied. "I'll have whatever you have." 

"Wine ok?" she asked. He nodded and she said, "Make yourself at home in the great room." 

He walked slowly around the large room, looking at her pictures and decorations. Shortly, she walked in and handed him his wine. 

"Have a seat," she said, gesturing to a blue love seat. He sat down and she sat beside him, her leg touching his. 

"To an enjoyable evening," he said, raising his glass and smiling. 

"Cheers!" she replied, smiling as they clinked glasses and sipped the sweet red liquid. He casually put his arm around her and sipped his drink. She seemed to melt into his side. As she snuggled closer to him, she crossed her legs, causing the skirt to ride up a good ways. He noticed, admiring her shapely, tanned legs. When he looked up, she was watching him with a twinkle in her eye. He blushed slightly, and she giggled softly. 

"What's the matter?" she asked coyly, gently placing her hand on his thigh. 

"Well," he said, "I'm afraid you caught me staring." 

"Oh," she said, feigning disapproval. "Now you know that's not nice." This was followed by a big wink and another giggle. By this time, he was completely captivated by Erin. 

"You're right," he said, with a wink of his own, "let me apologize." As he said that, he leaned in and kissed her softly. She gasped, but quickly responded. He pulled away and saw that her eyes were still closed and her mouth open. 

She opened her eyes and set her glass down, and said softly, "Thanks for the apology, but I think you will have to do better than that. 

Bo set his glass down, took her face gently in his hands and kissed her deeply. She responded passionately, parting her lips and finding his tongue with hers. He hands touched his chest as she leaned closer, pressing her lips and then her body to him. His hands moved to her body, one caressing her neck and the other gently pressing on her bottom. Her kisses became more heated and he responded in kind, nuzzling her neck, licking and lightly sucking, causing her to giggle and squirm. His placed his right hand gently on her left thigh and stroked lightly with his fingertips. She cooed softly, and then set her right hand on the crotch of his pants, feeling the tightness there. Suddenly, she broke their embrace and stood. 

"I'm going to change clothes, ok?" she asked. "Be right back." She turned and darted into her bedroom. After several minutes, she yelled, "Hey, Bo! Could you come help me with somethin'?"

Curious, and hopeful, he got up and walked down the hall. Entering her room he smiled. Candles and incense were the only lights in the room. The bed was turned back, and soft music was emanating from an unseen source. Erin was standing just in front of the bed, her dress partially unzipped and a come hither look in her eyes.

With feigned, playful, innocence, she demurely asked, "My zipper's stuck. Can you help me with it?" 

With a smile, he stepped behind her, took the zipper, and easily pulled it down until it was at her waist. She looked over her shoulder and whispered, "Well don't you have the touch." 

"Guess so," he replied as his fingertips began to slide softly up and down her back. He rubbed her back as he inclined his head and began to lick her right earlobe, lightly sucking it, then swirling his tongue in her ear. She squirmed and giggled, pressing back against him. Next he kissed the nape of her neck, moving his hands up to caress her back and shoulders, slowly spreading her dress open more. He kissed across her shoulders and neck as his fingertips glided up and down her arms, raising goose bumps. Erin sighed softly, closing her eyes and enjoying the sensations. His hands moved in slow circles from her spine outward, slowly pushing the dress off her shoulders. When it reached the edge, he gently pulled it down over her arms. As he did, she raised her arms, until the dress simply hung at her waist, held up only by the curve of her hips. He took her raised hands and held them, then let his fingers glide down her arms and then on down her sides to her waist. She shivered at his touch, her heart beating faster. His fingers stroked her firm tummy and slowly slid upward until his hand cupped her large, soft breasts through her black bra. He caressed her breasts, for a few moments, feeling her nipples rise through the sheer material. She moaned softly. Bo moved his fingertips around to the back of the bra; He unhooked it, then slid his hands back around her sides and slid them up underneath the cups. His hands squeezed and caressed her breasts and she quickly shrugged the straps from her shoulders and dropped the bra to the floor. As she bent forward slightly, his hands weighed her heavy breasts and he smiled. 

Erin turned to face him, almost throwing her body against him, kissing him hungrily and pressing her body against him. Her fingers quickly found the buttons on his shirt and began to unbutton them quickly. Within seconds she had Bo's shirt unbuttoned and pulled out of his slacks. Quickly she pushed it off his shoulders and tore at his t-shirt, pulling it roughly over his head. She kissed him with increased intensity as her fingers moved over his chest. He crushed her against his body, enjoying the feel of her soft breasts and rising nipples against his chest. They kissed again hungrily, their breathing accelerating. His hands slowly pushed her dress over the curve of her hips and it dropped to the floor leaving her in only a pair of small black panties. His hands lightly squeezed her butt through the thin panties as she unhooked his belt and began to unbutton his pants. She fumbled briefly with the zipper, then getting it down; she put both hands on the hem of his trousers, and with one quick stroke pushed his pants and shorts to the floor. His semi-rigid cock bobbed and weaved and they both smiled. She looked into his eyes as she slowly knelt in front of him. Her nails moved slowly up and down his inner thighs causing his cock to twitch slightly. She watched it with desire and leaned in close, licking the head softly. He sighed at the sensation of her soft, warm tongue on his swelling head. She took one hand and gently pushed his shaft upward and began to stroke it. It rapidly hardened and grew, increasing his desire as it did. Her hand moved faster on his throbbing shaft and her tongue grew more active, swirling over the head and teasing the sensitive place on the underside. His eyes closed and he moaned softly at the pleasure she was giving him. 

When Bo felt his control begin to weaken, he stepped back from her. As Erin looked up at him, he helped her to her feet and kissed her deeply and hungrily. He reached between them as they kissed, gently feeling the crotch of her panties and finding it warm and wet. He smiled and gently guided her back to the bed. 

"Sit on the edge and lie back," he commanded. 

She complied, watching him as he knelt before her. Slowly he began to lick and kiss his way up her left thigh. She moaned as he moved higher and higher. Her hands found his hair as his face found her sex. His tongue began to slide slowly up and down her moist slit and she moaned more loudly, arching her back up to push herself into his face. Gently, he ran two fingers around her clit, teasing it as he easily pushed two fingers into her steaming pussy. As his fingers began to move in and out, her body began to meet them. Her moans grew louder as he increased the pace and swirled his tongue against her clit. Her hips bucked wildly as he steadily increased the tempo and depth. Finally, her body arched in a prolonged moment of tension and she screamed with pleasure, moaning her surrender over and over as her head thrashed from side to side and her hands balled the bed clothes up in a ball. He slowed his pace, letting her come down then stood above her and gently turned her on the bed so that her head was on the pillow. She took his hand and pulled him toward her, then whispered, "Make love to me, Bo."

Bo knelt on the bed between her legs and leaned down to kiss her as he began to rub his shaft against her wet, warm pussy. He bent his head more and softly sucked her left nipple, bringing soft moans from her lips. He gave her right nipple the same treatment, and then returned to her lips. Her hand reached down and found her wet sex. She rubbed herself for several seconds, then took her now slick fingers and began to stroke his cock, pulling it gently, but insistently toward her pussy. He placed the head of his penis against her sex and began to gently press against it. With almost no effort, his cock entered her sodden pussy. She moaned passionately and began to move her hips in a slow clockwise motion. He matched her rhythm, stroking with slow, shallow thrusts. She reached up and pulled him closer, kissing him fiercely and using her legs to draw his penis deeper into her. 

The tempo slowly increased as did the depth of his thrusts. Her internal muscles worked on his swollen, throbbing cock as they moved together. Soon his moans rivaled hers, the sound of their voices mingling with the wet sound of their lovemaking. Erin's eyes closed and her body tensed as her second orgasm approached. She threw her head back and let out a long, deep moan as the tidal wave approached her. 

"Cum!" she shouted. "Cum, ohhhh mmmmmmmmmmmmmaaaaahhhhhhhhhh, yesssssssssss, yesyesyesyesyes,YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!"

Her cries and the incredible friction on his throbbing cock head proved more than he could take. As he slammed his penis into her as fast as he could, he felt the cum rising up from his balls into his shaft. He strained to hold back, extending the pleasure just a few more seconds. 

"Erin!" he moaned. "Mm, ohhhh, ohhhhhh, Erin! YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!"

His cock erupted, spurting again and again into her warm pussy. She wrapped her legs around him as they rode the orgasmic wave. 

Slowly, they both came back to earth. Her arms wrapped around him as their breathing slowed and their eyes grew heavy. He kissed her tenderly and whispered, "I had a really nice time tonight, Erin. Wanna go steady?" They both laughed softly as she brushed the hair from his face and said, "Yes." She smiled at him dreamily as her warm, sated body began to fall asleep. "Never leave me, Bo" she whispered. He nodded and held her as she drifted off to sleep in his arms.