 It had been a hectic week with one crisis after another to manage on her various job sites. Being a female Project Manager for a construction company had its pros and cons. It mean fending off the usual come-ons and putting some rather large men in their place from time to time, but that was usually rather enjoyable. Most of them were rather harmless and it was all in good clean fun; well at least good fun!

She was about 5'4" in stocking feet, but no one had ever seen her in anything that didn't have at least a 3" heel on it. Her strawberry blonde hair went halfway down her back, but it was usually in a ponytail sticking out the back of a baseball hat. She was definitely all woman, the 34DD's were impossible to hide, but it wasn't like she was really trying to hide them either. She was proud of her curves. At 38, after having two children and being a single mother she didn't think her body was perfect anymore, but she knew what men liked and how to leave them wondering and wanting more. She was very proud of the fact that she was still sexy as hell even in jeans and a shirt covered with sawdust.

She'd finally gotten around to checking her email after the kids were finally in bed and asleep. As a single mother this was just about the only time she got to herself. In her inbox there was another reminder that she had mail at one of those personals sites someone had talked her into registering at. When she occasionally bothered to check it she usually just deleted all the emails without even reading the majority of them. 

She had gotten pretty tired of the dating scene and especially tired of the stream of men that just wanted to talk shit. Occasional flirting on IM was fun and a harmless enough diversion, but so many of them just had nothing to offer, nothing she wanted anyway. She definitely was not interested in married men. Those that at least claimed to be single spent way too much time talking about how horrible their ex's were. She just wanted to find an intelligent man that had his act together and could hold up his end of a conversation. Of course if he could rock her world that would be a major bonus!

As she went through her mail she noticed that the message from the personals site was from a guy that had emailed her previously. The first time around she had sent him a polite note back that basically said "Thanks, but no thanks, I'm taking a break from dating." This time his note was pretty sweet, telling her he hoped her hiatus from dating was not because of some horrific experience with a man. He also said that if she changed her mind or just wanted to chat he'd like to get to know her, as her profile had really struck a cord with him. She figured it couldn't hurt to take a look at his profile too and see if they really did have anything in common.

She grabbed a cup of coffee and pulled up his profile. He was right. They did appear to have a lot of things in common; habits, hobbies, likes, dislikes, etc. The thing that really had her a little leery was the lack of a photo on his profile. From past experience that usually meant that they were either married or ugly as sin. That ranked right up there with those men that posted pictures that were at a minimum of 10 years old and did not think anyone would notice when they met. His description of himself did pique her interest. He was 5'11", blue eyes, athletic and bald. She had no idea why, but for the last six months or so she had found herself extremely attracted to bald men. Especially if they had broad shoulders and looked like they could pick her up and toss her around like a rag doll.

Of course it wasn't that she really wanted to be literally tossed around, but she didn't really find thin men or those with the typical runner's physique physically appealing. She wanted to feel big strong arms around her and did not want to be afraid of breaking some tiny man in two.

She figured nothing ventured, nothing gained and went ahead and sent him a short message in return. It didn't take him very long to respond and so the odyssey began. The first night the chat was pretty tame, but they both realized they had an uncanny amount in common. He was new to the area, having recently moved from Augusta, Georgia, a place she knew well from annual family vacations to visit her grandparents who lived there when she was a child. They continued their chatting for a few days learning all about each other as they went. Of course there was a little harmless flirting thrown in here and there for good measure. 

He had said he could change her mind about dating and she was beginning to believe him. He was wearing down her resistance. Surprising herself, she gave him her telephone number so he could call her that weekend while he was driving back from picking up the remainder of his possessions from Georgia. She was actually beginning to look forward to hearing his voice. He had emailed her a couple of pictures of himself; one casual that had been taken while he was on a cruise that past year and the second one he was wearing a suit at someone's graduation ceremony. She couldn't decide which one she actually liked better. She was hoping the voice on the telephone would match the look from the photos and the kind hearted, intelligent, yet sexy and intriguing quality from their internet chat conversations. When Sunday finally came and he called just as he said he would, she was very pleased with the voice on the other end of the line. She kept him company with conversation while he was driving back for about an hour or so of his journey, talking about anything and everything.

They continued chatting online in the evenings and the occasional phone call or text message. The flirting increased and the innuendos were flying. The banter was playful, but it was doing something to her. Her mind began to wander to thoughts of what his hands would feel like on her skin and what it would feel like to have him inside her. She kept thinking to herself, how can she be having all of these thoughts about a man she told she wasn't interested in dating? She wondered if he would be gentle and sweet or if perhaps he had an edge to himself. She was hoping for perhaps a little bit of both.

They talked continued talking about all of their likes and dislikes, from musical tastes to sexual positions. It was funny how they both agreed that the woman on top was a personal favorite. As they chatted she could picture the scene and almost feel his hands on her and his cock inside her. She had told his man she hardly knew more about her deepest, darkest desires than she had ever had the courage to tell even the few men in her life that she had actually been intimate with. The one that scared her the most was her desire or fantasy rather, to be "taken". Not hurt or abused, but to be able to totally turn over control of a sexual encounter to a man that she trusted and allow herself to stop thinking and only feel. She had always been the one to take charge and be in control in every aspect of he life, including sex. She wanted a man that could read her and her body and know just how to bring her to the edge and keep her there until she was begging for release.

In the middle of one of their sexually charged conversations she asked him what he would do if he were taking her from behind and she asked him to spank her. His answer was perfect, "How hard baby?" She could feel her juices start flowing. He then told her that he doubted she would have had to ask. She had an encounter once many years ago with a man that had taken her from behind and sent her over the edge in a way she never imagined when he slapped her ass as she was about to cum. That experience had rocked her world and she longed to relive it. Her last relationship had been a long one, nine years long. The sex had been good, but there were those few things that she craved her partner could not or would not provide sexually. One of them was a firm hand on her ass and the other was mild restraint. Nothing too crazy, but she longed to have someone else take total control of her, for a few hours anyway.

She had started to think that perhaps Charles might well be the one to take her to those places she had never been. She was starting to get a little anxious about wanting to meet him in person and see if there was really chemistry there. She definitely was not the type of woman to sleep with a man on the first date, so she decided that there first meeting was definitely going to have to be in a public place in the middle of broad daylight. Otherwise she might break all of her own rules and never forgive herself, especially if it didn't turn out well down the road.

He sent her a text message at the end of the day to see how she was doing and let her know that he was going to run some errands and hopefully they could catch up online later and chat. Having just moved to Virginia he had some things he needed for his new place. They'd talked about perhaps getting together and letting her help with a little decorating, a woman's touch. She was hoping for sooner versus later and when he called to ask her opinion on some items he was looking at in Bed Bath and Beyond she told him he should have waited until the following evening when she would have been free to join him. She hoped he'd gotten the hint. 

As he continued his shopping they continued discussing how each or their days went and she told him that she definitely could use a drink and a massage. It had been another one of those crazy days with one crisis after another. He came right out and offered her both. She was disappointed yet almost grateful when she had to remind him that the only weeknights she had to herself were Wednesdays when her ex spends time with their daughter. She desperately wanted to meet him, but was afraid of being disappointed or perhaps it might be worse if she really liked him as much as she thought she was going to. He told her that it wasn't a one time offer and that he would love to meet her the following night, but would have to check with one of the guys from work that he had promised to help with something. His friend had helped him unload the U-haul on Monday, when he got back from Georgia, so he was obligated to return the favor. If Wednesday didn't end up working out he said that he was free over the weekend if she'd like to do something together. She breathed a sigh of relief and nervousness. Worst-case scenario meant three more days to wait and wonder. She was still hoping for Wednesday night to take the edge off and get that awkward first meeting over with and out of the way. Patience was definitely never her strong suit, but if he were worth having at all, it would be worth the wait.

She couldn't stop thinking about him these last few days and was in a constant state of arousal, feeling the wetness at her core. She smiled to herself during the day as she made her visits and inspections at the various job sites and dealt with her subcontractors. She was hoping there hadn't been a noticeable wet spot on her jeans earlier in the day when she was climbing a ladder to check on some work. She was praying that he was "real" and not a player or a friend of a friend playing a joke on her. Her friends knew she had decided to take a break from dating for a while and they all told her that it wouldn't last long, someone would catch her attention when she least expected and being a romantic fool at heart she would take another chance. She figured by now they had to be taking bets and scheming.

It was about 2:45pm on Wednesday and she still hadn't heard back from Charles on whether his prior commitment for the evening still stood or not. She was guessing that since the weather had broken and the sun was now shining that she would have to wait until the weekend to finally lay eyes on him.

Yet another night was destined to be spent fantasizing about Charles and imagining that he was making love to her, instead of once again pleasuring herself with one of her assorted battery operated boyfriends. It took the edge off and sure self-love was better than no love, but it had been a very, very long time and she craved the real feelings and sensations provided by real flesh on flesh. She hoped when they finally met she would be able to keep her cool and maintain her composure. She was afraid that he would see right through her and her eyes would give her desires away.

They chatting again briefly that night, both admitting to wishing they could have spent it together. The following evening they started working on their plans for Saturday. Since she wouldn't have her daughters that day they decided to start their "date" earlier instead of your typical evening date. They agreed that they'd meet at Starbuck's and start off with a cup of coffee, a vice they both enjoyed. While they enjoyed their coffee they could create their plan of attack for a little shopping before lunch. She agreed that if all went well through lunch they'd finish up their shopping and she would go back to his place to help him hang pictures and decorate. The only thing that truly made her nervous was his comment about wanting to find a new comforter set for the bed and having her help him make it if they did find the right one. She wasn't totally sure if he really wanted help making the bed or if he wanted to make her in it. He promised her no pressure and that he truly didn't expect anything of her besides a new friendship. She was thinking to herself and still wasn't sure if that was all she wanted.

Who the hell did she think she was kidding, she knew what she wanted from Charles and it wasn't just friendship. Her common sense was waging a war with her libido. She had always had a remarkable sex drive, but lately it was almost all she could think about. She was trying to reason with herself that it was only because it had been so long since she'd actually had sex with a man and her hormones were trying to take over. 

She'd had more than a few first dates, but just hadn't found one she even wanted to see twice, let alone get naked with. Heaven knows several had tried, but she knew it would never be more than just sex and she knew that was not what she really wanted. She wanted someone she could talk to and share those little things in life with, the things that were important to her. She didn't want to be with someone she felt she needed to gnaw her arm off to get away from when the sex was finished. What she longed for was the one that made her never want to leave.

She and Charles chatted for a while Friday evening firming up their plans for the morning. She wondered if she was ever going to be able to sleep. How could a woman her age still feel like a teenager she pondered? After tossing and turning for a while and not being able to get him out of her mind, she once again pleasured herself imagining that it was his hands on her body, teasing her, making her burn with his touch, stoking the growing fire within.

Saturday morning came and Mark showed up to pick up Sarah. Now that they'd been separated for so long they were able to talk like friends and normally sat down for a little while to chat while Sarah finished breakfast. This morning though she was quiet but appeared very happy and very distracted. In a joking tone he told her she seemed way too happy and asked if she'd "gotten some". She just casually glanced over her shoulder back at him and told him, "Not yet". 

A few weeks back she'd gotten a new tattoo on her lower back and she had emailed Charles a picture of it. Fortunately he shared her fondness for tasteful tattoos. She had a couple other smaller ones that were placed where no one would see them unless she wanted them to. She had always wanted one on her lower back; regardless of all the great things tattoos there were called. Her ex had never liked tattoos and of course had a rude comment about the latest addition to her art. Her exact words in response had been, "Well, since you will never again be looking at me from that position I guess your opinion doesn't really matter now, does it?" 

It had been a gift to herself, a reminder of how far she'd come over the last couple of years, being on her own as a single mom and making a wonderful life for her and her girls. They were truly happy and she had done it all on her own. For that she was proud. The tattoo was her own design, a tribal heart with outstretched wings and up through the middle of the heart was a single long stem rose, with two small rose buds coming off the sides. The heart represented her finally learning to love herself, spread her wings and fly. The rose was for her and of course the small rosebuds were for her two beautiful daughters who had given her the strength she needed when she didn't think she could make it. The tattoo made her feel confident and sexy as hell. It was totally healed now and she couldn't wait to show it to someone that would appreciate it for its beauty and what it meant to her. She had finally put the past behind her where it belonged and was really ready to start living life for all it was worth, every minute of it.

She was sitting on a job site Friday around lunchtime thinking about the next day, when she would finally get to meet Charles. Since they were doing a shopping/lunch date, she had no idea what to wear. She had recently bought this amazing halter dress that she had told him about and actually bought with him in mind, which he'd said he couldn't wait to see her in. She couldn't want for him to see her in it either, but knew it would be overkill for a shopping trip. Now she had to come up with a new plan for what to wear. He was pretty laid back, so perhaps she'd just go with her version of "business casual", jeans and a t-shirt or perhaps one of her tailored white button up shirts with a couple less buttons buttoned than she'd wear to a job site. He was definitely a boob man and she was going to make sure he noticed her assets. Her decision was made, sexy white shirt, low-rise jeans and her favorite fuck-me boots. Casual, classy and sexy all rolled up into one! She was getting herself hot and bothered just thinking about it. What was she getting herself into? 

When Saturday finally arrived she could hardly contain her nervousness and excitement. In just a couple of hours she would finally meet this man she had been fantasizing about, face-to-face. She finished her coffee and packed her daughter's bag for her day with father, and sent her off with a kiss and a hug. She reminded Mark to call in the morning to make sure she was up and for that matter to make sure she was home. She packed herself a small bag of necessities, just in case. They talked about perhaps going dancing after the day of shopping, so she reasoned that it wasn't too forward to pack a bag, she may need something a little less casual to wear and may need to clean up a bit.

It was about a forty-five minute drive to the Starbuck's where they met at 10:30am. She was running a few minutes late, having stopped to check on one of her job sites to make sure everything was running smoothly. The last thing she wanted was for their date to be going too well and have to leave to go handle a work crisis. 

As she approached the coffee shop she could see his truck in the parking lot from the stoplight. She pulled into the lot and parked right next to him. As she grabbed her purse and readied herself to get out of the car he opened up her car door for her. She was pleasantly surprised that chivalry wasn't totally dead. As she stepped from her car she noted that he had his sunglasses on so she couldn't see his eyes yet, but she was very pleased with the rest of him. They walked in and ordered their coffee, with him teasing her about her complicated order. Together they laughed easily, as though they'd known each other forever. When he took his sunglasses off while they waited for their order to be filled she finally had the opportunity to check out his eyes. They were even bluer than they had appeared in the photographs he'd emailed her. Those photos definitely had not done him justice. He looked at her and smiled. At that very moment she knew she was in big trouble. That smile could charm anyone.
