 It was my first date with Rebecca. She had invited me to her house for dinner, something that had taken me by surprise, but I was excited about accepting.

Easy jazz played in the background. She had cooked a simple chicken roast, and her table was small and cozy. We sat down and poured some wine, as my initial jokes got her giggling.

"You know, I was a little surprised you invited me to your house. Not the usual first date option," I pointed out.

She smiled. "It's, uh, more intimate, and cheaper," she laughed.

"Well," I said as I looked at the table. "This is almost too much, I feel undeserving."

She giggled. "Well I wanted to impress, I guess. But I, uh, I have one request, um, that I, uh, wanted to, uh, ask."

"Anything," I replied.

"Can you cum on me? I want to have cum on me while we eat."

I blew it off as a terrible joke. "Ha, yeah, ok, sure."

"No seriously, can you just jerk off and cum on my face quickly?"

"What? No, that's... what, what is this?"

"What is what? Just cum on me, cum on my face and my top, cum anywhere. Please."

I am quiet for a moment as it sinks in that she is serious. Then I nod and stand up.

"Tell me again what you need," I said firmly.

"Cum on me. I want you to cum on me before we eat. I want your cum on my face," she said again. "Please. I need it."

I undid my belt and and pants and slid them down my hips. Her words were getting me hard already, but I hadn't fully reacted to the surprise request. Her eyes were locked on my bulge as I pushed down my boxers and pulled out my dick. "Is that what you want?"

"Yes," she whimpered. "I need your cum."

I watched her reactions as I started to stroke my dick. She never looked away from it as it grew to it's full length. I took in the scene, assessing her gorgeous body and the wanton expression on her face as I started to think out loud.

"Rebecca, I thought you were classier than this, but it looks like you just need to be put in your place by a cock. We've barely met each other but you are already begging to get covered in cum like a slut. Don't you think it's pathetic that you need to be marked as a slut before I even know where you work, or what you like? Other than cum on your face of course. We both know you like that."

I knew I only had a few minutes before I would explode, so I looked up and down her body without any first-date subtlety. Let's be honest, I had been planning to jerk off to her tight body tonight anyway, but I figured it would be after the date was over, not before the appetizers. Her tits strained against a tight gray top, with a generous amount of cleavage showing. Her jeans could have been painted on, showing off that enticing gap between her thighs. Topping it off, her mouth was slightly open as she stared at cock—my cock—watching with a look of lust as she waited to get coated in cum.

"If you're going to act like a pathetic slut, you should get marked as a slut, don't you think? My slut."

"Yes," she said.

"Yes, what?"

She only hesitated a moment before saying what she knew I wanted to hear: "Yes, mark me as your slut. Make me your pathetic cumslut. Just cum on me! Anywhere." Her elbows squeezed and lifted her tits together for a moment, as if offering them up. Then her right hand slid down her side to rest between her legs, which she crossed over her hand and started flexing to put pressure on her pussy.

I don't usually get a lot of precum, but the head of my dick was coated and the room filled with the obscene sound of my masturbation. I slid off one shoe and slipped that foot out of my pants, then stepped forward and put one foot up on her chair next to her, my dick now just inches from her face.

"Where does this slut need to get marked?" I mused. I held my dick by the base and tapped it on her cheek. "Here?" I moved my dick and wiped in across the other cheek then turned your head with it. "Here?" Then I lifted her chin up with my fingers and used my dick to trace a line from her chin, down her taut neck and throat to the soft tops of her tits, leaving behind a slimy trail of precum. "Maybe all over here."

I probably didn't have much longer, so I decided to take what I needed from this cumslut before I gave her what she wanted. "Open your mouth," I demanded, and she complied, looking up at my eyes. "Maybe I should just cum straight down your throat once before I let you wear my cum." Her eyes pleaded with me, but she didn't say anything. I stood up tall and placed the head of my dick at her mouth, tracing my frenulum along her lower lip. She stuck out her tongue and swirled the tip around my raging hard cock. I bounced my dick on her tongue a few times, then pushed into her mouth. She closed her lips around me and closed her eyes too, starting to bob up and down me, and I let out a groan.

"That's good, Rebecca. Work for my cum and I'll let you choose where it goes." Looking down, I saw that she had opened the top of her jeans and her hand was now deep in her panties. "Does that get my little cumslut going? Is your cunt dripping with the thought of getting covered in my cum? And wearing it during dinner so I know just what you are to me? Maybe we should take a walk after dinner with my cum still on your face so we can show the world whose pathetic slut you are."

I reached up and gathered her hair in one hand, holding close to her scalp, then pulled her mouth deeper on my dick and started to pump my hips.

"Fuck yes, your mouth was made for sucking dick baby." I held on to the other side of your head and pulled harder. The head of my dick pushed into her throat and I held it there for a second before pulling back and letting her breathe. Then I pushed in again and held her head tight while I fucked her mouth. When I pulled out again, spit was running down my dick and covering my balls.

"What do you think? Should I come here?" I asked, as I slapped her cheek with my dick, splattering her face with her own spit. "Or maybe I should just finish in your mouth and start over," I said, shoving my dick back in her mouth. "An amuse bouche." She shook her head and then pulled her head back.

"No. Cover me, cover me in cum. Make me yours," she pleaded. "Make me your worthless little cumslut."

I stepped back a bit and started stroking faster. "Not worthless, I think. Your hot little body is good for coating in my cum. Your mouth is good for sucking my dick. Licking up every drop. Swallowing me deep into your throat." I knew I was close as I felt my balls start to pull close to my body. "Your slippery wet cunt is good for fucking and filling with my seed." Her hand was moving fast now, as we were both close.

Finally I lifted my ass and aimed my dick at her face. "And your pretty face is good for taking. This. Fucking. Load." I grunted as the first shot erupted from dick and actually splashed against the side of her nose. She whimpered and tilted her face up at me, offering it up to be defiled. I kept pumping my fist on my cock as stream after stream shot out and criss-crossed her face with thick white ropes of cum. I couldn't remember the last time I came this hard. Eventually the shots slowed until just a thick glob of semen dangled rudely off the end of my dick. I shoved it her mouth and she gently sucked it off of me.

I sighed with contentment and assessed the damage. A couple shots had caught her neck and chest, but most had hit their target: her face was a mess of thick cum and her eye makeup had started to run from when I had fucked her mouth. "Believe it or not, you're safe to open your eyes, but I did get some in your hair." She opened her eyes slowly and smiled up at me. A glob of thick goo started to slide off her chin, then stretched into a string reaching down to her tits. She wiped a finger through the sticky mess and brought it up to her lips for a taste.

"Thank you. I needed that," she said.

"It turns out I did too," I replied. "But I'm not done with my cumslut yet for the night." Then I tucked away my still-hard dick and pulled my pants back up then sat down.

"Now, can you pass the salt?"