 As I pull into the parking lot, music blaring, I try to push aside my nervousness for excitement. Putting my car in park, I pull down the rear view mirror and apply a coat of chapstick. I check my makeup, minimal as it is, and glance down at the clock. I pride myself on being early, but tonight I was right on time. I couldn't stand the thought of sitting in this bar by myself for any longer than I had to, no matter how hot this guy was. I pull out my phone to text my best friend "here" to accompany her previous requests for the time and location of the meeting - 7 pm, american knock off of a british pub. I had also previously sent his photo in case, in her words, she needed to tell the police I had been stolen. His deep brown eyes stopped me for a moment before I slipped my phone into my pocket. Opening the car door, the crisp fall air brushes against my face and I wrap my sweater around me tighter.

We had talked for almost two weeks now - first on the app, but we quickly moved to texting. I already loved how confident he seemed, but I had been disappointed by first dates enough to know nothing was certain until we met. Quickening my step, I pull open the heavy wood door against the wind. I feel my hair, down and curly, swirl up around my head then fall as the door shuts heavily behind me. I reach up to touch my hair and scan the bar, but he's already closing the space between us.

My name escapes his lips, a low rumble over the bar noise- "Jessica?" His hand outstretched to shake mine, and as our skin touches I feel my face flush. In a millisecond, my entire body is alive. His hand is warm, rough, with thick fingers. Those brown eyes locked on to mine and I feel like I can't breathe - 

"Yes, sir!" My awkwardness palpable as his calloused hand releases mine after a shake. 

"It'll be quieter in here," he says and I swear he smirks as he gestures toward a side room. I walk around him to see a smaller area of the bar with private booths. Walking in front of him, I suddenly feel his hand on the small of my back guiding me the right direction. I hold my breath as the warmth from his hand penetrates through my sweater to my skin. Only seconds and we're in the booth, but my heart's pounding. Pull yourself together, girl.

I push my hair behind my ears and take a deep breath, focusing on centering myself. Letting it out and opening my eyes, I see him watching me. I smile easily, biting my lip. My face flushes again. Keeping eye contact, he asks "Have you ever been here?" I haven't and he tells me his best friend is one of the chefs here. "A lot of people think it's just a bar, so I'm trying to convince them to work on their marketing, but - they think if it's not broke, don't fix it." I look around the room and see it is quite full of people.

"So, you know this place intimately... You have recommendations?"

"Oh I wouldn't presume to know what you like, Jessica," the way he said it, somehow flirtatious. I feel like he knew exactly what I would like. I smile nervously, feeling like a freaking fifteen year old on her first date.

"Well Steven, I'm pretty adventurous..." I look over the menu for a beat before continuing, "But my spice tolerance is pretty weak if that's a consideration." I laugh quietly, noticing the entire "five alarm" section which seemed to just be things covered in hot sauce.

He laughs with me, "Not everything on the menu completely represents my friend's culinary skills, it is still a bar." We settle on spinach artichoke dip and two hard ciders. He double checks my order with me - any sauces, sides, special requests - and when the waitress comes to take our order, he orders for both of us. Which is good, because she is paying special attention to my date. I'm not usually a jealous person, but it does make me feel good when he is polite but not flirty back.

Our conversation flows easily, the basics already covered in our previous chats. We laugh often and I feel comfortable with him in a way I never have before. Two ciders in and flushed, I pull my sweater off exposing a freckled shoulder for a moment before I pull my shirt back up. I catch him watching me and I see a fire behind his eyes. I bite my lip again, smiling stupidly at him.

"I like you," he says quietly, just for me to hear. 

"Oh, we're barely three hours in," I laugh embarrassed, not used to such forwardness. He looks intently back at me.

"We're two weeks in already," he says, smiling but serious. My breath catches. I look him over - dark hair, those deep brown eyes, lips slightly parted, dark grey v-neck over his broad shoulders, clinging to his biceps, pushed up to his elbows, strong hands resting on the table.

"I like you too," the words breathy, barely audible.

"I'm glad," he smiles at me. He breaks our gaze and motions to the waitress for our check. "I do believe you told me you have work in the morning though."

I crinkle my forehead for a second, confused. "I do..." I agree, not sure where this is headed.

"As much as I hate to, I have to send you to bed or you'll hate me in the morning." He laughs, reaches back for his wallet. He hands her the card as soon as she reaches the table. I hated to admit it, but he was right. If I wanted to get enough sleep I needed to head home. The waitress is quick to return with the receipt as we comment on the rapidly changing weather outside. Summer had stuck around, but fall was definitely here to stay now.

I get up from the booth and put my sweater back on. I turn to see him taking me in - brown knee high boots, dark skinny jeans, dark red blouse, and long tan sweater - smiling once again as his eyes meet mine. He reaches out his hand and eyes locked, I take it. He leads me through the bar, holding my hand firmly in his until we reach the door. He lets go to open it for me and I go into the cold first. He walks with me to my car and the small talk ceases.

I stall by the car door, fumbling in my purse for my keys. I want him to kiss me. I want to give him any excuse. Keys in my hand, he leans in and we hug tight. We let go and he stays close to me. I can feel the heat from his body on mine.

"I want to kiss you," he says. I breathe the air he expelled. "But anticipation is such a thrill." I can feel myself gravitating toward him, my body betraying me. His hand comes up to caress my cheek and I lean my face into his touch. His thumb grazes my bottom lip as he removes it. I feel my entire body tingle. He steps back and reaches for the door handle.

Remembering to breathe, I unlock the car. He opens the door for me and I slide into my car, turning the keys in the ignition. We wave through the windshield and he walks to his car. I feel completely dazed, I think "just start driving home now". I do just that and just after walking in the door, I get a text message.

STEVEN: Make it home safe?

JESSICA: Just got in. Thanks again for dinner.

STEVEN: Completely my pleasure. Sweet dreams.

I get ready for bed and lay there for ten minutes, but know it's to no avail. Reach over to my night stand, grab my toy, and imagine fucking Steven in that booth. I wonder if he's loud during sex, I imagine him talking dirty to me. I cum quickly and fall asleep fast.