 I highly recommend that you read Chapters 1 and 2 before this Chapter, just to get a background about Seth and Gwen on their first date. This takes place the morning after.

As I have said earlier, this is based on something that happened to me, and "Seth" has enjoyed all my stories to date.

Thank you so much to all the readers who have given me feedback to improve my writing. It's been really helpful and positive! I hope to get better the more I write.

_____________________

Gwen woke up with a pretty bad headache from the alcohol consumed the night before. She was somewhat struggling with her memory about what had happened with Seth when she felt an arm around her waist pulling her closer. All the memories of the night before came back. How she had gone down on Seth in the bar's washroom, and the very wild sex they had had back at his place. And she was still here. 

"Morning sexy," Seth whispered in her ear. "Feeling okay this morning? You were pretty wild last night." Seth chuckled softly.

"I have a bit of a headache, do you mind if I get up and grab some water?" Gwen groaned, still not wanting to open her eyes much.

Seth gently nudged her, and told her to look on the nightstand beside the bed. There was fresh orange juice, a glass of water, and two aspirin on a small tray. Gwen had no idea he would be this thoughtful. She had a few sips of the orange juice, and then gulped the water down with the aspirin. She snuggled up to Seth. 

"That's so sweet of you, but before I get any closer to you, do you mind if I shower?" Gwen asked.

"Sure, I'll get it ready for you, okay? You just relax in bed until I grab some towels and get the water just right." Seth jumped out of bed, still naked, his body looking perfectly sculpted. Gwen couldn't remember him looking this defined the night before, and was pleasantly surprised. She heard him turn the shower on, and rummage around in the bathroom while she drank some more juice and surveyed his apartment. It was nice, well kept and organized.

"Okay you!" Seth shouted from the bathroom. "I got everything ready for you, come on."

Gwen, being slightly shy from her behaviour the night before, wrapped a sheet around her curvy naked body and hurried over to the bathroom. She stopped dead in her tracks as she looked up at Seth, grinning at her, and back down to his hard on. She felt her pussy tinge in excitement, starting to get a little wet. How had she managed to get that cock all the way in her mouth! It was so big!

"Tsk, tsk. There is no need to wrap yourself in that sheet Gwen." Seth laughed. "You look much better with it off." He tugged at the sheet so it fell from her body, exposing her pale breasts, firm stomach and shaved pussy. She stood awkwardly in front of Seth, looking at the ground, smiling.

Seth touched her chin, and pointed her face up, so she looked at him directly in the eyes. "No need to be shy, I saw every part of you last night." He helped her into the shower, showing her the shampoo and soap. He also had set aside a toothbrush for her. 

"Now hurry up and shower up. Dry yourself off, but don't bother wrapping yourself in the towel when you come out." Seth told her, spanking her ass gently. With that, he left the room.

Gwen started off by shampooing her hair, relaxing more; thinking about how hot Seth had looked this morning. After rinsing her hair, she lathered up the soap and started washing her toned body. Gwen had always thought that she was too curvy, but because she cycled every day and ate right, she had a fantastic figure, and many guys lusted after her, with her not even knowing it.

She pinched her nipples slightly as she rubbed soap all over her breasts. She then moved her hand lower, and started to rub her clit gently, thinking about how hot it would be when she got out of the shower and went back to Seth's bed. She closed her eyes and rubbed her clit faster, while beginning to finger herself. She let out a throaty moan. It felt so good. She didn't hear the shower curtain move, or hear Seth step into the shower with her; she was so immersed in making herself cum.

Seth slid his hand from her breasts to her taut stomach, making Gwen jump. 

"Oh! I didn't even know you came in the shower with me!" She said, slightly startled.

Seth didn't say anything; he just kissed her neck, her shoulders, and her back, while replacing her fingers with her own. He worked his fingers into her pussy, first one finger, then two, then three, moving them in and out, while massaging her clit with his thumb. Gwen bucked back and forth onto his fingers moaning. 

"Oh Seth, Seth," she panted heavily. "I'm going to cum soon, I'm going to cum!"

Seth worked his fingers harder, and faster, moving his thumb around her clit furiously, while breathing what a dirty girl she was into her ears.

Gwen couldn't take it anymore, and Seth brought her to a climax, Gwen moaning uncontrollably, her pussy juices mixing with the shower water. She was still moaning as she was brought back to her senses by Seth kissing her. Gwen felt his hard on her stomach as she turned around, and started to stroke it gently. She was about to get on her knees to suck his cock again, when Seth stopped her. He brought her lips to his, and passionately kissed her. Gwen greedily kissed him back, until Seth pulled back.

"Gwen, I thought you might be refreshed enough to try something new this morning..." He started. Gwen had no clue what he would have in mind, but was up for pretty much anything.

Seth grabbed the soap, and started lathering her up, and turned her around so her back was facing him. His hands gently moved along her back, tracing the outlines of some of her tattoos until he reached her ass. Seth started to soap up her bottom gently, spreading her ass cheeks, and gently inserting one finger. Gwen let out a little squeal, she had never done this before, but she liked the feeling of it. Seth gently worked in another finger and let Gwen push back on his fingers. 

"How does it feel," he asked her, moving quicker now. 

"Oh god Seth, I've never done this before, it feels so good, just be gentle on me."

"No worries baby, I'll go gentle on you... at first." Seth worked another finger into her tight, firm ass. He reached around Gwen and rubbed her clit a little. 

"Rub that clit for me Gwen, just keep rubbing on it until you cum again." Gwen started to rub her clit slowly, it was still a little sensitive from earlier.

Seth slowly removed his fingers, and positioned his thick, hard cock at her tiny pink asshole. He slowly pressed against her ass until his large cockhead was inside her.

Gwen's breathing stopped for a few seconds, she was trying to get used to this feeling of something inside her ass. Seth let her get used to the feeling and waited until she pushed back on his cock slowly. 

"Keep on rubbing that clit for me Gwen, don't stop now," Seth commanded in a husky voice, overcome by desire. 

He slowly worked his cock into her asshole; he couldn't believe how tight it was. He had never felt anything like it. His breathing became slightly jilted as he worked his cock in more and more, until his cock was fully stuffed into her ass. Breathing heavily into Gwen's ear, he started moving in and out her ass, moving to the sound of her moans and squeals. The water was still coming down on both of the in the shower, and as he moved faster against her ass, he could hear and feel his heavy balls slapping against her.

Gwen had felt a lot of pain at first, but she was heavily lubed up with the soap and water and was soon panting and moaning, closing her eyes against the water, and furiously rubbing her swollen clit. Seth kept on ramming it into her ass, as she began to cum.

"Fuck Seth, fuck me with that big cock of yours! This feels so good! I want to feel your hot load of cum explode in my ass! Oh, fuck, do me harder while I cum, I'm cumming Seth, I'm cumming!" Gwen almost screamed the last words as she just had the most fantastic orgasm ever. Her knees trembled slightly from the power of her orgasm, and she felt herself wobble a bit.

Seth couldn't keep it up much longer...He felt his balls churn, and knew he was going to cum any second.

"Are you ready for my cum Gwen? I'm going... to ...cum ...inside ...your ass!! I'm ...going to... blow ...my hot ...creamy load all inside ...you!" Seth thrust into her with each of his words, and on the last word he shouted, he felt spurts of hot cum release into her ass. 

Gwen moaned loudly as she felt Seth release his load inside her ass. She pressed her ass against his cock. It felt so good, so warm. Seth stayed in her ass until he softened up. He pulled out, and rinsed his cock off in the warm shower. 

"You'll probably have to clean yourself up again baby," Seth grinned at Gwen as he watched some of the load dribble out of her ass. "I'll go start making breakfast."

Gwen sighed in contentment as she turned and gave Seth a quick kiss while he jumped out of the shower to dry himself off. She couldn't believe that all within the past 24 hours, she had had the best sex of her life. And surprisingly, her hangover appeared to be gone.