 Thank you all for the wonderful feedback for Chapter One of this story. It has really motivated me to work on the second and possibly third chapter of the story. 

As I mentioned in the first part, this story is actually based on events that happened to me. And I would just like to state, that I always practice safe sex.

_________________

Hopefully you have all read about the beginning of my date with Seth in Chapter One. It basically ended with me giving him the best blowjob he had ever gotten, not to brag or anything.

To refresh the readers' memories, I am not normally such a dirty girl ( though i have been in D/s relationships). I love sex, but I'm not into any sort of hooking up until after like, 10 dates, so this was a big deal for me to do, and I was loving every minute of it.

When we got into the cab to his place, Seth and I could barely contain ourselves, lusting after each other. Every touch, and every movement he made, had me dripping, soaking wet. We explored each other's bodies; he started to unbutton my top, and grabbed my large breasts. My mind kept wandering between feelings of extreme pleasure and whether or not the cab driver was enjoying the show. Seth started sucking on my ear, in that certain way, that makes me go dizzy with pleasure. He pinched my erect nipples and I let out a squeal of pleasure. He moaned in response. I began to work my way towards his crotch, to unbutton his pants, but the taxicab stopped abruptly. We were finally at his place. Seth shoved some money into the driver's hand, probably over tipping him.

He fumbled with his key at the door, and I giggled. It seemed like we were so new to this, almost like it was prom night, when the couple cannot wait to get to the hotel room afterwards. We got inside and he pushed me up against the wall, ravaging me with his hands, and kissing me on my lips, my cheeks, my neck, and my ears. It seemed that he couldn't get enough of tasting me. 

"Start sucking my cock again Gwen, it felt so good," he moaned into my ear. I couldn't wait. There's nothing I like to do more, than sucking cock. And Seth's cock, well it was fantastic. I got onto my knees and undid his pants, pulling them down with his boxers. His cock sprang free, and I could really feel the dampness in my underwear. I licked the large head of his cock all over, tasting the salty pre cum on my tongue. I engulfed his huge cock, bobbing up and down on it, hearing him moan and get more worked up.

"You dirty slut, suck that cock, let me fuck your face," Seth gasped. He grabbed the back of my head, and fucked my face, forcing me to take all of his cock in my mouth, and down my throat. He fucked it faster and faster, and when I thought he was about to cum, he stopped. 

"Was I doing something wrong Seth?" I asked, slightly confused, hoping to have had tasted his cum again. 

"No, no, it was fantastic, you give great head, but I don't want it to be all about me tonight," he replied, patting me on the head, making me giggle. He helped me to my feet, and led me into the bedroom. 

"Take off your clothes for me, and get on the bed on all fours," he said, while slowly stroking his cock. Still slightly intoxicated, and in a slight daze from being so turned on, I clumsily started to remove my clothes. I guess I was being too slow for him, because he came over, and started to help me, roughly taking my clothes off. I've always had a thing for men who take control and know how to be a little rough with a girl. As he took my bra off, my tits bounced out, the nipples standing very erect. Before giving me a gentle push onto the bed, he tasted each nipple in his mouth, biting down gently.

"Oh Seth," I moaned. "What do you want me to do for you?" I was ready to do anything he asked of me.

"I told you Gwen, just get on all fours, and I'll take care of you," Seth replied, gently swatting at my ass. I hurriedly got on all fours on the bed, and raised my ass a little for him. Before I knew it, he had entered me. I had not had sex for several months, and the pleasure I felt when his thick cock entered me was unbelievable. I cried out for Seth. He started out slow, moving in and out of my pussy, and I wanted more. I was very well lubricated from my wetness, so though I was tight, I was wet, and felt little pain when he started to thrust his cock into me harder. I moaned louder, and moved back and forth to his movements. It made Seth work harder, every time he felt me push back against him with a little moan.

"Oh Seth," I panted. "Fuck me harder with that big cock of yours, I want you to cum." Seth said something, but it was mixed with a moan of excitement, and I couldn't really understand.

I started to rub my clit when I felt an orgasm rise. My face was pushed into a pillow farther up the bed as Seth continued to pound me. I rubbed my clit faster and faster with his movements, and I felt myself on the verge of cumming.

"Seth, Seth, I'm going to fucking cum, don't stop, I'm cumming!" I shouted. "Oh, oh oh," I moaned, as I felt an orgasm take me, my toes curling up slightly. I continued moan and I started to whimper a little, after the orgasm has subsided slightly. I had not cum like that for the longest time. All of a sudden I heard Seth yell out.

"Fuck, I'm going to cum, your tight little pussy is making me cum!" Seth thrust into me a couple more times, and stayed there for a few minutes, letting his cock pump out all his milky cum. He then pulled out, and moved his body closer up to mine, and I could feel the sweat dripping off his body, as we both caught our breath.

"Seth, that was incredible." I sighed happily and snuggled into him. He moaned in agreement, and stroked my hair and kissed my forehead. My eyes started to get heavy, from the alcohol and the amazing sex we had just had, and before I knew it, I was falling asleep, thinking about what Seth and I would do when we woke up the next morning.