 CHAPTER 2

After he and Katie had cleaned up and redressed, Tim suddenly felt the weight of what had just transpired hit him. 

"So...uh," He laughed, somewhat nervously.

"Yeaaah!" Katie smiled at him. "That was really great. I had a good time."

"Me too, me too." He realized he was nodding much too energetically and stopped himself, cringing inside. Being in the moment with Katie, he'd felt sure and confident. Quite the opposite of how he felt now. 

"I guess I'd better let you get back to work." Katie said, still smiling, one hand on the door knob. Tim, in a moment of remembering how hot their encounter had been, crossed the short distance between them, pressing his body close to hers.

"Don't be a stranger." He murmured, his lips inches from hers. A light contact and he pulled back, reaching around her to open the door. As she moved across the threshold of his office, Tim gave her a playful slap. She gave him a look of surprise which was quickly replaced with that smirk of hers and she then sauntered away down the hallway.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Over the rest of the week, Tim only had one thing on his mind. Fucking. Katie. Greene. He couldn't stop thinking about it and was so turned on by the idea that he had taken to jerking off multiple times a day. Not a morning went by that he didn't wake up to sticky sheets, having blown yet another load in his sleep. Biding his time until Katie's next visit was excruciating. He had no idea when she might show up...if she ever even did. He hoped he was remembering correctly how into it she had been, that it wasn't just some delusional dude fantasy of being just as good as the porn stars. 

Tim made his way through the athletic building to the short pathway that would lead to the cafeteria. Another perk of working here was a free meal plan and the food service at this private institution was top notch. Given that he didn't like cooking anyway, Tim was more than happy to put any money he would have otherwise spent on food towards things like clothes, a nice car, all the newest gadgets, weekend outings with his buddies where everything was on him. Pushing open the glass and steel doors the smells of lunch hit him, his stomach rumbling. In less than two minutes his eyes fell upon Katie; she was in line, waiting to order and was of course, last in line, which put Tim right behind her. He felt that awkwardness rising up and pushed it down.

"Hey Katie." He said in a friendly, casual tone. She turned around, her eyes widening when she saw who it was, but a smile spreading across her face all the same.

"Hey Coach. How ya been?"

"Not bad, no complaints. Little lonely in my office." He paused. "It's just so far away from everything, yanno?"

"No visitors?" She almost laughed.

"Every now and then someone...interesting comes by. Just last week I had one particularly interesting visitor."

"You don't say." Katie humored him and he nodded back at her. "Lucky you."

"Luckier me if that visitor happened to...visit again." 

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Tim wolfed down the sandwich he'd ordered, gulping down a bottle of water in between bites. Katie had said she would come by after class and he had about an hour to kill until then. He tried not to psyche himself out with memories of her last visit and doubts about whether or not she'd actually show. In an effort to distract himself he attempted some actual work which he was able to zone out to. By the time he looked up to see Katie standing in his doorway, he realized she hadn't been on his mind.

"Hi." She gave a little wave. 

"Come in, please." He gestured her into the room, she closed the door on her way in. "Holy shit, this is gonna happen!" He thought to himself. Katie took a seat on the edge of his desk instead of the chair in front of it like last time. They both stared at each other for a few moments, a palpable tension building just from the eye contact. Tim placed a hand on her knee, gently squeezing. "Would you like to sit somewhere a little more comfortable?" He took one of her hands, guiding her down onto him, their lips instantly falling into place with each other. One hand behind her head, the other firmly against her hip. Her hands flew to his chest, pulling him into her as they made out. It seemed like they were both a little fired up to begin with because it wasn't long before they were tugging on each other's clothes, stripping down to just their underwear. 

By now, Katie was on top of Tim again, grinding herself against his dick. The second Tim started to feel his orgasm building he slowed her hips, placing his hands strategically and picking her up. He laid her down on the desk, stepping back for a moment to admire her body. 

"Fuck, Katie. You look so good." His breathing was quick as he reached out and pulled her panties off slowly. She put her legs up on the desk, closing them, and gestured to his tented briefs. He grinned, grabbing ahold of his hard dick with his right hand while the left rested upon Katie's upright knees. He watched Katie watching him. Her eyes followed his hand up and down the length of his erect dick, a dark wet spot of pre-cum showing.

"That feel good?" She asked. "Stroking your cock?" He nodded.

"You like watching that, don't you? You wanna see me really jerk it?" Katie nodded, her eyes glued to his crotch, a hand making its way between her still closed legs. "Yeah, I bet you do." A few more times he stroked himself before hooking his thumbs in his waistband, pulling down slowly. He slipped it down below his ass, his cock still covered. Katie's hand was becoming more active as she started rubbing the wetness from her pussy onto her clit. She let out a small moan which make Tim's dick jump. The elastic dragged his dick down and then released it for a satisfying bounce before coming to stand at attention. He pushed his ass slightly to make his dick stand out more prominently. "You like that dick, Katie?" She moaned in response. "You see how hard I am?" Again. His hand wrapped around the thick girth and began jerking. He stepped up to her legs. "Spread those legs for me, Katie. C'mon." He parted her legs and they splayed on either side of the desk, giving him a full view of her masturbating, two fingers deep in her pussy. "You want this?" He waggled his cock at her and she nodded, fervently. 

"Yes. God, I want it." She pulled him closer, her feet against his ass, his cock nearly touching her. "I wanna feel that cock against me." She closed the distance between their bodies and Tim felt his cock slide against her. The heat and wetness of her pussy rubbed up and down his hard shaft. He could barely move he was in such disbelief but instinct took over and he began humping his dick at her, his legs bumping against his desk with each thrust. He planted his hands on either side of her sexy little body. "Uhh...yes, Coach, put that dick on my pussy."

"Oh fuck, Katie. Oh, God." Tim was beginning to pant, the feel of his dick sliding along her slick hole was amazing. "That feel good? Huh?" His teeth were clenched with the effort of not blasting his cum all over her right then and there. Katie moaned, her eyes clamped shut. She was thrusting herself at him, grinding her clit on every inch of his cock. 

"Uh! Coach! Oh my god! Oh my god!" Katie's entire body was tensed as she neared an orgasm. Tim could sense it coming on and vowed not to blow it...literally and figuratively. 

"Yeah, c'mon, Katie. You wanna cum? You wanna cum on my dick? My big, hard dick?" He could tell this was sending her over the edge. "Yeah, hump that cock baby. Cum for Coach!" Katie let out a long moan as her body seemed to almost freeze at the edge of her orgasm before it crashed over her. Her body convulsed against Tim and the desk, she was cumming harder than she ever had before and it was mind-blowingly good. She never wanted it to end, but of course it did. She lay back, her body slack as she came down from the highest high she'd ever experienced. "Wow! Fuck! That was fucking hot!"

"Holy shit. I can't believe that just happened." She looked down to where Tim's cock sat, stiff as ever and covered in her juices. She reached out a hand and gave it a gentle once over. "Well, I came on your cock. It's only fair that you cum on my pussy." Katie began moving her body again, in the same way she had before.

"Are you serious? I can cum on your pussy?"

"I don't know, can you? Let's see it!" Tim did not need to be told twice and he swiftly began humping at Katie's pussy as hard as he could. The desk was rattling beneath their bodies as Tim gained speed. 

"Is that what you want? You want me to cum on your pussy?" 

"Yeah! Yeah!" Katie was moaning, clearly still turned on despite the world class orgasm she'd just had. "Shoot your hot cum on me. C'mon. I wanna feel it. Give me a big load, baby." Tim was boggled as to how he hadn't shot yet but was grateful for the unexpected extra time he had to fuck his cock up against a student.

"I'm close, Katie. I'm so close!"

"Make your big dick cum on me! Bust that nut on me!" Tim could hold out no longer, he knew it and succumbed to the feeling. He pulled back far enough to get eyes on the glorious sight of his swollen shaft, lodged between Katie's swollen lips. The head of his cock was red, ready to seed her. He slowed his pace, placing his hands on Katie's knees, holding her legs apart. He made short, little thrusts and saw more pre-cum ooze out. With one large thrust, his balls wedged between their bodies, he strained his cock into the air as the first blast of cum came flying out. He watched as it landed across one of Katie's breasts. That sight brought along a second rope of hot, white cum that splattered close to the first. Tim pulled back until the head of his cock was about to slip inside her and thrust forward again, hard. He heard his balls slap against her as they pumped out a third and fourth squirt of his spunk. These landed lower down, against her abdomen. "Yeah, Coach. Gimme that cum!"

"Uggggh! Take it! Take my load!" He practically snarled through the pleasure. His whole body seemed to quiver as his cock throbbed out the last few dribbles that landed on Katie's pubic mound. "Fuuuuuuck!" His body slumped for a moment before he pushed Katie back, climbing onto the desk with her. "Come here." He said as he just about mounted her, rubbing the head of his dick into the sticky mess on her stomach. "Look at all that cum!"

"Mmmm." Katie smiled as Tim continued, his dick beginning to soften.

"I like seeing my load all over you. God, I could almost cum again, it's so hot."

"Let's see what we can do about that, then!" Katie sat up slightly and intimated she wanted Tim to sit in his chair again. 

"Katie, I don't know. I mean...most guys are done when they're...done! Yanno?" 

Katie just smiled and leaned over, planting a smoldering kiss on him before breaking it to whisper in his ear, "Even when a girl wants them to fuck her pussy and dump their cum inside her?" Tim could not believe his ears, did she really just say that his biggest fantasy was about to come true...if only he could get hard again?!