 He had always suggested another meeting but she had of course reminded him of their agreement. But he was nothing if not persistent. He could not get the image of her naked before him nor did he suspect that she could quite put him out of her mind.

He finally had some down time coming up before his next trip and called her to see how she was. It was Friday. He was happy to hear her voice and even happier to learn her busy schedule was finally slowing down and all her home remodeling was done. Which meant that she would again be 'home alone'! She was as exciting to talk to as ever and her of course was again suggesting they be together even if it was infrequently. To his pleasant surprise she agreed that they should talk on Monday and he should come by to see all the work that had been done. He was already hard just talking with her and thinking about what was to come.

She was so happy to hear from him and she always felt so good talking with him. And he was sooo persistent. He melted her on the phone reminding her of their first time together. She felt herself becoming aroused again even though she had fought it. She wanted him, as much as he wanted her, she knew it and so did he. She found herself agreeing to talk with him again on Monday morning and knew where that would lead. But she didn't care she wanted him. She wanted to see him, to feel him. She wanted to feel his kiss on her mouth. She wanted to feel his hands running all over her, pulling on her nipples, squeezing her ass, and most of all playing with her pussy. 

She found herself daydreaming off and on all weekend about him and about their last time together when she had met him at her door in nothing but high heels and her mink coat. She could still see the look of desire on his face and if she closed her eyes she could almost feel his tongue between her legs! This was going to be a long few days. It was quiet in the house, as everyone had gone to bed over an hour ago. 

She tried to keep busy but at the end of the day after everyone was asleep Friday night she found herself alone in her bathroom taking off her clothes and looking at herself in the mirror. She turned on the shower thinking she would take a quick shower before bed. She had been dieting and working out for the last few months in preparation for an upcoming cruise and it showed. But like all women she always saw room for more. As she looked she found her hands wandering over her breasts as her nipples hardened and a familiar wetness started to flow between her legs. Damn him, she thought. She had been fine all this time or so she thought and her she was alone thinking of him and getting excited again. She knew it was too late now. She gave in, and let her hands fall to touch herself between her legs. She closed her eyes for a moment and there he was in her mind's eye standing behind her naked, his rigid cock pressing against her ass and his hands playing with her pussy. 

She opened her eyes and looked at the clock. She had been standing there in playing with herself for a few minutes and it had seemed like only seconds and she was already soaking wet and she knew on her way to a solo climax that would be big since it had been so long. It didn't matter, she knew what she wanted, him. She looked at her image in the mirror. There was a look of hunger, of desire in her eyes and all the while her fingers were working her pussy. Her clit was hard and extended out as her fingers stroked across it. Her wetness was even greater now as she again thought of him and the last time they were together. She loved how she excited him. She remembered how he slid the fur from her leaving her naked except for her heels. He turned her around and bent her over the table in the room as he did nudging her legs slightly further apart. Then she felt his cock that day pressing against her wet pussy lips and then sliding into her. He buried it in her and pumped her with it few times she remembered, which caused her to inhale deeply now as she thought of it and could feel her climax building. 

Damn him, she was standing alone naked, her hands busy at her pussy about to cum and all this from just talking to him and now thinking about him. 

She didn't hold back she worked her pussy now faster and faster holding her pussy open with one hand while working her clit quickly with the other. She looked up in the mirror as she began her orgasm. Her mouth was open; her tits were flush, nipples hard as her eyes glazed over with pleasure as she shuddered with the release that was the beginning of her very, very, intense orgasm. She heard herself moan as she came and was thankful she had turned on the shower before she started, as she had not imagined this would be what she would be doing. She felt her self bending at the waist and pushing down and back as she imagined him behind her now his cock pumping in and out of her pussy while his hands rubbed her clit making her cum. 

It was so intense, so real she couldn't believe it was just a fantasy. She came down from her climax and saw herself shaking her head in disbelief in the mirror and then smiled at what she had just experienced. She knew she had to have him again.

He hung up from talking with her and his cock was hard as usual after they talked. He tried to ignore the situation but could not. He sought relieve by removing his clothes and lying down on the bed. He took his rock hard cock in one hand and his balls in the other. He began stroking himself slowly at first and then as he thought of her he picked up speed. He thought of their first time together in the car where he had made her cum by playing with her pussy while he kissed her. She came quickly and after she did she had quickly bent over and took out his cock forcing his pants down and out of the way. He closed his eyes and saw her in his mind with her face buried between his legs. He remembered her hot, wet mouth engulfing his cock. How excited she was to have him in her mouth. He felt how she had sucked him all the way in while working his balls with her hands. She had stopped then for a moment to come up and look in his eyes, smile, and kiss him and ask him if he wanted to cum in her mouth. He didn't have an answer then or now. 

He remembered groaning then, as she slipped her mouth back around his quivering cock. He remembered how great it felt and how wet she was when he slipped his hand down her back and over her ass and into her pussy. She was pushing her pants farther down for him allowing him complete access to her. He remembered how disappointed he was when she stopped sucking his cock suddenly and sat up. He opened his eyes from his reverie and saw that his cock was now twice as hard and much longer than it had ever been. He went back to his memory as he increased the pressure on his cock stroke, knowing he was very close. He saw her in his mind's eye as she sat back in the car and pushed her pants down and off. He saw the look of need and desire in her eyes. And he felt himself smile broadly as he remembered her climbing across the front seat and straddling his cock and then pushing herself down and onto his waiting hard cock. 

That was all it took. He came back to the present day as his cock unloaded spurt after spurt of hot cum onto his chest and abdomen. He was groaning as he lessened his stroke and when he finally looked down he was amazed at the volume of cum he had produced from just thinking about her. It really was going to be a long weekend.

He found himself thinking about her all weekend. He hoped she wouldn't change her mind. He wondered what she would surprise him with next when he saw her on Monday. 

Each time they had been together she had found something new to wear. Though she hardly wore any clothes, except for during their car ride and even then she was practically naked. The first time it was a long warm blue robe, then a short colorful kimono, then a sheer red see through full-length cover up, and then of course a mink coat and heels. She was going to take him on a tour of her newly remodeled basement family room. Maybe she would have something in store for him there. Maybe when he came by she would be waiting for him down there leaving the door open for him allowing him to come in and lock the door behind him. Maybe she would be naked down there waiting for him? The suspense would be unbearable.

Monday finally came. It had taken too long in his mind and hers. He called early, about nine, she answered. She was excited to hear his voice. His low and soft tone had always made her hot. She told him she needed to shower and get 'ready' and that she would call him back afterwards.

More waiting, he didn't mind though. Being with her was always worth the wait. He was finishing his coffee when the phone rang, it was her, finally. 

After he said hello, she said, " I'm all clean!" happily and as sexy as ever.

He said, "Can I come over and see?"

She answered, " Yes! Please. I'll leave the door open. Please lock it behind you. Oh, and bring that digital camera you were telling me about" and then she hung up without waiting for his reply.

He answered, " I'm on my way" but she was already gone. 'His camera?' he thought, wow. He quickly found it and felt his cock was already beginning to harden thinking about what was ahead. He smiled as he went out the door, his mind reeling with anticipation and with memories.

She hung up and noticed her heart was already beating fast just from the anticipation. She couldn't believe she was doing this. What had she been thinking? 'Bring his digital camera!' Ohhhh! They had talked about this briefly and she had admitted to being turned on by the thought of posing for very intimate photo's for him. But she had decided against it previously. Now here she was getting ready to pose for him and was extremely excited about it. She imagined the look on his face at this moment as he was leaving wondering what was to come. She quivered inside at the thought.

She checked herself one more time in the mirror and then she quickly gathered up what she would need and went down from her bedroom to the main floor and locked all the doors except the front door, which she left unlocked and slightly ajar for him. Then she gathered up all of her things again and headed down the stairs to her newly remodeled and empty basement. She had turned up the heat earlier so she would be sure to be warm and comfortable down here with out clothes. 

Since it was a basement there were no windows and since it was new there was no furniture just freshly painted walls and newly installed carpet. Once she got down there she set down her things and started to turn lights on and off until she had just the look she wanted. Then she began to make her preparations. She had brought down with her pillows, a large soft blanket, and her robe. She laid out the blanket so it was positioned directly under one of the lights and then unscrewed the rest so the only light acted as a spot light on the blanket. 

When they had spoken last she was getting dressed to go out and he had asked what she was wearing and she described it for him as she put the clothes on. The last things she mentioned were her earrings, necklace, and a large decorative belt. He had jokingly told her he of course would like her in just those, her earrings, necklace, and a large decorative belt. She had laughed and told him she was sure he would and then she had to go. He thought no more of it. She on the other hand had remembered this thought this morning and thought that was just what she would do.

She took opened her robe and fastened the belt around her waist then tied her robe closed again. She was ready. Oh was she ever ready. Her nipples were hard, her heart was racing, and she could feel wetness building between her pussy lips. She was so ready. She waited now to hear him coming in upstairs. She didn't wait very long. She soon heard the door open and close and heard him calling out to her as she heard his footsteps upstairs in the hall. She called out, "Down here baby. Don't forget to lock the door." 

Her heart was pounding now as she stood at the bottom of the stairs and peered around the corner looking up in anticipation. Wow, he made her so hot. There was so much electricity in the air whenever they were together. And she couldn't believe how naughty she felt and how much she liked the feeling.

As he walked quickly to her house he couldn't believe he was going to her and she had asked him to bring his digital camera. They had talked about how she loved to watch herself in the mirror as she came and how much she loved to look down between them as he fucked her watching his cock slide in and out of her. They had even discussed how she had posed a long time ago for pictures for a boyfriend. And he had said what a lucky guy he was and how he had wished he could have pictures of her for his own 'private pleasures'. He had never dreamed that he would actually be able to make this wish, this fantasy come true. As he walked up to the door he reached in his pocket and made sure the camera was turned on, it was ready and so was he. 

He got to the door and just as promised, it was slightly open for him. He went in quickly and closed the door behind him and locked it. As he did he called out to her, "Hello, where are you?"

He heard her voice answering him back from downstairs. He looked to the door to the basement and saw that it was open and he heard her say, "Down here baby. Don't forget to lock the door."

He answered her as he walked towards her voice, " Don't worry I just did. Where are you?" She had always met him at the door in the past. This time she was nowhere in sight. 

He entered the stairway to the basement and saw her beautiful face peeking around the corner at the bottom of the stairs. She called up to him as she smiled up at him, "Right here!" and then she disappeared. 

He quickly descended the stairs and rounded the corner at the bottom. As he did he noticed it was a little dark and his eyes were having a little trouble adjusting to the lower level of light. As he rounded the corner he just about to call out to her when he looked up and saw her. 

His mouth was open but no words came out. She was standing there in the middle of the empty room on a blanket, surrounded by candles, with one light on overhead, which acted as a spotlight washing over her and showing off her beauty. She had on the blue warm robe she had on that first day. As he approached she undid the robe and opened wide and stood there posing for him. She had nothing on except earrings, necklace and a decorative belt, and they coy sexy smile that drove him wild.

She called out, " I'm ready for you to take my picture now. I hope you brought your camera as I asked." As she stood there, not moving holding the pose. He snapped the picture.

After he took the first picture he approached her but she held her hand out motioning for him to stop where he was. She then shook the robe off completely and threw it aside.

She stood with one arm across her chest covering her beautiful tits and the other in front of her small bush looking up at him shyly in mock shame. He shrugged off his coat and came a little closer. He was about ten feet away just outside the circle of light and slightly to her right side when he brought up the camera and framed her beauty in the viewfinder with the zoom lens, letting the camera worry about focus and light and snapped the picture. She jumped after the flash. He looked at the back of the digital camera and saw the preview and smiled, as he knew it would be perfect. 

He looked at her and said, " You're so beautiful. You're incredible. I can't believe it!"

She smiled back at him as she answered him, " I hoped you would like this. How about this for your next shot?" as she turned just her head slightly to look at him with her mouth slightly open and brought her hands up to cradle her breasts offering them up to him.

He framed this incredible image of her from the waist up and snapped another one. She smiled as she lowered her hands and removing the belt then put her hands flat against her abdomen forming a 'v' with them framing her neat little bush. Then she pulled up with a little pressure exposing her lips and just a hint of her clit. 

He kneeled and quickly took another photo. His mind was reeling. As soon as that flash subsided she moved to another provocative position all the while smiling at him. Now she stood slightly sideways to him and folded her arms so they would hold up her beautiful tits and then stood with her legs slightly apart one in front of the other. He stood and again he snapped a picture. Now she turned almost all the way around and put her hands on the nearby wall and bent over separating her legs, letting her tits hang down. Flash, another picture. 

He was rock hard and was sure the head of his cock was going to burst through his pants. She now bent over further spread her legs wide and looked back through her open legs between her hanging tits as she reached back with her hands to spread her pussy for him. As she did he came a little closer. He took one picture of all of this and then zoomed in on just her fingers spreading her pussy. As he took this one she had slide two fingers inside and he saw how very wet she had become.

She now stood up turned around knelt down arched her back, threw her head back and smiled up at him her legs spread and her hands again spreading her pussy. Another picture. She then crawled over to the edge of the blanket where he stood, she never taking her eyes off him. Another picture. 

When she reached him, she reached up with both hands and quickly undid his pants and freed his aching cock saying to him simply, "I want this!" as she pushed his pants down with both hands and gathered his cock into her mouth while pulling him to her with one hand behind him on his ass and the other cupping his balls. She swallowed him or as much as she could, as he was so big. 

And then she pulled back keeping the head of his cock in her mouth and looked up at him. This was pleasing her greatly and by the way his cock felt in her mouth he was very also very, very happy. She closed her eyes just as he snapped another picture. 

Oh she was so hot. She wanted him before. But now, now that she had seen him, and posed for him she couldn't believe how much hotter this had made her, especially with his cock now in her mouth. As she toyed with the end of his cock licking up and down and sucking in all his pre-cum that she loved so much, she couldn't resist fingering her pussy and playing with her clit. 

What she didn't expect was to feel her orgasm coming on this fast, but here it was. As she felt it building she decided to go with it. She gave his cock one good long suck and then let it pop from her mouth as she gasped and fell back on laying on her back on the blanket with her hands furiously working her pussy now, as she began to explode in a very quick but very intense orgasm. 

She lay back her legs spread wide her hips heaving in unison with her hands. Her tits with the nipples hard were trembling with the beginning of this climax. Her mouth opened as her eyes closed as she cried out in pleasure. She was not even aware of the several pictures he took. A full length shot from above and the side. Another, a close up of her hands working her body into a frenzy. He then took another close-up picture of her from her chest up, capturing that exquisite look on her beautiful face as she cried out in orgasmic pleasure. 

She also didn't notice he had stopped taking pictures until she had started on the downside of her orgasm and opened her eyes tying to focus only to see his face now above hers and smiling. She reached up and pulled his face down to hers and they kissed passionately as he positioned his cock at the entrance to her pussy and as they kissed he rammed the full length and thickness into hot wetness. She cried out and moaned her pleasure into his mouth as she returned his kiss now with even more passion. He felt so good inside her. He filled her and made her pussy even wetter. She spread her legs and raised them up and around the back of him and pulled him close while giving him full access to fill her completely with his delicious cock. 
