 It's my first day at a new job, it's my first job since I left university. I want everything to go well. I get up early and take a long, hot shower, washing my nerves away. I get out of the shower and because of the extra time don't dry off but walk around doing what I need to do naked, letting myself dry naturally. I go to pick my clothes for the day, wanting to dress to impress. First of all, I go to my chest of drawers where I choose my lingerie. I choose a gorgeous, sexy pair of French knickers made of soft black lace with white frill around the waistband and a matching bra, both in design and sexiness. I slowly step into the French knickers, pulling them up my tanned legs, up over my bum. The bra perfectly displays my breasts, giving them the perfect shape, and pushing them up just slightly. Then a pair of skin coloured stockings, straightening out each leg in turn, as I slowly unroll the stockings onto my legs, smoothing out the small creases. Then on to my wardrobe where I pick out a black skirt that comes to just around above knees. A white shirt that sits perfectly on my waist, I do up the buttons from the top down, leaving the top button which shows off my breasts just enough without being slutty. I run my hands slowly over my breasts, down over my stomach, smoothing the shirt over my body. From the bottom of the wardrobe I pick up three pairs of shoes and finally settle on a pair of black high heels that make my calf's tense slightly when wearing them.

It's lunchtime and I get into the lift down from the 13th floor to go and get lunch somewhere. I stand in the lift, there's one other person in the lift with me. I press the ground floor button and just as the doors are about to close, a hand pops in between the lift doors stopped them closing. The doors open again and I see you standing there dressed in a grey shirt lightly tucked in a pair of black suit trousers. You step into the lift and stand next to me. I look up at you and smile, recognising you from the same office, you smile back with a gorgeous smile that makes me blush slightly. You say hi and ask me how my first day was, we make idle chit chat as we go down 5 floors until the lift stops and the other person steps out of the lift, leaving us alone. We stop talking and just keep glancing at each other, you step forward and press the stop button on the lift. I'm about to ask you what you're doing when you turn around to face me, put your hands on my waist, stepping forward, pushing me against the wall of the lift. You lean in to kiss me while you lift me up and sit me on the hand railing. One hand stays on my waist as the other reaches up to the side of my face as you kiss me more passionately, the hand on my waist trailing up my side over the side of my breast. Both of your hands reach to the front of my suit jacket and start to undo the top button. You take a slight step back and look up at me, checking my face for some kind of sign, an approval, that what you're doing is okay, that I want you to carry on. 

I lean forward kiss you, my hands reaching down and joining yours, undoing the buttons and pushing my jacket over my shoulders and you toss it to the floor. Your hands carry on to my shirt, undoing each of the buttons of my shirt, as my hands roam over your chest, finding your buttons and starting to undo them. You undo the last of my shirt buttons and groan audibly as you see my breasts for the first time covered by my lacy bra, leaning your head down and kissing them, tracing your kisses down over and around my stomach and back up, over my breasts to my neck. You reach for the front of my bra, pulling the cups down to reveal my breasts. With a cheeky smile on your face you lean forward flick your tongue over my left nipple, making me moan slightly, then flicking your tongue over my right nipple, taking it in your mouth and sucking on it, biting it and pulling it with your teeth, making me moan louder. You trace down over my breasts with your tongue, down my stomach, my belly button to the waistband of my skirt. 

Lifting myself off of the handrail, I turn you around so you have your back against the lift wall. I push your shirt over your shoulders, pushing it to the ground as I step back and let my shirt follow yours, my hands tracing down over my breasts, down my sides to my skirt, reaching around to the zip. I look at you, straight into your eyes as I lower the zip, pushing the skirt down over my bum, over my legs to the floor, stepping out of it I step forward and kneel down in front of you. My hands reach for your belt, slowly undoing your buckle, and then your zip, pulling your trousers down as I look up at you. My hand traces up over your semi erect cock through your boxers, I can feel it growing at my touch as I stroke up and down, reaching into your boxers and pulling your cock out, freeing it from it's material prison. 

I reach down and close my hand around your cock, you feeling my touch for the first time fully. I start stroking up and down your cock, leaning my head forward and taking the head of your cock into my mouth. Your hands rest on the handrail as you lean back, moaning with your eyes closed. I suck quite softly on the head of your cock, taking in an extra inch, as my hands slide up and down your shaft, your moans getting louder, showing me that I'm doing something right, your cock getting rock hard in my mouth. You take your hands and place them on the back of my head, slowly pushing my head down your cock, I open up my mouth as every inch of you goes into my mouth, feeling the tip of your cock hitting the back of my throat as you start to fuck my mouth as you groan loudly showing me you're enjoying it as you tell me to open up my mouth and take your cock, telling me to suck it, suck it harder. Your hands move away from my head, holding on to the handrail to brace yourself, and I continue moving my head as you continue to fuck my mouth. I slowly lift my head off of your cock, taking my time to flick my tongue over the tip, licking and kissing that sensitive spot, loving the pleasure it obviously gives you as I watch your knees buckle and hear you moan every time I firmly flick my tongue over that sensitive spot. 

I move back and stand up, moving in to kiss you. You can taste yourself on my lips, on my tongue, your tongue delving deeper into my mouth, hungry to taste me. Yours hands run down from my face, over my neck and shoulders, lingering shortly over my breasts and nipples, down over my sides to my bum and the back of the tops of my legs, lifting then up and closing them around your waist, your mouth never leaving mine. Your hand slides into my knickers, between my pussy lips, feeling them for the very first time. You move your head back and smile at my, surprised at how wet you've found me. You slide your fingers over my clit, rubbing it between your fingers, watching my face, looking for my expressions, listening to me moan, you getting off on knowing how good you're making me feel, hearing me gasp as you push two fingers into my pussy, starting to slowly fuck it, getting it ready for cock. You feel my pussy start to tighten around your fingers as you bring me to orgasm. I'm breathing heavily and start moaning loudly as my orgasm heightens, and then starts to subside. 

I lean forward and whisper into your ear that I want you inside me, now. You grin at me as I pull my knickers to the side and lower my pussy down onto your cock slowly, taking all of you in, in one movement. I put my arms around your shoulders so that I can pull myself into you as I grind onto your cock, moaning at the pleasure of your cock inside me. You put your hands on my bum, grinding me into you, as you lower yourself onto your knees and then put me on my back, your cock still inside me. In this new position you can fuck me harder and faster, and you do! You start to really thrust into my pussy, my breasts bouncing around as you bottom out in my pussy, your balls slapping against my pussy, covered in my juices. You start to get faster and faster, fucking me harder and harder, deeper and deeper. I can hear you getting breathless, knowing you're getting close to cumming so I ask you where it is you want to cum. You tell me that as I'm a filthy slut, you want to cum all over my tits, I tell you that's where I want you to cum too. 

You feel my pussy starting to contract around your shaft as you bring me to another orgasm, as my orgasm subsides you pull out of my pussy and straddle across my chest. I take your cock into my hand and spit on it as I start to stroke it up and down, mixing my pussy juices with my saliva. I start to wank your cock faster, my other hand grabbing hold of your balls, pulling them slightly, feeling them get tighter as you get close to cumming, massaging them, stroking them as you start to explode over my tits with a loud groan. Spurt after spurt comes shooting out of your cock as your orgasm rocks through your body. You groan a sigh of contentment as you reach down to kiss me and pull me up with you as you stand. 

We both stand and quickly redress. I'm just doing up the last few buttons and putting my jacket on as the speaker phone crackles and a voice fills the lift. It's security, asking if we're okay, and saying they'll get the lift moving in just a second. You look at me and wink, I smile back at you. The lift starts moving and we soon reach the ground floor. I walk out ahead of you and you slap my arse as I walk past and out of the lift, then you step out too, thanking me for the best lunch break you've had in a while asking if I want to go for lunch.