 Tomas has been surprised when the little Asian flower had addressed him in Spanish.

"I am Diwata. Most call me Di. Hello? You want haircut?"

She looked every bit a small, Asian Hispanic girl. Tanned skin, long black hair, brown eyes, but not the Native American mix he had come to know. She was very much Asian. He held her small hand out to shake with his, and began to blush as he stared down at her dumbfounded. Di

"I'm Tomas. Your learned Spanish living here in New Mexico?"

She giggled. "I have always known Spanish. We speak it in the Philippines, where I am from."

She spoke it so well he was having trouble keeping up. "English is my native language," he admitted. "You speak English?"

"Not so much," she replied in English. "But I am learning."

So Spanish became their conversational tongue, where he had to struggle to understand her dialect, and she his poor Spanish.

"You are white then, not ... um, how you say? Hispanic?"

"No, I am Hispanic. We just don't all speak Spanish anymore. My family have been here since New Spain."

"Ah, yes, the Spanish Empire conquered both these our lands."

He was distracted as he sat down for his haircut, and as she worked so close to him. She wore only a small, loose white tank-top with no bra, and leaning over all innocent, he could almost see her nipples. Small, young breasts, and her hair smelled like soap. With it, small, tight shorts that seemed almost see-thru, and barely covered the bottom of her ass-cheeks. She had a nice round ass, though small along with her frame. She had matching white wedged high-heels, open-toed to reveal dainty feet and painted toenails. Long, slender legs and delicate hands, she was the very essence of femininity. He began imagining fucking, such a small creature at his mercy, trembling from the orgasms he could give her.

His dick began getting hard and sliding along his jeans, and would be noticeable soon. He didn't mind if she noticed, and wasn't shy. And they were the only ones in the barber shop at the moment. A lazy Tuesday afternoon, his day off from work.

"You have a boyfriend?" he asked.

"Why you ask? You want to date me? No girlfriend? I have no boyfriend, I just come here to America."

Lucky him, he thought. "I'm not sure dating is what I had in mind. I have no girlfriend. But I'd love to show you the city and places around here. You like to hike?"

She smiled. "Yes, I would like that. But isn't that a date?"

He looked down at his pants, and then her eyes looked down at what he was looking at, and then went wide. She blushed at once.

"Ah, you horny for me," she whispered. "You like me?"

"Oh yeah," he said. Then he gently took her free hand and placed it on the swell of his cock beneath his pants.

Despite blushing fiercely, she did not withdraw her hand, but seemed curious and began to feel.

"It too big for me!" she said.

"I can make it fit. What are you doing tonight, Di?"

And he got a date with his barber.

---

Tomas arrived early on purpose. He had a good feeling about Diwata that she would let him use her any way he wanted. He never pushed himself on a woman. He never had to. But each was very different, and had different needs. Diwata was inexperienced, but coming into her own. A young woman, maybe late teens or early 20's. Horny, curious, and probably thought a blond-haired, blue-eyed Latino like himself was exotic in her culture.

She lived in the War Zone of Albuquerque along with many Asians, Trumbull and Louisiana area. Her apartment was poor and run down, as he had expected. He used to live in the ghetto until college and career got him out of it.

Dressed casual with jeans, dress shoes, and black button shirt, and holding roses, he ran the bell and waited.

Di cracked open the door a moment later, and as he had hoped, was just barely getting out of the shower. Still wet and dripping.

"You early!" she protested. "Not ready yet."

"It's alright. I can wait for you inside."

She stared at him, only one eye visible, and then another, and then she unchained the door and let him in.

"I no have towel. No clothes on yet. You wait..."

"Can I see you naked?" he asked, as if that was a perfectly normal request.

She turned red, and seemed to have lost the ability to speak. Asians were so modest it seemed. He took out his wallet and showed her his FBI badge.

"I actually work for the FBI. Do you know what that is?"

Her eyes went even wider, and her mouth gaped.

"You cop? Am I in trouble?"

"No, of course not. I just want to make you my girlfriend. I think you are very beautiful. And I do not lie. I want to see you naked, if that is alright. And make love to you, when you are ready."

But he knew she would be intimidated now by his power. What woman wasn't?

She opened the door wide and let him in, and see her naked. She looked afraid and shamed, and yet so compliant. Some people and cultures had a natural inclination to respect authority, and he was abusing that without apology. She stood tall and rigid.

But she was so cute and adorable without clothes, and his cock swelled with desire for her at once. Small but perky tits, a small but round ass, long legs and small feet. She had long black hair and big, Asian eyes alit with wonder, desire, and fear of him. Her stomach was flat, and skin dark and smooth.

He handed her the roses, and she took them, softening a little.

"So, this really a date?"

"No. I just wanted to come over and have sex. And then take you out to eat."

"But, that is wrong!"

"Why? Are not not attracted to me?"

"No, no, I think you very attractive," she blushed.

He looked around. A messy place.

"I have roommates, they very messy. Let me get dressed."

"But I like you naked. You are very beautiful. Very sexy."

She retreated to her bedroom, and he followed. "No, no, wait outside."

But he came in anyway, embraced her, and kissed her mouth. It was as far as he dared go unless he received clear signals to continue. His mouth engulfed hers, tasting the sweetness of her, and their tongues flicked at each other.

She kissed him back with closed eyes, pressing her naked body against him. Then she pushed away, falling backward on her bed and sitting down.

He fell to his knees, pushed her on her back, spread her legs, and then went down on her. Her smoothly shaved pussy was amazing. A small cleft, and when her pussy lips were spread, an inviting pink flower that was enticing beyond his imagination.

She tried to push his head away, but he persisted, and licked and sucked away, finding her clitoris and going to town. Her gasps and moans came quickly, stifled by a pillow she had grabbed to put over her face.

The smooth skin of her thighs, her ass hanging partially over the bed, her tiny little anus, all made him rigidly and painfully hard for her. But he took his time, and figured out her rhythm, his tongue dancing and playing over her opening.

"You bad man!" she shrieked. "Very bad!"

"Yes I am," he admitted. "Did you want me to stop?"

"No!" she sighed, as if in defeat.

He could feel her relax as he went to town on her pussy, and how wet she became. She orgasmed with a whimper, and a muffled shriek. Her body shuddered with it. He then took off his shirt and dropped his pants, revealing his hard cock leaning to the right slightly.

She got up on her elbows and looked at him as he rubbed his cock against her clitoris. He had been blessed with a godlike cock, eight inches of thick, uncut pale and pink meat. Her eyes widened at the size of it.

"That won't fit!"

"You don't want me to try?"

She looked at him, and then let her head fall back, and put a pillow over her face. He assumed that was acceptance. He pushed his mushroom head against her opening, feeling its wetness against his tip, his precum already oozing. Then he pushed it into tightness, amazed by the feeling of her.

"Oh wow, you feel so good," he breathed. "So tight."

She got up on her elbows and watched, unable to take her eyes off her pussy being stretched and fucked. She was breathing hard, her nipples hard, and a gleam of sweat broke out over her body.

He pushed into her, and out, and did what he normally did with anal sex. A little more in, then out, then back in deeper and deeper. She groaned louder with each deeper thrust, her pussy stretched to its limits. Seeing his enormous shaft sliding into her tight, Asian vagina only made him harder and want to pump it more.

"Please," she pleaded. "Do not cum in me, okay?"

"Okay, I will come in your mouth. You swallow it all, okay?"

"Okay," she replied, surprising him. He had been testing her resolve. But evidently, she was entirely his to do with as he pleased.

He fucked her good and hard, her toes splaying as another orgasm washed over her body, and she bit her pillow. And just when he was about to come, he pulled out, took her arms, and stood up while drawing her up into the sitting position.

With his cock at her face, she opened her mouth, and he began ejaculating into it, his orgasm so intense he moaned louder than he had intended. Perfect! He filled her whole mouth with his cum, and she swallowed. Then he filled it nearly a second time, and she swallowed that too, and then began to suck him off.

"There, not a drop on me, so I don't have to shower again," she said, looking up at him. "Was that okay? You like?"

"I like very much. You?"

"Yes, very much," she admitted.

She played with his balls, huge in her small hands. "You so big. I never seen such big balls, and big dick. It hurt, but I liked it."

He saw the dress she planned on wearing, a thin summer dress with flowers. And her white wedge heels as well.

"No underwear. Just the dress and heels. Let's go eat."

---

Tomas liked having the tiny, sweet, and sexy Diwata next to him in the car. His BMW cruised silently across the city. He took her to dinner and got to know her more.

He treated her to a nice restaurant, and sitting next to her at a booth, enjoyed slipping his hand up her thigh and fingering her shaved pussy.

She would blush innocently when he did this, but did not tell him to stop.

"I never met man like you. Bold, know what you want. You just do it."

"Is that OK? If you don't like it, you say no."

"I will. But I like it. Most American men..." and she giggled, and rolled her eyes. "Not real men! Sissy men."

"America has fallen on hard times, I must admit. The FBI has trouble finding good recruits these days."

"What are you going to do to me next?"

He smiled broadly.

"Well, I"m taking you to the movies. But I know a place in the parking lot that is very dark. I'm going to bend you over in the backseat of my car while I stand outside, and fuck you. And this time I'm going to cum in your pussy, and hope you get pregnant."

She turned red and gasped.

"You'll just have to hold my cum inside you. After the movie I'm going to take you home, and fuck you in the ass. Then I will have cum into all three of your lovely little holes, and leave you sore, satisfied, and thinking of me always."

Her eyes went wide with terror at that.

"No! I cannot handle you that way!"

"Sure you can."

"But I said no!"

"Ok," he smiled. "But I can bend you over in a parking lot?"

She blushed. "Yes, if you promise not to ... do my butt!"

---

In the parking lot, in a dark area, he backed his BMW in next to some bushes and trees. Totally isolated place. Then they got out, and she shyly came around to him.

"I like you very much, but you scary," she said. "You too big. You be gentle?"

He only smiled and kissed her, loving how she tasted. So sweet and small a woman, like a child in his arms. No wonder American men liked Asian girls. The true hallmark of femininity.

He opened the back door on his side, and she climbed in and got to her knees, her ass towards him. The perfect height for him to stand and have his way with her.

She lifted up her dress, revealing that perfect, round, little ass. The light was too dim to see much by, but he could see enough. He took his cock out, already stiff and ready, and pressed it against her.

She guided it to her pussy, and he pressed it into her. She gasped and moaned as he gripped her waist and pushed it in deep. She was already so wet. The combination of wetness and incredibly tightness was amazing.

"Oh man, you feel so good, Diwata."

"You so big, Tomas! Tomas the train!"

Mm, that was an apt description from her perspective. He pushed his thick train all the way into her, and holding her firm, fucked her good and hard.

She took it like a champ, biting his leather seats to keep from screaming out. Her muscles constricted with an orgasm, and her tiny little frame shuddered.

This made him cum deep into her. He pulled his shaft out as he came, wanting to leave all of his sperm inside her by leaving room as he ejaculated. He always came more the second time around.

She reached back and squeezed his balls gently, as if squeezing more of him into her. It was over quick, but the orgasms for both of them was intense and very satisfying.

She got back out and stood up, and then held her thighs together like she had to pee. So was so cute that way, toes crossing each other, a look of shyness.

"That hurt, Tomas! You too big!"

"You came, though."

"I sore now. I never have a big dick."

He put his dick away, and they began walking. "Wait, you have something? It is messy."

"I want to see my cum slide down your legs. Just let it go."

They started walking hand-in-hand, and he felt possessive of her. He was falling for her already, and wasn't sure why. She was smart and sexy, and that was the most important thing. But he had his needs, and so far she seemed like she could handle it.

Inside the lobby of the theater, she kept her legs closed. But to no avail, as he could see his cum slipping down her inner thigh. It was awesome. She smiled at him wickedly, knowing what he was looking at.

"You like me soiled and dirtied by you, no?"

"I do," he admitted.

The movie was surprisingly good, and he could actually stop thinking about sex with Diwata watching it. Even despite her playing with his cock beneath his pants, keeping him semi-erect.

---

On the way home, she unbuckled her seatbelt and unzipped his cock, and then went down on him.

"Oh wow, you still horny?"

She did not answer with a mouth full of Tomas in her mouth. She took him deeply down her throat, gagged a little, and then came up for air.

"I want you drained so you will stop thinking of my ass."

He laughed. "You still say no?"

"Yes, I say no! It is too much! And my pussy hurts. If you have more, I swallow it."

"I am pretty drained, Di. But that feels really good. I have to be at work early. When can I come by again?"

"Any time," she said.

She kept sucking him anyway, and got him hard. But he wanted to savor the moment, and be a gentlemen.

"My roommates are home. And my jaw hurts now. You too big!"

"It's OK."

He walked her to the front door, and they kissed passionately. He guessed he had left quite an impression her. He pulled her dress back and sucked on a nipple, and then the other.

She moaned with passion, but then peeled away from him. "I see you tomorrow?"

"Yes."

Reluctantly, they parted ways.

---

When he got home, he was as horny as ever thinking of Diwata. Hard as a rock, in fact. He should have tried to get her to suck him off again so he could sleep.

But he tried to sleep anyway. Two hours later, he gave it up. In sweats, he got back in his car and headed back to Diwata's apartment.

He knocked on the door, and a blurry-eyed Asian woman answered, looking annoyed. She looked him up and down and smiled lasciviously.

"I'm Diwata's boyfriend. I need to see her."

"Oh, handsome man. You see me instead?" she offered.

She was stoned or something, and not the least bit attractive. He showed her his FBI badge. Her eyes went wide, and then she oepned the door.

Another man came to see what was going on, and got angry ats the woman. They talked back and forth in heated Spanish. They were married, and he was tired of her being slutty. Mm, drama. He hoped this older man kept his paws off his Diwata.

He went to Di's door and opened it, and let himself in, then locked it. He snuck over to her, and found her sleeping under a sheet. It was hot inside. Swamp cooler was not working well. It was too humid to work well.

He peeled back the sheet and found her naked, and she slowly stirred.

"It's me, Tomas," he whispered. He turned the light on so he could see her.

She smelled sweet and soapy. She had bathed. Suddenly excited, she sat up and kissed him. "Oh, Tomas. I was dreaming of you."

They kissed passionately, his dick already hard for her. But he had other needs this time. He pushed her back and started eating her out. Her pussy tasted so good, so wet already. She bent her legs and moaned, and then brought a pillow over to bite into.

Taking the vaseline out of his pocket, he lubed up his thumb and then inserted it into her tiny little anus.

With her hands she tried pushing his hand away, but he persisted. She moaned with this new violation.

"You too big!"

But she did not say no. And he hoped she wouldn't.

"I need all of you. I want to leave my cum in every hole." He kissed her stomach. "My cum is inside there." Then he kissed her pubic bone. "And my cum is still in there, too."

"Yes!" she whimpered. "But not butt! Cum in my pussy again!"

He worked her anus open with his thumb, gently and firm. He inserted it a little each time as he suckled on her clitoris and drove her nuts.

He took his time, and made her orgasm with his tongue and lips. God, she tasted so good. So clean. He pushed his thumb all the way in. Then next, he inserted one finger, and then two, being sure to stretch her anus and massage the muscles open.

She struggled the whole time, squirming this way and that. But she never said no.

Then he got her on her stomach, stretched her legs, and pressed his cock against her anus.

"Tomas! I can't!" she cried.

"Yes you can. Trust me. I know you want it."

"I want all of you. But it will hurt!"

But still she did not say no.

He pushed the head of his cock against her anus. It took awhile to work it in, but with a plop it finally penetrated it, stretching it wide.

She groaned and bit the pillow. A deep groan. It only made him harder and push deeper into her. But he took his time and worked himself in and out of her, going a little deeper each time.

There was nothing like anal sex for a man. The tightness and heat. With good lube and bareback, it was simply amazing. He pushed a little deeper, and then pulled out.

Then he could hold back no more, and plowed all of himself deep into her guts, his whole eight inches of thickness ripping her rectum wide.

She screamed into the pillow, but still she did not say no.

He waited for a moment, his whole length inside her rectum. His body on her back, pinning her down. She was totally at his mercy. Then slowly he began fucking her some more, pulling out, and then thrusting back in.

She moaned and pushed her ass back against him. That's how he knew she had adapted. What a champ! She was getting into it, as he knew she would.

"Don't stop," she breathed.

He pounded her little ass good and hard then, pulling most of his length out of her, and then plowing back in. Her groans and grunts when he fucked her ass made it even better.

He came deep into her colon, he was sure. But still he was hard, and well-lubed still, he kept going.

She stretched her legs all the way and pushed her hips back against him.

He reached around and felt her stomach, and could feel himself make her insides bulge. It felt amazing. Even though she bit the pillow still, it was to keep from screaming out in orgasm now.
