 Toni had finally broken up with her boyfriend three months into her sexual affair with her wrestling instructor, Paul, who also owned the school. Her ex, Brian, was a good guy, and they had stood friends, but for the most part, had been lousy in bed if he'd had any interest in sex at all. She'd wondered if he'd been gay and had dated her just to hide his real sexual orientation.

On the other hand, things had been going great at wrestling school; she did wonder how she was going to come up with enough money for the costs that went with it now that she and Brian had split (he'd been paying her tuition), but thanks to her skills at giving fucking, sucking and all the anal sex Paul wanted to him, he not only moved her from his rooming house into an apartment in a better neighborhood and given her a part-time job at the school, but also, from then on, her tuition was considered paid in full. All she had to do was fuck him five days a week after classes were over and everyone was gone for the day. 

Toni had no problem with that arrangement; she not only lacked a boyfriend now and really enjoyed and needed plenty of sex, but she also had found Paul incredibly hot for an older guy, not to mention she loved the feeling of his eight-inch cock in her mouth, pussy and ass, his endless streams of cum filling every hole. 

She also vowed now that she was officially Paul's private little whore, she would show him a much hotter time; even though he'd just gotten married a month earlier, it was obvious to Toni that his wife wasn't giving him as much sex as he needed and wanted. Otherwise, Toni thought, he wouldn't have resumed their own sexual affair two weeks after his wedding and would be going home to fuck his wife's brains out after classes instead of needing Toni's own "services."

In the midst of getting sexual gratification from Paul, she did meet a new guy, Colton. As it had turned out, Colton was a classmate that had been eyeing her up for awhile but hadn't asked her out because she had been with her ex. Now that she was available for the most part, he got up the nerve to ask her out.

Toni found Colton, whom Paul had introduced her to and was only three years older than she, incredibly hot and sexy. In addition to being dark haired and olive-skinned like Paul, Toni found Colton's flat stomach, well-toned arms and legs, and his tight, round ass an incredible turn-on. She also was drawn by the huge bulge between his legs that his trunks failed to hide. Toni had giggled to herself at the thought of wondering if Colton was as good in bed as he was in the wrestling ring. 

It hadn't taken her long to find out.

On their first date, he had taken her back to his place.

On that night, she and Colton embraced and kissed at the door and after she removed her shoes, they kissed some more because their schedules had conflicted, meaning hadn't seen each other outside school and it was good to get together. Still hugging each other, they walked to the living room sofa and sat down and resumed kissing, their tongues finding each other.

Toni knew from that kind of kiss exactly what Colton wanted from her.

Besides her mouth, Colton kissed her eyes, throat, and both ears. She returned his kisses and then, dying for the longest time to fuck him, Toni's hand reached for his lap and felt his cock. Then she unzipped him, reached in and fondled his naked, generous, nine-inch cock. 

"Mmmmm," she smiled approvingly. "No underwear. And a nice big dick, just as I like my men."

She stood up then, turned around and asked Colton to unzip her dress and unhook her bra, which, now also finding himself mildly horny, he did. Then she sat back down started unbuttoning his shirt, running her hands and tongue down his tight chest as he let out a small groan.

"My kind of woman," he panted. "An innocent-lookng chick in public and at school and a slut behind closed doors."

He lifted his hips and peeled off his pants, and when he was naked, she stood up and dropped her dress and bra to the floor and was wearing only a black thong. Colton admired her sexy body, especially her large, firm tits. 

"You are a little whore, aren't you?" he asked, eyeing her up. "You'd like this cock, wouldn't you?"

He was sitting on the sofa, legs spread, but his cock was not completely hard yet. 

"Suck me, Toni," he ordered softly. "Suck that cock with your slutty little mouth. Get me real hard, baby."

Toni knelt between his legs, bent over and pulled his cock into her mouth with her tongue. Colton found himself rock hard within seconds of sliding into her hot mouth as she rolled his cock around with her tongue and the inside of her cheeks. 

Once his cock was fully hard, she backed her mouth away, held it gently in her fingertips and expressed delight at how stiff and ready it was. Toni kissed the tip, then lowered her head, taking the entire length into her mouth, with her tongue caressing it as she took it down. Her head slowly eased down, all the way to his balls as her mouth and tongue engulfed his cock.

Leaning back, Colton enjoyed the view of Toni' s head moving slowly up and down as she performed deep throat on his cock. Part of the pleasure for him had been watching his cock sliding in and out of her hot, wet mouth, which made him as horny as the deep throating she was giving him. 

"Yeaaaah, a little cocksucker slut," he moaned. "That's it, baby, take all that dick down like a good little whore."

Neither of them were in any hurry, so Toni sucked him slowly, enjoying every inch of his wood, and Colton reveled in the pleasure she was giving him with her lips and her tongue, knowing that he was giving her pleasure by letting her suck his cock. 

Although her strokes were slow, he knew he was going to cum soon. Colton could feel it building and he tried to delay it by not looking at Toni's bobbing head or his cock sliding in and out of her mouth. This helped some, but the incredible pleasure she was giving to him could not be denied. 

"I'm ready to cum," he warned with a pant. "Come on, you slut, suck me off!"

Within seconds, he had blasted hot cum into her mouth, Toni swallowing his entire load and licking the remaining cum off her lips once she had finished draining his cock of seed.

"Dammit, baby. You didn't tell me you gave such great head or swallowed cum!"

"That's just two things I like to do to a guy," she said sexily as she licked his cock clean.

After a few minutes she sat next to him on the sofa. They hugged again and kissed. His cock, now soft, was lying against his thigh. He had just taken one of her tits in his hands and was licking her sensitive nipples when she stopped him. 

"Let's go into your bedroom," she said.

As they made their way there, kissing each other again, Toni was still wearing her thong, but it so dripping wet that the front of it was transparent and clinging to her lovely pussy and did nothing to conceal her charms. Once in the bedroom, Colton pulled off Toni's soaked thong and she lay down on the bed, her legs slightly open for him. With her gorgeous, voluptuous body, she was a treat for his eyes and he knew her body would soon be a treat for his tongue, lips, and later his cock. 

He bent over her and kissed her on the mouth and responded by shoving her tongue back into his mouth, meeting his. He knelt on the bed beside her and kissed her again on her lips and on her ears. More throat kisses and he was again ready to caress Toni's breasts with his mouth.

He held one of the beautiful globes in either hand and bent down and licked either nipple a few strokes with his tongue. Toni was lying back with her head on the pillow and her eyes closed, enjoying the attention her tits were getting from him. Both nipples were fully erect, because she was aroused, enjoying the attention and looking forward to a lot more of it. Colton sucked her succulent tits one at a time into his mouth and held it there with his lips. He held it lightly in his hand while as other hand gently massaged its beautiful twin. His tongue caressed the nipple and traced the areola. Toni moaned softly the entire time, encouraging him to do more to her.

He continued to suck and massage her tits for several minutes, switching his attentions from one to the other. As she squirmed in ecstasy, he knew it was time for his mouth to be pleasuring Toni's sweet cunt very soon.

Teasing her, he licked the channel between her tits, with one of them rubbing delightfully against either of his cheeks. Colton's mouth worked its way down, kissing and licking her soft, inviting skin. When he wiggled his tongue into her navel, Toni let out a tiny squeal and urged him onward.

When he reached her shaved mound, he got off the bed and knelt between her outspread legs. A pillow slipped easily under her ass and her lovely, fragrant pussy was available for her eating pleasure. 

"Does my little slut want me to eat her out?"

Toni nodded, spreading her legs wider and offering her now-soaked cunt to him. She smiled sexily at him, raised her legs, reached down and spread her ass cheeks to accommodate his finger. Lubricated with saliva, the middle finger of his right hand slid into her ass. Colton pushed it in and out a few times, Toni moaning above him as his finger pleasured her anus.

"You like getting fucked in the ass like this, don't you baby? My hot little slut."

"That feels so good, Colton," she breathed. "More."

With that, he dove into her pussy as his finger still fucked her ass. When he licked up all the juices she had been secreting, he licked all around the edge of Toni's very hot pussy. He pumped his finger in and out of her ass, then started licking the edge of her right outer pussy lip, with his left cheek almost resting on her leg. He licked slowly to the end of the edge of that pussy lip and Toni expressed her appreciation by cooing her pleasure at what his mouth and finger were doing for her. 

"God, fuck me, Colton!" she cried.

With his face pressed against her pussy, he started licking the inside of that same lip. He kept his mouth in the same place but moved his tongue slightly to either side, as well as probing as far in as he could, then moved very slightly closer to her clit and continued to lick the same way. Very slowly, Colton moved toward her clit and when he reached that precious love button, he stopped and then started on the other outer lip. 

Toni was moaning and sighing and expressing her enjoyment. The feel and sight of her pussy, which had started humping into his face, was a tactile delight and a delight to his eyes, as was the sight of his finger fucking her ass. 

He slowly licked the edge of the second outer pussy lip to the end and came back and started on its inside. Colton again thoroughly covered the inside of the lip, probing his tongue in as far as he could and licking the inner lip as well. His tongue then covered both labia all the way to the clit and this time he kept going. Toni's pussy started humping harder into his face. 

"Oooooo, Colton, that feels so gooood! Lick me more and fuck my pussy with your tongue!"

His tongue started probing the very sensitive area just below Toni's clit. She was moaning in pleasure and when he moved his mouth up slightly to encompass that sweetest of sweet spots, and then he sucked on her love button and caressed its top and sides with his tongue and he knew that Toni was about to cum. Her hips were swiveling on the bed beneath him and her pussy was humping so strongly into Colton's face that she was almost lifting herself off the bed. 

"I'm going to cum!" she panted.

Suddenly she squeezed his head with her thighs, pushing his face tightly against her soaked slit. His middle finger, which had been fucking Toni's ass, was held tightly by her constricted muscles and her heels dug into his back. He continued sucking on her clit and his tongue continued its probing, licking and fucking her hole until Toni's orgasm completed and her ass dropped back onto the bed. 

"Wow," she purred. "You really know how to eat pussy!"

He gave her slit one final light lick. "Well, I've eaten out quite a few women in my life. I love it. Too bad my ex-wife wasn't into it, though. As a matter of fact, you're the first pussy I've had since my divorce."

They lay close together on the bed for a long time, basking in each other's presence, until Toni put her hand on Colton's hard cock.

"Mmmmm...I bet you can fuck a cunt as good as you eat one, too."

"Well, you're about to find out, baby."

Toni lay on her back while he was between her outstretched legs, preparing to slide his cock into her waiting pussy. He pushed in and out of her slowly, Toni moaning in anticipation, her hips rising to meet his, begging him to fuck her harder. 

Not one to usually fuck on the first date, he'd been dreaming of this moment for months since he first laid eyes on Toni, and now here he was, on top of her, his cock plowing in and out of her as her moans got louder and her hips bucked wildly to meet his every stroke.

Colton grunted, slamming in and out of her as his massive cock went deeper inside. "You like this big dick in your cunt, don't you, you little whore?" he growled as he fucked her. "You are a horny little slut, aren't you?"

"Oh God, Colton," she screeched, her fingers digging into his ass. "FUCK ME!"

"Yeah, baby, I'll fuck you real good, just like a slut should be!"

His cock still deep inside her, he rolled Toni over until she was on top of him, not missing a stroke as he continued his assault on her wet, tight cunt.

"Ride me, baby. Ride that cock like the hot fucking whore you are."

Shifting her body, she straddled him then, her cunt muscles firmly on his cock. Then she stretched her legs back and outside his, lay down on top of him and curled her forearms under his arms so most of her weight was on her elbows and knees. Colton put his hands on her hips and thrust his cock into her while pushing her pussy onto his fuck tool. Using her elbows for traction, Toni slid forward on top of him then pushed her way back, while he thrust his cock forward all the way into her hot box. 

"Mmmmm", she murmured, "Your big cock feels so good inside me like this."

"Yeah you little slut," he grunted. "Give me all that hot cunt of yours."

Toni slid forward and back again and again and for each time she pushed back, he stroked forward to again penetrate her pussy to the maximum. Toni was murmuring delightedly with each stroke.

His hands were also enjoying themselves, caressing Toni's body and going down to her hips and then the flare of her lovely, curvaceous ass. They rested lightly on her hips to guide her strokes of her pussy back to meet his cock, and Colton continued to thrust his man meat forward to meet her cunt. They continued the slow, sliding strokes that were putting his cock all the way into her pussy and back out again.

Toni then went into a circular motion as Colton licked her luscious globes until she wanted to change her motions again, stroking her pussy back and forth and he continued to plunge his cock deep into her at every stroke until Colton could feel his climax building. 

"I'm getting ready to cum....I want to cum in that whorish hot cunt of yours!"

"Oh yes! Colton, I want to feel that hot cum shoot inside me!"

She then began to ride him harder, her hips grinding into him as she approached her own orgasm. "God, Colton, fuck me like I'm your bitch! I want to be your slut, Colton! I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Colton, dammit, fucking come in me!"

He held on to her ass, as far down as he could reach to keep them together and to keep his cock plunging steadily into her pussy as he fucked her, ready to come at any second as her orgasm began to wash over her.

"Take this cum, you slut!" he called, bucking his hips harder as he ejaculated deep into her eager cunt just as Toni climaxed with a spasm of her back and hips, and slumped down on top of him.

With his arms around her waist, he held her there, most of her weight on top of him. When she was ready, she rolled off, and they lay in each other's arms and kissed with tongues, her way of letting him know how much she enjoyed him.

Both of them were worn out from the hot sex they had just had and she spent the first of many nights with him before giving up the apartment and moving in with Colton several weeks later, but still managed to make time to fuck both him and Paul.

If she had lacked for enough sex before, she certainly didn't now!