 Tim was in shock. Not only had he just received an amazing pussy job, complete with shooting his load all over the gorgeous tits and belly of his former student, but now she wanted him to fuck her. And cum again. Inside. 

"Fuck, Katie, that sounds so hot. I really want to but..." He trailed off, gesturing at his limp dick. She smiled up at him.

"Why don't you clean me off so I can...clean you off." That smirk of hers! Tim reached over her and pulled several tissues out of a box on the corner of his desk. He laughed a little and when Katie asked why he said, "You know how many times I've used these tissues to jerk off while thinking about you?"

"I bet you say that to all the girls." Katie mocked.

"Ha. Ha. Yes. Very funny." Tim matched her mockery and smiled to show he wasn't upset as he wiped several globs of cum up, throwing the tissues in the trash. They both stood up from the desk, facing each other, bodies touching. In feeling her hot little body pressed against him, Tim started to think it might not be that wild of an idea that he could get hard and cum again. Tim's arms were around her body, his hands resting on the curve of her hips as Katie ran her hands across his well defined pecs and down over his abs, following the trail of dark hair there. 

"Well, I told you I was going to clean you up." Her mouth took the same path that her hands just had, pausing along the way to lick Tim's nipples and kiss along the curve of muscle leading to his crotch which lead Katie to her knees. Her face was level with Tim's flaccid penis, her hands rubbing lightly up and down his thighs. What a fucking sight this was for him, this hot chick on her knees. He couldn't wait to feel his cock in her mouth and he told her so. Katie continued running her hands over various parts of his body, using and alternating between her palms, fingers, and nails. The sensation was light and enjoyable. Tim felt himself relaxing a bit and leaned his butt against the desk, his eyes fluttering shut. 

Katie ran her hands up and down Tim's inner thighs, getting closer to his genitals each time. Her touch was slow and deliberate, eventually brushing against scrotum; it was closely trimmed. Tim let out a small moan. Again, Katie's mouth took the same path as her hands. Her mouth kissing along Tim's lower half, in the crook of his legs. Her breath was hot over his manicured mound of pubic hair and base of his shaft when she switched sides. Tim's pulse was increasing slightly, his eyes were now open. He felt a twitch but didn't want to jinx it and so put it out of his mind, focusing on watching Katie. Her hand had found his dick, lifting it and giving it a few gentle tugs which gave Tim a few gentle twitches. She must have felt it. She looked up at him, his cock still in her hand, her face so close to it. 

"Mmm, I can smell my pussy on you." Fuck. She might just make him hard again. Her mouth was slightly open and she ever so slowly reached her tongue out to make contact with the underside base of his shaft. She licked the full length of him several times, flicking at the tip before starting over. Each time Tim pushed his hips forward slightly, his hands were gripping the edge of the desk tightly. The anticipation was hot and he also wanted her to suck him. He realized he was half hard and decided it was time. Tim removed one hand from the desk and moved it to Katie's head, tangled in her hair.

"Why don't you suck me a bit, huh? Fuck, that mouth feels so good. I wanna see your lips wrapped around me." His other hand came off the desk to grab his cock, rubbing it over Katie's wet mouth. "Yeah, you want this cock? Hmm?" He pulled her head back and slapped his almost erect dick on her face a few times. "Look how hard you're making me. Open up, baby. Open that hot mouth of yours so I can stick my cock in. Yeah." Katie obeyed and Tim felt like his legs were about to give out as he felt her warm mouth envelop the head of his cock and slide down the shaft. "Fuuuuuck." He moaned low and long. "Oh fuck, Katie." Her mouth began that familiar up and down movement. Tim took in the sight of this student on her knees, head bobbing as she slobbered on his cock. He had a hand on either side of her head and was trying not to thrust into her too hard. While he loved a good hard throat fuck, that was something he preferred to not spring on someone. "Yeah, suck that cock, baby. Suck it. Fuck yeah." Katie was clearly experienced at giving head, it was one of the best blowjobs he'd ever had. Part of him wanted to continue fucking her face and blow his second load down her throat, it felt that damn good, but she'd also given him the green light to fuck her pussy and blow there. Given the choice between the two...

"Get up." Tim pulled Katie off his cock, it was glistening with her spit. "Back on the desk." She tried taking her time and feigning coyness but Tim wasn't having it, not right now. He pushed her first against and then down onto his desk. Her legs splayed in the air and he grabbed ahold of her knees, spreading her open even wider. She gasped several times and when Tim looked down, he could see her pussy was soaked. Her juices were flowing down into her crack, her pink hole was pulsing. "Mmm look how fucking wet you are. You liked sucking my dick, didn't you?" Katie nodded, her hands busy working her nipples and grabbing at her tits. "I think you want me inside you." She just nodded again and Tim stepped closer. He wanted to savor this moment. He pushed the head of his cock against her, rubbing into her wetness, teasing her hole. She was so hungry for him that the tip slipped in without him even trying. 

"Oh god! Yes!" Katie yelled instantly. "Oh my god, put your dick in me!" Tim gave a few small thrusts, fucking her with the tip. He was enjoying teasing her but more than that, he wanted to enjoy fucking her. He slowly pushed the entire length of his shaft into her wet and wanting cunt, bottoming out and holding there, his body straining to get deeper, a long low moan escaping from Katie. Tim glanced down, surveying the sight before him and let out a small laugh of disbelief. He was literally balls deep inside one of his students that he'd been fantasizing about for the last year. 

"Fuck, Katie. I can't believe I'm inside you. Goddamn you feel good." Katie's hands were still on her breasts, pinching and pulling at her nipples. She stared up at him.

"Well now that you're inside of me, are you gonna fuck me or what?" Oh so that's how she wanted it? Well, Tim could and would give it to her. His grip on her knees eased and moved to her hips as he began to pull back and thrust into her, slow and hard. Each time his hips met her body he watched the impact ripple through her. He began to pick up speed, his abs and ass flexing with the effort and force. In no time he was really fucking her, the sound of his balls slapping and Katie moaning filling his small office. Tim was panting by now but didn't let up, in fact he started shoving his dick inside of her as hard and fast as he could. 

"How's that, huh? You fucking like that? My fat cock filling you up?" Tim could feel the sheen of sweat that was beginning to cover his body. "Yeah, take that cock, baby, take it!" Tim watched as Katie's body took the pounding he was giving her; her arms up over her head and gripping the edge of the desk, her tits bouncing wildly, her eyes clenched shut and her mouth wide in a breathless gasp. He was amazed he was still going strong, but he was. He bent over Katie, bringing his arms to rest on either side of her hot body. His mouth hovered over hers, both of them gasping. "You feel that? I'm getting close, Katie. I'm getting so close. I'm gonna dump my cum inside your tight little hole. That's what you wanted, right? Answer me! Tell me how much you want this hot load in you!"

"Yes, Coach! Fucking fill me up with your cum! I wanna feel you shooting inside me." Tim felt taken over by his desire for her and somehow began to pound even faster. His head was against the desk, his chest pressed against her tits while he humped away at Katie's pussy with fervor. 

"Shit I'm gonna cum! Oh fuck, fuck!" Tim's balls contracted as they pushed a second load up into his shaft. It burst out the tip of his dick, buried deep inside of Katie's cunt, and began to fill her. "Oh god, I'm fucking cumming in you. Fuuuuck. Uhhhh." Tim continued slamming into Katie, his cock contracting as shot after shot burst into her pussy. His second time cumming didn't last as long as the first and he began to slow his hips, finishing with a hard and prolonged thrust to really fuck the cum as deep as possible. They both lay still as their breathing returned to normal.

Tim pushed himself up and began to pull his dick out. He was already soft, spent. The second his shaft was out, his load followed. Katie smiled and laughed. "See, I told you you could cum again! Maybe next time we'll go for three!"