 Summer in Australia is like two girls riding bareback naked, hotter than Hades. You can’t move without thinking of yourself and someone else and with someone else in some form of entwined position, hands roaming, lingering, tongues touching, licking every bit of flesh within reach. Sweat beading, running down in tear droplets on the back of the thighs, down behind the knees where it falters to go any further because your position has changed and it now runs back from where it came, adding to the moisture that is all ready accumulating in your g string. 

Despite this wetness there is no relief from the hot feeling that courses through your body like the blood in your veins. Every bit on fire, yearning for some relief yet pleased by the sizzling sensations that summer sends.

Every day of summer makes me feel like this.

The intensity of this feeling is at it’s most strongest when I travel late afternoon from my work in Sydney, to my home on the coast, fifty minutes of torturous pleasure, especially when the air conditioning on the train is down where I wish so many other things would be. Most days the ride home is silenced by the noise of the train, everyone hot and tired from a long day at work, eager for their homes, families, backyard swimming pools or if lacking that, the drive to the nearest beach. 

I wanted for none of those things. I wanted to savour the taste of this heat for as long as possible. It possessed me, made me think of nothing but the heat and what I wanted done to my body and what I wanted to do to others. It felt steady and constant like the flame of a candle, sometimes wavering in the burst of a breeze, but always lit with fervour.

It was on a day, early January that the temperature rose to 42c, you couldn’t eat lunch outside for it was like a fevered sickness from going from outside into the sun, to back indoors to the falsified air that was frozen. 

The passion, the rage that had been building up since the first days of summer were about to erupt. I could feel it as I walked to Central Station. The tightness of my skirt confining it within, the high heels I wore with every step became tighter and tighter, binding me in blind rage to the pathway I walked. My pantyhose imprisoned my g string against my flesh, the jacket I wore constrained my breasts that wanted to spill out into the open, be damned to those I passed and feel the sun’s rays burning into my skin. Everything about my outfit screamed bondage to me at that moment. I could feel the devil’s teardrops running down my back, soaking my white blouse. I had chosen not to wear a bra this day because I knew it would send me over the edge, rubbing against my nipples. They too were now erect without the help of this rubbing and I longed to have someone’s mouth covering them, their tongue circling, suckling, taking me deeper and deeper into the madness I knew I was suffering from.

I stepped onto the train just before it pulled out. I was thankful that today’s ride home would be blessed in silence for it was still school holidays and there would be no children, teenagers to chatter as they do. It was also an earlier train then what I usually get, before rush hour so maybe I would have the carriage to myself ... just maybe.

I sat in back of the last carriage. There was no one else with me in the lower deck but I did hear someone upstairs. It still wouldn’t prevent me from doing what I had planned to do. The seats in front of me faced the way we going, both on the right and left hand sides, you could move them from one side to the other so you can travel facing either direction. I needed some room so I pushed the one in front of me forward. It was the tiny part of me that was of a cruel and evil nature that stopped me from pleasuring myself right then and there. I groaned in frustration at this decision but knew I wanted to wait for a few moments longer. 

We passed station after station and as the sun shone through the windows, I was blinded by the light, my vision seeing waves of red and purple. Gently I closed them and begun. I removed my jacket and undid the buttons of my blouse, starting from the top working halfway down. This way if I had the worst kind of luck with some school holiday camp boarding halfway through I could easily fix myself without ruining any of the kiddies for life. Freed finally, I cupped my breasts in pure bliss, squeezing them gently, passing each finger over my nipples. I moved my fingers to my mouth running them over my lips, sucking each one, rolling my tongue around them inside my mouth. 

Arching my back, I dragged my hand down my chin and neck, in an open palm like someone about to choke me with one hand but moving to the collarbone instead, gently brushing the fingertips back and forth as I trailed down to my breasts, circling the nipple of one side, and then moving to the other, increasing the pressure slightly until both were erect. I moaned as I had been aching for this touch for so long. I wanted someone else to be doing this to me, to be taken, to be touched, so my own hands were free to play. 

My right hand slid down from between my breasts, past my belly button inside my g string and curled itself around. My left hand moved back up to my breasts to continue the touching, my legs opening themselves without conscious thought as my skirt pulled itself up with this action, exposing my thighs to the air. I moved my legs like I had one of those thigh masters, imagining that I was squeezing it in and out. I brought my right hand back to my mouth, to again lick and suck my fingers, to taste my taste and wet my fingers further to trail back down past my waist. 

The feeling of wanting something hard inside of me was overwhelming. The emptiness of this consumed me and try as I might, I settled for my fingers. I moaned and shivered at the same time, the coldness of my fingers from where I had sucked them to the warmth of my insides, a stimulating combination that I had to repeat. Inch by inch I went further into myself, I raised my legs to the seat opposite me and I was at my most deepest when I heard a whispered, “ My God!” which didn’t come from my lips. It didn’t sound like revulsion or from someone who would object to my state, it sounded like shocked lust.

My eyes opened, with fingers still in place and breasts exposed to see a tall, well shaped man in his late twenties, on the edge of the seat across and opposite of me. He had ice blue eyes, intense eyes that looked straight through me, past me. His features were almost feline in appearance, alabaster skin, his hair at first glance was short and a deep shade of brown. On further study, I could see it was long enough to be pulled back into a ponytail and tucked under his jacket. He was a suit! From jacket to tie, pants and polished shoes. The jacket gave the illusion of broad shoulders.

Slowly I removed my hand, I thought I heard the man whimper at this. “ Please, don’t stop.” It wasn’t a command or that of begging, just a simple request. I wanted to go on, I wanted to continue and have an audience while I did so, but the evil part of me wanted to withhold what I was seeking and he saw this in me. The man stood up, almost having to hunch himself over because of his height. He offered his hand to me, which I took, pulling me to a standing position facing him. Gently, he brought my hand to his mouth and sucked my fingers, tasting me, something which no one had ever done before. Each finger was given individual attention, his eyes firmly focused on mine. When he was satisfied doing this, he lent towards me, kissing my lips in a long hard embrace, and walked away from me towards the other end of the carriage.

“Next stop, Whitmore Station, followed by Tacoma, Pacific Plains and all stations to Richmond.”

Whitmore was my station, I finished redressing myself, stunned that I didn’t stop the man. I guess I had more things on my mind, like finishing what I started. I was a raging fire that kept consuming forest after forest with no sight of ending. This summer heat!

The sun was still high, with a sweltering temp, my hands kept running down my neck as I tilted my head to one side, imagining someone sucking, and biting the skin. I’ve always found that the walk home is always the longest. My heels still sliced into my feet, and they too like my breasts, longed to be free. At my front door, I collected my mail, a parcel and searched for my front key in my handbag. Without warning, strong arms circled my waist from behind, and lips found the spot of my neck that made everything else disappear but the sensation. I turned on an angle and saw ice blue eyes dropping everything at the front door.

“I figured you needed some help, otherwise you might torture yourself forever.” he whispered into my ear, sucking on the lobe.

“And would that be so bad?” I replied.

“After what I saw yes because you’d be torturing me.”

I turned and faced him, kissing him as he kissed me, tongues duelling in fierce battle, neither one of us wanting to break this flesh connection. Like a scene from a movie, we went into the house, shedding clothes as we went to the bedroom, a trail of lust left in our absence.

“What do u want?” he asked.

Grinning at him, “I want to play!” 

I went to my knees in front of him, taking the base of his cock with my right hand, my tongue teasing the tip before I took him in my mouth, running my lips down his cock taking him deeper and deeper. I repeated this as my left hand begun to massage his balls gently, every so often I would alternate what I was doing. He groaned throwing his head back, eyes closed, the power I yielded was overwhelming. Just as he was about to cum, I stopped what I was doing, he also stopped me at the same time.

“ My turn!” he evilly grinned at me.

He pushed me back on the bed, sucking my nipples, it was all I could do from not cumming then and there. He kissed me once more on my lips then moved to my hip. His tongue circled the hip bone moving across to my belly button, his tongue never leaving my skin. He made his way to my clit, pushing on it, sucking it, my eyes rolling back in pleasure. He licked my lips, up and down pushing into me harder and harder.

“I want you to fuck me, I want you inside and I want you now.”

Without hesitation he lifted me up, my legs straddling his waist as his cock entered my burning cunt. I held it in my body, squeezing gently with my muscles as we moved together. Every time his cock was thrust up into me, I screamed “Harder!”. I wanted it hard and I wanted it rough. I pulled him closer to me with my legs, trying to be more apart of him then I all ready was. My nipples firm and erect brushed against his chest before I arched my back. I bit his lip, and pulled myself off him, going on all fours. Again without hesitation he rammed his cock deep inside of me, my breasts swaying at the force he used.

I pushed myself back on him, his balls slapping against my arse. He was so long and thick, he filled every inch of me. “ Oh god yes, that’s it, harder, fuck me harder.” My whole body was rocked back and forth with each thrust he made. In and out, drawing his cock almost all the way out before ramming it back in up to the hilt. I brought my hand round to my clit, and begun massaging it, the first waves of orgasm finally descending upon me. I felt a strong erupting sensation within me from him, as he came collapsing on top of me. I told him not to move, and to stay inside me, I wanted him inside for as long as possible.

“Hi hon, I’m home.” called my boyfriend from the doorway.

“Hiya, how was your day?”

Grinning at me, “Pretty good, but not as good as yours I can see... who’s your friend?”

To Be Continued?