 The sensations thundered through his body. She was going down on him for the first time since their relationship began. To try and describe the exact thoughts going through his mind is almost impossible. The best this author can do is to say it felt like the first orgasm he ever had during his first successful masturbation attempt. Except it kept going on and on much longer than that first ejaculation took.

It was the night of their first “real” date together. He was going out of town for a few days and had invited her to dinner. He not only wanted to impress her, but also really wanted to show her that he knew, or at least think he knew, how to treat a woman. He had brought her to his favorite restaurant. The one on the top of the hotel in the ritzy part of town that he reserved only for special occasions.

It by all means wasn’t their first date. The relationship had begun as nothing more than friends more than 10 months ago. They were co-workers. He was in a relationship at the time, and she was mostly single, dating now and then. They flirted a lot, as they were genuinely attracted to each other, but he stayed loyal to his commitment with the other woman, and she respected him for that. But his relationship ended and he had quit the company over a salary dispute. They kept in touch through email and he invited her over to his place one night to hang out. They didn’t sleep together that night but instead just enjoyed each others company over drinks and laughter. He invited her out two weeks later to meet his friends at one of his casual hangouts. They drank beers and talk about everything and nothing. Later, they shared their first kiss. She had stayed the night, and the next one also.

Dinner was excellent and the company even better. Her eyes sparkled and he was at his charming best. After a couple of slow dances in the piano bar they headed to his place. Entering his home they went right to the stairs leading to the bedroom. Not a word needed to be said. He entered first and turned and leaned against the tall bed, standing yet half-sitting as well. He watched her enter the room behind him, stand directly in front of him, and leaning over to whisper in his ear, “I am going to give you the best blowjob you have ever had” in the sweetest, sexiest voice he had ever heard.

The only light in the room was coming from the scant moonlight shining in through the window blinds. She knelt before him, never taking her eyes off his. She began to deftly unbuckle his belt and lowered his slacks, prompting him to step out of them when they reached his ankles. He began to unbutton his shirt and remove it as she grasped his cock and began to gently stroke it up and down. He looked at her once again and saw that she was staring at him with the most sensuous expression he had ever seen.

“I want you to cum in my mouth.”

And with that she lowered her lips to his cock. Taking it into her mouth for the first time, slowly at first, then a little faster, then slow again. Her hand stroking him in rhythm with her mouth, just the way he liked it.

“Oh God!!” He sighed out loud. Then he closed his eyes, lost in the million and one sensations hitting his body all at once, but not before glancing down to see her lips slide over his cock one time.

She moaned with his cock in her throat. It was the kind of groan a woman giving a blowjob makes when you know that she’s getting off as much as the man is. The sheer knowledge of knowing she was giving her man such intense pleasure turned her on immensely. She knew that soon she would be playing with her already dripping pussy with her free hand, but for now she wanted all her attention directed on him.

She continued her assault on his cock. Never once relenting lest the pleasure he was receiving be interrupted for even a moment. Her mouth glided up and down his thick shaft, coating it with saliva with which her trailing hand used as gentle lubrication while continuously stroking him. She knew it was the first time he was receiving a blow job from a girl with a tongue ring, and she flicked it over and over the underside of his cock, just below the crown. She could resist no longer, and using her free hand, lifted up the dress she was wearing and buried her fingers down the front of her white lace panties.

Opening his eyes once again, he looked down towards the most wonderful sight that never ceases to amaze him. She was stroking him now while staring at his dick, moistening her lips with her tongue. He knew in a moment he would enter her mouth again, and a whole new series of sensations would begin. In the dim light, he could see her hand between her legs. It was dark, but it was obvious to him what she was doing. And that only served to heighten his already steaming sense of arousal.

She felt it while stroking him. He was close. She wasn’t sure how she knew, but she did. A hardening of his penis, flexing in her hand, perhaps it was the aura of all the sexual pleasure he was receiving forming into a great mass and moving to focus on the center of his crotch. A sensation that would begin there and at it’s peak, move outward to the rest of the body, and particularly, the mind. Probably more commonly known as the point of no return.

She opened her mouth and swallowed him, sensing his eyes watching her. Taking his entire cock into her mouth, she slowly began to withdraw while swirling her tongue around and under his length. Holding the head of his cock in her mouth, she stroked him faster and faster as she flicked her tongue at his penis and again ran the ball of her piercing against his most sensitive area.

His body tensed. A split second later, his cum gushed from his cock. Thick, hot spurt after spurt he came in her mouth. Her hand slowed slightly, but her gripped tightened, firm but soft. She was intent on swallowing it all and succeeded. The movements her throat and jaw making as she gulped his semen adding to his pleasure.

Reaching down he grasped the base of his cock, and squeezed in just the right way that only he could know how to do. She had all but forgotten her own needs and leaving him to bask in the afterglow, lay straight back on the floor. Her focus shifted away from him and onto her quivering pussy. She had her middle fingered buried inside her and began to furiously masturbate her clit with her now free hand. Arching her back while she came from a thunderous orgasm, she opened her eyes and saw him stroking his still hard cock. His eyes were watching lustfully the movement of her fingers as they continued to unleash wave after wave of pure sexual bliss through her body. She still had her panties on, but watching her and knowing what she was doing without being able to actually see was all the more erotic to him. He came again as her orgasm delightfully subsided, and she watched him shoot another good-sized load onto her legs and thighs.

He reached out his hand to her, and lifting her up off the floor he held her tight while they kissed passionately. Of all the great firsts he had ever had, this first was the best.