 We've met at the airport, and are driving to my home. We are making small talk when I look over and see you've made a tent in your pants. I immediately feel my nipples harden and my pussy getting hotter. I reach over and lightly rub your crotch, asking you how come you are so excited. You tell me that you realize now that I was telling you the truth when I told you it was not a very flattering picture I sent to you, that I don't look as innocent as you thought I did. That I am a very sexy lady and I turn you on very much. 

I remove my hand from your crotch and return it to the steering wheel. We drive for a couple of minutes. I am deep in thought and don't say anything, which makes you nervous. You ask me if anything is wrong. I tell you no, everything is wonderful, that I am very happy you are here, and that I am very excited. I explain to you that having you with me is a dream come true, that we are going to have a wonderful time together, that you are going to enjoy very much the time we will spend together. It has been so long since I have been with a man that I am going to be insatiable for days, that we are going to do so many erotic things together, and if there is anything you want to try just ask, because I want to try everything. I want to make you cum so much you'll think you've died and gone to heaven. I want to cum so much that my knees will be weak and I will have trouble just standing. 

I glance down between your legs again and see the tent has become even larger, and that there is now a wet spot on your pants. I see what I have said to you has excited you even more. You confirm that the idea of being each others sex toys has excited you very much. I ask you to trust me, to do what I ask, that if you do, you will remember this as the best time you ever had for the rest of your life. You tell me you trust me, if you didn't you wouldn't have come all this way to be with me. I am satisfied with your answer. 

Suddenly I turn of the highway on to a less traveled road. This road also leads to my home, but is much darker and very isolated. We drive for a couple minutes, then I pull over to the side of the road and turn the cars headlights off. I keep my foot on the brake so if anyone comes up behind us they know we are there and won't run into us. I tell you to get out of the car and remove your shoes and pants. You look very scared and very nervous. I assure you that you can trust me, that I wouldn't do anything mean like leaving you out in the middle of nowhere, in the dark cold night. You take a deep breath and open the car door. As you stand next to the car you realize how cold out is is. You feel your erection shrinking, your balls drawing up close to your body in an attempt to stay warm. You remove your shoes and stand there, not knowing what to do next. I tell you to hurry and throw them into the back seat, get your pants and underwear off and get back into the car. I don't want the inside of the car to become cold. 

You do as I say and are now sitting next to me in the warm car, your clothes in the back seat. I tell you not to forget to put your seatbelt back on, so you do. Your hands are trembling as you do so. I ask you if you are shaking from excitement, cold, or fear. You tell me it is a little of each. I am disappointed and tell you you need not have any fear, that my only goal is pleasure for the both of us. I reach over and touch your semi erect cock, rubbing it gently, cupping your balls with my warm hands. I bend over and lift your cock, stick my tongue out and lick you slowly from your balls all the way to tip of your cock. Your erection is now back fully, and I see a drop of pre cum . I scoop it up with my finger and rub it over my lips. So delicious, I think you must taste, so I kiss you, first rubbing my lips against yours. You keep your lips closed, so I run my tongue over them and push it between your lips. I hear you moan, and you open your mouth for me. I explore your mouth with my tongue, kissing you very passionately.

Suddenly I break the kiss, turn the headlights back on, and continue driving . I look over at you and see you are very excitied. You are staring out the window, with your hands clenched at your sides. I can see your cock in the lights from the dashboard, so big and hard and beautiful. It is sticking up and bobbing and twitching from the movements of the car, and from your excitement. I tell you that I want to watch you stroke it, play with it, but not to cum. You take your hand and slowly begin to slide it up and down. You start moaning and pump it even faster. I tell you that you must not cum, that you should slow down. You have a hard time complying with my wish, so I tell you to stop. You return your hand to your side.

I remove my right hand from the steering wheel and open my coat. I pull the right side of my coat back, so you can see what I am wearing underneath. I have a white satin blouse on. It clings to my breast. I rub my nipple through the material. It becomes very hard and erect. You can see my nipple through the blouse, and are very excited by the site of it. There is a river of precum coming from your cock. It twitches violently. You are VERY excited. You feel like you might cum without even touching your cock. I slowly pull the blouse up over my breast, and tuck it under so it will not fall down. I reach over and take some more of your pre cum and rub it into my nipple. It is so shiny and hard, and it is sticking out about 1/2" from the rest of my breast. I rub and pinch and pull on it, teasing you. You ask if you can touch it, and I say yes, but only with one finger. I return my hand to the steering wheel as you reach over. You touch my nipple very lightly, rubbing your finger in circles around it. It feels so good, all hard and erect and sticky, just like a miniature cock. You can't take your eyes off it, and long to have it in your mouth. Your are about to ask if you can do this when I push your hand away and cover my tit with my coat. Your face is crestfallen, and you look so sweet. I explain to you that we are approaching the town we have to go through to get to my home. You ask if you should cover yourself, and I say no, no one will see your cock down there, but someone passing in a car might see my exposed breast. 

We drive through the town, it is about 2 miles from one end to the other. You think it looks like a very nice town. There is snow on the ground, and all the businesses still have their Christmas lights on. It looks like a picture postcard town. We drive though and are finally on the other side. We are getting very close to my home, only a few more miles to drive. As the town disappears behind us I reach down and lift my skirt. It is very short, so I don't have to lift it very far. I push my panties to the side, and slip a finger into my pussy. It is so very hot and very wet. I tease my clit for a second and then push my finger inside. It feels so good I moan out loud. I remove my finger and rub it under your nose and on your lips, so you can smell and taste me. I push my finger past your lips and fuck your mouth with it. You are moaning and sucking my finger, it tastes so wonderful. I put my hand back on the steering wheel and slow down to turn a corner. You say "please may I touch your pussy?" I tell you it is okay. Go ahead. I spread my legs as far as I can as we drive the last mile to my home. 

I slow the car down, I don't want to drive off the road. You reach over and pull my panties to the side. Slowly you rub the outside of my pussy. The lips are so soft and smooth and puffy with arousal. Very gradually you begin to open my pussy, feeling for yourself how very hot and wet it is. You rub the inside lips, and occasionally tease my clit with your finger. I am having trouble concentrating on driving. We turn another corner and we are on the road that my home is on. Suddenly you push your finger all the way inside. I groan and you can feel how tight my pussy is, the muscles are squeezing your finger very tightly. You pump your finger in and out very slowly, making me very hot. 

I feel like I am going to come. I take my foot off the gas pedal. You have two fingers in my pussy and are massaging my clit. I am going to cum, and I am going to cum very hard. We are coasting down the road, it is downhill to the end of the road and my home. Only 1/4 mile left to go. You lean over and start rubbing my breast while you are playing with my pussy. OH I'm cummming. You can feel my orgasm, my pussy muscles contracting around your fingers, and a rush of my juice gets your hand very wet. Your cock is longing for some touches and some relief. I stop cumming and you remove your hand. We are parked in my driveway. The fun has only just begun...