 She couldn't believe that she was actually going through with it. After months of exchanging hot e-mails, she was finally going to meet her online lover in person. She dressed exactly as he told her to: black leather mini-skirt, low cut, tight white sweater, hair down, black stockings and 4-inch heels. She felt so slutty, but knew this is what he, and she, wanted.

She opened the door to the bar and made her way to the one empty table by the back and positioned herself to watch the door. Several men came by and hit on her, as well as some women, but she turned them down. All she wanted was him. She glanced at her watch. He was late. Maybe he backed out. Maybe he didn't want her anymore. Maybe...

Then he caught her eye, making her way through the crowd. Her heart skipped a beat. There he was. Tight jeans, white t-shirt, all muscle. He came up to her table, and took her by the hand. No words were spoken as they made their way to the dance floor and began moving to the rhythm pulsating out of the speakers.

He pulled her close and had her straddle his leg for some tight dancing. They gyrated and pumped in time to the music, one of his hands on her ass, the other on her waist. She had both hands on his ass and their eyes were locked and full of lust. Their lips met and they began a slow, passionate kiss. Slowly their lips parted and their tongues began to wrestle, heating up the kiss. Suddenly, they couldn't get enough of each other. Their tongues entwined and they pulled each other closer, hands running up and down backs, touching, grinding, moving with the music. She felt his cock hardening and he was sure that he could tell how wet she was. When the kiss was finally broken, they looked at each other and made a dash for the door.

They were barely outside when he pushed her against the building and leaned into her for another deep kiss. This time his hands rubbed up and down her thighs, almost making contact with her dripping pussy. She wanted him to touch her, to find out she was not wearing panties. He pressed his growing erection into her and pinned her against the wall. They didn't care who was watching. All they wanted was each other.

They broke the kiss and almost ran to his truck. He hopped in and pulled her in on top of him, kissing her hard again, then moving her to her side. He pulled out his cock and she didn't need any more coaxing. She leaned over and admired his cock. It was even better than she had dreamed of from their conversations. 8" long and easily 4 inches around, already oozing precum.

She slowly licking the droplets off the end while moving her hand toward the base. He moaned as her tongue probed the opening at the same time her hand found his balls. She began rubbing his balls as she took the head of his cock in her mouth. She looked up at him as she slowly took the rest of his length in, gagging a bit until she got used to the size. After she got used to it, she bobbed her head up and down, moving a bit faster each time, hearing his moans of pleasure. She slowed down when she sensed he was getting too close and began teasing just the head again. When she figured he'd rested long enough, she went to town again.

He moaned and she could feel his hand squeezing her ass, trying to move closer to her pussy. She scooted closer to him and suddenly his hand was there. She could here his gasp of surprise as he found her secret. He slowly began massaging her hot pussy, his fingers getting soaked with her juices. She moved faster on his cock, sucking it all the way down her throat. That did it. He took his hand out of her pussy and put it on her head to hold her there. He began bucking his hips upwards and suddenly he spurted load after load of cum into her waiting mouth. She gulped down every drop, and when he was done, she let go of his cock and sat up. Looking at him, she wiped her mouth on her sleeve and smiled.

He was still hard and wasted no time in putting the truck into gear and driving to a deserted parking lot a few blocks away. When they parked, he pulled her into another deep kiss and began pulling her skirt up until it was bunched around her waist. He began slowly fingering her hardening clit while massaging her tongue with his. She moaned at the feel of his rough fingers on her sensitive area. He moved in a slow circle from her clit to her wet hole and back again, teasing her with a little tip of his finger sliding in then leaving again. She pressed down against his hand, letting him know how much she wanted it. Suddenly, she felt two fingers press inside her tight pussy. He began moving them in and out and she moved her hips in time with his finger fucking. 

He slowly leaned her back in the seat until her pussy was wide open to him and continued finger-fucking her and licking his lips. He removed his fingers and bent his face down to her now dripping pussy. He licked around her clit, blowing on it and his warm breath almost made her cum. She wanted him to suck it so bad, but he wouldn't. He moved his tongue down and inserted it into her hole. Then a finger was rubbing her clit at the same time. The sensations were wonderful. His tongue was moving in and out of her hole. She felt a hand moving across her ass and toward her opening. She felt a finger pushing at her hole. Then it was inside her, one finger in her ass, one on her clit and a tongue in her hole. The sensations were too much and she began to moan and scream in orgasm, gush after gush of her cum spewing all over his face. He lapped it up and moved with her bucking hips.

As she came down from her orgasm, he gently placed her back in her seat. They put their clothes back together and he drove back to his apartment. She didn't protest at all, because she still wanted to feel his cock inside of her. 

He parked the truck and helped her out. They locked in a passionate kiss against the side of the truck and pulled apart only for fear of someone else seeing what they were doing. He lead her up the stairs to his apartment, and unlocked the door. They were barely inside before she had her clothes off again and was working at his zipper once more. He needed no further prodding. He had his clothes off in record time and pulled her in for one more passionate kiss.

He reveled in the feeling of her hot flesh pressed against his, feeling his cock hardening and being trapped between their bodies. While he reached down and fondled her ass, she reached down and began stroking his cock. Without warning, he pulled her up by the ass and lowered her down on his cock, never breaking the kiss. She moaned as his cock filled her and moaned louder when he began moving her up and down on it. His pubic hair rubbed her clit on every down stroke and it wasn't long before another orgasm was building inside of her. As she was on the verge, he stuck a finger inside her ass and that sent her over the edge. He felt her pussy contracting on his cock and her tight asshole flexing on his finger as she came. He tried to hold back but her writhing and screaming sent him over the edge and he filled her with a load of his hot cum.

They slowly parted and went into the bedroom...

to be continued...