 Though I'm married to my husband now, in our first encounters we were simply boyfriend and girlfriend, and so that's why I put this under erotic couplings. There's no hardcore sex here, but there is encounter of the sexual kind. This occurred back when we had just graduated high school and it was our summer before college. We were working at the college for the summer.

The first couple days at our summer job was pretty typical. You try to get a feel for the land, try to see what the people are like, test the waters to see what you can get away with, but overall nothing too special.

It was two weeks into our summer job that my boyfriend and I decided to meet up before work so we could spend time together. We still lived with our respective parents, and mine were especially strict, that I couldn't really go out with my boyfriend. Yes we were both over 18, but I respected my parents and their rules and f they wanted me home at a decent time (before the sun starting going down) I listened. 

My boyfriend's parents, however, would let him stay out as late as he wanted to. The fact that we weren't gonna get paid until the end of the summer was also a bummer. No money meant no gas. So we spent our time together in the early mornings before work.

Being the little adventurer, my boyfriend eventually found us a secluded room where we could stay. Most of the time we were the first to arrive at the student break/study room (I forgot what it was called), since we were the ones to turn on the lights ourselves. Occasionally we would look into the room only to see some people had already hogged it. Those damn studious people! But on the days we had it to ourselves we took advantage.

It first started with him and me making out. We hadn't had intercourse yet, though we did have lots of heavy petting, and even some stroking and fingering.

Now the following is all approximated, but it is basically all chronologically true, and for those of you who haven't read my other stories, my husband and I are of Latin descent, me with my sun-kissed complexion, him a little darker. I'm a petite woman, with good C sized breasts on small frame, which make them look bigger, and a good sized butt also. My husband is kinda the athletic type, having been in sports all his life, and is about a foot taller than me.

The first time we really took advantage of our discovery, we seriously made out. I pounced on him and he caught me. What we loved most about this room is a little 'hidden' cubby to the right side of the door. When you walk thru the door you see pretty much a big room in front of you. On the right side, however, there was a little nook that you had to round the corner to get to. Vending machines were located there on one wall, and of course in front of the vending machines was open space. This is where you would have found us if you had been a student at this college that summer.

So there I was embraced in my lover's arms, him holding me up by hugging me, his arms around my back, me with my hands on the sides of his face, holding it so I could smooch all over him. We pretty much spent that 'first' day kissing each other. I was always worried we'd go to work smelling like saliva, but no one ever complained.

The second day was similar to the first, except he lowered his hands so it was between my pants and my shirt, in the little area that appears when you raise your arms above your head. He was sweet, taking it slow.

Then the third week we were now dry humping each other. It first started with us standing up. He'd bend down a little, his rock hardness pressing against me, making me feel very good. Remember, I had already stroked him to satisfaction and he had already fingered me to explosion, but that happened months before and in a secluded part of a park. Though my parents were strict, they did allow me to stay out late on certain occasions, like Prom and Homecoming, and that's when we did the nitty gritty.

Feeling his hardness pushing against me felt so good, and the fact that we were still testing the waters to see what we could get away with was even more exciting. See, it wasn't like we got in and had the whole room to ourselves for the full hour. No, we would go in and HOPE we had it to ourselves. Many times, I'd say one out of three times, somebody did come in. But we were horny, and just because one day we almost got caught did not mean we were gonna stop the next day. We needed to get further faster, but still do it in a way that would allow quick recovery.

Dry humping, though, good at first, was quickly not becoming enough. 

Then one day I decided to unzip his pants and reach in and feel his hardness, and all his precum got all over my hand. At first I was worried about the smell, but found it quite sexy if I'd lick his juices clean from my hand as he watched. One of the hardest things happened when he'd be very hard and I'd be slowly stroking him (it's not easy to stroke a guy off quickly while your hand is down his pants, at least I couldn't do it) and then the door would open. I was able to get out of there after a short while. My boyfriend, on the other hand, had to wait until his hard mast had been brought down. 

Then the next time we met he did the same to me, but I have always been a fast cummer, and shortly after his fingers found my pussy, which was completely drenched in my juices, he toyed around in there, touching my insides and then going around to outside. It's funny at first. Like now, he's an expert lover. He can make me cum in under a minute. Back then he was still learning, so he probed around awkwardly, but me being young and super horny, I got off on almost anything. 

It didn't take much to bring me to climax, leaving him to suck his fingers greedily of all my wetness. I may have been a really lucky girl, but nobody ever came thru the door as he fingered me. Being short on time, though, we figured we only had time for one sexual perverted act in that room. Once we passed the safe time, we simply settled for heavy petting, which was still fun. Basically, we got there at or slightly before 7am, we played for 10 minutes where we thought there was little chance to be caught, then the next 20 we could do heavy petting and moaning and still be ok, the last 20 minutes we were very cautious.

I wasn't a whore or anything. I was known as the good girl in my school and in my community. He was kinda the tougher bad boy, who was also pretty smart. Otherwise I might have even let the others in the break room join in.

Then the last ten minutes, from 7:50 am to 8 am we spent getting ourselves ready for work, which was at 8 am one building over and downstairs.

There was no real lunch break, because we had to spend it watching the kids (our summer job was kinda like babysitting school children), and after school was over my dad was waiting for me, and my boyfriend had to go to his classes.

So timing was of the essence, and finding the break room locked was detrimental to my loins. 

But finding it open and unused was always a boon.

Though we never got fully naked, allowing him to roam his hands all over my body was always exciting. 

One of the final positions we would do is he'd sit on the floor, and open his pants and pull them low enough so his underwear would rub against me. It was much nicer than his hard jeans, and I'd have a simple skirt on that made things easier to get to, lol. 

So I'd straddle him and lower myself to his boxer covered cock, feeling it push against my panties. It felt so good, me in white cotton panties that were pretty thin it was way better than dry humping through jeans. Then he'd reach around and grope my butt, pulling me harder onto him. The times he'd get away with putting his hands under my panties was even hotter. Feeling his hands on my bare ass was so erotic and so naughty, knowing we could be caught any second, and when the door would swing open loudly, I'd bounce back up onto my feet and he'd lay there with his backpack covering his crotch (sometimes the students coming in would go directly to the vending machines) and I'd pretend to be deciding what to buy.

I'm sure the smell of sex wafted thru the air. But that I didn't care about. As long as we weren't caught red-handed then they couldn't prove we were doing the naughty.

But I loved it when we'd do that. Maybe for the entire last two weeks we would spend them on the floor, me sitting on him facing him as I grinded on his cock. It would have been quite exciting if he'd have gone in me, but one, it would have hurt (I was a virgin) and two, it would have been hard to have gotten rid of the stain.

But that's what young lovers have to deal with. Any kind of pleasure we could get. Oddly enough, it was easier for him to get into my panties than it was for him to get into my bra, so that's where his hands spent most of the time during the first part of the hour.

The very last day I decided to go without panties, but with a longer skirt, and he wore his regular pants (if he were to have been allowed to wear shorts things would have been much better). Like usual he sat down and unbuttoned his pants and pulled them down a little so his stiff member was only covered by his boxers. I discreetly sat down on him, trying to keep my skirt low enough so he couldnt tell i didnt have panties on, but he definitely felt something different, and the little bugger reached underneath and started to rub my clit so good as soon as he figured it out. Then he reached around back and cupped my butt cheeks, squeezing and kneading them in his hands. 

We really didn't wanna stop our grinding because it was feeling so good, and I decided to be even naughtier and reached behind me and undid my bra. Then I pulled one strap through my right sleeve and did the same for my left strap, whisking it out from under me in one swift movement, and to his staring eyes and gawking face. 

I could have left him gawking him but decided to move things along by grabbing his left hand and slipping it under my blouse, that way he could have the best of both worlds. His right hand gripping and squeezing and slapping my left butt cheek, his left hand squishing and pulling on my right tit. It felt so naughty yet felt so good.

Then I popped my left boob out and held it up and pulled it forward so he could feast on it, and feast on it he did. You have to remember, we were quite young back then and his manipulations were quite immature, but I think the fact our bodies respond to stimulation so quickly when we're young makes up for any awkwardness that we do, and even though his sucking on my boob was not necessarily hurting me, but definitely wasn't pleasuring me, our overall touching was incredible, especially considering anyone could waltz in all of a sudden.

He, however, was certainly enjoying punishing my boobs the way he was, and I did hold in my little cries of pain as he sucked and pulled and chewed on my boob. Nowadays he's much more tender, but it takes time for one to learn.

It didn't take long before he had to let go of my boob and put his hands on my ass again to grind me harder against his cock. I really wanted to whip my blouse off but decided to hold it above my boobs by picking it up form the bottom and putting my hands by my shoulders (like mardi gras flashers). This left my boobs open for his viewing pleasure and let him really grind against me.

We continued humping each other, my bare pussy feeling his rigid member, with only a simple cloth between us, his strong hands gripping my ass hard and pushing and pulling me back and forth. My heaving tits moving around in a crazy manner. Their softness and suppleness in front of him, with my eraser-like nipples poking forward, begging for him to suck on them but, because of our rapid movement, he was unable to. All he could do was stay staring at them bouncing and shaking around obscenely.

The thought in the back of my mind of us easily being caught was bringing me to another orgasm. Who knows how many I had had, I never keep count, but he loved it when I got them. It made my boobs shake even more violently, as they jiggled like crazy with my little convulsions. I was wishing he could do everything, grab and squeeze my ass, fuck me hard (though we were only grinding at the time), squeeze and play with my tits, and fill my mouth with his tongue. 

I was so hot from our lovemaking I could feel sweat on my body, but I didnt care, and after going at it for at least twenty minutes, he finally stopped. For a second I thought it was because he was tired, but when I looked down I saw his cockhead had come out of his underwear and had been grinding against my bare pussy, back and forth across my lips, for the last couple minutes, which caused him to climax and spew cum all over his belly. Somehow he did not get his shirt dirty.

It was so hot that I finally made him cum at the break room, while he had brought me to orgasm many times before . 

For the remainder of the time in the break room I stayed braless, a little treat for him to see my boobs sway as I walked and moved here and there. He quickly hopped out of his jeans and used his underwear to clean himself of his cum, then tossed it in the trash can. 

He came over to me, gave my boobs one last hard grope over my shirt and then I put it on and we walked off, leaving that room for the last time, never to see it again.

Again, this was written as a first draft, and is a true account of what we did a long time ago.