 He walked in, dressed to impress in a brand new gray suit, knowing that's what she liked the most. She immediately noticed him from across the crowded room, and they locked eyes. He looked her up and down and took in her gray, skin tight dress, matching while still outshining his suit. She saw him looking, and turned around to give him a better look and what she planned on offering him that night. The dress perfectly accentuated her already incredible ass, so tight that the fact she wasn't wearing any panties underneath it was apparent. His heart dropped to his stomach when he saw her ass, and he felt the blood in his body rush downward. 

The plan was going to be dinner, but neither of them had any interest in that. He made his way across the room and without a word planted a kiss on her, slyly sliding his hand down and gripping her ass tightly, sending a shiver down her spine. He glanced down, getting a good look at the cleavage she was happily showing off. 

She gradually moved her hand down through the course of their conversation until she ran her fingertips over the bulge in his pants, smiling at the fact that her mere presence turned him on. He slightly jumped at the touch, and they both let out a small laugh. Then out of nowhere she grabbed his hard cock over his pants to get a feel of what he had to offer. Her eyes brightened as she found her right palm completely full of the surely at least 8 inches he had to offer. 

She removed her hand and let out a slight giggle, which turned him on. Knowing she was excited, excited him all the more. "You like that?" He slyly asked. If he would have been able to see the wetness that was beginning to drip down her inner thighs, he wouldn't have inquired. After a brief conversation, the dinner plans were forgone in favor of going up to the hotel room they'd booked. They entered the elevator, and as the doors closed she threw herself at him, kissing him passionately against the elevator wall. He slid his hands over her right breast, her nipple just hard enough to feel over her dress. Down his hand went to the bottom of her short dress, before they went up until his fingertips were damp. He rubbed his fingers over her clit as she bit his lip, then sliding her tongue into his mouth against his. She breathed heavily as he rubbed her clit, getting her even wetter than she was before. Then without warning, he slid a finger inside of her. She gasped at the pleasure, while he expressly showed bewilderment at just how tight her pussy was. They'd had conversations where she'd claimed to have a great pussy, but nothing could have prepared him for this. She herself had been wondering for some time if the cock she'd seen in pictures would even be able to fit inside her.

The ding of the elevator filled the small space, and they both quickly adjusted themselves. She looked longingly at him as he playfully licked his fingers, thoroughly enjoying her taste, eagerly waiting for more. As they reached the door to their room, she pulled the keycard out of her bra. As she inserted the card into the reader, he pulled himself close to her, the hardness that was waiting to be set free from his pants pressed up against her ass, making her want him so much.

The entered the room, and as the door slowly swung closed, they practically attacked each other. Finally finding some footing against the wall, she tore his suit jacket off and threw it on the floor behind them. Without a care in the world, she tore his shirt open, sending buttons flying everywhere. She ran her hands down his smooth chest and over his abs. Without warning, he then picked her up by her amazing ass, kissing her hard against the wall. In all one move, he set her down and unzipped the back of her dress. Without hesitation, she slid the dress off, revealing a cheetah print bra that accentuated her already perky tits. She undid the bra and ran her hands over her boobs, grabbing them, knowing he especially liked that. 

He leaned down and buried his face in her chest as she threw her head back with pleasure. She ran her fingers through his hair as he ran his tongue in circles around her nipples, flicking it against them as they rested in a light grip between his teeth.

The moment calmed down if only for a split section, and she flirtily walked her way to the bed, giving him a great view of her perfect ass as she did. She then crawled on the bed on all fours, the wetness on her thighs glistening in the light of the room. She then laid on her back, and spread her legs, running a single finger from her lips, down over her tits, over her tight stomach, and down to her much, much tighter pussy. She began rubbing her clit as he looked on, hardly able to contain himself. One hand gripped on her breast, playfully tugging at her nipple, the other hand slowly slid two fingers in and out herself, getting her wetter with each pass. All she could think about was filling it with his huge cock,

When he couldn't take it anymore, he dove onto the bed and buried his face into the perfectly shaven, work of art that was her beautiful pussy. He slid his tongue up and down it, taking in her taste. He flicked his tongue against her clit, sucking it into his lips and running his tongue back and forth against it, feeling her tug at his hair every time he did so. He slid his tongue in and out of her, using a finger to rub her clit. By this point, the entire bottom half of his face was soaking wet, and he wouldn't have it any other way. She guided his head up to hers, and kissed him passionately, revelling in the taste of her own amazing pussy.

She then pushed him back to his feet and scooted forward to the edge of the bed. She gazed up at him, marvelling at his shirtless body and the bulge practically bursting from his pants. She unbuttoned his pants, her heart beating rapidly. She then slowly unzipped them, half full of excitement, half of wonder if it was really that big. When his pants were fully undone, she took a grip of his boxer-briefs and prepared to find out. She lowered his underwear, and finally saw it. His already rock hard cock nearly hit her in the chin as it escaped from its enclosure. She gasped. "What?" he asked coyly. "...it's so...big." she whispered.

After just gazing at it for a few moments, she took it in her hand. She could barely wrap her fingers around the thick shaft. With her other hand, she took a grip of his big balls, which made him return one of the many gasps he'd caused her just moments earlier. She ran her hand back and forth on his huge, shaved cock, stroking it slowly, getting a better idea of what her pussy was going to be treated with shortly.

She then kissed the tip that had been begging for her attention. And she kissed it again. And again. Before she realized it, she was practically making out with cock. Her tongue swirled around the head as she gently sucked. She licked the sides up and down, getting it as wet as she could. She knew he wanted her to put it in her mouth, and she knew it was driving him crazy with every second that she didn't. She took one of his balls in her mouth and swirled her tongue around as she sucked on it, stroking his long dick all the while. She switched to the other and slid her hand back and forth even faster. When she felt he'd finally had enough punishment, she looked up at him, directly in his eyes, wrapped her lips around the head of his magnificent cock and moved her head downward.

He moaned as she filled her mouth with him, taking every inch in as she sucked her hardest. Her hands gripping and rubbing his balls, she slid her mouth up and down, absolutely loving the feeling of him pushing against the back of her throat. She wrapped her arms around his legs and pulled him forward, shoving whatever was left of him down her throat, then stuck her tongue out and ran them against him balls. With a gasp for air, she took his dick out of her mouth and ran her lips up and down the entirety of his shaft. She sloppily ran her tongue along his balls, before spitting on his cock to give it extra glide in her hand.

She looked up at him again, her eyes begging him to fuck her. He obliged. Without a second thought, she backed up on the bed and opened her legs. He crawled up to her and got his dick in line with her pussy. She leaned forward and wrapped her hand around the solid cock she was about to enjoy and guided it to her pussy. He rubbed the head up and down, turning the teasing around on her. His throbbing cock slid up and down her pussy, the head hitting her clit with each pass. Without warning, he slid a bit lower and then inside. 

Her body clenched up in pure ecstasy as her pussy was filled like it never had been before. She felt every inch of him slide into her, over and over and he stroked in and out. He went slow, enjoying the feeling of her pussy gripping his dick, then fast, enjoying the sound of her moaning as he sucked her boobs while pounding away. While still inside her, they rolled over, and she was now on top of him. 

She glided her hips back and forth slowly, feeling a whole new angle of pleasure. He got two handfuls of her ass and guided her hips, back and forth, so fast. He screamed with pleasure as she arched her back, her full, perky tits providing a perfect view for him as he looked up. He then flexed his midsection, sending his cock as far inside of her as it could go. She once again gasped, and struggled to find her voice. "You're so deep." she managed to whisper. 

In all one motion, he moved her legs towards her head, and rolled her over, then put her legs on his shoulders. He slid in and out of her, proving to her that he wasn't as deep as he could get. She felt the tip of his cock in her stomach, and if she wasn't sure of it before, she was now: she was in love with his cock. He without a doubt returned the sentiment. Her pussy felt like magic around him, tighter than any other he'd experienced. This was the only pussy he would ever want for the rest of his life.

She stood up and got on all fours, and he got behind her. He grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled back as he slammed his cock in and out of her as hard as he could. "I'm close..." she whispered. He didn't stop. He pounded her pussy as much as he possibly could. Every inch brought her closer to her goal, and she began breathing heavy. He reached forward and cupped her boobs in his hands, gently pinching her nipples as he thrusted his hips back and forth. Suddenly, her pussy tightened up even more, and she screamed. She gripped the covers of the bed as her body tensed up. He pulled his dick out of her, leaving only the tip inside, as wetness poured down his long shaft onto his midsection and onto the bed. She looked back at him, sweating and breathing heavy. She wanted to return the favor. After revealing that he was close, she again sat on the edge of the bed.

She sucked his cock harder than she ever had before. She spit on it before taking every inch in her mouth and down her throat while she vigorously gripped his full, throbbing balls. She told him she wanted him to cover her in his cum. She jacked him off with one hand, gently squeezing his balls in the other. She felt his cock pulse a few times before he practically exploded. She opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue. One shot of cum hit her on the cheek, another on the chin. The next made it onto her tongue and dripped down. The next three shots drenched her tits, before he refocused his aim on her face. Two more blasts of his warm cum covered her other cheek and coated the rest of her tongue. She sucked the remaining cum out of him and rubbed his balls, making sure she got every last drop.

She kissed the tip of his dick and flopped her back down on the bed. She grabbed her perfect tits and squeezed them with pleasure as she swallowed the cum that had found its way to her mouth. She admired him as he stood before her, his cock slowly getting softer, while still looking just as impressive as it had hard.

They were perfect for each other. He absolutely needed her pussy in his life. It was a drug, and he was an addict. She worshipped his cock, and couldn't get enough of it. This was the first time they had ever had sex, but it was essentially the induction ceremony of a lifelong sexual relationship that would never grow stale, one that would never need to be "spiced up", as they were made for each other. They explored each other's interests and forever had the most mind-blowing sex one could ever ask for.