 Dinner was wonderful. 

The initial nervous laughter gave way in minutes to genuine enjoyment and the ease with which the comfort level rose, surprised them both. 

Of course the food was good but Steve was sure that by later in the evening he would not be able to even remember what he had ordered. His attention was focused on this beautiful feminine creature and although he knew he would be able to remember every look, every scent and every touch of his companion, all other details would be lost in the strength of these sensations. 

As coffee cups were being refilled, he remembered his first look earlier in the evening. Of course there had been the photos, she had shared but they had not done her justice. Two-dimensional photos could never capture the allure of this woman. She had the rare ingredient that made a mature woman the most attractive thing in the world...an element of self-confidence with delicate feminine appeal. Most women age poorly, not in the physical sense but life experiences can harden so many. When a woman truly grows from her trials she maintains the ability to give herself and show the inner beauty. A wise man can recognize and treasure the gift. 

But she had much more than just inner beauty. When he first noticed her step into the lobby he was struck by the wondrous curves of her female form. She had chosen her outfit with care; he could imagine that she did not grab the first thing in her closet, but she had considered the impression she would make. She had succeeded...first round to her! 

She saw him as he stood from the low chairs arranged like hundreds of other hotel lobbies. He hoped she was impressed for he had chosen his wardrobe also. The tan slacks with the blue blazer and bright tie. An attractive but reserved combination...he hoped she was impressed but it is almost impossible to tell with a woman like her. 

She, on the other hand was stunning in a dark blazer also. There was a fitted gray skirt that extended below her knees but with a slit on the side that extended high enough to be truly interesting without any question of moral integrity. The skirt followed the curve of her thigh as she walked in a way that took his breath away. The single button on the blazer was fastened but displayed a bright silk blouse with a collar that fell away from her neck into an enticing "V" showing a definite fullness beneath the blazer. 

Her smile ruled the scene with a welcome that melted several hours of his nervous anticipation. Not hours, he remembered...days...weeks. Their handshake proved a delicious first sample of her warm touch. The disparity in their heights provided an exciting contrast. 

They turned and walked the short steps to the restaurant. A typical crowd for the restaurant of a prestigious hotel in the city; enough activity so that they did not feel self-conscious but not so crowded that they did not have their choice of a quiet booth. He stood and offered his hand as she sat onto the soft padded cushion. She turned her legs but seemed to linger just a moment when the slit opened over her lovely thigh encased in black stockings. It had to be his imagination he concluded. 

He sat quickly and answered the young waiter's smile. A glass of wine for each they decided and he paused to explain a house special. Steve struggled to pay attention but his eyes were drawn to her. She easily focused her lovely eyes on the young man allowing Steve to steal glances at the stunning features. Perhaps she had decided she was unimpressed...still so hard to tell. 

After the young waiter departed the conversation flowed easily and the courses of the meal moved by almost un-noticed although Steve remembered that the meal was one of his best ever. Perhaps the mind accounts for more in taste that the food...an interesting question. 

A free exchange of stories, childhoods, life-experiences with some tragedies shared to show that they were both experienced life-travelers. Almost in an instant two hours and a full meal had passed. They both passed on the offered dessert tray but opted for coffee. As the waiter left the table she decided to visit the ladies room and he stood quickly to assist her from the booth. She took his offered hand and he enjoyed his position above her as she slid to the edge, her blazer opening delicately and he enjoyed the beautiful fullness below the open neckline of her blouse. She stood and excused herself and promised to return quickly. He sat and was pleased that her destination was away from his side of the table so that he could enjoy the sensual movement beneath her skirt as she walked away. A delight. 

The coffee service came and in the distraction he realized she was back at their booth. He stood quickly as the waiter stepped away and again offered her his hand. She looked up at him and smiled and teased about his gentlemanly manners almost distracting him enough to realize the blazer was unbuttoned now. As she slid into the booth she pulled the sides of her jacket apart to arrange them and arched her shoulders to straighten in the cushion. He could not help but notice the wonderful womanly curve as the silk blouse fell over the fullness of her breast. 

He returned to his seat and needed a second to recover his composure. Her smile showed him that once again she had outplayed him! 

Great coffee and he settled the check and asked if she was ready to leave. "The restaurant" she asked? He blushed but recovered quickly to say that she was always free to leave any time. They laughed and with an unspoken understanding stood to leave. He offered his arm and she linked her arm willing in his. They walked from the restaurant. He could feel her hip against his. 

They re-entered the lobby and walked toward the elevators. If he had misunderstood, this was when she would pull away or worse yet... She did not and continued her easy laughter and seemed to press closer as the neared the elevator. A meeting must have just ended as a fairly large group of excited people, all wearing plasticized name tags with the logo of some corporation in the corner moved behind them into the elevator. Steve backed against the back of the elevator and eased Sharon in front of him to allow the others to enter. After a long day of meetings no one wanted to wait for even the next elevator. 

His hands moved easily to her shoulders and slid down the side of her blazer. She backed fully against him as the group moved to allow the doors to close. He knew that she could tell that he was enjoying her presence as she pressed back against the front of his slacks. 

The elevator had cleared a bit as they arrived at "his floor" and he eased her forward to indicate this was where they would leave their new friends. They slipped from the car and moved out into the openness of the floor lobby. He again offered his arm and they moved down the hallway. They paused as he slid the key card into the lock. The door opened and he pushed the door aside for her to enter the small suite. 

He turned on a light and offered his hand to lead her to the center of the room. He turned to face her and offered her his other hand, holding her arms aside, stepping back and drinking in her beauty. "You are magnificent" he said and now it was her turn to blush. "Let me look at you" he continued. 

Now he stepped toward her and although he sensed she expected his embrace he simply placed his hands gently at the sides of her face. He approached her slowly and gently and eased his warm lips to hers, Very gently, almost not touching. He sensed she wanted more but drew away with a smile. 

The look on her face was obvious confusion and when he stepped slowly behind her he could tell she did not know what to expect now. He continued and placed his hands again on her shoulders, his large hands covering her shoulders. He massaged her shoulders gently and felt her ease slightly, his fingers caressing her neck and she eased her head back toward him, lengthening the area for his fingers to gently explore. She relished his gentle touch. His fingers found the collar of her blazer and traced down the lapels, touching only the fabric. He knew now that she wanted him to continue his caress but was confused by his actions. 

Now his fingers grasped the lapels and eased the jacket open, he paused for a few seconds and then drew the blazer back over her shoulders. She arched her back to assist and the blazer was drawn back and eased down off her arms. He stepped away to place the blazer gently on the sofa. He stepped back to her, placed his hands gently on her shoulders and began tracing the neckline of her blouse, enjoying the warmth of her skin, tracing the shape of her ears. He could sense her confusion but hoped her arousal matched his. 

His hands slid down her shoulders and arms and found her hips. He eased her back gently to him and now there would be no doubt as she felt his hardness. He held her hips firmly against him for several seconds and bent his head down to find the exposed skin on the side of her neck. His lips tasted her skin and she tilted her head to the other side to offer him more. Gentle kisses, covered her neck. She began to breathe more intensely; he could tell she was pleased. He looked down the deep open neckline of her blouse and could see her bra press outward against the thin fabric of her blouse. Her scent was captivating. Delicate, feminine... 

He stood again and her skin seemed to give up his lips reluctantly. He eased behind her one half step and his fingers traced the waistband of her skirt, tracing to the front and easing her back to him once again and then sliding back to the center easing her just away. She felt his fingers easily unbutton the single button and he felt her breathing increase, faster and deeper. She knew his intention now and her pulse quickened. 

She felt his fingers pull the waistband slightly and felt the zipper ease down the back. The skirt did not fall, he held it up, building the tension; she knew that he would decide when it would fall from her hips. Her skin was electric. She felt him draw close to her again, his lips once again on her neck and she leaned back to him. His lips traced up her neck and found her ear. She felt his lips close to her ear and she heard his whispered voice, gentle but firm..."I'm going to strip you". 

Her knees went weak. Of course she had realized his intentions and welcomed them, she knew she could leave any time she wished and felt no sense of danger. Somehow hearing him say that though, was an incredibly erotic moment and she felt her legs grow weak and her skin flush. She felt her nipples rise firm against the fabric of her bra. 

Then she felt the waistband part and the skirt slid easily down her full hips. She felt Steve move down and to her side slightly and offer her his hand. He knelt and she moved her hand to his shoulder to steady herself as he helped her step out of the circle of the gray fabric. He placed the skirt carefully on the sofa and as he stepped away she suddenly felt chilled, perhaps even vulnerable. In an instant he was back behind her and she felt his hands smooth the hem of her blouse against her sides. She hoped he enjoyed her choice of the black thigh-high stockings...he mentioned once that he liked stockings and she noted that for the future. She moved back against him and felt his arms move around her hips once again pulling her toward him. His hands slid down her hips. She felt him ease away slightly and felt his fingers unbutton one cuff and then the other. His hands again traced over her shoulders and found the neckline. Her skin ached for his touch but his fingers only met the fabric, gently raising it by finding the first button and easing it open, 

The others followed and she now knew she wanted to be naked for him...needed to be naked for him. She enjoyed the deliciousness of his ritualistic attention but her clothes were now as if they were on fire and needed to be away from her skin. Soon enough she felt his fingers at her collar again and felt him direct the thin fabric over her shoulders and felt it fall to the floor. He made no move to raise it. She knew she had every ounce of his attention. 

He was behind her again and his fingers were over her shoulders again. He saw her breasts rise and fall with her breath, he saw her nipples press against the thin fabric, reaching out to him. She arched her head back toward him. She felt his fingers slide under the straps of her bra and they were slowly eased off her shoulders. She felt the delicious instant as the weight of her full proud chest eased from her shoulders to the cups of her bra. 

Time was moving slowly, she thought she could feel his fingers find the hooks at the back but she was almost trancelike now. She felt the fabric tension as he released each hook. She expected the bra to fall and her breasts to be completely displayed for him. She wanted him to have them but no; he held the garment closed around her. Then she felt the fabric ease and the weight of her breasts pushed the bra to the floor in front of her. He moved slowly in front of her and stood two steps away. Her eyes were closed but she knew he was enjoying her. He spoke. Her eyes opened and were drawn to his sparkling eyes. 

"You are truly magnificent". 

At that moment, even though she was still clad in panties, stockings and her high heels she felt more naked than she had ever felt for a man. She had never enjoyed being so exposed before. 

She saw the pleasure in his eyes as she saw him step toward her and kneel in front of her.