 We met last year at a Christmas party, her wit and sense of humor matched mine perfectly. After the party, we exchanged emails and often talked on the phone, getting to know each other intimately. Both married, it started as a friendship, meeting for coffee or lunch and eventually turned into something much, much more. One of her emails sticks in my mind, "I need to supplement a portion of my life that's empty. I'm not into boys, I prefer a mature, charming, sensual man that is very oral." When I read that, a smile crossed my face, after all I am mature, charming (well, really not sure on this one), sensual and very, very oral. 

After that email, we exchanged many more and talked on the phone for weeks before finally decided to get together. When the day of our date arrived, I was extremely anxious and nervous, anticipating the upcoming tryst. Yet I was also fearful, fearful that I wouldn't please her. As the rendezvous approached, I wanted to drive past her house, just to be close yet I also wanted to call and cancel. Oh, the dichotomy. 

Finally the time arrived and I'm at her door, knocking. Butterflies are everywhere inside me but I knew this were meant to be. Wow, it seemed like forever before she responded and the butterflies turned to condors. Finally the door opens and I enter slowly, cautiously, not completely sure what to expect. The room's dark, lit only with candles as soft music plays in the background. I strain my eyes searching for her, finally locating her as the door closes behind me. 

Wow, I'm awe struck, mesmerized by what can only be described as a goddess. I knew she was beautiful but I didn't have a true appreciation of how sensual and sexy she was. About 5'4" with long, silky, brunette hair almost to her shoulders, beautiful green eyes that seemed to be glowing and a Cheshire grin on a sensual mouth made for kissing. She's dressed in semi-transparent baby doll top with matching panties and she's barefoot. Her partially visible body, completely hairless, could easily be described as statuesque with large, perky 36C's, a toned midsection around 26", and hips made for loving, probable around 33" or 34".

She's nervous, after all this is a first for both of us. She starts to speak but I put a finger to her lips, reach out and pull her body to mine. Our lips meet for the first time in a passionate, sensual, tender kiss. "Yes" ran through my mind as I realized that my first impression was correct, her lips are made for kissing. Her arm circle my body as I pull her to me, close. She's moaning as I tenderly caress her statuesque form, my fingers gliding over every inch of her sexy body. 

Slowly, I raise her baby doll top and slip it over her head, our lips separating for only seconds. Moving to her breasts, I take each in a hand, caressing, fondling. My thumb glides over the tips and her moans increase as her hips start rotating. Gently, I position the nipple between my thumb and index finger and roll it between with the slightest pressure, her moans turning to whimpers. 

Our lips separate as I move down to suckle her neck, my fingers continue to play. Then further down her front, taking her left nipple in my mouth, my tongue etching circles around the tip, eventually nibbling. My hands move down her body, playing and teasing, then start nudging her panties down. Her head's back, her knees seem weak, she's moaning encouragement, trying to direct my attentions. Slowly I kiss and caress the left breast, then the right, again kissing and nibbling. 

Soon her knees buckle and I catch her, picking her up and again our lips meet. Silently, her right arm slips around my neck and she directions me with her left. Left, right, left and finally we're there. I gently lay her on the bed and, quickly disrobing, join her. Again we're kissing, caressing. My left arm eases under her head as my right hand resumes roaming, caressing every inch of her exquisite form. 

Slowly, tenderly my hand moves to her breasts, teasing her nipples as her hips gyrate, her whole body's aching. My hand roams further south to her belly, pausing at her bellybutton to caress and fondle. Then further south until I feel the hills of Venus, again pausing to caress. Wanting to prolong the sensations, I lift my hand and reach to her inner right thigh, touching and teasing her thigh while inching closer to her vagina. Then I repeat the process on her left inner thing, moving up further and further until I'm almost there, kissing passionately the entire time. Back and forth, right thigh, left, then right again, caressing and teasing each while lavishing her with deep, passionate, tender kisses. 

Silently I remove my hand and position my body on top of hers, our hips grinding together as our tongues play. Moving slowly down to her neck to kiss and caress, then further down to her chest to nibble and tease, then even further south to her bellybutton. She's in agony, moaning, almost begging as I continue my southern migration. 

When my chin touches the hills of Venus, I sit back, grasp her right foot and raise it to my mouth. Her eyes open, startled at first then that Cheshire grin returns. From emails I'd learned of her foot fetish and I wanted to touch upon each of her fetishes. Sensually, I kiss and caress each digit, easily gliding between while sucking and nibbling. Grasping and raising her left leg, I place both big toes in my mouth and suck and tease. Her eyes are again closed, she's still smiling, purring, enjoying the sensations. Then to her left foot, gliding between the digits as I kiss and suckle. 

Slowly, tenderly, I start kissing her up right leg, stopping at the knee to caress and fondle the tender area behind. Then further up, caressing and teasing until I'm at her inner thigh. Sitting back, I repeat the procedure on her left, stopping at the knee to kiss and suckle, then further north to her inner thigh. Grasping and pulling at my hair, she tries to reposition my head but I resist. Moaning, whimpering, the sounds excite me as I concentrate on teasing her, ever so close but still miles away. I kiss and caress the crease where her leg joins her torso, licking and teasing. Then across to the crease on the right, my lips glazing the area between. 

To me, there is nothing more enjoyable or sexually exciting than orally pleasing a sensual, sexy woman. With my head between her legs, I revel at the challenge before me. Cunnilingus is a true art form and, as a student of Aphrodite, I'm always striving to improve my abilities. I've found that the area surrounding the vulva has hundreds, maybe even thousands of sensors and each enjoys stimulation. From the inner thigh, the fold where the leg joins the torso, the labia majora, the perineum, the hills of Venus, the labia minora, and most of all the covered and uncovered clitoris, stimulating each brings untold pleasures. 

Just as an artist addresses the canvas to coax forth an image, so must an individual performing Cunnilingus, using the entire body as the canvas. And, just as the artist develops techniques to enhance the image, so must one performing oral sex. My techniques work for me because I've learned to read the signs given by a woman's body. 

With my new lover, I start slow, kissing and licking the area from the crease to the labia majora. As my tongue gets closer and closer to the labia minora, she repositions her body in an attempt to bring her vagina into play. It's to early for vaginal stimulations, so I move across to the other side and repeat the stimulation, from the crease to the labia minora, ever so close. Again, the repositioning and again I switch sides. 

This may sound curl, but actually it's not. My lover's lost in sensations and for the most part doesn't even realize what her body's doing. Her eyes are closed, she's moaning almost purring, lost to everything except the intense sensations between her legs. With each switch I move closer to the labia minora until my tongue eventually touches the outer lips. Not wanting to ignore any areas, one last switch, moving closer and again touching the outer lips. 

It's time for a new tactic, and this one is another slow teaser. Starting at the perineum, my tongue traces the outer lips of my lover, up one side, bottom to top, looping while avoiding the clitoris and down the other side, top to bottom. Across the perineum and up, circle and down again. Each cycle moves closer to the inner lips and my lover's in heaven, her hips are off the bed, she's moaning and has started massaging her breasts and playing with her nipples. 

Forming a U-shape with my tongue, starting at the bottom, I place the upward legs of the U over the outer lips, the tip of my tongue touching the slit between. Then moving bottom to top, my tongue flicks my lovers hooded clitoris for the first time and her body jerks, almost spasms. 

Once at the top, down one side, U-shape, bottom to top, down the other side. Over and over with each pass increasing in pressure causing the lips to separate. Finally, I flick her uncovered clitoris for the first time. Each flick causes a jerks, almost a spasms, and with each pass going deeper applying more pressure on her clitoris. She's so close, her hands are back in my hair, pulling, trying to direct my head. 

Again, I resist directions, having yet another tactic I love. Raising my head, opening my mouth as wide as possible, I cover her vagina completely and suck everything into my mouth. My tongue separates the lips and I enter her for the first time. The vacuum created from the sucking causes the clitoris to become even more engorged and it peaks from under the hood for the first time. My upper lip glides down to massage the exposed clitoris while my tongue searches deep inside, searching for the textured area, the elusive G-spot. 

My lover has stopped the moans and purrs, replacing them with near screams and a repetition of "OOOOOOOOhhhhhhhh's". Her hips are even higher off the bed, her body is tense, her arms, now at her sides, occasionally pound the bed. Her face has turned bright red, and any visual description would have to include intense arousal. She's ready to explode as I continue to move my tongue deep within, searching. I know that a simultaneous G-spot and clitoris orgasm is intense, and I long to please my lover as much as possible. 

Deeper and deeper my tongue penetrates, searching until finally it touches the edge of a textured area, and going just a little deeper I find my quest, the elusive G-spot. Maintaining the vacuum, I rotate and slide my tongue across this sensitive spot while simultaneously stimulating her clitoris with my upper lip. My lover's Oooohhhh's have turned into short, repetitive "Ah Ah Ah" and then she shouts "I'm cuming!!!" and screams "Aaaaaaahhhhhhhh". Her body's tenses, her hips buck and as she thrashes and I fight to stay attached, watching her face closely while she reaches her plateau of pleasure. 

The "Ah's" seem to last forever and maintaining my position's difficult, eventually being thrown from my lover. Gazing across her body, watching her closely, her reddened face, tightly scrunched eyes, furrowed brow, I know that the lady has reached a level of pleasure sought by many, attained by few. Her orgasm is as special for me as it is for her and I want her to enjoy, no relish the sensations. 

Some ladies are "tender" after reaching this plateau, so I move up and kiss her. Laying my body on top of hers, our hips grinding, she kisses me with an intense, sensual, passionate kiss having much more feeling than before. Separating for seconds, my lover whispers "Thank You", provoking a large grin, not a grin of satisfaction but a knowing grin, a grin to tell my lover that more pleasures lies ahead. 

Then back to kissing, grinding our hips as she rotates below me. Soon, she's purring again and I start my decent, first the neck, then the breast and then further south. 

Stopping at the hills of Venus, I slowly move down, kissing and caressing until I'm close to her clitoris, only to veer off to the side to caress from the fold to the lips, then the outer lips, circling again bottom to top and down the other side. U-shaped tongue, bottom to top, flick, then repeat the loop, each pass going a little deeper. Each flick causes a shutter or a quick jerk and a moan. 

Pulling my head back I examine my lover, marveling at her beauty. Slowly, sensually I insert a finger, deeper and deeper until I can go no further. Slowly moving my hand back, then forward rotating my hand as I go deep. My lover's back to that zone where she doesn't realize what she or her body are doing, again focused on the sensations, the stimulation. Once my finger is good and wet, I remove it and again attack my lover with my tongue, sliding along from bottom to top, flick, each pass going deeper. Her hips are off the bed and she's moaning, purring, loving the sensations. Slowly, sensually I position my wet finger at my lovers back door and gently move inside her to the first knuckle. 

Stopping, semi-locking my hand in place, my lover moves her hips to force my finger deep within until its fully inserted and a loud "Aaaahhhh" escapes. Reversing, withdrawing my finger, she starts cycling until she's driving it rapidly in and out, each penetration brings a loud "Aaaahhhh". 

Still working my tongue, I pull my head back, open my mouth wide and cover her vulva completely, creating a vacuum and drawing her into my mouth. Using my tongue, I search out her clitoris and start an intense campaign of flicking, bringing her closer and closer to a clitoral climax. With the intense flicking while she's cycling on my hand, she suddenly shouts "Oooohhh, oooohhhh, oooohhhh". 

Remaining attached and continuing to flick her clitoris, I quickly withdraw my finger, causing a slight pop. The volume of my lover's "Ooooohhhhh" increase with the withdrawal and her orgasm intensifies. Eventually dislodged by her thrashing, I glance up to watch her convulse, marveling at this precious act of nature. She eventually returns to earth, spent, exhausted. 

Then, sitting back on my haunches, I grasp a cover and cover up, bent over and kiss her, a deep, passionate kiss. Holding my body above hers, she reaches between us and guiding me, I easily slide in. Finally, fully inserted, we grind deeply, kissing passionately. Wanting my lover to experience yet another intense orgasm, I rotate my hips in a slow, circular motion. As each circle reaches the apex, I nudge her uncovered clitoris and each bump brings shutters. Closer and closer she moves to ecstasy until finally she falls over the edge, exploding in a massive orgasm. She's almost screaming but my mouth stymies the wales as we kiss, she's lost to the world. Convulsing below me, her bucking almost throws me but I maintain my position, continuing the circular grinding. Her spasms seemed to last for hours, and I continue holding her, kissing her and grinding deeply. Finally, she returns and she's almost comatose, completely relaxed, eyes closed, panting, that Cheshire grins' returned. 

Withdrawing, removing the cover, I lay next to her and pull her close, cuddling while she regains her strength. Her chin rests on my chest, her forehead at my neck, her left arm and leg cross over my body, her eyes closed, my lover is content, sated, relaxed, almost comatose. She lifeless for the longest time except for the purring, and then "My god, that was wonderful. Thank you sweetheart." "Ssshhh, just rest, the night's still young." I reply. I didn't think it was possible, but the Cheshire grin grew larger as my lover hugs me tightly. 

Eventually she moves her leg from my body and her left hand eases down between my legs wrapping around my still aroused member. Moving slowly at first, up and down, she coos "What can I do to please you?".

"I've wanted to be in your mouth since I got here" I reply. My lover lifts her head, her hand continues cycling, and kisses me, a passionate, sole searching kiss. Then, smiling, moving down my body, she stops at my nipples and takes the left in her mouth, nursing, gently nibbling. Then the right, again nursing and nibbling. Then further down stopping at my bellybutton to tease. I lay there wondering if my lover's planning on teasing me as much as I teased her, hoping that I would soon release. 

Moving further down, she straddles my left leg, placing her vagina on my kneecap. I know from emails that she loves to stimulate herself with her lovers leg while performing fellatio. I raise my knee slightly so my lover has easy access and await her warm mouth. 

Just as I feared, she starts teasing. While continuing the cycling with her hand, she kisses my sac, teasingly, then takes each testicles in her warm, moist mouth, first one then the other and gently massaging while rolling it around. Next, kissing and licking the sac, she moves toward the aroused tower, only to veer to the side and kiss the area between my leg and my scrotum. One side then the other, well, I guess turn about is fair play. 

Still cycling her hand, she again moves toward the tower, stopping the cycling while licking up the shaft, bottom to top, then back down, gazing at me, smiling while enjoying her all day sucker. Opening her mouth wide, she places the tip in her mouth and rolls her tongue around and around, teasing. She's started moving her hips back and forth on my kneecap, pleasing herself while her warm mouth pleasures me. 

Withdrawing me from her mouth, she blows war air against the tip, sending chills up my spine. Again she's kissing the tip and opens wide and I ease into the warm receptacle. Moving down the shaft, further and further, I slowly disappear. Deeper and deeper, until I can go no further, my lover watching me, a devilish grin in her eyes. Opening her mouth just a little wider, pushing down, I feel the shaft start nudge against something solid, then it bends slightly and slips deeper and deeper. OMG, the sensations are exquisite, unique and I watch in amazement as I disappear further inside her, her nose eventually touching my body. 

Watching me, my lover start to move her head. I reach down and grasp her, one hand on each side of her head, and raise my hips in unison, stopping her after raising about 3". Holding her head stationary, I start cycling my hips, down and up. The sensations as I slide out and in are unique and I quickly move close to releasing. My lover, very aroused, moves her hips quickly on my knee, and she too approaches the Nirvana. I know that if I continue, I'll explode and deprive my lover of one more of her fetishes, a fetish I too enjoy. So I lift her head, removing myself from her warm, moist mouth and sit up and kiss her, another passionate, sensual kiss. Her hips continue to rotate as she enjoys herself. 

While kissing her, I reach between my legs, grasp myself and start cycling my hand. Separating, laying back, my lover's head is directly over the action, watching, she become even more excited, moving her hips at a feverish pitch. I know her fetish is watching a man masturbate and I don't want to deprive her. Moving my hand slowly at first, gradually picking up the tempo, my lover's moaning while my hand cycles. Over and over, quicker and quicker, I feel the fluids move toward the shaft, and I'm ready to explode. "I'm going to cum!" I announce and I can feel the fluids from my lover cascade over my leg. 

Then it starts. The first shot leaves my body as if fired from a cannon, my lover watching in amazement, moaning almost shouting as she releases in unison. Straight up in the air, at least a meter, and, before it has a chance to return, the second blast. My lover's screaming, moving her hips at a feverish pitch, and I too want to scream, the pleasures of the ejaculation are profound, more intense than any I've ever felt before. 

Over and over I release, copious amounts for what seems like hours. My lover watches each spasm, each shot and each intensifies her orgasm. Finally, spent, soaked, I now collapse, exhausted. My lover also collapses, her head laying on my belly her hair covered with my fluids. 
