 Having enjoyed our afternoon at the beach, we packed up our things and prepared to leave. We took the path that led along the foot of the bluff and then curved around and up to the top. I half hoped to see the people we had heard up there as Jean had jerked me off but there was no one. We continued along the path, and after we had gone half a mile or so I felt the pressure of a full bladder.

"Wait a moment, I need a piss."

I turned away from Jean, walked to the side of the path and unzipped. As I took my cock out, I saw that Jean had moved around and was watching me. 

"Can I watch?" She asked, but she already was.

I stopped mid stream and let go of my cock.

"Of course. You can hold it for me if you like."

She reached out and took gingerly took hold of it.

"This is fun!" 

She giggled, moving my cock around as I started to pee again, hosing down the undergrowth beside the path. But I hardened rapidly, and the solid stream turned to a spray and then pinched off. She circled my penis with her finger and thumb and moved my foreskin back and forth over its swollen purple bulb. It felt good, the cool of the breeze on my knob adding to the sensation.

"Do you need to cum again so you can get soft and pee some more?"

"No, I'm finished. And I'll wait to cum with you at home."

She released my penis. 

"Well, I've got to go now. You can watch me if you like."

Jean moved a little into the undergrowth beside the path. 

"Tell me if you hear anyone coming."

She pulled her jeans and panties down to her ankles and squatted down, spreading her thighs, and started to pee straight away, one hand on her pussy and the other holding the back of her pants away from the stream. I slowly moved my hand on my penis until she had finished, being careful not to cum as I wanted to save it for our evening at home.

"Don't stop, seeing you standing there wanking while you watch me is making me all horny again; it's just so rude. I want to see you make yourself cum -- I know you do it sometimes." She said.

"Another time." 

I put my cock away, knob under my belt buckle as it was too hard to go in the usual way. 

"And only if I can watch you do the same."

"Oh, I never do that, only when you're inside me and I need a bit of help to cum."

"Well, you seem to know pretty well what to considering you never masturbate!"

She didn't reply, just stood and pulled her pants back up. We were soon back at the bike and set off for the ride home. As I navigated around the narrow lanes Jean held on tight with both arms around my waist, but relaxed her grip a little when we reached the main road and slipped a hand under my jacket. She went a little lower and started to massage my cock through my jeans. I guessed she was enjoying some nice sensations too -- the bike (my pride and joy) was a 650cc Triumph Bonneville and she had told me more than once that when she was in the mood the ample vibrations it provided would get her juices flowing. I used to jokingly check the seat for a damp patch after a good ride.

When we arrived back at the house Jean went straight in while I parked the bike around the side. I followed her in and as I closed the door behind me I heard running water. I could see Jean standing by the bath (the bathroom was on the ground floor). She had already shed her leather jacket and was pulling her T shirt over her head, her tits bobbing deliciously as she threw it down. I went to her and hungrily sucked a nipple into my mouth -- it was salty, a mix of sweat and sperm from earlier. She sighed and ran her fingers through my hair, pulling me to her breast. I broke away, to kiss her on the mouth but she pushed me back.

"Take your clothes off, the baths nearly ready." 

I didn't need to be told twice. As I unzipped my boots and jacket and took them off she peeled her stretch jeans down and kicked them into a corner. 

"Never mind the bath, I want you now. Look at this," I said.

I undid and pulled down my jeans and shorts as she stepped out of her panties. My rigid cock pointed skywards. We stood naked a few feet apart, just looking for a moment, and then she reached across and turned the bath off.

"Come here, getting clean can wait," She said.

As we came together and embraced my cock poked into her soft belly. We kissed deeply, and she reached down and grasped me firmly in her hand.

"I've been thinking of nothing else than this since we left the beach!"

Her hand moved slowly on my erection.

"I guessed that. I almost creamed my jeans with all the attention you were giving me. Was it the bike making you horny?"

"A bit, but it was mostly from what happened this afternoon. Anyway, I need it badly now"

"Need what?" I teased.

"This. Your cock." She slid her hand up and down it a little faster to emphasise the point.

I liked her to talk a bit dirty, but she was a little shy about it still.

"Need it for what?"

"To make love."

"What's that?"

"You know. I want to fuck. Don't tease me; I'm too horny to mess around. I want you to fuck me now. I want your big cock fucking me 'till I cum."

"Well, why didn't you just say so? Lie down then, it's your turn to cum." 

She lay down on the floor, legs spread lewdly, with her knees slightly raised. Her vulva was swollen and open, with translucent strands of moisture stretching between her pussy lips. I knelt between her legs, admiring her pussy which was so obviously ready for me, moving my hand slowly on my cock.

"You really are horny," I said and leant forward to go down on her. Usually she loved my mouth and tongue there but this time she grasped my shoulders and pulled me to her. 

"No, I need you now. I'm serious, don't mess around, just fuck me hard." 

My cocked bumped against her cunt and I reached down to guide it to the right place, but her hand was there first and all I needed was a gentle thrust and I was in, popping through the slick entrance into the hot wetness inside. As I started pumping I kissed her on the lips. 

"I love you." 

She liked to hear it said, even though we both knew it implicitly. 

"Me too she gasped," and bucked her hips back at me, matching thrust with thrust. 

"Fuck me harder, I want to cum, I can't wait." 

Her voice was husky now. I pounded into her hard and fast, full length in and out at each stroke. Silence now, except for the wet sounds of sex and the rhythmic slap, slap, slap of balls on soft female flesh. Her hand reached between us, fingers rubbing her at her clit. She crossed her legs over my back, digging her heals in, then I felt her body stiffen and she cried out. 

"Keep fucking, don't stop I'm cuming." 

As Jean came she gripped me hard with arms and legs. I looked into her face. It was flushed and contorted, eyes tight shut. I slowed my thrusts as her orgasm subsided, enjoying the contractions of her pussy against my cock. 

"You're still hard, didn't you cum?" 

"No, you're too wet, I was nearly there but I just didn't get over the top." 

She was smooth as silk inside, tight but so wet there was hardly any friction.

We rolled over, managing to keep my cock inside, and she knelt astride me grinding her pelvis against mine. 

"I'm going to make you cum now; I want your sperm inside me this time." 

She leant forward, supporting her weight on her arms. I looked between our bodies as she started fucking me. My cock glistened with her wetness as it slid in and out of her distended cunt. 

"Oh fuck, I'm cuming again, fuck me," she cried.

When she came, she lost the ability of movement for a few seconds, just going rigid. I held her hips in my hands, thrusting up into her as she came again. I was nearly ready and kept fucking her until she was finished.

"Now me," I gasped, breathless from the exertion.

She started humping steadily up and down on me, banging down hard and then up again until my knob almost slipped out. A few seconds of this was enough. The tension rose until it was unbearable and then quickly dissolved into a delicious throbbing and twitching as I spurted into her pussy.

When the last of my orgasm had subsided she stayed on top of me and we kissed, enjoying the afterglow for a minute or two. My cock softened inside of her, but it still felt good and she slid back and forth a little to prolong the pleasure, grinding our wet pubes together.

"We'd better move, the bath will be getting cold." She said presently and stood up. I watched my cock slip wetly from her. 

She took a step forward, feet either side of my chest, and spread her legs a little wider. 

"Like the view?" 

It looked good to me. Her slightly open crack, a neat auburn bush and a trickle of sperm down her inner thigh to set it all off. 

"Love it." I said, stroking my cock.

"Leave that alone! I might not be finished with you yet."

"Ok, let's hop in the bath then. I'll be right back."

I went to the kitchen and popped a beer for each of us. When I returned to the bathroom, she was already in the bath. I handed Jean a beer and got into the bath at the opposite end. It wasn't really big enough for two, but I slid my legs under hers so that my feet were either side of her hips. Her legs rested on mine, her feet either side of my chest.

We relaxed, drinking our beers for a while.

"Do you want the soap first?"

"No, you take it." I replied.

She soaped her upper body, moving her hands over her breasts and belly.

"I'll do your legs." I offered, and she passed the soap to me. I set to work, soaping her from her feet to the tops of her thighs, but couldn't comfortably reach any further. 

"Come closer, I can't reach the good bits!"

Jean shifted to a kneeling position, legs either side of mine and resting her backside on my thighs. I reached between her legs and soaped her pussy, slipping the soap back and forth. She sighed, and I slid the soap further back between her ass cheeks.

"That feels nice." She said. I let the soap go and explored the bud of her ass with my forefinger, but it didn't open for me. She reached down for the soap and started to bathe my chest, then moved down between my legs to my ball sack. My cock was fully hard again now and she took it in her soapy hand, moving it up and down.

"Are you wanking me or bathing me?" I joked.

"Just making sure it's properly clean for the next bit."

Usually when she masturbated me she moved my foreskin back and forth, but now it was retracted and I enjoyed the feeling of her slippery hand directly on my knob, a different and more intense sensation. She leant forward and kissed me, then wriggled further forward to try to get me inside her again. The bath was too narrow to do it comfortably.

"Turn around and sit on my lap." I said.

I got inside her, but we couldn't move much so she got back on her knees facing away from me and I entered her doggy style. I thrust slowly in and out of her slick pussy, enjoying the view of her pussy and ass. I took my cock out and rubbed the head on Jeans still soapy ass bud, then pushed it back into her pussy.

"Do you want to cum again?" She asked.

"Yes. What about you?"

"Not yet. Take it out and stand up."

"Why?"

"Just do it and you'll see."

I did as I was told, and Jean turned around, knelt in front of me, and took me in her mouth. She held my balls in one hand, steadying herself on the side of the bath with her other hand while she sucked me. She took her mouth off for a moment.

"Cum when you like."

"Are you sure? Why the change of heart?"

"Third time today, it won't be much!"

She closed her lips over me again, sucking harder and moving her lips firmly back and forth on my knob. I groaned.

"I'm nearly there, it's cuming now."

I expected her to pull away as usual, but she didn't. Jean took her hand off my balls and started wanking at the shaft of my cock. Still sucking, she tilted her head back and looked up into my eyes. Her hand was moving in time with her head and suddenly my balls tightened and I ejaculated into her mouth. She kept sucking until I had finished, and then held my cock softly in her mouth as it started to shrink. After a minute or so, still holding my cock in her hand, she turned her head to one side and delicately spat, then sucked gently on my soft cock again for a moment.

"That was great." I gasped. "Thanks. You know how much I wanted that."

"I enjoyed it too, it was like I could really feel you cuming, more than I can when you're in my pussy. I could feel your knob swell and get harder just before the sperm squirted out."

I knelt down and we kissed, pushing my tongue deep into her mouth. 

"Does my mouth taste of spunk?"

"A bit. But as long as it's mine I don't mind."

"Cheeky. Next time you can lick me out after you cum in my pussy."

"How could I refuse after I've just cum in your mouth?"

"Sorry I spat it out."

"That's ok; I don't care where it goes. Actually, it looked quite sexy when you spat, really slutty."

"Thanks a lot!"

"You know what I mean. In a nice way."

We got out of the bath and dried off. As we put our bath robes on, I cast my mind back to the view I had had of her puckered ass bud. It was just a quarter of an inch from her pussy, the thin bridge of skin between the two holes stretching as my cock pistoned in and out.

"Can we try it anal sometime?" I asked casually.

"No way. Never! Forget it!"

I smiled. That was what she had said about cuming in her mouth until today!