 We're walking down the hallway toward your office with me just slightly behind you, letting you lead the way. Very little light, no one around. Just before the entrance to your office, I can't stand it anymore and spin you around to face me. My left hand locks into your right as I push you against the wall, now taking your other hand as well and raising them to just above your head. Now with both of your hands in my left, my other hand slides down your body and takes hold of your beautiful ass. You catch your breath as I first kiss your neck and then breathe in deep, taking in this intoxicating fragrance that is your skin and your hair combining into something that literally makes me weak. There is nothing in the world like this smell that overtakes me and suddenly I find myself lingering and wanting to stay there forever. I start to kiss your neck again, that spot just below and slightly behind your ear, and I hear a soft moan that tells me so much about you. You love feeling me against your body, kissing and touching you. You have unexpressed feelings for me, as I do you. Your bright blue eyes find mine, and I see things. I see desire and fire. I see understanding. You just get me. I still don't know why or how, but you do. Softly, very softly, your lips find my face and my cheek. I can't stand it. How did you know that drives me insane? You really do know me, better than I thought...

It's like we've known each other for years. And well, we have. But not like this. We've been great friends, working in the same industry. In fact, that's how we met. I'll never forget the first time I saw you. I actually couldn't breathe for a minute. My first thought was that I needed mouth to mouth, but you had clients waiting for me in your office so I was in need of composure. Somehow we got through that. I kept playing dumb, asking for your help so that I could just look at you while you spoke. (You still have the most beautiful blue eyes I've ever seen!) I still wonder how much you remember about that night. I wonder if you caught me staring at you so many times with my mouth open. We flowed well together, tag-teaming the clients, like we'd worked together many times before. After that it seemed that we were instant friends and we would work together (so that we could flirt with each other) as often as possible. I know that I would make up reasons to come by and see you. I'm sure you noticed that! Years have gone by now, and it seems that one of us has always had some weird shit going on in our lives at any given time. You've always been in my heart and mind, and I've always wanted you. I know that you know that. We've always had this strong connection thing, like when you look at me that one way that you do, and my knees go weak. So when you suggested drinks after work, I knew that I would at least give you a kiss tonight. The night started with us downstairs having a few drinks at the restaurant in your building. Just like we've done before, but this time was different and we both knew it. Then you walked me back to your office...

Just as I feel I'm about to fall to my knees from the feeling of your sweet lips all over my face, you grab me by the shirt and practically drag me into your office. I don't need to be coerced, I just need to focus for a second. I look into your eyes and once again I'm almost frozen there. You snap me out of it by reaching for my cock, still in my pants at the moment, and you're thinking of changing that. But that's not what I want right now. I want to smell you and taste you. All of you. I take your face in my hands and kiss you deeply. We kiss for a long time, not sure how long but time is not an issue right now. Your lips are everything I've always imagined, soft and sweet – delicious. But it's the passion behind the kiss that I've been waiting for, so long. 

Now on a mission, I'm kissing you everywhere. I reach for your shirt and you simply pull it over your head. Now I'm kissing your shoulders and arms and chest. I reach behind you, unhook your bra and it just falls off of you, exposing your beautiful breasts. You lean back a little and now I can feel the curve of your breast on my face. Kissing, licking and nibbling on them has an effect on you and again I hear you moaning softly. Leaning against your desk, your eyes closed, head tilted slightly back, I look up and take in the most beautiful sight I have ever seen. I can't imagine ever wanting to be anywhere else. Ever. I've got to burn this image in my brain so I pause and take it in, but only for a moment because now, on my knees, I can smell your desire, just inches from my face. Your pussy has been in the starring role of every one of my fantasies for a few years now. And now here I am, sliding my hands up your gorgeous legs, under your skirt I grab your ass with both hands and as my face comes in contact with your skirt, I grind my face into your pussy, only some light fabric between us now – I breathe in as deep a breath as I possibly can, just as you are reaching down to unzip your skirt and let it fall to the ground...

~ to be continued ~