 It was his first visit to the club and after completing the formalities and being shown round by the big busted lady, who insisted on calling him love, he surveyed the scene. There were semi naked people everywhere. Round the bar, men generally wore a towel, sauna style, and the ladies sexy lingerie. Some had their breasts on display others were more modestly covered. 

Perhaps the most unexpected thing was the average age. Sure there were some thirty somethings, but most must have been in their fifties and some a good deal older but the atmosphere oozed sex and it was obvious what everyone was here for: sex, good, raunchy, animal, sex. He couldn't wait to get to the changing room to get his clothes off.

His first port of call was the giant Jacuzzi with its bubbling water and multiple naked bodies. There were rather more men than women, but he had expected that. What he had not expected was the sight in the corner at the far end. He took his towel from round his waist, hung it on a peg and tried to find a seat among all the bodies, slightly conscious of his semi erect cock. 

Most eyes were fixed on the far corner, and for good reason. There was a man sat facing into the water and a girl, kneeling astride, facing him. There was no denying what they were up to as her leisurely rising and falling gave no room for doubt. She was a big lass, such as he could see from her back, hefty and with broad shoulders but was clearly and erotically enjoying a really slow and leisurely shag. 

He had no recollection of watching two people fucking before, except for porn films, but porn stars were doing it for money and it wasn't real. This, on the other hand, was two people having a relaxed fuck because they wanted to and didn't seem to mind the audience. Could it be that the audience was all part of the fun? 

The action continued and continued, they were in no hurry to get it done, she was obviously enjoying the sensation of his cock sliding gently in and out of her pussy while holding him close in the warm bubbling water. Another couple started to caress each other gently as they got more and more turned on by the obvious pleasure being taken in the corner. He was playing with her floating breasts while the movements of her upper arm gave an indication of the attention his cock was certainly receiving.

This was a double first for him, watching two people fucking and a couple masturbating as if it was the most natural thing in the world. Well actually, he reflected, that's exactly what it was: natural. The action continued slowly, no quickies here, so he decided to go and see what was going on else where. 

The stairs led up to the cinema with tiered relaxation couches. A crappy porn film was showing and several men lounged about watching and one, brazenly masturbating slowly, made no attempt to hide the fact. He sat openly on his towel while he toyed with his semi erect cock. No interest here. 

The next room to explore was the couples room. A big sign on the corridor said 'Couples Only' so Individuals could not go there alone but he discovered there was a large viewing area from where the action could be observed. This area was curtained off to prevent the light from outside reflecting off the glass partition and spoiling the view. His eyes adjusted slowly but apart from one couple enjoying the delights of cunnilingus there was not much to see. As he made his way to the next venue he passed several of the private rooms where couples and threesomes or more could go to be alone. 

As he passed one closed door the unmistakable sounds of raw sex were clearly audible. Is there such a thing as an ecouteur? He wondered. If a voyeur likes to watch then surely someone who likes to listen is an ecouteur. Naturally he paused. He found something very erotic about listening to a couple having sex, particularly when the lady in question was clearly getting noisy.

He waited. He listened. She was obviously enjoying what was happening. Were they fucking or did he have his tongue buried deep in her pussy. Was he licking her clit or even taking her anally? It was Impossible to tell but that was all part of the excitement. 

He knew they were enjoying some form of sex. He also knew, from the closed door, that they didn't want to be watched, which made listening all the more exciting. Then the noises got louder and gave way to the unmistakable sounds of a couple fucking. The slapping sound, as he reached full penetration, accompanied by the liquid sounds, as he withdrew again, were quite unmistakable. Another first: listening to people having sex only two feet away: brilliant.

She was getting more and more vocal, as the pace quickened, and his hand slid involuntarily under his towel allowing him to gently stroke his nearly erect cock, the slippery evidence of his excitement already moistening its head. She let out a series of gasps and he decided to move on before it all got too much and came in his towel.

Back to the jacuzzi where the couple in the corner were still taking it gently. His eyes fell on an elderly couple, well about his age actually, who were just chatting to each-other so he picked up his courage and started to chat to the man about how this was his first time and how should he get started etc. 

He was given some helpful advice including the fact that sometimes nothing happened and sometimes there was plenty of action for all. His wife joined in with a few comments from time to time. She could hardly be described as a looker, so he was almost relieved to hear that she didn't 'play' with single blokes. 

The conversation continued while he tried to make up his mind whether or not just to be a voyeur on this first visit. The wife squeezed her man's arm and he leaned forward as she whispered in his ear. Apparently she was happy to make an exception tonight. Now, to be truthful, he didn't really fancy her and had genuinely approached them for information but he was here for the experience so he thought, go with the flow. 

They chatted some more and she sat between them toying gently with his cock, while his hand found its way round her basque to her pussy. He didn't need much encouragement and was soon stiff. Then she suggested they find a space and led him out of the water, her mature breasts more than filling the top of her corset. 

She glanced back at her husband as if to invite him too but he was already occupied chatting to another girl. The towelled themselves dry and she led hm up the stairs. She gave him two options, alone or in the couples room and, voyeur that he was, he opted for the couples room. The scene that confronted him was very different this time, there were three other couples, two of which were intertwined in a most complicated way, with bits all over the place. 

She led him to the side, close to the third couple, spread her towel and indicated that he should lie down, which he did. Not knowing what to expect he was quite surprised when she leaned over his chest and kissed him deeply on the mouth. He reflected on her expertise feeling rather churlish that he hadn't really fancied her, when she slid down his torso, biting his nipples on the way, to plant some little kisses on the insides of his thighs. Hey this was good.

His hands moved to her ample bosom and she looked into his eyes as she sucked his balls right into her mouth. This was a totally new sensation for him and he was happy he had taken the chance. She may not have been a stunning forty year old but her oral skills were amazing. Foreskin held back, tongue on the underside of his cock licking the sensitive join, then she slipped the whole head in and moved her mouth in a gentle up and down motion. 

He started to feel a familiar sensation and knew he would come if she carried on so he rolled over, ready to suck her, when a firm hand pressed down hard on his buttocks. One of her hands slid between his buttocks and a finger sought out his bum, while the other grasped his balls and squeezed. He arched his back involuntarily only to feel the wet firmness of her tongue make circular movements round his anus. This lady was skilful. 

The sensation was exquisite and he knew he had to change position before he shot his load. It was obviously her turn so she reluctantly disengaged from her delightful attention, laid her down and spread her legs.

They were chunky legs with a little too much weight at the top of the thighs but her mons was as smooth as a babies bottom. As he set to work with his tongue there was another surprise in store, her clit hood was pierced vertically, a shiny gold ball resting on top, in view, but the other end was buried in the folds of her hood. He had often wondered about clit hood piercing and assumed it was only the young that did it but she was a mature woman, a really mature woman, probably in her sixties. 

That she was excited was not in doubt, her pussy lips glistened with her juices. Carefully he lowered himself into position for an inspection and applied his tongue to the golden ball. The effect was electric, her legs opened even wider and her hips moved eagerly towards his tongue. She started to wriggle about encouraging him to continue, with her legs now splayed across the mattress.

When the pink petals of her inner lips were fully exposed to view and starting to open voluntarily, he withdrew, slipped on a condom and buried his cock in her eager cunt. Wet, wide and willing she pulled his buttocks towards her. He expected to make the usual fucking movements but her grip was tight, holding him deep and firmly. She told him just to rock gently back and forth and to keep doing exactly that until she told him to stop. The sensation was fantastic and she rolled around excitedly as he pressed the root of his cock against her clit. 

There was no mistaking her orgasm, it was violent and noisy but above all wet. He had never fucked a squirter before and the feeling of being bathed in a woman's hot come was totally new. She smiled, released her grip on him, rolled him onto his back, pulled off the condom and swallowed his cock to the very root. 

Taking one finger she lubricated it with her cum and pushed it gently between his buttocks. Slowly he opened and took the visitor up to the second knuckle. She continued with the blow job moving her finger around inside him searching for his prostate. It didn't take too long. 

After a few minutes massaging his prostate and sucking hard on his cock she felt him go rigid as the first contractions of his orgasm took hold. Her timing was perfect. As he started to empty his balls into her expert mouth, she slowly extracted her finger from his rear and felt his reflex squeeze it out the rest of the way, increasing the power of the last few spasms and shooting his cum deep into her mouth. 

She kept him there sucking gently as his erection subsided giving him an intense sensation of pain mixed with pleasure. The head of his cock was so sensitive now that the feeling became overpowering and he asked her to stop.

"But this is the best bit." She replied, "take it for as long as you can." He grabbed a fistful of mattress with each hand and tried his hardest to comply. God it hurt, but in a masochistic, rather nice way. He hung on. She sucked harder. The pain pleasure increased and eventually he had to beg her to stop.

"Well done!" She praised, "not many take if for that long after they come. My husband gives up after a few seconds because his cock gets so sensitive but I love that bit best of all. Poor little sensitive cock going all soft and delicate with every nerve screaming.

"Come on now, time to return to the Jacuzzi and see what Jack is up to with the girl with the pony tail. If you think I'll be of interest to you again later just come and find me, my pussy likes what you do to her."