 Your office door is open and you are working in your office in the biology department - the biology professor holding office hours on a Friday afternoon. You are marking papers and praying no students show up with questions today. You keep looking at your computer. Wondering if you should go online to look for AngelinNC from the Literotica chat room here at the office.

Suddenly, there is a knock at your office door and you look up to see a woman standing in the doorway. "May I help you?" you ask.

"You're Dr. McDonald, correct?" the woman asks.

"Yes," you reply.

"I stopped in to discuss something during your office hours. You do have office hours this afternoon don't you?" she asks.

"Yes, this is one of my set office hour periods. Come in and have a seat." You notice the soft scent of honeysuckle in her perfume. You extend your hand to greet her "I'm Dr. McDonald. And you are?"

"Angela," she tells you. 

Your stomach jumps. "What a coincidence," you think, "The same name as AngelinNC." "I don't recognize you from any of my classes. Which class are you in?" you ask.

"No, you wouldn't recognize me. I've been auditing your introductory biology class via the university's long distance learning program on the Internet." she tells you. "I happened to be in town and thought I would meet you in person."

"I forgot about the long distance learning program," you say. "Is it working out as an acceptable way to participate in the classes?"

"Oh yes, definitely," she says. 

He smiles at her tentatively, "I hope this isn't out of line but you don't strike me as the typical 18 year old college student."

With a small laugh she says, "Well, I like to understand how things work. I've actually already completed my Bachelor's and Master's degrees and I was looking for a new field to learn about." 

You smile back at her. You have a strange feeling about this whole meeting. Something about her is familiar. Also, you are intrigued to meet a woman here at the university who isn't a coed or another professor. She stands up and walks around to your side of the desk. Grinning at you. With another small laugh she says, "You don't recognize me, do you?"

You look at this woman in wonder; everything clicking in your mind. "Is it you? AngelinNC? From the chat room online?" you whisper.

As you sit back in your chair stunned, she completes walking around the desk to you. She straddles your lap. She reaches down and unzips your pants, extracting your rapidly hardening cock. As she slowly begins to stroke it she says, "So this is the hard cock I have wondered so much about. That I have waited so long to see and so long to feel. It is everything I imagined." You tremble as she strokes and you let out a small moan. 

Suddenly, you panic. "The office door is open. Anyone could see us."

"Yes, they could," she says. "But it is Friday afternoon and the department seemed pretty empty as I walked down the hall. Besides, isn't this one of those thrills we have teased each other with during our chats in the Literotica chat room? The thrill of having each other somewhere we might be caught?"

"Well, yes" you reply. "But I wasn't exactly thinking of my office where my colleagues could catch me. You are a student in one of my classes which could be an even bigger problem and cost me my position."

She gets up off your lap, leaving your hard cock outside of your pants. She walks over to the office door and closes and locks it. "I'm still turned on as can be to think of screwing you here, in your office, where I have imagined you so many times," she says. She walks back your side of the desk again. She stands in front of you and slowly takes off all of her clothes. She stands just slightly out of your reach. Your breathing is growing ragged and your cock has never felt this hard.

She straddles your lap again finally allowing you to touch her body. She presses her breasts against your chest; your hard cock sandwiched between the two of you. Your hands roam her body. From her face to her breasts to her stomach to her pussy and around to her ass. You groan "Ohhhhh, you skin is even softer than I imagined."

She guides one of your hands back to her pussy. "Do you feel this?" she asks. "Do you feel how dripping wet I am from the anticipation of finally meeting you? I have been this way for days now as I've prepared for this trip." 

She leans her head toward yours as she raises herself up slightly to press the head of your cock against her opening. "I know neither of us will last long this first time," she says. "Far too much anticipation," she says laughingly. All you can do is groan.

She slides herself onto your hard cock. Sinking your shaft all the way into her wetness. She looks you in the eye as you each sit still for a few moments, savoring the feeling of your union. Then with another grin she rotates her hips on your cock ever so slightly. That was all it took. You buck up into her once, twice and on the third thrust you cum with a long groan. She watches your face - your eyes squeezed shut. Your face scrunching as you cum. She trembles with a small orgasm too. You open your eyes to see her bright blue eyes staring into yours. You start to apologize "...Too soon, I didn't mean...."

"Shhhh" she says running her finger over your lips. "No apologies. You have several days to make it up to me," as she leans over to kiss you. The first kiss between the two of you.