 Frustrated. I could tell Linda was a bit frustrated with me. Linda and I had been on several dates over the course of about a month and had done nothing more than holding hands and a quick kiss goodnight.

It wasn't her. It was me. She is a wonderful, intelligent, beautiful person, and I'm very attracted to her on so many levels. But I'm a 'slow hand' type of guy that isn't comfortable putting fast moves on a woman. Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of times I'd loved to have been naked in bed on a first date, but I never did. Even with women that are extremely physically attractive, I've never gone to bed with, or even kissed them until we'd been on at least a months worth of dates. And that's where I found myself with Linda.

This isn't something I do on purpose, it's just me. I actually like getting to know someone and feeling some sort of a connection with them before I get physically involved. It doesn't have to be love, just some sort of connection beyond hormones and lust.

Anyway, I had invited her over to my place for 'dinner and a movie' and was cooking a classic steak dinner with mashed potatoes, corn, and of course margaritas. It was a good dinner, the conversation flowed, but I could still tell she was a bit out of sorts about something. I knew what it was and I wasn't playing games with her, but I was also worried she might think that I didn't find her attractive. But I did.

After dinner, we sat down in the living room to watch a movie. Just a couple of minutes into the film, Linda got up, said she had to go to the bathroom. I paused the movie so she wouldn't miss anything, lay back, closed my eyes and enjoyed the nice buzz from the margaritas. I was very relaxed and didn't hear her come back into the room. I didn't know she was there until she had literally jumped on top of me.

I opened my eyes, looked into her beautiful face and smiled as she lay on top of me. She smiled too and asked, "Are you going to kiss me or what?"

I said, "Yes", moved to kiss her, but the instant before our lips touched I stopped and pulled back. She looked surprised and disappointed, but before she could say anything, I smiled mischievously and flipped her over on her back so I was now on top.

I can't remember exactly what I said, but in that moment I do remember feeling a 'connection' with her that was a far more powerful than anything I'd felt with anyone before. I didn't want to just start making out, strip her naked, and have sex... OK, yes, I did. But I didn't. I wanted something more. I wanted an intoxicating memory that we'd be able to share forever.

So instead of kissing her I softly ran my hand down her still clothed body, lightly touching and caressing her, only briefly lingering on her 'private' areas. I could tell by the way her body undulated beneath my touch that she did not object to waiting for our first kiss.

As I moved down her body, I slid off of her, sitting slightly below her waist. It was summer, so she was wearing short pants, making it possible for me to put my hands on her thighs, and rotating my palms to face away from her body. I reached up into her pant legs, push past her waist band, and grasp the top of her pants. From that position, with my arms inside of her pants, I undid the button, unzipped them, and slowly slid them down her legs, leaving the panties in place.

I continued my exploration of her body, letting my hands roam freely all over her legs, and through the panties, brushed her vaginal lips with my thumbs. I snagged the bottom her shirt, and as I started to pull it up, she raised her arms above her head, giving me a clear sign of her desire to be stripped naked and taken.

The clasp of her bra was in front, and as I undid it, instead of lifting the it off and exposing her, I slowly pushed the it aside, cupping and protecting her breasts with my hands, just has her bra had done. I paused briefly, drinking in the image of her perfect body as she lay on the couch, clothed only her panties and my hands.

I removed my hands from her breasts, baring them to my thirsty eyes as my hands continued to roam down her body, past her panties. In a fashion similar to how I removed her pants, I put my hands under her butt, cupping her ass cheeks, slipping my hands into her panties from below. Again, I pushed up past the waist line in back, grasp the band and slowly pulled them down her legs. She continued to convey her desire to be completely naked by lifting her lower body up, assisting me in removing her panties. 

She was now utterly nude, her body relaxed, but also expectant. He breasts were slowly rising and falling, legs slightly apart, arms over her head, and a hungry, pleading look in her eyes. She was starving for our first kiss, as was I. But that moment had not yet arrived.

I stood up and began to remove my cloths in an unhurried fashion with no ceremony whatsoever. She lay there before me, completely naked, offering her body to me.

After the last of my clothing was gone, I sat down at her feet, reached for her knees, and slowly spread her legs. I kept eye contact with her as I moved closer and lowered my mouth to her engorged vagina. Over the next several minutes, my tongue explored every soft fold around her clit, as I savored the mild juices flowing from within her body. I was tender and soft as I didn't want her to have an orgasm just yet. Even though my lips were now in contact with her body at a very intimate level and doing things that resembled a kiss, there was nothing I did that could be considered a true kiss.

I lifted my head to look towards my next destination. The two lovely flesh mountains that were gently rising and falling as she drew in breaths and exhaled. It is very natural for me to plant soft kisses on a woman's body as I move past her stomach, so I had great difficulty resisting the urge to kiss her wonderfully taught, flat belly.

I slid up her body, her legs gently hugging my torso, and I rose up slightly to gaze down upon her once again. Her eyes were closed, her head, tilted back, with her breathing shallower. She was anticipating our first kiss as much as I was, but that was still yet to come.

I've never favored the left or right breast of a woman and have never given much thought to which nipple I give attention to first. But as I lowered my head, Linda rotated her body slightly, presenting her left breast to me. I've read that some women are more sensitive on one side or the other and in the course of the next several minutes, I discovered that to be true of her.

I didn't want to leave her right breast 'unattended' while I sucked on her left nipple, so I used my hand to softly tweak and play with her other nipple. As I suckled her left nipple, she began to softly moan in the fashion she'd done while my tongue was focused on her clit.

After a minute or so, I moved my mouth to her right breast. Her moaning stopped and she sighed in satisfaction. When I reached up and softly twisted her left nipple with my fingers, she gasp and her entire body went rigid for a split second before relaxing. That confirmed my thought about her left breast being an extremely erogenous zone.

I pulled my mouth away from her right breast, moved over and gently flicked my tongue over her left nipple, eliciting a tremble from her body, slid up and positioned myself so we were face to face. Her eyelids flickered open and she gazed into my eyes expecting our first kiss, but she would still have to wait.

I raised myself up slightly, reached back, grabbed my penis and started to rub it on her clitoris causing her entire body quiver. I didn't put myself inside of her, but instead continued to rub and flick her clit with the head of my cock, alternating between a slow and fast pace. Her breathing accelerated and I could tell by the way she was tensing up that an orgasm was imminent.

We were both at the edge of an immense orgasm. I released my cock, leaving it positioned at the entrance to her pussy, slid my hand up to her left breast, and cradled her head with my other hand.

In a single instant, I pushed myself into her body and gently pinched her left nipple causing her entire body to go rigid. Her legs locked around my back and I began to pump my sperm inside of her at the very instant the walls of her pussy squeezed my cock in an orgasmic vice.

And as that shared, electric orgasm simultaneously ripped through us, our lips met and melded together in our very first kiss.