 After my bar episode, I needed another way to meet guys to expand my sexual experiences. If you have read all of my other stories, then you know that Ken is my cohort in helping me achieve these aspirations. He suggested looking for dating sites that would allow me to advertise my needs. He gave me some sites that he found. As I visited many sites in the weeks that followed, I found that most wanted monthly fees in order to reply to messages. But one site allowed me to reply without a monthly fee. I was becoming very horny thinking of some hunk to hook up with when I signed up. I also had to supply a profile with photos. What should I say? What photo should I show? So I decided to ask Ken for help.

It was another week by the time I texted him. He instantly replied back, "Kathryn write this: I'm an attractive divorced Lady who has been sexually sheltered in need of lascivious experiences. I'm 5'5" 108 pounds with long red hair and blue eyes. If you can help me in achieving my new desires, please write me."

Then there was a long pause and I was about to reply. Suddenly, another text came through and it said, "Kathryn, add this: I especially desire to suck lots of cocks and swallow loads of cum. I'm always horny for a cock buried in me."

I texted back, "What!" 

Then Ken texted, "Kathryn, I'm at a bar with a few buddies. That was one of my friends and he took my phone. Sorry and don't add that last part." 

I answered back thanking him for his help and decided to finish the profile myself. 

I then added what I was looking for. I stated that he should be a nice guy who would treat a girl with respect. I put down the age of 25-55 and that looks were unimportant as long as he could satisfy my needs. When finished, I began to worry about advertising for sex on the internet and paused before submitting it. I was concerned that maybe somebody I knew would read it.

Suddenly Ken texted me and asked if I posted it yet. I wrote back NO and told him why. He wrote back telling me that I can screen every guy and I wouldn't end up having sex in a bar with gang bangers again. Oh My God, he was totally right. I'm allowing my fears to dictate my behavior again. So I thanked him and immediately posted it. Afterwards, it took around 30 minutes to make myself dinner. 

As I was eating, I had my laptop at the table checking my email and there was one from AFF. I had to click on a link to activate my profile. When I did, it took me to the site for adding more information and a photo. So I downloaded one photo from my Vegas gang bang. It was the one of just me in my very short blue dress. Then I added information of what I look like: red hair, blue eyes, measurements of 34C-22-35, and weight of 108. I went to the other forms and added the personal information about me, like, my favorite movies, music, and things to do. There was also a purity test that I filled out, which asked me all about my sexual preferences. I only received a 12% naughty rating from not having enough sexual encounters. I didn't even know what some of the stuff they were asking about. When I submitted it, I was becoming very horny and wet from just advertising on a web site for sex. My slutty side was taking over again. So I went to bed and used my new toy, thinking of some handsome hunk writing me and then we meet for sex. Let's say I had some nice hot dreams. 

The next day, I went to work and not thinking about the site. When I got home I checked it out. Oh My God! I couldn't believe that I had 63 messages waiting for me. As I started to read each message, I instantly became hot with lust. I realized that guys must think I'm attractive or I wouldn't have so many messages wanting to meet me. Some messages were just saying Hi without much information. Some were very detailed telling me how beautiful I was and how they would enjoy showing me the sensual side of life. And then there were the perverted messages saying how they wanted to fuck me. I instantly deleted those. All of the nice complimentary posts made me very happy because I have never thought of myself as beautiful.

So out of the 63, I answered just seven because half were really perverted. They were the ones with more than a few words and had a photo of their face. The ones that had no photos or just cock photos, I didn't answer. I was confused by why guys would show just their cocks to strange girls. I don't get it. Is it like bragging or what?

Anyway, I told them how happy I was that they wrote me and wondered what kind of a date we would have. When I was done answering, I poured me a glass of wine and texted Ken about what happened. He didn't answer that night, but did the next morning. I went to sleep again dreaming of the guys I had answered and woke up very horny. My slutty side was in total control and ready to enjoy someone. It was almost a month since the bar gang bang and I was more than ready to continue my sexual exploration. Since I had no plans for Saturday night, I wanted to have fun by meeting a nice guy that hopefully would lead to something more.

Saturday morning I immediately went to the computer completely naked to check my emails. I was very surprised that I had another 48 messages. I had no time to read through them all, so I just looked for the seven guys I wrote to. I only found 3 replies. I had my hand on my clit as I read them.

The first one wrote me back wanting to meet that night. He told me that he had an 8" cock all hard ready to stuff in me to satisfy all of my desires. I was immediately shocked by him being so bold, but then realizing that I was advertising on a sex site. I wrote back thanking him and moved on. I guess his message scared me, even though that is what I wanted and was touching myself thinking of his 8" cock. It was just the way he asked.

The second one wrote a nice letter, telling me how happy that I wrote him back. He told me all about himself and what he did for a living. He suggested meeting for lunch and seeing where it goes. So I wrote him back and agreed. When he immediately answered, he asked me to meet him by his office in Newport Beach, which is close to me. So we sat a lunch date for Monday. I'll tell you what happened a little later. 

The third guy was an older 50 something guy by his photo. He seemed very nice. So we went to a private chat room and talked for a long time about me. He wanted to get to know me because he said it made the sex so much better. Well after an hour of flirting and talking very dirty getting me all juicy and almost cuming, he suggested meeting for dinner that night. It was easy for me to say yes. 

So at 6 pm I started the hour drive up to Westwood area of LA to meet him at a restaurant. I didn't want to seem like a complete horny slut, so I wore my blue jeans and a black top without a bra. I had a white jacket over it so I could hide my protruding nipples from showing. I was becoming so aroused with anticipation. When I got there, I left my Honda with the valet and walked in. It was scary meeting a complete stranger for sex, but being very stimulated with a huge adrenaline rush pushing me forward. I walked in.

The restaurant was a very fancy place with lots of people waiting for seats. He said he would meet me at the bar and I was running late. I looked around and didn't see a guy looking like his photo. Suddenly a tap on my shoulder and a nice voice asked, "Are you Kathryn?"

Turning around, I smiled and answered I was. He wasn't what I envisioned from his online photo. He was a large overweight mature guy, looking much older than in his photo and not at all what I imagined. Taking my hand he took me over to a booth in the corner of the bar that had a reserved sign on it and said, "I'm Mario. We talked on line today and you got me so fucking horny. I thought you weren't going to show to be with an old guy like me. I'm so pleased you did Kathryn! You are so beautiful! You are way more attractive than in your photo. I'm such a lucky guy that you decided to have dinner with me."

So what was I to do? He was very nice and told me I was beautiful. Even though I thought about thanking him and leaving, I decided to stay. So I figured I could just have dinner and not have sex with him. What harm would that be? I mean he did have a nice personality and looks aren't everything. 

He ordered me a drink, an apple Martini, and we talked. The drink loosened me up, quickly bringing Miss Slut out and I sat closer to him. He even asked me to talk off my jacket. I didn't and teasingly just moved it back so he could get a peek at my boobs. He made me laugh and I was having a great time. Who would have guessed that I would really like being with him? When Jackie, the hostess, told us our table was ready, he took my hand and we went to the back to a dim lighted booth. He told me I didn't have to order that he took care of the menu. 

When the oysters came out, he finally confessed that he owned the restaurant. I never had oysters before, so he showed me how to eat them. I like them and sucked six of them down with some nice sauce. As he opened a bottle of champagne, he laughed and told me that eating oysters is like swallowing cum without the sauce. I found out later that he was right. 

As each exotic course came out, I was becoming more intrigued with him and a little tipsy. I cozied up close to him and allowed him to put his hand on my leg and we even kissed a few times as we sipped the bubbly. I was having such a great time enjoying the yummy food. Desert was chocolate mousse. He laughed and told me he didn't want to fill me up with food, when he had other endeavors in store for me. I giggled and asked what they were, but I knew what he meant.

He instantly put his hand in between my legs and kissed me. I didn't try to stop him but found myself spreading my legs apart so he could reach my pulsating wet pussy. Maybe it was the champagne working on me, but I completely forgot about not having sex with him. Instead I passionately kissed him and touched the bugle in his pants and gently rubbed it.

When we broke for air, he kept rubbing my pussy over my jeans, looked into my eyes and asked, "Have you ever experienced sex in an office before Kathryn?" 

I shook my head no and kissed him again. As I did, he unzipped my jeans and pushed his hand under the blue material until he reached my wet passion. Oh did that feel good. When we broke for air, he said, "I was hoping you weren't all talk Kathryn. I love how hot your cunt is. What do say that we go up to my office and take off your clothes? You are so gorgeous and I want to view all of your beauty."

By this time, he had my thong pushed off to the side and a finger inside me tantalizing my g-spot. Oh it felt so good. I wanted to cum right then and didn't want to stop. Instead our waiter came over and whispered something in his ear. He immediately removed his finger and without me zipping my jeans, pulled me from the booth and guided up the back stairs. Later I found out that others were watching my display of naughtiness and why we made a quick exit.

Once in his office, he kissed me again, but this time his hand roamed to my boobs. He played gently with my nipples making them protrude even more from under the black material. After we broke for air, he said, "I'm going to take a few photos of you Kathryn. You can use them on your profile and I'll have something to remember you by. You are so fucking beautiful."

He took the camera off his desk and told me to stand in front of the wall next to his desk. Laughing he asked me if anyone had every taken photos of me taking off my clothes. I giggled and told him that it would be a new experience. He smiled with my comment.

So I started to strip my garments off. First my jacket came quickly off. Then he wanted to see my boobs. So I slowly removed my black top. After I stood in front of him, he snapped a few photos. I was giggling, telling him how horny I was becoming. As I watched the bulge his pants getting bigger, I began to tease him by swaying to the music he had playing. So he stopped shooting and took his pants off. He told me that he wanted to show me how big and hard I was making him, although it was hard to notice from his big stomach obstructing the view. Once my jeans came off, he had me turn facing the wall so he could shoot my rear. He told me that I had such a beautiful ass and can't believe with a body like mine that I'm as sheltered as I pretend. 

I turned back smiled and said, "Oh Mario, I really am. If it wasn't for my Vegas experience, I would never let someone shoot nude photos of me. So this is a first and I'm so nervous about you taking them, but I'm becoming so horny from it too." Although, it really wasn't the first pictures taken of me, I had those Vegas gang bang photos to live down! 

Once we were naked, he asked me to suck on his cock and he would tell me what I was doing wrong. 

As I knelt in front of him, taking his hard cock out from under his boxers, I began sucking on his tip and rubbing his shaft with my hand. I kept taking more and more of his thick 7" cock in my mouth and gagged when it went in too far. That's when he told me how to swallow a cock. Wow! It was the same thing Ken told me in Vegas and I just haven't practiced enough to get it right. So I did what he requested and he was becoming so hard from my play. He held my head steady as he slowly pumped in and out of my mouth for a few minutes. When he came out, I sucked on his hairy dangling balls, as I held his rock hard cock in my hand. I looked up at him and smiled as my tongue licked the head of his circumcised cock. 

That's when he blurted, "I want to fuck you so bad. Come here." He pulled me up and kissed me taking over to the black couch.

He sat down and I sat above facing him with my boobs dangling in his face. I slowly held his cock at my pussy and sat down on his tool. Oh did that feel good going into me. He held my hips pulling me all the way down onto his raging hard on. Then he pushed me off and fell out. He told me to reach for the camera. So I jumped off and got it for him. He told me to sit straight up, so he could watch me bouncing on his hard rod while he took photos. As I slowly sat back down gobbling all of him up, he began snapping close ups of my pussy with his cock buried deep inside. He felt so good as I bounced speedily trying to cum. After some time, I closed my eyes to visualize some internet hunk fucking me and after a few minutes came all over his hard cock. He asked if I came and I moaned I did. Then he pushed me off. 

He had me bend over holding a chair as he pushed back into me. I squealed in ecstasy as he did. Then holding my hips he had his way with me. I could feel his stomach flapping on my ass as he speedily plowed in and out of me, but for some reason it felt so good. The sound of his thrusting in my hot wet pussy was making music to my ears. As it mixed with my loud moans of pleasure, it made a sweet sexual concerto radiating the room. I was in such an excited state of total euphoria. 

As I was building up to another wonderful orgasm I moaned, "Oh fuck my pussy Mario! Fuck me harder! Oh god it feels so good! Ah, Ah! That's it! Don't stop! Oh yes fuck me!" 

I kept moaning stuff like that, until I felt him begin grunting and I knew he was ready to explode. But instead of unloading in me, he asked if I had ever sucked on a cock while it was cuming? I moaned I never had. 

So he pulled out, made me kneel in front of him, pushed his cock in mouth, and unleashed a gallon of sticky goo all over my face and mouth. He pushed his cock back into my mouth and had me suck every last yummy drop of seaman from his shrinking manhood. There was so much cum dripping down my chin, as I swallowed what made it in. As his goo was plastered all over my face, he took a few more photos. I even took my fingers, scooped some cum that was on my chin and licked them off. He watched my display of nastiness as I licked my lips from his salty tasting spew. I could see that I had made him very happy. 

As I sucked his cum from my fingers, I sensually said, "Wow! It does taste like oysters and is a completely new experience for me and yummy."

He laughed and told me that he was very happy giving me new talents. Then he said, "Well Kathryn, you know we could make a list of all the sexual experiences we can think of and what you haven't done. Then every week you can come back here and we would let you practice some of them. In a year you have them all done. What do you say about doing that?"

Oh no, not exactly what I had on my mind, so I told him I would think about it. Then he said, "You know with a body like yours and your willingness to experiment, I know a guy that would love to meet you. He arranges meetings between hot girls like you and rich guys who would pay for the privilege of having sex. I bet you have never done that before either?" 

I was confused. Was he asking me to be an escort or something like that? I just smiled and told him that I wasn't ready for that type of encounter just yet. Then I asked where to clean up. He told me the rest room was down the hall. I went to grab for my pants but instead he handed me my thong. 

So I walked down to this tiny room and wiped his cum off my face and body. As I cleaned up my pussy while touching my clit, I was becoming very horny. When I went back, there was a bottle of bubbly that he was opening. He poured me a glass and had me sit on the couch. I crossed my legs and we talked some more about his sex list for me. 

As I was sipping my second glass of bubbly, the door swung open and in walked this hunk. He was very handsome and muscular in his black polo shirt. I was instantly hot for sex just by looking at him. He saw me sitting on the couch, my legs crossed with just my thong on. I didn't even try to cover my boobs, but just sat there smiling, wanting him.

He blurted, "Oh sorry Mario, I didn't know you were busy. But that food critic is here and you told me to get you when he arrived." 

Mario smiled and answered, "Danny this is Kathryn! Why don't you entertain her, while I deal with the critic? I'm sure she would be amiable to that, wouldn't you Kathryn?" I just smiled sipping my drink and thinking, "Oh Yes!"

As he put on his pants and shirt and rushed out, I was staring at this handsome hunk. Danny looked at me and asked if I was a prostitute. I shook my head no. I was so taken by his looks and didn't get upset by his question even though I should have. 

Taking another sip of bubbly I sheepish said, "So why would you ask that Danny? I just met Mario tonight and we had dinner. He talked me into taking some photos. One thing led to another and here I am almost naked. You know he is a very dynamic persuasive guy."

Danny smiled, sat down next to me and replied, "Yeah Dad can be that way especially to very stunning women like you Kathryn. I just assumed that uncle Vinnie sent you over for him. He usually sends over the new girls for dad to evaluate. You are sitting here naked sipping wine, so I just thought that is what was happening."

I giggled, uncrossed my legs, and place one over his lap spreading them apart. I noticed his eyes immediately starting to look at my thin thong embedded in my pussy lips. As his hand began touching my inner thighs, I turned toward him and sensually said, "Danny, I never thought of myself like that. But since you thought I am a call girl, maybe you should evaluate my assets instead of your father. I mean your dad already suggested that I should try being an escort, so why not see if you think that I should try it too." Then I kissed him.

He passionate kissed me back with his hand finally roaming up to my very wet wanting pussy. I mean this very handsome hunk, gave me such an exuberant rush of lust that I never before felt. I would allow him to do anything he wanted to me. He was such a yummy kisser too and I really wanted him more than any guy before. So as he rubbed my pussy, I moaned in animated excitement hoping he would finger me to ecstasy. 
