 He held her hand as she moaned above him, her hips bucking, out of her control. His tongue ran tight circles around her clit, tasting the tangy sweetness of her juices. She was utterly his.

He felt her hand tighten as her body became still. He could feel the tension in her, though, and steadily flicked his tongue along the length of her wet, warm slit. Then, suddenly, silently, the tension and pressure within her was released, and she let go, her body arching up, her trim legs clamping his head, her juices flowing past his probing tongue. She gasped once, raggedly with the shudders of her body, then relaxed, collapsing onto the bed, her neck still bent back from the force of her orgasm. She released her grip on him, and tried to catch her breath.

He lapped slowly at the liquid that wet her thighs and slit, bringing small shocks of mixed pleasure and pain from her small, firm body. He kissed and licked his way back up her body, licking at the soft flesh of her side, probing her navel, encircling her rosebud nipples. She moaned softly under his care.

“Are you sure you want to do this?” He whispered this in her ear as he nibbled on her earlobe. She nodded slowly, distantly. “I love you, tell me if you need to stop.” She nodded again, and now he could see the distance in her eyes, where she was still lost in a haze of afterglow. He knelt between her legs, and slipped on the condom he had ready. He was almost scared of this, but he wanted her so badly, and he was more excited than he could remember being. It was almost a sickness, deep in his stomach. His cock was straining hard in his hand, and he ran his hand up and down, once, twice, feeling it twitch in his hand. She was smiling up at him now, and she reached up to take hold of him. Her hand felt so good, but he gently unlaced her fingers from his manhood, and kissed her hand. He didn’t want this to be too fast.

He lifted up her knees again, and slid his body down between them. His cock rested against her wet pussy now, and she closed her eyes tight. He ran his fingers over her body, but she only tensed up. She was more scared than he was. She was tiny beneath him, and he knew he would hurt her. They were high school sweethearts, but they’d waited to be lovers until she was ready. Now it was the night of her eighteenth birthday, and after she’d blown out the candles on her cake she’d whispered to him, “Tonight.”

So now he lay between her legs, gently stroking her small breasts and feeling the small hairs of her stomach. He could feel the rough blanket under his legs as he wrapped his fingers around his cock once more. He wanted her to want him. 

He gently teased her clit once more with his pulsing, hard cock head, and moved it up and down her wet slit. He could feel every bump, but it was all so smooth, so inviting. She bit her lip as his manhood found her tight entrance, and she gasped as he began to put pressure against it. He could feel the resistance of her maidenhood, and he saw the tears of pain spring up in her eyes, but he could also tell she didn’t want him to stop, even as she strained away.

He kept a steady pressure, trying not to hurt her more than necessary, but drawing out the pain longer than he wanted to. Even in the darkness he could see that her beautiful face was wrinkled with pain, and her breath dragged in raggedly, but still he pushed. And with no more warning than a quick gasp from her perfect lips, he was inside her, fully enveloped. As his penis slid back and forth inside her, he could feel a pressure building from deep within him, something that threatened to take him over. It was so tighter, closer than he’d ever thought it could be.

It felt like nothing he had ever imagined as he slid in and out. He closed his eyes, not wanting to see her pain, but ran his hand roughly though her hair. He kissed her, hard, and as his tongue probed in through her lips, he felt her bite down on his bottom lip. She wrapped her arms around his back, and dug her nails into him as he thrust, only furthering his excitement. He couldn’t stop, could only thrust faster as he heard her little gasps of pain and pleasure. And then, far more suddenly than it was begun, it was over.

He felt the explosion from within, from deep inside of him, and it echoed all through his body. He lost all control of his mind for that moment, as his seed rushed from him. All his muscles tensed, and his cock pulsed hard, and then it was over. He collapsed on her for a moment, breathing deep and hard. He covered her with a hundred tiny kisses.

He lay with her there for long moments, and then looked up at her face. Her deep blue eyes were sparkling with happiness, though her face was still pained, and she smiled wanly back at him. “I love you, baby,” she whispered, and relaxed her arms around him, holding him close. But deep inside, past the desire, the love, the satiety, he could feel a new hollowness. He held her close. She had a piece of him now, and it was hers forever.