 It was hard to believe that my classes were in the city that you lived. I was actually looking forward to one of these trips for a change. 

The first night I got there, I was so tired. You and I just chatted on line, talking about me being in town and how we were going to get together. We had decided that you would pick me up at my hotel room after my class and we would go out to dinner. 

The next day I went to my classes and all I could think about was you picking me up that night. I think I missed ½ the classes because of it. 

Finally it was over and I went back to my room. There in the room was a bouquet of roses, a plate with chocolate covered strawberries and I bottle of Asti, which I had told you in previous conversation that I liked. 

I went over to the roses and looked at the card. It said "I look forward to seeing you tonight". A little shiver went up my spine. I just couldn't wait. 

I changed in to my black dress with my garter and stockings and my 3 inch heels, remembering you were 6' and I was only 5' 4". I did up my hair and put a little makeup on. I normally don't wear makeup but I wanted to look special for tonight. I put on this brilliant shade of red lipstick that doesn't come off and then put a gloss over it to make my lips shine. There isn't much I like about my body but I always did like my lips. 

I opened the bottle of Asti and poured a glass. Then I sat down and watched the TV waiting nervously for you to show up. Finally there was a knock on the door. I got all excited, got up made sure I looked ok and calmed myself down. I opened the door and there you were. 

I pretty much froze while you stood there in front of me smiling. I didn't know what to say or do now that it finally happened. You leaned over and gave me a light kiss and started to giggle a little realizing how I was. 

I finally got myself together, apologized and asked you to come in. I closed the door and turned around. There you were still smiling at me. You said "You are as beautiful as I thought you would be". I blush and turn my head away. You walked over and pulled my head up to look in your eyes and said "you are". I just smiled a little a looked away. I was never good at complements. 

I thanked you for the gifts and asked you if you wanted any champagne. You said yes and I poured you a glass. I handed it to you and held my glass up. I said "to new adventures, Skol" and clinked the glasses. We both drank and then you took my glass from me and put it down on the table. You walked back over to me and lifted my head again, this time you leaned down and kissed me. My knees almost buckled under neither me. 

The kiss was so wonderful, your lips on mine, your tongue playing with mine. I could feel myself getting wet and starting to ache. 

I put my arm around your neck and you put yours around my waist. Your hands moving up and down my back, caressing it, pulling my body closer to yours. It felt so good, I didn't want it to end. 

You put your hand in the small of my back and push me very close to you. I can feel how hard you are against my body. I wanted to take my one leg and wrap it around your hip so bad to let you get even closer. 

I think our dinner reservations didn't matter anymore. We needed each other and now. While still kissing me you turn my body and get me to lie on the bed. Your body came with mine. I kicked my shoes off and started rubbing your legs with my feet. 

You broke our kiss and stood up in front of me, just looking down. You took your hand and started to trace my arms, across my breasts, down my sides, to my hips and over my legs. Staring at me the whole time. Your hands feel so good on me. 

You started to trace back up, this time over my inner thigh where you could feel the top of my stocking and just lightly brush over my panties, working up my tummy , back over my breast, up my neck and then to my face. 

Still staring at me, you started to lightly playing with my face, lightly touching it, tracing it, me pushing my face up to meet your hand. I was in heaven and totally yours. I didn't know if you just got lucky or if I told you my weakness is having my face rubbed, but which ever way, you had me. 

After soaking in all the wonderful rubbing, I scooted my body put on the bed. You laid down beside me and we embraced, kissing again. You hands move down my spine and on to my ass, squeezing it and caressing it. Not wanted to be left out, I slide my hand down and did the same to yours. I could feel a smile on your lips while you were kissing me. 

You pulled my dress up over my ass and put your hand under my panties. They were so warm and strong. Then they slowly move to the front of me, rubbing the softly fresh shaven skin. A small moan came from me. I want you to feel how wet I was. I wanted your fingers inside of me. 

One thing about me that I never told you was that I get very wet and I am extremely tight. So tight that after I cum I have been told I was almost too tight. 

Your hand slowly moves down lower. I laid back a little and part my legs for you to have better access. Your finger moves down and splits my lips apart. You are surprised and very excited to find how wet I am. Your mouth moves off of mine , kissing and nibbling my neck. 

I let out a moan and softly say yes. At this point you knew you had complete permission. You moved your finger up and reach my clit. You start to rub it and I started to squirming and moaning. You know you have hit the right spot. 

While you continue to rub my clit you feel my hands move down to your chest. Rubbing there and moving down to your stomach. You know where I am going next and you are aching for it. My hand comes to the front of your pants to feel your rock hard cock. I play with it and tease it. 

All of a sudden, I pull my body away from you and kneel before you. I smile at you and you do the same. I start to unbutton your shirt, pulling it out from your pants. I take your shirt off and throw it over on a chair. Then I unbuckle your belt, undo your pants and unzip them. You remove them leaving your underwear on. I could see your hard cock just waiting for attention.

Then you lifted off my dress to see my lace bra, lace panties, garter belt and stockings. You lean over and kiss between my breasts. While you are doing that your hands are undoing my bra. You unhook it and it falls to the bed. You move yourself to one of my breasts and start sucking on my nipple. I run my nails up your back, not hard but enough to get your attention. You move over to the other one and play with the first one with your fingers. At this point I want you so badly inside of me but I knew that had to wait. 

I take you by the shoulder and push you down on the bed and straddle you. Grinding my hips into yours. I lean over and kiss you then move down your neck. I move down to your chest, rubbing my hands over it and licking your nipples. I keep moving down to your stomach and just to the top of your underwear.

I lick around the band, teasing you. I take my hands on both sides and pull down your underwear. Your beautiful hard cock stands up straight for me. I want to just tear off my panties and jump on top but I know it isn't time yet. 

I take the tip if my tongue and lick the tip of your cock. You let out a big sigh. I take my tongue and start to circle around the head, licking up and down. Then I take it fully in my mouth, sucking it, licking it, playing with your balls. Every once and a while I take you out of my mouth and use my tongue just under the head where it is the most sensitive. You seem to enjoy this. 

I move my body back up to your lips and kiss you deep. I whisper in your ear that I want you deep inside of me. You say to me, not yet, I haven't had my turn yet. And with that you laid me back and positioned yourself between my legs. You take a finger and put it deep inside of me. It feels so good. Then you take another and you can really feel how tight I am. I start to grind on your fingers. Then you take your tongue and start licking my clit. I feel like I am going to cum that second. 

You move your fingers in and out of me while licking, sucking and nibbling my clit. It doesn't take me long to cum. You can feel my juices rush over your fingers. My body shakes and I moan the best moan you have every heard. 

Now there is something I forgot that you didn't. I told you how I can come about every 20 to 30 seconds after my first orgasm. So you continue you lick my clit even though I am squirming because it is so sensitive. Sure enough you make me cum again. This one stronger than the first. You do this one more time. Finally I say "I want to you fuck me, please, please fuck me."

You move back up my body and kiss me. You move your legs between mine and spread them apart. You take your cock with your hand and rub it up and down my lips, getting it all wet. Then you position it at the entrance to my pussy. 

You push slowly, the head of your cock opening me up. You push a little harder, feeling how tight I am around your hard cock. Finally you are all the way in. You feel so good. You just sit there for a moment just feeling the warmth inside. 

Then you start pumping your cock in and out of me. God, it feels so good. All this time you are still kissing me. I bite your lips lightly letting you know how I feel. 

I take my legs and rap them around your hips, moving my hips in rhythm with yours trying to push you deeper and deeper inside of me. I want all of you as deep as I can get you. 

I decided that I am going to be on top and start rolling you to the side. You catch on rather quickly and we roll over without you leaving my pussy. 

Now I am on top and have this devilish look on my face. You are very curious on what I am up to. I lean over and kiss you, licking your lips, sucking your tongue. 

I sit back up and start moving my hips back and forth. You like how it feels. Then I start to lift my body up and down, pushing down hard on your cock when you enter back in to me. You start to moan, that feels really good. Then I start rotating my hips in a circle. This is something totally new for you and you like it. 

After doing that for a while I turn my body around so my ass is facing you. This way you can watch your cock go in and out of my very wet pussy. You can see my juices flowing down your cock. I start playing with your balls which really gets you going. I do all sorts of position before for no reason I get off. 

You look at me with disbelief. You ask why I stopped and I tell you because I want you to fuck me on all fours. With that I get on all fours, pretty much lay my chest on the bed, sticking my ass straight up in the air. You position yourself behind me and enter your hard cock. I let out a very loud moan. 

You grab my hips and start pumping in to me hard and fast. You want to cum inside of me so bad now. I start to play with your balls and that is enough to do it. You slam in to me hard and I can feel your cum coating my inside, your cock twitching. You are moaning so loud. I take my muscles and squeeze as hard as I can, milking you of every bit of cum you have. 

I lay down and you lay on top of me and the off to the side. You take your hand and brush my hair to the side and kiss my neck. You tell me that was incredible and that I am incredible. I just cuddle up next to you and say, rest now, I am not done with you yet.