 We arrange to meet in the lobby of a hotel near your home on a Friday afternoon. When you arrive, (I recognize you from your profile picture) I introduce myself, take your suitcase, and give you a short hug and kiss. I take your hand and lead you to the elevator. 

When we get to the room, I insert the card key and open the door. I place your suitcase on a chair then I turn to you, cradle your beautiful face in my hands and pull you closer. Our lips meet. I want to be gentle and sweet but you have so completely filled me with desire that I MUST have you. I want to feel, smell, and taste everything you have to offer and I must have it NOW! You can tell from the look on my face that you could easily make me your slave – that isn't a real surprise since I'd already told you that in previous emails!! After about 30 minutes of passionate "play," I tell you that our afternoon plans are up to you. I've never been to your city so you have to show me around. If you're ever in the Chicago, I'll return the favor. We freshen up and leave to explore the city together. 

You will have to fill in this part of the story... 

We return to our room at 6:00. I made reservations at an elegant restaurant, but we have to hurry. We will have just enough time to take a shower (together of course) and get dressed for dinner. After our shower, I hand you a gift-wrapped box. You open it to find a remote controlled vibrating egg and a butterfly. I help you insert the egg into your hot pussy. While I'm down there I give your clit a few flicks with my tongue. I grab the butterfly put it in place and tighten the straps. As you continue getting dressed, I test out the remote. Suddenly you are overcome by a wave of intense pleasure as your pussy and clit are set on fire by the toys. The feeling is so intense that you have to grab a chair to keep your balance. Since we are running late, I turn off the remote so you can finish getting ready. 

During dinner I can't take my eyes off of you! You are SOOO hot!! Your sexy little dress shows off every curve of your body. I want to bury my face between your perfect tits!! I have to fight the urge to throw you on the table and fuck your brains out right then and there. I keep the remote handy and every time I notice you look away, I force you to return your attention to me. After a while I catch on that you are purposely looking around just so I will give you some secret stimulation. To get back at you, when the waitress comes to take your order, I push both buttons and watch you try to keep your composure as you try to concentrate on talking. The waitress smiles because she knows what's going on - she can hear the buzz of the dual vibrators in the quiet restaurant. From that point on various members of the restaurant staff take turns parading past our table slowly. They act like they are doing something important but it is obvious that they just want to check out the "show" – so I make sure they ALL get a great show! 

After dinner, we return to our room, change into our swimsuits and head to the Jacuzzi. I make sure you keep the egg in place so I can get your attention any time I want it. We relax in the Jacuzzi sipping our drinks and sneaking our hands below the hot bubbling water every time the coast is clear. Two young men walk by and I notice you looking at them. The egg comes to life and you give me a look that says, "Oops I'm busted." After about an hour in the Jacuzzi, we are so relaxed (from the Jacuzzi and the drinks) that we decide to return to our room. 

Once back in the room we remove our swim suits and take a quick shower together. Now, finally, I can do what I've wanted to do to for so long! I take you in my arms and explore your mouth with my tongue. My hands start by rubbing your back, then I move to your hot ass, then I begin to rub the outside of your hot and wet pussy. Your wetness meets my fingers as you pull my mouth deeper into yours. I slip two fingers into you and rub the inside as I rub your clit with the palm of my hand. You start to rub my cock until I am as hard as a rock. (It won't take long!!) I sit down on one of the over-sized chairs. 

You stand over me and slowly lower yourself over my hard throbbing cock. As you start to slide up and down over my shaft, I suck your nipples into my mouth and slowly rub them between my tongue and the roof of my mouth. You can feel my hard cock throbbing inside you as you squeeze your wet, tight pussy hard around my shaft. You pull your nipple out of my mouth and begin to ride me hard. Your beautiful tits bounce with every thrust as you lose yourself in the pleasure of our stolen time together. You let out a pleasured moan as you feel yourself start to build towards a gloriously intense climax. By now you've lost all inhibition. You treat me as if the only reason I am there – the only reason I exist – is to give you the most intense orgasm you've ever imagined!! I am nothing to you but your personal fuck toy and you plan to wear me out for your pleasure. You begin to gasp for air as you fuck my hard throbbing cock with everything you've got. 

Suddenly, you stop for a moment and let out a short muffled scream. Your body goes into involuntary spasms as you cum hard. But you're not done with your "toy" yet. You start to thrust yourself hard on my pole again. It feels so good that you want to stop, but you can't, you want to see how much more you can stand. Instead of subsiding, you orgasm grows more and more intense with every thrust. You feel your hot juices start to flow. The flow gives way to steams as your entire sweat-covered body begins to convulse in ecstasy. I raise and lower my hips moving my cock inside you as you slowly desend. Suddenly you hear the sound of a key card in our lock and our door opens. The two guys from the Jacuzzi walk in and close the door. I introduce you to my two friends (and the rest of your fantasy) The two guys take off their clothes, lift you off of me and throw you on the bed. 

One guy, a blonde, begins to caress, lick and nibble your tits. The other guy, with black hair, kneels down and starts to lick your wet sensitive cunt. I join in my kissing you and caressing your face. You are overcome with the feeling of three men finding such intense pleasure in your body at the same time. I move down and start to lick and nibble on your inner thigh. The blonde stands up and guides your head towards his cock. You hungrily take his dick in your mouth and start to lick and suck hard. The man eating your pussy grabs your ass and pulls his mouth deeper into your wetness. After a few minutes you feel the blonde man's cock start to spasm in your mouth. Within seconds your mouth if full of his hot cum. You hungrily swallow every drop and try to suck more from his throbbing shaft. The taste of cum and the feeling of two other men pleasuring you is more than you can take. 

You feel your pussy quiver, then go into spasms and you cum again. I move up to your pussy as the dark-haired man runs his cock over your cum-covered lips. You grab his dick and slide it into your mouth. He isn't very big so you pull his entire cock into your mouth. You grab his ass and guide him in and out in long steady strokes. By now I have four fingers in your pussy and I am nibbling and biting your clit. I move my other hand to your ass and start to explore your tight hole. The feeling of your mouth is more than the dark-haired man can take. Soon he is squirting his love juice down your throat. As the other two men rub, caress, and kiss your entire body, I continue to eat you to ecstasy. Soon your legs begin to thrash and shake. Since you can't reach me, you reward the other two men for the pleasure you're feeling. You build to yet another orgasm as we all hold you down and force you to take it. For the next hour we surround you and take turns pleasuring the various parts of your hot body. Finally, the blonde announces that they have to go. They get dressed and leave the room key on the table as they exit. 

We take another shower together. As you stand there, I wash and rinse your hair then I spend twenty minutes washing every part of your body as slowly as I can. Once I am done, you return the favor on me. By now it is after midnight. You assume we are going to go to sleep. As we dry each other off my cock becomes erect. You look at me and say, "You've GOT to be kidding!" I start to kiss you, then I slide my cock deep into your hot pussy. You wrap your legs around me as I walk out onto the balcony. I set you down on the cold handrail and slowly slide in and out of your cunt as you balance hundreds of feet above the ground. The feeling of my cock and the danger make you cum within minutes. I take you down from the handrails turn you around. Now you are bent over and holding the handrail. I shove my cock into your pussy from behind. As I hold your hips, I thrust myself into you wildly. You look down over the balcony and wonder if anyone can see what were doing. After a few minutes we both cum very, very hard!! With my cock still inside you, I stand you up and nibble on your shoulders as I caress your perfect tits. We walk back into the room, pull the shades, and go to bed. We lay on the bed gently caress until we fall sleep in each other's arms. 

I wake you up at 3:00 to see if you want to join me in the Jacuzzi. We put our swimsuits on and quietly sneak down stairs. We ignore the sign that states that the pool and Jacuzzi are closed between 11:00 and 7:00. I sit down and pull you onto my lap. I look longingly into your eyes as I softly caress your face, neck, and shoulders. We decide the Jacuzzi is a little too cramped so we go to the pool. I trap you against the side of the pool right under the diving board. We kiss passionately for a while then I pull off your shorts and begin to rub your pussy. You reach down and rub my cock I am already as hard as a rock for you. You pull off my shorts and I shove my dick into you. 

You wrap your body around mine as I slowly move in and out of you. I grab the legs of the diving board for support and start to drive my shaft deep into you. The danger of being caught just adds more excitement to the experience. I press your ass against the pool with every thrust of my cock. You feel so good that I can't stand it! We continue to fuck out in the open for 30 minutes. Suddenly we hear laughter and voices. We look at each other in fear then realize we haven't been discovered – not yet at least. The added thrill gets us both even hotter. I start to fuck you wildly with deep hard strokes. After a few minutes we both explode together. We quietly get dressed and find a safe path back to our room. Once safely back in our room we fall to the bed in laughter. The past 12 hours have been filled with the most fun and excitement that either of us have had in the past 10 years. You smile at me and say, "Wow, what are we going to do to top this; we still have 36 hours together!"