 (This was written with a special someone in mind...you know who you are...)

*

It was amazing. A thousand miles from home, and now only a hundred yards from her. As he watched her run the track, he remembered how she had finally agreed to meet him. On her terms, naturally. Be at the track, she had told him, and she had made him recite it all back, making sure he knew the time and date. She had spoken professionally, almost reluctantly, telling him that it might not be a good thing. Asking if he was sure of what he was getting into. Reminding him that this was his idea. Insisting that he wear running clothes, also.

As she neared him, he got his first good look at her, and was not disappointed. He knew from the pictures she had emailed him that she was pretty, despite her reluctance to send him a decent face shot. Now, live and in person, he saw that she was more than that. Her eyes, so startling and so green, were alive with life. Her smile, as she noticed him, was warmer than the sun. Her body, that lean sexy form that he had studied so closely in her photos, was more graceful than she had admitted to. The sports bra and abbreviated white shorts she wore only served to enhance the tanned flatness of her belly.

She pulled up ten feet from him, smiling. He thought, as she looked at him, that she would probably think he looked ridiculous in his sweatshirt and shorts, but it appeared that she approved, from the way her eyes swept over him once, then again. She walked up to him, opening her arms. She had recognized him as soon as he had approached the track, and now she didn't regret letting him come to her.

"Hi, gorgeous," she said, wrapping her arms around his neck. He searched for words to express what he was feeling, but there was too much emotion, and too few words. No witty comebacks here, in real life!

"H-hi, there," he stammered, more nervous than he had been in his entire life. My god, he had spoken with the governor of his state once, and had chaired countless committee meetings, and suddenly he was tongue-tied?

She laughed at his awkwardness, and he suddenly had an idea, something to cover his nervous state. He backed away from her, breaking her embrace, and stared at her.

"Y-y-you t-t-think it's f-funny, t-t-that I s-st-stutter?" he asked loudly. "M-m-my g-g-od!" 

He watched her face fall. Her expression went from humor to horror in one quick instant, then into total embarrassment! Her mouth fell open, and suddenly she had no words to say!

"No!" she finally managed. "NO! I just meant that....Oh, GOD!" He watched with mounting amusement her attempt to rectify this situation, but he couldn't allow her embarrassment to go on for too long. Stepping into her once again, he slid his arms around her waist and pulled her close. He planted a quick, tender kiss on her cheek.

"There," he said. "Even a tiny kiss has the power to restore speech. Imagine what having sex with you could do for me!" As he said this, he tightened his grip on her waist, as she began to figure out that she had been hoodwinked. Sure enough, she struggled to get free, but he held her tightly.

"You shit!" she blasted, laughing in spite of herself. "If I could get loose, I'd kick your ass!"

"Well, then, you WON'T get loose, if I have to hold you like this forever," he promised. "Which, by the way, doesn't seem like such a bad idea at the moment." 

She suddenly noticed his hardness, as her leg was between his own. "Mmmmm," she thought. "I could get to like this!" She was pleased that she could have this effect on him, and his obvious excitement triggered hers. She pressed just a little bit harder against him, savoring the moment. Then she turned her face up to his, suddenly, and kissed him. He kissed her back, grateful that she wasn't mad at him. It was a long kiss, like old lovers would share.

"Let's go somewhere," he said to her, at last, but she shook her head.

"No," she stated flatly. "I have to run. C'mon, run with me." And with that, she turned from him and began to trot away, looking over her shoulder at him and smiling. 

'What the..." he thought. "Is this a date, or a contest?" Nevertheless, he began to run, obediently following her around the track, though not nearly as effortlessly. She was obviously in top condition, having done this religiously for the last few years. He, on the other hand, was soon breathing heavily. By the second lap, his legs felt like they had doubled their weight, and he was having difficulty getting his feet high enough to skirt small twigs and the like, on the path.

She had been carrying on a one-sided conversation, due to his inability to speak without gasping, and at last he begged her to stop for a moment. She pulled up, smiling smugly, and watched him attempting to regain the use of his lungs.

"Want an oxygen tank?" she asked, laughing.

It was a musical laugh, the sweetest sound he had ever heard, but he answered irritably, saying, "No thanks. I'll be okay...I think." She reeled over, trying to suppress another outburst of laughter. 

"This isn't going well," she suddenly thought. " I had forgotten. Men don't like to be bested, at anything, especially physically." This brought her emotions in check, and she decided to play it a little less offensively.

"I'm sorry, honey," she said, placing an arm around his waist. "I should have told you I was a serious runner." 

"Oh, you did," he admitted. "I just didn't know you were Olympic-quality!" Then he laughed, and she knew he was all right with the situation, if he could joke about it. "Besides," he said, giving her a sly look, "now that I've tired you out, I can catch you more easily." He grabbed her around the waist and pulled her to him, once again enjoying the feel of her lean body in his arms.

As she stretched up to kiss him again, she said softly, "Oh, I didn't think you'd have much of a problem, there." Then she surrendered her lips to him. This, their second kiss, was even better than the first, and she soon found her body molding into his, eager to feel his hardness against her once again; to feel his desire for her.

When they broke, they were both out of breath. He held her at arm's length and looked deeply into her eyes. "My god," he breathed, staring at her. "I can't believe we finally got together. All those emails..."

She shushed him with her fingertip on his lips. She knew what they both needed. "No more talk," she told him. "I want you next to me, naked." Her eyes held his captive, and he found himself smiling, as he knew there would be no awkwardness with her. She set the terms, as usual. All he had to do was comply, and that he was happy to do!

"As you wish, my love," he stated simply, and took her hand in his.

The walk to her car seemed to take hours, but the drive to the hotel she had chosen actually took only a few minutes, and soon they were walking into a modest, but well-appointed room.

"Is this where you bring all your men?" he asked, tossing the key card onto the bedside table, trying to quell the butterflies he knew they both had, with a little joke. She was just behind him, and couldn't see the smile on his face, but he already knew she wouldn't take him seriously. Therefore, he was shocked when she answered without a pause.

"All of them," she stated. "Except one."

The flatness, the matter-of-factness in her voice made him turn to look at her, but he immediately saw that she was smiling devilishly, anticipating his reaction. "Don't even try..." she warned him, letting him know in that one exchange that she was his equal, in terms of mental quickness. All the emails in the world hadn't prepared him for the whole of her, and he was utterly pleased. He pulled her into his arms again, once more tasting her lips. This time her tongue probed his lips, and he opened his mouth slightly, eagerly inviting her touch.

This kiss, as indescribable as it was, wasn't enough, and soon their hands were tearing at each other's clothes in a mad rush to feel their own naked flesh against the other's. 

"Let me," she panted into his neck, and he relaxed his grip on her top, and allowed her to finish removing his sweatshirt. She pulled it smoothly up and over his head and dropped it to the floor. Then she ran her hands across his chest, slim fingers raking through the hair. "Oh, yeah," she sighed, smiling slyly as she took in the sight of his muscular build. "This is nice."

He chuckled. "Glad you approve," he joked. "Does this mean I get the prize?"

She dropped her hands to the waistband of his shorts. In one quick motion, she pulled them down over his hips, releasing his aching cock , which sprang towards her.

"No," she said, sinking to her knees as she pulled the shorts to the floor. "I do."

Her mouth was on him immediately, wrapping the head of his cock in its warmth. She took him deeply with no problem, and in fact, within a few strokes, he was nudging his way into her throat. He let out a long sigh, which excited her even more than the feel of his cock in her mouth. She wanted him to enjoy this.

Wrapping her tongue around his shaft, she slowly worked him in and out of her mouth, sucking lightly and pausing when he was all the way into her throat. She looked up at him, and he was watching her intently, obviously enjoying the view. He smiled.

"My god, you're beautiful," he breathed, watching her. "How did I ever manage to meet you?" His hands went to her face, sliding down over her cheeks to gently cup her chin.

She moaned then, and the sensations it produced against his throbbing member almost sent him over the edge, right then. She knew it, and moaned again before allowing his cock to drop from her mouth.

He pulled her gently up, and she backed away as she began to pull the sports bra up and over her shoulders. She hoped he would be happy with her breasts, which she considered adequate, if a little on the small side. Once the top was on the floor, she looked at him, and saw that he approved. His eyes went from her breasts to her face and back again, and he was smiling lustily.

"Nice," was all he said.

He stepped toward her then, his hands going to her breasts, cupping them in their warm embrace, feeling their roundness. She was perfect! He tweaked the nipples between thumb and forefinger, and they became instantly harder. Her head went back, and she inhaled sharply as he manipulated them gently. He had to have his mouth on them!

Dropping to his knees, her chest was at the perfect height, and he massaged one perfect breast with his hand as he placed his mouth on the other. Licking, sucking, nuzzling first one, then the other, he took his time, enjoying her moans of pleasure. Her eyes were shut and one hand held the back of his head, softly stroking her fingers through his hair. The other was on his shoulder. Her legs spread, allowing him to press against her flat little belly with his chest.

She was close to an orgasm, he knew. He could feel her begin to press her mound against his stomach, and soon she was grinding against him. He continued to suck and finger her nipples, listening to her breathing escalate. Her hands held his head tightly, now, demanding his attention.

Suddenly her back arched, she pressed her groin hard against him, and she began to shake.

"Ah, god!" she yelped. "Oh, god, yessssssss!!" Her moans became mini-screams, and she ground her pussy against him lewdly, her hands going to his shoulders to support herself as she came. He wrapped his hands around her narrow waist and held her tightly, letting her know that he wouldn't let her fall. His tongue flicked her nipple continuously, as she bucked and arched under his embrace.

At last her climax subsided, and she let out a long, satisfied sigh. She looked down at him and smiled. Then she laughed.

"I guess I never told you how sensitive my breasts were, did I?" she said, looking slightly embarrassed. She made a quick grimace. It was cute, and he loved her immediately for it.

He looked up at her, his eyes wide. "Oh, really?" he joked. "Is that what that was all about?" He pulled himself up to stand before her again, his hands still on her waist. Smiling down at her, he said, "Well, now I can't wait to see what else is sensitive!"

With that, he flipped the zipper at the back of her shorts down, and in one easy motion, peeled the pants down over her hips. She stepped out of them, leaving her only in a pair of white thong panties. They had a significant wet stain on the front of them! She noticed that, and went to remove them, embarrassed again.

"No. Don't," he said. "Leave them on for a bit." He pulled her into his chest again and kissed her, long and hard. She melded into his embrace. When finally they broke, they were both panting again.

"On the bed," he said, and turned her with his hands. She walked to the bed, aware of his gaze on her panty-clad ass as she walked. When she reached the bed, she turned and sat on the end of it. Sure enough, he was just standing there, his cock thick and erect, watching her. His hands were on his hips, and a smile played across his features as he looked at her. He uttered one word before walking to her.

"Beautiful."

Then he was before her, his cock at her face again. He took her head in his hands, but instead of impaling her on his hardness, he bent to kiss her again, angling her face to meet his. It was another long, sweet kiss. When it was over, he went to his knees again, spreading her thighs with his hands. She leaned back, using her hands to support herself as his head dipped to her crotch.

The touch of his tongue on the front of her cotton panties was electric. She gasped, one quick intake of breath, and then another as he began to lick her. He dragged his tongue up the front of her pussy, and the feel of it, outside the thin material, was unimaginably erotic. She raised herself, involuntarily, completely off the bed. His hands slid around under her ass cheeks.

"Ohhhhh," she moaned. God, this felt good!

He began to lap at her more urgently now, and she thrust herself at him, undulating with every maddening stroke of his tongue. She tried to keep her eyes on his, but at last let her head loll back, and finally went onto her back, as her hands could no longer support her weight. Still he held her ass in his hands, holding her tightly as he ministered to her.

When his mouth closed over her pussy, she become to come. 

"Oh, god, yessss!" she hissed, as the first pleasurable wave hit her. "Yesssss!" Her speech became more a series of yelps and groans then, as she exploded into his mouth. He continued to suck at her through the cotton, pressing the material inside her lips with his tongue. She felt as if her head was going to come off, as she thrashed on the bed, arching her back and shaking her head violently from side to side. Her voice was a long, continuous wail now, as she climaxed again and again.

He knew, as her orgasm subsided, that he couldn't wait any longer. He wanted to give her time to get her breathing back under control, to take her slowly up that long grade toward another satisfying climax, but his cock was telling him otherwise now. It pulsed and throbbed, aching to be inside her. As usual, it won.

He raked at the sides of her panties, pulling them roughly down her hips. She cooperated, raising her ass to allow them to clear the bed, and he tore them down her legs. Rising before her, he looked at her for a moment before he moved between her thighs. She was still gasping a little, but watching his face. The look of lust on her own face told him it was okay.

"Fuck me," she ordered. She wanted a hard, merciless fuck. Right now. She wanted to be taken, to feel his thickness in her, stretching her. Using her. Later, he could be tender with her, she knew.

As he forced himself between her labia, he felt the resistance subsiding. He knew she would be tight, knew her orgasm would have constricted the walls of her pussy, but he knew she wanted him, too. Her eyes had told him that. He pushed steadily in, and soon was buried within her. God, she was so hot!

The first few strokes were easy, but soon he couldn't control himself. He began to slam himself in and out, loving the feel of her cunt lips around his cock as he pulled out and then pounded back in. Her voice urged him on, as she murmured encouragement.

"Oh, yeah." "Oh, god." "That's it." "Right there."

With every pounding stroke, her voice became a little more insistent, a little more animal-like. Soon, it was nothing more than a throaty growl, evidence of her growing pleasure. He hammered relentlessly, his own pleasure building in waves. He could feel the first stirrings at the base of his balls, and knew it was going to come soon. He upped his assault.

When he knew his release was imminent, he moved his thumb to her clit, pressing it down against the top of his cock. He knew she was straining to come, too; to go over the edge with him. That did it. The last half-dozen strokes were pure unadulterated sensation, for both of them. As he roared his release, she joined him in a chorus of lust, of pure animal pleasure.

"Ah, GODDDDD!!" he yelled, shooting the first of many thick ropelets of cum into her depths. She felt it hit, and her orgasm went through the roof.

"Aaaiiiieeeehhh!!" she screamed. "Oh, my.......... godddddd!" She had never come so hard. So completely. She continued to scream as she took his load inside her body, feeling every pulse of his wonderful cock. Her genital muscles grasped and flexed around him, milking him for every drop. She couldn't stop the sensations inside her. Every movement of his set off another series of tiny electric shocks, deep in her core.

When it ended, her throat was hoarse, her mouth dry from taking in great gasping breaths of air. His, too. He licked his lips, trying to restore some moisture to his parched mouth. They both struggled to regain some semblance of a regular heartbeat, but they could feel one another's chests rising and falling as they lay together.

"Oh my god," he said at last, and she giggled.

"Ditto." She took a long sigh and said, "That was...amazing."

He nuzzled her neck and licked her earlobe quickly, bringing goosebumps across the skin of her neck and shoulders, which he could feel. His legs were suddenly tight and cramping, as he was still half-off the end of the bed between her thighs.

"I've gotta move," he apologized, and went to rise. She held him tightly, though, refusing to let him go.

"One more," she said.

He chuckled suddenly, pondering what she meant. "Already?" he thought. "What did she think he was? A robot?" He started to say that he needed more time, when she clarified her statement.

"Another kiss."

This he did gladly, bearing the pain of his cramping legs as her lips opened to his. He felt he could have stayed here forever, even if it did mean forfeiting the use of his lower extremities. Their tongues danced with each others' as they mashed their mouths together. Her mouth was so erotic, in itself. When at last they broke, he looked into her eyes and smiled. They said it at the same time.

"I love you."