 We had been a couple for years when we were 18. First loves. They say you will always love your first love. I always will. Even now 10 years later I think about her often. I remember the feeling of the burning passion inside. What it felt like to have a whole day to think about a person and not worry about a mortgage payment, will the kids need to get picked up and when. We had a great relationship. We were best friends, and lovers. In the end it was different timing that caused us to split. She wanted marriage, and when I finally realized that hey yes my first love could be the only one I love she had moved on. Some times you don't realize what you have until it is gone.

At the end she had wanted to go shopping. I had just gotten a huge bonus at work so off to the mall we went. We bought her so much stuff it was crazy that day. At Victoria's Secret we bought so much we had 2 big bags full. She promised to model every piece when we got home. I suggested we leave the mall as she was driving me crazy. Opening the changing room door at the next store to ask if what she had on fit and looked good, only to be standing there in her birthday suit.

Lisa had a great body, she stood 5'8" tall, slender, but she had great womanly curves. She wore a 36C bra, she had straight auburn hair that hung just below her shoulders. She always did her nails. She could clean up great and be the perfect girl to bring home to mom and dad, or turn that same package into the ultimate slut look in the bedroom. 

We headed home quickly after she tried on her birthday suit. In the car she decided to model one of the bra and panty sets she had gotten. The one she liked the most. They were perfect for her. Sheer mesh, and white. They showed her tan skin off like she was a goddess. She was my goddess. I watched as she pulled her shirt over her head revealing her perfect breasts, her nipples standing hard and tall. What I would have given right then to kiss them. She then unzipped her shorts slowly, and put her feet up on the dash. She raised her ass from the seat and pushed them down her legs. This left her in just her panties, a flimsy small v-string she loved to wear since it was more of a tease than real panties. They never covered her snatch. She proceeded to spread her legs wide, almost hitting my arm with one as she ran her freshly painted finger nail over her visibly wet snatch. Slowly to maximize the show she slid a finger into her snatch. As she pulled it out, it glistened in the sun with her wetness. She placed her finger in my mouth offering me a prelude of what was to come, or cum... 

How I stayed on the road was beyond me. She pulled off her panties and threw them my direction. She asked me what I though of my figure model of the day as she slid around in her seat acting like she was on a runway modeling the latest fashion. My cock hurt from being so hard. She slid the new panties on with much fan fare. Finally on I could see her snatch like they weren't even there. She was so wet that they had soaked through as soon as she put them on. The bra didn't hide a thing either, her nipples were still so hard they stuck straight out. She had just gotten the bra on when we got off the highway near the house. Stopped at the light she leaned her body over and offered me one of her nipples through her bra. A quick lick was as all I could get in before the light changed. She pushed back into her seat using my cock as a guide. She said that I hadn't sucked her tit's enough and she was going to have to finish the job. She grabbed her right tit and pushed it to her mouth while leaning down. She could easily reach her nipple with her tongue. She circled her nipple with precision. She knew better than anyone what turned her on, as well as those around watching. 

When we got to the house we didn't even get out of the car before she jumped on top of me. The garage door was headed down as she was pulling my cock from my shorts. She pushed her new panties to the side and my cock slid right in. The horn blew a few times as she rocked back and forth which I am sure the neighbors were confused by, but I really couldn't have cared at the time. She came quickly as I started to suck her tits while she kept rocking back and forth.

Soon we headed inside with our purchases. I fell to the couch and unzipped my shorts. Hard as a rock I wasn't done and neither was she. 

She ran to the bedroom with the Victoria's Secret bags and said she would be back very soon, to take care of myself while she got into something slutty. It wasn't log before she returned in my favorite outfit, or at least my favorite outfit of the minute. She had gotten a long sheer gown and thigh high stockings. All black. I love sheer since you can see through it, but there is something there. She spun around a few times, pulled one of her tits with still rock hard nipples out and started sucking on it. She looked so hot there sucking on her tit. A few licks later she promised another outfit. 

She returned just seconds later in a pair of black strappy heels and the thigh highs which had been my request. There is something about black strappy heels when Lisa wears them with black stockings. I can blow my load almost immediately just looking at Lisa with her legs spread begging for me to fuck her right then. She knows this well, this isn't the first pair of new heels we have bought. She sat down across the room from me and spread her legs, putting one on each of the arms of the chair. She just sat and looked at me, lust pouring from her eyes. I just sat there looking at the hottest, sexiest babe on the planet. She finally said "NOW". No wasted words, no question what she meant. I got up pulled my shirt off picked up her from the chair and carried her to the bedroom. I laid her on the bed and got myself between her legs. Her legs were over my shoulders as my cock slid into her completely. "Fuck me, fuck me hard, fuck me now, and fuck me till I tell you to stop" I couldn't help it and she knew it, my full load was now deep in her snatch. She cried out in lust "Yes, Yes, Yes" with each hot pulse of cum. 

That was almost 10 years ago, but it was the last time we had sex. We had a fight and she moved out. She claimed she never wanted to talk again, this that and the other thing. Not long afterwards she called and said she missed talking with me. We didn't talk long but it was nice to hear her voice. She had started to see a guy, a rebound guy who she later married. We talk often now. We see each other for lunch, but have always behaved since. No touching, kissing, or otherwise. We have flirted with each other via email, but in person it is always polite. Today she emailed me "I want to go shopping tomorrow...and I don't mean shopping!"