 When I was graduating high school, I took a girl named Camille, to my senior prom. I was in love with her.

However, because of circumstances, that was the last time I saw her.

A few years later, I met and married my current wife, Lisa.

For years, Lisa and I really enjoyed ourselves. We both loved sex and each of us were free to enjoy others as long as we did it openly and told each other about our adventures.

By the way, my name is John. I am 45, 5'8", 175, s/p hair, hazel eyes and in good health.

Lisa is 44, 5'8", 125, nice body, big tits and nipples, long black curly hair, green eyes and a very nice ass.

We have done the swinging scene and more.

One day, I told Lisa that I booked us at a Hedonism resort in Jamaica for a week for our vacation.

She was excited and said she had to buy some new things to bring with her.

A week later, we were on our way to Jamaica.

When we got there, we checked in and were shown our room, which was right on the beach.

The room had two bedrooms with king sized beds with canopies over them.

Right outside our sliding door was the sand and ocean and there was even an awning over the patio to keep the hot sun off of us. It was a breathtaking sight.

We got undressed and went out to the patio. There weren't too many people there but what was there, was awfully nice to look at.

After an hour or so, we saw this woman walking our way. I turned to Lisa and wondered aloud who she was going to hit on, and we laughed.

The woman was in her forties, slender with nice tits.

When she got to me, she said, "John, I never did properly thank you for taking me to your high school prom."

She bent down and kissed me deeply.

I could see Lisa staring..."Camille, my God, is that really you?"

I turned to Lisa and told her that this was Camille, the girl I took to my senior prom and haven't seen in over twenty-five years.

I moved over on my Lounge and she sat down.

I asked her how she knew I was here. She said she saw us in the lobby but wasn't sure if it was me. She said she asked the clerk my name and when he told me, I knew it was you.

Camille told us she was with her husband, Bob, who was out snorkeling, and that it was his idea to come down.

I told her she looked gorgeous and that I still could not believe it is her.

Lisa then said for us to go for a walk to catch up as she was going inside to shower and rest up.

I asked Camille if she wanted to go and she shook her head yes.

We all got up and as Lisa went inside, Camille and I took a walk.

As we walked, I mentioned to her that Lisa and I are swingers and enjoy the company of others for sex. I also told her that Lisa has starred in a couple of porno movies, under the name of Lisa.

Camille seemed astonished at my telling her all this information. It was then that she told me why her and her husband were here.

"John," she said, "My sex life with Bob has not been too good. We came here hoping that we could generate some new sexual feelings and expand in trying new things."

I asked her if she wanted our help and she said yes.

I told her what to expect and if she was prepared for it. I asked her if she would be ok with seeing her husband fucking another woman or if he would be ok with seeing you get fucked by anothet guy.

She said that they discussed all of the scenarios and agreed that what happens here is fine with them.

I told her I would discuss it with Lisa and if she is ok with helping you, it was fine with me.

As we walked, I smiled and told her she still owed me for taking her to the prom. She looked at my nakedness and asked me what I wanted. I looked at her and told her to give me a blow job. She smiled and said ok, at the next secluded spot. I told her I wanted her to suck me off right here and now, in front of others.

My cock was already hard and Camille got on her knees and started sucking my cock. Even as strangers passed us, she kept sucking me.

In a short time, I told her I was going to cum. With my cock in her mouth, she nodded yes. In seconds, I shot my cum into Camille's mouth as I could feel her trying to swallow all of it.

When she sucked out every drop of cum, she got up and kissed me.

As we walked back, she gave me her room number and her cell phone number.

I told her I would call her later.

When we got back, we kissed and went to our rooms.

I entered our room and I saw Lisa lying on the bed naked. I went over and gave her a little kiss and she opened her eyes and smiled.

"Well, did you fuck your prom date?" she asked. I told her I didn't but I did get her to give me a blow job and we laughed.

I told Lisa what Camille wanted and that she asked for our help. Lisa said she would help and for me to call her to invite them to join us for dinner. Lisa also told me to tell Camille to dress sexy and leave her bra and panty off.

I called Camille and told her Lisa and I would help. I also told her to join us for dinner and, as Lisa requested, not to wear a bra or panty.

Camille said ok and agreed to dine with us at 7:00 in the main dining room.

Lisa and I went to the dining room and spotted Camille and Bob at a table, in the corner. We went over and we introduced ourselves to Bob and then sat down.

Bob looked like he was in his mid forties, about 6', 185, blondish hair, blue eyes and looked like to exercised a lot. I knew Lisa must have been licking her chops.

The four of us ordered and had a great dinner and conversation.

Camille and I did some reminiscing and it must have bored Lisa and Bob, because they excused themselves to do some dancing.

As Camille and I were talking, I pointed out to Camille that Lisa liked Bob and would probably be fucking him tonight and if she would be ok with that. She said she would, as long as she got laid tonight too. I told her she would and we laughed.

By the time dinner was over, we had consumed a couple of bottles of wine and we were all feeling fine.

I asked our guests if they wanted to come back to our room for a night cap. Both of them said ok at the same time and off we went to our room. 

When we got to the room, Lisa told them to get comfortable as she went into the bedroom.

In a few minutes, my lovely wife came out wearing a very short black see through cover-up with nothing on underneath.

I thought Bob was going to feint at the sight of my lovely wife.

I looked at Camille and told her to get undressed. She looked at us and Bob, stood up and slipped off her dress, revealing that she wasn't wearing anything underneath.

Bob looked at his wife and told her she looked amazing. 

I also undressed and in a couple of seconds, I was naked and my cock was already twitching.

Bob then decided to follow suit and removed his clothes.

I thought Lisa was going to die when she saw his cock. Bob's cock must have been eight to nine inches long and as thick as coke can. His big balls hung nicely under his cock.

Finally, we were all naked and I started pouring more wine.

Lisa went over to Bob and sat besides him, while I moved over to Camille and sat besides her.

Lisa, never the shy one, started playing with Bob's cock and in no time, it was nice and hard.

Camille and I watched and played with each other as Lisa and Bob got into it.

Soon, Bob was kissing Lisa and she was responding by pulling him closer. In no time, Lisa moved her mouth down to Bob's cock and she started sucking it.

Camille looked at me and then placed her mouth over my cock and started sucking my cock. I could see that Bob was watching his wife while Lisa sucked his cock.

Lisa then got up, took Bob by the hand, and announced that she was going into the bedroom with Bob to fuck and we could join them if we wanted to.

I looked at Camille and asked her for she wanted to join them and in an instant, said yes.

The four of us were now on our king sized bed, naked and playing with each other.

Bob was on his back and we watched as Lisa mounted Bob and straddled his hard cock. In a short time, Camille and I watched as Lisa's cunt swallowed all of Bob's big cock until it completely disappeared in her cunt.

Lisa started riding Bob's cock with her tits bouncing up and down. Soon, Bob yelled out that he was coming and then shot his load deep into my wife's cunt.

Camille pushed me down on my back and straddled my cock and I could see Lisa and Bob watching as my cock disappeared in Camille's cunt.

She rode me like there was no stopping her. She must have had at least four orgasms until I shot my cum in her.

We all fell to the side, spent but wanting more.

Our guests spent the night with us and we all fucked numerous times. 

At one point, when Bob was asleep, Lisa and Camille moved to the other room and the other king sized bed. I joined them and we had a very enjoyable threesome, Camille's first.

Lisa and Camille enjoyed each other as well as I watched 

It was Camille's first time with a woman, alone and from what I saw, she loved it.

The next morning, I asked Bob and Camille if they enjoyed themselves and both said they did.

I whispered to Camille if this is what she had in mind. She said yes but was hoping that more people could join them. I told her we would work on getting more and that we would set it all up.

Camille gave me a kiss and told Bob that we were going inside so she could fuck me and he could join us for he wanted to.

Camille and I got up and went into the bedroom. Both, Lisa and Bob joined us.

As Camille and I were fucking, she told Bob that while he was sleeping last night, she had a threesome with me and Lisa and then she and Lisa played with each other.

Bob's eyes lit up and said he was sorry he missed it all. Lisa said to Bob that he will get to see that and more, if he wanted to.

Bob said he wanted to see everything Camille does and smiled.

After Camille and I fucked, we all showered and hit the beach, naked.

Bob staid by Lisa and Camille and I spent the day together.

During the day, it wasn't uncommon for Camille to start playing or sucking my cock as other guests watched. 

At one point, Lisa was being watched by a young couple in their twenties as she rode Bob's cock.

I asked the couple if they wanted to join us and they came over and said yes.

Without any introductions, Camille and I took the couple inside and the four of got on the bed and we all fucked. The young guy must have shot a couple of loads in Camille before he left.

When we finished, Camille told Bob that the young guy came in her twice.

Bob looked at her and pointed to her cunt and told her his cum was oozing out of her and he laughed.

I decided to take a walk and I met a woman in her early thirties and we started talking. Her name was Diane. She told me her husband had an emergency back home and had to leave, so she was here alone for the rest of the week.

I told her of our situation and asked if she cared to join our little group of four. I emphasized that there will be a lot of sex within the group. Without hesitation she said yes.

We walked back to the room and I introduced Diane to the group.

Just then, Bob jumped up and said to Lisa, "I know who you are. You are the porn star. I saw both your movies. I even recognize you without your mask."

Lisa blushed and asked him how he knew. 

Bob said, "Lisa, it is your pussy cat tattoo near your cunt. I would recognize that anywhere."

Lisa admitted to everyone that he was right and smiled.

After all that bit of excitement, I told everyone about Diane and told the group that Diane was joining us.

We welcomed her and Lisa told her she could use the second bedroom.

That night, after dinner, all of us went skinny dipping and then on our way back to our room for some drinks and lots of sex, we met the young couple from earlier. I told them we were going back to our room for drinks and sex and if they wanted to join us. The both said yes and to the room we went.

I poured some wine for everyone and as we chatting, naked of course, Bob asked Lisa what it was like being a porn star.

Lisa looked at me and I told her to tell them.

Lisa said ok but she will give the short story version.

As she started, everyone listened. I also saw Bob playing with the young woman and Camille playing with the young guy.

Lisa said that we were approached about doing a porno after the producer saw me fucking four black guys with really big cocks at a private sex club.

When we met the producer, he said the money would be great and he met all my demands. He only had one and that was to shave my pussy smooth so people could see my pussycat tattoo.

The actual making of the movie was fun since I love sex.

I made a small fortune and retired after the two movies.

By the time Lisa was finished, people were paired off and already into the bedrooms fucking.

It was great seeing Camille and Bob fucking others.

Lisa and I took Diane and had a threesome with her. She was incredible and gave me a terrific blow job and when I came in her mouth, she quickly pulled Lisa to her and kissed her, sharing all my cum with her.

After that, I just watched all the action, occasionally joining a couple as they played together.

When morning came, naked bodies were all over the place. Everyone had their share of cum on them. It was great not seeing Bob with Camille in bed together, but rather with complete strangers.

I woke up Camille and asked her how things were going with Bob and if she thinks their sex life will improve.

She quietly said to me that this experience is exactly what they needed. She said that Lisa is terrific and her helping has been a blessing.

She also said that Bob is thrilled with everything and especially seeing me with other men and women. I told him that I am fine with watching him fuck other women.

Camille then asked if Lisa and I could arrange for them to fuck at least a few people at one time.

I told them that we had Diane and the young couple so far and that I would try to get two other couples. I also asked if it would be ok if I got a black guy. She said anyone would be fine.

Since we only had one more night, I had to arrange everything for tonight.

I told Lisa my plan and she agreed with me 100%.

Diane and the young couple agreed so I only had to get a couple more.

After breakfast, I took off on my own to see what I can find.

As I walked the shoreline, I heard rustling in the shrubs and decided to take a peek. There was a couple, in their sixties, fucking and it made no difference I was watching. After the guy came, I asked them if they cared to join us tonight for a sex party. They eargerly agreed.

I continued down the beach and there was a black guy just relaxing. The guy's cock must have been twelve inches and very thick.

I asked him if he would be interested in fucking some white women tonight. He gave me a big grin and I gave him all the information and headed back.

When I got back, I informed everyone about tonight's activities and if anyone wanted out, now was the time to let me and Lisa know.

Everyone agreed and we just waited for our guests. I had ordered room service for food and drink which was on its way to the room.

By the time our guests arrived, the food and drinks were set up and available.

While we were waiting, everyone got naked and were relaxing.

The elderly couple arrived, followed by the black guy.

When they came in, they conformed to the dress code and got naked.

After everyone ate and drank, Lisa told everyone that the night was theirs and whatever they wanted to do with whoever they wanted was ok and for the party to begin.

I saw Bob go with the older woman and Camille went with the older guy. Diane went with the young man and his young wife went with the black guy. Lisa and I just watched what was taking place. 

Lisa joined the young wife and black guy and I watched as Lisa let the guy fuck her ass as the young wife was underneath Lisa eating her cunt and playing with Lisa's tits as they hung down.

I then watched Camille and the old guy, who was ramming his cock into her and she was fucking him back and ready to orgasm.

Bob was fucking the older woman and I watched as he shot his cum all over the woman.

I quickly joined the older woman and slid my cock in her wet cunt and started to fuck her. I saw her husband watching us with a smile. It didn't take long for me to cum in her.

I saw Diane and the young guy fucking and watched until she had multiple orgasms.

All through the night, everyone had each other. I even played with the older guy, and as everyone watched, I let the young guy fuck my ass until he shot his load in me.

Lisa, never missing anything, came over and started licking the cum out my hole.

However, the best part was when the black guy fucked Camille.

We all watched as the guy struggled to get his huge cock into her cunt. Bob was mesmerized at the sight of his lovely wife spread eagled, with her legs spread as wide as they could, to allow his cock access to her cunt.

Soon, his cock was fully seated deep in her cunt as he started to fuck her.

Bob started yelling encouragement to them, telling him to fuck his white wife hard.

Camille started yelling for the guy to fuck her faster and harder. Her body arched upwards as he rammed his big cock into her cunt.

Soon, we could see he was ready to cum. In a second, he shot stream after stream of cum into her. His cum was flowing out of her cunt as he continued his assault on her cunt.

Camille must have had a dozen orgasms and Lisa rushed over to her to calm her down.

It was a sight we had never seen before.

Bob rushed over to her expressing his love for her and telling her how great she was.

The sex went on until the sun came up.

In the morning, everyone left except Bob and Camille.

Since our flights were not until this evening, we were able to spend a few more hours having sex with each other before we left.

Camille and Bob thanked us for helping them seeing sex in a new light. 

Lisa and Camille became good friends and we exchanged numbers and addresses.

At least twice a year we get together for a weekend of sex and we go down to Jamaica once a year for abandoned sex.

As we were at the airport, I asked Camille if she would like to swap places with Lisa sometime and Camille just looked at me and gave me her private number and said that anytime Lisa wanted to swap, she would gladly do it. 

Camille gave me a kiss and we said our goodbyes.

On the plane, I told Lisa what Camille said. Lisa turned to me and said she knew and that next month, the first wife swap would take place and smiled.