 Arriving at the door at about 3 pm on a Thursday, I shiver with anticipation as to what will happen next. I set my small duffel down next to the door, and I look at the wooden frame, searching for the doorbell. I locate the softly glowing button and place my finger upon it. AS I push it down, the light fades away and a soft chime can be heard from within. It doesn't take long for the handle to begin to turn and the door widens. I look into you face for the first time. You smile at me broadly. I look at your face, framed by your hair, falling just below your bare, tanned shoulders. The straps of the red top are thin. They hold up a tight fitting shirt that is low cut, exposing some cleavage of your well formed breasts. The tight fabric shows the shape, and size. It clings to your narrowing waist. You have tight white shorts on. They fall to well above your knees to expose most of your well defined thighs. You have no shoes one and I can notice the colored polish on you toes. I look back into your face, and you smile.

"Like what your see?" You ask, as the door opens further. 

I smile broadly, walk forward and pull you tightly into my arms. My lips firmly on yours. Startled, but not scared, you hesitate, than open your mouth to accept my kiss. Our tongues dance, as our arms pull each other close. One of my hands falls to your ass and I feel the well defined muscles under your shorts. My other holds your shoulders firm, not letting up. Your arms are locked around me as you enjoy the warmth and pleasure of our embrace. Our tongues dance, first in your mouth then mine. We pull back and you playfully lick my nose. I look in your eyes, 

"Do I need to say more?" And I laugh a little.

"No way, please come in!" And our embrace parts, but you hold my hand leading me into your home. We walk into the main room, a tastefully decorated place, reflecting good taste. Soft music plays in the background, sounds like beach music. You walk me to a couch and we sit down. Your knees together pointing towards me. Your hand still in mine. I don't think the smile has left your face, since I walked in. 

We did the small talk for only a few minutes, "I am glad that I came." I exclaimed.

"I am also glad; I think we will have some fun! Do you like Jimmy Buffet? There is a cover band at this local bar that plays his music, it has a dirt floor, and decorated like the Caribbean."

"Sound great! When do we leave?" I stood to my feet.

"Not so fast!" you say, "I think we need to do something first, just for you, then I think the rest of the evening will be more fun!" You shift and kneel before me, your eyes locked on mine. You run your hands up my legs. I tense my muscles at your light touch. Your hands reach my shorts, and move to my ass. You squeeze my cheeks, a slight grin on your face and you lean in. Your mouth opens and you take the tab of my shorts in your teeth, and pull back and forth, almost like a dog with a toy. I stand motionless. You pull away, moving your hands back to my thighs, and run your fingers up under my shorts. There is no question I am as hard as can be. You move first one hand then the other up and brush my straining cock in my shorts. You raise an eyebrow at the reaction, of my cock jumping. You smile more and look down at my belt, your hands following your gaze, to the buckle to loosen it. After you have the belt opened, you waist no time and undo the button and zipper. I feel the cool air in the house on my bulging manhood. The tip exposed through the slit in my boxers. Your hand reaches around to the back of my shorts and begins to push down the fabric. With a motion my hard cock pops free and points right at your face. You take it in one hand, and cup my balls with the other. Your eyes back on mine, as you stroke the flesh. I can feel a finger of one of your hands press gently beneath my balls. This almost sends me over the edge, and you realize it. With a single motion you have the entire length in your mouth. Pressing to the back of your throat. You push your face so that your nose is pressed into the skin above where it joins my body. One hand still fondling my balls, and the other, I see disappearing. You pull back off to swirl your tongue on the sensitive tip. I feel your lips pressed firmly on the sides. You tongue gliding along the edge. You move back down, beginning to repeat this motion. I feel the urge to cum, I try and fight it off, this feels to good. You know that I am near. Your hand again presses firmly on the soft spot below my balls at the same time your tongue licks the tip of my cock. The first shudder wracks my body, and you move your mouth firmly onto me. Your hand continues to play with my balls as they empty into your waiting mouth. I release all that I have into you, with my eyes closed. I finally finish and look down at you, your mouth still encircling me, and your eyes on mine. You pull off the sensitive flesh with a smack of your lips. Eyes still locked, I see you swallow down what I have given you. I now notice where your hand had disappeared to, and it was between your legs. 

"Wow" is all I can mutter. 

You smile, and run your tongue up my softening member. You lightly kiss the tip and begin to rise to your feet. Running your hand across your lips, I lean in and kiss you gently upon your mouth. You are surprised by this. A gentle peck and we back away.

I begin to say something, and your put a hand to my lips to quiet me. "No words, not about that. Let's just enjoy the evening." I watch as you bend down and pull my boxers and shorts over me. I button and zip them, and affix the belt. 

"The show starts at 8, but they serve a killer seafood dinner, and have happy hour at 4, so let's go, we can walk!" You begin to walk to a mirror hanging on a wall near the entrance. You look at your hair, and begin to fuss with it. You also look at your make-up. The lipstick is slightly smeared, and your hair is a little messed up. You say, I need to straighten up a little, I will be right back." 

You begin to walk to another room, when I grab your arm. "No, leave it, I like the way you look."

You look at me, and smile, "at least let me fix my lipstick, I think I left most of it on you!' 

Knowing that the battle was lost, I let your arm go, you return shortly, lipstick perfect and your hair the same. "I look like I was busy." You say.

I nod and smile. 

We walk hand in hand to what looks like a tent with lights and a bar at one end. We enter and find a seat at the bar. The bartender, a younger guy, knows you and eyes me. You grab my arm and pull me close, "Lets do a shot to get started, and then we will see where things lead." 

We pour the shots of the cheap tequila down and you pull me close, kissing me deep tasting the liquor on my mouth. "OK that is a good start," I quip, "lets try a Kamikazes" The bartender smiles and turns to make the drinks, I put my hand on your crossed leg, stroking the soft flesh, high up your thigh. You lean in and quickly lick my ear before the drinks are placed before us. We taste the sweet drink and pour them down quickly. I feel the buzz hitting me already, I think you do also. 

Another bartender shows up as more people arrive. This young girl has a tight white shirt across her ample breast with the name of the bar stretching across the front. He shorts, not as short as yours, are green. I look and see that the floor of the bar is sandy, and she isn't wearing any shoes, just like we aren't.

The girl reaches up to turn on the stereo, stretching high. I can't help but look at her tanned legs and firm butt. "Looking is ok, "you say into my ear, "but tonight you are all mine!" 

I kiss you on the cheek, "You got nothing to worry about, she is a tease, and you are the real thing." You pause at this, looking in my eyes, I wonder if I said something wrong. You just lean your head down on my chest and rub my back with your arm.

We order a ½ dozen raw oysters. I take the first one, and hold it to your lips. You lean back as I pour the salty meat down your throat. A satisfied "ahhh" comes out as you enjoy the treat. You do the same to me. "These work you know." I said.

"Oh yes they do." You smile and we finish them off. We order another drink, a margarita this time. They are huge, salty and wonderfully tasting. The dinner buffet is of fresh fish, veggies and we eat our fill. Finishing the first margarita off, we are well buzzed, and then the band takes the stage. They are all wearing the tacky aloha shirts, and are barefoot. Trying to get the look of just coming off the sailboat. Clapping comes from the crowd, as they begin to play. You grab my hand and we hit the sandy dance floor. A fast song (as fast as Jimmy does) rings out and we move around with the crowd. I prove my complete lack of dancing skill, but you don't seem to mind. A slower ballad of Jimmy's comes on, and I pull you close. Our hips are locked together as we sway to the music. Your hands clasped behind my neck and mine around your waist. Our eyes never part as we move slowly on the dark dance floor. WE move in rhythm with each other. 

"I can feel you growing" You whisper in my ear.

"I wonder what if I would find my hand dry, if I went exploring...." I reply.

You just look in my eyes and kiss me. The darkened dance floor is crowded with more people than we notice; we only have eyes for each other. Following one ballad with another, the band plays on. We continue to move, lost in each others eyes. 

"I think we need to get back to your place. " I speak softly into your ear. I then gently nibble on the soft flesh of your lobe. You stiffen as I think I have found a spot that you enjoy. You push me away and grab my hand, leading me from the floor. The short distance to your place is quickly covered; at times I think you are running. The door slams open, and I pull you quickly and not altogether gently into my arms. Our lips are pressed firmly together and our hands are exploring everywhere. Our breath is coming out loudly as our heart beats rapidly increase. I push you up against a wall, I notice a picture goes askew, but you pay it no heed. I can feel one of your legs wrapping around my waist as we continue to kiss hard and fast. With a flick of your hand you slam the door shut, and we are plunged into a dim light, only a soft nightlight illuminates the room. I pull at your shorts, fumbling with the button, and finally succeed in opening the tight fabric. At the same time you are doing the same to me. Although you have more to deal with, your excitement speeds your hands along. I push your shorts over the curve of your ass, my fingers feeling the sweaty flesh underneath. You move almost in tandem to do the same, my hard cock pointing out as we both kneel to get the fabric out of the way. We find each others lips again and I feel my manhood pressing against the hair of your pussy. Not inside of you, yet, put pressed firmly between us. I pull my mouth away from yours, hold your eyes with mine and put my hands under your ass cheeks. I lift you up, sliding you slightly against the wall and press forward. I feel the tip find the now wet slit. I can see the anticipation in your eyes. I lower you down onto me, I hold you up slightly, but most of you weight is pressing me deep inside of you. You arms wrap around my shoulders and press against my head. I begin to lift with my legs; the miles of cycling have made them strong. I thrust harder and harder, lifting you and pressing you into the wall. Your ankles are locked around my back. We let our lips part, and our foreheads touch. I hold your gaze, and every thrust, your eyes blink. A sound, almost a grunt comes from you, as I thrust into you. I can feel your legs tighten their grip on me, your hands firmly wrapped around my neck. 

"Oh god," you softly whisper, as I can feel more of your muscles tense. You put your head back and close your eyes, exposing your neck. I lean in and begin to kiss the warm skin and continue to thrust inside of you. A slight shudder and you push your head down. You pull my mouth to yours and although our lips are smashed together, they are motionless. The orgasm overcomes you. I continue to push inside of you throughout, and that extends the pleasure. Our lips part and you smile, still riding on me. Your sweat covered face, a mask of pleasure. I can tell at that time you have finished, what I hope to be one of many climaxes. 

You leverage yourself off of me and put your legs down to the floor. You look at me, and indicate to follow. We walk down a short hallway to a bedroom, you turn on a light. Tastefully decorated, in a woman's nautical touch. Light blues pervade. You stop in front of a beautiful sleigh bed, room enough for two! You reach out and lift off my shirt. Then you take yours off. Once we are both nude, I look longingly at you. The soft curves of your hips, the neatly trimmed bush. I lift my hand up and stroke the flesh of your bare breasts. I move you to the bed, and push you down on the soft comforter. The lights remain on, as I stand over you. Not only my eyes transfixed on you. I kneel between your own knees, and fall into your arms. Your hands reach around me as I enter you again. When in the hallway we attacked in a fury, now a gentle rhythm begins. I slowly retreat and enter you. Feeling the warm of you engulf me. We kiss gently, but mostly just watch each other. I feel your nails run down my back and that causes a shiver to follow. I smile with you at this. I can feel my climax approach. My legs tighten, as the point nears. I can feel you pulling me in, both with the muscles of your sex, and with your hands on my ass. I stiffen and I can feel the warm fluid erupting deep inside of you. I push as far into you as I can, and stay as still as I can. My cum empties inside of you as I begin to relax. My arms, stiff from holding myself up, fold and my body rests against you. I can feel the flesh of your breasts pressing into me. I kiss you gently, now our mouths joined again, but not with the firmness of before. I feel my manhood releasing inside of you, but I keep the pressure between your legs. As the last of the firmness retreats, I sadly exit your warmth. 

I lie next to you, our legs entwined in each others. One of my arms resting under the pillow that your head is on. The others fingertips running across your cooling skin, creating goose bumps as they pass. We talk the inane talk of post sex. Kissing occasionally. My hand drips to one of your legs, which is draped over mine, and I feel the soft skin. The talk slows as we begin to drift off, our bodies almost melting together, where one starts and the other end isn't clear. Soon, the exhaustion takes us over, and we fall into a satisfied sleep, with only the others warmth, like any other would be needed. 

I awoke in the same position, holding you close. You shallow breathing indicating that you still slept. I just looked at your face while you still dozed. Your hair falling lightly over one eye, your lips slightly pursed. I take one of my hands and run the back of it down the exposed cheek, enjoying the softenss of your face. Your eyes open and you smile, "Good morning, what wonderful dreams I had!" you say, "Oh wait they weren't dreams." And you laugh lightly.

Smiling back at you, "you were AMAZING, and you are beautiful!"

A flush comes to your face. You lean in and kiss me gently on my lips. Still entangled, I feel your body shift as we come back to life. "what would you like to do today?" You ask with a smile.

"I think I want to explore everything about you. I want you to show me your world." I say earnestly, "Oh yeah, I think more sex also." With a grin.

"I agree on both accords! Lets get some coffee, and we can talk and plan our day." Another peck on the cheek, and we disentangle ourselves. I watch as you stand up, your back to me and stretch. I admire your form. I like the curves and could get lost in them. You look over your shoulder at me, and smile. After walking to a small closet you grab a silk robe, and tie it around your waist. It barely falls below the curve of your rear-end. I stand up and rummage in my bag, finding a pair of shorts I pull them on. I reach for a shirt, and you place a hand on my chest. No, please no shirt. Your hands run up and down the hairs on my chest. You put your head on my shoulder and close your eyes. 

I follow you out of the room, and into a small galley style kitchen. As you begin to make the coffee (aqua vita), I excuse myself to a bathroom. Taking care of that business, I return to the kitchen the smell of coffee filling the small area. You are absent and return a few moment later, to find me looking over some pictures that you have posted on the walls. You explain who they all are, Some are your adoptive parents and family, and a few less are your biological kin. You stand behind me and wrap your arms around my waist, clasping your hands together. You explain who all the people are. The coffee forgotten for now, you take me on the magical trip of reminiscence. I can feel you get a little emotional at some of the pictures, and I stroke your arms. With more details than I could absorb, we find that the coffee is brewed and that we are famished! 

I turn around in your arms, and hold you close. "Thank you for sharing that with me, although you have told me all about this before, I think it important to put faces with names." My hug is fierce and you soften in my embrace.

We pour the coffee, and stand in the cool kitchen. "Like Omelets?" I ask.

"Yes I do, I will...." You begin.

"nope, this is my doing, go sit down and look pretty!" I say with a smirk. I pull the fridge open and root around for supplies. I find what I am looking for, and open drawers, looking for a knife. You begin to say something and I shoot you a look, that says, be quiet, I will do this! Understanding you smile at me. 

I pause in my search and look at you sitting at the table. You have your cup in two hands holding it close to your face. One of your legs is crossed over the other. I am amazed at my luck. I break from my reverie, and continue the hunt. Finding what I need, I begin the preperations. The smells of onions and garlic fill the room. I create an omelette fit for a queen! Which you are. 

I serve the hot meal in front of you, and refill your coffee. You smile at me, "Wow I found out last night you can cook in the bedroom, but you also can cook in the kitchen!" We both laugh at this. 

"My skills aren't limited to those two rooms." I quip.

We discuss what we can do for the day. We tell me that you can get a small boat and tool around the lake for a while. I only have one problem, I forgot a swimsuit. You tell me that a local store has some, and we agree to do that.