 I'm so nervous, I'm literally pacing back and forth across the hotel room. It's finally happening. After months of hot online chatting, today we meet. Today we start to do all those scrumptious, nasty things we've written about. I wonder which of these two scenarios will play out when he arrives...

I'm waiting for him as instructed: in my favorite red bra and panties. I like that he didn't want me stark naked at first. I love sexy lingerie. I feel great in this set. I hope he loves it too. 

Finally, a knock on the door. My adrenaline is pumping, my heart is racing, and I can barely breathe. I peek through the door, see him, and instantly calm just a little. 

I open the door just enough for him to slip in. Our eyes meet and we both smile nervously. Then I see his eyes roam down my body, taking in how the silky red fabric envelops my breasts and hugs my hips and ass. I hold my breath until his eyes find mine again. And I see it. Desire. Wanton lust. Hunger. It's so fucking sexy, the way he's looking at me. 

Suddenly he backs me against the wall in the entryway, holding my arms above my head with one hand. His other hand cups my cheek as he moves against me, then kisses me. A demanding kiss, nothing sweet or tentative about it. He is claiming my mouth. It feels incredible. I want so much to wrap my arms around him and pull him closer still, but they are held securely. I am at his mercy. And I like it. 

After several minutes of kissing my mouth, he bends to suck on my breasts. Back and forth between them, sometimes squeezing them close so he can lick them together. His hands are roaming while he uses his mouth deliciously on my breasts. My hips, my ass, my thighs. His touches feel like they are lighting fires on my skin, even when through the silk. 

Then, in a blur of movement, he positions me on the bed, bent forward with my ass in the air, panties now gone. I expect him to start using his mouth, but instead he thrusts his hard cock into my dripping wet pussy, so deep in one thrust I almost stop breathing. He tells me he simply couldn't wait anymore. All this time he's wanted to fuck me so bad, he just couldn't hold off. I beg him to keep going. God I love how he stretches me, and how forceful his thrusts are without being painful. It feels exquisite. 

Suddenly he is rubbing my clit with a hand under me, as he continues to pump into me furiously. Oh my god. What a combination. I close my eyes and just try to focus on what my body is feeling. I feel the orgasm building, and then it breaks. What a sensation, as I clench hard around his cock inside of me. That was the first time I've ever cum with a penis inside me. It feels so much better than a toy or even fingers. I can feel him pulsing while I continue to spasm. My pussy has never felt so full. I love it. Just as I'm starting to come back to earth, he pulls out and shoots his load with a huge growl. He spurts all over my ass; I can feel it dripping. 

When he's done, he rolls to his side and pulls me down to wrap me in his arms. He's been in the room for maybe 10 minutes. Wow. This is going to be a fun first date!

...

After I answer the door, I smile. I'm so happy to finally see you in person! I give you a big hug, then grab your hand and pull you to the bed. I sit you down on the edge and pull off your shoes. Then I lay down on the bed and pull you up next to me, face to face and snuggled tight against each other. I lean forward the last bit and kiss you. A sweet sexy kiss that tells you how happy I am to see you...

We kiss for a long while, taking our time, letting our hands roam. But suddenly I can't stand that we are still dressed. I tell you it's a race to see who can get naked first! Without the burden of underwear or a bra, you win. I tell you you'll love your prize!

I ask you to position yourself with your back against the headboard and legs out and apart. I crawl between them and start to caress the penis I've seen in photos so many times. A soft, teasing touch that makes you moan. I use my hands on your shaft, head and balls, all smoothly shaven and silky. Soon you are growing harder from my teasing. 

Then I quickly bend down and take you in my mouth. I use my tongue to swirl around, then pull you out and lick up and down your shaft, around your head, and across your balls. I take you back in my mouth, deeper, sucking gently before I swirl my tongue again. Then I begin to move my mouth up and down, until after a bit you begin to set the rhythm and slowly fuck my mouth. The whole time, we've held eye contact. I love the look of pleasure on your face, and knowing I put it there. 

I decide to step things up. I start licking and sucking the sensitive area beneath your balls, working my way down to your asshole. I get it good and wet with my mouth, then slowly insert the tip of my finger. I wiggle it around a little, pull it out and massage the entrance, and re-enter. I continue to play with your ass as I resume sucking your cock. I'm more forceful now, and then tell you to fuck my mouth. You happily thrust in and out, as I continue to do with my finger in your ass. I gently fondle your balls with my other hand. 

You tell me you are close. I release you from my mouth and continue to stroke you with my hand, with my finger still playing with your ass. You moan and call out, and shoot your cum all over my breasts. 

I scoot up the bed and you wrap your arms around me as you relax into your afterglow. We are both smiling.