 He was nervous as hell. 

"What in the world am I doing?" he thought for the thousandth time.

Currently he was sitting in a hotel room, on assignment in Hawaii. Normally it would be something to put him at ease. Although not a beach person, the tropical climate, ocean breeze, and general island attitude appealed to him. Not to mention all the scantily clad babes walking around Waikiki day and night!

Yet here he was, sitting in his hotel room, his heart racing in trepidation. 

It was not a job interview or conference or anything work-related putting him in this state. It was not money-related; being all caught up on bills and past debts so such worries were now behind him. Nor was it anything to do with family life or friends. Instead, it was a woman.

Not just any woman he thought, but one of the most interesting women he had ever met. Well, not really met he mentally corrected himself, as he had never seen her in person he chuckled, but he HAD seen plenty of her.

It all started out innocently enough with her corresponding to him through an erotic story site. She enjoyed his stories—something he passed his time with to relieve both mental and sexual tension built up after being divorced for several years. In her e-mail she told him how she enjoyed his stories and wanted his opinion of her own she was writing.

Willing to help out—he himself had contacted an author whose stories he enjoyed in a similar fashion to assist him with his own writing—he eagerly offered his help. He knew full well some of the beginner mistakes of a new writer, having been through them himself in the past; as well as some of the misgivings and fears of posting your heart's desires openly before thousands, if not millions of anonymous viewers, many all too willing to flame a writer's works for no reason than to be vindictive.

Her first stories were short and lacked a bit of polish, diving straight into sex with little to no preamble. Yet even short and dirty, they awoke something deep inside him. 

His first suggestion was to flesh out the stories more, working on the characters, describing their feelings, letting the reader sink into the life of the characters. He pointed out some of the more grammatical issues new writers often had, giving suggestions on improving.

His main fear was being too critical, not wanting to deter her writing or scare her away. Her stories were definitely hot, awaking a desire deep within him. Their shortness only left him wanting more as he taught her how to prolong the story, not diving straight into the sex but immersing the reader into the story until they began to feel a part of it, imagining every feeling, every emotion the characters had. He encouraged her on writing more, telling her how good they were, even if they were somewhat unpolished explaining how to improve them, giving examples to her with a few rewrites himself to demonstrate what he was saying.

Her next story sent to him was definitely an improvement. She took his suggestions to heart applying them as much as possible. Her stories awoke a passion within him causing him to start writing his own stories more, his muse awoken by helping with her writing.

His interest was purely professional. Yes she was female, but as with any of a thousand females on the Internet, she was either fat, ugly, a guy, or attached. He was single, but there was never a thought of anything beyond a professional interest in helping with her writing. Her being female had no impact on his willingness to help, male or female he was glad to help a budding writer.

At one point she commented about her biography on the site, mentioning a picture of her. The picture was of a gorgeous female. It was cut off at her neck so not showing her face, but the woman in a black bathing suit bottom, topless with her arms covering her breasts, was magnificent. The picture was incredible, and his first thought was wondering what professional porn site or glamor site it had been stolen from. It was provocative, but not sleazy, definitely a tease causing him to want more.

He told her how amazed he was at the picture, much to her delight. He expressed doubts about it being her—not to tease her, but because he fully expected the person at the other end of the internet to be everything the picture was not.

In response, he received an e-mail with two more pictures, more incredible than he could imagine. Both were full body shots of a woman in her mid to late twenties with the perfect body any man would die for. The pictures were of her in panties, again hiding her breasts, but of her entire self. Her long blonde hair cascading over her shoulders as she looked into the camera. He could not believe how incredible she looked; again reasoning a woman so gorgeous was either married, engaged, or attached in some fashion.

Helping out with her next story, he tried to keep things purely on a professional level, again wanting to assist a budding author as much as possible. She asked about the pictures and he expressed how beautiful she was, giving nothing but true praise for her body, her looks, everything about her.

Over time they started writing about more personal stuff in their lives—their jobs, life, thoughts, feelings, and so forth. They became pen-pals, emailing each other almost every day as they talked about their day, work, sending each other their stories before posting them on the site they both were fans of.

In his heart he knew this was nothing but a fantasy. He was a divorced man, slightly overweight and not really any "catch" that would interest somebody so beautiful, but it was an enjoyable fantasy.

They continued to correspond as they got to know each other. She continued to send an occasional picture and again he could not believe how incredible her body was, her smooth unblemished skin outlining the most perfect figure. 

Instead of seeing a naked woman, he was more entranced by the little things—the curve of the nape of her neck, the bend of her knee, the swell of her breasts from under her arms. All of these aspects pulled him deeper and deeper into her teasing. It was a fun fantasy while it lasted.

After several months his job was once again taking him to Hawaii. Jokingly he mentioned in an e-mail about having enough frequent flier miles to bring her with him, knowing no woman in her right mind would even consider his offer legitimate. No woman that beautiful would be interested in meeting a man who she only knew through e-mails. He was realistic enough to know such fantasies never happened to people like him.

Then her reply e-mail came: "I'd love to meet you and spend some time with you! Send me the flight information and your hotel and I'll be there!"

He stared at his computer screen forever...what the hell? Was this for real? What was he getting himself into? He sent her several e-mails over the next few days asking if she was sure about what she said, confirming this was really happening.

So here he was, sitting in a hotel room in beautiful Hawaii, waiting for a woman who he knew to be incredibly gorgeous, quick witted, as well as open and daring enough to take life by the horns and meet a man she barely knew but seemed to have so much in common.

Again looking at the clock, he wondered if reality had finally sunk in and she had not come. He had no use for the frequent flyer miles, so it was no waste he reasoned. He was there through the weekend for work so it was not like he had nothing to do, and things like this were too good to be true.

Finally convince it was a sham and such things did not happen, he was startled when a loud knock came from the door.

His heart stopped as his breath became shallow. He realized he was scared, scared at getting involved with a woman after so long, scared about what she would think of him when she first saw him, scared reality would rear its ugly head and something like this was too good to be true.

Another knock came at the door and he jerked his head, realizing he was stalling. Taking a deep breath and steeling himself for the worse, he went to the door and opened it.

There in the hallway was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. Her long dishwater blonde hair cascaded over her shoulders as he looked at her dazzling smile. She was wearing a simple sundress, low cut in the front and showing a now-familiar curve of cleavage seen in her pictures. The dress hung tightly about her body not hiding any part of her curves, going to mid thigh. Her sandaled feet attached to the smoothest, longest legs he had ever seen.

"Hi," he said stupidly, not knowing what to say as he helped her with her luggage into the room.

His heart was racing madly, thoughts of wondering where the hell he would sleep, how the hell the weekend would go, and a myriad of other scenarios running through his mind as he moved her luggage against the wall and out of the hallway.

Turning around, he was suddenly startled as she threw her arms around his neck, pulling his head into hers as her lips met his, her soft tongue sliding between his lips.

Instinctively his arms went around her waist as his tongue danced with hers, a small moan escaping both their throats as they deeply French kissed each other.

He could not believe this was happening. A middle-aged guy didn't meet a beautiful woman over the internet and have her dive immediately into his arms!

His next thought was how incredible she tasted, a mixture of fruit,sugary sweetness, and flowers as her tongue danced with his. Her hair smelled incredible as his tongue continued to dance with hers, her hands moving through his thick hair. He moved his hands, caressing her back, realizing the sundress was backless as he felt her smooth skin. 

She let out another moan as his hands caressed her, not believing how incredible she was or this was really happening to him.

He pulled her tighter against him, her pelvis grinding into his now hardened cock as she started moving against him in response to his obvious reaction to her kiss, again moaning, the sound reverberating through his mouth as their tongues danced. Moving his hands lower, intending to pull her against him tighter, his eyes flew open as his hands accidentally slid beneath her dress, the soft flesh of her ass cheeks meeting his palms. 

Unable to control himself, he gently squeezed the soft flesh, eliciting another moan from her as he caressed her bare ass beneath the dress. He pulled her tighter against him, her pelvis tight against his erection, keeping her against him almost in fear the dream would disappear. Her body fit perfectly against his as her soft breasts pressed against his chest.

Suddenly her hands slid to his chest as she pushed herself away from him. He looked at her questioningly, his breath shallow and fast with lust, his pulse racing. Looking into her beautiful face he saw the same feelings of desire within her eyes as she smiled at him.

He opened his mouth to say something, to ask what she wanted but she put her finger to his lips, giving a soft "Shhh" as she smiled at him.

Standing before him, a smile still on her face, she reached up to her shoulders and slowly moved the sundress off her shoulders, pulling her arms out of it in one quick motion and letting the dress fall to the floor revealing her before him.

He looked on in amazement and awe. She was wearing nothing but a white thong and sandals in front of him, the sundress circling around her feet like a halo. Her perfect breasts were rising and falling in response to her heavy breathing as he admired her body, not believing how wonderful she was.

Still smiling she took a step to him, again pulling him to her as their tongues once again danced with each other. This time his hands were all over her, feeling her back, her arms, and her ass as they kissed. He ran his hands through her soft hair, her neck, and everywhere he could trying to memorize every smooth, soft luscious curve with his hands.

Finally unable to contain himself, he slid his hands onto her upper arms and moved her back a step. She looked questioning at him and this time he smiled, turning her around and pulling her back against his chest.

Bending down, he began kissing and licking her shoulder, moving his tongue up and down the outline of her clavicle, moving to the nape of her neck, flicking the outline of her jugular vein with his tongue. Her moans were becoming more frequent and audible as he tasted her skin, her head tilting to one side giving him more access. His tongue moved up her neck, beneath her ear as he gently nibbled on her ear lobe, his tongue moving slowly over the outline of her ear, licking behind it as she softly gasped. 

His hands reached around and cupped her breasts, again eliciting another moan from her as he gently massaged them. He was careful to not maul them, knowing no woman enjoyed rough handling, but his lust was uncontrollable as he massaged her fleshy mounds, pulling her tighter against him.

Her hands reached behind, cupping his erection and he instinctively moved his hips, grinding his hard-on into her hands. At the same time his thumb and forefinger of his left hand pinched her nipple causing her to groan loudly, gripping his hard-on through his shorts tightly.

Moving his hands, he gently stroked her belly, the soft smooth flesh continuing to fuel his desire. In response, she continued to massage his hard cock through his shorts as he stroked her hips.

In a cloud of lust, he moved his hands forward, cupping her mound between her legs as she let out another loud moan. Her pelvis moved back as her hands moved to his neck, continuing to grind her pelvis into his, her ass massaging his cock through his shorts as he continued to rub between her legs through her thong.

Gaining some control, he gently pushed her away, again causing her to look questioningly while he smiled. Moving to the dining room table he pulled a chair out, moving it against the wall. Turning to her and still smiling, he motioned for her to come to him, which she did willingly.

Without warning he gripped her hips tightly and lifted her up until she was standing on the chair. He looked up at her, again admiring her almost naked body, her breasts slightly flushed from his massaging and her body glowing with perspiration and lust. 

She looked down at him, her brow furrowing questioningly at him as he smiled up at her, his hands sliding up her smooth thighs. Hooking his fingers through the sides of her thong, he looked up at her, keeping his gaze locked upon hers as his hands slowly pulled the thong down her legs, not looking down until they reached her ankles and she instinctively stepped out of them.

Her pelvis was in line with his head as he again looked in her eyes and smiled. Sliding his hands again up her thighs, he gripped her hips, moving his head closer and closer.

The smell of her was intoxicating, and without any preamble he kissed her well-shaved pubis, his tongue snaking between her legs and running along her slit.

"Oh my God!" she gasped as his tongue tasted the sweetness of her pussy, her hips moving closer to him as she spread her legs as well as possible while standing on the chair.

His hands slowly moved on her hips, across her ass; his attention focused on pleasuring her as he licked, gently nipped, and tongued her.

His tongue slid between her outer lips, the mixture of bitterness and sweetness meeting his taste buds deliciously as he licked her even more eagerly. She continued to gasp, her hands moving impulsively to his head as she ground her pussy into his face. His tongue moved across her clit again and again causing her to moan loudly, her pelvis grinding against his face and mouth as he teased her. 

He knew she wanted him to move faster, but instead kept his tongue slowly stroking her clit, moving in and out of her pussy, gently teasing her. They had all weekend, and he was not going to rush this first time.

As if reading his mind, she pushed his head away, steadying herself as she stepped off the chair.

He looked at her, again admiring the perfection of her body as she smiled at him.

"My turn," she smiled, dropping to her knees.

He looked down excitedly as she undid his belt, unzipping his shorts. She wasted no time pulling down his shorts and underwear in one motion, his hard cock springing free and slapping her cheek.

Her hand gripped his hard member and it was his turn to moan as he looked down at her. Looking up at him, she smiled as she moved closer to his cock held by her hand. 

He watched mesmerized as she opened her mouth, her lips sliding down his shaft as she engulfed his cock. He felt on fire as the soft moisture of her mouth heated his member, his hips thrusting further into her mouth. 

He let out a moan as her tongue moved across the tip of his cock as she proceeded to slide it in and out of her mouth. It was his turn to move his hands to the back of her head as his hips slowly moved back and forth, guiding her head onto his cock as he trusted, gently fucking her mouth as her tongue continued to tease him. 

He moaned uncontrollably as her tongue slid across the underside of his shaft, flicking the large vein back and forth with her tongue as her lips clamped tightly his dick. Her hands moved around him, pulling his ass forward as she worked his penis into her mouth until her nose was against his belly, taking him fully into her mouth. Her hot breath and wetness was almost unbearable as he felt his cock involuntarily twitch in response to her manipulations.

Wanting to prolong the moment, he pushed her away smiling at her. "Not yet," he told her smiling.

In response, she stood up, pulling him towards the bedroom. Without complaint he followed, his hand in hers as she lay upon the bed.

Looking down at her, admiring her perfect figure, her skin, her face, her hair, everything about her, he took off his shirt, now naked before her. His lust was overpowering, no longer concerned with what she thought of his body being overweight or anything beyond wanting the woman before him.

He bent down, licking her leg, intending to continue eating her out when she pushed his head away.

"No, I want you inside me NOW!" she said.

He smiled at her as he stood up. "Far be it for me to deny a lady," he smiled.

She bent her knees, propping her feet on the bed as she spread her legs invitingly. He climbed between them leaning over her until he was propped over her, his erection pointing straight at her pussy.

Slowly moving forward, he felt her hand on his shaft as she guided him to her slit. She gently moved the tip of his cock across her slit, lubricating both her and him with both their juices. He gasped as each stroke slipped the tip of his cock between the heat of her lips as she moved him back and forth.

He could not be teased for long as he moved his hips forward, the tip of his cock first pressing against her slit, and then suddenly sliding between them, the tip encompassed by her hotness. He continued making small thrusts lubricating each other as he gently prepared himself to enter her.

After a few more small thrusts he looked deep within her eyes and gently pressed forward, his cock sliding between her lips and into her wet pussy. They both let out a simultaneous groan as his cock sank into her, her vaginal muscles clenching around his shaft tightly in response to him entering her.

Her legs wrapped around his thighs as he started stroking in and out of her, her hips rising and falling in response. He could not believe how perfect she fit around him as his cock thrust into her, her pussy fully gripping him and clamping around him as they made love.

He steadily began thrusting faster, in response to her moans and body movements. He looked down at her exquisite body, her breasts moving with each thrust as he started fucking her earnestly.
