 Tonight, I get to see you. Tonight, it is as if all of my fantasies will finally become reality. Tonight we will be together after our long absence from each other. Tonight...

You called me earlier in the day to say that you were home for about a day. I was SO amazed to hear from you since it had been about two months since we had last spoken. You had been away for work and I had gotten over my longing for you after about the first month. Oh you did come to mind, but it was as though my sexual beast had begun it's hibernation for the winter and therefore, I was not constantly thinking about you as I had during the summer when our interludes had been so frequent.

I answered the phone knowing that it was you on the other line. We made small talk for a while and you told me how work had been going. I told you how things were for me as well, and informed you that I was in desperate need for a back rub. Basically I was hooking you to see what your response would be and you did not disappoint me. You said that you would be more than happy to help me out with that and that you really wanted to see me. I did not make it easy for you, though. I had been hurt from no calls in two months, and I wanted to play with you a bit before giving in, even though we both know I can never say no to you.

We finally arranged a time to get together for this evening and I went about my day as normal until it was time to get ready to see you. The plan as it stands is that I will come to your house around 7pm. I gather my things together and hop in the shower. As I stand under the water, I start thinking of your touch and the way I feel when you kiss me. It starts to excite me, the way it does when you run your tongue across my neck and down towards my shoulder. I can feel the warmth as it builds between my legs. The water as it strikes my body and the thoughts of your hands as they explore me bring me a happiness unlike anything I have known. I move my hand between my legs and insert one finger, finding my hard clit. I start to move my fingers around as I think about you licking me.

First you would start with small kisses and licks along my inner thighs. It makes me crazy thinking about it and I move my finger faster around my clit. I remember the first time we were together and how it felt as you first entered me. I remember the sensations of it all as if it were just yesterday that you first took me.

As I stand in the shower, playing with myself, I feel my orgasm as it swells within. I rub a bit faster and my breath quickens as it overcomes me. The last thought is of us both crying out as we come together while you take me from behind. I stand there a moment, unmoving, as I recover from my orgasm. I let the water from the shower run over my face and down my body as I scheme of the things I want to do tonight. I finish my shower, including shaving all the appropriate places. I step out of the shower, grab my towel from the rack and dry off. I get my vanilla lotion and begin smoothing it over my freshly shaved legs and then, up over my bare mound. I rub it in, thinking again of your hands and how they will soon be roaming free over these same places. Again I can feel that excitement start to build within me and I tell myself that doing that will only make it take longer until I can be with you.

I dress in a black silk and lace piece of lingerie that I bought to wear for you on one of our excursions, but as of yet, had not had an opportunity to show you. It has a pair of panties that match, but I opt to not wear them tonight. I pull on a pair of super silky black thigh high stockings because I know they are your favorite. "Easier access" you always say to me when I am wearing them. I pull my hair up and back, letting the red curls fall down to where they are tickling my neck and the top of my back. I pull out a few in front as well, letting them fall so that I can give you cute little glances around them from time to time as we play our game.

I take care of my make-up, being sure to avoid anything too sparkly since you detest it so. I then take to painting my nails. A deep orange, your favorite color. Once I have decided that I am all set, I get my over night bag together. It has been sitting with most of my needs in it since the last time I stayed at your place. I put in a change of clothes for tomorrow, make sure I'm not running low on anything and add a few more little goodies for our evening.

I grab my long coat and wrap it around me. I tie the belt for it around my waist, grab my bag and head out the door. I get in my car and I can feel a little nervousness growing inside me. Those small little butterflies that you get before a first date, the first kiss and then, before the first time you are in bed together. I get to your place in record time and park my car.

I let myself in since the door is always unlocked. I come up the stairs and through the kitchen to find you watching TV in the living room with a few friends and your roommate. You get up and come over to me. You give me a hug and then pull me to the side and kiss me deeply. You bring your hand to my face as you move your tongue against mine between our mouths. I put my arms around your neck and you move yours around my waist. We continue to stand there a while longer, still kissing and I can feel you getting hard as you press against me. How I do love turning you on with just a kiss.

You pull away from me slightly and I lean in for one more quick peck. You begin leading me towards your room. I follow you willingly and as you open the door, I can see candlelight and hear music very faintly. Once I can see inside completely, I realize that you have lit more than two-dozen candles all over your room. As I enter and you follow behind, I turn to you and kiss you soft and sweet and close the door behind you. I put my things on the floor and then back away from you. You start to move forward and I wave my finger between us and tell you to wait a moment. You look at me slightly puzzled as I begin undoing the belt around my coat.

I pull it aside just a bit and show my thigh. You move to put your hand on it and I back away a little. "Uh-uh" I say to you as I put my coat back over my thigh. I pull it away again, this time to show part of my breast. You come forward again, but this time I do not back away. You put your hands at my neck and then to my hands where you pull them away from my coat. You glide your fingers up along the front and pull it away from my shoulders. You kiss and nibble there as it slowly falls away and lands on the floor. Your hands are now running up my back and I breathe in quickly at the feeling of them on my skin.

I move into you and begin to kiss your neck. I bite at it a little and you moan so quietly as the feeling of my teeth on you pleases you. We kiss again and as we do, I push you backwards towards to door. You are slightly surprised by my level of aggression tonight, since normally I allow you to be the hunter. Tonight I have another agenda though, for tonight I want to hunt you a bit. To pursue you and devour you as a wild cat might do to it's prey.

I kneel before you and begin undoing your pants. I pull them down, along with your boxers, exposing you before my eyes. I look at your cock as it stands at full attention, waiting for my first touch. I look up into your eyes as I move my mouth forward and lick the tip. You close your eyes and lean your head back against the door. You too have missed my touch, just as I have missed yours. I run my fingernails up your thighs slowly and bring one hand up around your cock.

I love the feeling of it in my hands and I begin to stroke you gently. I still look up at you as I do this, watching your every expression. I again move my mouth forward and this time I allow the tip to penetrate my lips. Oh how I have missed the taste of your cock in my mouth. I remove my mouth and run both hands up under your shirt and over your stomach and chest. I run my nails over it lightly as I continue watching you.

I bring my tongue out and lap at your balls a bit as I continue running my nails across your chest. I then slowly bring it up to run along the underside of your cock and then suck at the tip a moment. You moan a bit as the sensation of my tongue, piercing and lips move over you. I then bring my mouth down over your cock completely. I suck lightly as I pull away and then I tell you how I want to taste your come. I want to feel it in my mouth and swallow it down as if it were replenishing a much-needed liquid.

You put your hands on my neck and rub slightly. You respond with "anything for you, baby" and a smile. I smile back and then place my wet lips around the head of your hot cock again. I move slowly and I move my tongue as I slide down your shaft. I look up at you the whole time as you watch me suck your cock. I moan as you slide easily in and out across my lips and tongue. The taste of you is so pleasing to me and I let you know in all ways that I can. I know already that I am getting very wet and can feel it as I move. Sucking your dick is one of the things that gives me the most pleasure, but watching you as you watch me, well, that just plain makes me hot.

I quicken my pace as I move my head into you. You have moved your hands up to the back of my head and are rubbing your thumbs across my cheeks as I suck and consume your cock. I move my hands back down to your thighs and then begin playing with your balls as I continue to slide myself along you. You tell me how good it feels having me suck your cock and I moan in response.

I still look up at you and you gaze deep into my eyes. I can feel them on me, almost penetrating me, just as your cock is doing to my mouth. I pull out to the tip and circle the head with my tongue and piercing. You moan as I do this and then I move back in harder and faster. The pressure I am putting into it forces you against the door a bit as I slam into you again and again. You tell me that you are getting close and that you want me to taste you. I move even faster and continue to massage your balls with my hands.

My pussy is wet with desire for you. It wants so much to feel your hands, tongue and cock. If it were possible, I would want all three on me at once. As I think of these things, I moan against your cock as your juice comes spraying into my mouth. I continue to suck as I swallow you down. Oh how good you taste as you run over my tongue and lips. I finish by licking you clean and then stand before you.

You kiss me hard and tell me how good that felt and how now it's my turn. I tell you that I brought some things and ask if you would like to see. You say you do and I go over to my bag. I pull out an assortment of goodies and you look them over. You smile quite the evil little grin and tell me to go to the bed. I smile back and do as you tell me to. You grab a few things and bring them over to the table next to the bed. You then sit yourself next to me and bring your hands up to take my hair down. It falls down my back and you run your fingers into it and kiss down my arm. Your touch is almost electrifying and I can feel the heat between my legs burn hotter still.

You lean me down onto the cool sheets and run your hands along the length of my body. You tell me how when my coat came off, you almost came right there. You were stunned at what I was wearing and that I had come over with only that and a coat on. You then pull off your shirt and I watch as the muscles in your back move. When you are moving in that way, I find you to be incredibly sexy and all I can think of is how I want you.

You bring your hands down my body and remove my heels. As you rub my legs on the way up, you pause a moment at the wetness you find between my thighs. You run your fingers along the outside to tease me. You continue your upward journey and embrace both my breasts in your hands. You squeeze them slightly, as if testing them for something. You continue moving and bring your hands to my wrists. You trace your fingers along my arms and hands, then pull one arm towards you. You take one of the restraints I brought and place it around my wrist, then secure it so that I am stuck. You do the same with the other wrist, leaving me bound to your bed, almost helpless.

You move back down my body again, this time when you pause at the meeting of my legs, you lick lightly, again, not entering into the wetness beyond. You move to my ankles and also use restraints on them. I am now tied down to your bed, legs spread and open to your every want and desire. I am yours to have as you wish to take and use me. The thought of this fills me with a lust so high I can hardly contain it and let out a little moan.

You begin to explore me, beginning at my ear. You kiss and lick my ear, all the while whispering to me how you can't wait to have me, but that for now you are going to play. You bring your lips down to my neck where you start to kiss and lick lightly. You then bite into me and I moan loudly. You continue to sink your teeth in as you move along my neck down towards my shoulder. You continue biting down my arm and then back up. You kiss lightly across my chest as my breasts try to expel themselves from my lingerie. You move the material out of the way a bit and then nibble my breasts. You pull it farther to reveal a hard, pert nipple. You lick at it mercilessly, as I keep moaning and I begin to struggle a bit against the restraints.

You hear my moans and can feel me as I move beneath you. These things excite you more and you increase your efforts. You pull at the material wrapped around me harder and it begins to give. I tell you to rip it from my body because I want you to ravage me. You begin pulling at it harder and continue to lap at me as the material continues to come free. I am getting wetter and can feel as the excitement rises in my loins. You use both hands to completely tear the fabric away and as it lies in shreds along my sides, you bring your face and hands in to caress, pinch, lick and suck. Oh, and lets not forget the biting because the biting is what brings the most deep and succulent of moans from my lips.

You stay at my breasts for some time. You enjoy the ample size and weight of them as they move beneath your hands and mouth. You move your mouth down to kiss my stomach while your hands continue to play with my breasts. You then slowly trail your hands down along my sides and your mouth further until you reach my completely exposed pussy. You lick along my slit and I moan even louder as I feel you against me. I am on the verge of orgasm already and you have barely touched me. You move your hands down past my hips and along my legs, still feeling the stockings that are there. How naughty it feels to be in this state of disarray. You bring your hands up along my inner thighs until they meet in the middle.

Using one hand you spread my lips to find that inner sweetness and the warm and waiting hole that is begging for your touch. You lick along my clit and down further until you are lapping up my wetness like a kitten to a saucer of milk. Your tongue moves fast and lightly against me and then you thrust it inside. I cry out to you and tell you how good it is as I thrust my hips towards your mouth. You pull your tongue out and resume licking around my clit. You insert two fingers inside of me while making a "come hither" motion inside. I begin to move more obviously beneath you as the pressure of your mouth and fingers drive me to my first orgasm. I being to scream and shake beneath you as you continue to eat me and play with my "evil inside." 

You slow down a bit and let me catch my breath. Once I have resumed normal breathing and can handle your touch again, you move three fingers into me and begin licking my clit again. You move in and out of me as you gently insert another finger and then bring the thumb in as well. You have your hand inside of me and are twisting it. I can feel as it rubs against my walls and I squeeze my muscles against it. You lick at my clit as you continue to push inward. I struggle a bit as the intensity is high and the pain factor is increasing, but at the same time I want you to continue because of the amazing feeling of it. You are in to your wrist and are pushing for more. I am screaming out as you continue to thrust and lick me.

I am close to my orgasm and its intensity is swelling and churning inside. I close my eyes and let it take me. I am washed in a bath of overwhelming pleasure and I pull at my wrist restraints. I pull my legs, but they are also bound to the bed. I am screaming "OH DON'T EVER STOP!!" at the top of my lungs. You continue to thrust in and out at a very regular pace while licking my clit with your flat tongue. You begin to slow as I shake all over. You slowly pull your hand out and I wince slightly. Partly from the pain and partly because of the emptiness that is left after it is gone. You kiss my wet lips as if you are "fixing" the pain there.

You come up and kiss my other lips, allowing me to taste my own sweetness. It lingers on my tongue a moment and then fades as we continue to kiss. You press your body against me as you kiss and I can feel your cock, hard and warm against me. You reach down with one hand and begin to tease me with the tip, just barely entering me. You reach over to the table and grab a candle. We had talked about this and again my excitement builds. You begin to pour the wax on me slowly and I moan as it touches my skin. You stop at times and kiss the spots that are now covered in the hardening wax.

You drop it on my breasts, my nipples and my stomach. You then place it back on the table as you stroke the places you have just dropped wax. You rub your fingers in the spots that are slightly soft still. You are almost massaging them, as if it were lotion or oil rather than wax. You return to teasing me with your cock, pushing it into me slightly then taking it away.

You reach again to the table and bring one of my vibrators over. You turn it on low and bring it down to my clit. You press it against me as well as your cock as you slowly slide into me. You meet no resistance because I am soaked from the orgasms you have bestowed upon me as well as all my natural lubrication from all you have done to me so far.

You go slowly at first, moving the vibrator around over my clit and against your cock as it slides in and out. You turn up the speed on it a bit and the vibrations move through me. You can feel them against your cock through my walls as well as against your cock when it touches you. You thrust into me faster as I lie helpless and at your mercy. I move my hips up to meet you as you thrust inward. We moan together as our bodies flow in a perfect motion. Meeting each other, then pulling away, only to press together again.

You increase your speed and I meet your pace. You keep pushing into me as I meet you halfway. You start to come and I feel as you twitch inside me, but you keep your rhythm. You keep fucking me until I come again. You collapse onto me and we lay there a moment. You move away and take my restraints off. I curl up next to you, as you put your arms around me and we trail off to sleep.

You touching my back lightly wakens me from my sleep. I turn to look at you and you kiss me lightly. You lean close and whisper into my ear..."I NEED to take you from behind now.." I moan as the words are spoken and I smile my naughty smile. You get off the bed and pull at me to do the same. You then lean me over so that I can press my hands onto the bed. You stand behind me and rub your cock between my thighs. I can feel the warmth and I tell you I want you to fuck me.

You slowly enter me, pulling at my hips as you glide in. Our connection is always wonderful, but from this angle, I am in heaven. You pull me onto your cock again and again and I tell you to fuck me harder. You start to slam into me, my ass smacking against you as you fuck me. You tell me how you love to fuck me hard and fast and that you want to hear me scream when I come.
