 We had arranged to meet at an old country house that was now a lovely hotel and was convenient for you – not too near to home, but not too far to travel either. I was travelling on business and had arranged to be away for an extra night. It was our first in-person meeting – we'd agreed to meet for a drink, have dinner and see how things went. If there was no "spark" then we could just enjoy a pleasant evening and "walk away". But if there was some spark, we both knew that we would share a night of passion and excitement. I felt slightly nervous – it would be so disappointing if we didn't hit it off after our on-line fantasies and conversations.

It was a lovely warm summer evening and I'd decided to wear a dark blue, long-sleeved shirt and black Chinos. I sat on a sofa in the lounge, watching the main entrance as the time came for you to arrive. And then I saw you... a glance around and you were walking confidently towards me as I rose to meet you. You looked so good! I noticed that every man in the lounge was looking our way – you were wearing a simple but elegant summer dress, black stockings and high heels. You looked very slightly flushed – I wondered if you were a little nervous too. I guided you to sit down next to me, enjoying so much the brief touch of your dress and the warm flesh underneath as I did so. We were both smiling a lot as we went through the usual pleasantries. I asked what you wanted to drink and ordered for us both from the waiter.

I already knew that I needed to have you... and your eyes seemed to be saying the same – or was that just my imagination? My cock was starting to stir. I wondered if you had noticed. We talked easily about everything and nothing. Every time you moved your legs slightly, or touched my arm as we talked, the feeling was electric. I wanted to keep touching you. Our drinks were nearly finished - it was time to go for dinner. It wasn't what I had intended, but I found myself asking you if you wanted dinner... or would you like to "relax for a while" before dinner? You just said that you weren't hungry yet and smiled... so we finished our drinks and headed for the stairs.

Your hand slipped easily into mine as we walked up the wide staircase, the touch of your flesh was almost too much to bear. My cock was hard and erect long before we reached our bedroom. We went into our room and I locked the door. You stood by the bed looking at me as I walked towards you. I took you into my arms, luxuriating in the wonderful and exciting feel of your body through the thin dress. Your head was slightly back, your eyes sparkling and excited. I moved slowly to kiss you... my body pressed lightly to yours, my hard cock pushing forward against your dress. That first kiss started slowly but went on and on... our tongues exploring every corner of each others mouth... and our bodies pressing more tightly together.

And then I stepped back slightly and knelt down in front of you. I moved my hands slowly down your body from your waist... my fingers tingling with excitement... over your hips... sliding slowly down your thighs to the bottom of your dress... more excitement as my fingers touched your stockings... sliding slowly down your legs. And then I started to move my hands back up your legs... over your knees... pausing slightly... looking up at you... you bent your head to kiss me again... and I moved my hands further up your legs... but under your dress now... lifting your dress as my hands moved so slowly up your thighs... over the stocking tops... and then the wonderful feeling of your bare flesh... sending more charges through my body. You were wearing matching undies... lovely black lacy panties... I could see your bush clearly. I leant forward and kissed your panties where they covered your mound. I then stood up.

We kissed again, long and passionately... my body pushing hard against yours, my hands pulling your lovely buttocks onto me. You'd kicked your shoes off. I unhooked your dress and started to pull the zip down. You unbuttoned my shirt and knelt to undo my belt and trousers. I kicked my shoes off and slipped out of my shirt as you pulled my trousers down. My cock was pushing forwards... you kissed the huge bulge in my pants... and then pulled them off... then you kissed the tip of my hard cock very gently just once... arousing me even more. I hoped that you'd be giving me much more pleasure with your lovely soft mouth before the night was over.

I unhooked your bra... holding the ends together for a moment... savouring the moment when I'd see your breasts for the first time... a wonderful feeling as I saw them pushing forward, the nipples already partly erect. And then I knelt and slipped your panties off... deliberately brushing my fingers against your mound as I did so. I knew you were already wet. I wanted you... but I wanted to play with your lovely breasts first... I led you to the bed and lay on my back... you straddled me... knowing that your wet pussy was so very close but not yet mounted on my hard cock.

Your breasts stood out wonderfully as you sat there... I reached up and held them both, squeezing each of the nipples slightly between my thumb and first fingers... then feeling the lovely plump flesh... then squeezing the nipples again. You bent forward so that I could suck them... first one and then the other... sucking the flesh into my mouth and running my tongue over the erect nipple... and then switching to the other one... over and over again. Then you stretched up again... your breasts proud, your nipples erect... and I again squeezed them both... but I needed more now... I had that overwhelming desire to feel your pussy wrapped around my throbbing cock.

I led you to the corner of the bed... I sat on the corner with my legs between yours and you again straddled me... positioning yourself over my cock... your arms around my neck... my hands under your buttocks supporting you... then you lifted your left leg and lowered yourself slowly onto my throbbing cock... I felt that wonderful sensation as your pussy opened for me... the shaft of my hard cock sliding slowly into your body for the first time... and you lowered yourself onto me... then your right leg... lowering yourself fully now... my cock completely inside your lovely wet pussy. I told you to wrap your legs around my waist... your arms still around my neck. We sat there for a moment or two... kissing hard and passionately... our bodies rocking slowly... making my cock move inside you.

Then I told you to hold tight... I stood up with you impaled on my cock... I walked a few steps away from the bed. Each movement made my cock move inside you... I could feel your pussy tightening... your juices were running freely now. I walked slowly around the room... each step made my cock move inside you... making you squirm as you felt my hard shaft probing your wet pussy. I paused and rocked... more squirming and soft moaning... and then walked on again. After several minutes of this, I walked back to the bed... with you still impaled on my cock.

I lay you on your back... my cock still inside you... and asked you to put your legs over my shoulders. Then I gripped your shoulders so that I could push more strongly against you. I started pushing in and out again... your back was starting to arch up... your breathing was getting louder... I knew we would both cum soon... your wet pussy felt so good... my hard cock pushing deep inside you... and I could feel you starting to shake... I thrust forward a little harder... making you moan louder with pleasure.

I pulled back and thrust forward again... you were really shaking now... and I knew I was starting to cum... I pulled back one last time and pushed my hips forward strongly again... as my cum started to spurt... a huge gush of hot, sticky cum exploding and splashing inside you... I pulled back again... another huge spurt as I pushed forwards... and again... and several smaller spurts... our juices mixing freely in your lovely wet pussy. Your back was fully arched now... and you let out a single long scream of pleasure... as I pushed forward again... making you yell out once more... as you felt another small spurt of my cum inside you... and then we both started to relax. We lay like that for a few moments... your legs still over my shoulders... then we moved around and lay close together on the bed... kissing gently and stroking each other.

I started wondering if you were hungry yet... if not... I had lots of ideas for the next few hours!