 They met on the internet quite by accident, in a chat room. He from one city she from another. They flirted with each other that night and with others, but kept coming back to one another, then finally into a private room. They talked and discovered they had much in common. Before they parted they agreed to add each other to their friends list, so they could contact each other again. 

Over time, they talked on the internet, getting to know each other better. There was a definite attraction between them even though there was an age difference. She was older, but that didn't matter to him. What mattered was her passion. The ingredient missing from both of their marriages. They hungered for that which was being denied them by their spouses. They had both tried over the years to rekindle the spark that somehow had been lost over the years of marriage, but to no avail. They turned to each other, and after much thought and personal soul searching, decided to meet.

A day...time... and meeting place was agreed upon, and as the day approached excitement began to build. They arrived at the same time. He got out of his truck and as he walked toward her, her heart skipped a beat. He was tall... muscular... and very good looking. Much better looking than the picture of himself he had sent her over the internet. He came to her and kissed her softly and tenderly, making love to her lips as she had asked him to do in one of their chats. She was flattered that he had remembered to do that. 

They drove together to a motel. After entering the spacious room and removing their jackets, they faced each other. With eyes locked, he slowly walked to her. "Do you know how beautiful you are?" he said. 

Looking into his handsome face she smiled and said, "Thank you."

He embraced her and putting his forefinger under her chin, gently tilted her lips to his and kissed her like she had never been kissed before. His kisses were passionate! She couldn't get enough of his lips making love to hers. Slowly without moving his lips from hers, he walked her backward to the bed. Gently sitting her down they laid in each other's arms, their lips never parting. She loved the feel of his body next to hers, and passion took over both of their wills.

Fully clothed and still kissing her, he placed his hand between her legs, cupping her woman hood. She could feel her heat rising and parted her legs wide for him. His breathing became ragged, and his cock stood at attention.. His hand moved to her pullover top and lifting it over her head, removed it. She felt his hand on her bare back and with one smooth movement, unfastened her bra and freed her luscious breasts. 

He gazed at them, touching them softly, as if they would break. "Their lovely," he said. "Perfect. Just perfect." Lowering his head and ever so softly, he kissed each nipple, before licking them and sucking.

She drew in her breath as his lips touched her sensitive nipples. He began to suck harder and took gentle nibbles, at first one and then the other. The exquisite sensations shot from breasts to vagina. She felt her self becoming wet. Very wet. She reached for is cock, but he pulled away before she touched him. 

He stood at the side of the queen sized bed and began taking the rest of her clothes off. First her shoes and nylon peds, then her jeans and panties. She lay before him, naked. He looked at her womanly curvaceous body, then looked into her eyes, that were looking back at him. He began to remove his clothes. His shoes and socks removed, his hands went to his belt buckle.

"Wait," she said. "Let me." Standing up and walking toward him, she took his hands off of his belt and began to loosen it herself. She unbuttoned the top of his jeans, and unzipped the fly. Pulling his shirt out of his jeans, she unbuttoned his shirt, and removed it from his shoulders and arms, letting it drop to the floor. She kissed his broad chest while her hands roamed his muscular arms. "Do you like this?" she asked.

"Are you kidding?" 

"Mmmmmm, I do too."

Her lips kissed his stomach and down to the top of his jeans, He stood ridged with his hands on her shoulders and his eyes closed. He felt her pull his jeans and bvds down his legs to the floor, where he stepped out of them and kicked them aside.

They stood before one another, naked. Each enjoying the sight of each other.

She looked at his cock and smiled. It was hard....and long... and thick. Still looking at it and smiling knowingly, she said, "Tell me what you want me to do."

"I want you to touch my cock. Take it in your hand and squeeze."

Moving toward him, she took it firmly into her soft hand, then looking up at him said, "Like this?"

"Oh yeah. Just like that." He stood tall, closed his eyes, tilted his head back and groaned. The next moment, he felt her other hand cupped his balls and he gasped.

She loved his reaction! He was rock hard! She licked the head of his cock and stuck her tongue inside the tip to taste him, before wrapping her lips around it and sucking. 

His legs grew weak. What she was doing was driving him insane! "Stop." he said, as he grabbed a handful of her hair , lifting her head and her mouth off of him. "I don't know if I can control myself if you keep that up." 

He led her back to the bed and they laid together skin to skin, in passionate embraces. When he covered her breasts with his hands she whimpered, when he lowered his head to suckle, she moaned. His mouth drawing her nipples, sent rivers of sensation coursing through her, and she was in heaven. She ran her hands over his back and arms, feeling his rippling muscles, and felt herself wet with desire. As she opened herself to him, he placed his hand over her, dipping his fingers into her depths, opening up the place that for so long, had been neglected. She was hot now! Loving the sensations he was giving her. 

He finger fucked her. First with one finger and then with two fingers, at the same time nibbling her nipples. Her hips were moving up and down. Removing his fingers and finding her hard little nub, caressed and massaged it. 

Her hands that had been laying across her stomach suddenly fell to either side and grabbed a handful of bed clothes in her fists. "Oh!....oh!" she moaned. "Oh yes.!" 

"Spread your legs wide. Pull your knees up and drop them to the side. I'm going to eat you now." She complied. 

He gazed at her trimmed pussy. So pretty he thought, so pretty. Putting his hands under her hips, he pulled her to the edge of the bed and kneeled on the floor before her. Lowering his head he opened her pussy lips and licked her slip from bottom to top and back down several times, before flicking her clit with his tongue. He was relentless! With precision, he manipulated her hard and sensitive clit with his tongue.

She couldn't lay still. Her mind and body had entered another world. Her hips were moving up and down on their own accord. Just when she thought she couldn't stand it a second longer, he took her clit into his mouth and sucked it. Sucked it so hard she thought he would suck it clear off of her body. 

He could hardly hold on to her clit, she was bucking so hard. When he felt her hands holding his head he knew it wouldn't be long. She held his head and pressed it hard into her pussy, and he loved it! 

She began to feel that wonderful sensation just before the explosion. The feeling of being suspended in an ever rising state of glorious sensations. Sensations so intense that they are almost painful. When she reached the point of no return, she catapulted over the edge. Still holding his head firmly into her pussy, she exploded. Wave after wave shook her body as she cried out loudly with the wonder of it. 

He lay down next to her and held her close to himself, so gently, so tenderly, as she enjoyed every delicious spasm.

When she came down from her climax, he told her that he had never been with a woman who cried outloud when she climaxed and that it had frightened him at first, thinking he had hurt her. She assured him that he had not hurt her, that he had made her feel so good she couldn't contain her pleasure. He told her that he loved that! It excited him. 

She held his cock in her hand as they talked and she saw evidence of that excitement. As he laid on his back, she lowered her head to place a kiss on the head of his cock, then dipped her tongue into the tip to taste him. He grew harder as she licked his cock, and slowly began to draw circles around the head with her hot tongue, kissing and making love to it with her mouth. He groaned and began to thrust his hips as she began to suck him gently and wrap her lips around him, drawing from the root to the tip. He sucked in his breath when she gave the same careful attention to his tightening scrotum, licking and sucking each ball gently. Going back to his cock, she began sucking in earnest. Harder and faster. 

Suddenly and urgently, he laid her on her back and entered her hot, and ever so wet womanhood. His hard...thick...cock was so big it tried to enter her cervix with each thrust of his hips. His hard body against her softness felt wonderful, and made her feel like a woman again. 

They began to move in unison, feeling every sensation...fucking...gloriously fucking! The sounds of flesh upon flesh, heavy breathing and hearts pounding, lifted them to new heights. 

She's so tight, he thought. So tight! He felt his balls tighten up and began pounding and pounding her. Fucking her like a mad man!!

She felt his hot cum exploding inside of her, as her inner muscles involuntarily squeezed his throbbing cock, sucking him dry. He collapsed upon her and they lay together, gasping for breath and coming down from paradise. 

When they recovered, and after talking, she turned on her side with her back to him, and placed his arms around herself. She loved the feeling of his body nestled against hers, so warm and comforting. He rubbed her curves and buttocks while she stretched like kitten. Suddenly his hand probed her depths, and surprising her, he entered her again from behind. He filled her, and she was instantly moving with him. She gave him better access by kneeling while he thrust deeply inside of her. Over come with desire, she cried out to him. "Fuck me. Fuck me hard!" He did. They climaxed almost together, then lay in each other's arms once again.

Much to the surprise of both, they made love one more time before they had to leave. They were good together! They were hot together! 

After dressing, she went into his arms, and they kissed passionately. Heat began to rise again. Reluctantly, he held her at arms length and whispered, "I don't want to go, but I have to.

"I know," she said, "I have to go too."

One last embrace and they separated, each flushed with renewed desire. 

They left the motel and said their good-byes with a kiss, a hug, and a smile.

When she returned home there was an email message from him, telling her how much he had enjoyed their encounter, how wonderful she was, and how he had forgotten what it was like to be with so passionate a woman. He said how much he looked forward to chatting with her, and meeting again. She was so happy to read of the pleasure she had brought to his life, and...smiled.