 Lana hadn't been sleeping well, and she was so tired, so impossibly exhausted that she hadn't even bothered to put on a great deal of makeup this morning. She'd just crawled out of bed, thrown on a short black skirt and purple blouse, adding a pair of 2" black heels to give her a height of 5'7", and combed through her jet black hair. She'd outlined her eyes with black kohl eyeliner, added a dash of lavender shadow, and a touch of dark mascara to bring out her eyes. Then she'd headed off to work.

Now, she sat across from Gabe, almost regretting her lack of enthusiasm for her appearance this morning. They'd been friends for nearly a year, coworkers for longer, and Lana had lusted after him for a long time. His tall, thin, toned frame stretched to 6'4", and he knew how to highlight his muscle tone with the clothes he wore. He was a serious runner, and he had his pants tailored to fit his slim hips and muscular thighs. Today, he wore charcoal slacks with shiny black dress shoes and a sapphire blue silk button down that showed the breadth of his shoulders to full advantage. It served to accent his bright blue eyes in the tanned frame of his angular face, and his dark blonde hair was perfectly gelled into careful waves that framed his face.

If she'd known he was going to come over for a drink right after work, she would have tried harder to look good. He'd come over before, but only as part of a group. This was the first time they'd ever been alone in private, and it was too bad that he was looking for comfort over a fresh breakup. She wanted to give him so much more than comfort that it was difficult to concentrate on sympathizing.

She tried to smile at him encouragingly and patted his knee as they sat at her kitchen table, sipping on the whiskey she kept in her liquor cabinet. "I'm sorry, Gabe, is there anything I can do to help?"

Gabe's eyes were sad, and it only served to make his overall look more appealing. She was thinking of things she could do with her mouth, places on him where she could do it, to take away that sad look. "I'm grateful to you for just listening."

She nodded, not knowing what to say, and to try to keep her hands busy, she stood and moved toward the coffee pot. She needed coffee with her alcohol, or she'd be drunk on her ass early in the evening. As she toiled with the grounds and the filter, she said, "You know, Gabe, I don't understand why Regina would have dumped you. I mean, you're gorgeous, sensitive, and still masculine. You have a great career, great style, an outgoing and fun personality. You have the whole package."

As she finished her statement, she heard a sound, but before she could turn around, Gabe was right behind her, a warm presence close enough to her back that if he'd taken a deep breath, they would have been touching. "Do you really think so?" His voice was low, quiet, sensual, and Lana felt things low in her body tense and twist in response. Her breathing picked up, as did her heart rate, and she struggled to respond, her voice airy.

"Yes, I definitely think so."

"Hmmm," he responded, and his hands were on her hips, resting there lightly, but his own hips pressed into the small of her back, and she could feel that he was getting hard. His cock wasn't fully erect yet, but it was already huge. She had images of what it would be at full mast, and the thought made her mouth go dry. "I'm glad to hear that," he told her. "You know, I feel exactly the same way about you. I've watched you for months, those perky tits straining against your blouse, that tight ass taunting me." As if to emphasize his point, his hands slipped over her ass, squeezing gently, massaging, and she felt his dick growing larger, harder, and her own pussy began to feel moist. "And all I could think about was getting inside of you, fucking you, tasting your pussy."

Lana closed her eyes, feeling dizzy with enthusiasm and anticipation. She started to turn around, but Gabe grabbed her hips firmly and held her in place. She twisted her head around to look over her shoulder, and his chin came forward, his mouth closing over hers in a bruising kiss, his tongue large and thick, fucking her mouth with vigor.

Lana pulled away, breathless, just enough to look into his face, inches away. His eyes were unfocused with passion, and her eyelashes fluttered with her own desire as she spoke, her voice barely above a whisper. "I've wanted you to fuck me since the day we met."

Gabe's lips twisted into a smirk, and he laughed, a low knowing growl that promised sex and sensuality. "Well, it would be a shame not to give you what you've wanted for so long." His hands slid down her hips to the edge of her skirt, lifting it until the material was wrapped around her waist and her black lace panties were fully exposed. He slapped her ass once, drawing a little whimper from between her lips, and then his hand slid between her legs, forcing them a little further apart as his fingers caressed over the lace of her panties. "Your pussy's already wet," he commented.

"Yes," she said, a breathless whisper as she wiggled under his touch. He reached his other hand down, using it to pull her panties to the side, and his fingers slipped inside her moist cunt, three of them teasing and playing in and out, making her gasp and her hips buck in response. "Oh, god," she moaned. "Gabe..." She couldn't seem to form a sentence, but his name came out almost as a plea.

"Tell me what you want," he growled, his fingers still inside her, still fucking her and stretching her to prepare for what was to come. He reached his free hand up under her blouse, pushing her bra out of the way and cupping her breast in his hand. Her tits were firm, and as he pinched her nipple, she squealed. The nipple was already hard with desire.

She fought for a coherent thought and responded. "I want your cock inside me."

"Where inside you?" he asked, and his fingers left her pussy. She didn't turn around, and she could hear his zipper as he freed his now upright dick from their prison. He pressed it against her ass, between her cheeks, the whole length of him, and she knew he was bending his knees, too tall to do that otherwise. Still in that pose, he inserted his fingers in her now soaking wet pussy. "Do you want it here?" He pulled out, taking one finger and teasing around the edge of her asshole. "Or maybe here?" Then, the hand snaked around her neck, in front of her face, and he pushed one finger in her mouth, making her taste her own pussy. "Or maybe you want my cock here."

Lana didn't care where he wanted to stick his cock first, and she answered honestly. "I want you everywhere. In my mouth, my pussy, my ass. I want your cock inside me, everywhere it can go."

He bent his head forward, his teeth scraping across her neck and making her sigh. "Well, I always aim to please." He fisted a hand in that long, black hair of hers and used his grip to push her forward so that she was bent over the kitchen counter, her face turned to the side so that her cheek was pressed to the marble countertop. He pulled her panties down around her knees with one hand, then closed the same hand over his throbbing cock and used it to guide his dick into her pussy. It was warm, wet, and accommodating, and he began to pound in and out, over and over, hard enough to bang her hips against the counter. She moaned and gasped with pleasure, feeling her orgasm build, and just before she could cum, he pulled out of her. She started to protest, to beg, but she didn't have time. Almost immediately, his cock began to push its way into her ass, slowly, with more caution at the tighter hole, but with full confidence that her ass could take him.

The feeling was pleasure and pain, and she groaned, not sure if she was truly enjoying it at first. "Is your ass a virgin?" he asked, and she nodded the best she could, his fist still in her hair, holding her head still. "Wow," he breathed, and as he continued to work his cock, covered with her own wetness, into her ass, his hand found its way in front of her hips and between her legs, his fingers rubbing at her clit vigorously. Now, the feeling was so intense with pleasure that Lana screamed. "Oh, god, Gabe, that's amazing. Harder! Harder!"

Gabe didn't have to be told again, and he shoved his cock all the way in, his whole body shuddering with the sensation, the ecstasy of it. "Yes," he breathed as he began to pump his dick in and out. The orgasm began to build in Lana again, as his fingers rubbed her clit and his dick pounded at her ass. Suddenly, it burst forward, and she screamed loud and hard. "Oh my god! Yes! Yes!"

Gabe kept fingering her clit, but he withdrew from her ass and watched her writhe and buck against the counter in front of him with her orgasm. When she quieted, he pulled her to a standing position and licked her ear. "On your knees now," he told her, and she obeyed, getting to her knees, facing him now.

The size of his cock was even more impressive than she'd imagined, and she touched it almost reverently at first and then with long, rough strokes. She rubbed the head, licked along the shaft, covered in her own flavors. Then she closed her hand around the base of his cock and opened her mouth wide, opened her throat so she could cover the whole dick with her mouth.

She sucked and licked, taking the cock in and out of her mouth, until he threw his head back in ecstasy. His hands were suddenly on the sides of her face, holding her still, and he began to mouth fuck her, shoving his cock in and out while she kneeled there in front of him, her hand cupping his balls and teasing at them. He bucked his hips faster and faster, his cock filling her mouth and her throat until she nearly gagged.

When he spoke, she was so intent on the sensation, the pleasure, and the taste of his dick that he sounded far away. "I want to cum in your mouth."

She managed a nod and an approving groan, and he began to ram his cock into her mouth faster and harder than ever so that she had to grab onto his hips to keep her balance. The salty sweet taste of cum filled her mouth, and the hot, viscous liquid began to run along her tongue, against her teeth, and down her throat. His body shook, and his penis convulsed in her mouth as he came and came, so much she thought she might choke before she could swallow it all. Just the taste of his cum made her body shiver, and her pussy was wet again, wanting more.

When he pulled his cock back from her mouth, she swallowed deeply and wiped the corners of her mouth with the back of her hand, then looked pointedly at him, licking off the remnants from her hand. He grunted happily and stood for a moment, breathing heavily and waiting for his eyes to refocus. While she waited, Lana climbed onto the kitchen table, sitting on the edge of it, her legs spread wide to display her wet and ready cunt to him.

Gabe turned toward her and raised an eyebrow. "You're a greedy little bitch, aren't you?"

She smiled seductively. "Gabe, I've wanted you so badly for so long that I'm never going to be through with you. You fucked me, but I want more. Fuck me again, with your mouth this time." She'd never spoken this way to anyone, never made her desires known so bluntly. Of course, she'd never wanted someone's cock so badly before.

His dick still out and covered in cum and spit, he knelt in front of her and buried his face in her pussy, his tongue darting in and out of her cunt, just like she'd asked. She grabbed his hair, holding his head in place when he tried to come up for air, and she wrapped her legs around his back, her heels digging into his skin just slightly.

He made circles around her clit with his tongue, then shot it back into her pussy, over and over as she moaned and gasped above him. He knew she was about to cum, and he increased the speed of his thrusts, licking the inside of her pussy deeper and harder with each one. When she came, she screamed, and he pushed his tongue inside her, tasting it all, holding it there while she twisted and turned and tried to pull away above him.

Finally, she collapsed on her back on the table, completely satisfied and covered in sweat. Gabe wasn't finished, though. Watching her cum, tasting her pussy, had made his cock hard again, and he crawled on top of her, pressing the head of his dick against the raw, wet hole he'd just eaten from. Both hands found her tits and squeezed in unison, making her breath catch in her chest again. He bent down and kissed her, hard and heavy, feeding her the taste of her own cum, and he plunged his cock inside her again. He pushed hard and fast, making her scream into his mouth and claw his back through the fabric of his shirt. He pushed and pulled, over and over, feeling her pussy convulse around his cock, squeezing it and readying itself for him.

Lana suddenly didn't want to be passive, didn't want to lay on her back, and she pushed him away hard enough that his cock pulled all the way out of her. At his startled expression, she pointed to the kitchen chair. "Sit," she managed to say.

He did, and she crawled onto his lap, sitting on him until his whole cock was wrapped inside the hot wetness of her cunt. Then she began to ride, up and down, over and over, and he reached to pull her shirt over her head, then unclasped her bra, burying his face in her tits as she buried his cock in her pussy.

His hands were on her hips, holding her to a fast, steady rhythm as she breathed his name over and over. This time, when he came, he held her tight against him, his cock as far inside her pussy as it could go, and he shouted her name. "Lana!" Hearing it made her shudder and collapsed against him, his face still buried in her chest, his cock still throbbing inside her as his cum filled her up. They sat for several minutes like that, catching their breath, and finally, Gabe reached up with both hands to touch her face and pull it to his own for a slow, lazy kiss, full of sensual expression.

He smiled up at her with a sense of satisfaction and delight. "That was fucking amazing. I think we should do it more often."

She laughed quietly, the sound raspy and full of promise. "I wouldn't be opposed to that at all." She wiggled on his lap, and it made him groan, so he lifted her off his cock and placed her on her feet in front of him.

She reached down for her panties and laughed louder, seeing that they'd been stretched beyond repair, and kicked them off, then pulled her skirt down, smoothing it over her ass in a ladylike fashion. She grabbed her shirt from the kitchen table and pulled it over her head, not bothering with a bra. Then she watched as Gabe tucked his cock, now soft and smaller but still impressive, back into his pants, zipping them up carefully.

He stood and moved toward her, kissing her again with promise. When he pulled back, his cocky smirk spoke volumes. "I should be going, but how about lunch tomorrow?"

She nodded and couldn't help but reach around him to cup his tight ass in her hands as she answered, "As long as I get to be dessert."