 I met Sue on-line and after a few sessions of general chat our conversations turned toward sex. I When we met I was 43 and she was 8 years older. We enjoyed a variety of sexual activities online but our role playing sessions where what we enjoyed the most. She would usually "force" me to masturbate for her under different circumstances as she watched and kept me from cumming for a very long time. After several months of an enjoyable on-line relationship we finally decided to meet. We picked a town midway between where we both lived and I arranged for the motel room. 

I reached the motel early and check in. I was in the room when I heard a soft knock at the door. I rushed to answer it and saw Sue dressed in a white sleeveless blouse light summer skirt smiling at me from the other side of the door. It was awkward at first as we sat on the bed and talked about the weather and the drive up there. 

Sue finally took the bull by the horns and got up and moved a chair to the center of the room and sat down with a stern look on her face. She looked at me and asked what I was waiting for and then commanded me to strip for her. I hesitated and then when I saw her face turn angry I quickly rose and removed my shoes, shirt and pants. My cock was making a tent in my underpants and sprung free as I pulled them down. I reached up to fondle myself when she ordered my hands to my side explaining, "I will tell you when you can touch your cock, till then just do as I tell you!" I replied, "Yes dear!" and stood before her my cock throbbing and my balls churning in my sack. I could feel my pre cum ooze and looked down to see a drop from at the tip of my cock. I was so horny I could hardly stand it and started to shake. 

After a while she ordered me to walk around and bend over to touch my ankles and then she ordered me to spread my ass cheeks for her. She ordered me to spread my legs wide and then she reached between my legs and dragged one fingernail across the wrinkly skin of my scrotum just where it connects to my body. I jerked and she yelled at me to stand still. I complied and was treated to the sweet pleasure of the fingernail treatment a bit longer. She let her fingernail move up between my cheeks and dragged it around my anus and I nearly fainted as more precum oozed out of my cock. 

After teasing me till I thought I would explode in a massive orgasm she ordered me to stand and turn to face her my cock was throbbing hard and arched and my cock head was purple and hot. Her nipples had grown hard against her bra and blouse and she saw me look at her tits!. She smiled up and me asking if I wanted to see her breast! I replied eagerly and she slowly started unbuttoning her blouse. As she did this she ordered me to use only two fingers to massage my cock very slowly as she watched. Her breasts were small and firm for a woman her age and I was eager to see them. She was wearing a sweet simple bra that snapped in the front and teased me as she opened slowly. Her nipples were large and erect and I sucked in my breath with excitement hopping that she would let me kiss them. She noticed that my cock stroking had become faster and ordered me to stop. 

She then moved close to me and rubbed her nipples against my cock head wiping away the precum that had oozed out. I licked my lips and she smiled at me asking if I wanted to kiss her nipples. I nodded yes eagerly and she consented telling me to just kiss and not to suck. I kneeled down before her and followed her orders but it was so difficult to feel her nipples against my lips and not be able to suck. 

She suddenly rose up before me and lifted up her dress to show me her soft cotton panties. I could see that they were wet and I could smell the sweet aroma of sex. She asked me if I wanted to sniff her pussy and like a good pet I nodded yes eagerly. She spread her legs and pushed our her hips and told me to smell her pussy and nuzzle her with my nose and mouth. After a short time she reached down and grasped my head and started grinding her wet pussy against my face. I reached up to hold her ass and she yelled at me to keep my hands down. I followed instructions as she push hard against me and started thrusting her pussy hard against my mouth. I opened wide and sucked working my tongue between her panties and pussy. 

She continued pushing and thrusting against me and finally ordered me to pull her panties off so I could tongue fuck her. I eagerly complied feeling the rush of pleasure as her juices flowed over my face. Her hips were moving wildly as she fucked my face using my nose as a dildo. As her quivering intensified she pushed so hard against me and squeezed her legs so tight I could hardly breath! She finally released me and turned around bending over the chair and pushing her ass in my face. She ordered me harshly to suck her as and I spread her cheeks with great excitement. She was shaved and as I ran my tongue up between her cheeks she quivered with excitement. She started masturbating her pussy as I sucked and licked her anus pushing my tongue in as much as possible. She finally ordered me to use my finger and I complied slipping my finger into her tight little anus as I wildly licked her. I used my other finger to fuck her pussy and in only moments she convulsed in a massive orgasm. Her body quaked and shook but I didn't stop my oral loving pleasure and her orgasm lingered. She finally pulled a way and turned toward me ordering me to clean her off with my tongue. I lapped, licked and suck the pussy juice from her legs and pussy as she stroked my head telling me I had been a good boy. 

After a while she pushed me away and ordered me to stand. My cock was still rock hard and bounced in front of me. She smiled and asked me if I wanted to cum. I replied that if it would please her I would love to cum. She told me that I earned a good orgasm and ordered me to fondle my balls and to start stroking my cock for her. I started jerking away like a wild man eager to spurt cum but she ordered me to slow down. It was agony stroking slowly for her. I used my saliva as lubricant and when she noted that I was getting close to cumming she would order me to stop and to just play with my balls. 

After what seemed like ages she ordered me to lie down on my back on the bed and to lift my legs. She then told me to start jacking off again and to finger my ass. She stood over me fondling her sweet breasts watching me and I masturbated and finger-fucked my ass. I was getting very close to cumming and she told me that this time she would let me cum. She reached down to massage my balls and her touch sent me over the edge and I started spurting. My cum shot out in great arches of cream to splash down on my chest. I nearly fainted from the intensity of my orgasms as she squeezed my balls with each explosive spurt. Finally when the last drop was squeezed from my cock she leaned down to kiss my cock head and lick me. I jerked and quivered with the trill of her touch and she winked at me. She moved one finger through the cum on my chest and then brought it to my lips. I opened my mouth and sucked her finger tasting my cum as she told me again I was a good boy.

We showered together and she had me suck her pussy again as the warm water poured over us she came two more times in the show and it was more like love making than raw sex. After dressing she told me that she wanted me to visit her at her home in two weeks for some special fun. I agreed without hesitation and tried to get her to tell me what the special fun was going to be. She just smiled and said that we would both enjoy it greatly. She then kissed me and squeezed my cock and left. I was so excited that I had to jackoff two more times before leaving reliving the pleasures that I had just experienced. 

As I drove home I started wondering what she would have planned for me in two weeks. I was soon rock hard and masturbated again in my car as I drove.