 Peanuts and a ginger ale had been the only thing she’d had during the flight to Los Angeles and the fact of the matter was that she was famished and would eat nearly anything at this point. He was supposed to be there waiting and he’d better be ready to take her for a late dinner or he just might end up being her dinner. The tightened airport regulations made it impossible for him to meet her at the gate so as soon as she came out of the Boeing 747 she quickly looked for signs telling her which way to baggage claim.

Forty or fifty bags passed before she saw the first of three bags on the carousel. The second and third quickly appeared with no sign of him. Shouldering one bag and pulling out the wheels on the other two she slowly stepped through the exit and onto the curb, looking frantically to see if he had remembered when a horn began to blare, bringing her attention to the black pickup not far up the curb, his head bobbing above, her heart beginning to race. It took him only seconds to reach her, grabbing her face in his hands his lips locking on her mouth all in one motion and taking her by surprise. After what seemed like an eternity she began to kiss him back with a furor, her tongue sliding across his lips trying to enter. It only took a second before his mouth opened allowing her tongue to begin the exploration that was to continue throughout the weekend.

Traffic was a bit hectic leaving the airport but once on the interstate he got a second chance to really look into her eyes, a small tear sitting on the lid of her eye, her happiness as evident as possible. Pushing the coat from between them she slid close, her hand resting on his thigh while she just stared at her fantasy man, the man she never thought she's ever actually set eyes on. Turning his face toward hers he softly kissed her lips “It’s been too long.”

For almost 40 miles they drove in silence, it was felt a bit unnatural to her but she didn't know what to say and was counting on something to fuel discussion soon before she really began to worry. It was almost like ESP because soon he began asking about her flight and how she was feeling. She told him everything had gone smoothly and that the security lines hadn't been that long after all. Still on his thigh, her hand involuntarily had begun to slowly move, her eyes staring at his face as he continued driving his breathing changing somewhat. She wasn't quite sure and slid her hand between his legs her hand softly cupping him. In a matter of minutes she felt movement in his pants although he had moved in his seat slightly. She was sure he was feeling a bit uncertain now, not wanting her to know that just the slight pressure of her palm on his crotch was enough to wake his manhood. Letting her hand rest there, she cupped his balls through his jeans and looked directly at the side of his face, smiling faintly and then squeezing...

Kissing his earlobe softly he heard her husky voice, “There's something growing in there, do you think I should check it out?” her hand rubbing up and down his pants. “I don’t rightly know, what do you think?” was his reply as he felt her turning her body towards him, both of her hands now working on his zipper and button. “I need to know what you have there Baby!” Feeling the button pop open, and hearing unzip he knew he might be in some difficult driving ahead and he was correct as she pulled the zipper wide and found his tool uncovered, he’d left the underwear on the bathroom floor as he had gotten dressed... 

“OhGod Yesssss...,” was all that came out as her lips wrapped around the head. She’d nearly laid down on the truck seat, her knees bent at a ninety degree angle and her toes touching the window. Any cars passing by would see only the driver in the correct position and a pair of ankles and feet facing out of the passenger side window if it had been open. “OhGod Baby...,” he forced himself to concentrate on the road as her mouth began exploring. Opening her mouth just slightly she felt his shaft enter her mouth. It was so pink and smooth. And it was, well it was a bit larger in real life than it had looked in the pictures he had sent her but she was ready for it since she was going to have the lunch she really wanted to eat...

Once the car finally turned into the drive he told her they had received their destination which was just as well considering he had been concentrating on not cumming in her mouth for the past five miles. She lifted her mouth from his swollen member and took her first look at the house and the land around it. The house was a simple single story ranch and it had a two car detached garage, which was what looked like about one hundred yards away from the front door. Getting out of the truck she looked to the west and watched as the sun finally dipped below the horizon, darkness enveloping them as they took the luggage from the truck and leisurely walked to the door...

After giving her a quick tour of the house, he grabbed her bags and walked down the hallway towards the room he hoped they would spend most of their time in. Pushing the door open with his foot he dropped one bag on the floor and turned the light switch on illuminating what was to be a love haven for the two of them. Walking toward another door he quickly turned on another switch, “This is the master bath,” turning into her awkwardly, but recovering nicely, kissing her softly. “Lets put your bags away later,” he said with a mischievous look in his eyes... 

He opened two empty drawers of the dresser, “Put your clothes in here and you'll find some empty hangers in the closet for anything you need to hang,” pointing towards the walk-in closet. “I’ll let give you some time to get acclimated, I’ll be in the kitchen,” he said and quickly left her. She was a bit tired and after unpacking her bags into the dresser drawer and hanging up the slacks and dress she’d brought she lie down on the bed, asleep as soon as her head hit the pillow...

Waking up in a panic on her stomach she tried to sit up but soon realized she would be moving no where, each of her wrists had been bound to a bedpost, as had each of her ankles and to make matters worse, what seemed to be a ball was in her mouth, a piece of tape holding it firmly in place. “Hmmmmm...are those ropes a bit tight,” the first thing she’d heard since waking. She could barely make out his figure in the corner other than the mask covering his head and that his cock was at attention. “I’ve been considering just how I was going to fuck you bitch, at least the first go around...and with your mouth full I guess I won't have my cock in there.” Walking to the side of the bed she watched as he stroked his manhood, a droplet of cumm seeping from the head. “How about a good old fashioned ass fucking, would that be satisfactory,” he said dryly. She could only imagine the lust in his eyes but she didn’t recognize the voice and realized her bottom was soon to be ravaged by his tool. “I think I will just have my way with that ass of yours, do you love it in the ass, lets see if a cock in that ass will turn you into a sex crazed bitch!” As he climbed onto the bed she saw the pillow in his hand. Slowly he slid it under her stomach, lifting her ass off the bed. She’d only been fucked in the ass from behind, but this was something totally new, he’d be fucking her ass for his own enjoyment not hers and she began to imagine his cock plugging her tightest little hole...

She felt the finger enter her tight little hole at which time she also felt him climb onto the bed. He began to slide his finger in and out of her bottom with the same rhythm his cock was stroking across her leg as he straddled it. It seemed his finger was sliding deeper in her ass with each stroke and although she didn't want him to know so quickly what he was doing to her, she heard her own breathing become more shallow with each downward stroke. The ball in her mouth made it impossible to speak but not for him to hear as her first orgasm began to build deep in her belly. Unfortunately for her he took his finger from her bottom, leaving her on the edge of an orgasm but not fulfilled. "So, how's it feel to be left at the brink, but not satisfied?" He had slid off the bed and was standing in front of her now, his member at attention. "Why don't you prepare me to enter that sweet ass of yours?" at which time he ripped the tape from her mouth, the ball falling to the ground. "I...I want..," was all she said before he forced the head of his cock into her mouth, his fingers grabbing her hair, pulling himself into her mouth. "Suck it Bitch! Take it in that slutty little mouth of yours!" She felt the shaft sliding deep in her mouth, the tip touched the back of her mouth before she began to gag although the reflex did little to help her as he ignored her gagging and began to thrust his hips in her face. Acting like the piston in a car, the shaft slammed in and out at a quicker pace, as she heard his moans grow louder and louder. As he shuddered for the first time she felt the long jet of cumm coat the back of her throat, the second jet filled her enough that she involuntarily swallowed, the cumm sliding down her throat and into her belly. His fingers gripped her hair tighter as he bucked wildly against her face, a third and fourth load deposited in her mouth and something wet dripped from her mouth now. After swallowing for the second time, she felt the wetness between her legs, her mouth sucking uncontrollably on his hardness. She'd begun to feel like the slut he was treating her like... 

The feeling became stronger when he pulled his cock from her lips, wiping it against her cheek before loosening the ropes and quickly walking out. It only took a few seconds to free herself but she realized by the time she reached the living room that she was the only person in the house. Her mind began to race, questioning whether she had dreamt the whole scenario, but it couldn't be, it just couldn't, she had dried cumm all down her chin...

After taking a long shower, she heard a door slam and heard someone come into the house. Opening the door slightly and peeking out, she saw him carrying a sack of groceries and set them on the kitchen counter. Opening the door wider she heard, "Did you have a good rest, I went to the store so we didn't have to waste time on looking for a place to eat." She couldn't be sure but it would have taken longer to go to the store, make purchases, and drive back than the amount of time she had been set free. Her initial reaction might be wrong, she may have just been fucked by someone else, or she had had the most realistic dream of her life!!!!!!!!! She quickly retreated into the bedroom, not only to put fresh clothes on, but to decide if she should tell him what had happened while he was out...

He'd never said cooking was one of his hobbies but by the time she had primped and pampered an Italian dinner was on the table. Wonderful smell of lasagne, Italian bread, vegetables with a glass of wine at each place setting. She felt like she was at a high-class restaurant when he pulled her chair out, placing a napkin on her lap as he helped slide her chair in before seating himself. Touching her hand, she heard him say, "We need this to keep our energy up while we make love.!

Dinner seemed like a blur as the two stared into each others’ eyes while feasting not only on the Italian cuisine but on the shape of each others bodies. About half way through dinner he quickly stood, then walked to her chair and slowly unbuttoned her blouse all the while she looked lustfully into his eyes. Once he'd slid the blouse from her arms he unsnapped her brassiere, letting it fall into her lap, then returning to his chair. Her nipples had become semi-erect by the time he'd placed his napkin back in his lap and by the time he'd taken the next bite her nipples were rock hard. 

He finished his dinner with her nipples erect, his cock grown to its full length, her eyes lusting for pleasure. Pushing the dishes off the table and onto the floor, she stood and lowered her breasts to the tabletop, her ass lifted high in the air. Her cunt was soaking by now and she needed his manhood to fill her, fill her and take her as he'd never taken a woman before and like it was ESP, he strode quickly to her end of the table, ripping her skirt from her waist and dropping his jeans to the floor. He felt her fleshy hips in his fingers as he grabbed her, sliding his hardness between the cheeks of her bottom, his cock finding her wetness and entering her. The loudness of her moan scared him at first, but motivated him to begin stroking his member in and out of her, the palm of his hand slapping her ass in rhythm to their lovemaking... 

After her third orgasm she felt his body tense, knowing he was about to cumm, she pushed back against his cock, feeling it sink deeper that it had been as of yet, and wiggled her hips as he let out a loud moan as his seed entered her pussy. Around her second orgasm she began to feel like a slut and now wanted to be a nasty whore for him. Pulling away from him she felt his cock slide from its home inside her wetness, she dropped to her knees in front of him, taking his wet manhood in her mouth, tasting the mixture of their juices. Wrapping her arms around his hips, her hands grabbing is ass cheeks, she pulled his cock deep into her mouth and began to suck his rod like never before. It was no longer as hard but as he grabbed her hair in his hands and began bucking his hips, she felt it grow in her mouth... 

She had the picture of his cock in her head, the well defined head, but taking him into her mouth for the second time she realized that she loved sucking it more than any cock she'd had before. It grew and grew as he became more excited by her lips and tongue, his hands grabbing her hair, his hips bucking into her face. Pulling it from her mouth she told him she was his whore and that her mouth was his cocks’ home whenever it needed it. Replacing it into her mouth she continued the assault on his shaft, her pussy dripping with their juices along with the new juices that were being created as he fucked her mouth, her mind racing as she felt another orgasm building in her womb. Taking her hand she softly pushed against his thigh, parting his legs barely. After taking his cock from her mouth she placed a finger in her mouth for just a second, taking the same finger and sliding it behind his balls and into his asshole. He screamed for an instant as she rammed her finger deep into his bowels, then began to moan softly as she gently worked her finger in and out of him, his cock deep in her mouth again...he was being doubly pleasured and from the sounds coming from him she'd found a wonderful way to control her lover...

He'd cum in her mouth after five minutes of her finger in his ass and she felt it was her turn. After climbing on to the table she lay down on her back, motioning him to put a piece of lasagna on each of her breasts, then one on her wet pussy. After complying with her request he looked to her and listened as she commanded him to return to dinner, he was to eat the food from her body. Gingerly he went about the task of eating each piece from her breasts, taking extra time to lick each nipple until it was again rock hard then kissed down her belly to her cunt, taking even more time to clean her, tasting not only the food but her juices and his own cum that had been deposited in her vagina. After the orgasm brought on by is tongue cleaning her pussy she pushed him off, rolling onto her belly and announcing that it was desert time. Looking into her eyes he instantly knew what that meant and quickly went to the refrigerator and brought back the chocolate custard desert. As he surveyed the table he left the room momentarily and came back with a thick pillow. Gently sliding the pillow under her hips he smiled devilishly, knowing that his desert was nearly at hand and grabbed the first cup of custard. Taking a spoon he dolled out the custard on her ass cheeks, spreading them after he finished emptying the bowl so that the custard could slide down between her sweet buns. Now desert was to actually begin...

She felt his fingers spreading her, his tongue snaking across her tightest little hole, her moans escaping her mouth involuntarily. The custard tasted heavenly with just enough taste of her ass, motivating him to lick her ass even more, her moans growing and growing as he began to fuck her ass with his tongue until she began to tremble as another orgasm rocked her body. That was the signal and he quickly slid his shaft between her buns, pressing the tip into her little hole, all the time ignoring her screams as he began to fuck her in the ass...

Grabbing her hips he pushed and pulled his tool in and out of her tight little butt, listening as the screams of pain turned quickly into moans of pleasure and finally into pleading for more, more cock in her ass and that the cock find its way deeper into her. He began to slap her ass in rhythm to his strokes and his orgasm grew quickly, his scream signaling the release of his orgasm as he pumped his cum into his slut...He crumbled on top of her as the last of his cum left and filled her vagina hearing her moan softly again. They lay like that for a long time. When his cock slipped from her, they slowly and deliberately cleared the table, stacking the dished in the dishwasher and found their way to the bedroom, climbing in and collapsing in each others’ arm, their minds trying to grasp the amount of passion that had been expended this first day...and what would the new day bring...