 It's a Monday evening, mid-November, cold and dark outside. We have emailed constantly the past few days, exchanged photos and fantasies, even had a couple of erotic telephone conversations. 

As of this moment, I don't even know your last name, although I do know where you work and what you do for a living. At this point, I am so overwrought with unbridled passion and lust for you, I don't care if you arrive with 3 heads...just as long as one of them is in your pants and hard. You have me fully aroused.

I fight traffic to get to the Meeting place. I am late, uncharacteristic for me. You have already arrived, you sit on the left side of the bar, you've saved me a seat. As my eyes gradually adjust to the light, I spot you and move to be near you. I am absolutely delighted with the sight! You are so sexy and very handsome...

Before I can even sit down fully, you are saying, 'Hi there, my name is John and I'm here to please you'...and your warm soft lips and tongue are blending with mine...my wet pussy is already throbbing, has been like this now for 3 whole days, just waiting with hot anticipation for this moment. You kiss me passionately and my whole body cries out in response. I don't want to end these soft deep wonderful passionate kisses...but we are in this bar and not alone. Anyone watching us would think we had been together for months and months...not 2 strangers who are meeting for the very first time...

I nervously order a beer when the Bartender asks what I want...hell, I want to tell him, 'All I want right now is to fuck this sexy man!'...but I manage to restrain myself. I turn and look into your eyes and they are hot and dilated with your hunger for me. Reaching down into your lap, I feel your hard cock down the leg of your pants, it is at least 7 inches and getting longer and harder with each caress. Oh, God, my cunt begins to throb. You take my face in your hands, kissing me again and one hand goes to my breast where you can feel my erect nipple through my thin shirt. No bra, no panties...this is a special night and I have agreed to meet you all ready for play. I take my wet panties out of my handbag and give them to you...a gift.

That cock in your lap has me hungering for a taste of your hot cum. I gently squeeze the head and rub up and down along the shaft of it, loving the look on your face as I do. Devil, you take one hand and reach up under my long skirt, pulling it up for access to my pussy and clit right there on the barstools. People are watching us both and we begin to get off on this...we are giving them a show to remember!

Your hot hand finds my clit and you stroke me soooooooooooooooo gently, at first I am not sure you are even touching me...then more insistently, we are kissing now, you are rubbing me faster, a little harder, my poor clit is on fire, you are watching my face in between kisses, seeing my reaction to your ministrations, and finally I tell you I must cum, I need to, and you encourage me and I flood your hand, stifling the sounds in my throat. I am convinced that everyone in the place has just seen what we did, and instead of being shy about it, I want more...I want them all to know what I have just done and to be jealous of you and your talent and skill...you and I alternately kiss and caress one another until I have cum several times, my pussy is dripping hot, and your cock is fully hard. When we can't take it anymore, you tell me it's time to go, and I get up...ladies' room first to cool off enough to walk...then to your car.

You open the passenger side door for me but before we can get in, we are pushing ourselves together, I am desperate to feel you up against me, our groins are hot and needy. My mouth and yours are one organ, searching and hot and fully involved. I can feel both my nipples, hard like my clit. You boost me up onto the seat and raise my skirt, telling me that you are 'hungry' and the next thing I feel is your hot mouth on my cunt...I am in heaven...eat me, lick me...I am cumming for you...finally I have been sated for the moment and my attentions turn to that monster in your pants, I want to see him and ask for a good look...as soon as you pull the head from the fly, my mouth is on you...I want to suck you off right then and there, want a full load of you deep in my throat. Never mind that this is a public parking lot, we have no protection from view, and we only met just 20 minutes ago!

You allow me the luxury of a slight suck and then you push me up into the car, closing the door to my side and getting in on your own side. I reach over once again for that delicious fucktool, wanting it all and not wanting to wait. You have your hands busy at my breasts and I have my head in your lap, and we are lost in the moment...my cunt throbs and expands with an intense need to be filled, you sense this and tell me it's time to go to your place so we can fuck. You drive me over to my car...I get in and follow you the few blocks to your apartment. 

At your door, I rub my hand underneath your ass while you are busy at the lock. We get inside and clothing begins coming off, you take off my high-heeled shoes and are down on your knees in front of my wet pussy...and you lick and suck me delightfully until I cum once again...I drop to my knees in front of your massive cock, it is hard and bobbing up and down deliciously with desire. I take you into my mouth and suck you until you pull me up and lead me into your bedroom, where you tell me to get on my knees on your big bed...

As I do, you rub that huge cockhead all over my hot wet pussy, getting me close to orgasm again before I beg you to enter me...finally I can't take anymore, and you slowly give me what feels like an endless cock, it is long and wonderful and the head is huge and hard...I push back into you, I am cumming repeatedly as I beg you to fuck me, oh fuck me, do it hard, it's sooooooooooo good.

With my face down into your fancy comforter, my ass up in the air and my pussy full of your hard cock, I am hoping and praying that this night will never end...that you will become my Fuck Master, and service this pussy well and often...and I am one very happy and very satisfied woman...

Thank you for a wonderful First Meeting!