 Meeting

We've been messaging off and on for weeks. Exchanging thoughts and at times discussing things that make my toes curl. It was finally decided that we had to see if there was anything between us in person.

We agreed to meet far from either of our homes in a nice hotel. I'm to get there first. I take a long relaxing bath without touching myself, as directed. I dry off and crawl to the middle of the large bed. 

Slipping the thick, black blindfold over my head, I lay back. Relax. I spread my legs toward the bottom corners of the bed. 

Immediately my body responds to the chill in the air. Fighting the instinct to cover myself, I lift my arms and cross them above my head. And wait. . .

Are you coming? I try to distract myself with thoughts of what you may do to me. The air in the room has my nipples so hard they ache. Every once in awhile I feel a cool breeze on my warm cunt. 

Oh shit, can I take this? Yes. This is what I wanted. What I asked you for. Waiting. . .

CLICK. The door is opening. God I hope it's you. How will I explain this otherwise? Could I protect myself if it was someone else? 

A growl I've become addicted to comes from the direction of the door. Then quiet. A whisper in my ear "good girl". I press my legs together at the jolt that makes my pussy clench. Your stern voice next to me ordering me to open my legs. 

God, I already feel my juices dripping down to my ass. You haven't even touched me and I'm almost panting. 

The bottom of the bed dips. Your strong hands push my legs further apart. I hear your inhalation but have no clue what you're doing. Then a gust of warm air on my overheated sex. 

Another growl has my body tightening again. No movement, just your breath. I shiver as it hits my flowing juices and cools them on my skin. "Mmmmm. You smell delicious." you growl. "My good girl is already dripping for me." 

I jerk as I feel your warm tongue lick from my ass to my clit. Oh fuck! "What a sweet, wet pussy." 

I whimper. 

You crawl up my body slowly and lower your clothed body onto mine. Your tongue strokes my bottom lip. Mine pokes out to twine with yours. You're right. I do taste good. 

I go to put my arms around your neck wanting to taste more of myself on your tongue but they're lifted back above my head. "Uh-uh little one. I like you just where you were. I'll give you what you need. Wait for my directions before moving." 

God I want to run my hands up and down your body. I can't see anything. I keep having that lovely feeling you get with a real good stretch. My body tensing under yours. 

Your shirt scratching over my hard nipples is driving me crazy. Your hard cock pressing against my open pussy lips is a sweet torture. 

Part of me wants to flip you over, pull your dick out and ride it for all I'm worth. The other part wants to be taken care of so I wait. 

You seem to realize as I gain control of myself. "Good girl" you say beginning to lick, nibble and kiss your way from my mouth to my neck. Your tongue and mouth feel so hot and wet. Your licks slow and deliberate. 

As you move down you stop. "I want you to arch your back so I can taste those sexy tits. ... That's right. Just like that. Mmmmm." 

I feel like shockwaves are traveling from my nipples to my clit. As you lick one, your hand lightly strokes the other. 

Holy fuck. I feel like my body could explode into millions of little pieces at any moment. Please for the love of all things good, I need some relief. "Please" I whisper. 

"All in good time you greedy girl." You growl. "I'll fuck you but you have to wait for it." With that the wonderful pressure of your weight on my body disappears. 

Oh shit. What have I done? God I just want to do what you ask. It's so fucking hard to lay still while you take your time with my overwrought body. 

My panting starts to slow. I'm trying to hear anything that will give me a clue as to what you're doing. At first nothing. Then a slight rustle and a slow zipping noise. Relief washes over me that you haven't left me. 

After what seems like forever, I hear you come my way. "Okay greedy girl. I'm going to sit you up. You'll sit exactly as I place you. Understand?" rumbles out your mouth. 

"Yes sir" automatically comes out of mine. Your strong hands slowly sit me up with my legs off the edge of the bed. I'm so glad you went slowly. With my eyes covered it would've freaked me out to be jerked upright. 

You take my hands and place them on your hips. "I'll give you 2 minutes to use your hands. You waited so patiently. Go ahead, don't be shy now. The clock is ticking." 

There is so much I want to touch but little time. I reach up and lightly touch your chest. Oh my. The smoothness of your skin is delightful. I feel the definition in your chest and stomach. You take care of your body for sure. My hands have started to shake in my excitement. 

I reach around to grip your ass. Firm but juicy. Mmmmm! "1 minute". I move quickly to your crotch where I find the answer to whether you're turned on as well. God it's so hard. The soft, silky skin of your cock slides under my hands. Your dick twitches as I lick my lips. 

"Patience little one." I stroke your cock slowly savoring the feel of it sliding between my hands. I rub the tip and find it wet. I move one hand to cup your balls as I bring the other to my mouth. 

The salty taste sends shivers down my back. "Did you like that little one?" You ask. I shake my head. "Say it. I enjoy hearing your voice and want you to answer me fully." you order. 

Oh shit. I love it when you get demanding. I force the words out in a whisper. "Yes sir. I love the taste of your salty cum in my mouth." 

With that pronouncement you begin to laugh. Oh what a wonderful sound. "There may be hope for my shy girl after all." The sound of your deep throaty laughter causes my pussy to clench in a spasm. I like making you happy. I like it a lot. 

"Your two minutes are up. Put your hands behind your back. That's right, just at the small of your back. Mmmm! I love how that makes your tits jut out." Your praise causes me to shiver. "Cold kitten?" you growl. "Let's see what I can do to help you warm up." 

The musky scent of your arousal becomes stronger. I draw it deeply into my lungs. Every time I think I'm as horny as I can get, you do something to make it even stronger. 

"Open that pretty mouth and stick out your tongue." My tongue immediately pokes out. "Good girl. Now I'm going to give you directions. Let's see how well you can follow them. Don't do anything unless you're told to." your stern voice groans. 

The silky damp tip of your dick traces my lips. Instinctively I lick my lips. Your bark startles me. "No! Not until you're told to! Hold perfectly still." My nipples are pinched and released. 

My eyes tear up behind my blindfold. I want to be good. This time I feel the soft smooth skin on the side of your cock rub my right cheek. I hold still. Waiting. "I'm going to put my big, hard prick near your mouth now. I want you to start at the head and slowly lick your way down my shaft." 

"Yes sir." I pant quietly. I've been waiting for this for what seems like forever. My heart's pounding as my tongue eagerly laps at the tip of your cock. I lick a few times before asking "Like this?" 

"Yes sweet girl. Just like that. Keep going." The salty taste has my mouth watering for more. God, I want to suck you into my mouth. 

My body's shaking with wanting you now. I force myself to calmly take what I'm being given. Licking and kissing my way down each side. I wait. "That felt wonderful little one. Next I want you to suck the head of my cock as you wish." 

I take the end of your dick in my mouth and suck, hollowing my cheeks and swirling my tongue around the rim. I want as much of your pre-cum as I can get. My mouth waters for it. 

Your groans and growls are heavenly. They keep my pussy sopping wet. I feel a hand at the back of my head right before you start slowly pumping your hips. "So warm and wet. I'm gonna fuck your mouth now pretty girl. Is that what you want?" 

"Uh huh" I slobber around your dick. 

"Tell me!" your voice snaps. You pull out letting me speak. 

"Yes, please". 

"No I said tell me! Ask for what you want. Speak up so I can hear every.,, single... dirty thing you say." you grate out. 

I pull all my courage and blurt "Please use my mouth. I want you to fuck it good. I love the taste of your sexy hard cock." You cut me off by doing exactly that. Your thrusts are hitting the back of my throat. 

"Take it! Relax your throat." You hold the end of your dick against the back of my throat until I gag. You pull back. Drool runs down my chin and your cock. "Good girl." your voice catches. 

"Again." Your dick is choking me once more. It scares me a bit but not because I think you'll hurt me. I just don't want to disappoint. I gag again, hoping my spit and drool doesn't ruin anything. 

"What a beautiful mouth taking my huge cock. I love watching it disappear into your hot, wet mouth." You continue to praise me and groan while pounding in and out of my mouth. 

I loose track of time. All I know is the thick shaft pumping in and out. Until it disappears and I groan. "Now it's my turn." you choke out. 

"I want your head on the bed and your beautiful ass in the air. Legs spread." You position me just so and step away. "Baby girl, your legs are coated. Your sweet pussy is dripping wet."

Again your tongue licks at my pussy lips gathering the juices seeping out of it. I arch my back wanting you to lick my clit. 

Again with the sexy laugh. It's a bit of a growl and chuckle at the same time. My pussy clenches again. "Does my laugh turn you on little one? Do you like making me happy? What a good girl you are." you say. 

I smile proudly. Then your tongue jabs deep into my cunt. Your face buried in my sopping pussy. Your tongue licking wildly inside me is driving me insane. 

There's the growling sound again from your throat. Shit, you sound like a wild animal. Instead of being scared, it just pushes me closer to coming. Holy fuck. It feels so good to have you in me. 

"Please!" I yell. 

"Please what, my sweet tasting girl?" you ask. I'm so confused right now. I just want to come so fucking bad. "Please suck your clit?" you say lowering your face back to my aching clit and sucking it harshly into your mouth. 

"Fuck!" I groan. 

"Or please bury my big fucking cock balls deep in this sopping pussy?" you ask while ramming two fingers in me. Holy shit, I start to contract but then your fingers are gone. 

"Please let me cum. I need to cum so bad." I sob. 

I arch my back and open my legs as far as I can. I don't care what's coming at this point because I know you're going to take care of me. 

You pull my hips toward you and enter in one drawn out, slow stroke. "Do you like my throbbing cock inside you?" you ask as you bottom out and stop. Your balls are rubbing my clit and send shivers all over my body. "Answer me! Is this what you want?" you begin slowly pulling out of my shaking body. 

"No! Please fuck me hard! Please use me as hard as you want." I beg. With that said, you slowly pick up speed. I think for sure I'm about to get it. 

"Well guess what. I'm not ready for you to cum yet." You pause. "How do you feel, little girl?" you ask continuing to thrust in and out of me at a leisurely pace. 

"I feel like I'm going crazy! Please fucking make me cum." I've got tears streaming from my eyes at this point. "It feels too good. I can't take it any longer." I say. 

"Oh sweet girl, you can and you will take what I give you. However I choose to give it to you." you say punctuated by groans and moans from both of us as your cock keeps up it's torturous pace. 

You keep up this pace for what seems like hours. Every time I get close and think it's time, you slow down or stop. 

At first I try to fight it but finally give in and lay there simply feeling. I'm feeling the shift of your hard cock back & forth. The cool air blowing over my sweat and juice slicked body. I'm hearing all the lovely sounds you make enjoying my pussy wrapped tight around your cock. Listening to the dirty words grunted and growled as you hold yourself back as well. Hearing the noises my pussy makes as you slide through its wetness. 

My breathing is coming in pants now. I feel a bit euphoric. I'm now grateful for everything you're giving me. I sigh. 

"Okay little one. Now you're ready." you grunt. You grab my hip with one hand and my hair with the other. "I want you to cum now. Get ready." rumbles out your throat. With that your hips start thrashing into mine. 

"Holy shit! Fuck yeah! Oh god yes. Please. Fuck!" I'm yelling as your cock batters my sore pussy. 

"Cum on my fucking cock! I want you pouring down my legs. Fucking do it! Cum now! RIGHT FUCKING NOW!" My body splinters. It spasms over and over fucking hard. My pussy squirts its juices all over your cock, down your legs and even a bit up your stomach. 

In the distance I hear your roars. "Fuck yeah soak me! Damn you're squeezing my cock so fucking tight." You pull out and shoot your cum all over my back and ass. It's so fucking warm on my sweat soaked skin. I feel myself being lowered to the bed and covered as I drift into unconsciousness. My last thought is that I can't wait to see what the morning will bring.