 This is my first attempt at an online story, feedback is welcome, that is the only way this can improve. I plan for this to be a series, so if this isn't enough kink or excitement... it WILL build up in subsequent stories.

Story inspired by my love Mary... a woman who is likely my sexual equal, and I can't wait to feel our bodies entangled for real... 

*

I can't believe I am finally landing... I have been awaiting this day for almost four years... four years of emails, phone calls, texts (ok ok.. sexts), pic messages, videos, kinky evenings home alone controlled and consumed with hours of fun. As the plane taxis to the terminal I am filled with nervous excitement, feel like my eyes are seeing visions that don't exist I am so excited. My eyes are wide open and all I can do is picture her... imagine her.. there.. smiling.. greeting me for the first time face to face. Never in my life have I met someone who has seen EVERY inch of my body before ever seeing me in person, so strange, so exciting, I reach down to unbuckle my seat and realize I am throbbing hard already just with those few thoughts.

A short background, to enhance the story... I met Mary almost four years ago, stumbled onto her on the Literotica forums, we found common ground outside of our horniness, and that seemed to enhance our EARLY desire for each other... we exchanged a few PMs and emails, and I decided to give her my number, and hope she would call, so we could play together on the phone. 

She called although she hid/blocked her number, it was AWESOME, and (if my memory is accurate) decided to go round 2 shortly after, and she called me again, this time forgetting to block her number!! OH YEAH!! after we played, and both came a second time I started texting her... talking dirty to her... enjoying every word in conversation with her. we fit.. we meshed, we could talk or text for hours and every word made me smile... made my cock twitch and throb, and made me want her more. 

This has continued... for years now. I love her, I crave her and I do not mean just lust, but I mean a full feeling of love, I enjoy talking to her about the mundane, of what drink she got from Starbucks today, to complaints about issues at her job, to our similar love of music... simply anything...

Now, with that background... back to the meeting... I exited the plane and my legs felt like I had just had a massive workout... like jelly... nerves... excitement... I looked around to spot her... I had only seen a few pictures of her face, but as I looked across the aisle in the terminal I saw her... it HAD to be her... she had this massive sexy smile... and I swear I felt her nervousness from where I stood, a good 30 feet from her. Mary was in her mid 30s, with a beautiful darker skin tone, dark eyes, smooth dark hair, ample chest in her small dress we agreed she would wear for our first meeting... and comfortable shoes, she seemed to be wriggling just standing there as I approached her. 

I am in my early 30s, Italian.. black hair, very short trimmed goatee and beard, hazel eyes, average build and strong, I was wearing a dress shirt, tie, and dress pants, as I knew she wanted to first see me in my work clothes. I walked up to her confident it was Mary... I came up to her, looked into her eyes, our bodies not 2 inches apart and our faces smiling as we stared into each other's eyes. I saw her inhale deeply, taking in my cologne as I was definitely invading her personal space, she smiled again... I swore I could smell not only her amazing sexy self... but almost a hint of pussy... a hint of a soaking wet, dripping, drenching needy pussy.

I moved first, I kissed her on her lips, wrapping one arm around her, the other one holding my carry on. Our lips parted, and the feeling and electricity was flowing more than I could have imagined... I swear I felt her pulse in her tongue as we molested each other through that kiss in the middle of the airport... after what seemed like an eternity I pulled away.. smiling a sloppy wet smile now.. "Hi" is all I could say... my eyes were saying I love you, I crave you, I am so excited to be here with you! All Mary did was grin back at me, seemingly with the same feelings expressed in her eyes. 

"Shall we?" I said, turning sideways, with my carry on in my left hand, and I grabbed her hand in my right hand... fingers interlocked as we walked away. I had no other baggage, so we proceeded to walk down to the rent-a-car desk. I had reserved a mid-size car and figured I'd get some later model car, of course I was right. But while we were standing at the counter, I let go of her hand and put my arm around her waist... constantly dropping it to cup her ass... again and again... teasing her.. I felt her slide her legs apart ever so slightly... that movement made my cock THROB and I looked her in the eyes... she pulled out the 'fuck me eyes' right away... 

All I knew is it was going to be HELL trying to not cum instantly the first time we got to be alone! I signed the documents, paid and we walked out to the car. I opened her door, and as she brushed beside me she gently grabbed my crotch and licked her lips.. I pulled her head to mine.. kissed her softly.... and let her sit down in the car, closing the door behind her, I tossed my bag in the backseat and got into the driver's seat. 

"I hope the hotel is close, because this thing isn't going to go away for awhile I'm sure!" I said as I tried to situate the seat belt over my obvious bulge. 

"Mmmmmm" Mary said... "Maybe we need to deal with that before the hotel...." "I am so excited you finally came to meet me, and I am ready for everything we had teased about!"

"fuck" is all I could mutter, and as I went to put the key into the ignition... Mary reached over and grabbed my cock.. I put the seat back a little bit... and stared into her eyes... "Really??" I said, smiling, and almost in disbelief as I had wanted this.. and her.... for so long.

"How many times have I told you.. I WANT YOUR COCK!" Mary said with a smile, knowing how dirty and filthy we have enjoyed our chats up until now. She simply undid the zipper on my pants, pulled out my cock... I situated myself as she pulled my heavy shaved balls out too... being careful to not let the zipper touch anything. I am no porn star.. probably a good 6.5", but quite thick.. shaved cock and balls, and I LOVE the feeling after a fresh shave... 

Mary wasted NO time.. she went slow but took every inch of me down her throat all at once... In my mind I had always envisioned this to feel amazing... but I sold it short.. Mary worshipped my cock... kissing, sucking it in and out, spit dripping down my balls, soaking my pants.. I didn't care, I couldn't think straight! I wanted to reciprocate so bad... wanted to touch her skin, every inch, but in this moment I froze, she paralyzed me with the most fantastic lip and tongue work ever. 

She moaned and made me vibrate, she licked and sucked my balls in and out of her mouth, over and over again... she got me close.. then quit... teasing me.. "What a fucking cock tease!" I told her.. she deep throated me as I said it and moaned on my cock. From our talks I knew she wanted to experience everything with me and I wanted to experience everything with her... We have very few limits, and were open to so many things. I knew she wanted to be treated like a cock slut, a little whore doing whatever I made her. I thought now was a good time to see if she meant it... 

I took my hand, grabbed a handful of her silky smooth dark hair, and PUSHED HARD down, forcing her full deep down on my cock... she struggled at first, then relaxed, moaning and gagging as I face fucked her from the driver's seat. "Mmmm yes Mary, be my cock whore, you have wanted it so long I know!" We talked dirty all the time, these words felt natural, she knew I loved her, she knew that she could share every bit of herself with me, and vice versa. That level of trust and desire is rare and so spectacular!.. She kept gagging as I fucked her throat... 

I felt my balls tighten... cock throbbed and thickened, closing off her throat. Mary was about to choke and tried to pull up, she evidently got a small gasp of air and didn't fight my probing cock right then. "OH FUCK!... HERE I CUM.. OMG MARY!!!! OH FUCK YOU FEEL SOOO GOOD ON MY COCK!!" I screamed as I came... so much cum... SO hard... So far down her throat, or so I thought... She pulled off... and crawled up my body... right to my lips.. kissing me. A cum-filled sloppy kiss.. Simply amazing.. so kinky.. we shared my cum back and forth...licking each other's mouth from the inside... I couldn't believe that my first of many orgasms had happened....

Finally I couldn't help myself.. "God I love you Mary... you are sex, perfected!" and kissed her again on the lips... 

"Think you can hold off til the hotel now baby?" Mary said... I simply sighed... nodded... and began to think about what I would do to her as soon as we were alone in the hotel...

The End... 

Next up... The Hotel 