 As I walked into the bar and looked around, I didn't see him. Glancing at my watch, I realized that I was a little early, so I walked over to the end of the bar and sat down, making sure I was in a good vantage point to see him when he arrived (but far enough away from the main crowd so we could have some privacy). Signaling the bartender, I ordered a SoCo Lime and looked toward the door. Sensing just how nervous I was, I started focusing on calming myself down. So I was very glad when my drink arrived, and as I started sipping it, I began to immediately feel it take the edge off my anxiety.

Sitting there, I started thinking about how I had met this man named Ted on the internet. For over a month, we had exchanged emails. Then a few days ago, we had talked on the phone, and when I heard his very deep, sexy voice, I became very intrigued. Small talk quickly drifted into a more erotic exchange, and before long, I found myself playing with my pussy as we talked. Not surprisingly, he said he noticed a change in my voice and asked if I was playing with myself. When I said yes, he told me he was stroking his cock, and that he couldn't wait to stick his hard, stiff cock inside my pussy.

Titillated by the thought of him stroking his cock, I told him that I wanted to suck on his cock, sticking it deep down inside her throat, and then stroke his cock while I looked into his eyes, seeing how much he was enjoying it. I asked him if he is vocal when a woman is giving him head, and he said yes, that he really gets into it when he's enjoying it. I told him that I knew he would enjoy getting head from me, that I have been told numerous times that I am very good at it. He replied by saying, "Well, I'll be the judge of that." Oh yes, I thought at the time, I definitely want to take on that challenge. 

I went on by saying that after that, I wanted him to fuck me, deep, long and hard. So of course, before long we were having full-blown phone sex during which I came three times, each one more intense than before. Without a doubt, that was the best phone sex I had ever had. We were both very vocal, and very uninhibited, and I was practically screaming by the time I reached my third orgasm. He asked if I was always multi-orgasmic, and I said yes, that when I'm really turned on, I can cum over and over again. He seemed very pleased to hear that. And now sitting at the bar, I was becoming very wet, hot and bothered just thinking about all that.

Suddenly, I felt a hand on my shoulder and I turned to see him standing there. A little embarrassed, I looked at him and said, "Oh my, how long have you been standing there?" with slight puzzlement in my voice.

Smiling, he replied, "Long enough to know that you were in very deep thought." Knowing that was true, I confessed that I had been thinking about him, wondering if the picture he had sent me was current and not taken 15 years ago like the last guy I met. Laughing, he asked if it was really that old, to which I replied yes, it was, and that it really amazes me how deceptive some people are on dating websites.

Then, as he sat down next to me, he said in a very low, sexy voice, "So am I doing okay so far?"

Practically melting at the sound of his voice, I replied, "Very good... oh yes, very good, Ted."

And with that, he whispered seductively in my ear, "Well, Diane, I was hoping you were thinking about that amazing phone sex we had a couple of nights ago," to which he added, "I've been thinking about it a lot... it was very hot."

Looking at him, our eyes met, and I just winked while taking another sip of my Cosmo. Realizing I was being coy, he winked back at me. And then he turned, waved to the bartender, and said he'd have a Long Island Iced Tea. As the bartender turned to make his drink, he put his hand on my leg and started rubbing it lightly. With each rub, each touch of his hand, I could feel myself becoming more turned on, and very wet.

Just then, the bartender brought his drink, and he started to sip it, all the while looking at me very sensually in the eyes.

"You are very pretty, even prettier in person than I expected," he said as he began rubbing my leg again, "And very sexy, too."

"Why, thank you, that's very nice of you to say," I replied, having a hard time hiding my arousal as his hand moved further up my leg.

"I wasn't trying to be nice, just honest," he said in a sincere tone.

At that point, I was finding it difficult not to simply start undressing. "Oh my," I said, "you rubbing my leg is really having an effect on me."

Looking at me very seductively, he said, "Oh good, I was hoping so."

I closed my eyes and drank in the erotic, sensual feelings I was experiencing, and then said, "You better watch out or I'll take my clothes off right here and now."

He laughed and then said, "Hmmm, I think we need to get you another drink, and then maybe you really will."

Turning to the bartender, he said, "Another round for the lady and me, please."

Laughing a little, I said, "Between the one drink and you rubbing my leg, I'm already yours if you want me."

"Oh yes," he replied sensually, "I want you, and I've wanted you for the moment we first exchanged messages," as his hand moved even higher.

Feeling way beyond aroused now, I thought to myself, "Well, Ted, I'm definitely yours for the taking."

As his hand continued to rub my leg, he said, "When I heard your voice on the phone, I knew I had to have you, especially after that hot phone sex," completing the thought he had begun as his hand reached my wet, hot pussy. Pushing my panties aside, he touched my pussy and started rubbing it, at first lightly and then a little harder. As his eyes grew larger, it was obvious he was getting very turned on by how wet I was since at that point, my wetness was practically dripping on the bar stool.

When our drinks arrived, I grabbed mine quickly to take a big swig, realizing I needed more liquid courage as he continued to rub my leg.

Between sips, I looked at him and said, "I told you I'm wet and wild."

"Well, that's an understatement," he said, continuing by saying, "Why don't we move to that booth in the corner?" as he pointed toward a very secluded table in a dark corner of the bar.

"That's a good idea," I replied, slipping off the bar stool, and then saying, "I'll meet you over there, baby."

"Okay, beautiful, I'll pay our tab and be right there, " he said in response.

As I walked toward the booth, I thought about how amazing this was, how sexy he was, and how turned on I was becoming. When I reached the booth, I slid across and sat by the wall, wanting to leave room for him to sit next to me. Yearning to feel his cock through his pants, I wanted him sitting next to me and not across from me. Luckily, the tables had white tablecloths on them so we could hide what I was planning, and obviously what he had in mind, too. Then, as I looked up, I saw him walking toward the booth, holding 2 more drinks. When he reached the booth, I said, "If I didn't know better, I'd say you're trying to get me drunk."

He laughed and then said, "Just don't want you to chicken out on what we started at the bar."

"Little chance of that," I replied as he sat down next to me. 

Before I could say another word, he started rubbing my leg again, his hand moving up and down my thigh, teasing me by coming ever so close to my pussy and then going back down my thigh. The chemistry between us was very obvious, but I longed to have him kiss me because that would be the true test. I mean, if a man isn't a good kisser, forget it. Period.

Then, as he was rubbing my thigh and teasing me with the near misses, he touched my pussy with his fingers and started rubbing it again, sending incredible shivers throughout my body. I moaned and then closed my eyes, lost in the moment. With my eyes still closed, I reached out, touched his leg, and enjoyed hearing him gasp lightly as I started rubbing his thigh. Opening my eyes, I looked at him, and as our eyes met, I ran my hand up his thigh and touched his cock through his pants, and then started rubbing it. It was very hard, which made me very happy. An affirmation of how turned on we both were. Me wet, him hard. Two very good things, and a great combination.

Continuing to rub his cock through his pants, I could also tell that it was very big, which also elated me since I had needed a big, hard cock in my pussy for quite a while now. And as he continued to play with my pussy, I came closer and closer to cumming right there in the bar. We were both obviously getting extremely turned on. Closing my eyes, I sat there, taking in every ounce of the sensuality I was feeling as he continued to rub my pussy. Then, with a thrust, he pushed two of his fingers into my waiting pussy.

As I gasped and moaned, he leaned over and asked, "So how does that feel, Diane? Do you like my fingers in your pussy?"

"Oh God, yes," I replied breathlessly, as I continued to moan, trying not to be too loud but having a very hard time not screaming out.

And then, as he pushed his two fingers in further, and then added a third, I could feel myself getting very closer to an orgasm. And then as I gasped and moaned, I looked at him in the eyes and whispered, "Oh God, I'm going to cum, Ted. Can you feel my pussy starting to cum?"

"Wow... yes, Diane, your vagina is contracting around my fingers, and it feels so good," he replied, sounding extremely turned on as I began to cum right there in the booth.

And then, with an incredibly sensual rush, I started cumming, and as I gasped, I whispered, "I'm cumming, Ted... oh God, I'm cumming right here," having a very hard time staying quiet as I gasped and moaned as quietly as I could. Feeling an incredible wave of amazingly sensual feelings crash over me, I closed my eyes as I began cumming... and cumming... and cumming...

Finally, I gathered my thoughts and said, "Why don't we go to my place now, where we can have more privacy," knowing I was going way out on a limb.

"Wow, really?" he replied in a surprised tone, "I'd love to go to your place." Getting up, he put out his hand to help me out of the booth. Then, without saying a word, he put his arm around me as we walked silently through the bar and to his car, which was parked in a remote corner of the parking lot.

When we got to his car, he stopped, took me in his arms, and starting kissing me. Deep, passionate kisses that made me melt and even more wet. As he continued to kiss me and the sparks continued to fly, he held me tightly. I could feel his stiff cock against me, which made me want him even more. All I could think about was how much I wanted him to fuck me.

Then he turned to open the car door for me, and I sat down inside. He closed the door and walked around to the driver's side. When he sat down, he reached over and started kissing me again, running his hand up and down my thigh, rubbing my dripping pussy, sticking his fingers deep inside me again.

"Oh Diane, I want you so much, he said, and then added, "I want to fuck you deep and hard," sounding very sensual but also somewhat anxious.

"Well, let's go to my place then, and you can fuck me just as long, deep and hard as you want," I replied, feeling so incredibly turned on that my tits felt like they were going to burst.

"OK, let's go now then," Ted said, "...just tell me the way."

"Just go out the driveway and go north to Fremont Street," I began. "And then turn right and keep going for a couple miles toward the mountains."

And with that, Ted started the car and began to follow my directions. When we reached Fremont, he turned right toward the mountains, but after we had gone about a mile or so, he suddenly pulled off the road into a secluded area.

Looking over at me, Ted said he couldn't wait any longer, that he needed another preview. He leaned over and began kissing me again, and then put his hand up my blouse, undid my bra, and started massaging my breasts, squeezing and pinching my nipples.

"Wow, your nipples are very hard and erect, baby," he said as he pinched them some more.

Then, as he pushed me down a little, he started licking my nipples, swirling his tongue around them, licking them, nibbling on them, and then drawing them into his mouth.

"Oh my God," I said, almost panting, reveling in how good it felt for him to suck on my tits... and then I said breathlessly, "That feels so good, baby, please don't stop."

"Gladly," Ted replied, as he began sucking and licking on my tits some more. Holding both of my tits in his hands, he alternated between them. The more he licked and sucked on my tits, the more turned on I became until I began gasping loudly and called out, "Oh Ted, you're going to make me cum again. I'm going to cum again."

"That's what I have in mind," he said, in an incredibly sexy voice, as he started rubbing my leg again and then starting pushing his fingers in and out of my pussy as he continued to suck on my nipples.

"Oh Ted, I'm going to cum," I called out, trying not to scream. And then, feeling amazingly erotic sensations wash over me, I gasped, "Oh God, I'm going to cum." And then, as I began to feel an incredible orgasm wash over me, I called out, "Oh yes, I'm cumming," getting louder and louder, no longer able to be quiet.

"Oh yes, Diane, that's it," he urged me on, "cum for me... cum for me again," as he continued to finger-fuck me, pushing his fingers in and out of my hot, wet, dripping pussy, more and more furiously.

"Oh my word, Ted, that's it," I shouted, "yes, that's it, I'm going to cum, I'm going to cum," this time even more loudly.

Then as I gasped even louder, feeling very strong erotic sensations flow over me as I shouted out, "I'm cumming, baby... I'm cumming, " practically gasping for air.

"Oh yes, Diane, cum for me... cum for me, just like that," he urged me on as I came right there, writhing in pleasure there in his arms... in his car... feeling like I was floating. Then as my orgasm started to subside, I felt the urge to touch his cock and wanted so much to give him head. Before I knew it, my hand was reaching out to unzip his pants, revealing his very hard, erect cock.

Looking at his cock, I said, "Wow, baby, your cock is amazing," playing with it, gazing at it without looking at him, almost mesmerized by the sight of his erection.

Still under his spell, I said, "Do you want me to suck cock here?," already knowing the answer but needing to hear it from his lips.

"Oh yes, Diane," he said, "please give me head. My cock needs to be in your mouth."

And with that, I leaned down and started licking the tip of his cock, tasting the pre-cum that had formed there. Continuing to lick the tip of his dick, I started stroking the shaft of his penis lightly, up and down, up and down, and then a little harder and more forceful. Then as I grabbed his balls, massaging them with my hand, I took the entire length of his cock in my mouth, sticking it as far down my throat as I could. Hearing him gasp and moan, I became even more turned on, feeling so incredibly horny and wanting him so much to fuck me. Sucking his cock as I pulled up with my mouth, I started stroking his cock again and looked at him in the eyes as I licked the tip of his cock again. His eyes were glossed over, and it was obvious he was very close to cumming, so I pushed down again with my mouth, taking his hard, stiff cock into my throat again as I sucked on it forcefully.

Moving my head up and down, up and down on his cock, then hearing him moan and groan, saying, "Oh Diane, I'm going to cum," made me even more turned on. And then when he jerked slightly and with a loud groan, he started cumming in my mouth. Feeling his warm cum shoot into my mouth, I kept sucking on his cock gently, enjoying hearing him moan as he continued shooting his cum into my mouth.

"Wow, Diane," he said with an amazed tone in his voice, "you're very good at that."

I looked at him, making sure he saw me as I swallowed his cum and then lick my lips.

Looking at me with wonderment in his eyes, he said, "Wow, you swallowed my cum."

"Yes, did you like that?" I replied, again knowing the answer.

"Well, yeah," Ted replied. "It's been a very long time since a woman swallowed my cum, and it was amazing."

Still looking at me, he then said, "You have such an amazing mouth, and lips, and tits, and nipples. And your pussy is incredible, so hot and wet."

Taking it all in, I smiled and said, "Thank you, Ted, I've enjoyed every minute of all this."

Then, taking my hand in his, he asked, "Can we still go to your place?" to which I immediately replied, "Oh yes, let's do that."

Turning to start his car, he backed up and then headed back toward the road. Then he turned and started driving up the street, toward my place again. After we had gone another mile or so, I gave him the last directions to my place, and before very long, we were there.

"Here we are," I announced, as he stopped the car, got out, walked around to my side of the car and opened my door for me.

"Ah, a true gentleman," I said with awe in my voice. "Thank you very much. Not many men open car doors for women these days, you know."

He laughed and then said, "Well, I like treating a lady like a lady," and then looking at me, he winked and added, "in and out of the bedroom."

Smiling coyly, I replied, "Well, you're doing very well with being a gentlemen," then pausing slightly, and continuing by saying, "but it seems there's enough bad boy in you to make things interesting," in a naughty tone.

"Ah, you like bad boys, do you?" he replied, obviously intrigued.

"No, actually, what I like is a gentleman with a little wild streak in him," I said, taunting him just a little.

"Well, why don't we go inside and I'll show you my wild side," he replied, "because I definitely have one, and I think you do, too."

Giggling slightly, I said, "Yes, I do, and if you do, that's great," becoming more and more intrigued.

Turning, we walked side-by-side to the front door of my apartment. As I unlocked the front door and we both walked in, he immediately took me in his arms and started kissing me again, even more passionately than before. His kisses were practically intoxicating, making me feel euphoric as our tongues started dancing together.

As we continued to kiss, I started feeling very intense feelings flowing over me, totally removing me from time and space as though we had been transported to our own universe. His hands, which had been around my back, pulling me toward him, began running up and down my back, stopping at my ass as he began rubbing and squeezing me. Then reaching down, he pulled my skirt up and started running his hands up and down my ass and legs. It felt so good, and I was getting so incredibly turned on that I could hardly stand it.

Guiding me over to the couch, where I sat down, he knelt in front of me, pulled my panties down and then as he removed them, he put his head between my legs and started licking my pussy wildly. As I gasped and moaned, he put his tongue in my pussy, swirling it around and then drawing it out as he flicked my clit with his tongue several times. Sticking his tongue back in my pussy, he started probing my cunt with his tongue over and over again as amazing sensations flowed over me, making me crazy with passion.

"Wow, Ted," I said breathlessly, "that feels so good. You're very good with your tongue."

He just looked at me in the eyes and kept probing my cunt with his tongue, flicking my clit and driving me to the brink of an orgasm. Then reaching up, he pulled off my blouse and grabbed my breasts with both hands, and running his tongue from my pussy up my abdomen to my chest, he started licking my tits, taking one nipple and then the other into his mouth and sucking on them. Holding one breast in his hand as he continued to suck on my nipples, he took his other hand and started playing with my pussy, rubbing my clit and sticking his fingers in and out of my cunt, which was so wet at this point that it was squishing with moisture as he finger-fucked me.
