 It had been months since Gene and I had begun talking on the net and though we were both a bit apprehensive about it we decided to meet. The restaurant was a nice, simple affair and there was no pressure on either side to take steps any further than just this...talking, laughing and relaxing with a newfound friend..

As we first sat down, I glanced at my watch, wondering how long I could handle being out and the center of attention as usually I was quite shy and almost always felt very inept at conversation. Looking across at Gene, I saw a man who was both good looking and who knew more about me than most of my "real" friends did. A part of me was feeling apprehensive and yet another part was excited with this meeting. I thought, he seems so easy to talk to on the net and the phone, is there going to be any difference now that we are face to face?

We spent hours talking and both found ourselves losing time as we focused on the enjoyment of each other's company. I was surprised to find the waiter back at our table and tactfully telling us that the restaurant would be closing shortly. We both glanced around and I was embarressed to see that we were the only ones left. Both Gene and I laughed about it as he and I were headed for the door. Neither of us had ever had something like that happen before!

In the parking lot, we seemed to just gravitate towards each other and he wrapped his arms around me and gave me a close hug. I tipped my head up as he bent his down and we shared a hesitant experimental kiss. Neither of us had planned for this to happen but I think deep down inside, we both were really hoping for it. 

As Gene started to suggest "Would you like to..." I was asking "What do you think about...." both of us stopped and laughed at each other. 

I said "You go first, hon." 

Gene asked, "Would you think me so bad to ask if you would like to go back to my room so we can talk some more?" 

I looked up at him and grinned as I said "Sure...On ONE condition" 

Gene kinda looked a bit surprised and said "What is that?" 

I said, "Only if I can have some more kisses." 

At this, Gene laughed and said, "You can have ANYTHING you want, Gayle!"

I followed him to his motel, my heart pounding in my chest and my hands feeling all sweaty and cold at the same time. I wondered if Gene felt the same way I did and was willing to take the next step and if he was nervous at all. Meanwhile, in his car, Gene was wondering if he had read my signals right or if I was just flirting around without really meaning anything by it. He was ALSO nervous. This was NOT something he had ever done before and it was exciting as well as scary.

When we reached the motel, Gene pulled his key card for his room out of his wallet and slid it to unlock the door. If I hadnt been watching closely, I would have missed the slight shake that was there. That put my mind at ease very quickly and I relaxed and took a deep breath in anticipation.

The room was very simple, with a queen size bed and a bath/shower as well as a TV. There was a table as well as 2 chairs but they didnt look too comfortable. We both opted to sit on the bed to talk. I found myself telling Gene things I had never shared with anyone, about my hopes and dreams, about my fantasies and about my lack of sexual experience as well. 

At that, Gene spoke up. He said, "Gayle, there is NOTHING to feel bad about with not having a lot of experience."

Then, he leaned towards me and kissed me again and I began kissing him back, passionately. Next thing I knew, we both exploring with our hands as our mouths continued kissing. 

I began to blush and turn away when I felt Gene's hands unbuttoning my shirt. I was so embarressed about having large breasts. They had been something I had always been teased about and I took special care to always dress and hide them as well as I could with bulky clothes. Gene stopped me from turning and at the question I saw in his eyes, I explained my problem, telling him that I felt embarressed enough about the way most of my body looked but that I was most embarressed about my breasts. He kissed me gently and then leaned down and dropped kisses on my neck, working his way lower and lower until he was directly over my nipple with his mouth. 

Then he looked up and said, "Gayle, you are BEAUTIFUL and sexy and if you weren't, we wouldn't be here."

I blushed and then gasped as he slid my nipple in his mouth and bit down gently on it. As he was sucking on my one nipple, he was playing with the other with his hand, flicking the nipple and rolling it between two fingers. I thrust my chest out in pleasure and just enjoyed all the feelings going on inside me. After he thouroghly erected the first nipple, he moved to the second and proceeded to do the very same thing to that one as well. I began moaning as I began to feel ripples going through my body from the pleasure.

This was NOTHING compared to the noise I made as he began dropping licking, nipping kisses down my stomach, and to my hot, damp pussy.He laid kisses on each thigh and then looked up at me and silently asked my approval. I was DYING to feel his lips against my clit and I nodded slightly to his upraised eyes and then lifted my hips to help him finish removing my lace panties and the pants I had on.

When he removed them, he looked down and then back up at me, smiling because he found me clean shaven and after running a finger lightly between my lips he also discovered I was wet as well. Then he dipped his head down, spread my thighs and used his tongue on my clit until I was out of control of my body and bucking up and down from the pleasure. 

I begged him to fuck me and he said "All in good time, Gayle." I didnt want to wait though and kept trying to draw him back up to me. He encircled my wrists with his hands and held them at my sides. He looked up and said, "I told you, Gayle, ALL IN GOOD TIME. You MUST be patient!"  

He dipped back down again and began to torment my clit more with his tongue. The pain was exquisite and the more I begged, the more he licked. 

He offered to help me find a new way of relief and when I told him I would do ANYTHING he said "I'm going to let go of your wrists but you have to trust me and NOT try to pull me back up. Can you do that?" I was more than willing and he let go. He dipped down yet again with his head and I moaned in frustrated pleasure. 

Then, I felt his fingers gently exploring my ass. I began to tighten up as I had NEVER experienced something like this before and he said two words that calmed me right down, "TRUST ME". Immediately I relaxed and as I did so I felt his finger slip into my pussy and slide up, towards my stomach. I felt a jolt rip through me and threw my head back in pleasure. He pumped his finger in and out, rubbing against my G-Spot as his tongue licked my clit into a frenzy. 

I screamed out in pleasure "I'm GONNA CUMMMMM" 

and as I started to teeter at the edge, Gene slid his finger up my ass as well. I came so hard that I passed out and woke a few minutes later to Gene holding me in his arms and stroking my face.

"Are you ok, Gayle?" he asked.

I nodded shakily and looked at his face, feeling tears slide down my cheeks. 

Gene reached out with his finger and traced one and asked, "Why the tears?" 

I said, "I wanted so badly to please YOU too and yet I never got the chance!" 

Gene chuckled and said, "Honey, this is JUST the beginning and there will be many MORE times to cum!!" 

He held me close and stroked my hair as he whispered to me to close my eyes and sleep. I fell asleep with his arms around me and his name on my lips.

When I woke up a couple hours later, it was to find Gene asleep, with an arm across my breasts and him snuggled up close, spooning me. I rather enjoyed this and thought for a few minutes before a wicked smile crossed my face. Carefully, without waking Gene, I gently moved his arm and turned in bed so I was facing him. I gently traced my fingers across his chest and gave a soft laugh before scooching down and softly tracing the head of his cock with my tongue. 

I looked up as he mumbled but then he grew quiet again. Emboldened by this, I gently pick it up and wrap my hand around it as I lean over and begin to slide my mouth over the head. I stopped as Gene moved a little but all he managed to do by moving is to make himself more accessable to my questing mouth and tongue!! I flick the top of his cockhead with my tongue as I slide the rest deeper and deeper in my mouth and then close my eyes and concentrate on providing as much enjoyment to his dreams as possible. I felt his cock growing quickly in my mouth and smiled, I begin to hum and allow the humming to vibrate Gene's cock. He groaned in pleasure and thrusted up reflexively with his hips. I move quicker though and pull up as well, not wanting to be gagged and since I am so inexperienced with blow jobs.

While my tongue is busy, my hands get busy as well. One slides up and down the base of Gene's shaft as the other explores his balls and caresses them. I gently graze his cockhead with my teeth as I slide my mouth back up, not enough to hurt, just enough to make the pleasure more intense. As I am sliding my mouth back down, I begin licking the tender underside and feeling the pulse there with my tongue. I slide my mouth back up and off his cock for a few moments and go down to pay some close attention to his balls, not wanting to neglect them either! 

When he is groaning in pleasure, I move again and slide my mouth down his shaft very fast. He lets out an explosive groan and reaches blindly for my head with his hands as he thrusts up at the same time. I reach up with my hands and take his in mine, telling him without words that I cant deepthroat at all. He seems satisfied with this and is content to go with the flow of things and pump up as I milk his cock with my mouth and hum against it at the same time. 

I hear him tell me that if I dont want to swallow his cum that I need to move NOW. I WANT to though. He brought such pleasure to ME the night before that I want to return the favor. He grips my hands tightly and groans that hes cumming and then I feel his cum filling my mouth to overfull. I feel almost like Im going to lose it but then I start drinking and I manage to catch every drop, feeling him fucking my face like he would pound into my pussy makes me even MORE excited and I suck in reflex and milk him dry. 

He pulls on my hands and draws me up to his side. He is tells me he is amazed that I would do something like this and tells me so, but also admits that he would love to be woken up like that much more often! I just smile and tell him that I hope he enjoyed as I drop a kiss on his lips.