 Matt got home just in time to shower and dress before Brianna came over. They were supposed to work on a school project together. He couldn't stop thinking about Carol: he couldn't believe he had been able to fuck her so easily. Matt had been faithful to Bri, but he also had an overcharged sex drive and whenever he had the chance to get laid, he couldn't resist. He thought again about Carol and her great tits and tight pussy. His dick started to get hard just thinking about her and he heard the doorbell chime.

"Down boy.' He thought as he went down the stairs and opened the door to let Bri in. 

"Damn she looks good," he thought. She's drop dead gorgeous at 5'7", about 120 pounds a toned muscular body with large full breasts and long legs. She walked in the door into the hallway and dropped her backpack and wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him on the lips grinding her breasts and groin into him. 

She slipped her tongue into his mouth and whispered, "I missed you baby, it's been a long couple of days!"

"I missed you too." he said back to her. "Let's go up to my room".

Bri picked up her backpack and started up the stairs. She knew exactly where Matt's room was, and she couldn't wait to get naked with him and have him between her legs. As soon as she got inside his room, she started undoing the buttons on her blouse and shrugged it off showing him her tits. He walked up close and could feel her nipples on his chest through his shirt. He undid the button of her jean shorts and pushed them down her legs. He bent down and took them off her feet and was eye level with the red thong covering her pussy. He leaned in to smell her and ran his tongue over the thong making her pussy moist. His fingers pulled the edge of her thong aside and his tongue contacted her pussy lips, he licked up and down several times. Bri's hands rested on his shoulders for balance and she closed her eyes and started breathing heavier. She involuntarily spread her legs wider and pushed herself toward his tongue. Matt wet his middle finger and slipped it into her vaginal opening while concentrating his tongue on her clitoris. His finger started moving in and out of her as she held the back of his head tight to her pussy. She sharply inhaled as her orgasm started to build and let the feelings wash over her while her fluid started to leak from her pussy. 

"Oh Matt, that feels so good!" she exclaimed "Lets get into bed, I want you inside me, now!"

He rose to his feet kissing her breasts and sucking on each nipple. He could smell the soap on her skin as he kissed and licked up to her face. She leaned into him and slipped her tongue into his mouth while using her hands to push his athletic shorts down passed his hips with her hand, she gripped his cock and started to move it back and forth feeling him become harder. Matt reached down and pushed his shorts down to his feet and stepped out of them and pulled his tee shirt over his head. Now both were completely naked, and they shuffled the 3 steps over to his bed. Bri sat down on it and slid over to the middle lying on her back. Matt climbed in between her legs and slid down the bed until he was able to resume tonguing and fingering her pussy. He knew she really liked to have her pussy licked and he resisted the urge to immediately push his cock inside her even though he wanted to do nothing else. He knew the longer he spent on this the hotter she would be. His had other ideas for Bri as well. One of his continuing sexual fantasies was to have a threesome with Bri and another woman. He had brought the idea up with her and he was surprised when she seemed to at least consider the idea. Her main question appeared to center around who the other woman would be. Matt didn't really have a good answer, but now that he had met and bedded Carol, he thought she might be a possibility. 

"She, meaning Carol wasn't someone they went to school with or generally hung out with and God knows she has a hot body." He thought to himself. He resumed tonguing her pussy until she climaxed again. He placed his hands under each of her ass cheeks and lifted them slightly, so he could slip his tongue to her asshole. He heard her moan as his tongue entered her ass and he licked all around the sensitive skin. They had experimented with anal sex a couple of times and while it is something that takes some getting used to, they both had enjoyed it. 

Bri was thoroughly enjoying Matt's talented tongue and fingers. She absolutely did love receiving oral sex and Matt was becoming much better at giving it. When they first started having sex, he was not the most patient of lovers. As most guys and the 3 she had slept with before Matt, he was most interested in getting his pecker into her twat or having her suck him off. Bri had been able to slow him down and subtly coach him on the pussy licking technique she enjoyed. She had been a little shocked when he brought up the threesome idea. 

Her only experience sexually with another woman had been last summer after she and Matt had started dating. Bri had been a counselor at a volleyball summer camp and had become friendly with one of the other counselors. Her name was Jennifer, but she went by Jen and at the time they went to the same high school, so they knew each other but hadn't really hung out that much together. Jen had a real crush on Bri and while not completely lesbian she definitely like to have sex with girls and guys. Jen made a point of always being around when Bri was stepping out of the shower and would be next to her at the sink while they were drying off and getting dressed. Most of the time Jen would be naked or only wearing the briefest of panties. Bri was a little uncomfortable at first but got used to seeing the other girl and started noticing the differences in their bodies. While Bri was tall with large breasts, Jen was shorter with smaller breasts, but aureoles the size of quarters and very dark. Her nipples were larger than Bri's and almost always aroused looking. Her waist was a little larger than ideal and she had a nice-looking ass. Her pussy area was completely shaved which was the first time Bri had ever seen another woman's genital area in such detail. She couldn't keep her eyes from looking at Jen's shaved pussy lips. 

Jen noticed Bri scoping her out in the mirror and made no attempt to cover herself. If anything, she pushed her boobs out a little farther. She wanted to see how far this tall, big breasted hottie would go with her if the opportunity presented.

Later that night, Jen snuck down the hallway to Bri's room where they were staying and knocked softly on the door.

"Yes, who is it?" Bri asked through the door.

"It's me Jen and I need to talk to you about something."

Brio opened the door and let her inside the room. Jen walked in and stood next to the bed.

"I have to leave tomorrow, Bri. My mom called and told me my grandmother was sick and may not make it, so we need to go the Chicago where they live, and I didn't want to leave without telling you how much I like hanging out with you and maybe we can get together when I come home?"

Bri replied, "Sure Jen, I like hanging out with you too and I hope everything is ok with your grandmother."

Bri approached her and wrapped her arms around her loosely to give her a comforting hug and was surprised when Jen wrapped her arms around her as well but held her tighter and gently kissed her lips. 

"You know," Jen said, "I want there to be more between us than just casual friends." 

"Jen, I you know I am dating Matt and I'm not into girls."

"I know about you and Matt, but we can do things together that I know you will like and besides I like guys too."

"What are you talking about?" Bri asked her.

"It's better if I show you."

Jen slipped off her nightgown and opened the robe Bri was wearing and guided her onto the bed. Bri laid down on her back and Jen laid on top of her and gently started kissing her breasts, sucking first one then the other nipple into her mouth, making them hard. She then started working her way down Bri's body and positioned herself between her thighs and first gently breathed into her pussy and then used her tongue to lick the length of it.

Bri arched her back with pleasure when Jen's tongue made contact with her pussy opening and then with her clit. 

"Oh my God!" She thought that really felt good. She also realized how much smaller Jen's head was than when Matt was down there, and she also realized how soft Jen's face was against her upper thighs. Matt was clean shaven, but like most men she thought they always had some stubble on their cheeks. Jen's cheeks were so soft and warm and felt so good against her sensitive thighs. 

Jen wet her middle finger of her hand and started to push gently into Bri's pussy opening. Bri was wet enough so the finger slid in easily and Bri was surprised at how long and thin her finger felt inside of her. Jen added another finger and used her thumb to rotate on and around Bri's clit. She moved her fingers and thumb around for a few minutes alternating with her tongue to suck gently on Bri's clit. Jen knew she was working on the most sensitive of Bri's body and used her other hand to reach down to stroke her own twat.

Bri applied one of her hands the back of Jen's head and pushed it further into her wet pussy already feeling her climax building.

"Oh, Jen, that feels so good. Don't stop baby, you are hitting all of the right places." Jen heard Bri's words and worked her fingers faster and deeper into Bri's pussy, determined to make her reach a mind-bending orgasm. 

Seconds later Bri took a deep breath and moaned loudly, her body shaking with pleasure. She continued to grind her pussy into Jen's face and hands as her climax subsided, but the pleasure continued. 

Jen had been watching Bri's face as she experienced her orgasm and felt satisfaction in being able to bring her off. She rose from between Bri's legs and came up between her legs and kissed her on the lips, slipping her tongue deeply into Bri's mouth. For the first time Bri tasted her own juices on another woman's tongue. 

Just as Bri was considering if she should return the favor, Jen's phone went off. Jen looked at it and said," That's my mom, they are outside waiting for me. I have to go sweetheart."

Jen stood up from the bed and put her gown back on and left quietly. Unfortunately, that was the last time they were together. Before Jen could come back to the city where they both lived, her father was transferred, and they went directly to their new city. Bri went back to her city after the camp and resumed her life, but she thought about Jen and when she did, she remembered their brief encounter fondly and when Matt brought up the idea of a threesome with another woman, she wasn't completely opposed to the idea.

Since she wasn't aware of Matt's sexual interaction with Carol, she wasn't thinking this was something that would happen anytime soon.

"Baby, she said to him "Come up here so I can feel you inside of me, I need it now!". He looked up into her eyes from between her legs, smiled, gave her one last lick with his tongue and sat back on his lower legs, his hardon coming up to rub against her pussy lips. With one hand he slid the tip inside her and moved back and forth. 

"I want you up on your hands and knees and let me come into you from behind", he said helping her to roll over and come up to her knees. She enthusiastically moved into position and reached her hand down between her legs. Matt placed her hand on her pussy and she started to rub herself while he moved in close and placed his dick between her pussy lips and pushed inside her with one motion. She grunted into the pillow a bit surprised at his force, but the feelings of pleasure quickly overtook her, and she started moving back and forth on him. He held on to her hips and slid his cock in time to her movements. He applied some spit to his thumb and eased it into her asshole. She used her hand to alternatively rub her clit and massage his balls. He could feel his climax starting to build

He said, "Oh baby, I'm getting close, I want you to come with me."

Bri raised her head saying, "Go ahead come inside of me I want to feel you coming."

Matt pushed as deep into her as he could and released his jism deep into her pussy. He was amazed at how tight she felt. He finished pushing into her and collapsed on her back. He could feel himself deflating and their combined juices flowing out of her pussy. Finally, he fell over to his side with his arm on her back. She turned her head to kiss him saying "Oh my God, that was great, Matt, I didn't think I was going to stop coming."

"You are great yourself". He said. 

Bri closed her eyes and started to fall asleep, completely contented. Matt watched her sleeping and lightly traced his finger down her back to her butt. He let his finger slip down her ass crack and tickled her just enough to invoke a slight response. He didn't want to wake her, so he stopped and hopped up to go to the bathroom. He checked his phone on the way back to the bed and noticed a text from Carol. He opened the message. It read "I'm glad you came over today. When do you think you can come back?"

He texted back "How about Friday?"

"Sounds good. How about 6:00 PM?" Came the reply

"See you then" he typed.

Matt placed the phone back on his desk and slipped into the bed next to Bri. She opened her eyes and smiled at him. 

"Sorry I feel asleep honey. What time is it?" She said.

"Its about 9. Do you have to go?" He responded.

"Not right now." She said, "Besides I think I owe you something." 

He smiled as she reached down to stroke his cock and lowered her head to take him in her mouth. 

"Oh God, Bri, that feels great." He said.

Bri had to admit she really liked giving head to Matt. She liked the way he got hard in her mouth and the taste of his jism. She used her tongue while jacking his cock with her hand and sucking on him at the same time. It was an amazing combination and Matt responded quickly.

Matt reached down and stopped her before he finished in her mouth. 

"Hold on for a minute, honey, I want you to come over on top of me and let me lick your pussy while I'm in your mouth" he said to her. 

"Oh, you want a little 69 action eh? Well how can a girl say no to that", and she lifted her leg over his head and leaned back on her knees. His tongue contacted her pussy lips and he slid his tongue inside of her. She went back to sucking him off. For the next few minutes, they worked on each other, each trying to please the other while at the same time feeling exquisite sensations themselves. Finally, Bri pushed her twat on Matt's face and climaxed loudly. It was just enough to push him over the edge a he started squirting his come into her mouth. 

"Oh, OH, OH," Bri loudly exclaimed "I can't believe you are making me cum again."

Matt rested his head back on the pillow and smiled to himself enjoying the remnants of his climax and watched as Bri rolled off him and laid down next to him his arm around her shoulders. 

He looked at her and said, "I want to talk to you about something."

"What is it?" she asked.

"Do you remember Carol Baker from the athletic orientation last week?" he asked her.

"I don't think so. Who is she?" she responded.

"She came into the gym with her son. I think his name is Billy or something, she was the woman with the white blouse, jeans, blonde hair, nice body, you remember her she was really friendly."

Bri thought about that evening and the image of the woman appeared in her mind. "Oh yeah, I remember her. Big boobs, tight butt, not quite as tall as me, but yes a beautiful woman."

In fact, Bri sort of remembered as she was leaning forward to hand her name tag to Carol, she had the feeling Carol had looked down her blouse and got a nice shot of Bri's breasts and since she rarely wore a bra, Carol most likely saw everything. It gave her a bit of a thrill at the time and did again now. 

"What about her?" She asked looking at him. He gave her a sneaking looking smile and she knew the answer before he said anything.

"You slept with her, didn't you?" she asked. "I can't believe it, godammit."

"Yeah I did. I went over to do some work around the house and one thing led to another."

"Are you going to break up with me?" Bri asked him.

"Hell, no I love you, Bri." He answered. "I have another idea. Remember when we talked about a threesome with another woman?" 

Brianna didn't answer him, but silently lay against his chest considering what he had said. Finally, she asked, "You want to have sex with me and her and you at the same time?"

"Yeah, that's what I want." He responded.

"Have you talked to her about this?" She asked him.

"No, I haven't, I wanted to talk with you first." He said. "I think it would be a perfect thing, she doesn't go to the school, she's older, and she's hot."

"I don't know, Matt," she responded back to him. "Christ," she thought, "I can't believe he really wants to go through with this idea." 

She thought back to some of the porn movie she and Matt had watched. He had introduced her to the online porn sites using amateurs or at least they said they were amateurs and they watched several of the lesbian and threesome videos. She had to admit they had been a sexual turn on for both and the sex they had afterward was amazing.

"Have you talked to her, eh Carol about this idea?" She asked him.

"No, I wanted to see what you thought about it before I said anything to her."

"So, then you are going to see her again?" Bri asked him.

"I am supposed to see her again on Friday and I want you to come with me. You can meet her, and we can hang out see where this goes." He said back to her.