 Audra and Mark lay entwined on the floor. Audra still wore the blindfold Mark had put on her when she entered the hotel room, along with sheer, black thigh-highs and black high heels – and nothing else. Mark was still fully dressed, having concentrated first on pleasuring the beautiful woman now in his arms. He could hardly believe she had climaxed so quickly and so intensely. It must have been the combination of their earlier foreplay, the new situation, and the blindfold, which encouraged her to feel rather than see. He stroked her blonde hair gently as her breathing gradually returned to normal.

His eyes idly traveled down her nude form. The subdued lighting played gently across her golden skin, the curve of her hip. His hand followed his gaze, possessively caressing her and holding her closer against his body. Her skin felt sweetly pliant under his fingers. Her breasts were full and soft, with wide, dark pink areolae that made his mouth water. 

Now that her heart was no longer pounding, Audra's thoughts returned to the man at her side. No one had ever pleasured her so thoroughly; in fact, now that she thought of it, she blushed at the memory of how her fluids had gushed forth. She'd been too far gone to be self-conscious at the time, but now she worried that he would be put off. However, she had no intention of bringing it up: if it had bothered him, the best way to deal with it was to distract him. 

Gently shifting her leg, she lightly pressed her thigh into Mark's groin. His arousal was easy to feel, even through his slacks. A warm sensation spread over her, partly from desire but also from the knowledge that he was patiently and lovingly delaying his own gratification for her. At her touch, Mark drew an audible breath and tightened his arms around her.

Caressing his chest lightly through his shirt, Audra whispered, "I feel something I like." 

He chuckled softly. "You're welcome to take it off, then."

"Silly," she said. In a more sultry tone, she said, "You know I wasn't talking about your shirt." Sliding her hand down across his abdomen and below his belt, she very lightly grazed her fingertips over his hardness. Mark's hand stilled on her hair, and he seemed to be holding his breath.

She slowly lowered her hand, lightly touching either side of his cock with her fingers and thumb, tracing his length down as far as his trousers would allow, then back up toward the head, which now threatened to escape his waistband.

"Oh, I see," he said, a bit breathlessly. "You're welcome to take those off, too."

Audra giggled, then slipped out of his arms and stood unsteadily. Holding out her hand blindly, she said, "Come on, we've been on the floor long enough."

Expecting him to take her hand, she squealed in surprise when instead he scooped her up in his arms. When she rested her head against his shoulder, she could feel a growl of desire rumble through his chest. She could only imagine the picture they must make: a professionally-dressed man carrying a mostly-naked, blindfolded woman, her long, golden hair swinging in time with his strides.

Reaching the bed, he set her feet on the ground, letting her body slide against his in the process. For a moment, they simply stood, arms wrapped in a tight embrace, suspended in a hushed, hypnotic awareness of each other, hearts almost beating as one, her cheek against his chest, his against her hair.

Audra felt Mark's arms leave her back and rise to cup her face. His mouth descended on hers in urgent passion, tongue insistently and repeatedly stroking hers. His back felt taut under her hands as if it took all he had to control himself. His passion excited her, made her feel helpless as a minnow swept along a raging river.

Audra reached up with trembling hands and began to unbutton his shirt. Too impatient for this, Mark broke the kiss and picked her up again, this time depositing her on the bed. Audra finally pulled the blindfold off, desperately wanting to watch him, to see his body and the expression on his face. He dragged his shirt off over his head, threw it on the floor, then undid the button and zipper on his pants. In one fluid motion, he pulled his trousers, underwear, everything off. 

She drank in the sight of him in that instant. He had the pale skin of someone who works long hours indoors but was lean and well-built. Her hungry eyes focused on his erection, which she had seen many times on his webcam. It seemed larger in real life, deliciously real and thick and here, in front of her and soon to be inside her. She reached out and wrapped her hand around it.

Mark moaned deep in his chest. Her hand felt so small, so soft and warm around his cock. He had fantasized about this moment for so long that it seemed almost unreal that it was actually happening. For a moment he wondered whether he might have just fallen too deeply into a fantasy and merely believed she was here, touching him. But no, that sweet, insistent hand moved so differently from his own, wonderfully strange and new . . . he could feel each individual finger on the underside of his cock, her little thumb caressing the front and occasionally brushing the tip.

As wonderful as it felt, however, he gently removed her hand. It was one thing to make her come first by herself, but he wanted his first orgasm with her to be something they shared, to be inside of her and feel her body shuddering in time with his.

Climbing onto the bed, Mark stretched his body next to hers. Her eyes, a deep forest green in this light, locked on his. Even though he felt as if he would burst if he held back a moment longer, he searched her eyes for any hint of doubt or reservation.


"Are you sure you're ready to do this?" he asked. Audra could hear the ragged note of need in his voice.

She reached up to bury her hands in his hair, to caress his cheeks and the back of his neck. Softly, almost shyly, she replied, "I've been ready for you for a long time. I am a little scared, but . . ." She trailed off.

"Why scared?" he asked gently.

"I don't know. I guess scared that this will change everything for us . . . scared of what will or won't happen afterward . . ."

Mark lowered his head and kissed her, this time slowly, meditatively. He trailed small kisses across her cheeks and nose and forehead, almost as a parent kisses a child. But his stomach twisted uneasily. He could feel the answers he wanted to give her, or at least he thought he could. He wished he could open his mouth and spill out all the secret things he had been yearning for, the tender protectiveness he felt toward her, the promises he half-recklessly wanted to make. 

But he had never been that good at expressing himself verbally. Instant messaging was something else . . . he could sit and think and type and think and retype again, only sending a message forth when he was sure it said what he meant. The spoken word, however, was uncomfortably immediate and irrevocable.

He focused his eyes intently on hers, wishing he could open a window into her mind and simply deposit, in one neat little package, all the jumbled-up things he felt for her, and about himself. Instead, he said hesitantly, "I don't know what's going to happen either." 

Damn, he thought. He knew she was probably worried that he would use her, then walk away and never look back, but he didn't know how to reassure her without making rash vows. He tried again, "You know we can't make any promises to each other right now, but I want to see . . ." He desperately cast about for the right words, then continued more softly, "We both want something real. I want to see if that can happen with us."

It was enough. The little tense corners of her eyes softened. He lowered his head, and again they melted into something less a kiss and more a shift into someplace where the lines between them blurred and swirled, and time seemed to drift like smoke in still air.

As they kissed, Mark rolled his body halfway onto Audra's, parting her thighs gently with his knee. He had controlled and held back his desire for so long that it seemed to have lodged itself in a hard, aching lump at the bottom of his stomach. He couldn't deny it any longer. His hand shaking slightly, he guided himself to her already-wet opening.

Feeling the smooth head slip between her moist nether lips, Audra inhaled sharply. Her eyes squeezed shut almost instinctively so she could concentrate on how he felt. Mark leaned forward till he was nestled just barely inside her, then rested his elbows on the bed on either side of her. He caressed her face. "Look at me," he whispered.

Audra opened her eyes. They lay like that for several moments, caressing each other's faces and arms, savoring each point of contact between them. 

Slowly, Mark pressed forward, just a bit, a tiny little bit . . . smooth hardness nudging wet, soft folds aside, slipping, squeezing . . .

Audra's eyes drifted shut again, her lower lip caught between her teeth. He kissed her, relishing her soft breasts against his chest, the wetness gradually enveloping him, the increasing tension in her muscles. Audra returned the kiss fervently, raising her hips to meet his, invite him deeper. Her hands trembled down his back and to his buttocks, urgently drawing him nearer.

She was so tight. Mark clenched his jaw, then smoothly, firmly, slid the rest of the way into her. Audra's eyes flew open and she gasped, her whole body arching around his at the exquisite pressure. He slid a slightly shaky hand down her side and under her thigh. In response, she wrapped both legs around him. He pulled halfway out, then plunged forward, able to penetrate more deeply now. The light, tingling friction seemed to spread outward from his cock down the front of his thighs.

Audra's breaths came in little gasping pants. Half-coherent words slipped from her mouth. It was as if she could barely move her lips, barely move anything at all that wasn't directly involved in Mark penetrating her core as deeply as possible. It had been so long, years, since she had last felt a man inside of her, filling her not up, but down, a warm, hard, living thing to plumb her depths.

Making love to this woman was more incredible than he had imagined. He was trying to hold back a bit, to maintain a slow, steady pace -- in, out . . . in, out . . . in, out . . . -- but his body had other ideas. She was already beginning to tremble again, and this time he could feel that trembling with his entire body: arms, chest, belly, legs . . . hips, where her legs were wrapped around him . . . and of course, her hot tunnel quaking around his plunging dick. 

"I don't know how long I'm going to make it this time, baby," he gasped a little ruefully. Still panting, Audra managed a small laugh. Mark groaned at the extra pulsing pressure around his rock-hard member as she laughed.

"You . . . don't have to . . . baby," she said breathlessly. "I'm . . . so" gasp "closssssse . . . just fuck me . . . God, fuck me, please . . ." 

"Oh, God Audra . . ." he gasped. He plunged more quickly a few more times, then pulled out suddenly. She moaned in frustrated protest, but he grabbed her roughly by one arm and flipped her over on her stomach.

"Get on your knees," he growled. Audra pushed up on shaky hands and knees, then leaned up to rest her arms on top of the headboard. She looked over her shoulder to watch him.

Mark grabbed her hair like a handle and pulled her head back slightly. With his other hand, and without any preliminaries, he drove three fingers into her dripping cunt. 

"Ahh! Ohh, God!" she cried. He fucked her hard with his fingers a few times, then swirled his index finger all around inside her hole to gather up as much of her wetness as possible. Drawing it out, he pressed his slippery finger against her tiny, puckered asshole.

Pulling back on her hair a little more, he said, "Relax . . . let me in, baby." Audra whimpered a little, then sighed and forced herself to loosen muscles that were taut from need.

"Good girl," he whispered, then pressed harder against her rectum. With a little squishing sound, his finger popped in to the first knuckle. She gasped and shuddered, fighting to keep from tightening her muscles around his finger and rendering it immobile.

"You like my finger in your ass, don't you?" he asked in a low hiss.

"Ye-esss," she moaned softly, pressing her bottom back toward him.

"Tell me what you want me to do. I want you to beg me for what you want."

"Please . . ." her voice was almost inaudible, "please fuck my ass with your finger. And I need your cock in my pussy again."

"Hmmm . . . I don't know if that quite qualifies as 'begging.' Make me believe you want it."

"Fuck my ass, please!" she cried more loudly, and this time she pressed her bottom back against his finger as far as she could. At the same time, Mark thrust his finger forward so that it slid all the way in. He also slipped his thumb into her cunt so that he could rub the barrier between her rectum and her pussy. He began sliding both finger and thumb in and out, faster and harder on the way in, squeezing her barrier on the way out. 

Audra was pressing her hips up as high as they would go. Her ass and pussy were beautifully wide-open to him, pink folds all shiny and swollen with her desire.

Gasp! "Fuck me, please . . . oh God . . . please . . . fuck my pussy . . ."

Sliding his finger all the way back into her ass, Mark aligned the head of his cock with her watering little mouth and slammed it forward, smashing hard against her core.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!" Audra's fingers gripped the headboard till they were white and bloodless.

"Ohhh, fuck!" Mark groaned. 

Slam! . . . . . . Slam! . . . . . . Slam! With every forward plunge, the headboard banged against the wall.

Audra seemed only to be able to breathe in. Her lungs screamed for release, but her body only knew the need to draw inward -- his cock, his finger . . . the size difference both confused and drove her body closer to the edge – the thick cock filling and stretching her pussy, the much smaller finger stretching her tiny hole, which tried to clench rhythmically around the invading digit . . .

Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump thump thump thump thump thumpthumpthumpthumpthump . . . Unable to get as deep or as fast as he wanted, Mark withdrew his finger from her tight asshole and instead dug his fingernails almost cruelly into Audra's soft hips, roughly jerking her back and forth, pulling that tight, wet glove onto his cock, buttocks pressing tautly forward, holding himself perfectly still so he could fuck her pussy back and forth on himself. Her pussy made wet smacking sounds with every move, especially as he slammed her backward against his hipbones. Her swollen lips tickled and caressed his balls with every backward stroke.

At first she tried to help, to match his rhythm, but she finally gave up and let him control her. Her breasts swung back and forth with each stroke, nipples hardened like little pebbles. Giving up that control let him pull her onto him more completely, more deeply. He was like a piston, thrusting ever faster. Her inner lining grew at once less sensitive and more, almost numb in a sense but with a glowing, burning fire spreading from her core outward to her fingers and toes.

She drew a long, loud, gasping breath. "Oh GOD . . . I'm going to come!"

Mark urged her on. "Yesssss . . . I love fucking this hot little pussy . . . come for me, baby . . . let me feel your little pussy fucking squeeze my cock . . . I want to feel your body shake, baby . . . come on . . . you're so beautiful when you come . . ."

Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump!

"Ohh-hhh-hhh-hhh-hhh, Gooo-ooo-ooo-ddd, YESSS-SSS-SSS-SSS!" she cried, her voice undulating in time with his pounding thrusts. Her muscles tightened involuntarily under his hands, disrupting his rhythm. Gripping the headboard next to her hand, Mark instead began plunging himself forward again, buttocks driving his pulsing cock into Audra's now-violently shaking cunt.

His cock seemed to swell, once, twice, THREE, FOUR, FIVE . . . "YESSSSSS!!!" he hissed. "Oh . . . oh . . . ohhhhhh . . . uggggggghhhhhhhhhh . . ." The sounds tore from his throat, all control gone, unable to even consider whether he might be thrusting too hard for her, only sensible of the "ohhhhhhhhhhhhh" yes! go! fuck! oh GOD there it goes . . .

With several last, erratic plunges, cum burst from his cock, spurting hard, deep, and hot in her quaking flesh.

Oh, God . . . . . . . . . *gasp* . . . . . .

His body slumped over till his chest rested against her back. One hand still gripped the headboard as if the fingers were now permanently attached, and the other wrapped unconsciously around her tummy in an exhausted embrace. They both knelt there for a few minutes, gasping and feeling the aftershocks sparking back and forth between them.

"I need to lie down," she whispered. 

Mark chuckled quietly. "I want to stay inside you . . . here, move with me . . ."

Slowly, a little awkwardly, they shifted so they both lay on their sides, spooning, his softening cock still nestled deep inside her pussy. Once they were comfortable, Audra nestled back against his chest. Mark wrapped one arm around her, hand possessively cupping a soft breast. Exhausted, they drifted off to sleep, replete and utterly content with each other's comforting presence.