 "You little nymph!" 

Jake pushed her back down onto the bed and held her hands down and laid his body against hers. She gasped as his lips met hers in a frenzied manner, his tongue pushing her lips back and plunging into her mouth. His kiss alone stirred her again and she felt her juices slowly escape her inner most recesses. His lips moved hers and found her neck, he kissed and nibbled down her neck and as he reached her shoulder her groan made him slow his movement and suck on her neck harder. Her body writhed beneath him and her stifled moans increased, he could tell he'd found a spot on her neck that made her ache for more of him. 

Jake continued his path down her neck, stopping only briefly to look into her eyes and see her desire. His tongue slipped down her chest to her bare nipple, drawing one into his mouth, then moving on to the other. Her back arched with aching for him, her moans increased. Finally Jake let loose of one of her hands and she instantly grabbed his neck as if to pull his lips back to hers. 

In a swift motion Jake caught hold of both of her wrists with one hand and held her hands away as he continued to torment her with his nimble tongue. His fingers found her soft wet pussy and gently slid inside her once again, she was so wet and wanting, he groaned as how good it felt inside her. Jake released his hold on her hands and looked up at her, pausing his assault on her wet pussy, looking into her eyes, as if to be sure she was ready to continue. Jessie was biting her bottom lip and the look in her eyes told him she wanted him to take her again.

Jessie was biting her bottom lip as she watched Jake continue to slide his fingers inside her, her body was consumed by desire for him and she wanted to experience everything their intimacy had to offer. She reached down and grabbed his wrist and pushed his fingers out of her pussy, then moved his fingers to the entrance of her anus. Jake looked up at her with a questioning look and without having to say a word to her, she nodded. With that, he pushed his finger into her ass and felt her body shudder. 

"Turn around" she demanded "I want your cock in my mouth again." 

Jake refused but continued to work his fingers into her ass, first the one, then another, feeling her hips grinding them deeper inside of her. Jake paused only for a moment before pushing a 3rd finger into her hole, it only served to have her body rock harder against him. Before he could pause to work in a 4th finger, she was pulling away from him and shoving him onto his back.

"You want?" she asked as she climbed on top of him. 

"Oh hell yes, I want in your ass so bad." 

With those words, a coy grin came across Jessie's face as she bit her lower lip. She reached down between their bodies and slowly slid his throbbing cock deep inside her ass and started to rock back and forth, working his cock deeper into her. Jake watched her eyes nearly close and her teeth bite harder into her already red and swollen lip, her moans told him how much she enjoyed him sliding into her. Jake reached up and grabbed her tits as she started riding him, pinching and teasing her nipples. 

He stopped assaulting her nipples and reached around pulling her shoulders down so his mouth could reach hers. By now she'd worked his cock deep inside her hole and was moaning in obvious pleasure. 

"Damn, fuck, Jessie....your ass feels so good, fuck....I want to take you from behind, please baby." Jake groaned.

Jessie just grinned and kept grinding herself on his cock, her tits bouncing while she jammed herself harder and harder down onto his cock, finally Jake couldn't take it anymore. He wanted control, with one swift move, he flipped her over onto his back and sat between her knees, cock still deep inside her ass. Jessie reached down and began working her clit as he pumped his cock in and out of her ass. 

He began pumping and pounding her harder, occasionally reaching down placing his hand over hers while she rubbed her clit. 

"Jake, I want you to cum in my ass, fuck me hard and cum in my ass." Her tone almost whining, begging for him to cum in her, it only made him push harder. 

Jake wanted to make her have a screaming orgasm before he allowed himself to cum, he reached down between their bodies and made quick work of sliding 3 fingers inside her pussy while he continued to pound her ass. 

Her moans almost became screams and for a brief moment he paused worried he was hurting her, until her hands reached around and grasped his ass, pulling him into her. He could feel the muscles in her pussy begin to tighten around his fingers as he kept pounding her pussy with his fingers and his cock deep in her ass, he could feel himself ready to blow, but held back, working her pussy harder so they could both cum together. 

"Baby, I'm going to cum, cum with me, cum on baby, fuck....ohhhhh yeah....." she screamed as she started to cum. 

With those words, he also started to cum, feeling her juices flowing all over his fingers, squirting onto his stomach made him cum harder, ramming his cock deep into her as his juices filled her, her hands holding his hips hard against her, her nails dug into his flesh, their bodies writhing together. Jake nearly flopped down against her chest, barely able to catch his breath but he'd noticed she really wasn't breathing so well. 

"Baby, are you ok....I didn't hurt you did I?" He asked, she could hear the concern and sincerity in his voice. 

"No baby, I'm just getting my bearings, wow, you are......fucking amazing" she whispered.

Jake rolled off her and laid beside her, both of them panting heavily from the exertion. Jake gently trace the outline of her lips, her chin, and down to her nipples. It was almost as though he was using his hand to memorize her features. 

And thus, their lives intertwined in a moment they both needed desperately. The following months went by swiftly for Jessie, she wrote to Jake often while he was away. The e-mails and letters arrived often for them both and their friendship continued to blossom into something neither of them expected when they originally met.