 Hands clung tight to the straps of Megan's luggage as she fought to keep clam. Her long legs, clad in a thigh length denim skirt, stepped from the luggage claim and moved toward the small fast food restaurant located in the Los Angeles airport. Her mind was screaming at her to turn around and get back on a place, to go home and forget about meeting this "perfect" man. However her body disagreed as her nipples hardened into her black lacy bra, becoming quite visible underneath her low cut, black tank top. She didn't bother trying to hide the change in her appearance knowing it would only excite him further to know the affect he had on her before she even saw him.

Megan smiled to herself at the thought. For the last year Cole and her had been talking, via the internet as it seemed to be the biggest form of communication anymore. Some conversations, especially in the beginning, had been innocent, involving nothing more than enjoyment between the two single college students. However, things changed quickly between the innocent IM conversation to the intense text messages and finally into the steamy phone conversations that resulted in absolute bliss.

It had been a wild ride for Megan especially since her last real relationship had been years before. Now she was 22 years old and walking through an airport in Los Angeles, California for him. Her head looked down to the ground, dark brown hair falling over her delicate face, before her fingers pushed it back behind her ears. Hand shaking slightly from the nervousness that had begun to rise within her, butterflies fluttering around in her empty stomach. 

Then the restaurant came into view and Megan's heart jumped softly as brown orbs landed on it. She took a deep breath, letting the warm air sit in her lungs for a few seconds before allowing it to leave, her body moving slowly into the dining area. Before she could even reach a seat a hand circled around her forearm, digits pressing into her flesh as she was pulled softly, brown orbs revolving around until they met cobalt irises. A small gasp escaped her lips as Cole stood before her, towering several inches over her own tall frame. Her mind reeled as she took in his looks for the first time. His photo did not do him justice. He stood at least six feet four inches tall, with short dark brown hair not unlike her own, she could make out the muscular physique beneath his blue shirt. Her hands trembled as her eyes traveled further down his body, stopping briefly on the visible bulge in his denim pants. Her cheeks reddened slightly, pinked by his obvious arousal.

"I've been waiting for this moment for a year now," Cole whispered softly into her ear before letting his hand snake up her arm, holding her cheek in his hand before leaning down and pressing his hungry lips to hers. 

Megan melted into his lips, her small, dainty hands traveling up into his hair. She couldn't breathe; all she could do was melt into those kisses, those gorgeous lips. Her pulse spiked as the familiar feeling flooded her body. She couldn't pull away in that moment as her breasts swelled grazing his hard chest as she tried to breathe in the warm, humid air.

Finally after what seemed to be an hour of intense kisses he pulled away, his cobalt orbs traveling over her figure. "You're gorgeous..." he whispered as he lay his forehead against hers. Cole was lost in her body in those whiskey colored irises. His large hands slid down her fantastic body, one arm slipping behind her back and ushering her out of the airport, her suitcase hiding just how aroused he was by finally living out his fantasy. 

Cole felt like he was on some sort of cloud as he watched her move, felt her fingers wrap into the back of his shirt as they walked. He hadn't told her how much he'd come to care for her, didn't know if he could. All he could think about were those long creamy legs, those delicious thighs, and those tight muscles of her ass. Then there was the large bouncing flesh of her breasts barely contained by the black lacy bra he could make out under her low-cut tank top and there was her silky dark brown hair that flowed down her neck, that beautiful neck that cried out for attention from his lips.

Her eyes glanced up at him, catching his eyes watching her. A shiver ran through her body at the primal look on his face. Her breath caught in her lungs at the intense look, her hand moving slowly over his back as he directed them to his car. The classic red mustang made her knees weak just looking at it, something he caught onto almost immediately as that smirk fell across his face. "You want me to fuck you in the backseat don't you? You want me to rip your clothes off and pound into that tight pussy of yours." Megan moaned softly her fingers digging into his shirt as she felt the fevered pitch of her arousal explode through her body, her eyes closing at the image of being taken in the back of the old classic by him. 

Cole grinned at her, knowing that the next four days would be both tiring as well as utterly satisfying. He slid behind her, her hand slipping from his back as his arm wrapped fully around her. Megan's pulse skyrocketed at the first touch of his lips upon her neck. Strong hand drawing her back against his body as her suitcase was dropped to the ground next to the car, his other hand wrapping around her body as well. She could feel his arousal pressing against her backside, along her hip. "See what you do to me?" he whispered into her ear in a deep husky voice. He turned her around in his arms pressing her up against his car, his hands stroking down her sides. "I want to take you right here in the parking lot up against my car."

Breath caught in her throat as juices flowed, wetting her panties with desire. His large, strong hand slipped down to her knee as it slowly slid up her thigh, her eyes closing with need, her nipples taunt against the fabric of her bra as his lips found hers once more. Her hands wound around his neck pulling him closer to her as her legs opened, his body fitting between her legs easily. For once in her life Megan had forgotten her prudence as she allowed the public display to continue, just wanting him. Cole smirked against her lips as his hand moved further up her thigh, dipping under her skirt as a finger stroked against her wet panties and he groaned against her lips at how hot she was making him. 

There were no words from him as he forced himself to pull away, his movements quick as he threw her suitcase into the car and made her get in. He jogged around the car, awkwardly, but fast enough that he didn't lose any of his intensity as he slipped behind the wheel of his classic mustang and took off out of the parking lot of the airport, his hand moving back up her thigh as he stole glances every now and then at her. Megan was in a daze...if that's what you called it; extreme sexual need was ripping through every inch of her body as she caught his glances, digits sliding over his thigh. He groaned against the subtle ministrations of her fingers as he drove to the abandoned parking lot, knowing he'd never get her home...not in one piece if this continued. 

The minute the car was parked Cole pulled her up from the seat and she didn't hesitate one leg on either side of him as she tried to avoid hitting her head on the top of the car. She wouldn't have time to think about that though as he reclined the seat and pressed his lips to hers. A soft moan escaped them both, as tongues seemed to battle within each other's mouths for a few minutes, his hands moving under her tank top and pulling it up over her head during a break of kisses. Her digits were working on the clasp of his jeans, her own body on fire with need and she didn't want to wait...couldn't wait any longer. She'd been dreaming about this day for as long as they'd known each other and she knew she was more than ready for him. Of course that didn't stop him from running his hands up her thighs, grasping her ass and pulling her against him before one hand delved beneath her panties. The minute his finger flicked across her swollen bud she had to release his lips and let out a half cry, half moan of pleasure, her eyes squinting shut, and her features contorting in pleasure. 

Cole didn't think it was possible to get any harder, but the minute that sexy cry left Megan's full lips he groaned against the even more hardening member that couldn't be restrained for much longer. It was uncomfortable and painful in his jeans and the distraction of his finger against Megan's swollen nub had kept her from finishing her movements to free him from his restricting jeans. It didn't take her long to remember what she was doing however, and within a minute he was forcing his hips to rise so she could slide his jeans down enough to let him spring free. 

A guttural cry left his lips as her hand closed around him immediately, already stroking him, a thumb running over his tip collecting the beginning of seed, using it to lubricate him enough to continue her slow motions. At this time he retaliated her efforts with a few more flicks across her clit, stimulating it enough to make her close her eyes and moan loudly before he slid two fingers into her. Her body arched against his fingers entrance at which time he used his other hand to pull her bra down enough to let his lips wrap around one of her nipples, his teeth grazing against it. Another moan, another stroke, and another deep groan from the man as their ministrations continued for another few minutes until Cole lost control ripping her panties off, the sting on her side went unnoticed as he pulled her hand from him. She groaned in dismay before he moved her forward enough his hand guiding himself to her entrance.

Megan was holding her breath at this point...he wasn't a small man, in fact he was the largest man she'd ever been with, so there was fear written across her face as he positioned himself. His hand touched her cheek, giving her a moment of tenderness before giving her no time to deal as he thrust into her in one motion. There was pain first...god was there pain and she cried out, tears springing to her eyes as her caressed her cheek. He didn't move as he waited for her to adjust to him, she was so tight, clasping around him like a glove. It was amazing...how tight she was around him, he knew she would be, but this was almost heaven in how well she fit around him. When her whimpers of pain changed to whimpers of need he began to move again, her body clenching around him, making it almost impossible for him to move in and out of her. He didn't mind though as his hands rested on her hips, her hands against his chest before she lay down against him fully so her hunched form could straighten out. 

The rhythm was slow right now...another moan escaping her lips as he moved inside her, each stroke creating more heat inside her, causing her body to lubricate even more. Before long that's all she could hear was the slap of flesh against flesh and the beautiful sound of their love making. The rhythm picked up as his head bent capturing her lips in a hard passionate kiss. It was almost a constant chain of moans at this point as body moved against body and Megan was reaching heights she'd never been to before as he touched against walls she'd forgotten even existed inside her. Then there was something else as his hand slipped between them, a digit striking out against her clit. The effect was almost immediate as she cried out, her body shaking from the intense orgasm that slammed through her, her juices leaking down him as he picked up speed, pounding within her, increasing her orgasm as her tightened walls reached to his very core. A guttural cry left him as he contracted just before one last stroke sent him over the edge, his seed shooting into her as she collapsed onto him, his arms wrapping around her tightly. 

"This wasn't how I imagined it," she muttered in a tired voice against his chest.

"Oh?" he murmured in a deep voice.

"It was better."