 I slowly woke up not completely sure where I was. 

A warm weight curled around me that I knew was not just the bedding. Her rumpled hair was tickling my nose, arms and legs encircling me like a soothing hot bath. I smiled as I looked down at the sweet innocent face resting on my shoulder. I inhaled the floral fragrance of her perfume mixed faintly with the remnants of our long night of passion. It was hard for me to believe that such an innocent looking creature could have been capable of the "raw lust" that she had exhibited only a few hours before. The morning light was just starting to filter through the closed curtains. I did not want to disturb this "sleeping beauty" so I quietly slipped out of the bed as I had to answer a rather urgent "call of nature".

In the bathroom I glanced in the mirror, seeing a "smiling" face that had not looked back at me for a long time. As I thought of our night together my thoroughly used penis started to twitch of its own accord. I whistled softly as I brushed my teeth, thinking a hot shower would revive my sore body. 

I opened the bathroom door letting the steam roll into the semi darkness of the motel room. Debi had curled around my pillow snuggling down under the blankets in my absence, but was still lost in a sound sleep.

I slowly climbed in next to her slipping the pillow out of her arms substituting the warmth of my body where the pillow had been. She stirred and sighed, but did not wake.

I softly kissed her closed eyelids, smiling at her angelic face. Kisses softly planted on her nose, cheeks and lips brought a sweet smile to her sleeping face. My lips slowly worked down her face and neck as I slipped under the covers. She rolled over, lying on her back made my work easier. My lips found first one then two ripe breasts with nipples that my ministrations were bringing to life. Slowly pulling each nipple into my mouth, my tongue flicking the end with wetness and warmth, I could feel them swelling. She moaned in her sleep and squirmed a bit. Replacing my lips and tongue with hands and fingers, I continued my sensuous journey. Kissing lower down her stomach and waist, my tongue spent a few minutes exploring her navel. It was a cute little "inny" that begged to be licked.

I was still massaging lightly her now puckered nipples, one in each hand. Ah what a pleasant way to wake up. As my explorations continued, her legs parted as if inviting me to a private party. Planting wet soft kisses with interlaced nips of my teeth onto her smooth thighs, I worked my way ever closer to my ultimate goal.

My penis, forgetting what it had already been through the night before, was at attention and gently throbbing with each heartbeat. My hands reluctantly left those soft peaked nipples and slowly caressed her sleeping body as they moved to the puffy lips between her legs. My fingers parted the flesh releasing a sweet fragrance indicating the natural lubrication of sexual desire had already begun. My mouth left her inner thighs and enclosed her clit revealed and exposed for my enjoyment. As I drew the waiting bud into my mouth, Debi quietly said. "Good morning sweetie. What a wonderful dream I was having, and an even better reality." She lifted her hips granting me even easier access to her quickly swelling clit. My tongue licked out flicking over the small sensitive tissue eliciting another gasp and a moan. I renewed my attentions in earnest, causing squirming and further moans from above. My fingers slowly caressed her bottom and inner thighs dipping occasionally into her now dripping vagina. I lapped deeply into her, tasting the wonderful fresh sticky juices that were the result of my attentions.

Her hips now thrust up to meet my mouth with every lick of my tongue and thrust of my fingers. I could feel her slick vaginal walls greedily clutching my fingers with ever insertion. A long low moan escaped her lips as her hips raised up forcing my head off the bed. Her already drenched pussy squirted what seemed like a river of new moisture as she experienced her 'good morning" climax.

As the climax ebbed, I planted one last kiss on her nether lips and climbed up to embrace her again with my arms. Pulling her close, I smiled gazing into her eyes. "Good morning, was that a nice wake up call?" I asked.

Her answer was to pull my lips to hers in a demanding kiss.

I rolled over on my back pulling her on top of me.

She quickly straddled me, reaching down and grabbing my swollen penis. I slipped easily into her eliciting a gasp and a smile from us both. As she sat on my shaft we both slowly got into a rhythm that was slow and sensuous. I reached up and caressed her nipples as she rose and fell engulfing me with every down thrust. After a few minutes our pace quickened, the heat being generated at our juncture becoming intense. I felt myself slipping into the euphoria that precedes an intense climax. Her vaginal walls were squeezing and clutching me tighter with every thrust. I grabbed her around the waist pulling her down and holding her tight. We met in a deep demanding kiss as I felt my self erupt. For seconds that felt like hours, we remained deep into the physical and mental pleasure that only two loving people can share. The rare moment that joins 2 into one in an explosion of sexual release and mental exhilaration.

She collapsed onto me her head resting on my shoulder, her lips gently kissing my ear. I again pulled her close reveling in the "love" I was feeling. A friendship, that I had treasured, had blossomed into a "love" that had wonderful future possibilities.

Please vote and let me know what you think of this story. I appreciate and need readers thoughts and feedback. Thanks.