 She lay in bed next to him, fully dressed in track pants and a shirt. He was close but they weren't touching, not yet. She was nervous. She wanted something to happen all night but just didn't know if she should.

He lay under the covers next to her shivering, despite the layers he wore. She left the room and returned with another blanket. Still he shivered.

"How can you still be cold?" she questioned.

"I'm not actually cold, I just can't stop shivering." He grabbed her hand and guided it under his jumper to his stomach. She could feel the warmth of his skin before she touched it.

"You're really hot." She smiled.

Leaving her hand on his stomach she slid further down into the bed and moved closer to him. He didn't move.

They continued to talk about everything and nothing. She felt such a connection with him, it's like they were the same person. She began moving her fingers over his skin, delicately caressing him. The tension was great between them.

He removed his hand from his pocket and ran his fingers along her arm, moving from wrist to elbow. Her breath caught as his fingers glided past her breast. So close but not touching. It was torture.

His hand continued up and down her arm, the feeling was exquisite and electrifying. 

She moved her hand further up his body, massaging the muscles in his chest. He breathed deep when her fingers found his nipples. She circled each bud with her finger, feeling them harden to a tip. She pinched each tip causing him to gasp.

His hand slid up her arm to her elbow, closer to her chest this time. His hand brushed by her breast. She arched her back, pushing her breast onto his hand. His finger began caressing her clothed nipple. He pinched her, feeling the nipple harden as his had done. She felt herself grow wet at this touch. Her body yearned for more. 

She moved closer to him. Her hand travelled back down his chest, over his stomach. His hair felt smooth under her fingers. She found the top of his shorts and lingered for a moment, the tips of her fingers moving slightly under the waist band. After an endless moment her hand began moving down, over his shorts. She brushed her hand past his hard cock feeling it jerk at the slight touch, continuing down to his thigh. Her hand moved to his inner thigh. She massaged the muscles beneath her hand, drifting up and down his inner thigh. Each upward motion causing her hand to caress his shaft.

He rolled onto his side to face her. The change of position gave her more access to his thigh. She took immediate advantage and pushed her hand further between his legs.

He reached out to place a warm hand on her waist. He slid under her shirt, resting his hand on her skin for a moment. She breathed deep. The feeling sending chills down her spine. She wanted this, wanted him, so bad. He moved his hand up her stomach with a slowness that was torture. Finally he reached her breast. He cupped the flesh in his hand, kneading the skin. His thumb traced over her erect nipple. She gasped, her own fingers brushing his shaft with deliberate force. As her fingers wrapped around his clothed muscle, he pinched her nipple. She whimpered.

He moved his hand down her body, again delicately and slowly caressing her skin. Reaching her track pants he slid his fingers under the elastic, continuing down to her crutch. She was bare, hairless, he liked it. His fingers found her pussy lips. She was wet already. He could feel the heat radiating from her before he parted her lips to slide a finger in.

Her hand grabbed his cock harder. She squeezed the muscle, her hand gliding up and down the shaft. He was hard and thick; she shivered at the thought of that muscle driving into her pussy. She moved her legs further apart allowing him more access. He moved closer to her, his mouth inches from hers.

His finger found her clit and tapped it. She jumped at the sensation. He smiled. She was sensitive. He took a deep breath as he imagined his tongue on that bud, making her cum. His finger moved to her pussy, rimming the edge of her. She wanted him inside her. 

His lips captured hers as he drove his finger into her. She moaned into him. His tongue warm in her mouth, caressing hers. He slipped another finger into her, driving deep. She pushed her hips down onto his hand, wanting as much as he could give. His lips were fierce on hers, as though he were trying to taste all of her in that one kiss. 

He moved to a position above her, forcing her to lie on her back. His fingers still deep inside her, caressing her from the inside, lips still embraced. Bracing his body weight on his elbow he used his free hand to lift her shirt. Her nipples grew harder as they were exposed to the cool air. He broke the kiss, moving his mouth to her breast. His tongue flicked the bud. She arched her back, her breast pushing into him once more. He took the nipple into his mouth, sucking and nipping the flesh of her breast. She moaned again.

The sensations were exquisite. Her hands moved between them to slide under his shorts. She grabbed his cock, feeling the girth of him throb under her fingers. As his fingers began pumping into her, she milked his cock in long strokes. 

He knew he was close, but didn't want to cum yet. He pushed her hand away and lowered his body down hers. His lips left kisses where his fingers had been. He realized the confines of the bed would not accommodate his plans. Grabbing her hips he pulled her to the edge of the bed, allowing him to take a position between her legs. His fingers linked into her waist band and pulled her track pants over her long legs to the floor.

He lifted her legs onto his shoulders as he moved his face closer to her pussy. His tongue found her clit, pressing into it. She gasped at the touch. He traced his tongue up and down her slit, tasting her. He enjoyed the taste, wanting more. His tongue found her pussy driving in. Her eyes closed at the feel of his tongue fucking her. It had been so long since she had felt the pleasure. His tongue moved back up to her clit. He sucked it into his mouth as he drove his fingers back into her.

"Oh God," she breathed. Her back arched again.

She was in heaven. The electricity was building in her stomach, she was going to cum. He knew she was close. His tongue began a steady beat on her clit as his fingers pumped in and out of her. Her hips rose off the bed as the orgasm came closer. She felt a finger at her butt and nearly came at the thought of it driving into her. He sucked her clit hard as he pushed the finger deep into her arse. She screamed. The explosion was intense. Her body shook with the sensations. He continued to suck her clit, his fingers still fucking her. He could feel her muscles contracting with the orgasm. 

As her hips lowered back to the bed he removed his fingers. His tongue returned to her pussy lapping the juices from her.

Her head was still spinning as she moved her hands to his head, pulling him up to her. She kissed him deeply, tasting herself on his tongue. She moved back onto the bed, bringing him with her. She pushed him on his back and took a commanding position above him. She straddled his legs, her wet pussy rubbing against his leg. He moved his knee up to connect to her clit, she jumped and smiled.

"My turn now," she smiled at him.

Her hands moved to the zipper of his jumper. She pulled the zipper down exposing the chest she had caressed before. She found his nipples hard and leaned forward to lick one into her mouth. His hands moved to her head as she nipped his flesh, like he had done hers. She moved lower, kissing and licking down his stomach, till she reached his shorts. Hooking a thumb in each side she pulled the clothing down his body and onto the floor next to her pants. 

His body was muscular and strong. His cock, rigid. She leaned in, blowing her warm breath onto his shaft. He pulsed at the feel. Her hands moved to his hips as her tongue delicately touched his tip. The sensation of her wet tongue on his cock was delicious. He held his breath for what he hoped was to come.

As he held his breath, she opened her mouth and took him into her. Her tongue caressed his shaft as she sucked his muscle deep down her throat. His hands moved to her head once more, he was in heaven. She began moving her mouth up and down. Her tongue gliding over his cock and glands. She sucked harder as his cock drove down her throat. Her hand moved to his balls. Very delicately she ran a finger over the skin. He shivered and she ran her tongue over the full length of his shaft.

"Jesus," he whispered.

She removed his cock from her mouth, her hands replacing her lips. Her head moved lower to suck his ball sac into her mouth. Her hands squeezed his cock hard as she sucked his balls, her tongue caressing them. She could feel her pussy juice gathering between her legs. She loved the taste of him, the feel of his hard cock in her hand and his balls in her mouth.

"I'm so close. I want to fuck you," he breathed.

"I'm not stopping you," she teased, hoping he would take control.

He took the hint. He pushed her shoulders away and sat upright. He grabbed her hips and moved her to a position in front of him. She was on her knees, her arse facing him. He got up on his knees behind her. With one hand on her hip he pulled her back, his other hand on her shoulders forcing her forward. Her face rested on the pillow in front of her, while her arse was high in the air. 

He grasped her hips, his fingers digging into her flesh, and positioned his cock at her pussy. In one thrust he was inside her. She exploded with another orgasm. His cock completely filled her. Her body shook with the orgasm as he began his long strokes in and out. Her pussy was tight around his throbbing muscle. He moved slowly and deliberately, taking his time with each drawn out movement.

He felt her body relax from the orgasm and quickened his pace. His cock pulled completely out of her pussy before plunging back in. She pushed her hips back onto him, driving the cock deeper into her. He was close, he wanted to cum inside her so badly. 

His strokes became shorter, but deeper. Holding her hips tight, he pulled her back onto him as he thumped her pussy with force. Slamming into her with each movement, he felt his cock stiffen as he exploded. He slid a finger into her arse as his cock emptied into her. 

She felt his cock jerk and shoot cum into her, just as his finger drove into her arse again. Her orgasm was intense. Her body shook, her pussy milking his cock.

They collapsed onto the bed, both panting with the exertion. He pulled his spent cock out of her but remained behind her, his arms around her body. She pulled the covers over them and nestled into his body. He kissed her neck before they both fell asleep.