 The hum of your furnace wakes me early. It's the first night I've stayed over and the house sounds are strange to my ear. I hear you breathing, heavy and even, as I slip out of bed. My body shivers with the morning chill and I grab your tee shirt. As I pull it over my head, your scent envelopes me. I take a deep breath and feel a warmth travel through my core. I tip toe to the washroom careful not to disturb you as I brush my teeth. I look bleary eyed in the mirror thinking about how good it felt to share your bed last night and smile. My other thought is how good coffee would taste right now and I head to your kitchen. 

I start searching your cupboards, trying to remember where you keep your coffee. In the upper cupboard I find it but I need a chair to get it down. I pull one from the table and step up. I hear a noise as I reach for the can. I turn and see you leaning against the wall with your arms crossed. A smile finds your lips and then your eyes. I realize then that the hem of your shirt has risen and from where I'm standing, I'm giving you a pretty good view from above. I take the can, hold it close and step down. I look at you and see your hair is a lovely mess but it's your morning hardness that gets all of my attention. You reach for the coffee and put it on the counter behind me. Your arms wrap around me and pull me in tight. I feel your lips brush my neck as you guide me back to the counter.

You step back and gaze into my eyes. I melt into your hands and you lift me up onto the counter. Your fingers travelling over my legs as you step between them, my hands massaging your shoulders. The heat I feel from you is increasing my desire and I close my eyes. Your lips find mine in a crushing kiss. Our tongues exploring. My fingers trace your arms around to the curve of your muscular back. My tips brushing along your hard edges till I feel the curve of your hips. Your hands find my waist and your hard shaft is pushing against the hem of your shirt. It feels steady against my thighs and I feel relief when you pull your shirt off of me. When I open my eyes you are taking in my nakedness and my need. You pull me in again, kissing me hard, shifting me forward as my hands fall back. My legs are spread wider by your hands as your lips follow with kisses down my neck and chest. You stop to flick my nipple with your tongue and send pleasurable waves to my pussy. My nipples are now so hard. My breathing deeper. Your touch continues down my body until you are kneeling between my legs. Softly kissing my thighs, fingers tracing my ankles. My hips start lightly grinding. 

You stop your kisses and bury your nose between my legs, taking a deep breath. A quiet moan escapes my lips as I feel you press against my pussy and I catch my breath. I feel your fingers part my lips as your tongue lightly teases them with small flicks. Your tongue reaches my hard clit as your finger slips inside to play in my wetness. You find a rhythm and I move my hips with your tongue. You slip in a second finger and find the right spot. Bending and pumping your fingers bring my moans louder as you guide me closer. My wetness like honey now coating your beard and my thighs. Waves deep inside building. You find the right pressure and I shudder as I tighten and cum hard on your hand and tongue. I fall forward as I find my breath. You take me in your arms to help me down. I look at you and feel your gaze burning into me, the coffee forgotten. You pull me in to kiss you and I taste myself on your lips. 

You kiss me harder as you pull the chair over and sit down. You gather me close and I straddle you, my hands on your shoulders. Your cock full and rigid. Your tip glistening with precum. I dip my swollen pussy to tease your tip with my wetness. You groan and grab my hips to lower me over your shaft. Slowly you guide me till I am stretched by all of your fullness. Your hands find my ass and I start riding. I lean in and pump up and down, in time with you. My hand reaches to find your balls and I start to caress. Your breathing faster, I kiss you hard and feel you tighten inside my pussy. Your fingers tighten harder into my ass as you scream and I feel your warmth fill me as you release. Holding me tight you slow your breathing as we kiss. You gently help me off of you and stand up to kiss me harder as you stroke my skin. Calming my body and yours. The kitchen full of our scent, you look at me and smile. Taking my hands, you lead me to the shower.