 *Author's note: I would like to thank PrincessAmelia for her efforts editing this story. She made it easier to read, and therefore much more enjoyable for you, the reader.*



I met someone in New Orleans online, who just got out of a divorce from an abusive husband. She told me that she never had anyone ever go down on her ever. So, it inspired me to write this story. 

I arrive at the address you gave me. I don't know if this is your place, or a friends place, but since this is the first time we are meeting in person, you might be playing it safe. It is a nice neighborhood, but I still lock my doors and stroll up the front steps to ring the doorbell. Yes, I am feeling a little nervous. While we talked to each other online, I still have never met you, and you only know just that I am arriving at this time. I take a deep breath as I hear footsteps coming to the door. The door opens with the chain still on, and you say, "Mike?" 

I reply, "Ally?". 

The door shuts and I hear the chain slide off before you open the door again. "Come in." 

I pause, giving you a good look over. You are wearing silk, and a matching kimono tied closely around you. The silk excites me, as it hangs and clings around you in all the right places. Curves where you are supposed to have curves, and a beautiful smile with perfect kiss able lips, giving me a slight grin as you watch me take you all in with my eyes. Your curly brown, shoulder length hair looks freshly done. You are shorter than I am; a cute little 5' 3" compared to my 6 foot tall frame. 

I step into the house, and you lead me to the living room, where the lights are slightly dimmed, some music is playing and a glass of wine is there, lipstick on the edges of the glass showing me you have had a sip or two already. You offer me a glass, which I take and savor the moment. 

A beautiful woman, standing before me, wants me to lick her pussy for the first time. I feel honored, excited, and nervous. You are looking me over, and you don't mind what you are seeing, but you do go back and look at my crotch again, as you see my bulge increasing. 

Feeling a little awkward, but wanting to take charge of the moment, I ask how your day was. I can see the excitement in your eyes, and wondered if you were thinking about it all day as I was. I ask you if you are ready for this, and you just nod your head. Taking you in my arms, I give you a passionate kiss, teasing your mouth with my tongue, darting, probing, withdrawing, and making you aware of my tongue, what it is doing, and what it will be doing. 

I slide my hand down your back and grab your ass. It feels so nice under the silk pants. Breathlessly you pull away, and slip off those long pants. As you do this, I can see the small robe start to slip open, revealing a sexy bra and panty set. You have such nice big beautiful breasts. I make a mental note to make sure they get my tongue as well. You see me standing there, watching you, an obvious erection tenting my pants. You give me that smirk again, and I blush a little. 

I take off my shirt and slide my pants down, taking my shoes and socks off as I go. At this point, you have an opened robe and you are standing there in your matching bra and panties, and I have on my boxer briefs. After another breathless moment, we embrace each other again with renewed vigor, as I am groping your ass while putting my arm around your head, locking your lips against mine. 

I can feel your nails against my back as your hands move to grab my ass with two hands, feeling how firm it is, pulling my hips hard against yours, my hardness pressing into you. I sense we are getting a little weak kneed, and I start to lower you onto the couch. I kneel on the floor and take off my underwear then reach for yours. Slowly I pull them down, as you lift up your hips, allowing me to pull them all the way down and off. I am surprised to see you are shaved clean.

You see me stare at it with longing and lustful look, and you open your legs more to give me greater access. Such a beautiful pussy, so pink, already wet, begging for attention. I lean over and kiss the insides of your thighs. Maybe you thought I was going to go right for your clit, but no, I want to enjoy the buildup. I draw circles with my tongue on the inside of your thigh, while my other hand is massaging your leg.

As my tongue gets close and closer to your pussy, I can feel your pussy giving off heat, I can smell your wonderful juices, and I can feel my pre cum running down my head. With broad, flat strokes of my tongue, I finally reach your outer lips. I now really position my head right beneath you, and you put your let over my shoulder. I can hear you breathing deeply, enjoying being teased this way. 

I lick all around your pussy, tasting your wetness as it leaks from your pussy. As I am licking around your pussy, I decide to see how far you want to go. When I get to the bottom, I lick a little bit along your perineum, but stop before I reach your anus, then move back up, wanting to see your reaction. I can smell something sweet and flowery when I did this, so I can tell you took a scented bath before my arrival.

I hear you gasp with surprise and anticipation as I started down that path and I sense you relax a little bit when I started back up. Not sure what you like, after another lap around your pussy, I go down there again, a little further this time, and again, I hear that sharp intake of breath. I smile, and give a few long licks between your anus and pussy, seeing you get even more excited. But I make one more slow long trek back up, but this time I don't stop outside your pussy - no, I continue to lick all the way up into your folds, getting a mouthful of your juices. 

There is no way I am going to touch your clit yet, not when there is still so much build up to continue. Making my tongue hard and long, I start to use it as a mini-dick, thrusting it into your hole, feeling your wetness on my upper lip and starting down my chin. God I love this pussy!

After a few minutes of this, I gently work my tongue up to your clit, where it is poking through the hood. As I approach it with my tongue, I apply less and less pressure until just before my tongue would have licked it, I stop, hovering above it for just a split second so you recognize the pause, then I gently blow a puff of air onto it. At that point you cannot take anymore, and now your hands are pressing my face against your pussy. 

I finally tongue your clit, working it around in circles, licking over the top around the bottom, just before I take your clit into my mouth. This sends you over the edge for your first orgasm. I have your clit in my mouth, sucking on it, licking the tip of it like a mad man while it's in my mouth.

My chin is completely wet as you grip your legs around me and keep my head from moving while you climax. I am furiously tapping at it with my tongue as you spasm uncontrollably. As I sense you slowing down, I slow down, and when you release me, I look up at you and you have that far away glazed look in your eyes. I rub your stomach with my hands, rubbing them up and outward, down your sides back to your hips, where I bring them back in and up, going a little further this time, continuing this until I get to your breasts, which amazingly are still in your bra. 

I look at you pleadingly, and you give me that sly little smirk again and unclasp your bra, freeing your magnificent breasts, nipples completely erect. I rub them for a few minutes, enjoying their firmness and soft curves, rubbing where the bra was under your breasts and around the sides. 

You seem to have recovered enough at this point, so I go back down and start to massage the inner thighs right where they connect to your hips. I hear a soft moan escape your lips as you realize we aren't done yet. Massaging you for another few moments, I go back to licking your pussy lips, inside and out, taking them into my mouth, playing with them, and moving on. 

At this point I stick a finger in your vagina, which you did not expect, but by the sounds you are making, you are definitely enjoying. So while I am licking all over your slit and lips, my finger is working in and out of you, feeling for the g-spot to tease as my fingers penetrate you. We get into a good rhythm, and then I kick it up a notch by sucking your clit back into my mouth. This makes you pull my hair in pleasure, but that wasn't as far as I could go. No, I add another finger to rub your g-spot, and I then start humming. You are so vocal right now, urging me to continue, don't stop. 

Oh, no, I won't stop. With my other hand, I reach out and grab a breast to hold and squeeze as your orgasm builds. It isn't stopping, and I am humming along, thrusting my fingers, and squeezing your tit while you are writhing in ecstasy. You finally hit that climax, and I am holding onto you for my life, pressing your g-spot, humming with your clit in my mouth, and my other hand pinching your nipple. 

You climax for what seemed like an hour, but was probably only a couple minutes. As soon as it ends, I feel you go limp, and I swear you passed out. Your juices are running down my wrist as I pull my fingers out of you. I give your pussy a last lick, and release your breast. Your eyes open at me and you smile at me.

I move on up and kiss you full on the lips, letting you taste your juices on my lips and tongue. Yes, you look happy when I pull away. I smile and ask how you are doing. 

Your eyes roll up and you sigh, "Wonderful."

"Are you still up for more fun with my tongue?" I ask. 

"Am I? YES!" 

I take a pillow from the couch and lie down, putting my head on the pillow. "Come over here and kneel over my face," I say. I watch you get up, still a little weak, breasts ever so swaying, and you eagerly straddle my shoulders. I look up at your glistening pussy, still wet from our tongue play, the bare lips still spread, wanting more attention. I see your breasts flushed and nipples at attention. 

My lust cannot grow any more. As much as I enjoy the view, I correct you. "No, turn around. Put your knees by my head." Excited to be directed like this, you quickly switch around. I reach up and give a little lick along your slit as I hear you give a soft sigh. "What do you see?" I ask. 

"You. You are dripping!"

"Yes, I am. Now do you think you can take care of that while I continue to take care of you?" 

"At the same time?" 

"Yes, let me lick your pussy while you suck me." 

I feel a slight hesitation while you think about it, and I reach up with my tongue and lick from your slit to your anus again. "Ooh!" you exclaim, and that jump started you to bend over onto your hands and take my very hard cock into your mouth. 

"Mmmmm..." I moan as my mouth is full of your pussy lips. The humming of my moan feels incredible to you, and you moan back with my dick in your mouth, giving me the same kind of vibration sensation as I was giving you. I am in heaven. The smell of your pussy, the juices flowing into my face and mouth, my tongue poking your hole, all while being sucked is incredible. This is turning you on as well, as your position over my mouth is giving me a totally different access to you, one where I cannot focus as much on your clit as much as before, but I can certainly penetrate your opening with my tongue better than before. My chin is rubbing against your clit, though, and after a few thrusts of my tongue into your pussy, I lick all the way up to your anus, and give that a tickle with my tongue. 

You almost screamed with delight, but with your mouth full, it just caused me more wonderful vibrations. I continue to rim you a little, now sure if you want me to poke my tongue in there, but I decide against it; better to give you the idea of wanting it for another visit. But that doesn't stop me from licking up and down, back and forth, and again thrusting my tongue into your pussy, my tongue not able to penetrate like my fingers, but still licking up all those juices. 

I am sensing you are close, and I am not far behind as I have managed to keep from my powerful orgasm all this time. This is always the best - and worst - thing with 69 - the more aroused you get, the more you put in to pleasing your partner. But the closer either of us get to cumming, someone could start to lose focus as the powerful waves of pleasure overcome them, enough that a person might stop what they are doing to focus on their own pleasure. 

You know I am getting close as I am thrusting my cock up into your mouth (which is why I didn't want to be on top - I didn't want to gag you!), but you are also grinding your pelvis into my face as I lick as fast and as furiously as I can, trying to get you to come with me in your mouth. 

Suddenly your body tenses, and you start moaning louder and louder, causing extra vibrations down my shaft. That sets me over the edge too, and I release all my pent up cum down your throat. I am thrusting upwards; shooting again and again with each wave of my orgasm overtakes me. Your pussy juices flow all over my face; nothing is dry on my face. I am covered in your passionate juices, glistening in the dim lights. 

You roll off me onto your side. I take the pillow and turn around, offering to share the pillow with you while we look at each other. You seem so satisfied, a glazed look in your eyes. I lean in closer to kiss you, and again, our tongues are intertwined, but slower this time, more sensual. 

I can taste my cum on your tongue, and I know you can taste yourself on my lips, tongue and face. Your curly brown hair, perfectly in place when you met me at the door, is now unkempt, slightly mussed and tangled. Spent, trying to regain our breath, we lie there, on the floor, holding each other for a few moments. 

I ask you if you have an ottoman, and you nod, still slightly out of breath. I ask if you can have an orgasm like that standing up. 

"I don't know, why?" 

"Next time, I can lie on my back, hang off the edge of the ottoman, and lick you silly while you stand over me!" 

"Next time? What makes you think there will be a next time?" 

"I am an eternal optimist after a mind-blowing sex session."