 I have been fortunate enough to have fallen in love with, as far as I am concerned, the most beautiful woman in the world. At 5'10" and 90 lbs Kat is a gorgeous little Filipina with long black hair and the brightest eyes. Her body is in proportion to her tiny frame and is nothing short of perfect.

In our beginning our dates were on a weekly basis as we both lived in different cities. Our first date was the best first date I had ever been on, and after ten hours of flirting, laughing and holding hands I found myself falling in love with her. Our second date consisted of us holding each other tightly, as if I had never held a woman in my arms before. My body ached for her, but it was quite apparent that we were to take a more traditional, and less hurried approach to things.

Knowing that my intentions were honourable Kat agreed to spend the night at my place for our third date. I picked her up and as we drove out of town I wondered what the evening would hold for us. Surely the prospect of sex was out of the question, as we had not even kissed each other. I was content to lay back, look forward to an intimate evening of holding and teasing, and focusing on being a complete gentleman. After all, I really liked this woman and was not about to think with the wrong head and screw it all up. Little did I know things were about to take a complete turnaround.

Upon arriving at my house I led Kat nervously by the hand out into the spacious front garden. She hugged her tiny body into my frame then stood back from me about a foot. We looked into each other's eyes and I began to think of the least intrusive but most sincere way of obtaining my first kiss with her. Kat trumped me by removing her tshirt and standing before me in her bra. My mind was completely blown. Locking her eyes with mine she reached behind and undone her bra and treated me to an absolutely perfect set of breasts. Small, firm and perky with large dark nipples I still could not believe what was happening so suddenly, so naturally between us. I took off my shirt and embraced her, our flesh making contact with each other as the cool night air blew over us.

Without speaking I took Kat by the hand and led her inside the house to my bedroom. Our bodies melted into each other as we removed each other's clothes with the familiarity of old acquainted lovers. I took a mental picture that moment at the beautiful shy Asian princess who was giving herself to me. Lying on the bed I began to worship her breasts with my tongue. With each suck she moaned and writhed on the bed and as I reached down between her legs and touched her pussy for the first time, so did she take my cock in her hand as we began to pleasure each other.

Not only did Kat have the most incredible body I have seen, but her pussy was ridiculously tight. I had only used my finger on her for about thirty seconds when she moaned into my ear that she was coming. I held her as she came down and then put a condom on my hard cock. Positioning myself above her beautiful form I slowly slid my cock into her for the first time. Kat was so tight that it felt like I was taking her virginity, and before I was all the way insider her she told my I was huge and started coming again.

I started off slowly, but as the momentum increased we were soon ravaging each other. Kat held me close and came repeatedly as I slammed my big cock in and out of her soaking pussy. I leaned back, pulled her up with my and flipped over so she was now riding my dick with her beautiful little cunt. I leaned up and sucked hard on her tits as she bucked against me, cumming every minute or so.

When she had enough Kat got off me and lay down on the bed, her legs spread wide. She begged me to fuck her hard until I couldn't hold it anymore. She wanted to feel my hard cock throb and explode inside her pussy. I gave it to her hard and rough until she began to cum one last time, then I went over the edge and came so hard I thought I would explode right through the condom.

The night wasn't over, as we would up fucking three more times before falling asleep in each other's arms, but for the time being I just lay there in heaven, holding the beautiful Filipina who is now my wife. This story is for you and for us. I love you Kat.