 Many of you liked 'Apartment Ch. 01' and I thought you might like to know how I met the sexy, erotic, exhibitionist woman who was to become my wife. She's much more experienced than me and is now writing a story about her sexual encounters as a young woman in Madrid. I hope she finishes them soon, as they certainly turn me on.

I know that many people would suggest that casual sex is dangerous. "Not on the first night" is a common mantra. But my later life experience has been that the women I dated were as hungry for it as I was. A site I thought was for 'grown up' on-line dating turned out to be a site for making friends with people who just wanted sex and a good time, not the usual dating site, but that's another story. I enjoyed a couple of bachelor years and soon found that I needed the company of women. I ended up dating several dozen, on the adult site and elsewhere, most of whom were 'up for it' and I belatedly realised that there is much more common between men and women in their sexual desires than I had realised.

Those few months of playing the field came to a stop when I met Louisa Love. And they barely prepared me for what she had to offer. We both agree that the relatively virginal man I had been previously could not have coped with her wild sexiness. We met on Match.com (doesn't everyone?) and we hit it off with some word-play. I liked her photograph and we agreed to meet on a Thursday. As I mentioned before, she's a nurse and has shifts to work. I was celebrating success on a work outing on the Tuesday before when she got in touch. It was early evening and we had been drinking since lunchtime. Only a few hardened cases remained, sitting at the pavement tables of an Edinburgh bar and we were all fairly drunk. It was 6.30 when I noticed that Louisa had texted to say that she was unexpectedly free for the night, so could we meet up? I called her. 

"Louisa?"

"Yes."

"Hi. It's Jeff. I thought you couldn't meet me until Thursday?"

"I've swapped shifts with another nurse. It suited her, so now I'm free." I liked the sound of her voice. It sang over the words. 

"But I texted you hours ago! Why did you take so long to get back to me?" she added.

"I'm sorry. I work at the university and we've been celebrating graduation since lunchtime. I only just noticed your text. I'd like to see you but I'm afraid I'm a bit drunk." 

"In that case, I'll have a glass of wine while I get ready and try to catch up. I'll see you in an hour. How will I know you?" 

"I'm sitting outside Assembly with a couple of other guys. I'm the one in the kilt."

See you soon then. Oh, and mine's a dry white."

I was sitting chatting to Tom and Angela when over the other side of the road I saw this gorgeous, curvy chick approaching. Her full bosoms were clear even from 50 yards and she looked confident in her low-cut white patterned blouse and her skin-tight black jeans. I realised it was her and nipped inside the bar quickly to get her a glass of chilled Sauvignon Blanc. When I came out she was sitting with the others.

"You must be Louisa." I could barely keep my eyes off her cleavage and I was too drunk to be subtle about it. But she's game and she stared at my hairy legs.

"And you must be Jeff."

I caught her downturned gaze, smiled and sat down opposite her. The others got up and went inside. "We'll leave you guys to it." Tom winked.

There's no beating about the bush when your inhibitions have been swept aside by alcohol. You tend to say it as you think. "You look gorgeous." 

"You're allowed to look at my face." I looked up from her cleavage and she was smiling.

"It's difficult. Your dating entry said your bum was your best feature, but from where I'm sitting, your breasts look fantastic."

"I can't see my bum. But other men have told me they think my bum's the best part. What do you think?" And with that, she stood up and did a slow twirl. I felt a movement under my kilt and had to take a deep breath.

"Close call." I said. "And who am I to disagree?"

"Isn't that a line from a song?" she asked.

"Yes. But I haven't travelled the world and the seven seas." This got us onto long discussions about where we had lived, holidays we had had. Places we had both been to and places we wanted to see. Louisa was so easy to talk to and she laughed and joked. Wine flowed and before I knew it, we had reached 'curfew'. No drinking on the street after 9pm. We were asked to go indoors. 

There were not many seats left, but there was a small sofa near the door. Louisa motioned to it and went to sit down. I went up to the bar to replenish the glasses. The noise level was very high and when I got back we had to lean towards each other to be heard. I felt her warm flesh through her fine blouse and her perfume was intoxicating. Our legs were touching. I put my hand on her left leg and said, "Would you like to sit a little closer?" I carefully lifted it over my right knee and placed it between my legs, rubbing her inner thigh softly through the trouser leg.

"That's a bit forward." She smiled but didn't offer any resistance. I knew I had found someone who was confident and experienced. We laughed and joked a bit more and then went for a meal at a local Indian restaurant. 

Next thing I remember, I was lying on my back in the darkness in a bed. An experienced hand was cupped around my balls, softly caressing them. The feeling was sending tingles up my spine. I could feel my cock semi-erect and the hand moved to the base of my erection and a single finger began gently shifting up and down the length of my cock. It stiffened very quickly. I could feel the pressure inside as the skin stretched out over its length. My eyes adjusted to the room and I could make out the girl lying next to me. The hand moved away from my cock and she brought it up to her mouth and licked the fingers with a long slow motion of her tongue. She put her wet hand back under the bedclothes and slid it over the tip of my cock, slowly drawing it down over the length until she reached my balls. Then her hand moved back up, all the time applying a gentle pressure in the ring that he fingers and thumb made.

"You've got a big one" she said throatily. 

Words wouldn't come. I groaned in pleasure as she added "and not before time."

She threw the covers back and moved her leg over me. I could feel the room going round and I was almost paralysed in position as she leaned over me and lowered her juicy, wet vagina lips over my now throbbing penis. I gasped in pleasurable agony as she allowed her weight to force my erection into her. I felt the tightness of her opening and then the release as my bulb slid inside her going on for what seemed like forever.

As she lowered fully I was aware of her warm, soft breasts caressing my cheeks and I instinctively felt for a nipple with my mouth. My lips were met with a firm mountain of red erect flesh. I ran my tongue around the erect nipple and she murmured "yes, yes".

I moved my hands from by my sides and placed them on her tight bum, helping her to move up and down, up and down. I could feel the soft inner flesh of her cunt running along my now rock-hard penis and I knew I was going to cum. I rolled her over on her back and pressed her against the bed, pushing her legs further apart and penetrating deep inside her.

My rhythm became quicker and I could feel her back arch as she moaned in pleasure. Then suddenly I spurted inside her harder, harder, harder. Then it stopped and I lapsed down onto her warm flesh and held her for a moment, kissing her neck. Exhausted, I rolled off her and onto my back and stared at the far-away ceiling. 

As I lay there now the pieces moved into place in my head and I remembered meeting Louisa and going for a curry. It was Louisa I was in bed with. My breath was slowing and I managed to speak for the first time. "I don't know where I am, but it's heaven."

She switched on a light and looked at me with a smile on her face. "I'm not surprised you don't know where you are. I had to put you in a taxi and help you up the stairs to my flat. You couldn't remember where you lived."

"I'm sorry."

"Don't be. I wanted you to come back with me anyway. We got on so well last night." 

I looked at her carefully. She had smiling teal blue eyes that could swallow you up and I stared at them. "You have beautiful, loving eyes."

"I love your eyes, too."

"And a lovely mouth."

"And you have a gorgeous cock."

"Did you come?" I asked.

"No. You'll know about it when I come. It's not quiet."

We both had work that Wednesday morning, so we parted, promising to meet up the following night. I had found the most sexually active and experienced woman I have ever met. But something else happened that morning, as we looked into each other's eyes on the pillow. And there was a lot more to discover about Louisa Love.