 Foreword

These stories are based in Australia and written in the idiom the characters would use. 

Some issues in language variations I anticipated and built translations into my narrative. Others have caught me by surprise especially in their intensity. Generally, the intended meaning will be clear from the context if you don't cling too tightly to your usual usage.

Crutch/ Crotch has been a subject of much comment. Australians more commonly use 'crutch' and that meaning of the word is supported by the Macquarie Dictionary.

*****

Story

From fairly early in our relationship I had started thinking about how our families could all spend Christmas together.

Greg's family generally celebrated Christmas Day at their place where they were joined by Greg's mum's sister, her husband and three kids of around our age. Greg's mum was from the day I meet her warm, friendly and generous to me and both he and I were fairly sure his parents would be only too happy to invite my family to join them.

My main concern was that we might end up having to go up to the country hinterland to join the friends of my parents there. Fortunately they were going interstate to have Christmas with one of their own children; so there was no invitation to compete with that of Greg's parents and the day was arranged.

When the day came around it was interesting watching the families come together.

What struck me first of all was how similar all three mothers were. Greg's mum and her sister could have been twins, even though they were several years apart. The scary thing was my mother could equally have been twined with either of them; at least on a fraternal basis. Not only were they much the same height and shared the same youthful figure, their personalities were very similar too; friendly but a little reserved and completely lacking – like me – any wild streak. They even smiled the same way.

They say a man marries his mother. If I'm anything like mine then Greg and I might as well get married now.

The dads were both tall and skinny, but whereas mine is your typical passionate surfer and a passionate follower of footy and cricket both with a strange combination of a hippie background and the professional manner of the accountant he is, Greg is very much like his father; quiet and a little shy, but intelligent, sincere and friendly.

The third father was very different; both more solidly built and more confident vergin; on (if not actually going into) bombastic in his personality.

The kids in Greg's extended family shadowed their parents.

His 18 year old sister Jenna – just finished her HSC – was quiet and reserved by nature, pretty, slim figured and with small triangular shaped breasts. She was like a younger not fully ripened version of her mother.

The aunt's children were in a different league. In the case of the daughters you could see they were based on their father's genes. Quite attractive, they had their fathers more solid figure; more busty, curvy and overtly sexual than ran in my or Greg's immediate family. They were also more outgoing; not as bombastic as their father but I didn't doubt they'd been a handful as teenagers. Their younger brother had more of his mother in him and was superficially similar to Greg, but didn't seem as sweet or kind as Greg. 

The families had agreed not to exchange presents, so each family had their own gift giving before they came to lunch. However, soon after we arrived Greg pulled me aside and gave me one he'd bought for me; a waterproof pocket digital camera with still picture and video mode together with a high capacity SD card. I loved it and as he'd pre-charged the battery immediately took it out to take photographs of the day.

Modesty prevents me telling you what I bought him but rest assured he loved that too.

Christmas lunch was had on long trestle tables set up on the back lawn facing the river; a glorious setting on a day when the weather was perfect for an outdoor lunch by the water. The food was plentiful and delicious and the hot weather encouraging somewhat of an overindulgence in drink for those who weren't the designated drivers.

After lunch everyone decided to go for a swim. The backyard of Greg's family's house ended in a sea wall that dropped down to a sandy beach on the river. A jetty extended from one corner out into the river, at the end of which was tied up an open inflatable outboard powered small boat. The beach itself shelved gradually into deeper water. With an incoming tide and no heavy rain for weeks to stir up silt, the river was crystal clear, the sandy bottom of the river being visible even in the deepest water at the end of the jetty.

The kids were all dressed in their swimmers in no time; indeed since most of the girls had come in bikinis under a skirt or dress and the boys with boardies as shorts, most were pre-dressed. The girls were all in string tie bikinis; although my pants, like those of Jenny's were low waisted pantie style without tie sides. There's something about this town that seems to encourage full breasted girl to choose undersized bikini tops; a trend followed by the Aunt's daughters.

All the guys except Greg had boardies on, whereas Greg wore one of my favourite of his many pairs of speedo like swimmers

As a pack the kids all ran down the end of the wharf and dived into the water; swimmingly around meaninglessly. The parents in their own time got changed and joined us in the water, where they splashed about for a bit before exiting to find somewhere nice inside the house to fall into their post Christmas lunch food coma.

That left four guys and four girls all around 20 so it wasn't surprising that the game quickly developed where the girls sit on the guys' shoulders and you joust with each other to tip the girls into the water.

I thought it would be amusing to have my new camera on my wrist running in video mode as we played the game. I found I could hold it between my thumb and forefinger to shoot without being too handicapped in my wrestles with the other girls; albeit while actually wrestling I mainly ended up with close up shots of bikini tops and shoulder skin.

For about five minutes we played the game conventionally. Then at a time I was locked in a struggle with Jenna and Phil I suddenly I heard Jenny let out a -

"Don't!" 

Which was quickly followed by a squeal. Her sister had ripped her bikini top off and thrown it away. For a moment she wrestled on unperturbed before Zoe managed to topple her off Brad's shoulders and into the water. As I watched, Steve and Zoe then turned and started to make a bee line to where Jenna and I were still engaged in our match.

Ignored for a moment, Jenny came up behind Zoe and started pulling all the strings on her bikini, causing her previously tightly tied top to fly forward off her not insignificant breasts. Squealing and saying stop, Zoe was always one step behind trying to recapture each knot until Jenny managed to untie both pants knots too, leaving the pants in place only by virtue of being held on by Steve's shoulders.

Brad quickly picked up on what was going on to also pull Steve's board shorts down around his knees. Steve, suddenly rendered immobile by the entanglement around his knees toppled forward, throwing Zoe into the water, causing her pants to come away and float off with the tide.

From the first squeal Jenna and I had stopped actually trying to push each other off and the two of us with our partners just stood there balancing each other watching the scene unfold in front of us – my camera still running.

Zoe emerged naked from the forward dive she'd taken as Steve toppled face down, looked around and started moving in on Jenny while Steve was still lying in the water trying to pull his pants back up. By the time he'd finished, Zoe and Jenny were engaged in a spirited wrestle as Zoe kept making lunges for Jenny's bikini bottoms. Brad decided discretion was the better part of valour and kept out of the tussle between the sisters.

Steve had no such reservations, coming around behind Jenny and unchivalrously holding her with his arm wrapped around her naked breasts while Zoe slid her bikini bottoms off to the accompaniment of Jenny's squeals and none too persuasive cries of –

"Nooooo!" 

As soon as Zoe had her pants off, Steve dropped Jenny and moved in on Brad looking to pay him back. The naked girls by now had lost any sense of team spirit and as Zoe and Steve wrestled with Brad and held him by the arms, Jenny actually applied herself enthusiastically and with little care (or maybe a great deal of care depending on how you look at it) as to where her hands went to the task of pulling his pants right off his legs. To compound his embarrassment, as Brad's body broke the surface with the force of Jenny's final pull it disclosed he'd grown a now fully exposed boner; Zoe had noticed it before it broke the surface and positioned herself to circle it with her fingers and hold it up with a squeal of –

"Hey everyone look at this." 

Which produced merriment, jibes and clapping from the other three and a deeply blushed face on Brad.

Like a shark feeding frenzy the group then turned on the only one of the four still clothed and wrestled Steve's boardshorts off too; although by this stage I suspect Steve was enjoying himself in amongst the naked girls and being the least modest of our family offered only token resistance to the efforts of Jenny as she pulled his pants off his legs too while he was held by Brad and Zoe.

Jenna and I and our mounts had been happy enough to laugh along with the others at the game so far; although in the back of my mind I guessed we weren't going to remain spectators for long. I looked at Jenna. 

"Are they going to come for us too?"

"I don't know about Brad and Steve, but I know Zoe and Jenny are going to come for Phil and me."

Already Greg and Phil were backing slowly off into the deeper water as the four others started wading menacingly towards us. Still mounted with girls on the boy's shoulders, we were sitting ducks. Greg called for me to hold my breath as he fell backward, allowing me to float off his shoulders and placing me furthest from the action about to occur; in water deep enough I couldn't touch the bottom. So while treading water I decided the best thing I could do was just keep filming.

Phil and Jenna were caught with her still mounted on his shoulder. Zoe and Jenny moved around behind them and started undoing all Jenna's bikini string ties, Jenna not having enough hands to resist them and always being one step behind in trying to recapture whichever knot had just been pulled. They pulled her top completely off before trying to upend her off Phil; but Phil had been holding her by the feet. When he started to defend himself against the actions of Brad and Steve in going for his pants, he did so with an elbow still hooked around one of her ankles.

So instead of a clean backward flip, Jenna was momentarily left upside down along Phil's back, head curled forward to keep her face above the water, exposed breasts wobbling up and down near the waterline, her pants resting limply on Phil's shoulders instead of around her crutch and one leg over his shoulder and one leg askew until her leg finally freed itself letting her spear vertically head first towards the bottom. When she put her arms down to break the fall it left her briefly in a handstand position with her crutch still clear of the water, before she final capsized and fully immersed herself. This inelegant slow motion dismount gave everyone a long clear look at Jenna's wiry, honey blond rug of pubic hair shaved neatly to the bikini line; in contrast to her cousins' landing strip and Brazilian. At least the hair hid some of the more intimate details of her anatomy, which even as it was could be view in some gynaecological detail.

Phil in turn had been caught by my brothers with Jenna still on his shoulders, so was easy prey for Brad and Steve and they pulled his boardies down his legs, losing them completely as the boys inverted him legs and lower torso in the air, head under water, after Jenna was off.

By now, amongst all the squeals, laughter and token resistance the whole thing had developed an inevitable "you're all losing your swimmers" atmosphere which made it hard to know what to do. 

Greg was standing between me and the group. If he moved it left me as next in line, so he could do little but stand his ground. I knew I could have just swam out of reach and maybe even come back in further up the beach and exited the water; but it seemed something of a wet-blanket thing to do.

I thought it would be my brothers that made the first move on Greg, but it was actually his female cousins. Jenny held him from behind with an arm around his chest, while Zoe stood in front of him as she tried to undo his swimmers. Since both the girls were standing neck deep they weren't exactly in a position to exert much force against Greg. But I think like me he'd decided it was best just to let it happen and in any case it wasn't in his nature to put up forceful resistance against the girls, so Greg sort of passively accepted his fate.

Because they were only just tall enough to keep their heads out of the water, the girls of necessity had to stand very close to Greg; Jenny behind maintaining a token hold with what looked to me as though she had the full length of her body in contact with him. Zoe jiggling around in front was trying to get his swimmers down. I could see the largish breasts of both of them were dancing up and down on Greg's back and chest as the girls moved around a bit with the occasional wave or in the case of Zoe, just as she went about her task. And I was fairly sure there was a lot more contact that that happening under the water. I actually found it a bit confronting to see Greg sandwiched between two naked girls in this way even if they were his cousins.

Of course speedos are a lot harder to get off in that situation, since you need to undo and then actually loosen the waist tie before then can be persuaded to come down. Zoe seemed to spend an inordinate amount of time fumbling with his waist tie, the deep water forcing her to stand right up next to him jiggling about and holding her chin up under his just so her hands were able to reach to his waist. Finally I saw movements suggesting she was trying to ease his pants down his legs as far as she could without putting her face in the water. Then she inverted herself; her bare arse under Greg face, the back of her legs lying along the surface of the water, the whole lot moving about as she struggled with the pants. Coming up for air, she completed her tusk with a final duck dive, finally resurfacing with the pants held triumphantly aloft to loud applause from everyone else, before flicking the swimmers toward the shore. Once he was naked, the whole group grabbed Greg, lifted him horizontally over their head for a moment to make sure he was adequately exposed and cast him shoreward to remove the last barrier between me and the group.

As soon as Zoe disposed of Greg's swimmers and had a good perve at his body as the others lifted him up, she started swimming out to me. As he resurfaced, Greg looked at me for some signal as to what he should do. With a wave I indicated I too was willing to just go with it. When she reached me she grabbed a hand and started dragging me back to the waiting throng now standing in a line in chest deep water. Clearly I could have just swam away, but instead I used my free arm to do a one sided breast stroke assisting the process back to the shallower water.

Suddenly a multitude of hands were all over me. My bikini top quickly disappeared and I last glimpsed it arching towards the beach. Then I was lifted completely out of the water crowd surfing over the heads of Jenny, Zoe, Brad and Steve while Phil pulled my bikini pants down my legs, before I was toppled head first back into the water near where Greg still floated. Although more reserved than his sisters, I suspected the fact I was the only unrelated female in the group gave Phil special interest in being the one to claim my pants.

I'd kept the camera running throughout the whole exercise. Until Zoe had come for me I'd even managed to mostly point it in the right direction; although while treading water I often had it immersed. Once I was the victim I rather lost focus on where it was pointing even though just to keep it safe I'd continued to hold it between my thumb and forefinger; but I did sense someone turning my wrist with the object of ensuring I was filming a selfie of my own undressing somewhere in amongst the groping that had accompanied it. It was only that awareness that reminded me to turn the camera off as I came back to the surface afterwards 

I wasn't really sure what was expected to follow this mass stripping. Nakedness – except with Greg – is not my thing. While I was still in deep water I wasn't too worried. Although it would have been unthinkable two months ago, I could now even tolerate the thought of my breasts being exposed to this group; brothers notwithstanding. But I was keen to get my bikini pants back on as soon as I could and with as little additional exposure as possible. In part watching the cousins' bikini parts drift rapidly away with the tide and in part my own discomfort with nakedness had caused me to be hyper-aware of where my bikini parts had ended up as they were displayed and thrown around by my strippers. I also had a fair idea where Greg's pants had landed.

I managed to whisper to Greg –

"Does this happen every year?". 

"No, only when you and your brothers are here".

"What do we do now?"

"I don't know I've never been in this situation before; get dressed again I suppose" 

And yet it just didn't seem that simple. My brothers and the female cousins seemed in no hurry to get dressed again; they didn't even seem too concerned by the fate of their swimmers. I'm quite happy to think independently and act on my own in a group situation if I think something is important. Two months ago my present nakedness would have been in that category. Now for all my discomfort, it no longer seemed important enough to once again be the wet blanket amongst other people's fun. Still I had a strong desire to at least get my bottoms back on.

As I was talking to Greg, I looked down through the water to see if he was aroused by the situation. I can't say I was unaffected by it; especially standing next to Greg as I was. When I saw he wasn't I think I may even have been a little disappointed. Until now I'd had absolutely nothing to compare Greg against. Seeing Brad aroused had given me the impression Greg fared more than flatteringly well by comparison. Of course maybe Brad's wasn't full on, but it looked it, especially in the way it reacted to Zoe's provocation.

Given how jealous I'd been about my brothers' active sex lives compared to my virginal status – even if it was self-imposed – I think I almost would have like to point it out to my brothers and say –

"Hey, mine's bigger than yours!" 

Which really just shows again how possessive I felt about it.

As the youngest, Jenna - bless her heart - broke the 'what to do now' ice by diving down to collect her pants from where she'd seen them sink; her cute naked small pale skinned bum breaking the surface momentarily as she started the dive. Then she quickly tied them back on. Her top, having been padded, had stayed on the surface and was thus more vulnerable to the tidal flow. It had gone missing. Jenna's action let Greg breaststroke up to the shallow water where both our pants had landed near each other and retrieve them. He couldn't see my top; although I was aware it was safely lying in a lump on top of the sea wall

Ignoring the actions of Jenna, Greg and myself, my brothers and Greg's cousins undertook a token search for their swimwear, threw what bits they found onto the beach and simply went back to playing the jousting game the whole thing had started with; now naked. Although Jenna was a bit concerned about her missing top, Phil even persuaded her to join in too – while he joined the rest in not bothering to re-dress. As she prepared to mount Phil I noticed Jenna put a double knot in her bikini bottom ties.
