 Foreword

These stories are based in Australia and written in the idiom the characters would use. I know from previous comments many readers have enjoyed that very aspect of it. Some issues in language variations I anticipated and built translations into my narrative, others – especially on this site - have caught me by surprise especially in their intensity. 

Crutch/crotch has caused an awful lot of hassle. But the Macquarie Dictionary defines a mean of crutch as "the crotch of the human body". "Crutch" is most commonly used in Australia and to our (my) ears, crotch has a harsher (unintended) tone. 

For the rest, if your usual meaning doesn't make sense, the intuitive substitute will generally be right. 

This particular chapter may not suit those just looking for a quick and dirty read. It focuses more on relationship and character development for the benefit of future stories. Still, it's sexy enough.

Story

On an extended holiday Karen has fallen for a local guy and given him her virginity...

It all went swimmingly until the second Sunday after we'd meet. 

Our country friends had come down for breakfast, so I'd arranged to come down and join Greg at his lifesaving duties after they'd gone. As I tromped along the beach to the lifesaver area, I could see Greg and one of his fellow lifeguards standing alongside each other deep in conversation as they kept lookout. Except this was no ordinary lifeguard. It was Kate. 

I'd met Kate the previous week and had thought even then that she was a formidable girl. She and Greg had gone to school together and she also was an iron man – or is that iron woman - competitor. Like Greg she was home for the University holidays; she was studying law at ANU. All of which was bad enough, except she was also gorgeous in the most overtly sexual way. She had a booty that left mine to shame and breasts that were an eyeful all built on an abnormally slim frame. Even though women's lifeguard swimwear is normally designed for security not show, Kate somehow managed to wear hers with an impressive display of cleavage and high cut legs that folded into the back of her swimmers neatly along her bum crack. From that and the perpetual camel toe she displayed, I can only guess that it was three sizes too small,

Anyway, as I approached along the beach toward the lifesaver area, I could see Greg and Kate standing side by side keeping watch but also engaged in spirited conversation. Kate of course was in full display mode; how she managed to make those unsupported D cups defy gravity while at the same time maintaining a washboard flat stomach I don't know. As she spoke she wore that knowing smile on her unreasonably pretty face. 

If I'm fair I can't hold any of that against her – that's what she was born with (maybe other than the swimwear three sizes too small). 

What I was reacting to was a very strongly feeling she was flirting with Greg. As they spoke she was twirling her hair with one of her hands and as they shared a joke, she first put a hand on his shoulder before giving him a gentle nudge with her hips. And I'm sure I saw her give his body a long downward scan. 

Greg, to be fair, seemed oblivious to all this as his eyes just scanned the water for potential trouble. What he didn't yet know was that the real potential trouble was walking toward him. 

My stomach turned itself in to a knot. Every vulnerability I felt about my relationship with Greg suddenly confronted me. Never before had I even felt the sense of inadequacy about my appearance that seized me as I sized up what I was up against in Kate. Even as the more rational side of me said my best approach was simply to be myself and assume everything would be OK, my mood went uncontrollably black.

When Greg saw me, he gave me a big smile and waved. I saw the look of concern that came over him when I didn't respond. Excusing himself he came bounding over to me

"Hi Karen, are you OK?"

"Yes!", although my tone made sure that came across as an outright lie

"Karen, what's wrong?"

"Nothing!"

"Karen, what's bothering you?"

"You when you keep asking me what's wrong!"

By now we'd reached the place where I usually set up when Greg was on duty, so I threw my bag down, spread a towel and plonked myself unceremoniously on it. Greg sat alongside, stunned in to silence. I was struggling with my emotions. I knew it was silly to punish Greg in this way. Even if I was locked in a life and death battle with Kate, I was hardly helping my case by treating Greg like this. I just hadn't had time to process things and get myself under control.

As I looked up I saw Kate turn around and she gave me one of her unreadable smiles. I didn't know if it was the smile of an intending victor over her vanquished foe, the smile of someone trying to make a friend or the evil smile of a devious conniver wondering who the physio-bitch behind her was. Either way, it just made me more uncertain and angry. Against all my usual instincts, I actually wanted to leap the lifeguard windbreak and scratch her eyes out; but even through my distress I was rational enough to recognise that she was bigger and stronger than me and she'd probably beat me to a pulp. 

For a moment I even wondered if that would earn me sympathy points from Greg.

"Karen, I can see something's wrong and I don't know what it is. I've really got to be on duty, so I'll have to leave you for a while. If I've done anything wrong, please just let me know so I can rectify it. I'll try a get a longer break when I can to see what I can do for you"

With that he had to return to his duties, standing once again next to Kate. However, apart from exchanging a few initial words, I could see that my behaviour had put a chill on their previously light-hearted conversation.

My problem was this relationship had all happened so fast. I had just sort of gone with the flow of my emotions and assumed everything would be OK. But I really didn't know for absolutely sure where I stood with Greg. I knew I dominated his free time and I knew he wanted to be with me; but did I own him? Does having sex with someone every day for nearly two weeks give you exclusive rights to him? Greg had networks in this town I knew nothing about. How did he feel about me? How does any guy resist a girl like Kate? I had just wanted to put my arms around him and tell him of my undying love for him, but after this short a period that seemed like a very high risk thing to do – a risk I'd been unwilling to take.

Greg continued to turn around and look at me occasionally; maybe looking for some sign my mood was improving. Now I'd backed myself in to a corner of mistreating him, it was hard to even just give him a reassuring smile.

Gradually I calmed down and got a better perspective on things. Whatever Kate had been up to Greg had just been his normal easy-going Greg. I'd seen no evidence he was encouraging her and the reality was he'd been as keen to give me all his free time as I'd been to receive it. While I had no intention of giving Kate any room to work some evil spell on him, I soon realised that my biggest immediate problem was my own poor behaviour.

To give me a circuit breaker, I went up and brought some ice-creams from the shop at the back of the beach. I got 3; one for Kate as well. If nothing more I'd make sure she got fat! Then I went down and gave one to each of Greg and Kate, whispering to Greg that I was sorry and I'd had a bad morning.

The walk also gave me a chance to recover my composure, so by the time I'd got back with them I was something closer to my normal self; I hope I'd even managed to give Kate her ice-cream accompanied by something like a normal smile instead of the gritted teeth I'd might have used just a little while before. 

Fortunately by the middle of that day things had returned to normal. I tried to act like nothing had happened and Greg was willing to play along with that. After he finished his shift on duty, I even managed to lead him up to our place on the beach and seduce him. But in the back of my mind, I knew there was some unfinished business. Eventually we needed to talk.

 

It was shortly after that - about three and a half weeks in to our relationship – that my parents planned a fancy dinner at one of the better restaurants in town and invited Greg along. To match the occasion I had worn a nice low fronted red cocktail dress. I'd chosen one of my sexiest pair of panties to go with it. There was no question of wearing the matching bra as, split to just above the navel at the front, the dress wasn't really cut to facilitate one. Some Hollywood tape might have been in order, but I didn't have any and didn't really care if Greg got a peak anyway as long as the whole thing didn't fall out in front of my family. Greg also had made the effort to dress, wearing slacks and a button up shirt in lieu of his usual shorts and T Shirt. He even wore shoes.

As was our habit, we'd gone for a walk along the beach afterwards. In this case it was after sunset, but a bright full moon made it a very romantic setting. I don't think we set out on the walk just to have sex; initially we just walked hand in hand along the water's edge admiring the night and enjoying the small talk as the offshore breeze wafted the beautiful scent of the wild jasmine from the bush. 

But not every time did our hands swing neatly between our bodies. Sometimes a wayward swing would finish by brushing lightly against one of our crutches. Sometimes as I held his hand in both of mine, the natural resting place for our combined fist was at my crutch. Each brush aroused me more or communicated to me all too clearly his state of arousal. Eventually I could feel the gossamer material of my panties plastered to the valley of my crutch by my body's wetness. His shaft was tenting out the front of his pants and when the back of my hand happened to brush against it; the erection's ungiving firmness told me all I needed to know. 

Finally, we couldn't keep our hands off each other any longer. We turned and embraced; a moment later Greg had sensuously slipped one shoulder out of my dress, the deeply plunging split front leaving me naked me to the waist on that side, his hand gently caressing the exposed breast. Instantly I unzipped his pants, pulled aside his undies and wrapped my fingers around his manhood. Leaving the breast alone just long enough to place both hands under my bottom and lift me off the ground Greg carried me the short distance across the soft sand to a spot closer to the line of bush. 

Then like carnivores at a carcass, we completed the process of ripping each other's clothes off; Greg slowing just a moment to admire my sexy undies before they too gave me up to nakedness. 

The sex, when we got down to it was passionate, physical and beautiful.

After we'd finished, Greg was lying on the sand and I was lying perpendicular to him with my head on his chest. We were both still naked. As he was prone to do when we were post colitis like this, Greg was absent mindedly stroking one of my nipples with his fingers as we lay there each in our own thoughts. I don't think he understood how that tended to stir me up again.

"Karen"

"Yes"

"Would you mind if I told you how much I love you?"

The words hit me like a hammer. I climbed on top of him, laying along his body my legs astride his and looked him in the eyes. "No. How much?"

He put his arms around me. "A lot. An awful lot."

I felt a wave of emotion. Planting my face in his I gave him a deeply penetrating kiss. I could feel his body respond to the physical contact; a growing erection pressuring in to my crutch. My own response was matching his. 

"Why did you think that I'd mind?"

"Karen, our relationship has become incredibly important to me. I didn't want to threaten it by saying something that made you feel you had to pull back if you didn't feel the same way."

"But I do feel the same way about you. More than you could know" 

"Well you don't know how happy you've made me by saying that"

"Greg, from the first day we've meet I've completely fallen for you. You were even so patient and understanding about me being a virgin and what a sex fiend I seem to have become since then"

"You weren't the only one who was a virgin that day"

"What? You did a pretty good job of making me feel as though you knew what you were doing"

"Ah well, a bit of bluff and reading your sisters Cleo magazines will get you everywhere. Plus towards the end you were pretty good about making it clear what you wanted. About as far as I'd gone before meeting you was sticking my hand down a bra. When you said you were a virgin I nearly blurted out there and then I was too, but stopped myself because I thought it would be uncool. 

It was only by accident that I first started stroking your crutch; I'd never have had the courage to premeditate that on the day I meet you. In fact it was only because you'd kissed me first I was brave enough to kiss you back. Anyhow, you handled yourself pretty well for a virgin too"

"Why, was I scary?"

"No but I was completely afraid of stuffing it up. All I really wanted was to be able to ask you out again. I don't think I've told you that I've fancied you from the first day you walked in to class. It's really hard for a guy, you can lose a girl by being too aggressive, but you can lose one by being too shy too. If at any stage you'd have said 'that's enough' that would've been OK by me, but had I offended you by being too pushy, you might not have wanted to see me again"

I had to lift my hips up off him to let his erection settle down under me. I would have liked him inside me, but I would have needed to fit a condom to do that and I didn't want to spoil the moment. 

"Just out of interest, how did you accidentally start stroking my crutch?"

"I'd pulled my hand away to swat a march fly on my bum. I thought I'd brought it back on to your outer thigh. I wasn't at first sure what it was I'd come up against. 

In fact had I realised straight away it was your crutch I probably would've pulled my hand away with an apology. But in the second or two it took for the penny to drop, I realised you weren't objecting. Then I felt how aroused you were and it all sort of went from there. I thought I was being incredibly brazen when I started undressing you, but figured if I took it step by step you'd let me know if I was going too far. Even then if you hadn't mounted me, we probably would have finished after you came. I took your virginity answer to be a no."

So spreading my legs apart had completely changed the course of our relationship. 

"How come you didn't chat me up in class?"

"I thought at least one of the guys you were with might have been your boyfriend. In any case with them there it was really hard to get to meet you without being really obvious. I thought of you then, as I do now, as this completely gorgeous stunningly attractive unapproachable woman who must have guys trying to crack on to her all the time. Unless I had a chance to get to know you as a friend first, I figured you'd hardly be likely to give me the time of day if I pranced up, interrupted your conversation and invited you out" 

"Wow, flattery will get you everywhere; although I think you underestimate yourself. No, they're just friends. What about the girl you always sat with?"

"Emma, also just a friend"

I really did want him inside me. Sitting up on his thighs, I reached a condom out of his pants pocket, fitted it and inserted him. These days it seemed all such a natural thing to do I didn't even feel I had to explain. But I didn't want to go at it; I just wanted him there while we talked. Just the slightest bit of occasional back and forwards movement was enough to keep us at peak arousal.

"Greg I actually fell madly in love with you the moment I saw you coming out of the water? Something hit me like a bolt of lightning. It was like you'd shot me with some sort of hormone gun and you then completely seduced me with your smooth talking on the walk?" I wasn't going to tell him I had deliberately knocked him off the log.

"Well since all our secrets are coming out, I nearly had to chase after you to say hello because I was so transfixed by the beauty floating past me. I recognised you straight away, but was in something like a state of shock."

"Greg, what first attracted you to me in class"

"How many compliments do you want?"

"No, I'm actually wanting to know what attracted your attention. After all there were other pretty girls in the class and some of them certainly had bigger tits than mine"

"You girls do have a dim view of guys if you think we just judge a girl by the size of her tits. Well I suppose it's your smile more than anything else that captivated me across a room and every time you said anything in the class you just seemed like such a nice person; although the fact the smile was attached to a damn pretty body sure multiplied its effect"

That surprised me. I always thought guys went for boobs or pretty faces. 

"Why my smile?"

"It just sort of lights up the room. I think of it as a million watt smile. That first day you said hello, the smile as you approached me had already made my day. It just puts a happiness in the air; announces to the world what a wonderful joyful person you are and makes me want to be with you. Why do you think I hate it when I do something wrong and upset you and lose the smile? Mind you, smile or not I think your one hell of a sexy woman and your body is well capable of attracting my attention all by itself."

"When did you think I was upset with you?"

"The previous Sunday when you came down the beach and were grumpy with me for a couple of hours"

Naturally I would have preferred he'd forgotten about that morning 

"Sorry about that day. What would you have done if I'd had a horrible personality; do looks make up for personality?"

"No way! I know girls think guys make every judgement with their eyes, but it's not that simple. Sure looks can influence the initial judgement on whether to initiate contact, but the second a girl opens her mouth, everything is rejudged. If she strikes you as nice, she suddenly looks a whole lot more attractive; if she sounds like a bitch, then even the prettiest girl can suddenly appear fairly ordinary. Once you're in love with her, then she's the prettiest girl in the world."

"How much did you look at me in class?"

"It was hardly going to help my case to be caught perving, was it? You were certainly a major distraction, but I couldn't be caught making too much of a point of it"

"That depends. Were you perving or expressing interest in me with your eyes? The second one can work wonders"

"My suspicion is the difference between perving and expressing interest probably depends on the girl's impression of the guy. If she doesn't like the look of him then he's perving anyway. Still, there were certain other of your charms that caught my attention that were certainly in the perving category"

"Ah, so now the secrets really come out. What were they?"

"You've got to be kidding! A mini skirt and low cut T Shirt on a body like yours. You forget I usually sat opposite you. Do you have any idea how distracting it is to think you I might just have been able to get a glimpse of the colour of your panties? I know in a way it's silly. Every day at the beach I get to look straight up the crutches of hundreds of girls lying on the beach covered only by a tightly fitting bikini bottoms and don't get that excited by it. Call it a pantie and put a mini skirt over it and suddenly it's the most compelling sight in the world – maybe other than a down blouse. Mind you, you must have been well brought up. Even though you wore some short skirts, I rarely got a pantie peek" 

