 This follows on from the "My first time story". After making out Karen and Greg have gone down to the water.

By the way, in response to a couple of comments, I need to point out that in Australia "Crutch" is more often used rather than "Crotch". Evidently that's not the case in the US. Still, "root", "thong" and "fanny" all have different meanings for us too.

Now where was I; Ah yes, back to the story...

*****

I can't say we did much actual swimming over the next half hour. Kissing, cuddling and playing in the water would be a better description. Greg no longer felt any need to hide his erections; and in fact he was aroused for most of the time we were in the water together. Given the degree of contact I was having with him -- including sticking my hand down his swimmers and playing with his shaft -- I might have been a bit disappointed if I wasn't getting a reaction.

He wasn't to know just how aroused I was. The feminine wetness of my crutch when he put his hand there was undetectable while we were swimming, and in the cool water even my hard nipples were ambiguous. Still, I was aroused. Very aroused. And come to think of it, my behaviour alone probably gave me away.

I am sure I am not alone in having acquired -- as I've already revealed - a number of fantasies when I first started to mature sexually. On the whole they are just harmless ideas that give you an abstract context in which to think about sex. In most of them I am the one firmly under control. But there was one exception; originally stirred up by a scene of a very old movie called 'From Here to Eternity" or something like that where a couple make love on the beach while waves wash over them. It was one of my more idealised fantasies; the sort you never really think they can become real, but as I'd set out down to the water with Greg it had occurred to me that just maybe I could make this one come true.

As we drifted in to shallower water, I increased my contact with Greg, until the water was shallow enough that I could lie on top of him in a full kissing embrace while still having a reasonable chance of not drowning him. Then by rolling us over a couple of times, I managed to work us in to water that permitted Greg to lie with his back on the sand but still have his stomach above the water; naturally with me on top of him. There still wasn't much in the way of wave action. The water was generally flat with only the odd small wave set coming through requiring Greg to lift his head or hold his breath while the waves washed over us pushing us about a bit. 

Greg was fully aroused. It was still captured by his swimmers. Originally I could feel his engorged cock pushing hard up in to my lower stomach and pubis as I lay on top of him, but by moving just a little higher on him, I brought the tip of it pointing firmly in to my crutch where, with just a little bit of movement while we were kissing, I could work it against my clit. 

I looked up and down the beach to see if anyone else was nearby. I put my mouth to Greg's ear "Would you like to go again?"

"Do you mean what I think you mean?"

"I mean right where we are"

"What about a condom?"

I lifted up my hand to show him the back of my wrist where a condom was slipped under the band of my watch.

"You're just like your mother -- smart and plan for everything aren't you?"

I took that as a yes, so I floated myself down so my head was level with his cock and flipped his swimmers off it. Then I unwrapped the condom and rolled it on to him -- trying to protect it from the water as I did as I wasn't sure what effect it would have on it. Bringing my pussy back up over his cock, I pulled the crutch of my bikini to one side to expose myself and eased myself on to him.

I still had the sensation of being stretched as he entered me but because I knew what to expect and I was still able to control the rate of entry, the pleasure was no longer diluted by any anxiety as I buried his shaft up to the balls inside me. And so for only the second time in my life I had this fantastic experience of having another person deep inside me.

Before getting too carried away, I wanted to make sure my body had fully adjusted to this thing within, so I worked it in and out for a bit while lying on top of him; avoiding any contraction of my pelvic floor but taking the opportunity to give my clit plenty of stimulation against his pubis while I was at it. While I could have easily brought myself to a powerful climax just doing that, it would have missed the real point of the fantasy. I wanted to be taken; to feel a powerful man on top of me, having his way with me and making love to me here by the water's edge. To just for the moment play the innocent helpless female succumbing to a man's needs. Greg was more than enough man for that purpose, but I didn't want him coming before my fantasy was fulfilled -- even if that meant forgoing my own climax.

I rolled us over putting him on top; my legs outside his. Then knowing he would be inhibited by my admission of virginity I wrapped my arm around his head, brought my mouth to his ear and whispered "go for it; I'll let you know if it hurts". I wanted his body surrounding me, engulfing me and penetrating me all at the one time, so I guided our mouths together and initiated a deep penetrating kiss while I felt his unyielding shaft start to work in and out of me; each thrust terminating in a sideways grinding motion as he tried to bring himself up against my clit. What he didn't know was that as I rolled over, the leg elastic of my swimmers had draped itself across my clit. As Greg thrust in and out it moved my swimmers in a way that stimulated it far more than Greg's grinding action was achieving. The issue for me wasn't so much going to be achieving an orgasm as delaying it.

Either side of my shoulders I sensed his muscular arms supported his weight while those pumped up chest muscles brushed against my nipples. He was doing well, but he was still thinking too much about me. I whispered again "faster and harder".

He responded; increasing his tempo. As I pinned his head to my face I could sense his bum rising and falling to provide the piston power which was forcing his shaft in to the deepest reaches of my body all the time stimulating me as the cloth moved against my most sensitive part. I opened my eyes so I could watch his face as his own excitement level increased. His strong arms were trying to lift his head and chest off mine; overcoming the iron grip I'd previously held on him. As he arched above me I could see the look of intense concentration on his face which only increased as I saw him look down at my breasts. I could feel my nipples engorged deeply in to the cool wetness of the material of the bikini top and knew there would be little left to the imagination in that area.

As he continued to thrust he bent in to me, pushed the material of the bikini top aside with his tongue and sucked the nipple deeply in to his mouth, swirling his tongue vigorously around. All the while the swollen nub of my clit was being massaged by Greg's movements driving me towards my impending orgasm.

I tried to slow it down; to delay the orgasm and enjoy the pre-orgasmic pleasures for as long as possible. But I couldn't. I just didn't have the experience to know how to do that. It washed through me and again I found myself thrusting my hips uncontrollably at Greg; grinding our crutches together except this time I had the additional pleasure of feeling the contractions of my vagina working against Greg's erection as our bodies were locked together by the shaft he had inside me.

Through this, even as I groaned out my orgasm and lifted both our bodies off the ground with my thrusting hips, Greg's thrusts continued regular hard and deep encouraged by the hands I had on his bum cheeks and sending my orgasm through successive stages of ecstasy. My fantasy was being fulfilled in spades. As I came down from my high I could open my eyes and I watched as his facial expression changed again; an almost vacant look came over it and I knew he was about to climax.

Before he did, one of those rare sets of waves started to wash over us. I lifted my own chest toward his to get my face above the water and wrapped my legs tightly around the outside of his as I felt the water start to push us about and roll us over. As all this happened Greg came; thrusting powerfully and almost uncontrollably in to me to the rhythm of his orgasm as we bound ourselves together through the turbulence of the waves. All the while moans of intense pleasure emanated from him. Even after the waves had passed and he was once again on top, little additional waves of pleasure washed through him as he almost shuddered within me

Eventually I knew he was spent. It seemed like all strength had escaped from his body -- like I was some Delilah character who had stolen a man's strength not by cutting off his hair but by draining his sperm. I held him tightly as he lay on top of me. I loved the sense of having him inside me and wanted to maintain the contact as long as I could. Had the tide come in at that moment, I doubt either of us would have had the strength to get out of its way. But finally Greg's erection lost its firmness and he needed to withdraw.

The time came for us to get up, tuck ourselves back in to our swimmers and head hand in hand back to where we'd left our gear on the beach. As I did so I was intensely aware of just how much my world had changed.