 I was in my first year at college, when some of my classmates told me about a party taking place that Friday night. My name is Dave. I am 6'2", 190 with brown hair. I do work out to keep in shape, and I guess the ladies find me attractive. I have never had problems getting dates or lovers. Having a big cock doesn't hurt matters either.

My dad once told me well hung men ran in the family. He wasn't lying in my case. When erect, my cock was a good ten inches long, and thick to match.

When we got to the party you could say I was disappointed. There were lots of sloppy drunk guys and girls. Don't get me wrong, I like a beer as much as the next person, but I hate people running into me and splashing beer all over. Those types were everywhere to be found.

I was able to find a spot on a couch and I sat down. I decided to just watch the crowd and sip my beer for awhile. It wasn't but a minute before I was joined on the couch. Her name was Tina.

Tina could be described as heavy set, probably fifty or sixty pounds overweight. What she had going for her was a pretty face and a friendly demeanor. We struck up a conversation easily. I found out Tina was in one of my classes, even though I didn't recall seeing her. She had long blonde hair that ran to the middle of her back.

All her body parts were big. Big tits, big thighs, and so on. As we talked I put my arm around her and I kissed her gently on the lips. Tina didn't object to that, and slid her tongue into my mouth. I started getting heated up, but this wasn't the place for that.

I asked her if she wanted to go back to my dormitory, and she said yes. As we entered my room, I flicked the lights on, but Tina turned them back off. The moonlight was just peeking through the windows. Just enough light to see what we were doing.

Tina slowly started to undo my pant, letting them and my underwear fall to the floor. She also pulled off my shirt. I was standing there naked, as Tina started to kiss down my chest. She worked her lips around my nipples and kept moving south. She got on her knees now, lifting up my cock to examine it.

"God, you are big, Dave!" "Mmmmmmm!"

Tina took my slab of meat and worked her lips and tongue all around me. She obviously had done this before. My hand went to the back of her head and I guiding her down onto my shaft. Tina was trying to take as much of me down her throat as possible, and she was succeeding.

No woman had been able to take my whole cock before this night. Tina had every inch gobbled up! I didn't want to cum quite yet, but Tina was bringing me close. I asked her to back off. She pulled her mouth away and I had her stand up. I stripped her clothes off now.

I have to admit, I wasn't used to seeing this type of body. Tina's boobs were enormous with giant nipples to match. She had big thighs and some rolls of fat around her tummy. Tonight I didn't care.

I pushed Tina over to the bed and had her lie down. There wasn't going to be any build up tonight. I was going straight for it. Tina must have sensed this, as she parted for me. We stared at each other for a moment, then I mounted her. Thank God I had a big pecker. Tina was able to inhale my cock in one smooth motion.

She was able to get her legs around my waist and pull me into her. It felt like a nutcracker! This was no holds barred lovemaking. We went at each other like two dogs in heat! I was ramming her with the deepest strokes I could make. Tina was loud in bed, screaming, begging, wanting more of me. I just hoped the dorm was empty that night. We were making a racket!

I had my face buried in Tina's chest. I was biting those huge nips and squeezing her melons as well. I whispered to Tina I was getting close to cumming. I was going to pull out and shoot all over her belly when that moment arrived.

Tina had other plans. Little did I know what kind of muscle control Tina had. She clamped those pussy muscles around my cock and squeezed me for dear life.

"Tina, let me pull out!" 

But Tina wasn't going to let that happen. She had her legs scissored around me and she wasn't going to let me pull free.

"I want all your seed, Dave, give it to me!"

I was too far gone at this point. I arched my back and blew wad after wad of hot cream into her belly. She had me completely controlled at this point. Tina was going to milk every drop out of me, and there wasn't a thing I was able to do about it.

After we finished Tina told me she always wanted to fuck a guy like me, a handsome man with a giant cock who would blow his load into her. I began to get worried because Tina said this was her chance to be made pregnant by a hot guy, so she took it.

God, was she ever right! Tina made me hard once more with her mouth, I couldn't resist her. She then mounted me and rode my cock. By this time I figured, what did it matter? I gave her more of my baby seed that night.

Now I am sitting here wondering how all this will play out. I will write more when I find out.