 FOREWORD

These stories are based in Australia and written in the idiom the characters would use. 

 Some issues in language variations I anticipated and built translations into my narrative. Others have caught me by surprise. Generally, the intended meaning will be clear from the context if you don't cling too tightly to your usual usage.

 Crutch/ Crotch has been a subject of much comment. Australians more commonly use 'crutch' and that meaning of the word is supported by the Macquarie Dictionary.

 STORY

Greg's cousins Zoe and Jenny had invited Greg and me, my brothers Steve, Brad and Greg's sister Jenna to an end of summer beach party at their family's lakeside retreat.

 Neither Greg nor I are ones to go in for large drunken parties. If they are likely to get out of control or drugs are likely to be part of them then we are even less interested; my own attitude to drugs being set by seeing my mother's brother having trashed his life after he was rendered psychotic by his use of dope. As mum always said, maybe it only has that effect on people with a vulnerable gene, but there's a good chance I've got it.

 As a couple we hadn't really been to a party; having declined the few invitations we'd received. Individually our attitudes were similar on the rare occasions we did go to one; get out when things turned drunk or out of control.

 These struck me as fairly wild girls and I was justified in wondering what sort of party this was going to be. Their lake house was in the country some way out of town and the fact it was a sleepover – even if justified by the danger of driving back late at night – only compounded our reservations. 

 The only thing which moderated them was the notation on the invitation

 "Invitees only. No exceptions. Please do not Facebook or publicise the party

No drugs or drug affected."

 Of course saying these things and enforcing it are two different things; although the distance from town and the fact that, without an address being given, you had to follow Zoe in her car to find the place probably helped a bit.

 Given their Christmas performance, I thought there was a good chance the beach part of the party was almost certainly going to end up with a lot of naked people. Once that would have been enough to stop me going. Now the thought tended to the positive side of the equation; I'd found the hormonal miasma that surrounded that Christmas both fun and exciting. Despite my previous discomfort with nakedness, I'd always been just a little bit jealous of friends who talked about parties where people got stripped and thrown in the pool; it sounded fun and exciting in a way that was previously beyond what I was brave enough to engage in. If that was the limit to the naughtiness then with Greg as my protector I found myself wanting to go.

 But I still had to factor in the probability that at the least there'd be a lot of drink there.

 After finding out that only a little over thirty people were invited, we finally decided to accept; and in doing that got ourselves involved in what would surely have to rate as the most bizarre, strange and sexually charged 24 hours of our lives..

 The invitation suggested people bring sleeping gear and tents for their sleepover if they didn't want to sleep on the floor of the house. Both Greg and I wanted somewhere to escape to if things went bad, and at a drunken party tents are really vulnerable to being trashed – usually with you in them. So our game plan became to take Greg's parent's large SUV put the back seats down flat and lay out a blow-up mattress, park it a bit away from the crowd and use that as a place to sleep and as a lockable bolt-hole if things got a bit out of control.

 Even on that basis Jenna didn't want to go. We let Steve and Brad make their own arrangements as they were as much a risk to us getting away with being boring as anyone else at the party. As someone else who had an invitation, we did however invite Kate to come with us, letting her know what our sleeping arrangements were going to be and finding out she planned to bring a tent. 

 Better still since Greg had been to family occasions there, he already knew where their lakeside retreat was and we didn't have to be part of Zoe's convoy. 

 Me being me, I did take some precautions based on my prior experience with these two girls. The bikini I wore was a nice one, but nevertheless expendable if it couldn't be found after the water games. I had been a bit creeped out by the way Phil had gawked at me while pantsing me on Christmas day so decided a string tie side was actually better than a full pantie. At least they came off with the minimum of fuss if it did come to that and could always be double knotted if they needed to be. Plus I packed a spare bikini in the back of the car so if the first ones weren't retrievable I'd have a backup, suggesting Greg do the same.

 By the time we arrived, Zoe's convoy had proceeded us; giving us the parking position furthest from the house that best suited our sleeping intentions. Even as we got out of the car the property looked spectacular. Standing alone, invisible from any other properties that might have been nearby, it was surrounded by massive gum trees. The property itself – and a good curtilage around it - had been cleared; the trees replaced by a beautifully manicured lawn which stood in stark contrast to the rough scrub which verged the roadside.

 In the front yard were a couple of tents already set up, so Kate went about setting up her little pup tent while we went through to the party

 The house itself was nothing more than a tidy compact two bedroom cottage which looked very small on the large block it occupied. It was simply furnished; although I noted a bowl of condoms stood prominently on the coffee table in the lounge room with another empty glass bowl next to it.

 Coming out of the back door you stepped onto a good sized timber deck and a step down from that was a nicely grassed backyard leading down to the lake. I was surprised to see a number of sun lounges widely spread around right out on the permitter of the property where they would be of little use to those joining in the main part of the party. Only much latter did the penny drop of why they were there.

 The party was already starting to warm up a bit, with everyone just in swimmers drinking and talking in the backyard by the lake and the BBQ just getting fired up to cook the sausage sizzle that was going to be passing for our dinner. 

 Zoe pointed out the spot just inside the door where everyone else had stacked their clothes and towels when they stripped down to swimmers, so we followed suit and joined the party; even if I was a bit miffed that Greg had wimped it and gone for the board shorts fashion dictated instead of the unfashionable speedos my lust preferred him in.

 The attendees seemed to divide evenly between boys and girls. For the most part they were good long term friends of Zoe, Jenny or in a small number of cases Phil; so everyone knew everyone else fairly well. Indeed I'd say Steve, Brad and myself were the only outsiders; in the sense of not being close friends of the group; although Greg and Kate went to a different school to Zoe so these kids were from a different circle to the one they normally circulated in. And my statement about Brad and Steve would have to be a qualified since I was fairly sure either Steve or Brad had at some stage during our holiday shared a bed with a reasonable number of the girls there.

 It started sensibly enough with good conversation and only slightly more than moderate drinking as we collectively cooked and ate dinner. And then, predictably for something titled a "beach party" and held on a warm summer's night Zoe – being the organiser she was - ensured we all ended up in the lake; no exceptions allowed.

 By then it was heading towards full dark on a night only softly lit by a quarter moon, so the only real light came from a pair of powerful spotlights mounted on the back of the house. While letting you see who you were talking to and where people were, they never the less created this eerie scene where every object or person was a combination of deep impenetrable shadows contrasting with brightly lit parts facing the light.

 When the party first moved into the water it was almost elegantly civilised, with most people sitting or kneeling in conversational circles on the sandy bottom up to their chest in the water still sipping from their drinks. There were even plates of finger food still being passed around. But then predictably Zoe started to liven things up, moving around taking people's drinks from them and organising them into the game of jousting that we were mucking around with on Christmas Day.

 Of course there was some commotion as both the guys and girls tried to pair themselves with someone they fancied. I was lucky I could just pair with Greg; even though I had a few optimistic guys try and hit on me to be their partner and one girl even had the impertinence to try and pair herself with Greg.

 At first there was just a lot of very good natured pushing and pulling as we all tried to tip other teams into the water in a general melee. As probably the tallest and skinniest couple you'd think we'd be at a bit of a disadvantage – height without inertia is not a good thing in keeping your balance in this game. Still we managed to keep our own; pushing as many over as we got pushed over ourselves.

 Of course I knew what was coming and I kept an eye on the interaction between Zoe and Jenny figuring that's where it all would start. So it caught me by surprise when, while wrestling with Kate sitting on the hunk she'd chosen for her partner I suddenly felt my bikini top strings being pulled. Automatically, as you do, I let out a squeal as I turned half around and found we were being set upon by Jenny sitting on Brad's neck. Brad already had Greg's shorts well down his thighs. I grabbed Jenny's bikini top string between the triangles and put the other arm around her back, looking for support as I also fumbled around for the knot. 

 By now she had both my pants knots untied too and Greg was immobile with his pants around his knees; unable even to turn to confront Brad. As Brad backed away, he pulled us off balance, pulling me tumbling back against Brad and Jenny; but because I had an arm around Jenny's shoulder and a hand clamped firmly on her bikini top string but my legs were still hooked over Greg's shoulders, I was for a moment suspended between the two. The mental picture flashed into my mind of Jenna at Christmas were she'd been suspended in a similar position with her pants untied, only her rug of pubic hair partly masking a prolonged detailed display of her gynaecological features. I was devoid of pubic hair and I could feel my pants weren't covering me, so just hoped the poor light would compensate. Brad continued to back off, eventually tipping Greg over too. As my full weight was applied to the arm around Jenny's shoulder and the hand around her bikini top string I eventually unbalanced Jenny and pulled her down with me.

 Naturally with all the strings untied both parts of my bikini simply floated of as I fell. I was determined not to be the only naked person in this group, so as we landed together in the water I was already wrestling about with Jenny, succeeding in untying the rest of her bikini. Meanwhile Greg had completely lost his pants to Brad; who finished by tossing them over his shoulder in the dark somewhere towards the shore.

 I figured Brad needed a quick payback, so ganged up on him with Greg to get Brad's pants off him; although I don't doubt he wished a woman other than his sister had claimed his pants. Jenny in the meantime had abandoned her partner to go after her sister Zoe. Zoe had heard the commotion made by me so knew she was coming, but a single person is more agile than a stacked couple and even with her partner helping defend her, Zoe's pants strings were soon untied and she found herself tipped off; whereupon Jenny completed the job. After that it was on for young and old. I was surprised how many, seeing what had happened simply joined in the process, immediately having a stripping wrestle with whoever they'd been engaged with. Others took a little longer to comprehend what was happening and like Greg and I at Christmas tended to stand back and watch, thinking it would all ignore them – which of course it didn't. But for the most part, the whole process spread out from Zoe and Jenny like a wave as those who had been stripped – not bothering to remount their partner - simply moved to the next couple and ganged up to strip them too.

 As for me I initially did a quick look for my bikini hoping at least to chuck it somewhere I could find it, but having been separated from it as I fell and then wrestled with Brad I quickly found I had no hope of finding it in the dark. And as more swimwear was floating about or could be felt underfoot the chance of identifying yours even if you brushed past something became next to nothing. Besides which this time I wanted to join in the fun.

 Because it was fun! It was fun tackling and stripping off both the girls and the guys. I was not by nature a tactile person. I didn't usually handle people; and especially in the extremely personal way you had to in order to get their swimmers off. This was all new to me. 

 Greg was my lover; stripping him one on one, was seriously sexual stuff, even if we were in a playful mood. That was different. OK so I'd had to strip Merc in the hogtie wrestle and Kate when she was sick, but that too wasn't the same – even though they had been strangely novel experiences at the time. That had also been serious; either competitively or in being concerned about Kate.

 This was more voyeuristic, in its extreme maybe the sort of playfulness I wished I'd been brave enough to do before I met Greg. Mind you without him being there as my protector I'm still not sure I'd be a willing participant least things got out of control in a way I couldn't deal with. Whatever it was it was an enormous turn on. In the end I actually managed to be the one who pulled the pants on two guys and a girl – well above my entitlement and that wasn't counting Brad or Jenny. And the degree of body contact – and by that I mean every part of the body – that you tend to have between you and the person you are stripping was something I found an enormous turn-on. I even got to watch one of the guys I stripped crack a boner as I peeled his pants off his legs. If Christmas had been a hormonal miasma, this was a hormonal soup. By the time I was finished I was so randy that if I could have just slipped off with Greg for a quickie, I would have. 

 I didn't detect anyone – and I suppose I'm talking mainly about the girls here – who seriously objected to the stripping process. There were squeals and brief cries of "don't"; but – without for a minute detracting from the attitude that no means no - they were more the sound you instinctively make when someone pulls your bikini ties rather than indicative of a determination not to participate. Some may have stood back until they were engulfed by the process, but by the time it caught them they were ready for it.

 But these were a less conservative type of young person compared to me. Three months ago I would have quickly got myself out of harm's way and probably screamed blue murder if I'd got caught up in something like this and in the process exempted myself from the fun and – I admit – hormonal excitement of participation. While Greg wasn't really all that different from me, with him and the experiences I'd had over the last few months it just all seemed natural.

 In the end no-one escaped. We all ended up naked and with no hope of finding our swimwear in the dark. That would have to wait until morning. For a while the game of jousting restarted this time a naked version, then about half an hour later the first naked figures started emerging from the water – probably looking for another drink.

 It didn't take long before a buzz came back to those in the water that attracted our attention. The clothes – clothes and towels – were all gone. In their place a note had been pinned on the door "Your clothes are safe. They will be returned in the morning". Great; a practical joker! Of course there was speculation and accusations about who it was and Zoe and Jenny had to be prime suspects. But everyone managed to deny it with a straight face. Most just got themselves a drink and didn't worry any more about it. Others went in search of the clothes; including a search of tents and car boots. But they weren't to be found.

 So it turned out that those who just got on with drinking weren't any worse off than those who'd spent time searching. As one by one we collected back on the deck out back, it presented a strange sight. I suppose it's what a nudist colony is always like, but you just had all these naked young people standing around talking and drinking, trying to pretend it was natural and not look silly doing it. Plus it was lucky it was such a warm night so that even the lack of towels for drying was little more than a minor inconvenience.

 That was helped a little by the light; or more specifically by the lack of it. Even up here on the deck those two spotlights and a bit of light spill out of the living room were the only sources of illumination. The parts of your body facing the light shone like beacons, the part facing away from it were in deep shadow and the features were barely discernable. So maybe it was not all that surprising that, without any fuss or apparent effort being made towards that end, nearly everyone in a conversation ended up facing away from the house; conversation circles being more in the shape of shallow arcs, with people bending their heads forward to talk to someone at the other end of the arc.

 If you were in an arc closest to the house then the view that presented itself to you looking down towards the water was a sea of bare bottoms. Of course if you needed to go into the house for a drink or something else you exposed yourself to the full glare of the house lighting; so maybe it wasn't surprising that no-one was actually loitering in the house.

 Still I did start to grow uncomfortable with the lack of any clothing. Even just pants would have been nice; after all my brothers were at this party too. At first I'd forgotten about my spare bikini in the car; but even when I remembered it, I was forced to confront the question of whether I wanted to be the only one with clothes. I was voluntarily part of this group, by the hand of fate (in the form of some joker) we were all naked; while I felt uncomfortable, should I turn myself into the only one who was not?

 Surprisingly Kate was the one who answered the question for me; suddenly appearing in a G String and cami, probably originally intended as sleeping attire. I have to concede they didn't hide much; the G String speaks for itself and the cami was so brief, plunging and loose that you only had to stand next to her to see everything that was otherwise hidden by it. Still Kate always keeps me guessing. I would have thought she was one of the least inhibited girls I knew. Certain anyone sitting on the beach on a big surf day while she's out can be fairly certain of getting a glimpse of her boobs and that's never seemed to bother her in the slightest, so I might have guessed nakedness wasn't a big deal to her.

 When Kate donning some extra clothes didn't seem to create any issue with the group it gave me the courage to give Greg a nudge and tell him I was going to get my spare bikini. He came along and put on his spares too; a pair of speedos covered by a brief loose very light pair of swim shorts. When we returned to the party it was at first as though nothing had changed. Once or twice we had to explain the lucky fact we'd had spares in the car, but that was all.
