 I love the feeling of a cock in my mouth. My favourite thing to do is to slide my mouth around a soft shaft and feeling it grow hard and long in my mouth. I love the feeling of your fingers knotted in my hair as I slide up and down your cock. My mouth is so warm, so wet and so tight. I try to swallow as much of you as I can but you are growing so big. The first taste of precum on the tip of my tongue and opening my mouth and tracing the head of it with my tongue. So delicious.

I love to cup your balls in my hand and squeeze them gently. I love to feel them tighten under my hand as my mouth draws you in and out. I let your cock pop out my mouth and replace with my hand. My hand slicks up and down your sweet shaft so wet because of my mouth and my thumbs brushes over the head of your cock. I lick between your balls your and gently suck one then the other into my mouth. I love the sound of you moaning as your enjoy the sensations. 

I release your cock and suck one of my fingers in my mouth making it very wet. I run it between your legs until I reach your asshole. My finger brushes over it and you arch up towards me. I know how much you love it. At first you were shy and maybe a bit nervous about admitting how much you loved it but now you want it. I slowly ease a finger up you letting you get used to it but soon I am deep inside you and touching you in the way you beg me to touch you. 

As I stroke you with my finger deep in your ass I take your cock back in my mouth. I am done teasing you as I suck you all the way into my mouth and slowly pull back my tongue tracing your shape. Up and down, up and down and up and down slowly. You look down to watch me. You are getting so turned on my mouth, my finger and my breast rubbing against your balls and your cock. Your fingers locked in my hair, and your hips arching up and off the bed. You fuck my mouth, hard and deep. You are so close and I am so ready to taste you. I want your creamy cum. You scream out my name as you shoot your cum into my waiting mouth. I love how you taste. You pull back to rub the remaining cum on my lips and my tongue licks you dry. Yummy... The best way to start the day.  

My finger pulls out of your ass. I love the satisfied smile on your face. I move up beside you and kiss you so your can taste yourself on my lips. Sucking your beautiful cock has made me so wet, so horny and I need pleasure. I pull on my nipples to make them hard. My fingers slide down my body, to my shaved pussy. I dip my fingers in and pull them out slick and wet with my cream. I taste amazing as my tongue licks the juices. I reach back down and slide my fingers over my clit feeling it grow hard. I stroke around it as it grows so sensitive. I rub above it with one hand and push my fingers of my other hand deep inside of me. I push them in and out and I am so wet that you can hear me finger fucking my pussy. I thrusting my hips up and down as I bring myself closer and closer to exploding. You shift around so you c an watch me. I love when you watch me masturbate. You encourage me by telling me to rub harder and to make myself cum. To explode and scream your name. 

You push a finger in my pussy to lubricate it and you slowly push it up my ass. This as you well know drives me insane. My juices are running out of my pussy and running down my ass, your finger and pooling on the sheets below. I arch up, scream out your name and you can feel me pulsating around your finger as I cum, and cum. 

You ease out your finger, and smile so sweetly at me. I think we need a shower and a good breakfast there is more to come on this day.