 You know, it is getting harder to think back all those years. What my emotions were. What I was thinking. It's a pity, because it was a milestone, the first big milestone in my life. It was the night I lost my virginity. There are times when the light flickers in a specific way or a man wears the cologne that my boyfriend Jay wore when a flood of memories return to me. I remember that it was a mid-summer night, and that I was at my boyfriend's house while his parents were entertaining their friends outside.

As I lay alongside Jay on his single bed, we could hear the tinkling of glass and intermittent bursts of laughter from just outside his bedroom window. Jay and I had been going out for only a few weeks, and as our relationship grew steamier, I had taken the opportunity to update my lingerie, purchasing lacy bra and panty sets that I had always wanted, but could never justify spending the money on. I remember I was wearing a tight, black button-through shirt and a long, flowing summer skirt, and underneath, I had chosen to wear a black satin and lace set, the fabric stretched tight across my silky smooth, 36D breasts.

Jay's birthday was in a few weeks' time, and we had planned to spend the weekend away at a cabin his parents had by a lake. Jay had already guessed that part of his birthday surprise was going to be me allowing him to be the one to take my virginity. It may have been because of this knowledge that Jay hadn't been pushing me for sex, and so we spent many hours just making out and exploring each other's bodies.

It was really humid that night, and Jay and I had been lying together kissing passionately for well over an hour. I was still fully dressed, but in the heat Jay had stripped down to just a pair of shorts. He was lying partially across my body, cupping my left breast and gently squeezing it in perfect time to the deep probing of our tongues. I was fully aroused and my hard nipples were pushing against the tight fabric of my shirt. Without missing a beat, he spread his fingers and captured my nipple between his middle and index fingers and began to lightly rub it in a gentle, scissoring motion. Although I hadn't thought it possible, my nipples grew even harder and I begged for him to remove my shirt.

Jay dragged his mouth away from mine and leaned back as he slowly undid the buttons of my shirt. The room was dark, the only light coming through the slightly tilted slats of the Venetian blinds adorning his bedroom window. Jay seemed mesmerised by the sheen of my sweat-covered chest, a faint light as the only means of illuminating my body. My nipples were rock hard, and the flimsy lace of my bra could barely contain my tits. The brownish pink of my areola peeked over the over-full cup. He groaned quietly and began gently biting my nipples through my bra. I moaned and lifted my hips to meet his. Jay ran his hands behind my back and unclasped my bra, freeing my restricted tits.

As Jay continued to suck and chew on my nipples, I ran my hands down the back of his shorts and grabbed his toned arse cheeks. As I kneaded his flesh with my palms, I pushed him hard against my aching crotch. His rock-hard cock immediately responded and he managed to nestle it against my throbbing clit. I could feel his desire even through my skirt and juice-soaked panties. For what seemed like hours, the two of us lay there, our mouths exploring each other's naked torsos, while we ground our throbbing genitals against one another.

I could feel Jay's pumping growing more and more urgent, so I pulled my mouth away from his and rolled him onto his back.

"Relax," I told him, "Just lie back, and let me treat you."

Jay let out a deep moan as I slid down the length of the bed until my head was level with his groin. I smiled slyly as I looked at his erection, which was causing a tent-pole-like effect in his shorts. With an extreme amount of care, I gently slid my hands under the elastic waistband of his shorts, lifted it over his throbbing cock, and slid them down his legs. Jay shuddered as he felt the smooth skin of my tits gently knocking against his hard-on as I repositioned myself.

"Close your eyes," I whispered, as I gently moved my lips to base of his rod. 

I licked my lips and slowly began my descent to his fuzz-covered testicles. Gentle, light flicks at first, slowly moving to wide lustful licks before opening my mouth and sucking the hot sack into the depths of my warm, wet mouth. Once the first ball was drenched with my saliva, I moved across and gave the same treatment to his other ball. As I continued to suck and lick his testicles, I brought my palm up to his cock, slapping away his hand, which he was using furiously on his thickly veined cock.

"Let me do the work," I said, as I grabbed the base and began to rhythmically pump away.

"Suck me, oh god, suck me," Jay begged, so I lifted my head and positioned my mouth at the tip. The head was already glistening with pre-cum, which I deftly licked up with light flicks of my tongue. Once it was clean, I began to lick in a circular motion, with my tongue and mouth moving lower and lower down his shaft, until finally his head hit the back of my throat. I began bobbing my head in rhythm to the pumping of my hand, his knob delving deeper and deeper into my throat each time my head went down.

Through the sounds of my slurping and Jay's moaning, we could still hear noise coming from the party outside. I could see the silhouetted forms of people standing just a few yards away- a pane of glass and a flimsy Venetian blind the only things separating us. I wondered if they could see, or maybe even hear us. The idea turned me on so much that I drove my head down onto Jay with an intensity that caused him to cry out in pleasure and spew his hot jism straight into the back of my throat. I swallowed the lot and licked the rest of his cock clean.

"Oh baby," he groaned, "You are the absolute best".

I slid my body back up against his and lightly kissed his slightly parted lips. I gently stroked his firm abdomen and could feel him growing hard again against the side of my hand. Propping himself up onto his elbow, he leaned into my neck, and began nibbling my earlobe.

"You are so good to me," he whispered as he gently lifted my flimsy skirt and began lightly fingering me through my soaked satin and lace panties. "So very, very, very good," he sighed, increasing the pressure of his agile fingers against my erect clitoris. Moving his mouth back to mine, he kissed me deeply as he slid his hand under the elastic waist of my panties and buried his middle finger deep inside my sopping wet hole.

"Oh yeah, babe, you're enjoying this," he murmured as he inserted another finger and began sliding them in and out, causing my juices to ooze out of my pussy and down my crack. Too aroused to talk, I answered by lifting my hips to meet his probing digits, urging him to delve deeper into my moist, warm folds

"My turn now," he whispered and slowly moved his body down alongside mine. Using his free hand to spread my legs further apart, he positioned his head between my thighs and began to lick my erect clit. Flames of ecstasy shot through my body as his warm tongue explored my entire genital region, alternating between sucking on my clitoris and licking my oozing hole.

"Fuck me, Oh God, please fuck me," I moaned, struggling to get the words out of my throat. "I want you to fuck me now!"

"I thought you wanted to wait," Jay mumbled into my pussy.

"I can't wait anymore," I cried. "I need to feel you in me now."

I felt Jay smile against my wet warmth as he gave it a final kiss before moving back up alongside me. He kissed me on the lips, the musky scent of my arousal lingering in the air.

"Are you sure?" he asked, lightly running fingers through my now tangled hair.

I nodded and kissed him deeply, allowing my tongue to send just the right message I wanted to get through to him. Without leaving my mouth, Jay lifted himself onto his elbows and positioned himself over me. He nestled his erection between my eager lips and lowered his hips slowly, his knob coming to rest up against my clit. I lifted my legs around behind his back, locking my ankles together. Slowly, Jay began rocking his body against mine, my wetness providing enough lubrication to allow his thickness to gently slide up and down between my pussy lips, his throbbing head gradually moving closer, ever so much closer to my eager hole. Groaning, I raised my hips, wanting even more of this the amazing feeling.

"Absolutely positive?" Jay whispered, his voice catching in his throat. I tightened the grip my legs had around his waist and thrusted my hips to meet his. By now the tip of his cock was at the entrance of my opening, and receiving no objection, he began to ease it gently into my wet warmth. Experiencing a mixture of both pleasure and pain, I was overwhelmed by emotion - I was finally a real woman. A sexual being. A very sexual being…

I gasped as Jay increased the speed of his thrusting, and I realised that my body had come alive, moving almost as if it had a mind of his own. My hips continued to thrust in time to Jay's movements and my legs squeezed him tight to me, threatening never to let him go. My nipples and clit were aching, they were so aroused, and I could feel my vaginal muscles contracting around Jay's firmness.

"Oh, Christ, You are so goddamn tight!" Jay panted as he began thrusting even harder. 

I could feel myself getting tighter and tighter as he continued.

"You have a beautiful, tight, virgin pussy," he said as he slid his finger behind me and began rubbing my puckered arsehole. 

"Oh god, I'm cumming!" I cried as I felt my body reach a level of arousal I had never yet experienced.

Fucking Jay as hard as I could, I ground my clit into him.

This pushed me over the edge and I cried out as I came harder than I had ever cum before. I moaned, grunted and gasped as I felt explosions originating in my loins spread throughout my body.

"Yesssssssssss," Jay groaned as he shot a load of hot cum deep into my pulsating cunt.

"Yes, yes, yes, yes." We continued humping, grinding, thrusting, licking, moaning, groaning until finally I felt Jay's exhausted dick go limp inside me and the cocktail of our juices beginning to seep out of my hole, down my arse crack and onto the sheets beneath us.

Sighing in mutual satisfaction, we separated our sweat-soaked bodies and lay there side by side in the single bed. As I came back down to earth, the sounds of the party, the clink of cutlery on china, the tinkle of laughter and snippets of conversations filled the room. This definitely was going to be a summer I would never forget.