 I was visiting some friends from school one beautiful sunny California afternoon and noticed Brian's sister had a really cute friend with her. I found out her name was Erin and she was upset because her boyfriend decided to go snow skiing with his friends instead of spending Valentine's Day with her. 

Later in the day I was getting ready to head home and as I was saying goodbye to Brian and his sister Janice, I noticed Erin looking pretty sad. I looked at Erin and said "Why don't you let me take you out for dinner and after we can go for a drive to cheer you up." 

Erin's frown slowly changed to a cute little smile as she came over and gave me a great big hug and a little kiss on the cheek. I took her hand in mine as we walked to my car, being the gentleman. I opened her door for her before getting in. We had a nice dinner together and great conversation. Erin told me how upset she was because she had planned on giving her virginity to her boyfriend on Valentine's Day and he decided to spend time with friends and leave her behind. 

After a really nice relaxing dinner we walked out to the car and again I opened her door for her and before she got in she looked me in the eye and with a sexy little smile she gave me the hottest kiss. The kiss was very passionate and when I felt her tongue slip between my lips seeking out mine, I felt my cock begin to swell. 

Erin broke the kiss and flashing a sly smile she slid gracefully into the car seat. I looked down and noticed her short skirt had slid up exposing her silky pink panties. Erin sees the smile on my face and lowers her eyes to see what I am looking at. She turns back to smile at me when she notices that she is flashing me her panty covered pussy. 

Erin is sitting in the car and with me standing beside the car it puts my rapidly stiffening dick at eye level. As Erin starts to look up at me I see her eyes scan past the bulge in my pants and do a double take. Her smile was priceless as she looked up at me and said. 

"How about that scenic ride you promised earlier?" 

I looked down again to see her silky pink panties stretched tightly over her cute little camel toe and as my eyes traveled upward I noticed she was braless and sporting beautiful perky breasts with nice erect little nipples just begging to be sucked and nibbled on. 

I lifted my gaze and she had the sexiest smile and the most stunning green eyes. I smiled back and said "I know the perfect place for a nice drive, you're going to love this." I closed her door and hopped in the car. We talked and joked as I drove and pretty soon we arrived at a view spot that had a spectacular view of all the lights of L.A. and Palmdale. 

We sat in the car checking out the view and talking and when she looked back at me I kissed her. She kissed me back with so much passion and intensity that I could instantly feel the blood rushing to my cock. When she broke the kiss she looked at me and said. 

"I need to use the little girls' room." 

I told her I needed to take a leak also and the view spot had a nice picnic area and rest rooms we could use. Erin went first and when I got back in the car instead of seeing her in the passenger seat, I saw her little pink panties with the little Valentines heart on them that said "Eat Me" hanging from my rear view mirror and then I heard a giggle from the back seat. 

I looked back and Erin was lying on the back seat with a great big smile. I climbed into the back seat, positioned myself above her and started kissing her neck and ears causing Erin to moan and whisper in my ear. 

"That feels so good." 

She brought her hand to my face and guided our lips together in a moist passionate kiss. It felt so good kissing her as if we were melting together and becoming one. I slid my hand down to her perky breast and lightly tweaked her nipple between my fingers making her moan. I was so excited I was shaking as I reached under her skirt to feel her bare pussy. 

I was expecting no panties because I saw them hanging from my rear view mirror, but was really excited to find she had shaved herself completely smooth as part of her Valentine surprise for her boyfriend. 

I explored every inch of her silky smooth mound before sliding my finger between her lips searching for the tight pink center. Her pussy felt so warm and soft as I gently rubbed in small circles until my fingertips were moist and slippery with Erin's juices and she was breathing hard and moaning as she kissed me harder. Erin stopped kissing me and put her lips to my ear and said. 

"This is my first time and I want it to be special, will you please take things slow and eat my pussy until I am really wet before you take my cherry?" 

I said "I will eat you until you tell me you are ready and I really want to pop your cherry but, I don't have any condoms with me." Erin said. 

"I want it to be special and I want to feel everything bare the way it's supposed to be. You're going to have pull out before you cum, ok?" 

I said "ok, but it's kind of small in here." Erin said. " 

I learned this trick in gymnastics, you're going to love this, move the front seats all the way forward." 

I slid the seats forward and when I looked back Erin was upside down on the seat with her head down and her beautiful little virgin peach straight up in the air with her knees almost resting on her shoulders. In that position she could almost lick it herself. 

I looked down at her upside down face smiling up at me and with a sexy grin she slowly slid her hands up the back of her thighs until she reached her beautiful smooth shaved pussy and slipped both index fingers between the outer lips exposing her moist clit and tiny opening. I knelt on the floor of the car and leaning forward I slowly slid my tongue from her clit all the way to her taint and back again. With a soft moan she said. 

"That feels so good, more please." 

I started concentrating on licking, sucking and nibbling on her soft moist lips and her swollen clit. As I was working her pleasure button I heard her moan and I felt her hands opening my pants to free my sizeable erection. When my pants and boxers hit the floor I felt her warm soft hands surround the hard hot shaft of my very stiff cock. I felt her slide her head and shoulders closer to the front of the seat and then suddenly I feel her hot wet lips surrounding the head of my very sensitive cock and her soft moist tongue swirling around the tip. 

When she slid her hand from the base up to where her lips covered the head I felt a drop of precum ooze from the tip. When Erin tasted it she let out a deep moan around my cock as I covered her sweet little pussy with my mouth burying my tongue as far in her tight virgin pussy as I could. I alternated between sucking her clit between my lips while tickling it with my tongue and tongue fucking her tight little pink opening. 

Erin's tongue and lips felt so good I was rapidly heading towards a major orgasm and from that point on it was a race to make her cum before I lost control and filled her mouth with a thick load. Erin was getting really wet and breathing hard when I reached down and tweaked both her erect nipples between my fingers, when she felt my cock throb and ooze a big drop of salty precum onto her tongue she tensed up and I could feel her pussy pulsing and throbbing around my tongue. 

It was amazing to feel her body tense up and her pussy squeezing and massaging my tongue as she surrendered to her orgasm. She was breathing so hard she had to let my slippery cock slide out of her mouth as she recovered from her intense orgasm. It was perfect timing, just a few more seconds and I would have lost control and blasted her tonsils with a creamy load. I pulled my tongue out of her hot wet quivering pussy to let her recover from her orgasm and as I looked down at her smiling face she said. 

"Oh my god that felt so fucking incredible, you do that so much better than my boyfriend does." 

As soon as her breathing returned to normal Erin said. 

"Will you kneel up on the edge of the seat so I can put just the tip of your cock in the opening of my tight little pussy? This position is perfect for me to control the depth and should be safe because I will be able to see and feel your cock expand and jerk before you cum. That should give me enough warning and control to get your big hard cock out of my fertile pussy before you start blasting all that thick nasty sperm deep in my tight little kitty." 

It sounded great to me. I was going to feel hot wet pussy bareback on my naked cock for the first time. I got into position and Erin reached up and wrapped both hands around my hard shaft leaving just the head and one inch of shaft exposed. She started rubbing the tip across her clit and around the tiny little pink opening until the head of my cock and her pussy were slippery and wet. She let out a sexy little sigh as she slid the tip of my slippery cock into her tight silky opening. Erin said. 

"Let me guide you until I am ready and when I say now, I want you to bury this beautiful cock deep in my pussy and take my cherry. I want you to hold it deep and still until the pain stops and then when I say ok, I want you to fuck my little pussy slow, deep and hard until I cum again and then you can do anything you want with me." 

I felt Erin pull back slightly and I pulled back until the head slipped from her tight pink opening. She pushed forward and I followed pushing my cock head back into her hot wet opening. We went in and out like this until she was so wet and creamy around the head of my cock that it felt like melted butter. 

The next time I pulled out I heard Erin say. 

"Oh fuck, this is it." 

As I started pushing back in she let go of my shaft and said. 

"DO IT, NOW!" 

I pushed forward thru the creamy wetness and when I felt the resistance from her hymen I pushed right through shredding her virginity and burying my cock deep inside her incredibly hot tight pussy. Erin said. 

"Oh shit, your cock feels huge, don't move." 

I feel her running her soft hands around the base of my cock where it is pressed against her soft puffy lips and she says, 

"I can't believe that much cock fit in my tiny little pussy, it feels so full and so hot." 

When the pain subsided and started turning to pleasure Erin said. 

"Ok baby, take it nice and slow." 

I slowly pulled back until just the head was inside her and paused with her juices glistening on my shaft. I felt her take my big full balls in her tiny soft hands weighing them and when she tickled the sensitive part just behind my balls it made my cock jerk and Erin giggled. She liked the way it felt when she would tickle me and my cock would jerk in the opening of her pussy. She kept making my cock jerk and she would giggle each time she felt it. The third time she did it I asked her. "Are you sure it's safe to do that?" 

Just as she was opening her mouth to ask me why it wouldn't be safe, I pulled back until the head of my cock slipped free of her snug opening and a big drop of thick white precum slid right out and dripped right onto Erin's chin and lower lip. I looked down at her and said. "This time watch the tip of my cock when you tickle my balls." She got a puzzled look and tickled my balls again making my cock jerk and squirt a small amount of thick precum. The squirt traveled the four inches from my cock to her wet pussy lips and covered the tiny pink opening before sliding down around her swollen clit and dripping right onto her tongue as she opened her mouth to speak. 

Her eyes got really big and the look on her face was priceless as she realized what was happening. She said. 

"So every time I make your cock jerk it squirts a little precum?" 

I said, "Not every time, but when I'm this excited almost every time it jerks it's going to leak a little." Erin said. 

"So I have been squirting your precum in my pussy and I might have just knocked myself up?" 

The chances of getting pregnant from precum are fairly low and I didn't have my cock deep inside you when you made me squirt. As long as you're not too close to your ovulation we should be safe. Erin thought for a moment and then said. 

"I don't want to possibly get pregnant from a little precum the first time I have sex, If I might get pregnant I want it to be because the first time I was having sex it felt so fucking good that I just had to feel your big fat cock swell and jerk inside my tight fertile pussy as I have my first cock induced orgasm and feel you throb and pulse with each thick blast of potent sperm as you fill my tight virgin cunt for the very first time." 

Erin pulled my cock forward until the tip was less an inch away from her tiny pink opening. She stroked the shaft firmly twice and then tickled the little spot behind my balls making my cock jerk and squirt right into her tight little pink opening. Most of my precum stayed just inside the opening and the rest dripped and landed on Erin's outstretched tongue. Erin said. 

"My ovulation won't start for five more days, as long as you don't bury your cock balls deep and pump your sperm directly into my womb the chances are fairly good that I won't get pregnant." 

My cock was so hard that all I heard was "I won't get pregnant" and as I pushed forward sliding the head and two inches of hard cock back inside Erin's very tight sheath making her moan out loud. I felt her hands softly slide from my sperm filled balls around to my ass cheeks and as she said. 

"Fill my little valentine." 

She pushed with her hips and pulled with her hands burying my cock to the base. It felt incredible and as I looked down I could see her sweet little round ass and her pussy lips tightly hugging the base of my shaft. I grabbed her little ass cheeks in both hands and pulled her tight against me pushing the last inch inside her tight silky hot tunnel when Erin said. 

"I hope you don't squirt now, I can feel you pressed against my cervix." 

I pulled back and started taking slow deep strokes. I could feel her getting wetter and I could see her juices covering my shaft as I started moving faster. Each time I hit bottom and my balls slapped her clit she would let out a little moan of satisfaction. 

It looked so good watching her wet pussy lips clinging to my hard shaft as I would pull back. It felt even better each time I would push back in until I felt the opening to her cervix kiss the tip of my slippery cock head. I could hear Erin's breathing coming faster as I picked up the pace and I could feel her pussy getting tighter and wetter around my hard cock as I continued thrusting in and out of her tight virgin pussy. 

I was getting close to the point of no return when I felt Erin reach up and gently take my full balls in her soft warm hand. I felt my sack throb in her hand and I heard her say. 

"Oh baby, not yet I'm almost there." 

I felt her reach up with her free hand and start rubbing her clit furiously. I was only a couple of strokes away from losing control and blowing a thick potent load of sperm all over the opening to Erin's soon to be fertile womb when I heard her moan and felt her pussy clamp down on my cock. When I felt her pussy start pulsing and throbbing around my thick shaft I got a firm grip on her hips and pulled with my hands as I pushed forward burying my cock to the hilt and pinning her up against the seat. 

I knew in this position there was no way Erin could get off my cock or pull it out of her tight little cunt before I pumped her full of thick fertile sperm, she was at my mercy. I really wanted to just hold my cock buried in Erin's tight pussy until her orgasm triggered mine and then pump every last drop of thick fertile sperm straight into the opening to her cervix. 

I was brought back to reality when I felt Erin give my balls a firm squeeze to get my attention before she said. 

"I can feel your cock getting harder and fatter, you better pull it out now before you cum deep in my pussy and make yourself a daddy." 

I was holding her tight with my cock buried as deep as possible trying not to cum but when I felt her hot silky pussy throbbing and heard her say. 

"Cum deep in my pussy" 

I lost it and felt my cock surge and jerk hard. I pulled back quickly and actually got my cock completely out before the first blast started flying from the tip. I looked down to watch my wet hard cock emerge from Erin's tight pink tunnel and as I looked past I could see her looking up at me with an expression somewhere between excitement and concern. 

As soon as she felt me pulling out she wrapped her hands around my slippery shaft to keep me from plunging back in and blowing my load deep inside her quivering pussy. 

The first partial blast erupted from the tip and landed just about two inches to the right of Erin's clit before reversing direction and running downhill until it fell, landing on Erin's cheek. Erin had a pretty good grip by the time the second and most powerful blast launched from the tip. It was thick and powerful as it blasted straight into the little pink opening left behind by my vacated cock. 

The blast of thick potent sperm filled her tiny opening before running downhill across Erin's clit and dripping right onto her extended tongue. The second blast had so much volume that when it landed on her tongue it splashed into her throat. As she gagged she panicked and pushed the tip of my still erupting cock back into her tight pussy to give herself time to swallow before the next blast. 

It felt so good to feel her tight wet pussy gripping the head of my cock as the third blast filled her tight opening with thick potent sperm. Erin felt my cock jerk and throb in her hands just before she felt the wet warmth in her tight opening. She had a quick decision to make, pull it out again and swallow another blast or leave it in and let it finish pumping the last blasts of thick potent sperm in her soon to be fertile pussy and risk getting pregnant. 

Erin pulled back on my shaft pulling my cock head clear of her pink opening just as the fourth blast erupted joining with the third blast that was oozing back out of her tight opening. The combined blast dripped on her tongue again and it was too much for her. 

Before the next blast she let go of my hard throbbing cock and placing both hands on my ass she pushed forward burying my hard spewing cock balls deep in her tight wet pussy. As soon as I felt the spongy head of my cock touch her cervix my cock jerked hard launching the remaining five thick blasts all over the opening the her womb. 

When Erin felt my cock jerking and spewing hot thick sperm deep inside her cunt she let out a soft moan and squeezed her pussy around my shaft milking the last drops of cum from my still hard cock. After we caught our breath Erin said. 

"Wow that felt so good, I'm going to get on the pill so as soon as I am done punishing my boyfriend I can feel his cock flexing and spewing every last drop of thick hot sperm deep in my pussy." 

I slowly pulled out and looked at her puffy wet lips waiting for the cum to run out, but nothing did. I grabbed one of the clean towels I keep in the car for emergencies and helped Erin get cleaned up. When she flipped right side up and knelt on the seat we both looked down and saw a huge glob of thick white sperm slide right out. It looked like she laid an egg. 

We just looked at each other and started laughing until we saw car lights coming and we both quickly got dressed and jumped back in the front seat. After the car passed Erin took her panties off the rear view mirror and slipped them into my hand with a sexy smile she said. 
