 Standing under the shower, she felt a warm glow spreading through her body as she soaped her breasts and felt her nipples hardening. One hand was drawn down across her belly, massaging the mound above her sex and increasing the feeling of warmth. 

The other played gently with a nipple and she found herself spreading the thickening lips of her sex as the stimulation increased.

Closing her eyes and throwing her head back under the streaming water, anticipatory sexual images flickered in her mind. She could distinguish the flow of juices from the water cascading between her legs and, stepping out into a warm towelling robe, she patted her body dry. Still her sex dripped and moistened her thighs. She was ready. More than ready. How would she be received?

It had been three days now. Three days of hunger for his cock. All she had been able to think of. Needed to stop wearing shorts as the juice was showing through. Short skirts and even then no knickers. They just became saturated in a few seconds when she thought about what she wanted to do to him. So many secret orgasms imagining his cum.

She wondered if he'd noticed. It had been hard to keep a short skirt down, especially in a low chair! She sort of hoped he had. Had appreciated the odd glimpse of her sex. Her girlfriend had and tipped her a sly wink, with a nod towards her crotch and a querulous eyebrow. 

They were sharing a room and she had probably noticed her masturbating as well. It had proved impossible to keep her fingers out of her cunt during the hot, restless nights. Nor reach a silent climax. Two or three big ones in rapid succession with her mind filled with how she imagined he would fuck her. Even a few real quickies in the sunshine when nobody was looking. Hopefully. Though she was really beyond caring.

The day at the nudist beach been almost impossible. He'd been quick to strip and watched her pretty closely as she peeled of the single thin shift she wore. There it was, all she desired, hanging beautifully and even within reach. He'd taken the next sunbed and stayed on his back most of the time. She did the same and made sure she parted her legs when he glanced at her cunt, hoping that maybe he'd spot the glistening readiness and she might just trigger an erection. She thought she had once because he flipped a towel over and ran quickly into the sea, returning a few minutes later with a little less dangle than before.

When he'd dozed she'd come under her towel and her erect nipples had drawn a few admiring glances. 

Nothing came of her efforts and they drove home in the evening. 

Of course he'd gone off for dinner somewhere else and she just knew he'd been shagging when she saw him the next morning. 

Why wouldn't he? There was nothing between them. Yet. She didn't even know whether he fancied her. Spotted a few scratches on his shoulders and back which just increased her lust for him. She didn't care who he shagged...lucky bitches...move over and let me get under him!

Now it was time to make her move. To find out. There was no choice. All or nothing.

Her breathing quickened with her arousal, an arousal with an intense, overpowering and irresistible urge to be satisfied. An urge she had never felt with quite the same intensity. 

She was prepared to give anything and everything that was demanded of her. And to take enjoy the pleasures in so doing. She had never felt so much like a woman, a sexual woman, almost a sexual animal. Never had such an appetite which craved satisfaction.

Taking a deep breath she felt her heart rate rising in anticipation of slaking her passionate thirst.

She walked silently though the sleeping house to his closed door. Didn't want to wake the girl she shared a room with. Her pulse was racing. She slipped off the bathrobe and stood naked in the darkness. She brushed her fingers across her belly and into her moist cunt. It was surely ready.

She listened and could hear the sound of steady breathing coming from the room. She hesitated and then gently turned the knob, pushed the door open and slipped inside the room.

In the glow of a nightlight her body took on a rosy tint, emphasised by her reaction to the growing sexual excitement. He lay on his back, covered by a thin white sheet. She could see the outline of his body and her eyes were drawn to the line of his powerful thighs and the bulge that lay between them. It looked the right sort of size and, peering intently at the dim outline, she guess he was naked under the sheet.

Nervously she approached the bed and gently lifted the sheet, drawing it down to reveal the sleeping body. Her sex tightened and the flow of juices intensified. She felt an almost uncontrollable urge to be penetrated - more or less by anything, anywhere - and again controlled her breathing to calm the passion down. It would be satisfied soon enough she felt. If not by him then by her own hand.

His cock lay quiet across one thigh. Fat and uncircumcised she felt the urge to take it and stroke it and lick it but held back. But she didn't want to wake him yet.

She moved to the left side of the bed and took a position where she could comfortably reach his cock. Bending, she took rolled one of his nipples between her fingers and gently licked the other. After a few seconds he began to stir and she quickly stood upright, pleased to see his cock stirring slightly. Still sleeping, one of his hands slid down and massaged it.

She raised her left leg and put her foot on the bed close to his hips. She turned towards his head and opened her legs as wide as she could, reaching with one hand to spread the slippery lips of her hairless cunt. It was directly in his eyeline should he wake, her breasts hanging over him. She squeezed her own nipple hard as she massaged her sex and waited.

His hand was moving rhythmically up and down his hardening cock. Her nipple teasing had had its effect and she smiled broadly to herself as his eyes opened and his gaze took on an expression of great surprise. 

He looked into her eyes and after a moment of recognition his glance moved to her open sex. He said nothing. His left hand moved towards her and she felt his fingers sliding in and around her. Her glance up at her breast, looked again into her eyes, and then back to her cunt. She thrust her hips forward to show him better what was waiting for him, what she had to offer.

After a few minutes she stepped down from the bed and turned her back to him. She bent and guided his hand away from the growing cock and to her dangling nipple. His other fingers slid over her buttocks, moistening them. She felt a finger trace a line between them, pause for a moment to lubricate her tight arse before a thumb slid home deep into her cunt. His other fingers massaged the mound above her sex and she felt a growing sensitivity in her clitoris.

She took his cock and laid it gently on his belly. Cupping his balls firmly with one hand, she traced a finger-tip along the full length of his cock. She watched with delight as, with each stoke it hardened a little more. Soon it rose from his belly forming and smooth arc, its head still hidden behind the foreskin but bulging in its own anticipation.

Reaching between her legs she moistened her hand with her own juices and closed her fist around the cock's head. His hips thrust up at her and his grip tightened on her cunt. She spread her legs wider, bent lower and lifted the cock so that it stood hard and tall before her. She rolled the foreskin back to reveal the bulging, straining purple head and smiled as a clear droplet formed at its very tip.

She straightened, stepped back and felt his fingers reluctantly slip from her. She moved quickly and climbed onto the bed and squatted between his raised knees, her cunt stretched wide. His cock stood hard and erect before her. She began to tease her sex, showing him the detail of every crevice, revealing her hard little clitoris. His arms reached out to her. Her took her by the shoulders and gently pulled down. Her lips parted and accepted his entire member deep inside her mouth. He rocked her gently back and forth and she relaxed around it, feeling him fucking her mouth and becoming ever harder.

She lifted her head, stood straight, put her feet to either side of his waist and lowered herself until she felt his tip brushing her cunt lips. Her hands were beside his knees, his legs straight and his hands supported her thighs and buttocks. She dropped down and felt the shaft slide firmly into her, deep into her tight tube. She moved her hips up and down, help by his hands, and felt it slide in and out.

There was real urgency in his thrusting now and she began to feel the need for some firmer thrusts. Slipping off, she rolled onto her back opening her legs wide. In a flash he was on her and in her. She lifted her hips to meet his powerful thrusts which came into her firmly and provided a deep satisfaction, a feeling of wonderful, warm, wet fullness.

His movements became more urgent, his cock fattening as she gripped it, feeling the head forcing its way deeper and through the tight spot that seemed to lead to the ultimate pleasure chamber. Locking on and round it, she took hold of his hips pushing and slowing his thrusting, encouraging him to develop the slow firm, long deep thrusts she knew she couldn't resist for long. But she needed him hard from what she had in mind after her first explosive orgasm.

It was quick to come. She pinched his nipples hard, felt his cock squirm and pulse fatter and then, pulling his head to her breast she clung squirming to his hard body as he drew her nipple into his mouth and she came, feeling mountainous waves of pleasure course through her body and wash through her sex.

He lay still inside her, rigid, kissing her softly as she slowly came back from the edge of reason and returned his kisses with a fervour that surprised both of them. His tongue pushed deep into her mouth and she thrust her hips up at him feeling as if she was being fucked at both ends. 

He softened a little and with a sigh she felt him slide out leaving her feeling hot, wet and empty. His hand covered her and she felt the rising tide of desire begin to take over. 

Rolling onto her side he felt his cock slide into the cleft of her buttock. It felt hot and slippery, long and very hard. Rolling further, she pushed up onto her knees and spread herself. He slipped behind her and for a moment she lost contact. Head down she braced for the expected hard entry but it didn't come. Instead she felt his fingers kneading her cheeks, pulling them apart and squeezing them tight together, closing her cunt as he did so.

Then shivered as she felt the tip of his cock touch her back and slide gently along her crack, pausing at her slippery anus, lubricated by the juice of the fucking she had just taken. She tensed, wondering, and then relaxed as it slid down and in, high and hard, his belly slapping into her reddened buttocks.

There was no subtlety this time. She wanted fucking as hard as he could manage. His power forced her head down on the pillow, lifting her arse to provide a better angle and he pressed down on her back intensifying the friction of his cock.

As the power of his thrusts increased in ferocity she grabbed at her sex and rubbed it furiously. In seconds - and thankfully before his passion vented itself in the hot spurts she had anticipated, she gasped and shuddered and pushed herself up and backwards at him wanting him deep to meet her.

Again he waited deep inside as she relaxed. His fingers traced light patterns over the slippery skin of her back and bottom and he slowly withdrew, sitting back on his legs, leaving the tip lodged in her and once more opening closing her buttocks. The relaxation went deeper and almost in a trance she felt a finger touch her wet anus and begin to gentle circle. It was a new and pleasant sensation, to feel her cunt still open to a hard cock and another opening stirring. She laid her head down and let the new feeling wash over her. 

She felt his cock move deeper into her and as his he began what she expected to be his finishing thrusts she realised his finger had found its way into her. She could feel a little pressure on the wall of her vagina as his cock slide past the finger and began to enjoy the sensation.

He withdrew again and gently rolled her onto her back. She was his now. He could have however he liked. 

His cock looked magnificent, arcing out from his belly gleaming with his sweat and her fluids. She raised her legs high and let them fall open. He pulled her feet to his shoulders and pushed her back, raising her hips and slipping a pillow under her. She was utterly opened and felt delighted to be so. For a while he gazed at her, then traced her cunt lips with his finger tip, slid it in and out a few times and followed the line to her other tight opening. Again she felt pleasure as he teased her. 

He stroked his cock, showing it to her. She reached and circled its tip, pressing her finger against its entrance as if wanting to slide in. 

He kneeled over her and she felt his tip against her cunt lips. Suddenly she wanted more, wanted to give him, more, take more, surprise both him and herself.

She pushed him away and settled another pillow under her raised hips. As he watched she slid two fingers deep into her cunt and, glistening, rubbed the tight entrance to her arse. She smiled and nodded, offering him her second virgin penetration.

He touched the spot and gently teased it, moving in the circles that she loved to feel around her clit. Mesmerised by the new sensation and utterly relaxed, she offered no resistance when, in an easy movement, his cock pressed hard and firm against her and, just as she expected to feel pain, slid easily into her. 

There was a surprising and very satisfying sense of fullness, very different from a cunt fuck. She realised she was more or less helpless and found herself exploring the new sensations with a growing excitement. Again his pace quickened but, unlike her usual sensations of fluid loosening, she remained tight and firm, feeling the whole cock moving up and down and experiencing new sensations in her cunt. Almost as if he had two cocks in her.

He withdrew and entered her again rapidly. This time there was real pleasure in the moment of penetration. The pressure as the head pushed and the exquisite release as it overcome her muscular contraction and was once more part of her.

She curled into a ball against chest, stomach and hips. He slid back. He maintained the pressure on her legs, keeping her rolled back and again she felt the pressure as he pushed his hard cock against the tight resistance and the wave of exciting pleasure as it thrust through and in. 

Once there he relaxed his pressure on her legs and she was able to watch him as she wriggled experimentally. He closed his eyes and threw his head back as she gyrated her hips feeling him solid and rigid inside. His hands found her sex and he began gently stroking her. She guided his fingers and then release, letting him take her as a third wave approached. Within a few seconds she came again and, before she had chance to relax she felt him slid swiftly into her cunt and begin the rhythm that she knew would take him to climax.

Planting her feet firmly she offered him the perfect platform. A firm body, a tight cunt, a satisfied and excited woman he knew desired him. She smiled broadly at him as he moved, slowly now, right on the edge. She stroked his nipples as she did so and then, as she felt the first pulses or his orgasm, she stopped him. 

Holding him tight inside she pinched his nipples very hard, and speaking for the first time whispered "You just took my virginity and it was far, far better than the first time. Now let me have all you have to offer". 

He moved, rapidly accelerating the speed of his thrusts. She lay watching the veins in his neck swell, braced against the frenzied pounding of his cock. With a grunt of release and satisfaction he made the final deep thrusts and she felt the hot spurts of his cum flood into her. As it did she ran her hand down to here cunt and rubbed. In seconds she joined him and they clung together in the passion of fulfilled new lovers.

His own hand moved down and she felt fingers slide deep inside. The hand slipped out and he began to massage her breasts with cum-covered fingers. She kissed him slowly and passionately and they settled into sleep, lips brushing and sharing breath.

A few hours later she awoke. 

The dawn was breaking and the room was lit by rays of the rising sun. She slipped quietly off the bed and stood, taking a last glance at her lover, sprawled naked on his back. As the last remnants of his cum slid down her inner thigh she was tempted to take him again but instead bent and kissed his cock lightly at the tip, slipped on her robe and silently slipped into her bed in the shared room. Secrecy would add an edge and avoid embarrassing questions.

The day passed in a blur of sexual excitement. Showered, she wore nothing but a light white cotton dress, loose at the breast, tight round the hips and with a full skirt. She met him as she left the bathroom, the dress clinging to her damp body and leaving little to the imagination. She grinned as he cast an appreciative up and down, and quickly brushed an erect nipple, sending an instant tingle between her legs. Later she was careful to let the light stream through the material, showing him her form and the curve of her thighs where the met at her sex. She nodded to his querulous glance, happy to know he expected her to visit him again at night.

It seemed an age before her roommates breathing settled into that of a deep enough sleep for her to slip from under her coverlet and again approach the closed door. She was wet and hot, unable to stop herself stroking her sex and belly and breasts as she had waited.

She moved quickly into the room. It was lighter and she was pleased to see him sitting, propped against pillows stroking a perfectly hard and glistening cock. It seemed that he too had been impatient and she sensed that she needed to take care if she wanted to get what she desired.

Kneeling beside him she kissed him deeply and shivered has his fingers slid quickly into her eager cunt. She bent her head and nuzzled his chest, seeking his nipples and biting them quite hard. She felt him jerk and moan and felt the rhythm of his stroking change.

Leaning back she spread her legs and arched her back, giving him time to take a long lingering look at the wet folds that would soon surround him. Rolling onto her hands and knees she raised her bottom and reached between her legs to spread her lips. She felt his finger once again trace the line of her crack, pausing longer this time at the ass and prodding firmly, reminding her of the unexpected pleasure his penetration had given her the night before.

But not yet. Turning round she gently took his hand away from his cock, replacing it with hers and leaning over it so that her breast fell either side of the straining shaft. She stroked slowly feeling her passions rise as she relished the form in her hand, anticipating the sensation as its fat head locked deep into her and beginning to pant as she thought of the stream of hot cum she would receive.

She wanted it hard tonight and so worked carefully on his cock and balls, flicking the tip with her tongue but not taking him into her mouth. Too risky. Whilst she enjoyed the sensation of a cock pumping cum down her throat and was excited by the sight of a white stream arcing onto her breasts and the feeling as it was smeared over her, right now she wanted the full load right up as far it could reach.

A clear drop of pre-cum emerged from the eye of his cock and she slowed her hand movements to a slow and gently stroke. He lay flat now, his breathing coming in short pants. Leaving his cock standing stiffly, hard, fat and long, she moved to stand astride his head, her back to the wall. Squatting, she felt his lips against her cunt lips and squeezed herself to force some drops of juice into his mouth. His tongue flicked hot and found her super-sensitive clit head, causing her to fall forward, her head between his knees, his cock pressed full length along her belly and between her flattened breasts.
