 You're not sure what you're doing, or even why you're doing it. The email seemed simple at first, but the further you get the more your courage deserts you. You know you love him, but to get in your car at a moments notice, drive to a town you don't know, and stop at a hotel, just because of an email, is far beyond anything you've ever done before. Damn it, that man can be so infuriating at times! The nerve, to simply send a message and expect you to follow through with it! And yet, here you are. And the only reason you can think of is the simplest one in the world. Because you DO love him, with a passion far surpassing anything you've ever felt before.

You pull up to the small hotel and park where you've been instructed to park, in front of room number 9. You shut off the engine and get out of the car. A small shudder passes through your body as you imagine what is waiting on the other side of the door, and you pause for a moment. Do you want to do this? Are you really going through with it?

Then you remember how good it felt in his arms, how exquisite his lips felt on yours the first (and only) time you were together. Your breath quickens and a tendril of fire licks through your body, pushing you to movement again, until you stand before the door.

Before you can knock, it opens before you. No one is in sight, but the email warned you of this, and still following the instructions, you walk in. The door is shut behind you, and you jump slightly as you feel hands take hold of your shoulders. You are turned around, and you see him, looking the same as you remember. You open your mouth to speak, but before the words can come out your mouth is covered by his. You melt into him as he pulls you into an embrace, giving yourself willingly to the passion that binds the two of you together.

"Hello my darling" he says softly when he finally pulls back from the kiss. "How was the drive?"

"Frustrating" you reply, smiling up at him. "You really know how to make a girl curious, not to mention keeping her aroused for over 2 hours in the car. I couldn't stop thinking about what exactly you have planned."

He cups your cheek and gently pulls your face closer to his, pressing his lips lightly to yours again. It is a soft kiss, barely felt at first. But it slowly deepens, the pressure increasing as he holds your head to his. Finally, you feel his tongue teasing your lips apart. You part them, gladly welcoming the warm intruder as you raise your arms to encircle his neck.

This time when he pulls back, he guides you to the bed. You sit thankfully, your knees already weak from the sensation of his lips on yours. He pushes you back until you are laying on the bed and moves beside you.

"Just relax my darling" he says. But relaxation is the furthest thing from your mind as he bends down and runs his tongue along your jawline, tracing a path from your ear down to your chin and continuing down your neck. You can't suppress a small whimper as he moves back along your neck, lightly kissing along it until he reaches the collar bone. You shudder as you feel a small bite, followed up by a gentle lick, easing the sensation.

He raises over you and slowly starts to unfasten the buttons of your shirt. You watch with eyes that are growing heavy with desire as he pulls the first button loose, then bends to gently kiss the skin he has exposed. Oh god you think, if he does that all the way down I'll never be able to take it.

He moves to the next button, loosing it, spreading the shirt further and kissing along the skin. You feel as if you are floating on a cloud of passion, unable to do anymore then ache as he moves slowly, a button at a time, down your body. You lower your hands to his head, unsure whether you want to urge him on or pull his lips to yours. Instead, he captures your hands with his and raises them above your head.

"No my love" he whispers. "Don't touch, just feel."

You groan in frustration, but keep your hands where he has placed them. The cool air of the room caresses your skin as he finally spreads the shirt open. His lips and tongue caress your skin as he moves slowly back up. He eases the shirt off you, quickly followed by your bra, bearing your upper body to his heated gaze. He stares for a moment, the with a small groan bends and captures a hardened nipple in his mouth.

You thrill at the power you have over him, even while your body is reacting to the feel of his mouth on your breast. You press upward into him, silently urging him to take more of you in his mouth, a request he quickly grants. You feel the moist heat covering more of your flesh and whimper again, louder, aching for him. He moves to your other breast and begins to treat it to the same sensations, bringing another whimper from your throat. You can't stop your hips from moving, squirming on the bed under him.

You almost sigh in relief when he starts to move lower, knowing what he's moving toward and anxious to feel it. He unfastens your jeans, and as he spreads the edges apart you see him bend and run his tongue over the skin right above the edge of your panties. You are ready to scream in frustration, wanting, needing his touch on your steaming pussy, yet in such pleasure from his teasing you are unable to bring yourself to rush him.

He looks up at you for a moment, and then slowly slips the jeans down your legs and off, then places his hands just above your feet and runs them back up your legs, his touch strong on your body. As he reaches your panties he takes the edges in his hands and slowly pulls them down and off also, leaving you finally naked before him; naked, hot, wet and ready for him.

Your lover raises up and gazes at you a moment, and you shudder at the lust you see burning in his eyes. He closes his eyes for a moment as a small shudder passes through his body, mute testimony to the strong arousal he feels. Then he moves, and you feel his lips touch your inner thighs. You moan, willing him closer, ever closer to your heated core, the center of your sex that has ached with wanting him for months now.

You writhe on the bed, trying to hold still but barely able to control your body now as his tongue moves along your heated flesh, sending flashes of fire throughout you. You close your eyes, unable to concentrate on the sight of him through the sensations coursing through your body. And then, oh god! It happens. His tongue touches your lips and your muscles tighten in response.

And then, you feel a flare of intense pleasure as that same tongue pierces your center and thrusts into your heated depths. Your breath escapes in a flash as you arch up toward him, and your hands grip his head and hold him tightly to your pussy. You grind up against him, striving for the orgasm you know is close. Your satisfaction, though, is in his control now, and you groan, half in pleasure, half in disappointment as he raises up against your hands and eases his tongue out of your wet slit.

His tongue swirls over your outer lips, tasting you, teasing you, as his hands reach around to grip your ass. You feel the touch moving slowly higher and higher, matching the fire in your body. Oh my god you think, he has to do this. You are barely able to think now, knowing only that he has to bring you to orgasm, has to let you cum all over his wet, thrusting tongue or you'll scream in frustration.

And then...oh god yes!! You feel a long swipe of his tongue over your hard clit and your body explodes in ecstasy. Your whimpers turn into a loud keening as you grasp his head, arching against it, grinding your pussy up against him as you shake in the power of the climax. Throughout, you feel his tongue on you, licking you, rushing through the cum with you and urging you on to even more.

Unable to move, unable to think, you simply feel. The waves of pleasure wash over you again and again, lifting you up and carrying you further and further. As you finally feel them receding, letting you slowly drift downward, you feel something. Your eyes open to see him still above you, now nude, his hard cock jutting downward. His hands have you spread wide now, with the head of his cock poised just above your still spasming pussy.

He smiles at you. "I love you" he whispers. Your answer is drowned out by a howl wrung from your lips as he suddenly thrusts, hard and fast, burying his full length inside you. His cock rams into your sensitive flesh and you cry out his name, arching upward, welcoming him, pulling him in even deeper, your body eagerly adjusting to the invasion.

"Oh god Jamie" he sighs out, laying fully encased in your heat. He looks at you, his eyes full of love, full of desire. He kisses you, a gentle loving kiss, quickly followed by a powerful, deep kiss of passion. He lifts himself on his arms, and begins a steady thrusting action. His shaft tugs at you as he pulls out, then pounds back into you. Your body shakes with the force of it and you meet every thrust with an equal fury. You take him in fully, pushing, arching against him, wanting him even deeper.

"Oh god Kevin, fuck me" you moan. "Fuck that hot pussy, baby".

And he does. You open yourself fully to every thrust, offering your body to him, and he takes it, over and over. His powerful cock slams into you again and again. You can see the strain on his face, the strain of holding back as he pounds you relentlessly.

You squeeze your muscles around him, tugging at him, milking him. You want to feel him loose control, feel him stagger in his rhythm as he lets go. "Come on baby" you urge him softly. "Let go...let me feel it. Let me feel you shooting inside me."

His eyes meet yours and you see that your words had the intended effect. He gives two sharp, deep thrust. "Oh god Jamie......oh fuck, here it comes..."

He slams in one final time, completely buried inside you, and your feel his cock start to pulse. Heat infuses you from the inside as you feel him began to shoot, cumming deep in your body, filling you with his essence. You feel your muscles tighten fiercely in response, then let out a cry as your own orgasm is triggered. You jerk under his body, your pussy clamping on his throbbing cock, milking it over and over as your being explodes in delight.

When you return to sanity again, you feel a weight. He's laying on you, his breath harsh, deep as he slowly recovers from the powerful climax he experienced inside you. He raises his head slowly, then lifts his weight off of you. He meets your eyes and you see the desire still there, tempered for the moment by his own brand of humor.

He bends to kiss your lips again. "Hello Darling" he murmurs against your lips. "Glad you were able to make it here to meet me."