 Warning: Contains adult material, not completely straight and cum play.

I looked across the table at my wife of two years, Laura. She let a small smile curve her lips as she took of sip of her red wine. At 30 years old she was about to experience something she had always thought was only fantasies or maybe the subject of a porn video, once again, a fantasy.

Laura stood 5 foot 6 inches with long auburn hair. She was still slim, an advocate of yoga and the gym. Her breasts were just contained by her B-cup bra and I thought they were just magnificent. Of course, I felt the same about her long legs and firm round butt. And tonight, she may be sharing her assets with a couple of our friends.

We had talked about experimenting with our sex life but were concerned with the real dangers of contracting some STD and the emotional impact it may have on our lives. Once done, you can't go back. But over the past months we had made some bold moves. The first, was to go to a clothing optional beach, although not technically legal, it was ignored by the local law enforcers. I thought about our maiden visit. 

We had parked in the lot and noticed about a dozen other cars, at least we would not be alone. Dressed in the normal beach attire we grabbed the chairs, a couple of blankets, and the cooler. Descending the wooden stairs, we noticed that all the bathers were a couple of hundred yards down the beach and as we walked, we passed a hand-written sign that warned we may encounter nudity ahead. She commented on the funny smile on my face, like a kid about to see his first nudie magazine. She also noticed it fade a bit as I remembered my wife was going to be one of the nudies on display, possibly the most attractive one.

We found a spot that was at least several yards from any of the other beach goers. There was an eclectic group of takers today; mostly couples, a few single people that included both guys and gals, and two middle aged men sitting in beach chairs just off to our right. Most of the folks were naked although a few of the women were still wearing the bottoms of their bikinis. Laura noticed the two middle aged men had definitely noticed us while most of the others at least acted like they weren't that interested, or more likely, were just being discreet.

After laying out our blanket and setting up our chairs the time of truth was upon us. Although I had been the one to lobby for the nude beach; somehow Laura seemed more at ease with this than I. We looked at each other and Laura said, "Shall we go dip our toes in the water?"

"Sounds good," I replied. My eyes skirted the beach. There were two couples in the water, both obviously nude. 

I went first and peeled off my t-shirt. Laura followed suit and slipped off her sleeveless top, her bikini lifted her pert breasts creating an inviting amount of cleavage. Next, she unsnapped her cutoff jeans and let them drop onto the blanket. I thought my wife looked as sexy as I ever remembered, I also noticed the two middle aged men were watching us as they pretended to be reading their books. I couldn't blame them; I find watching women undress at the beach extremely sexy.

She looked into my eyes as she reached behind her and untied her top. Since she didn't have it tied around her neck, the top fell away exposing her breasts; pale and beautiful. The gentlemen were making a poor pretense of reading as they checked her out. Laura put her hands behind her neck, stretching, arching her back slightly, her face and breasts were caressed by the sun. 

"Shall I continue?" she teased me noticing my hesitancy in dropping my trunks.

"Of course," I replied not sounding as confident as I wanted. 

Laura reached for one of the ties holding up her tiny bikini bottoms. I was untying my trunks at the same time. We gave each other a quick smile as we dropped them in unison. 

I couldn't believe my wife was standing naked on the beach. Somehow it seemed natural but still very erotic. I followed her gaze down to my exposed cocked. I am reasonably well-hung and to Laura's amusement my cock was starting to plump up, showing it off in all its glory. Our gentlemen neighbors seemed to adjust their crotches. 

Hand in hand we walked down to the water and in a few minutes, we almost forgot we were naked in public.

But tonight, we were waiting for a couple we knew, Mark and Lynn, to come over. We had met them a couple years ago through mutual friends. It had come out recently that they were occasional swingers, and after months of chatting and feeling each other out, we had agreed to try swinging. Plus, they were clean and discrete. They also knew that Laura and I were new to this and they would only go as far as everyone was comfortable.

It was just a few minutes before the doorbell rang and my heart skipped a beat. She looked at me and I gave her a tentative smile as I got up from my chair and headed for the door. They entered and I gave Marty a pat on the back. Lynn set the couple of bags, with liquor and snacks, on the counter, and then gave me a hug, it had a little more electricity than usual. Laura also hugged Lynn, who was very well endowed in the breast department. Of course, during their past inebriated chats, Laura learned Marty was also well endowed.

Although we had spent numerous evenings together, it seemed a bit awkward tonight, a sexual tension emanating from each of us. Drinks were served, or refreshed, before Marty started the conversation.

"I thought we should talk about how the evening may go. Let's talk about how far you guys want to go."

"What are the options?' asked Laura. "We are here to explore, so I don't want to be a prude or anything." She looked at me for a reaction.

"I agree, we have been fantasizing about this for months. It has been half of our foreplay," I chuckled. And looking at my wife I continued, "But there are things we discussed that would be beyond what we would want to do tonight."

Laura looked at me, "You'll have to refresh my memory, hon. What did we decide was off limits?"

I felt my face redden; partially because I was embarrassed to be the one to have limits right off the bat, but also because I didn't want to have to say.

"You know, no guy on guy stuff."

"OH! But girl on girl is okay?" Lynn chimed in. "I can tell you it doesn't work like that. That's for sure."

I was embarrassed but also getting a bit peeved. Feeling like they were ganging up on me. Marty spoke next.

"Look, like I said, we won't do anything you don't want to. Hell, I'd be happy to just get to feel up your wife," he grinned looking at Laura.

Suddenly it was getting real. Marty had never said an inappropriate thing about Laura for as long as I had known him. I guess he had thought of a few things but had kept them to himself. Or, between him and Lynn.

I was feeling like they were all set to take it to wherever it led, and I was throwing up barriers. I replied, "I would love to feel up your wife as well," contemplating what I should say next.

Laura gave me peck on the cheek. "That's fine, let's take it slow. It is our first time."

Instead of consoling me, I felt like my mom had just told me 'everything will be okay, baby'. Something inside of me gave way, let's see how far Laura would really go. We may never try this again, so I figured, let's go all in.

I held up my hands, "You know what, let's not have any rules. I'm in, unless someone else wants to put restrictions on this evening." I caught Laura's eye, she had ruled out anal, I had agreed, but know it was back on the table. She hesitated; I'd put her on the spot. Not very gentlemanly, but I wasn't going to be the timid one.

"Okay," she said sounding timid herself. "Let's get the party started."

Marty broke out a bottle of nice champagne and poured everyone a glass. "To new beginnings and a couple of lovely ends." He toasted, motioning towards our wives' rear ends.

Everyone laughed, "Cheers," we said in unison.

Marty and Lynn sat on the couch, we sat across the cocktail table from them on the loveseat.

I gazed at my wife with her perky breast, not really on display with the top she was wearing but I knew how great they looked naked. Her white skirt sat at mid-thigh, her long legs almost inviting a hand to slide up their silky smoothness. I then looked at Lynn, also a very attractive lady in her early thirties. She was much different than my wife, a bit shorter, darker hair, and a fuller bust. I was looking at her exposed cleavage and suddenly realized this was really happening, and that I may get to fondle her lovely breasts tonight. Her dark skirt sat a bit higher on her thighs and I knew if she just opened her legs the tiniest bit her panties would show. Then I looked at my friend Marty who seemed very comfortable with the situation and that help to put me at ease. At 6'1" he was just slightly taller than I, with broader shoulders and wavy dark hair. Laura would probably enjoy getting to know him.

I put on some mood music as background then Marty handed me a DVD. 

"It's not too hardcore, just something to help the evening along." He smiled at me.

"Sounds good to me," I was getting in the right state of mind.

Marty put his hand on my shoulder, "Lynn and I love you guys, and we don't want to do anything to ruin our relationship."

Once again, I felt like the nerd in the room but didn't say anything.

He continued, "So what I am telling you, Lynn is also telling Laura. Tonight, being our first time together, you can do whatever Lynn agrees to, except you can't fuck her." He chuckled, "But next time, I would love to have your sweet wife sit on my cock." 

The girls had gone to the kitchen to prepare some light snacks and brought out a bottle of wine in a cooler. "Hmm, what movie is this?" my wife inquired. Two couples were sitting beside a hot tub having a drink. They proceeded to undress before getting in the tub, showing everything; with beautiful bodies, they were two hot couples. 

Lynn was snuggled up against Marty, his big hand casually resting on her left breast. I was doing the same with Laura, but my attention was on them and it was really turning me on. As the minutes passed, he started fondling and squeezing her breast and then undid a couple of her blouse buttons. My eyes flicked back and forth between the exposed cleavage contained by a black bra with just a thin red band of lace and her skirt promising to expose her panties at any moment. I notice my wife was watching them as well, but her eyes were more focused on Lynn's hand that was in Marty's lap, no doubt touching his cock.

I turned my attention towards Laura, running my hand up her smooth thigh, inching her skirt up. When she didn't protest, I inched it up higher, then slid my hand between her thighs. She had them together; I coaxed her to open them, which she did slightly. I saw Marty took note of this and he smiled; I couldn't believe how it turned me on, wanting to expose my wife to them.

Marty had completely unbuttoned Lynn's blouse, his hand brushing over her breasts, showing off her ample assets as well as her sexy bra. Laura was watching them with a dreamy look in her eyes and then she relaxed her legs, letting them open more, and my fingers slid up and I stroked her panty covered mound. My cock was getting harder by the second and I could now see that Lynn had a grip on Marty's hard-on.

Laura didn't object to me stroking her through her shear panties and she let her hand rest on my stiff prick. The other couple was paying attention to us as we did them. When Marty slipped his hand inside of his wife's bra, I slipped my finger into Laura's panties and felt her warm pussy.

We continued fondling our wives, as they were loving every minute of it, almost as much as Marty and me. As my finger found it way between her moist folds, she gripped my cock through my pants, and I could feel it expand in her hand. I hand three fingers in her panties and I was playing with her clit. I wasn't sure if they got a glimpse of her cunt, but I didn't care and Laura seemed unconcerned, she was focused on heading towards an orgasm. She gave a little shudder as she neared as orgasm, I wasn't sure if she could really cum with people watching, but I knew if she kept playing with my cock I might even cum in my pants. I saw Lynn whisper in Marty's ear, he grinned and nodded. 

Lynn stood up and approached us. She stood there, her blouse completely open, and held her hand out to Laura. She took her hand and stood up. 

"Would you like to change places for a few minutes?" she asked my wife.

Laura looked back at me, I smiled at her and she walked over and sat next to Marty.

Lynn sat down next to me, her fragrance was intoxicating as she snuggled against me and I put my arm around her shoulder. Marty had his arm around Laura as he fingers rested on her left breast. 

Lynn kissed me on the neck, then whispered in my ear. "Marty is going to take his cue from what you and I do. So, we get to set the pace for tonight."

With that she ran her hand down my chest and across my lap before coming to rest on my thigh. She had lightly grazed the bulge in my pants and the sent electric shivers through me. I turned and kissed her full on the lips; a nice slow kiss that lasted several seconds. My hand reached over and cupped one of her breasts and gently squeezed her. She was still contained by her bra, but her breasts were so much larger than my wife's, it was a completely different feel. I glanced over to see Marty and Laura in a deep kiss, his hand fondling her breasts as it travelled over her blouse. He then started unbuttoning her blouse, exposing her lacy white bra.

He took a moment to appreciate how lovely she looked, then suggested, "You ladies have obviously bought some very sexy lingerie for this evening. Why don't you give us a little fashion show?'

They looked at each other and shrugged. I hated to release Lynn from our embrace, but a show sounded hot. They stood side by side, looking smoking hot with their blouses already undone.

Lynn spoke up, "If you want to see our undies, you men will have to be in your undies first."

"Sounds fair to me," said Marty, standing up. He stripped off his shirt, then started unbuckling his pants. I stood and followed suit; my hard cock was tenting my pants. We dropped our trousers in unison, and we were both wearing snug-fitting boxer briefs. I am fairly well endowed, he was obviously, very well endowed. The women hooted as we both spun around for them before sitting back down., 

I sat on the love seat while Marty sat on the bigger couch, the women stood before us, just on the other side of the coffee table. Then they moved the table out of the way so they were standing between us. Lynn slipped off her blouse, her 36D breasts, as I would later verify when she handed me her bra, looked amazing. The way they jiggled when she moved confirmed that she was all natural. She teased us by running her fingers across her breasts, dipping just below the edge of her bra. 

Laura followed suit, taking off her top, her smaller breasts sitting up high and perky. Very different bodies, but both of them amazing. I couldn't believe how turned on I was, wanting my wife to bare her breasts for our friends. But instead of taking off her bra, she reached back and unzipped her skirt. She stood between us, facing me and turning her back to Marty, she let her skirt slide down her smooth tan legs. I saw the front of her panties, nearly transparent, so I could make out her nearly bare pussy. I knew her panties were a thong, and Marty was seeing her bare ass, and from the look on his face, he approved.

She sat down next to my friend, and he wasted no time putting his arm around her bare shoulders. My attention to them was diverted when Lynn stood right in front of me, our knees touching, and she unzipped her skirt and slowly pushed it down. Her black lace panties delicately covered her mound, sheer enough I could make out the slit between her lips. I couldn't help but stare for a few seconds, then, she sat down beside me. 

She slid her arm around my neck and pulled me in for a long, slow kiss. My hand snaked around her firm mid-section, but as the kiss continued, I cupped one of her breasts and gently fondled it. When our lips parted, she sat back against the couch, her eyes locked on mine, inviting me to explore. I slid my hand across her upper chest, my finger tracing the outline of her bra that overflowed with her big breasts. Her nipples pressed against the thin material and I ran my hand across them, they were amazingly hard. 

I then kissed her on the neck as I slid my hand inside her bra. I was finally feeling-up this woman that had slipped into many of my fantasies He large soft breasts felt so different from my wife's smaller, firmer ones. Then, with just a slight nudge her straps came off her shoulders and her gorgeous breasts were exposed. 

I gazed at them in amazement, they were even finer than I had imagined. Then I looked at Marty and Laura; they were watching us, but Marty had his hand inside the left-hand cup of Laura's bra. I focused, once again, on Lynn's bare breasts. I fondled them and then sucked each of her nipples briefly. She turned so I could unclasp her bra; as I did so, Marty was removing Laura's bra.

We all realized this was a magic moment; both our wives topless, being fondled by a good friend. Laura surprised me by making the first move. Her hand was touching the bulge in Marty's boxers; then I realized a couple fingers were inside his fly. Lynn and I watched as she played with Marty; then she reached in and pulled his cock out. 

His cock looked huge in her little hand. And although I had seen him a couple times in the gym shower; I didn't know until tonight he was uncut. I find it sexier somehow, but maybe that is because I am uncut myself. He looked like he was mesmerized as she slowly stroked his hard-on. Her hand didn't completely reach around his thick shaft as she stroked him down, exposing the head of his cock. The she ran her hand the length of Marty's cock and back down again.

I felt Lynn pull my cock out, it took me a second to comprehend I was so caught up with Marty getting a hand-job from my wife. Lynn gave me a wicked smile as she started copying what Laura was doing to Marty, her hand felt so damn good caressing my hard cock. And as erotic as it was to have this beautiful woman topless and stroking me; I couldn't help being focused on Marty and Lynn. I surprised myself thinking that I didn't remember the rules for tonight, but I suddenly wanted to see my wife suck Marty's cock.

Lynn got up and knelt in front of me, pulling my boxers off. My dick was stiff as a board as she spread my legs and positioned herself between them, she was fondling her own breasts and then she started rubbing them on my cock and then squeezing my cock between them. I was pretty much in heaven as she spread drops of pre-cum across her nipples; the same nipples she knew I would be sucking again. 

It was Laura and Marty that were now watching the action; his wife fondling my cock with her tits while he felt up my wife while getting a hand-job. He had Laura stand up in front of him and I watched as his big hands slid to her back, fondling her ass and he slowly pulled her panties down. She was facing him, so her pussy was inches from his face, and I could see him admiring it. Then he pulled her to him and started kissing all around her pubic area.

I watched his hands fondling my wife's perfect butt, I know how much I enjoy caressing her ass. He was pressing her to his mouth while a finger was working its way between her cheeks. Then I saw him fondle her ass with one hand and he gripped his hard cock in his other hand and started stroking it. It was so fucking erotic it I had to force myself not to shoot my load.
