 I'd seen her around; short little girl with perfect perky little breasts, a tight round ass, and shoulder length wavy black hair. She was always made up kind of classy with short skirts and tall stockings. She was about 20 years younger than me, though, so even though she always caught my eye, I had never said more than a mumbled 'hi'. 

I saw her at least once or twice a week around my neighborhood - on her bike or at a bar or cafe. Many nights I jerked off thinking about blowing my load on her cute face. Or fucking that perfect ass. I'll admit it, I'm a horny white guy in my mid-fourties. Even hornier than usual since my wife and I divorced about five years ago. Now, I mostly look at porn and jack off imagining any of the various hot girls I see around town.

Saturday night I decided to walk over to my neighborhood dive bar. I was feeling kind of lonely and very horny, and thought I'd enjoy a drink or two while I watched the young hip kids get drunk and flirt. Over the last couple of years, I'd become a regular even though I was a little old for the crowd and I'd never actually met anyone that led to anything, except maybe rushing home to beat off.

Anyhow, I set myself up at the bar near one of the pool tables. There were a couple of games going on and I was only half paying attention while my thoughts wandered to some work issues. I re-focused when I became aware that my little neighborhood crush had come up to the bar next to me to order something. 

"Oh, hi," she said.

"Hi, I see you everywhere lately."

"Huh, yeah, you don't really look familiar. Are you waiting for a pool table?"

"No, I was just watching."

"Well, I'm going to play so I guess you can watch me," she said and giggled. I felt my face redden slightly and my cock started to swell in my pants. She smiled and walked over to the table and put a quarter down, nodding hello to the two guys playing. 

She came back to where I was and asked who was the better player so she'd know who to root against. I didn't want to seem stupid, but I hadn't been paying attention so I said something vague like they are pretty evenly matched. We watched for a few minutes and then as one of the guys was facing towards us lining up a shot, she stood up and stretched her arms out behind her head and arched her back. Her breasts filled her low cut stretchy white shirt. She had a sheer bra on and I could see her nipples clearly. Big, soft, and puffy. I saw the guy look over and then back to the cue ball. He shot, but botched it. She turned back to me and put her foot up on the runner on the bar stool. Her short skirt rode up her thigh to a tantalizing height. Now I was starting to actually get hard, and had a little panic that I'd get an obvious erection in front of this flirty 20-something hipster girl. 

Luckily, she started talking about all sorts of things. Her job, her friends, her ideas on politics, music, etc. She talked my ear off and was actually pretty well informed and thoughtful. Turns out her name is Jill and she is a librarian at one of the branches. She mainly eats vegan and loves to cook. 

As I listened and nodded, I relaxed and started to wonder if her stretching and the nonchalance about her short skirt were as intentional as I had thought. Maybe she was just being natural and was unaware of her incredible allure. I mean, this girl exuded sexuality. How could she not be aware of her effect?

After a few minutes, the game ended and it was her turn. She went over to say hi to her opponent, a young guy with a hipster beard and glasses, and all that. I figured she was probably done with me for the night, so I settled in to watch. Between looking down her top or checking out her thighs whenever she bent for a shot; I was pretty turned on. My dick was tingling and twitching in my jeans as I watched her contort and bend to line up her shots. Eventually, she lost and came back over by me. 

"That was pretty close, you're not bad," I said.

"I hate losing, but I sure liked posing for you. Did you like the view?"

I blushed as I felt my cock stiffen. "Yeah, sure. You like to tease, huh?"

"Well, I was hoping you'd want to kiss me," she cooed as she fluttered her heavily made up eyes.

"An old guy like me?" 

"Yeah, as long as you're not creepy." With this, she leaned in towards me, put her hands on my thighs and kissed me lightly on the lips.

"You will be respectful of a young lady, right?" she asked.

"Of course," I assured her. Shit, was I dreaming? One of the hottest girls in my neighborhood is putting the moves on me!

"I like to take things slow, so no sex tonight. Or, probably not anytime soon. But, let's get out of here," she said as she grabbed my hand and led me out of the bar. 

We walked a little way down the block until she pulled me into a doorway. We started making out and she put her hand right on my dick and started rubbing me through the denim of my jeans. I put my hand up on her breast, but she quickly moved it away, placing it on her hip. "Don't touch until I say," she commanded. She continued to rub me. Which was rapidly becoming uncomfortable because it was getting very stiff at a weird angle and she was being fairly rough with it. But I didn't want to stop because it was hot and it felt so good to be kissing her.

Suddenly, she stopped and asked if I'd like to come over to her apartment. Turns out she only lives about a block away.

When we got there, she pulled me onto the couch and started rubbing and kissing me again. I was struggling with not touching her and put my hands back on her hips. I was slightly buzzed from beer and I really just couldn't believe this was happening. 

Eventually, my dick was so hard that it really hurt in my pants. "I need to adjust myself," I said, as I straightened out my cock. 

I leaned in and started kissing her again but she didn't return her hands to my lap. Instead she guided my hand to her warm and moist panties. I started rubbing and heard her breathing slow down. Gasping and moaning, she pulled her underwear aside and told me to finger her. I happily complied - a little surprised that she had a big hairy bush. The other young girls I'd been with had been shaved or waxed. It seemed really animalistic and wildly erotic. She was so wet it almost felt like her pussy sucked my fingers in.

Her hips moved in time with my hand, pumping in and out as her breath grew more ragged. Eventually, I felt her muscles start to contract as an orgasm overtook her. 

When she finally came back to reality, she smiled and invited me to stay the night.

My cock throbbed at the thought. "I'd love to," I replied as she stood and led me to her bedroom. 

She told me to take my shoes and shirt off, but she wanted to undo my pants. I did as she asked and then we stood facing each other. She stood on her toes and started kissing me with both of her hands on my chest. After kissing me deeply for a couple of minutes she started making her way down my chest and belly as she lightly rubbed my skin with her fingertips. 

She dropped to her knees and began to caress my hardon with her face and head. I was moaning and I wanted her lips on my dick so bad it literally hurt. After what seemed like an eternity, she unbuckled my pants and unzipped the fly. Pulling down my pants caused my dick to spring to attention only inches from her face. 

She put her hands on my balls and began to slowly rub them. Pre-cum was leaking out of the tip of my throbbing member and she watched, wide-eyed and smiling.

"Looks like you are pretty excited, mister," she laughed, as her tongue slid out and licked up the drops rolling down my shaft. I moaned loudly.

She leaned back and started stroking. Long slow strokes from my balls to the very tip. She was kind of swirling her hands and it felt incredible.

"I said before that I like to go slow, so no sex tonight. Is that alright?"

"Yes," I moaned.

"Most guys I meet only want to fuck me and never give a thought to my pleasure. You're not like that, right?"

"No, I always take care of the ladies."

"Even if it means waiting for your own pleasure?"

"Yes, it makes me really happy to give as well as receive."

She seemed to like this and sped up her strokes a little. She also started licking the tip on the down strokes. Never quite taking it into her mouth but flicking her tongue over and around the head. Just as I was starting to get close she slowed down and started touching very lightly. I felt like I could explode any second.

"When is the last time you came?" she asked.

"Last night."

"Where you jerking off?"

"Yes." 

"Picturing that just made me so wet. Did it feel as good as what I'm doing now?" she teased.

"No," I moaned.

She gripped me hard and did 4 or 5 really fast and aggressive strokes. I knew this would send me over the edge and I felt myself holding my breath as my stomach muscles began to clench. She let go completely and I felt my impending orgasm vibrate up and down the length of my cock as it slowly receded.

She laughed softly and said, "that was close. I'm not ready for you to come yet, though. Let's get ready for bed and I'll stroke you more when we're settled in.

I was a little miffed, but couldn't really say anything without seeming like a jerk so I agreed. We brushed our teeth and eventually my dick relaxed enough for me to pee. 

When I got back to her room, she was wearing a tight tee-shirt and no panties, just lying on the bed. She told me to lay down beside her.

Once in bed, she began foundling me again. 

As I hardened she started asking me questions. Do I like to eat pussy? Yes. How often do I masturbate? I said 2 or 3 times a week even though it was actually more like daily, but, I was afraid that would sound bad. She asked if I was into anything kinky. I told her about my limited but fun experiences with role play and S & M. We just kind of chatted about sex with her mainly asking me questions while she lightly stroked my cock. It was enough that I was fully hard and oozing pre-cum but not enough to push me over the edge. 

Then she stopped. I felt panicky for a second, but she started again even slower than before. After a minute or two of this tortuous delight she said she had an important question.

"Are you serious about prioritizing my pleasure? Or, are you just saying that because you want to fuck me?" she asked.

I did want to fuck her. And I felt sincere in saying I always make sure women I'm with are satisfied. It is partially selfish because they are more likely to want to keep having sex with me if they have a good time.

"Yes, I love to bring women to orgasm. It is so powerful and sexy. Almost spiritual sometimes," I replied. 

She liked that and gave me a bunch of quick hard strokes. 

At this point, I was getting close again so she let go completely and proceeded to softly slap my dick from side to side. I have to say I'd never felt anything like it. When I was sure I'd blow my load she stopped. When my breathing got back to normal she put her hand back on me and continued to quiz me.

Do you like anal? Yes.

If I give you a blowjob would you prefer to shoot your load on my face or in my mouth? Mouth. Would you want me to swallow your come? Yes.

Do you like spanking? Yes.

Each question got me closer and closer to explosion but she always backed off just enough that I wasn't able to come.

"What are your biggest turn ons?" she asked.

"I love to watch a girl masturbate for me. Also, I don't know if I could actually do this, but I often fantasize about sharing a girlfriend with my friends or even with strangers," I replied.

"Both of those things turn me on, too. Feel how wet I am."

I reach my hand out to her pussy and, true enough, it was soaked. Her big full bush was matted down, soaked. My finger slid in effortlessly. She moaned. Finally, it seemed like she was ready for me to fuck her. I started pumping gently and her hips started moving in rhythm with my hand. 

"That feels so good, but I want to feel your lips," she commanded dreamily.

Once again, I felt a flash of anger. I wanted to fuck her so bad and she'd already had an orgasm and had now given me blue balls twice. 

She sensed my hesitation and said, "I thought you said you liked eating pussy and would prioritize my pleasure." 

Of course I didn't want to seem like an asshole, nor did I want to blow my chance with one of the hottest girls I'd ever been with. So, I said of course, I had just been distracted by how great her hands had felt on my cock.

"Yeah, but I want to come first. Guys always lose focus once they come."

She did have a point. I really wanted to fuck her and knew that would be out of the question if I pissed her off, so I smiled and said "sorry I was being selfish" as I positioned myself between her legs and started licking and sucking on her hard little clit. 

I could feel it pushing back against my tongue and I knew she wouldn't take long. I was alternating this with long licks from the bottom of her vagina up to above her clit. Over and over, periodically pausing to suck her labia into my mouth and swish my tongue and teeth on and around.

Meanwhile, I was slowly stroking myself, hoping she'd want to fuck once she came. At some point, she became aware of what I was doing and told me to stop. "No touching yourself unless I say. I want you to pay attention to me when you're giving me pleasure. Put your hands on my hips."

Fuck. My dick was throbbing and twitching in the wind as I held her hips and ate her pussy for all I was worth. After feeling like I had let her down I just wanted to do my best and give her a great orgasm. It built for a long time and when it finally came it seemed really powerful. Her whole body tensed up over and over in convulsions as she held my head pressed tightly into her soaking cunt. I was covered in her juices and quite pleased with myself. I felt kind of euphoric.

Eventually, she came back down to earth. She rolled on her side and guided me next to her and started grinding her ass against my semi-erect penis. Quickly, I was hard again and filled with desire for this girl.

Very sleepily, she said, "We're going to wait on your orgasm until tomorrow. I think you'll agree that it will be more fun if I'm not so sleepy. If we did it now, I'd be in a hurry and that's not right for our first time. Plus, it'll be a bigger messier load... mmmmm..."

I didn't say anything but had a flood of feelings coursing through me. I didn't want to be an asshole and, of course it would be lame to be pushy when she was tired. 

"That's ok? Right?"

"Sure," I replied, "I'm just afraid it might be hard to sleep."

She pushed back playfully against me and I could feel pre-cum oozing out of my dick. She placed my hands on her breasts through her shirt and said, "hold me."

After a few minutes, her breathing started to slow. She told me to think about what I wanted to do tomorrow. She had the day free until evening. 

I knew what I wanted to do. Fuck. I wanted to fuck her little pussy and shoot my load deep in there. I wanted to spank that round little ass until it was bright red. I wanted to choke her on my dick.

"Maybe we could go hiking or something," she said.

"That sounds nice," I replied.

A few minutes passed and I became acutely aware of my dick twitching between her ass cheeks. It was an effort to not hump her, but I knew that would not go over well since she was clearly on her way to falling asleep.

Groggily, she told me to have sweet dreams. And one more thing, "think about, for your first orgasm with me, would you rather come on my tits or on my ass? Let me know in the morning, sweetie. Good night."

Needless to say, it took me quite a while to fall asleep and I woke up a few times with a raging boner. Eventually, I did fall into a deep restful slumber.

I awoke to her spooned up against my back, slowly running her hand up and down my side. My cock instantly started to stir at her touch and the memories of last night. She rolled me gently onto my back and gripped my now fully erect member. 

Laughing softly, she asked, "is this for me?"

"Yes," I replied, perhaps a little too eagerly.

"To do whatever I want with?"

"Yes, please," I moaned.

With that she climbed up on me so the tip of my penis was right at her entrance. I could feel the heat from her pussy on my cock as I thrust my hips forward. Because of the position I could only go in about an inch. I was desperate.

"You be still. I'll put your cock in when I'm ready."

She lifted up a little and began to rub herself up and down the length of my shaft. She was amazingly wet and it felt really wonderful. Finally, she was going to fuck me!

She lifted up and grabbed my cock and pointed it right at her tiny little opening. As she lowered herself down on it I felt like I might explode instantly. I managed to hold back the urge as she came to a rest fully impaled on my raging hard dick. 

"I'm going to give you a treat since you like to watch girls masturbate. Hold still and enjoy feeling my pussy massaging your dick as I touch myself."

With that, she started rubbing her clit, pulling it in tiny circles. I couldn't really see because she still had her t-shirt on, but it was really fucking sexy to have this little sexy girl impaled on my cock getting herself off. I could feel the muscles in her pussy start to undulate and grip as she got closer and closer. When she finally came, the sensations on my cock were pretty incredible. Panting, she laid forward on my chest and gave me a gentle kiss.

She slowly pulled off and my dick flopped onto my belly.

"Oh, how cute, you're still hard for me," she laughed as she once again gripped my cock and started absent mindedly stroking. "You have no idea how horny it makes me that you are constantly hard for me."

All I could say in response was a deep moan.

After a couple of minutes, I could feel the come start to churn in my balls. She seemed to sense it and slowed down a little.

"I'm not ready yet," she said. "I want you to tell me to stop when you get close. Then we'll shower and get ready for the day. Don't worry, I'll make sure you have a great orgasm later."

"OK," I replied, trying to sound cheerful. I needed release so bad. Clearly, she was testing me, but she seemed sincere that she'd let me come later and she was right that it would be more intense if we waited. It wasn't really a problem that she was stroking and teasing me all the time. Except that it was making me feel a little crazy with desire. 

Suddenly, she sped up her strokes and very quickly I was on the verge of shooting my load.

"Stop!" I shouted.

She instantly let go of my dick which proceeded to let loose a river of pre-cum as it lay twitching on my belly.

"Good boy," she smiled. "Now, since we're about to shower, I'm sure you don't mind getting your face a little dirty."

Before I could respond, she had swung her body around and pressed her soaked pussy onto my face. I was about to object when she once again grabbed my cock and started slowly jerking it off. She ground harder and harder onto my mouth and nose. At times, it was difficult to breathe. I felt her juices running down my face. 

Surprisingly, I felt myself turned on by the fact that she was so wet and messy. She'd had three orgasms and wasn't exactly "fresh." Something about that and my helplessness, being pinned down between her legs felt kind of incredible.

She told me, "don't you dare cum. If you do, I'll send you home and I'm not sure I'll want to see you again."

I tried to focus on licking and satisfying her. Mainly to keep my mind off my dick, but also because I felt like I had something to prove to her by doing a really good job. 

As she got close to her orgasm she stopped touching me completely which solved one problem but increased my desire for her to a level I'd never really felt before. When she came, she flooded my face with her slick vaginal juices. 
