 I walk to the lobby of the hotel... sit there waiting for you. I am both nervous and excited, both these feelings have my body wide awake and ready for you. As I am waiting I feel a light touch on my shoulder. I turn around and see you standing there. I look into your eyes and see that fire that I have heard in your voice all these times. With a little grin you ask me, "Are you ready?" Not another word is spoken for the moment as we grab my things and head up to the room.

Key in... door open... bags dropped to the floor. I am there in front of you, looking into your eyes. All hell is about to break lose, and we are going to indulge in every moment of it.

I feel your arm around my waist as you pull me in close to you. We just stay there for a minute... looking into each other's eyes. Already this nervousness is fading away and the excitement is taking over. I feel your breath on my neck when you whisper to me that I am beautiful. Then so very lightly, your lips tracing over my neck, across my jawbone... then finally to my mouth. There is a moment of the lightest almost feather-lite touch between our lips. That can't last long though, I want you and my body wants you to know it.

I wrap my arms up around your neck, holding the back of your head in my hands. I pull you to me... kissing you harder and deeper, the passion you have heard in my voice coming alive... letting my tongue taste your mouth... feeling your tongue playing with mine. I suck on your tongue a bit... giving you a little idea of what I want to do to you. I feel your hands moving over my body as we kiss... feel them pulling me tighter against you as you slide them over my back. I can already feel your hardness grinding into me.

Slowly we make our way over to the bed... never breaking this kiss. Standing there at the foot of the bed... I begin kissing and nibbling your neck and that little spot just behind your ear. I run my hands over your chest, cursing that fabric that is keeping you from me. Slowly I begin to unbutton your shirt... exploring every newly exposed part of you with my hands and mouth... taking the time to nibble on each nipple just a while. Then I slide you shirt from your shoulders and let it drop to the floor.

Again I cover your body in kisses as I work my way farther down. I drop to my knees, and unbutton your jeans... then slowly, looking into your eyes, I slide the zipper down. I work your jeans down your legs inch by inch... run my hands over your legs... lightly brushing them against your inner thighs. It is obvious how much you want me... your cock is so hard... wanting out of those boxer briefs. I begin licking and nibbling on your inner thighs... working my way closer and closer to you cock... working it with my hands through your boxers. Then I run my tongue across it... letting you feel the warmth of my mouth against the head of your cock through the fabric. I feel your hands go to my hair... wrapping them up in it. I know you want for there to me nothing between my mouth and you... so i slide your boxer briefs down your legs. As I work my way back up, I stop to tease each of your balls with my tongue... tickling them with it before I gently suck them into my mouth one at a time. Then I begin to run my tongue along the length of your hard cock... very slowly... tasting every inch of it. Again looking into your eyes, I lightly suck on the head of it ... tasting the precum that is there. I want to feel you filling up my mouth. I take your cock inside my mouth... at first slowly working it with my tongue... sucking on it as you move in and out of my mouth... using my hand to cover those places my mouth isn't. I can feel your grip on my hair growing tighter as you begin to frantically fuck my face. I hear you telling me to suck you big cock... telling me how much you have wanted to be inside my mouth. This is making me so hot... even without touching it, I can tell how wet my pussy is for you.

You pull your cock out of my mouth, and quickly rip my shirt from me. Then without a word you shove my bra away from my tits... leaving it on but exposing them to you. I get up off my knees and move up onto the bed. I am at the perfect height now as you slide your cock between my tits. I love the feeling of you fucking my tits while I suck the head of your cock... your hands forcing my head down further onto you each time you thrust in between my tits. I feel you start to quiver every time my mouth goes down on you. You start fucking my mouth and my tits faster and faster.. until you cum all over them and in my mouth... letting out a loud moan as you shove yourself between my tits one last time...

We take the time to clean up a bit. You lay there on the bed in all your naked glory. I am there next to you, not able to take my eyes off you. We finally say our hellos... not that they need to be spoken now. The only thing that needs to be said doesn't need words... that now we want each other even more than we did before. This bit of playing we have done has left me aching to have you inside me. That is why this few minutes of chit chat doesn't last long.

You can tell how much I want you... knowing that has gotten you ready for more fun. Without warning you are on top of me... straddling me... leaning over me kissing me feverishly. I can't control the urge to touch you, but you have my arms pinned down above my head. You continue kissing me deeply. I love the weight of your body pressing into mine. I can tell your cock is already rock hard again... at the same time I can tell you are fighting the urge to rip the rest of my clothes off and shove it inside me.

You begin to kiss my neck... as you work your way down you stop and linger at that spot where my neck meets my shoulder. I moan a little as you give it a nice bite. You continue your way down my chest... licking and nibbling every inch as you go. When you get to my tits, you lightly graze over them, but just seem to pass them up. You leave my bra in place... confusing me and leaving me wanting your mouth on them. Still you work your way down... kissing and nibbling my belly as you go... finally moving your hands to my tits to play with them through my bra.

When you get to my jeans... looking into my eyes... you stop and take the time to rub my pussy through them. I am wanting you so bad that even through my jeans, I cant help but raise myself to try to get closer to you. Slowly you unbutton and unzip them, and even more slowly... teasing me with your tongue as you do... you slide them down my legs. Then you start to work your way back up... lightly brushing your hand over my legs and across my inner thighs. You move all the way up until you are all but touching my wet pussy through my panties... close enough that you can feel the heat coming from it.

With one swift movement you grab my legs and throw them on either side of you. Then you pull me up until I am straddling you. This itself drives me insane. I can feel your cock pressing against me... just one small piece of fabric keeping me from having you inside me. I feel your hands on my back... holding me tight against you as you kiss me again. This time the kiss is different than before. It is more wanting... our tongues literally trying to fuck each other.

Before I even realize what you are doing, you have my bra unfastened and are throwing it to the side. Your mouth breaks away from mine... only to move down and take my left nipple into your mouth. It sends chills through me to feel your hot mouth on it... your tongue swirling around it... you lightly nibbling it with your teeth. You move your hands to my chest... cupping a tit in each hand. Your mouth is on one nipple and you are pinching the other between your fingers. I lean back on the bed... bracing myself with one arm. The other arm is around your neck... pulling you into me as I arch my back to push my chest into your mouth. At the same time, I am rubbing my pussy against your cock. You can feel my wetness through my panties... and you want more.

You take your right hand and slide it into my panties... rubbing all around my pussy... feeling the wetness that is now dripping from it. I feel you slide a finger over my clit... then further down... slowly moving it inside me...then another. You begin to move them in and out of me more quickly. This is enough to make me crazy. I lean back and fuck your hand... grinding against it... taking your fingers deep inside me. When I feel your thumb rubbing on my clit, it is enough to push me over the edge. All at once I am trembling as I begin to cry out your name... clinging to you with both arms. My chest is heaving against yours... you feel my pussy tightening around your fingers. You are relentless with your hand... not stopping until I am doing all I can to catch my breath and recover. As you finally do pull your hand from my panties, I take your fingers into my mouth and suck my wetness off them. Then again I kiss you... letting you taste my pussy from my lips... sucking it off my tongue.

After tasting me like that... you want more. Like an animal, you push me to my back and rip my panties away from me. You stand up, grab my legs, and pull me to the edge of the bed. Quickly you go down on your knees and throw my legs over your shoulders. There is no teasing this time, within seconds I feel your tongue probing inside my pussy... lapping up and drinking my wetness. Then I feel your tongue on my clit... first lightly... working over it from the bottom to the top. The feeling of your tongue itself is making me tremble, but I still have this ache to have something inside me... filling me.

I reach down under my left leg and start to fuck myself with my own fingers. Seeing this turns you on even more. The pressure of your tongue on my clit gets firmer... moving so slowly, but with such force. I take my other hand and grab your hair... pulling it just a little. Even I am not sure if it is to guide you or if it is my way of holding on to sanity while you are doing such a good job of pushing me over the edge. I pull my legs from around your shoulders and plant them on either side of you on the bed. I can't help but move my hips to meet you. I bring my ass off the bed, arching my back to force your face deeper into my pussy... still moving my fingers in and out of myself... faster and deeper each time.

Finally I can't contain it any longer. I pull my fingers out of my pussy so I can again fuck your tongue. My body is shaking all over as I bring my body off the bed... arching my back as much as I can to bring my hips to your face... leaving only my feet and my own shoulders to support me as I wildly fucking your face. When the wave of this awesome orgasm finally subsides... all I can say in between my fast, heavy breaths is, "I want your cock inside me...Fuck me NOW XXXXX!"

Those words are enough. We have to finally have each other. Your cock is ready for me... throbbing, wanting to be inside me. Again you throw my legs over your shoulders... kissing and nibbling them as you do. You start to rub my clit again with your thumb. At the same time, you take your cock in your hand and slowly stroke it just a little while I watch you. I love watching you touch yourself... seeing how big it looks in your hand just makes me want it inside me that much more.

Soon,you move your hand from my clit and start sliding your cock across my pussy. The mix of your precum with the dripping wetness of my pussy lets it slide across my pussy lips so easily... the sensation sending chills through me. You start sliding it up and down over my clit. You love teasing me, and are making this ache inside me grow until it is almost unbearable. Then you take the head of it and press it right up against my opening. I feel the pressure of you against me and you feel the heat coming from me. This is the ultimate torture. The kind that drives you insane, but leaves you wanting so much more.

Slowly you slide the head of your cock into me... just having that little bit of you inside me causes a mix of some relief and uncontrollable desire for more. Slowly you tease me with it... pulling it back out and rubbing it against my clit again... only to do the same over. Back in just enough to tease me... then across my clit and back down to my pussy. Your teasing is making me so damn wet for you... I can't stand it much longer. The next time you press your cock against me, I lock me legs behind your head and use them for leverage and raise my hips to you. I meet you hard and force you deep inside me.

You start to slowly fuck me... sliding your cock deeper inside me every time you enter me. I meet you every time... this slow steady rhythm waking up all the nerves in my body. I let out a small moan as I feel your hands on my hips... guiding me to you... you sliding even deeper into me. I love the way you feel inside me... the way you fill me, but the look in my eyes tells you I want more. I want to be fucked hard.

You tell me "turn over." I pull my legs away from your shoulders and start to turn over. You give me a lil smack on the ass as I do... your way of telling me to hurry. I move myself up to the head of the bed... leaning over the headboard just a little. I look back at you... wanting you back inside me. Quickly you move in behind me. I feel your hands on my tits and can feel your cock pressing against my ass. I have tingles shoot through my body when I feel your breath on my neck and hear your heavy breathing in my ear. As you slide cock across my pussy again I hear those words I have heard so many times... " Are you ready to have your ass ruined, Heather?"

There is only one way to answer you, and it isn't words. As hard as I can, I shove my ass back toward you... forcing your cock all the way inside my pussy. Even though I have wanted you inside me this bad, I can't help but let out a little moan of surprise when all of your cock is shoved inside me.

There is no sympathy as you start fucking me... I feel you slamming into me harder and faster every time you thrust into me. I push through this pleasurable pain to come back and meet you every time. I feel your hands on my hips pulling me into you even harder... feel them giving me a lil smack on the ass occasionally.

I raise myself up so I am more upright... using my right hand to prop myself against the headboard as I move back to meet you. I feel your left hand wrap up in my hair... pulling my head back to bring my neck to your mouth... again biting it... a lil harder this time. Your right hand kneading my tits. At the same time you keep fucking me... slowly pulling your cock out to the edge of my pussy... then slamming it back into me as fast and hard as you can. I let out a loud cry every time you move back inside me... feeling you so deep inside me that you are slamming into the walls of my pussy. I hear these same moans from your mouth as I reach behind me and fondle your balls with my left hand while you fuck me.

You feel my pussy begin to tighten around your cock as you take me to the edge. Just when you have me ready to go over the edge... you stop. You pull yourself from me and turn me around... never taking your hand from my hair. With your hands in my hair you guide my mouth to your cock again. It excites you even more to see me licking and sucking my juices off your cock. While I am sucking you again... I take my fingers and slide them inside me... pull them back out, and slide them into your mouth... letting you taste me at the same time.

This time it is my turn. I force you onto your back... start nibbling across you chest as I position myself above your cock. Those flashes of fantasy you have had in the past become reality as I sit above you... just close enough that you can feel the heat of my pussy on you again. I lean over you kissing you... feel your hands on my tits... your cock pressing against me, wanting back inside me. Then I feel your mouth move over my nipples again... as your hands move down my back and to my ass.

Your hands start rubbing my ass... pulling me closer to you. Slowly I lower myself back onto you... taking in the head of your cock then raising back off you... wanting to tease you like you did me... start to feel you trying to force yourself deeper into me. I raise up from you and look into your eyes as I slam myself all the way down on your cock. I feel your hands back on my hips... raising me off you and slamming me back down on you harder and harder as I fuck you.

As I start to feel you pulsing inside me... I lean back so that I can take you deeper inside me... bracing myself with my right arm. I take my left hand and start rubbing my clit... working faster and faster as I fuck you faster and deeper. I feel your hands start moving all over my body... then you wrap them around my waist and pull yourself up. Again I feel your mouth on my chest... your arms still wrapped around me... helping to guide me as I fuck you wildly.

I feel your hands again go to my ass... I wrap my arms around your neck. I am so close now... and I know you are too. I feel you pulling me to you harder and harder... feel you stretching my pussy around you as my muscles start to tighten around you. I can't control my breathing or the noises coming from me when I finally cum around your cock. At the same time I feel you force yourself inside me a few last times... with more force than you have had. So hard that it makes me scream as you cum inside me.

We stay there for a few moments... wrapped up inside each other. Finally you fall back and I collapse on top of you... look in your eyes and in between my panting, say those words... the 'right' this time. " Oh damn XXXXX!"