 This story is a work of fiction and all characters involved are over the age of 18. 

*

My name is John, I am 21 and this is the story of the first time I had sex with my sexy neighbor. 

First I will tell you about her. Her name is Nicola, she is 31, five foot seven with long black hair usually in a ponytail, she has 32D breasts and a fantastic ass. I had wanted to fuck her since she moved in next door two years ago.

The story started on a stormy night a few weeks ago. I was walking to my house in the pouring rain having been at work all day. 

As you can probably guess I was soaking wet as I got to my front door. It was locked and I realised that I had left my key at work. 

I called my mom to see when she would be home and she said she would not be home for a few hours. 

I called my bro and he said he would not be back till the early hours of the morning as he was doing overtime. 

I was about to call one of my friends when my next door neighbor opened her front door and spoke to me "Hey John, why are you standing around in this weather?" 

"I left my keys at work and my mom and brother will not be back for a few hours at least" I replied. 

She looked deep in thought then said "Why don't you come in here and wait for a few hours?" 

"Are you sure?" I asked. 

"Of course she replied. 

"Ok, thanks" I said and followed her into the house.

I walked through the door and she shut and locked it behind me. "Where's Derek?" I asked (Derek is her 55 year old husband). 

"He's away on a business trip until next week." She replied. "I'm just going to take a shower I will not be too long" she announced. As she walked off I could help but watch her ass in her tight jeans.

About ten minutes later I heard her coming down the stairs, I turned to look and my eyes nearly popped out. She was wearing a very low cut silk nightie with an open silk dressing gown. 

As she bent down to pick up the TV remote I almost got a full view of her amazing tits, my cock instantly hardened. "What are you watching?" she asked. 

"Nothing really I have just been flicking through the channels." I replied.

She didn't say anything for another five minutes, but when she did speak she took me by surprise "John, do you think I am attractive?" she asked. 

I answered her almost immediately "Of course I do." 

"Really?" she probed. 

"Yes, I think you are the sexiest woman I have ever seen, why?" I asked. 

"Well, Derek and I have not had sex in a few months and when i try to start something he just says he is tired" she said looking troubled. I thought to myself that Derek was a fool. If she was my wife I would be fucking her all day if I could. 

"Well, maybe he is just tired." I replied. 

"I think he might be having an affair" she burst out, on the verge of tears. 

"If he is then he is the biggest fool I have ever met. If I was married to you I would never leave you alone" I consoled.

"Thank you" She replied, smiling, as she said that she put her hand on my lap and right on my hard cock. As soon as realised what she had done she pulled her hand away, looked at me and asked "Are you hard because of me?" 

I felt my face redden. "Of course I am. You look so sexy in your nightie" I blurted out. For a second I thought she would throw me out but instead she pulled me into a very passionate kiss. 

Our tongues swirled in each others mouths for a minute, then she stopped and said the words that I wanted to hear "Let's go upstairs and fuck." Then she grabbed my hand and pulled me up the stairs.

The bedroom door was flung open by her, and she pulled me in and shut the door behind her and kissed me again then pushed onto the bed. 

She knelt on the floor in front of me and unzipped my jeans and pulled them down to reveal a big bulge in my boxers. I have a decent sized eight inch cock and it's very thick too. 

I took off my t-shirt as she pulled my boxers off revealing my throbbing member. She gasped and said "I have not had a dick this big for years!" 

Then she started to suck it and oh my god could she suck a cock. It was the best blowjob I had ever received. 

Within a minute I was groaning " Oh my god I am going to cum", she carried on sucking until I exploded in her mouth. "That was the best blowjob ever Nicola!" I gasped. 

"My pleasure" she purred. As I sat up she threw off her dressing gown and pulled of her nightie to reveal she was naked underneath. 

Her tits were amazing and her pussy hair was shaved into a strip and I could see she was wet already. I stood up and kissed her passionately then lowered her to the bed. She spread her legs revealing her pussy lips. 

I immediately went to work licking her pussy and sucking her clit, she moaned loudly at this. Her pussy was the sweetest I had ever tasted. 

When I started to thrust my tongue in and out of her pussy she screamed out, "Oh my god you are so good at that. Fuck my pussy with your tongue, Oh God Yes." 

Not long after she screamed out "Oh god, I am going to cum" and with that her juices flowed out of her pussy all over my face.

I lifted my head and went up her body and kissed her again, letting taste her own juices. My cock was hard again and rubbed the entrance of her pussy, she moaned into my ear "Put that big dick in my pussy and fuck me." 

I reached down and guided my dick into her pussy she was so wet I slid in easily but she was so tight I could feel her stretch as I entered, it felt amazing. "Oh god, your cock is stretching my pussy so much. It feels so good!" she moaned. 

I started move in an out slowly but gradually built up a good pace. "Oh god your cock is so big. Fuck my pussy with your big cock" she moaned. 

I obliged and began to hammer into her pussy. After a few minutes of this she screamed "Oh fuck you feel so good in my pussy John I am going to cum all over your big cock" and she did, I could feel her coat my dick with her juices. 

I slowed down to let her calm down and she said "Let me get on top for a while." I rolled over onto my back with her still on my cock. She began to ride me hard and fast, I knew I would not cum for a while because of the earlier blowjob. 

She rode me hard for ten minutes slamming herself down onto me, moaning loudly all the while. "Oh God your cock is amazing, I am cumming again!" she screamed while again coating my cock with her juices.

She slumped forward before getting off my cock and moaned "Fuck me from behind." She got onto her hands and knees as I got behind her and slammed my cock back into her. 

"Oh my god, you feel even bigger than before. Fuck me!" she screamed. I slammed into her for all I was worth. 

She was screaming constantly "Oh god yes!" "You fuck me so good!" "You fill my pussy so much!" "Fuck my pussy!" 

After a few minutes I felt the familiar tingle in my balls. She screamed out " Oh fuck yes! I cannot believe I am cumming again!" 

I felt her coat my cock as I shouted "I am going to cum Nicola!" 

"Come inside me John! Fill my pussy with your hot cum!" I slammed in as deep as I could and unload deep in her pussy. 

I shot spurt after spurt into her pussy, I felt like I would not ever stop. "I can feel your cum deep inside me John!" she screamed. I finally stopped cumming and pulled out of her well fucked pussy.

We lay next to one another panting until she said "I wish we had done this when I first moved in. I wanted to as soon as I saw you in the garden but did not because I was married." 

"Me too, my dick was hard as soon as I saw you." I said. 

"Well we should make up for lost time then." she said with a grin." Every day since then we have fucked when her husband is out. She found out last week he was cheating on her but for some reason she was not too bothered anymore.

THE END