 I am in my late 30s and my sex life is pretty much dead with my spouse. I do venture out occasionally to meet with an independent escort who fulfills my needs. My wife and I made the cardinal mistake of going into business with her sister and brother-in-law. My sister-in-law is a few years younger than my wife, cute and has a nice body. Her kids have taken their toll, but she still has a rack to die for. I would assume they are at least a 36D...maybe more. She also wears lovely thongs all the time. I sneak a peak when I can and have even masturbated while sniffing them a few times. Needless to say, I would love to get my hands on her body and take advantage of her awesome tits and most likely lovely pussy.

Anyway, to get back to the story...we are in business together and they have recently hit some hard times. Of course my sick mind took over when I heard this thinking how can I leverage this to my advantage. I was thinking I could use my escort money to help them out, but wanted something in return. The question was how to approach my sister in law with my nasty plan without getting in trouble with my wife and ruining my marriage. My sister in law and I have flirted at times, but nothing serious so I knew I might have a shot. She also had mentioned that her sex life was very empty because her husband traveled a lot and when he was home was always tired.

I invited Lisa out to lunch to put my plan into motion. She showed up wearing a nice little sun dress which accentuated her large tits. I could see a sexy bra underneath and was assuming there was a hot thong underneath...or better yet nothing. We ordered some wine with lunch and she was very talkative and told me more details about their financial needs. Basically my escort money could take care of them with some left over. When I knew she had had enough wine to loosen her up, I started to tell her that I could help in return for something for me. She had a worried look on her face. I told her it wasn't that bad and explained that I would pay her a sum every time we met and that we would need to meet five times a month to meet her new financial obligations. Her first response was that she wasn't a whore and that my wife would be devastated if she found out. I told here she wasn't a whore and that I was only trying to help us both out...plus take care of both of our sexual needs. That seemed to strike a cord with her and she agreed to at least try it and see what developed after that. 

We went back to her house and sat on the couch. I asked her to get up and strip for me. It was a little awkward at first, but she came around and started getting into it. She slipped off her dress and started playing with her big tits...licking and pinching the nipples. She then told me...you want to see your slut's pussy...and I went nuts. She danced around in her little thong and finally bent over in front of me and slipped it off. I didn't see a snippet of hair and knew I was in for a treat. I love to eat pussy and shaved pussy is the best. I had her join me on the couch and we proceeded to kiss...awesome, deep, French kisses. I finally got my hands on those tits and sucked them like I hadn't eaten in days. She had the longest nipples and they were very responsive. I laid her back on the couch and kissed my way from those tits down to her lovely, shaved pussy. I passed by and kissed down her legs. She was begging me to eat her and give her some release, but I had other plans. I sucked on her carefully painted toenails and her lovely calves. I then worked my way back up to my feast. I started licking the outer lips and then worked my way inward avoiding her clit. She was pulling on my hair talking dirty and really enjoying the attention. It must have been weeks since being eaten out last. I pushed her legs up and licked down her "taint" to her lovely ass bud. I proceeded to lick her ass and stick up my tongue in it for a few minutes. She was going crazy wanting to cum. I licked my way back up and asked her what she wanted. She told me she wanted to cum all over my face...and I was totally up for that. I attacked her clit while I put two fingers into her tight pussy. She locked her legs on my head and was ready to explode. I nibbled and licked her clit while working my fingers in and out of her. She convulsed and had a huge orgasm. I kept licking while the waves continued to grasp her. I rose up and kissed her again. She was licking my face tasting her sex and basking in her glory.

When she got her composure, she pushed me back onto the couch and pulled on my belt. She then reached out and pulled out my messy cock. I leak lots of pre-cum when I am giving oral...it almost gets me off. She said she loved my tool and said it was a bit longer and thicker than her husband's. My brother in law said that her oral skills were lacking so I wasn't expecting much. I was pleasantly surprised. She attacked my cock with great skill while staring at me while she sucked me. I wanted to get my cock in between those big tits and she read my mind. She wrapped them around my cock while she sucked the head. She had me almost on the verge very quickly. I didn't want to waste my load yet, so I pulled out and put her back on the couch. I had her bend over the couch and teased her pussy with my swollen cock. I told her to tell me what she wanted and she said, "Fuck your whore sister in law with that big cock." I totally obliged and as I slipped it in all the way until my balls were slapping her ass. I reached around and pulled on her nipples as I fucked her. She was screaming and loving it. I pumped her for all I was worth until she started to tense up for her second major orgasm...that put me over the edge and I filled her with my huge load. I flipped her around and had her lick off the remaining cum and her juices off of my cock. 

It was the first of our new business deal...only time will tell what the future holds....