 I am sleeping peacefully in the quiet of my hotel room, when I awake ever so slightly to my heart racing. You just walked through the door and it is as if my body can sense you being there, react to your presence, even in my sleep. With my eyes still closed, I feel your lips brush my forehead, then my cheek. As I pull my eyes open, I smile, happy to see you standing over me, completely naked and ready for a morning of sheer pleasure. You kiss my lips, a slow, deep kiss that excites me in a way only you can. 

"Hi," you whisper into my mouth as you break from our kiss. 

"Hi baby," I respond, still grinning ear to ear at the mere sight of you above me. I close my eyes again and let your tongue overwhelm me. You gently sweep my mouth with your tongue, nibbling slightly at my bottom lip, pulling it away from my mouth, and then diving back in to let our tongues interlude once more. My hands rest on your naked body for a second, your skin feels cold in comparison to the warmth that surrounds me in bed. I scoot over, giving you space on the bed next to me, inviting you under the covers with me. We lie in bed together, bodies pushed against one another, kissing passionately for a moment, in the quiet darkness of the early morning. 

As my body moves closer and closer to yours, I feel your dick pressing against me. My mouth suddenly becomes wet with lust, with the desire to have you fill my mouth in the most delicious way possible. I move my face down between your legs and slowly take you deep into my mouth. Wrapping my hand around the base, I allow my mouth to move slowly up and down your shaft, my spit coating you and sliding down, pooling at my hand. I use my other fingers to scoop your balls up, slightly rotating them in my hand. With my lips wrapped tightly around your thickness, I slowly, but steadily, increase my pace, letting you harden in my mouth. I pull my hand upward, squeezing with a certain pressure I know you enjoy. Up and down, I continue, wanting to draw out every second of pleasure for you. 

I feel your hand run up my back, very slowly. Your finger tips drag against the skin of my back, a certain gentleness present in your fingertips that fills me with warmth. 

"Good girl," you whisper. "You're such a good girl." As easily as the words fall from your lips, I soak them in, wanting to be a good girl. Needing to be your good girl. Needing to belong to you, needing your total possession. I continue just as I was, the simple words you have whispered to me feeling significant in the moment, significant in my head. Your hands move lower, down my back, smoothing over my ass, and resting against the opening I need you to own. I can feel how wet I have grown by merely your touch, by having your cock grace my mouth. I feel you put a finger, maybe two inside of me. It feels momentarily good, but two fingers will never ease the ache I am feeling between my legs. I push my lower half down on your hand, needing to feel you deeper inside of me, craving release. And then I feel you put another finger inside of me. 

"That's three," you say as I let out a muted moan around your dick. Your fingers stretch me. I know that there is no way three fingers compares to the thickness of your cock, and yet I feel stretched. I re-focus myself on you, on how stretched my mouth feels with your cock flowing in and out of it. I love the soreness I feel in my jaw as I try to take you deeper. Intentionally, I let my spit roll down your length and puddle in my hand. I wanna be your sloppy girl. I feel you start to work a fourth finger into me. I wonder to myself what you are doing, this is unusual for me. I feel you put your other hand against my ass, almost pulling me open, getting a better angle to put an additional finger in. I focus on your cock, the movements of my mouth becoming increasingly tighter, faster as I try to ignore the pleasurable pain occurring between my own legs. I want to please you. I'm not ready for my own pleasure yet. I am not deserving of it yet. 

And then your fourth finger pushes into my body. With your cock still in my mouth, I feel my body instinctually coil upward, away from your hand. But then I feel a sudden sense of emptiness, so I quickly force myself back downward, forcing your fingers deeper into me. The sensation of the stretching is intense, nearly too intense for me to focus on anything else. I pull my mouth off your cock and groan in both pleasure and in pain. My hands are wrapped around the flesh of your thigh, my fingernails digging ever so slightly into your skin in sheer intensity. And then your other hand reaches down again, pulling my body open as I feel your thumb sneak up to join your other fingers. Holy shit. Is he going to put his whole hand in there? 

I stop thinking about what you are doing and put my lips tightly around your cock again, but I can't seem to focus on your oral pleasure entirely. I find myself just leaving gentle kisses on the head of your dick, sucking it very shallowly in my mouth. Letting my tongue push it against the roof of my mouth each time I feel myself stretch a little more at the mercy of your hand. You push your hand in a little more and I squeeze you in my mouth a little more, dig my fingers into your thigh a little more. The intensity flows right through me and back into you. And then you pull back just a little, giving me time to adjust. 

I take a deep breath, unsure if I want you to continue. Momentarily I think about telling you to stop, but my need to be your good girl outweighs my fears. I trust you completely and I know you would never hurt me. And every time you push a limit with me, the result is never anything short of utter fulfillment and near ecstasy. You always seem to know exactly what I want, what I need, even when I have no idea. I push myself back down onto your hand, signaling that I am ready for more. I feel your hand slowly rocking back and forth, moving a little deeper every second. 

"You're gonna feel a pop in a second," you say. I am still making a pathetic effort to give you a proper blow job, but I am failing. I take a deep breath and brace myself for whatever sensation you are about to send through me. And then I feel it, your entire hand pop inside of me. I clench my fists, the skin of your thigh wrapped inside of my hand as I do. My mouth rests against your leg and I find myself both biting your leg and letting out the most primal moan against it. 

"I just closed my fist," you say. I already know this, but something about hearing you say it aloud is intoxicating. Maybe it's just you, maybe you are intoxicating. It takes me a minute to adjust, but I do. I am able to loosen my grip on your leg, relax my body slightly, and absorb this moment. 

"How do you feel?" you ask. 

"Full," I say. "Very full." There is an unusual pressure that is difficult to describe. I am used to you driving so deep inside of me, but right now, the feeling I have is more my need to hold you in, to not let your hand pull away. I don't know how else to explain it, I just feel full. And that is a fullness the exists on every level. My body full with the physical effects of your presence. But my mind and my heart are full with your gentle warmth so perfectly paired with your willingness to push me to new places. 

As I adjust and am more comfortable, I guide my mouth back to your cock. I still feel undeserving of the pleasure you are giving me. I need to reciprocate that pleasure for you, but you have been very distracting. We remain in this state for a few moments. My mouth continuing to move up and down your cock at various speeds, my attempt to excite you for our next action. You slightly rotate your fist inside of my body, which is a bizarre and yet incredible feeling. My body is climbing, but not in the normal way. I feel my entire core beginning to clench, you are drawing my orgasm out in a completely different way. I take my mouth off of you again and move back to your leg, gripping you tightly to release some of the tension building inside of me. You know exactly what is happening to me, even if I am struggling to wrap my head around it. You quickly pull your hand out of my body, and with that motion, my entire lower half convulses in one of the strongest orgasms I've ever experienced. 

"Holy fuck," I utter out, my lips pressed against your leg. My entire body tightens yours, my fingertips once again digging into your legs. Every muscle in my body is rigid. I stay in this position for a moment while my body remembers it can move. Once I have control of my body again, I lay down next to you, snuggling up against your chest. My vision is a little white, my breathing rapid. I lay next to you, needing to return to some sort of normal state before anything else. I feel your hand stroke my hair, a gentle kiss on top of my head. I smile to myself. You truly are a perfect balance of everything I need. 

After a few moments of recovery, I find myself with a sudden, intense hunger for you. I sit up and throw my leg over your waist, straddling you. Leaning down, I kiss your face, your ear, your neck. I bite your neck. Hard enough to demonstrate my desire, but gentle enough to not mark you. Then I plant a quick, but hungry kiss on your lips before reaching down and guiding your dick into the emptiness that your hand created. I let my body slide down around your length, letting you hit that deep spot that not even your fist could satisfy. I reach my hands up, resting them against the headboard. My head flips up to the ceiling as a deep groan leaves my mouth. I could sit and let your cock tickle me deep inside for hours, just like this. I pull my body up, away from you, letting your cock slide out of me momentarily. And then back down, slowly, letting you slowly fill me again. And back up. Back down. I crave your deepness. I love how that spot deep inside of me, the one that brings near instant orgasm, belongs only to you. As I move up and down on top of you, I hear my own wetness around your cock, the audible proof of the satisfaction you drew out of me moments ago. 

I feel your hands grip my hips. You hold me still and drive up into me, quickly. No, go slow. I want to feel everything. I try to meet your movements, slow your pace. But wait, fuck, your speed feels good. And then you use your grip on my hips to flip me over so you are on top of me. Good god, there is nothing sexier than your aggressive nature in bed. You gaze down on me for a second. I can't help but to grin up at you, as if I am some love sick middle schooler. You kiss me, slowly, once again flirting with my bottom lip, pulling it away from me, only returning it to dip your tongue in my mouth again. I pull my legs up to your sides, squeezing you. And then you enter me again. Not holding anything back, you drive hard and deep into me. With the first thrust, I know I won't last long before my body is diving over the edge again. I close my eyes. I love the sound, the smell, the feel of you over me, our bodies existing in unison. I open my eye and gaze at you. I love the sight of you over me. I love watching you move in and out of me with such grace, such passion, and so much damn force. My whole body tightens. Again. 

"You're gonna go again, aren't you?" you ask. 

"Uh-huh," I say in a muted voice, almost embarrassed at how easily you can force me into orgasm. I close my eyes and turn my head to the side, knowing I am seconds away from being overwhelmed with release. Two, maybe three more hard thrusts into me and I am falling off the edge. I squeeze your body between my legs. The wetness I feel between my legs is unmatched. Did I just pee myself? Was it that intense that I lost control of my bladder? I pull my arms up and around your back, pulling us closer together, skin to skin. I feel the slight moisture on your skin transfer to mine as I grip onto you while the aftershocks of my orgasm roll through me. You stop and just let my body recover, let me hold you close to me. I feel so surrounded, so protected in this moment. I never want to leave. 

As I come back down, you return to your previous actions, chasing your own release. I look up at you, simply admiring you. I feel like I could watch you on top of me all day, perhaps every day. I smile at you, as you continue to the assault occurring between my legs. As you thrust into me harder, I feel the wetness of my orgasm gushing out. I hear it. I smell it. Fuck, did I squirt in that orgasm!? Is that even possible? You continue, unaware of the questions racing through my head. It doesn't take too long and I feel you pull out of my completely and stand up on the bed. I sit up beneath you, facing you, ready for the satisfaction of feeling your release on my face. You put your hand on your dick ad stroke it against me, letting the warmth of your cum fall all over my face. I smile, so pleased in this moment. I open my mouth and lick around my lips, tasting what I can. You stand in front of me and I can't help but to wrap my lips around the tip of your dick and just nibble ever so slightly. You shudder a bit, my mouth a little overwhelming against you in a moment of sensitivity. We both smile at each other. 

We hop off the bed and spend a quick moment cleaning up. I meet you back at the bed. You stand facing the bed and I snuggle up behind you, my front to your back. I wrap my arms around your waist, resting my hands against your chest. I let my head fall against your back. Next to us there is a full-length mirror. I can't help but to stare at our reflection. I love how tall, strong you look right now, how I fit perfectly against you. It is almost as if I fill any negative space your body creates, fitting together like two puzzle pieces. With my arms against you, I can feel your chest rise and fall with every breath you take, your breath slowing, calming as we stand there. Each breath you take is a little deeper and longer than the last. Your skin is soft, yet still moist from activities just moments ago. I can feel your heart beat against my hand, I can hear it with my head resting against your back. I count your heart beats. They are slowing the same way your breath is. I am so clear, so calm in this moment. There is nothing to focus on except you.