 "Darcie, would you come over here for a second?" Jillian called from across the aisle. Darcie's dark head popped up from a rack of shirts, "Um, sure, give me just a minute." she replied brightly.

Darcie worked at a department store, in the clothing section. She'd been working there for nearly a year, and really enjoyed it. Her body usually caused her to be placed in the Men's Department, since the guys could be coerced into buying more than they actually needed. Her tiny little body seemed to attract guys of all sizes, though she was oblivious to that fact. At about 5'4 and barely 120 pounds soaking wet, she was a petite girl if there ever was one. She had tiny breasts, barely a mouthful, and a tight round ass. Her hair was dark and straight, falling down to the middle of her back.

"Hey." Darcie said quietly "what did you need?"

Jillian was Darcie's supervisor, and was a beautiful woman. She was about fifteen years her senior, but looked only a few years older. She had two children, but had managed to keep her slender figure. Her breasts were large and firm, and she often wore low-cut shirts that showed off her milky skin.

Jillian turned and smiled at Darcie, "Oh, hey. I just need you to go refold the jeans in Men's." "Ok, is there anyone working over there tonight?" "No, she went home early, so I'm sure it needs some work." Jillian turned back to the shirts she was folding.

Darcie walked over to the denim area, and let out a puff of air. "Needs some work? It looks like an atomic bomb went off over here!" She said to under her breath. She folded for about thirty minutes just to get the first table under control, moving on to the next table, she heard the cashiers at the front getting loud. It was a slow night, so everyone got silly when there was no one around.

In a few minutes her boyfriend, Tanner, walked over. "Was that you they were squealing over a few minutes ago?" Darcie asked smiling "Yeah, I guess it's pretty slow, if I'm the highlight of the night."

Tanner was a big guy, tall, nearly six feet. Fairly athletic build, not muscle bound, but still nicely cut. His dark brown hair and chestnut eyes made all the girls scamper along behind him, but he only had eyes for Darcie.

Darcie was on her knees folding the jeans on the bottom shelf, when she looked up at Tanner, she drew in her breath in a little gasp. The look in his eyes was unmistakable; it was that deep dark look that could only be defined as "sex".

"Tanner, what are you thinking?" Darcie asked warily.

"What time do you get off?" He asked huskily. "In about an hour and a half..."

"Damn, that's too long."

"What are you talking about?" Darcie asked a she rose to her feet and faced him.

Tanner made a quick grab for her ass. "I could have sworn you got off in a few minutes, I was really horny so I thought I would come get you from work for some fun."

Darcie jerked out of his reach, "Stop that, you're going to get me in trouble! You're just going to have to wait, I have to stay at work."

"Hmph, maybe I don't wanna wait." He mumbled under his breath. He took a step back and crossed his arms.

Darcie continued to fold, ignoring him, but when she looked back at him she froze. He had been rubbing his crotch and now she could see a bulge through his jeans. He took a few steps towards her, and she stood up.

"Tanner!" She said looking around "Stop it, you need to just leave if you're only going to cause me trouble."

"Come on, you guys have no customers! Just ask if you can leave!" 

"No! They won't let me, the girl that was supposed to work over here left early, so I can't."

"Ok, well, then don't leave. Let's just find a corner somewhere." Tanner took another step towards her until he was against her, and slipped a hand onto her waist.

When Darcie felt his cock pressing against her she swallowed hard and started shaking her head. "Are you crazy? We can't have sex in the store, I'll lose my job!"

He took her hand a placed it on the bulge in his jeans, now much bigger than before, and squeezed her hand. Darcie kept making excuses and looking around, while Tanner was thrusting against her hand. "Come on, I have an idea." Tanner breathed.

Tanner scanned the store, seeing no customers or other employees around, he grabbed her hand again and led her through the racks.

"The Men's Fitting Room?" Darcie gasped, "You want to have sex in the fitting room? We can't do that, what if someone comes in?"

"There's hardly anybody in the store, you'll just have to be quiet." Tanner said with a grin. Darcie still wasn't sure, but whether she wanted to or not she could feel her pussy getting wet. As he led her into the fitting room she glanced around, she didn't see anyone either, and she relaxed just a little bit.

He led her to the back stall in the fitting room and shut the door behind them. "What are you gonna do?" Darcie asked, giggling now.

"Take off your pants and get up on the bench" Tanner ordered. When she had climbed on the bench and steadied herself against the wall he grabbed onto her thighs. He made a trail of little kisses up her thigh until his face was buried in her panties. Tanner sucked on the wet fabric, "For someone who didn't want to do this, you're pretty wet." He stated matter-of-factly.

"Well, you should know I can't even think about grabbing your dick without getting turned on. And you know how much I like to see a bulge, even if I did think we would get into trouble."

Tanner was breathing hot air against her pussy and nudging against her clit with his nose. She started tilting her hips so he had better access, and when she felt the cool air from where he had moved her panties aside, she let out a little gasp. 

He slipped a finger up and down between her lips, coating his finger with her juices, and then he slid his finger into her only slightly, just to tease her. Tanner then started sucking her clit just the way she liked it, teasing circles around it, and flicking it back and forth.

When he started speeding up he could feel her thighs begin to tighten, when they started to quiver he pushed his finger into her completely. He was finger fucking her slowly to start with, but he was picking up speed.

"Tanner, I'm getting close." She panted

"Then get down baby, I want you to come on my dick"

Darcie climbed down, and he bent her over so that her hands rested on the bench. Tanner pulled her panties down, and she heard his pants unzip. He took his swollen cock and rubbed its head in her juices and let out a low groan. Excruciatingly slowly he slipped it into her, and just held it there. Darcie let out a little whimper and wiggled her ass to entice him, but he drew it back out just as slowly.

"Tanner! Please, will you just fuck me?" She groaned under her breath.

He only grunted and he started to gain speed. Darcie noticed the mirror in front of her and caught his eye, he grinned right before he started to pound away at her.

His dick wasn't the biggest she had ever seen, about seven inches long and not quite as thick as his wrist. But right now it felt bigger than ever, and she could feel it slam against the depths of her pussy. 

Every thrust was bringing her closer, his thick dick driving her wild. She started making little sounds, and he covered her mouth roughly.

"You gotta be quiet. Will you be quiet?" He asked gruffly, and then removed his hand enough for her to speak.

"I don't know if I can. Oh Tanner, make me come!" She panted

Tanner placed his hand back over her mouth, and then reached around to her clit with his other. He made a "Scout's Honor", put her clit in the crevice between his fingers, and started lightly rubbing up and down.

The light pressure tickled her closer, making her entire pussy tingle with the impending orgasm. Soon her breathing became much more erratic, and her pussy kept tightening up. He pressed harder and rubbed much faster making her moan against his hand. He leaned close to her ear, still pounding his cock into her.

"You like that, you little whore? You like being fucked in here?" Tanner whispered.

Darcie nodded her head yes with her eyes squeezed tight.

"You gonna come for your daddy, right on my big dick?"

He could feel his balls pulling up; talking to her like that always got him, the way she just took it like some kind of tramp.

She started bucking against him and reached back to grab a hold of him, her nails digging into his thigh. Two more stokes of his cock and the heat of the orgasm poured over her, she trembled from the sheer power of it.

Tanner kept working her clit as she came, drawing out her orgasm. In only a few seconds, her orgasm pushed him over the edge as well. He squirted his hot cum into her pussy, over and over again, until it started seeping out around him.

Slowly he pulled out of her, letting out a sigh when he slipped out.

"Aren't you glad I came by?" He asked with a grin

"Mmm, am I ever. You know, I get off in about an hour, think you'll be up to round two?"

"You better believe it. Come on, you've got work to do."