 Many thanks to Asylum Seeker for his superb editing and improvements. Thanks also to S-Des for valuable suggestions and encouragement.

"I got an email today about this year's campus fitness challenge," John said as he returned a pair of dumbbells to the rack with a muted clang.

Between strides on the treadmill, Mary replied "Wasn't last year a full-day endurance race?"

"Yeah; that marathon runner from the History department came in miles ahead of everyone else."

"So, what's the contest this year?"

"It has three parts. There's a five mile run, powerlifting, and a physique contest." John laughed as he continued "I have no idea who could do well in that kind of mix. Endurance aerobics, pure strength, and showy body-builder muscles all require very different kinds of training."

"Well, maybe that's the point," Mary interjected. "No one specialty has an edge this year." She stepped off the treadmill and wiped her forehead with a towel. "You should enter this year; you've been running, you've been lifting weights forever, and you've got really nice muscles."

"Thanks for the compliments, sweetie," John said as he picked up a heavier set of dumbbells and started doing shoulder presses. "First, I don't think my two-mile jogs have prepared me to keep up with all the relentless runners. Second, there are plenty of real bruisers on campus who can bench press my weights and me at the same time. Third, bodybuilders have major league muscles - I couldn't live down being seen on stage in a set of Speedos."

"I think this is exactly for you!" Mary countered. She kept an admiring eye on John's shoulders as they flexed under the narrow straps of his tank top. She picked up a set of dumbbells and began doing lunges. "You're well-balanced. You can outrun the weightlifters and you can outlift the runners. There are different age categories, right?"

John drank in the view of Mary's shapely thighs and tight buns as they pumped in her tight workout shorts. Getting fit had made her look half her real age, like a sexy twenty-something. He finally answered "Sure. One of the brackets is age 45 to 55."

"That's perfect!"

"But Mary, you've seen the photo in Jeff's family room from his bodybuilding competition. That's how 'muscular' is supposed to look. When I suggested that I should get together with Jeff and Greg for a workout, you wouldn't even let me lift weights with them."

"First of all, you won't be competing against 20 year olds, like Jeff's photo. Second, that workout you suggested was ten years ago. That was before I appreciated how strong you were. I also know now that you're really careful about lifting, and wouldn't get into any dangerous horsing around with them."

John silently switched to bicep curls. That was ordinarily an exercise to which he devoted his full intensity (unless he was staring at her, of course). Mary could see from the distant look in his eyes that she had set him thinking. Eventually he placed the weights down and took a drink while Mary waited to hear his analysis.

"OK, I could try. It would even be fun, but I see two problems. Time; I'm going to have to train my butt off for the next five weeks, and equipment; to train that heavy safely, I need to spend $500 to get a power rack."

"That's no problem," Mary answered. "You'll have lots of free time on your hands because of my Seattle project. I'll be spending two weeks of overtime here and then three solid weeks in Washington State. As far as equipment, I would love for you to make your workouts safer. I've seen you window shopping for one of those safety cage thingies for years now. And by the way," she added, "don't train your butt off, sweetie, that's your nicest feature for the female judges to enjoy."

As John started a second set of bicep curls, Mary headed towards him and put on a coquettish look. "You know, sir, I do have experience as a personal trainer, and I can help make your muscles bigger and harder. As you know, it is very important to have a strong core, so we start right at the center," she said, cupping the front of his shorts. She gasped in mock amazement and quickly transitioned. "I see, Sir, that you have already advanced beyond phase one where most of our clients begin." She started to pull down his shorts and underwear as she continued, "That means we can move right along and begin getting you very big and very hard..." 

Again pretending to be overwhelmed, Mary continued "My goodness, Sir, I've never before had a client who was already past phase two of our development program." She knelt in front of him and continued her teasing. "I see that we can start training for extremely big and extremely hard..." The remainder of her sentence was muffled as her mouth closed around his cock.

Refusing to give up possession of his throbbing rod, Mary kept a firm grip on its base and continued her smooth suction as he swiveled to return the dumbbells to the rack. His fingers were now free to sift through her damp hair. The slight twitching of his digits revealed that only his considerable self-restraint was preventing those fingers from pumping her head with increasing thrusts.

As John fell deeper under her spell, Mary soon tasted the familiar tangy-salty honey at the tip of his cock. Licking the tip to savor every bit, she moaned a gentle "Mmm" as the real emotions of contented arousal displaced her sexy play-acting role.

The accelerated pulsing of the truth-detector between her lips made her realize that the idea of this fitness competition targeted a deep desire in John, far more than he was willing to express in words. Much faster than normal, his penis tugged and twitched as it rose upwards.

Her hands made one final curve around their usual positions on his shaft and balls. Excited by the extra thoughts about his body today, she shifted her hands upwards along his chest. His muscles were as hard and broad as if the steel plates he lifted had been embedded under his skin.

He tensed and arched as the tightening of his balls indicated the approaching orgasm was beyond his control to delay. She ran her hands down the flare of his back muscles and squeezed the solid glutes of the ass she loved to watch.

With a grunt, a shudder ran through his body. She moved her hands to his abs that flexed and fit her fingers like a piano keyboard. As she stroked her hands down the scale toward the root of his cock, he exploded.

As the surge of cum filled her mouth, she swallowed to prepare for the second. Her gentle contraction around his tip and the following pulse of suction triggered a second spurt; this was followed by a groan and final spasm that surged through his body.

John staggered back and sat on the bench. Moans of satisfaction sounded from his throat as Mary licked the cum off of his satisfied shaft with long strokes of her tongue. "If you enjoyed this, just think of the sex we'll have after you win."

*****

The next week passed quickly for Mary. Preparing for the trip to the Seattle customer led to overtime every night and complete immersion at work. Instead of the relaxing lunches she would ordinarily have with John once or twice during the week, he dropped her off a sandwich and a kiss as she ran back to her desk.

After working ten hours on Saturday she decided to have a peaceful Sunday, so after church she and John sat in a restaurant catching up on each other's lives for the week. Mary's week was a hyperactive tangle of problems, bugs, demands, and counter-demands with vendors, customers, bosses, and support staff. After a non-stop hour, she had painted an intense but abbreviated description of seventy frustrating hours of work.

As John watched the tension finally ebb away from her forehead and shoulders, she gave her first smile of the meal and asked about his week. Aside from the usual yearly deluge of phone calls from incoming students and their frantic parents, he had made progress wrapping up some summer projects.

Then, Mary inquired "So, how's the fitness competition going?"

"OK. I've started training pretty intensely. I've stepped up my morning run to three miles and I've been lifting weights about two hours a day. I alternate body parts every day, of course, so I don't overtrain."

"So, how do you like your new power rack?" she asked.

"Fantastic," he answered. "I didn't even know if you noticed I bought it."

"Well, it was hard to miss the huge cardboard box out in the trash on Wednesday morning," she pointed out with a laugh.

"The improved safety is wonderful, but it will never replace you as my favorite spotter, Honey," he smiled.

They finished their dinner with a promise to spend more time together.

*****

The following week turned out to be another rushed tangle. Work became more frantic for Mary. John started working on a posing routine at the Iron Dragon, so most nights he collapsed, exhausted, into bed either before or long after Mary.

After working more than a full day on Saturday, Mary was just happy she could leave work several hours earlier than the ten o'clock that had become her grueling necessity. She arrived home, saw the basement door open, and quickly changed into a little white tee-shirt and shorts. She slipped downstairs, hoping to surprise John with her early arrival.

Before she even turned the corner and was able to see John, she heard the powerful whoosh of his breath in and out of his chest like a bellows. When she could finally see him, he was pumping dumbbells in an exercise she didn't recognize, but with an almost animalistic intensity. He had no shirt on today and was wearing a pair of his old workout shorts that had been newly cut several inches shorter, revealing his bulging thighs. He dropped the weights and turned to face a newly-installed mirror.

As he flexed to inspect the result of whatever exercise that he had been engaging in, she saw the same John, but his body was definitely more muscular. She thought she saw bulges that she had never noticed before, and the ones she had always noticed seemed much more enhanced.

"I can't believe how big you got in two weeks!" she exclaimed. "Your muscles look amazing!" Instantly concerned, she added "You're not taking steroids, are you?"

"That would be fun," he said half-seriously as he turned to smile at her. "I would love to get muscles that big, but it's not worth a destroyed liver and shriveled balls."

"Thank you, Honey. I prefer you wise and healthy." She walked over to give him a hug and a kiss. The smell of testosterone-laden sweat sent a chill down her spine. "Still, how did you make such big changes so fast?"

"Oh, nothing drastic," he said wryly. "Five times as many hours lifting weights, different exercise routines for maximum size instead of functional strength, extra protein for building muscle tissue, and creatine supplements for increasing muscle volume. Not to mention a Spartan diet and aerobics -- I've lost about three pounds of fat, so I have a little more definition."

"Well, it really worked!" she continued as he stepped inside the cage-like power rack. He lay down on the bench and positioned himself under the heavy barbell. As he started pumping the bar up and down, Mary was surprised to hear a metallic rattle. Expecting it to be due to the power rack, her eyes finally focused on the metal links hanging from each side of the bar. 

"Chains?" she asked, incredulously.

John finished the set and returned the bar to its rack before speaking. "Yeah. It's a great training method developed at Westside Barbell. As you lift the chains off the ground, the weight gradually increases to correspond to the easier biomechanics at the top."

"A little kinky, don't you think?" she asked with a smile. 

Glancing around, she spied a white sheet covering an old chair and whipped it over her shoulder to make an impromptu toga. She walked over to John who looked up from the bench with curiosity. Picking up one of the lighter spare chains, she moved John's hand behind his head. 

She wrapped the chain around his wrist and the leg of the bench, placed the loose ends in his palm and folded his fingers over them. "So, for me, Aphrodite, to have carnal love with the mighty Hercules, I would need to restrain you with these chains." She repeated the procedure with John's other hand as a smile spread across his face.

"Your deeds are known far and wide, Hercules, and they say that even among the gods, there is none to equal your strength and fair appearance." She kissed him on the lips and ran her fingers through his hair. Sliding her hands down to his shoulders, she covered his arms and chest with kisses as she continued, "Mmm, I see that the stories are indeed true. Even Zeus does not have muscles to match these."

John shifted mental gears from intense focus on his workout to revel in the passionate fantasy being spun by Mary. He had been so deprived of his lover for the past two weeks that he longed to grab and caress her, but instead he played by the rules of this new game.

Mary's tongue licked a rivulet of salty perspiration from John's neck and finished the gesture with a gentle bite to his nipple. Her kisses worked their way down John's muscular midsection as she continued in character. "The stories say that the mighty Hercules possesses a manly spear of which there is no equal on earth or Olympus. I will find the truth."

She caressed the front of his gym shorts, as if exploring him for the first time. John's cock, of course, was completely stiff and straining to expand past the constraints of mere flesh. Mary slipped her hands beneath his shorts to caress his balls, which were already tightened in their sack. He was quickly on the agonizing verge of orgasm.

"You feel very promising, Hercules, but it is time to see for myself." Pulling his shorts and underwear at the same time, she slid them off his lifted hips. "Indeed! I see that the rumors are true. This is the biggest shaft ever, and I must have it inside me." She continued sliding his shorts over his thighs and his bent knees. In the process, her fingers caressed the length of his legs until the unnecessary clothing finally left his feet. Taking two heavier chains, she wrapped them around John's ankles and the weight bench. 

"Now that you are completely in my power, we will see if the strength of your man-muscle matches the strength of your others. To win your freedom from these chains, you must complete your most difficult labor. As the goddess of sexual love, I have the most experienced love chamber in the universe, but your shaft must provide me the ultimate pleasure, beyond what I have ever felt before."

Pulling off her shorts and panties under the toga, Mary stepped over John's legs to straddle his waist. She grasped his rigid cock and guided it toward her center. She sighed as she felt his wetness merging with hers while she slid his tip up along her slit and around her engorged clit. Positioning the tip at the entrance to her waiting pussy, she rocked gently back and forth, working the bulbous head of his shaft between her slippery lips. Each of her motions sent another pulse of pressure through the root of his penis and its throbbing intensified.

Inch by inch, she slowly slid deeper onto his rod. They were already extremely wet together, but she limited her pace to feel his entry as exquisitely as possible. The slow penetration triggered intense contractions of internal muscles for both of them.


The storyline dialog degenerated to passionate grunts, groans, and expletives as their motions accelerated. After two weeks of denial and the arousal of their presence finally together, their usual conventions of gentle lovemaking turned into the vigorous, unrestrained intensity of a mortal and a god fucking each other to unparalleled heights.

As Mary went over the edge into a vortex of animal passion and love long-denied, the contractions of her walls made John's stimulation no longer possible to prolong. The pressure in his balls had been at the bursting point for minutes already and with a final grunt, he thrust his pelvis off the bench and exploded his hot semen toward her womb. He forced his cock even deeper as he ejaculated a second and third time. Finally, physically spent, John collapsed his hips back onto the bench. Mary rested her chest on his, contentedly kissing his neck and lips.

"Mmm," she finally sighed, "you are indeed the best, mighty Hercules. If I remove your chains, will you join me in the royal baths?"

"Indeed, noble Aphrodite," he replied. "You have captured my heart as completely as you captured my spear."

Mary gave a brief laugh of amusement at that line, then another contented sigh as she slid her pussy off his relaxing rod. "I wasn't kidding about the bath, you know," she added. "I'll get the wine while you untangle those chains and get your exceedingly cute butt upstairs."

*****

The following two weeks seemed both far too short and unbearably long as John intensified his training during Mary's business trip. On Saturday night, just as John was turning off the water in the shower, he heard the phone ring. He grabbed his towel and without taking the time to dry, ran out of the bathroom, grabbed the phone, and said, "Hello?" too loudly and too quickly.

"Hello yourself, Honey," Mary's voice answered from the other end of the line. "Catch you at a bad time?"

"Not really. I got back from the Iron Dragon about twenty minutes ago. I was hoping you would call, so when the phone rang, I jumped out of the shower."

"Oooh, that's something I would have enjoyed seeing. Now you've made me more homesick than ever," she sighed. After recovering Mary asked "Having fun with your workouts?"

"It's pretty intense. I started putting my workout log on a spreadsheet. If you add up every repetition, I lifted over a million pounds last week," he announced with a laugh.

"Wow!" she exclaimed, "I'm suitably impressed. How's the posing practice going?"

"Incredibly hard," John answered.

"Umm, sounds nice already."

"You dirty-minded little hottie," John teased. He stretched to relieve a few of the aches. "I meant DIFFICULT. I have to hold a pose perfectly still for ten seconds. That means tensing every muscle in my body while smiling and looking perfectly relaxed. Then I have to move gracefully and effortlessly to the next pose in blissful anticipation of again squeezing my body hard enough to puke my guts out."

"Sounds delightful," Mary retorted. "Seriously, though, I can't wait to see your routine. I really miss you."

"I miss you so much, too," John replied. "This has been a very long two weeks."

"I got back to the hotel a little earlier than usual tonight, so I got to use the gym and the pool."

"How was it?"

"Pretty nice. Not crowded, only one other woman and one guy," Mary said, filling in the details. "Seeing him really made me miss you, though. He didn't look nearly as good as you, but the difference in attitude was even more striking. He seemed all tense and nervous, and trying too hard to look macho. The contrast made me really appreciate your sense of peace and quiet power."

John theorized, "He probably just wanted to make sure he was lifting more weight than you."

"Ha, very funny," Mary countered with a fake laugh and real humor. She continued, "You know, observing the two of them made me appreciate why art is so focused on the female form. Without the nice muscles you have, he looked angular and awkward compared to her. You would have liked her outfit, nice boobs, showing some cleavage..."

"Hey," John interrupted, "I object! I only have eyes for you."

"Excuse me," Mary expounded. "Unless something has happened in the last two weeks that I don't know about, you're still male, and you're hornier than ever. I'd let you look at her once, as long as you went back to lusting after me."
