 It was late. They had been talking through most of the night. They tended to lose track of time. As she looked at her watch she said, "I should get going. I work early tomorrow."

"You could stay here," was his reply.

"Your living room is a mess! It would take an hour to just clean off the couch for me to sleep on!" she loved teasing him about his clutter. 

"You don't have to sleep on the couch," he said looking at her.

"Oh...OH...and where would I sleep?" she was finally catching on - at least she hopped she was.

"I have a very nice bed, you know," he replied taking a step toward her.

Taking a step toward him she slyly said, "Hm...but the only problem is I'm not wearing any underwear. And I hate sleeping in jeans."

He smiled, "You don't have to sleep in your jeans."

"And what would I be sleeping in?" she asked with another step closer.

With only a few inches separating them now he whispered, "I'm sure we can figure something out." And with that, he leaned in and kissed her. His soft lips pressing against his. His tongue sliding into her mouth. Teasing hers. It had been awhile since he had kissed her. A few months ago. He had gotten better, or maybe she just wanted him more now.

"I should go to bed. I have to get up early tomorrow," she opened the door to the building and he followed her back to his apartment.

She laid down on the bed as he shut the door. "I thought you didn't like sleeping in your jeans," he said as he walked over to the edge of the bed.

"Maybe you could help me with that," she giggled as she pulled him down to her. Sliding her arms around his shoulders and her leg around his waist. The tension had been building between them for a while now. The first time they had been together it had happened very randomly one night. It had been good. She hadn't forgotten and with this kiss the memory of that last time came flooding back. Her heart was already beating faster.

He sat back and pulled her to a sitting position. Softly kissing her lips as he slid his hands under her shirt, pulling it off in one swift move. He slowly laid her back on the bed and she wrapped her arms back around him, playing with his hair. He pulled his head back a little and brushed the hair out of her face. Leaving his hand on her cheek he leaned in again. The kisses were soft but forceful. He knew just how much pressure to put on her lips to drive her crazy. She slid her hands down to his chest and pushed him away. "These clothes are in my way. You need to do something about it," she said in a teasing manner.

"Oh! So now I'm supposed to do whatever you say?" he teased right back.

"Exactly. Strip." was her reply as she pushed him off the bed. He stood up and looked at her with those beautiful brown eyes of his. She propped herself up on her elbows as he started to remove his shirt. "No, no. I said strip. With music and everything. Put on something fun and shake your ass," she told him as she crawled to the end of the bed. Sitting on her knees she pulled the rubber band out of her hair and shook out her long, dark hair. She knew he was a sucker for it. "I'll make it worth your while."

That was all he needed. He leaned over his computer and started shaking his little, round butt as the music came on. The dance was fun. He had absolutely no talent, but he had fun with it and she cheered him on. In no time he was naked dancing around the room. "If you don't come over here soon I'm going to go crazy!" she called out to him. So was so attracted to the fact that he was always willing to have fun.

He stood in front of her as she pulled herself up to kiss him, tugging on his bottom lip. He slid his hands along her back and with one quick move had her bra undone. As he pulled it off he used his other hand to cup her breast. He played with her nipple as he slowly kissed his way down until his mouth was around the nipple. Sucking on it he pushed her until she was laying on her back. She draped her legs off the bed and with one hand held onto the back of his head. The other was gripping the sheets. He was driving her crazy and he knew it. He remembered how much she liked attention to her breasts. Switching back and forth between both of her nipples using his hands and tongue she was letting out little gasps and biting her bottom lip. 

She grabbed his head with both hands and pulled her up to kiss her. The kiss was urgent. He tongue swirled in his mouth and he knew she wanted him. She started sliding her way to toward the top of the bed and he crawled along with her. Making out the entire way. 

"You're still wearing your jeans," he said leaning over her. "Maybe you should do something about that. They're in my way."

She giggled as he leaned down to slowly kiss her lips. She undid her pants and slid them off. Wrapping her legs around his waist and her arms around his shoulders, she pulled him down to her. She could feel he was ready and she wanted him.

Pushing him over onto his back she used one hand to insert him into her. Sliding down him she paused for a moment. A little sigh escaped from her mouth. It had been too long since the last time. He reached up and brushed her hair away as he pulled her down to kiss him. She started moving her hips up and down as they kissed. His hips pushed back against hers and she had to stop making out. He was making it hard to concentrate. His hands were holding onto her hips and she rested her head against his shoulder. He was pushing harder against her and she could feel herself cuming. One more hard push and she was there. He held onto her hips as she arched her back and let out a moan.

She looked down at him with her hair falling around her face. He was smiling. "Mmm, that was fun," she said as she leaned down to kiss him. "Let's have some more." 

She slid her legs down and hooked her ankles around him as he pushed her over to her back. She hooked one leg around his waist and the other she used for leverage on the bed. It was no longer just sex. This was all out fucking. They wanted each other and the months of not touching had finally gotten to them. She held onto him as he pushed harder and harder. Thrusting in deeper over and over as she gasped for breath. He couldn't hold off any longer and came inside her. Exhausted he laid down next to her.

"Wow. You got good," she said looking over at her. He just smiled and kissed her. She rolled on her side and he pulled her into him. With his arm around her he held onto her hand. 

"I can feel your heart beating," he said as he pulled her close to him. She just smiled. It felt so safe, so right to be laying with him. She didn't know how much time had past, but eventually she heard his heavy breathing indicating he had fallen asleep. She was glad she stayed.