 After our first encounter for many years we went our separate ways back to our real lives. Back to the text messages and cyber sex. After we had tasted each other and experienced some of the most intense sex we had ever had this was not enough anymore. 

We arranged to meet again, this time for a whole night. I would travel down on a fake work project and Angela told her husband she was staying at her friend's house after going out for a drink with her. The date soon approached and we wound each other up, playing with ourselves as we chatted on the phone - both of us coming at the same time moaning into the mouthpiece.

As I approached the hotel I started to get nervous and excited all at the same time, my cock started to swell with the thoughts of what was about to happen. I quickly checked in and got the key to the room. Angela was already there, waiting for me at the bar. I walked up to her and ran my hand down her spine making her jump and sit up straight. She leant back against me and pushed herself back against my growing cock. She grabbed her bag, swung her legs round off the bar stool and fell into my arms. We kissed, not a full on tongue masher but more than a peck. We headed towards the lift. 

As the lift doors closed Angela melted into my arms and kissed me, her tongue forcing its way passed my lips, swirling in my mouth. One of her hands grabbed my cock and squeezed hard, she moaned into my mouth. I forced her tongue out of my mouth and I attacked her with mine, licking her mouth out and sucking her saliva into my mouth. My hand had grabbed her arse, pulling her into me, rubbing the length of her arse crack with my fingers. The lift stopped at the 3rd floor, we disentangled ourselves and headed for room 312.

We fell into the room, giggling like teenagers. There were no niceties, we undressed each other without a word and fell back onto the bed. I knelt next to her, my cock now rock hard and throbbing, aiming at her mouth. She licked her lips and poked her tongue out, just licking the very end of my cock, she then licked lower and slowly took me into her mouth, sucking me in until I could feel the back of her throat. I leant forward and kissed her tits, nipping at her nipples and pulling them upwards, I made my way down her body, licking a path across her belly until I reached my goal.

Her pussy lips were open, leaking juices. I lapped at her and forced my tongue up her pussy, as far as it would go. I started fucking her with it while I rubbed her clit, in tiny circular motions. I replaced my tongue with two fingers, forcing them all the way up her cunt, I twisted them and started stroking her G spot - she started to moan and my cock fell out of her mouth. I moved down so I was laying between her legs, I could get more direction on my fingers like this. I was fucking her with my fingers, I added another so I had three up her, I was pumping them in at a furious pace, she was pushing forward to get them in deeper. Suddenly she went quiet, she arched her back and she came, she spurted her juices out like a jet, I quickly put my mouth over her pussy to drink them, she squirted three more times into my mouth. 

I slid up her body and kissed her, dribbling her juices into her mouth. Angela pushed me on to my back and knelt up, she cocked one leg over me and mashed her soaking wet pussy on to my face. I started to lick her pussy again, this time I could lick all the way back and include her little rosebud, I pushed my tongue in and started to fuck her arse with it. Angela leant forward and took my cock back into her mouth. One of her hands started to roll my balls while she sucked. As her saliva dribbled down my cock it soaked my balls and ran down into my arse, her middle finger followed it. She rubbed at my hole and gently pushed her finger into me - the sensation was amazing. She pushed her finger all the way in and started to rub my prostrate, that did it, I exploded into her mouth, I hadn't come that hard for years. She swallowed it all down and cleaned me up, then as she looked me in the eye she sucked her finger clean - yes, the one that had been inside of me - she was a minx.

We cuddled up to each other and sighed with contentment and just laid there with silly grins on our faces.

We must have dozed off to sleep, content after our fucking session. I awoke to feel a warm mouth around my cock, Angela's long hair tickling my balls. She smiled at me as I opened my eyes and looked down at her, she took my cock out of her mouth and licked the end, wiggling her tongue in the hole,

"Is this okay?" she said, "do you like it?" 

"Just don't ever stop," I said, opening my legs to give her better access. She went back to licking and sucking in earnest, I was rock hard again by now, she licked underneath my cock, swirled her tongue around the end and then pushed her head down, gagging as my cock reached the back of her throat. She didn't stop though, she kept pushing, forcing the head of my cock into her throat - I could feel her throat muscles wanking me - what a sensation.

I grabbed her legs and pulled her on top of me so I could pay some attention to her pussy and arse. She still tasted fresh and sweet. I lapped at her pussy like it was an ice cream. My tongue was sliding passed her lips and teasing out her juices. I licked backwards and rimmed her arse then returned to her honey pot. I slid a finger into her bum and started fucking her with it, turning it, stretching her open. I added another finger and another so I had three fingers pushed up her arse. I didn't stop licking and sucking her pussy lips, pulling them into my mouth, stretching them out from her body. One of her hands appeared and she started rubbing her clit and sliding her finger into her pussy, I sucked her finger into my mouth and bit it. She sat up and moved forward down my body leaving a wet trail from her soaking pussy over my chest and belly. She knelt up and grabbed my cock, aimed it at her cunt and sank down, taking me all the way in. She ground her hips in a circular motion while still raising herself up to fuck me. She started to go faster and my cock slipped out, she grabbed it, aimed it at her arse and slowly sank down on it, my cock sliding all the way up her arse. It was so hot and tight, she slowly started raising herself up and down taking me all the way into her arse. I grabbed her cheeks and spread them apart so I could see my cock sliding in and out, it was so erotic to watch. 

I wanted to up the pace so I threw Angela off me onto her front and sat on her legs. I gently rubbed her back and lifted her up to a kneeling position by her hips. I pulled her arse apart and looked at her gaping hole. I leant forward and my cock slid back up her arse, I gently and slowly started to fuck her, my balls just touching her cheeks as I pumped into her. She got in to it and started to push back harder, her fingers were rubbing her clit, she started to moan and shout "Fuck me harder, push it into my arse" As she came her muscles tightened up on my cock so much I could hardly move, I just pushed harder, forcing me into her as far as I could go. When she had relaxed I pulled my cock out and slammed it back in to her pussy, I pumped it in and out as hard as I could, holding her hips, pulling her back on to me.

"I'm coming," I said, she leapt forward, turned round and sank her mouth over my cock - squeezing my balls and sucking me - that was it, I came, not the forceful torrent as before but a few gentle spurts of spunk, into her mouth. She pulled off me and swirled my come around with her tongue, looked me in the eye and swallowed. She then returned to my cock, sucking every last drop out and cleaning me up at the same time. 

We collapsed into heap, the smell of sex heavy in the air. 

I got up and walked into the bathroom, my legs like jelly. 

"Wait a minute," Angela yelled, "I need a wee."

"So do I," I said "and I was here first!!" 

As I stood in front of the WC, aiming my red looking cock she pushed me out of the way, sat down and grinned at me - "Aim it between my legs," she said, "We'll go together."

We looked into each others eyes and had to make an effort to relax so we could start pissing. I started first and was a lousy aim, I pissed straight onto her pussy. The shock of that made her start to go. I didn't move my cock, I continued to aim it at her. I managed to stop myself and dropped to my knees, I put my fingers into her stream amazed at how warm it was. There was no smell, it was almost clear. I sucked my finger to taste her piss, a bit salty and warm but not bad - I leant forward and stuck my tongue out into the stream of piss leaving her body, Angela leant back which made the flow go up and forward and she covered my face with her piss. I drank down as much as I could but her flow slowed to a dribble and finally stopped. I wiped my face with my hand and stood up, "I haven't quite finished" I said. With that, she held my cock and just put the tip into her mouth - I relaxed and filled her mouth, she let it dribble out down her chin and over her tits. She sucked the last of my piss out of me and incredibly I was getting hard again. She continued sucking me until I was fully hard and then she stood up and led me back to the bed.

"Make love to me - slowly," she said as she lay on her back in the centre of the bed. I crawled between her legs and licked her dry and then knelt up. I held her ankles and pushed her legs together and up over her head. Her pussy opened up for me, I leant forward and gently pushed my cock into her pussy. At this angle I could get in deeper than ever before, as I pushed in I pushed her legs back further, lifting her bum up and letting me in even deeper. We got into a steady rhythm, her moans getting louder until she came, she shook and flooded my cock with her juices, I pulled out and lapped them up, spreading them around her pussy and arse, my fingers were slipping into her bum and pussy and I was giving her clit a really good workout, suddenly she came again, more juice. My face was soaked, I crawled up the bed and we kissed, she loved the taste of herself. 

Although I hadn't come my cock started to go down, I was knackered. Angela was having none of this. She knelt up and started to lick and suck me again, slowly my cock started to respond. She lifted my legs up and started licking my bum, pushing the tip of her tongue inside of me. Her hand was pumping my cock, spreading her saliva over my cock making it slippery. She replaced her tongue with two fingers and pushed them up my bum - fucking me with them. I felt so full and turned on. She changed position slightly so she could suck my cock again, she forced herself to swallow as much of my 7" as she could, all the while pumping her fingers in and out of my arse. I was close - I started thrusting into her mouth, she was getting used to it now and easily swallowed my length down her throat, she started to hum which caused me to tingle and then just as I was about to come she pulled off me and aimed my cock at her tits - "come on my tits, spray me with your spunk."

Her nipples were so hard, she rubbed her nipples with my cock as she wanked me, she dribbled some spit onto my cock end and as she pumped I came - spurts of spunk flew out, hitting her in the face, she redirected my cock, pointing it at her tits and I came all over them. She grabbed my head and forced me to suck her tits, I licked up my come and then kissed her, swapping it into her mouth and mashing it around with our tongues. We were both covered in spunk and pussy juice - ready for a shower!