 Authors Note:  These works are what is known as “Flash Fiction.”  They are stories under 100 words.  My goal was to write short stories with a beginning, middle, and an end but keep them at or less than 100 words each.  They are meant to excite your senses, and I hope that they do.  – Chicklet

Reluctance

“No,” I protested, shaking with fear.

“Yes,” he demanded, pointing to his feet.

“No,” I whispered, less sure than before.

“I’ll make you regret it,” he threatened, his voice making me tremble.

Reluctantly, I crossed the room on my knees, crawling to him like a beaten dog.  I bent down, slowly, placing my lips on his shoes.  I kissed his feet with reluctant submissiveness.	

Good girl,” he said, rubbing my hair gently.

I glared at the ground, humiliated.  

Strip Poker

Reluctantly, I lay down my cards.

Four pairs of eyes widened.  Four sets of lips stretched into grins.

The winner’s eyes locked on mine, the sparkle making me shiver.

“Take it off,” he demanded.  At that moment, I hated my husband.

With shaking hands I undid the clasp, parted my bra, and slid it off my arms.  Chest exposed, I turned back towards the men, blushing furiously.

“Last hand?” asked the dealer, shuffling the deck. 

My husband glanced at my panties, and nodded.

“Last hand,” he agreed, winking at me.

I took a deep breath and prepared to lose again.	

Tension

I squeezed my eyes shut, blocking the tears.  I strained against my bonds as I prepared my body for the next swing.

With a swooshing noise, the leather collided with my skin.  I cried out again, breaking the silence of the room.

Behind me, Master paused.

“Do you want me to stop?” he asked, concerned.

“No,” I said, my voice quivering.

“I will,” he insisted, drawing away from my body.

“Please,” I protested, “I need it.”

“Very well,” he agreed, preparing to strike again.

Tensing, I prepared for the next blow.


Next Time

A brief flash of her and then nothing.  I shut my eyes, playing her game, with the knowledge that my tension would eventually be released.

Ropes held me securely; the gag left me speechless but able to moan.  She liked me this way; helpless and hers.

Her legs were at my sides.  She straddled me.  Groaning I thrust myself up and met her moist flesh.  Gasping, she began to move.

Her body and mine were as one; I could not hold back.  Shuddering, I came inside her.

Scooting off, she kissed me.

“Next time,” she whispered as my hands were freed.

Misbehavior

My heartbeat raced as Master paced the room, examining his toys for the perfect device.  He picked it up, examining it, and turned around to face me.

Heat raced through my body, my skin turning bright red as I murmured into my gag.  My body shook with fear as Master approached, smiling wickedly.

With a deft flick of his wrist he brought the leather hard onto my thigh, a welt rising almost instantly.  Twice more the whip struck.  I shook with pain as he turned away again, putting it back on the wall.

I would not disobey again.	

Silence

The scent of her juices filled my nostrils; I paused to look into her eyes.

“Something wrong?” she asked.

“Do you love me?” I answered.

“Yes,” she said, pressing her thighs tight around my head.  

I moved my mouth back to her slit, lapping unenthusiastically at the sweet fluids.  I was unsure.  I stopped.

“Do you love me?” I asked again, looking deep within her.

“Yes,” she said, less convincingly than before.  “Of course.”

I shook my head free of her legs and stood, looking down at her nude body.

“You don’t love me,” I protested.

She was silent.

Confession

Hannah had a confession to make.  She was in love with her best friend.  Whenever Tamara walked into the room, Hannah’s heartbeat would quicken.  Her palms would sweat, and her mouth would become dry.

Hannah walked up to the other girl, swallowing the lump in her throat.  

“Tamara,” she said, taking a deep breath.  “I think…”

“I know,” Tamara interrupted, smiling widely.  “I would love to go out with you.”

Hannah’s smile stretched across her whole face.  She reached out and embraced the other girl.  Tamara held Hannah tight, and the both laughed in pleasure.  Hand in hand, they left.


Early Morning Adventure

He rolled towards me, draping his arm around my waist.  My rest was disturbed and my eyes opened to slowly scan the dark room.  Pulling me closer, I could feel his erection poking against the back of my thighs.

Parting my legs, I slipped one backwards over his warm body, trapping his cock near my pussy.  Slowly, he penetrated, the swollen head filling me.

My fingers rubbed my clit as I pumped slowly on his cock.  I climaxed, a rush of electricity spreading from my toes to my fingertips.

He grunted and turned back over, asleep again.