 I got to school and put my jacket in my locker. I grabbed my binder and headed upstairs to go to my morning class, English. This was my last year in high school and I sure was glad because I had a pretty open future on what I wanted to become. I got into the classroom and sat down in my usual spot. 

"Hi, Eddie! How was your weekend?" My teacher, Ms. Swan asked. Her first name was Annie.

"It was okay, I guess, nothing really too exciting, how about yours?" I asked back.

"Yeah, the same, just relaxing and watching countless movies while avoiding this miserable weather,"

Annie was a really cute young woman. She was four years older than me, which was twenty-two and she's been teaching for two years. She was two inches shorter than me, which ended up being five feet, nine inches. She had nice, wavy brown hair that went down just past her jawline. Her dark green eyes were deep and her body was very athletic.

Even though Annie was my English teacher, I had wild thoughts about her every time I seen her. Her face was so well placed and her personality was mind blowing. She notices all of the little details in people. An example of this is how I am a musician, she noticed all of the little things I did on the keyboard in the school's talent show where as other people overlooked it. 

I knew things would never work between Annie and I because she was a bit older than me and she was my teacher. I always enjoyed to fantasize about her though. She's also a musician like me and that's part of the main reason why she talks to me more than the other students. She also plays the keyboard and does performances for the school all the time.

The next couple of weeks passed by fairly quickly and the sun started to finally warm up our side of the planet. The grass started to turn green and the roads started to dry up. The thing I loved most about spring was the fresh air every morning. It was starting to get to the point where I could go outside without wearing a heavy jacket.

It was the middle of April now and it seemed as if Annie was paying a lot more attention to me. She would talk to me more about what my interests were and what I liked doing. Of course I showed interest and I asked these questions back and that gave me quite a clearer picture on who Annie was. She liked to go swimming and she liked to spend time outside the most. Other things she liked were telling scary stories around a fire, watching tons of movies, playing board games as well as video games, and most of all, she liked people who listen to her.

I really enjoyed talking to her because she was one of those people who you really wanted to get to know. With the school year coming to an end, I was actually very disappointed that I wasn't going to be able to talk to her anymore. I haven't had many friends that were as cute and interesting as Annie. I considered her a friend because her and I talked every day during class time and at lunch. At one lunch hour though, she asked me a very interesting question that really sparked my interest.

"Eddie, what are you doing this summer?"

"Well, I might work on putting together an album. What about you?" I asked back.

"I'm going to my cabin for a while and that's about it. I was wondering if you would like to come along with me for about a month or so, just for a vacation. My sister is on vacation somewhere in Europe and I would really like for someone like you to come with me."

I was shocked. She was inviting me to go to her cabin for the summer! I couldn't believe it was me though, like what was so special about me?

"You want me to go with you?" I asked softly.

"Well, yeah! You're like the coolest student I've ever had, Eddie. You're one of a kind and I really want to get to know you more! So, how about it? We can spend half on everything we need and spend the summer doing fun things."

My face turned really red in that instant. I felt really honored by her. Her of all people, a really cute English teacher!

"Okay, that sounds like it would be a lot of fun." I said and then let out a little smile.

"Wow! Okay, that sounds good, pack everything up this weekend and then be ready first thing in the morning on Monday. Don't worry, you're address is in my school book. I'll come pick you up and then we can go get our groceries." She said and gave me a big smile.

"Okay, see you then. Take care, Ms. Swan." I said.

"You too, Eddie, thank you!"

I drove home and told my parents that I was going to my friend's cabin for the summer. The funny thing is, they were actually telling me to go on a vacation somewhere because they were leaving for the summer. My sisters were already on vacation with my grandparents in the United States somewhere. They were quite relieved that I was going on a vacation.

"You'll be gone until September, right?" My mother asked.

"Ummm, actually until August or so. I'll see how it all goes." I said.

"Well don't come home and do anything stupid, Eddie, I'm sick of all the noise complaints we get." My dad commanded.

"Okay, I won't, I'll probably be gone for August too."

"Well, our flight is tomorrow morning, so you'll have the weekend to yourself. See you in a couple months, Eddie." My mom said and then laughed.

I nodded and then went into my room. That weekend went by pretty slowly but I was really looking forward to spending time with Ms. Swan in the summer. I really wanted something to happen between us but I don't think she's that kind of person. It was Sunday night. I packed my bags and got everything ready for the morning. After a few short hours of excitement, I fell asleep and the morning was here.

I got up early and watched some television while staring out of the window from time to time. I heard a horn honk. A small dark blue car pulled up in the driveway. I quickly turned off the television and then went into my room to grab my wallet. I grabbed my travel bag and went out the door. I locked up and then put my bag in the trunk. When I got into the car, I was stunned.

She was wearing a very tight green tank top that matched her short army design shorts. Her hair was loose all around her head and her skin looked very beautiful. I never seen her arms, chest, and legs this bare and close up before.

"Good morning, Eddie!" She exclaimed.

"Good morning, Ms. Swan," I said back.

"Oh, just call me Annie, Eddie, we're not in school!" She said and winked.

"OK, Annie." I said and smiled back at her.

"Are you ready for a very fun adventure, or what?" She asked.

I smiled at her and nodded. She smiled back at me and we drove off. While she was driving, I couldn't help but stare at her beautiful looking skin on her legs. Her breasts also stood out because the seat belt was pressing against her stomach. 

"So how are you today?" She asked me.

"I'm pretty good, how about you?" I asked back.

"I'm tired, I had to mark all the exams from last week and then quickly send my marks into the school division. I have a question to ask you, do you know the way to Kenora?" She asked.

"Yes, I've driven there a couple times," I said.

"Can you do me a big favour and drive there?" She asked pleadingly.

"Sure, if you want."

"Awww, thank you so much!" She exclaimed.

Kenora was about a five hour drive from where we lived but I didn't mind driving her, especially if she was tired. She pulled the car over to the side of the road and got out. I got out at the same time and went into the driver's seat. She crawled into the passenger's seat and then fixed the seat comfortably so she could fall asleep. Next, she put the seat belt around her and closed her eyes. She was extremely pretty with her eyes closed, I wish I could have given her a kiss on the lips but I really didn't want to screw everything up.

Instead of focusing on Annie, I focused on the road for the entire way to Kenora. I actually didn't mind driving there because I like driving long distances. I also liked looking at Annie's wonderful body but I tried not to stare at her for too long. When we reached Kenora, I pulled up in a Wal-mart parking lot.

"Annie, are you awake?" I asked.

She didn't respond. I tapped her on the arm a couple times and her eyes shot open. She turned her head to look out of the window. She yawned and then unbuckled her seat belt

"Are we there?" She asked.

"In Kenora, yep," I said.

"Okay, let's go get our stuff," she said.

I got out of the car with her and we both walked into the store. We grabbed all sorts of things, hot dogs, sweets like chocolate, and tons of snacks like chips and tacos. We also grabbed a lot of stuff that's to be cooked in an oven like mozzarella sticks. Last but not least, we put a ton of drinks in our cart, and I mean a ton! When are cart was pretty much full, we went to the checkout. We split the cost equally. We loaded everything into the trunk and back seat of the car. I got into the passenger's side this time because I didn't know the rest of the way to her cabin. 

"Did you have a good sleep?" I asked when she got into the driver's side.

"Yes, it was actually really good. Thank you for driving," She said.

"You're welcome."

As we drove off onto the highway she looked a lot more relaxed and comfortable.

"What would you like to do when we first get there, Eddie? Of course after unloading our stuff and getting settled in," She said.

"Well, whatever you would like to do," I said back.

"Well, it's nice and sunny, would you like to go for a quick swim and then go for a walk in the woods? There's a nice trail that goes for a couple kilometers."

"Okay, that sounds like fun."

She turned the vehicle onto a dirt road and then onto another. We went through about three kilometers in the woods until we pulled up to a nice looking house. It was very nice and there was a lake just down a small pathway leading from the house. Annie stopped the vehicle towards the back of the cabin, which faced the lake.

"Wow, this looks amazing!" I said full of excitement.

Annie looked over and smiled at me. We both got out and unloaded the groceries into the cabin. Inside, it was wonderful. There was a living room, a bathroom, a kitchen, and a laundry room. There was a bed in the living along with a couch and a nice television. Half of the cabin had a wooden floor and the other half had a carpet. I was really impressed with this cabin.

"Well, that's the last of the groceries. Are you going to change out of those clothes so we can go swimming?" Annie said and then grinned.

"Yes, I wouldn't go swimming in jeans," I said and grinned back at her.

"I'm just going to get changed quickly, you can do the same," She said.

I dug through my bag and grabbed a pair of long shorts. Next, I exchanged my clothing for just the shorts and a t-shirt. I sat on the couch and waited for Annie. She walked out of the laundry room in a bright blue bikini. She looked extremely pretty and I never noticed before, but she had a nicely built stomach. Here breasts were really loose in the bikini top but she didn't seem to mind like most girls normally would.

"Are you going to wear that shirt in the water?" She asked me.

"Umm, well do you have sunscreen?" I asked because my skin burns very easily and I didn't want to put up with the sharp pain of sunburn all month.

"Oh, yes! I forgot, there's some on the table. I can put some on your back if you want," She said.

"Okay, I guess that would work," I said back.

I took off my shirt and then squirted some sunscreen on my hands. I rubbed my entire upper body along with my neck and face. I watched Annie put sunscreen all over herself. It really turned me on but I couldn't stare that long because I would be getting an erection.

"Here, let me put some on your back," She offered.

I felt the cold sunscreen mix with my skin as her hands gently caressed it into my back. It felt a little weird because the sunscreen was so cold but I liked it.

"Thanks, Annie. Do you want me to put some on your back?" I asked her.

"That would be nice," She said and smiled.

I rubbed sunscreen all over her back slowly and softly. I loved touching her back, it felt so warm and smooth. I especially loved it when I got down to her hips, I rubbed them slowly. Next I did a quick rub on her back to get all of the sunscreen in.

"Thank you," She said. "Let's go swimming now!"

Annie put on her sandals and walked out of the door. I grabbed my sandals out of my bag, put them on and then followed her. I walked down the trail behind her and admired her sexy butt. Next, we came up to a dock and then she kicked off her sandals. After that, she jumped into the water and then came up from under.

"Come on in, Eddie! The water is so nice!"

I smiled at her. I kicked off my sandals and jumped into the water. As I came up Annie was about a foot away from me.

"So, what do you think?" She asked me.

"About what?" I asked back and smiled.

"The cabin and everything,"

"I love it, it's really nice here. Thank you so much for inviting me, Annie," I said very politely.

"No, thank you for coming with me, Eddie. You are my favourite student by far and you listen to me. I consider you a very good friend." She said and gave me a big smile.

"Thank you, Annie," I said.

"Would you like to go for a walk in the woods now? I love to get myself wet and then dry off while walking for a while," She said.

"Sure, that sounds nice," I said.

We both got out of the lake and put on our sandals. Next, we walked to the trail in the woods. It was a very beautiful forest. The leaves cast shadows down on the ground beneath with just a little bit of sunlight gleaming through.

"Do you workout, Eddie?" She asked me.

"Yeah, now and then," 

"You're body looks really good, I couldn't tell that you looked like that with a shirt on,"

"Haha, thank you, I think your body looks really good too," I said. That one sort of fell out, I didn't want to creep her out or anything.

"Haha, thanks! I work out occasionally too but I love to swim," She said. "So, Eddie tell me, what were the last couple years of your life like? I've heard a lot of good things about you," She said.

I smiled at her. We walked for a long time talking about school, past experiences, family, and movies. She was a really cool girl, we had a lot in common. I looked in the distance and Annie's cabin was visible.

"Eh, we've got a lot of sun today, let's go inside," She said.

"Yeah, okay," I said back to her.

We got inside of the cabin and she sat down on the couch. She looked like she was still very tired from the constant marking of exams the night before. I felt a little sorry for her.

"Can you do me a favour, Eddie?" She asked.

"I sure can, what is it?"

"Can you get me a Coke from the fridge, please?"

"Of course," I said.

I went to the fridge and broke open the cardboard box which had twelve cans of Coke in it. I grabbed one for Annie. As I was walking back to Annie, she was holding up my shirt and looking at the design on it. I gave her the can of Coke.

"Thank you very much!"

"You're very welcome, what do you want for supper?" I asked.

"Can you cook?" She asked as her eyes lit up with excitement.

"Yes, I can cook, I used to work in a restaurant for a while," I said.

"Oh my goodness, that is so awesome! What do you feel like?"

"Whatever you would want, Annie," I said.

"Oh you're so nice, Eddie. How about some chicken wings and mozzarella sticks? We can eat them during the movie, they're like snacks except like...supper. Grab yourself a drink too! Don't be shy!" She said and laughed. 

"Okay, that sounds good."

I took two pans out of the oven and then prepared the frozen food on top of them. Next I preset the oven and put the timer on. Lastly, I put the two pans in the oven. One on the top rack and one on the bottom rack.

"Okay, Eddie, I've been wanting to watch this movie again for quite some time. What do you think?" She asked.

It was 'The Matrix'. "I haven't seen that one in a while, I like it!" I said.

"Yay!" Annie exclaimed "Okay, while the food cooks, I'm going to have a quick bath, okay?"

"Okay, that's fine," I said.

"Okay!" Annie said. She went into the laundry room to grab some clothes and then walked into the washroom. 

I wanted to watch Annie bathe so badly but I really didn't want to make things a little awkward for the both of us. When her skin was wet, it really turned me on. Water all over cute girls really turns me on. I also love wet hair and hers was really stunning. I sat on the couch and pulled a guitar magazine out of my bag.

I love flipping through guitar magazines all the time, I never ever get tired of it even if it is the same older magazines again. There was a small break in the silence and it really grabbed my attention. It was a very faint buzzing noise. I thought that it might have been the oven or something but the noise wasn't coming from there. It was coming from the washroom. I heard the water splashing gently along with the buzzing sound.

I quietly pressed my ear against the door and listened. I heard Annie breathing really heavy and the buzzing sound was a lot louder. Next, I started to hear Annie moan quietly and that's when it became clear to me. She was masturbating.

I was so jealous of her, I couldn't believe it! I would've loved to masturbate to her right here and now but she could come out to see what I was doing especially because, it was her cabin and I was new in it. I decided not to masturbate. Instead I put on my shirt and continued to read my magazine.

I heard the timer go off on the oven so I walked over to get the food out. I put all the food on a couple plates and then put them on the coffee table for the movie. I also grabbed a couple drinks. Annie came out of the bathroom. She was wearing a black night shirt and it seemed as if I could see the bottom of her butt. She turned on the movie and then sat on the couch right next to me.

We both picked at the food until it was just about gone. We both weren't hungry anymore. Slowly, we both sipped on our drinks. When the middle of the movie approached, Annie leaned on me. I put my arm around her and rubbed her shoulder. It was just natural for me to do that to her and I think she liked it. Her head was on my shoulder and that gave me the perfect opportunity to make a move. I put my head on top of hers.

"Eddie, I'm cold, would you mind if I stretch out on the couch?" She asked.

"No, not at all," I said. I got up and sat against the bottom of the couch.

"Wait, what are you doing?" She asked.

"I thought you wanted to lie down on the couch,"

"Oh no, come, sit in the middle," She said.

I got up and sat in the middle. She then fixed a couple pillows on the left side of the couch while extending her legs over top of my thighs. Her butt was pressed against my left thigh and her legs were reaching over to the other side of the couch. I put my hands down on her legs.

"There, that's much better," She said.

It looked like she was about to fall asleep. Her eyes were focused on the television but they would close slowly and then open again. I looked down at where my arms were and they were about three inches away from her crotch. I could see right up her night shirt. She was wearing sexy pink panties and they were really pushed up into her crotch. I caught a glimpse of her vagina's outline by just looking at the elevations on her panties.

I started to get an erection really fast and with her legs on top of me, it was not a good time for it to happen. If she felt my erection on the back of her thighs, it would be really awkward. I don't think it bothered her because she didn't do anything about it. I didn't focus on her legs anymore because I didn't want to be embarrassed. 

The movie came to an end and she shifted herself so that she could sit up slightly.. It looked like she was asleep and her hair was a little frazzled. It made her look very pretty though.
