 He rolls out of the bed, holding his hand out to me. 'C'mon, lets go take a shower.'

And it was at that point I woke up. My body was just aching, it only took a moment to make myself cum. Something has to give. I can't do this every night. I need my sleep. As I roll back over to try and get some sleep, I can't help but wonder what happens next. Maybe next dream...

Part 2

2:21am -- again. I thought I had finally gotten all of this out of my system. It's been weeks since I've had the dreams. The last few nights I've had the most intense dreams again. Same as before, flashes of memories almost like watching a movie. 

I can see myself lying in bed wrapped around "him", my head cradled on his chest. We're both quiet, still breathing hard. My body is throbbing, like I've just had the most incredible sex. Just as my eyes start to drift closed, he rolls out of the bed holding his hand out to me. "C'mon, lets go take a shower." 

"Are you serious? I could just pass out!" He just smiled and took my hand pulling me out of bed and to the bathroom. 

As he turned on the water, he looked over his shoulder and winked. "You never know, it might be fun!" And with that he stepped into the shower and held out his hand.

So, I stepped into the shower moving under the spray as he closed the curtain. I lifted my face and let the water just rain over me. I turned to soak my hair and saw him tip shampoo into his hand. I smiled as I turned, "Are you gonna wash my back too?" I felt him run his fingers through my hair, scrubbing gently and when his soapy hands slid down my shoulders I just leaned back against him. He slid his hands over my breasts, rubbing his thumbs over my nipples. Rolling them in his fingers, he was sending jolts of pleasure through my body. On a soft moan, I arched back against him. 

Slowly, his hand slid down over my stomach the tips of his fingers just brushing the top of my lips. "Do you want me? Or should I stop?" he asked.

I moved my hand to cover his to keep his fingers there, "No, don't stop." I arched my back as he rolled my nipple between his fingers. I could just feel my body tense as I waited for him to touch me, I wanted to feel his fingers spreading me open. I want to cum for him, I want to soak myself so that I can take him deep inside me. His fingers continue to tease, never quite touching. "Please, touch me..." As he kissed me softly behind my ear, he dipped just one finger between my lips stroking slowly. My hips were grinding against him as my breath came harder and harder. I was so close, I was practically begging. He turned my body so that he could take my nipple into his mouth, licking and sucking gently. As I rode his hand, he drove 2 fingers deep into me. My orgasm ripped through me as I cried out. As my body calmed, he slowly slid his fingers out. 

He wrapped his arms around me, running his hands over my back and my bottom. I looked up to see him smiling down at me. "Are you ok?" he asked.

I could only nod as I pulled his head down, leaning up to kiss him. His arms tightened around me as we kissed deeply under the hot water. I could feel his cock pressing hard against me, I eased my body back so that I could wrap my fingers around him. He moaned against my mouth as I stroked him. This time it was him moving against me, and I didn't want to stop. I trailed my lips over his chest as I moved down his body. I knelt in front of him, stroking lightly and leaned forward circling my tongue around the head of his cock. His hands had fallen to my shoulders and I could feel them gripping me as my tongue teased him. I looked up and saw his eyes closed with his head back and knew he was completely focused on what I was doing. Without taking my hands off of him, I leaned forward and took him deep into my mouth. He moaned long and deep as I began to lick and suck his cock. Shallow teasing strokes and deep strokes with my hands and tongue. He ran his hands over my hairs gripping my hair as I stroked him. I wanted him to cum in my mouth, I wanted to do for him what he did for me. I started stroking faster with the intent of doing just that when he gripped my hair and pulled my head back. 

"Now...I need you now" he said as he pulled me to my feet. He pushed me back against the wall of the shower kissing me deeply. He lifted my legs, wrapping them around his waist as he drove into me. Almost instantly I came, my breath sobbing out. He drove into me over and over again, his hands gripping my bottom tight. The water is cooling now, but we just keep moving faster and faster. My orgasm is building again, I'm begging now for him not to stop. His grip tightens almost painfully as he swells inside of me, he groans against the side of my neck as he cums deep inside me triggering my orgasm. He drops his head to my shoulder as my legs slowly slide down his waist. My feet touch the floor and I try to catch my breath. 

He reaches back and turns the water off, pressing soft kisses against my lips. He opens the curtain and wraps me in a towel before drying himself. I can see my self in the mirror, heavy eyed and rosy from the shower. He hangs up his towel, and reaches for my hand...."C'mon, lets go to bed".

Once again, I'm awake with my body aching and soaking wet. After only a few strokes of my fingers I cum, my body shuddering. I roll over and try to fall back asleep. Now I'm looking forward to the next dream...