 It was an awful lot for him to take in. An awful lot. In his mind, he was rather torn between the practicalities of working out just how they'd got to this stage and the realisation of what was unfolding in front of him.

It really was a lot to take in.

He'd run his eyes up and down at least a dozen times now, but he was nowhere near taking it all in. There was no need to be discrete here, not now. He allowed himself a smile though, thinking to himself that, apart from the first months that he'd known her, discretion hadn't been something he'd exercised a great deal.

His eyes ran up and down once more. He knew it well already, or at least he thought he had. Even an active mind and a vivid imagination hadn't served to do it any form of justice whatsoever.

The hourglass figure was perfect. Flawless. Delicate, soft, pale skin that drew his eyes in. Just the same as the posters of the models from the 50's that he'd seen in films and magazines. He'd imagined running his hands across that figure more times that he could ever remember. He'd often thought he could do that alone until the end of time.

A pair of heels added at least three inches to her height, giving her smooth, soft legs even more definition. He drew his eyes upwards a little more.

He was more than familiar with her ass. It was full, but not too much so. He'd often described it as a perfectly peachy posterior to her, at which she generally rolled her eyes at him, but stood there, no more than two metres in front of him, he could see he'd been right all along. Sheer-black French knickers, with a pink lace band around the top, wrapped round her ass, clinging onto every single gorgeous curve. It would almost be a shame to take them off.

Her breasts were clad in a matching bra, which did its frustrating best to hide her not-inconsiderable assets from him. The skin he could see looked soft, inviting, and hinted at the full, round shape within. Silky soft, dark hair tumbled down across her neck, hiding the straps.

Looking up, his eyes caught hers and he smiled. It was a face he knew well. Every detail. He'd thought it utterly beautiful from the first moment his eyes had caught it and the combination of time and familiarity only made it more so. She smiled back, lips full and sexy. Blue and grey eyes sparkling, shining, full of life.

This alone could sustain him eternally. There was nothing here that he couldn't ever tire of looking at. He'd once said she'd been the sexiest thing he'd ever seen, but that was with clothes on. Without clothes, that one was blown out of the water.

Did he have to just look though? Would it really be rude to touch?

She bit her finger wryly and beckoned him to come over. Thinking about it wasn't necessary; he was there in an instant. Shakily, he put his hands on her hips. Her skin was smooth, soft, electrifying. He looked down at her. Even in three-inch heels, she was considerably shorter than he was. She looked back up at him. Her breath was warm on his neck, her breathing heavy, possibly nerves, or anticipation, or both. He'd been this close to her full lips before, but the circumstances were very different this time and he wondered how she'd respond to him. Without thinking, his hands drew up from her hips and wrapped around her. They were still shaking. His head moved towards hers. A part of him expected her to pull back from him, but she didn't, and in one of those brief moments that seems to last longer than it does, their lips touched. The lightest of touches. So very soft, those lips. He pulled away slightly; such a lot of pressure relieved from such a gentle kiss. Unnoticed, her hands had moved and drew his head back towards hers. Their lips locked. His restraint faded away in an instant as he was pulled deeper into the moment, senses heightening, the touch turning him on more. Her hands moved from cradling his face and as her fingers gently found their way down his neck and onto his shoulders, she wrapped her arms around him, pulled them together more tightly and suddenly, as their lips explored each other, tongues swirling, he became more aware of her breasts pressing against his chest and all the times that he'd admired their round shape culminated to make him want to have them to himself.

Did she sense what he wanted? For as he relinquished his embrace of her and moved his hands to the clasp on her bra, her reciprocal embrace ended too. The clasp came away easily and his hands separated, moving lightly across her soft skin and up to her shoulders where he slid the straps off, before the bra tumbled down her arms which she held out in front of her. She blushed as he caught her eye. He smiled and cast his eyes downwards, feeling his cock twinge a little more as he did so. The sight of her breasts, pale skinned, perfect, turned him on even more. He ran his hands down from her shoulders, down the hourglass and back up, lightly cupping her breasts and running his fingers gently over them, giving himself goosebumps as he did. He felt her nipples start to harden as his fingers inadvertently teased them and, as the urge overtook him, he lightly kissed her lips once again, then worked his way downwards towards her breasts, tenderly planting the tiniest of kisses on her skin as he did so, feeling the heat of his own breath.

As his kisses reached closer to her right nipple, his pace quickened and his tongue rolled over it at the earliest opportunity. It was hard, protruding, luscious. She sighed as he circled playfully around her nipple, stopping occasionally to dart the tip of his tongue across it. His left hand brushed lightly across the other breast, thumb and forefinger tracing around the also hard nipple, giving it the softest, lightest of squeezes as he switched his gaze from the sight immediately in front of him and to her face instead. She bit her lip as he squeezed. Her eyes were closed. He wanted to fuck her there and then, but that would have to wait; there were more pressing things.

His hands ran back across her chest and back down the hourglass, savouring every inch of soft, increasingly warm skin. They came to rest on her hips and, following them, his tongue ran lightly down from her nipple, to her belly button, to just above the pretty French knickers she was still wearing.

He was on his knees now. His thumbs slipped under the laced waistband before slowly running all the way round, hands coming to rest briefly on her ass, then exploring it a little. It was round, full, pert. Jaw droppingly so. He allowed himself the brief thought of having her sat on his face. Heaven. His attentions quickly turned back to that which was no more than three inches in front of him.

Was she getting warmer still? He couldn't quite decide. He definitely was. He could feel his own body heat reflecting off her. His breath was steadier now than before.

Unrushed, his hands familiarised themselves with their surroundings. The contrast between her skin and the French knickers as his hands moved across her both intrigued and heightened his senses. He allowed himself one last indulgence here and cupped her pert arse again. In his mind, his hands complained as he moved them back around her waist, tracing the lace waistband again as he did so.

As his hands came back to rest just under her belly button, he realised the nerves were still there. Even more so. He felt his whole body shaking as he ran an index finger straight down. It moved lightly, slowly, following the curve of her body. It felt electrifying, running down her body, separated from her skin by the thin material of the pretty knickers.

Involuntarily taking a deep breath, his finger ran down a little further. She moved her shapely legs apart just a touch; just enough to let his finger trace that little bit more. That last little bit. Through the thin material of the knickers, his finger could tell she was just as turned on as he was. His whole body ached as he rubbed her lightly through her knickers, his finger moistening as it slipped back and forth briefly across her. Looking up, he could see her breathing quickly, luscious breasts heaving as she did so. He stood up slowly. His mouth wanted to feel those lips once more.

He didn't linger as he worked his way back up her body, catching her by surprise as he pressed his lips back against hers again. His hands returned to her breasts again, fingers swirling around still hard nipples. He felt her hands tracing his face, down his neck and then, in a move that surprised him, she deftly unbuttoned his shirt from top to bottom. After the last button, her hands rested on his belt. She smiled. Her hands moved down and over his crotch, lightly stroking his hard cock through his jeans. She could feel it protruding from his underwear; he was quite clearly hugely turned on by her; at the thought of her. She felt herself get a little more turned on at the thought.

She bit her lip as she looked at him, casually running her hands back up to his belt. Her forefingers slipped under the belt and slowly moved towards the head of his cock. He let out a quiet moan as her fingertips ran across it. Seeing him more turned on by her touch was something she was enjoying greatly. Their lips locked once more and as her fingers casually circled his head some more, she could feel for herself, through her knickers, just how turned on she was.

As they kissed, their fingers continued their mutual exploration, hers teasing the tip of his cock and his gently rubbing her pussy lips through increasingly soaked knickers. With a parting kiss, his hands ran back down the hourglass, stopping briefly at her waist, then carrying on, taking the French knickers with them as they went and leaving them laid on the floor, around her heels. She stepped out of them, looking down on him as she did so. From his knees, his eyes worked back up her body and finally met her gaze. Without clothes, she was utterly stunning. Perfection. His mind spun back to the times he'd seen other men looking at her as they'd walked together. They could only ever look, but he had her here, and now. He could look, undress and touch. He very much wanted to touch.

As his hands ran up her legs and to her waist, he followed. He gently kissed underneath her tummy button and, as he did so, felt himself become more turned on than he could remember. Her scent filled his veins, driving him crazy. He wanted to have her. He had to have her.

With his hands on her hips, he gently pushed her down onto the settee. She knew what he wanted. She wanted it too. As she moved her legs apart, he moved in-between them, running his hands from her feet, up her legs, to her hips and upwards. Lifting himself up, he kissed her lips again, before moving his head back down, planting tender, teasing kisses as he did so. He stopped briefly and lingered at her breasts, tongue eager to swirl around her nipples, but instead, he felt her hands on his head, pushing it eagerly down and away and as his head moved between her legs, the intoxicating scent of her overtook him, his tongue running across her pussy lips slowly, savouring every last bit of her. She moaned. He needed no more encouragement and as his fingers gently parted her lips, his tongue flicked long and flat across her rhythmically, flicking up the tiniest amount as it reached her clit. Occasionally, he would stop, looking up at her, then watch as his swirling, darting tongue teased her clit, her back arching as he did so, before returning to his rhythmic motions, enjoying every single stroke, and as he carried on, sensed overloaded, his body reminded him that he wanted to have her. He had to have her.

Swirling his eager tongue over her clit one last time, he lifted himself up to her mouth and they kissed. She could taste herself on his lips. She wanted to have him. She wanted him to have her.

He wanted to have her. He stood up. Aware of the heat of his body, he took a deep breath. She watched keenly as he removed his unbuttoned shirt, revealing his torso, occasional beads of sweat glistening like gems. The shirt dropped to the floor. For a moment, he looked shyly at her as she laid back on the settee, watching him. He looked innocent. Leaning forwards, she knew he was anything but. Her hands brushed against his jeans again, feeling his hard cock through them. Yes, she mused, definitely not innocent.

She looked up at him and, as one hand teased his cock through the thick material of his jeans, the other found its way to his belt, pulling it tight and then releasing it in one movement. Her thumb and forefinger found the button and quickly, effortlessly unfastened it. She saw anticipation in his face as his flies slowly unzipped and casually, with one finger, she loosened his jeans the final touch, sending them dropping to the floor.

His hands ran across her face, fingertips tracing the outline of her lips. Biting one playfully, she released her grip on it, taking it into her mouth before removing it tantilisingly slowly. She noted the look of delight in his face as she winked at him cheekily, before returning her attentions to that which was immediately before her.

In stark contrast to her beautiful French knickers, his underwear was plain; black half-briefs that clung to him. They clung especially well to his ass, which she allowed herself to briefly run her hands over. It was tight, pert, quite sexy. Her eyes were drawn relentlessly to the waistband though, over which she could see the tip of his hard cock. She ran a finger over the tip of it once more, allowing herself a smile as it twitched a little. Her finger circled the tip lightly and she delighted at the reaction to her touch. With both hands, she teased the tip briefly and then, tracing the waistband of his pants, she pulled them sharply down; they joined his jeans around his legs on the floor.

Freed from the tight constraints of his pants, she could finally take in the sight before her eyes. His cock was red, swollen, hard at her touch. His balls smooth. She ran her fingers over them. Such smooth skin. He twitched as she lightly darted a finger across the tip of his cock. She wondered and, as she did so, she lightly flicked her tongue across the tip, making it twitch as she did. He let out a gasp. The tip of his cock glistened with the touch of her tongue, shining, appealing, aching for her attentions, and as she moved her head closer, and rolled her tongue across the tip of his cock, teasing it, she noted his sigh of appreciation and felt herself being turned on a little more. Concentrating her tongue on the very tip, she stopped briefly and circled her finger around it, adding a little more pressure each time, her finger moving easily over his wet cock. She caught his gaze as she did so and, as they looked intensely at each other, she pursed her lips over the head of his cock and took his length into her mouth. It felt good.

His body shook in ecstasy as he watched, and felt, her take his entire cock into her mouth and, as she looked innocently into his eyes, he struggled to regain control of his senses. As her head stopped at the base of his cock, the sight alone made him want to come there and then. Every sensation in overdrive.

She enjoyed the sensation of his cock in her mouth. That and watching his reaction. Such a turn on. Her lips moved back up the length of his shaft and with a light swirl of the tongue, she took his cock from her mouth and looked at it, shining, glistening, wet. Her hand moved effortlessly up and down his shaft, thumb and forefinger gripping it carefully. Her tongue ran up and down the shaft once more, stopping at the tip before taking him in her mouth again, running her full lips up and down. Each time, she stoped to pay particular attention to the tip, before running her lips back down, taking a little more of him into her mouth, each time with a little gasp from him. Removing his cock from her mouth, her thumb and forefinger wrapped around the head and, moving down, she pulled his skin back tightly, increasing the sensation as she worked her tongue on it. A drop of pre-come glistened on the tip. Rolling her tongue over it she tasted him, then took him entirely in her mouth again.

He wasn't sure quite how long he could last for. He'd never known anything like this. Her firmly pulling the skin of his cock back heightened every sensation. Every flick and roll of her tongue was amplified a thousand times and his whole body, not just his cock, ached each time. He could feel his cock twitching each time, making his inevitable climax more intense and, as he looked down at her, revelling in the sight of her luscious, full lips, indulging his cock like never before, he saw her hand holding him tightly, whilst the other lightly rubbed her clit at the same time.

Caught in the moment, she had barely noticed her free hand wandering. For the briefest of moments, its fingers had wandered over her nipples, before moving down to her pussy. Now, as she teased and worked his hard cock, she became aware that the finger circling her clit was actually her own. Damn. She was turned on. Her finger paused from circling and, instead, ran up and down her lips. Her finger slipped easily down from her clit, brushing over her lips before reaching her pussy and lightly, so lightly, slipping inside. She wanted to have him. She needed to have him.

He needed to have her. That he'd lasted this far surprised him. He was so turned on. The tip of his cock continually twitched. He felt pressure building up inside him. He wanted to come so very much, but he wanted to have her even more. He wanted to look into her beautiful eyes at that most intimate of moments.

He looked into her eyes and knew she wanted him.

She looked up into his eyes and knew that he wanted her.

His jeans and pants were still around his ankles; he stepped out of them and was on his knees again. They kissed. They kissed like lovers who'd been torn apart and had never expected to come back together again and, as they held each other, she whispered into his ear.

"I want to fuck you; ride you and fuck you."

The soft voice in his ear was sexy and surprising and unexpected. His body felt a new and severe urgency. Her hands were on his chest and firmly pushed him backwards; no longer on his knees, he was sat, then on his back.

She pushed him back and, as he lay on the floor, she ran her eyes over his body, paying particular attention to his cock. She'd have that soon enough. She quickly grabbed a cushion from the settee and as he lifted his head from the floor, she slid it under, partly to make him more comfortable, but mainly because she wanted to feel his lips against hers. She watched as his eyes scanned her, enjoying his obvious delight at her naked figure. She stood over him, straddling his chest, casually making sure that she gave him the best view possible, but without making it deliberately obvious. In her head, as she relished his visual attentions, she made a note to congratulate herself later. The hourglass was clearly having the desired effect and, as his hands ran up her legs, stopping tantilisingly close to her pussy, which was just out of reach, she decided that her ass and breasts weren't doing too badly either. In a moment, she realised that one of his hands was no longer on her leg; it was on his still wet cock instead, lightly rubbing the tip. That wouldn't do. She wanted that cock. She was going to have it.

There was the briefest of stern looks on her face as she caught him playing with his cock. He almost felt guilty, traitorous. He watched her ass intently as she lowered herself down and as their bodies met, he felt her pussy lips sit perfectly on his hard cock, wrapping around it. As she leaned forward to kiss him, his eyes were drawn to her breasts, still pert, nipples still hard. His tongue ached for them. As if sensing his urge, her tongue met his and together they swirled. His hands ran from her shoulders, cupping her breasts, then down across every delicious curve and to her hips, which were moving her gently back and forth as she slowly got herself off using his hard cock, pausing occasionally to rub the tip of it more rapidly over her clit, working herself up a little more. His hands pulled her down a little more firmly against him, enjoying the sensation of her using him, revelling in the sight of her on top of him.
