 Jamir:

After that ordeal with Emani his mind was gone for the rest of the day, not even worrying about the beautiful brown skinned woman in front of him. All he could think about was how Emani tasted on his tongue that afternoon and how much he needed to release his frustrations. Only thing is he didn't want to masturbate he wanted something real and since he couldn't get rid of Lynn, he would just have to fuck the shit of her. As they walked into the house he dropped his keys, grabbed her and almost dragged her to the bedroom, but she stopped him in the hallway and said

"You're not getting me to bed that easily, why were you gone that long at lunch?"

"Can I not go to the car and answer a phone call now come here and treat ya man right..."

He said luring her mouth down to where he needed it the most. Finally after what seems like forever he felt her tongue circling the head of his dick and then go down the shaft on either side before using her full mouth to go up and down on him. He sighed deeply knowing the release he desperately needed would soon come. She continued to suck him; fast and then slower as he started thrusting his hips, with that she took him into her throat letting his warm cum go straight down her throat. She let him back into her mouth just in time for the last stream of cum to land on her tongue, and she swallowed smiling up at him. His eyes were closed the whole time imagining himself inside of Emani as he was inside her throat, he just couldn't get her off his mind. He ended up leaving Lynn in the middle of the floor looking lost, and went to take a long shower to try and clear his head; he didn't even hear her call after him.

Emani:

At the same time that Jamir was getting ready to take his midnight run; Emani was getting tired of lying in bed alone and texted to see what he was up to for the night. 

About to go for a run... But whatever you want me to be up to, to be honest

That's good I don't think I can sleep without you tonight... Can you come over after your run?

Not a problem I'll head over right now. Give me 30mins ok?

Ok bay. Take your time :)

Once she found out he was coming she went ahead to make her plans complete, somehow she knew he wouldn't turn her down. She put the finishing touch of a scarf on the doorknob to go with the note she left that read:

You licked up every drop of my chocolate like you missed it so now I want to show you where you took me too. Put on the blindfold and when you get in the house get undressed for me and I'll handle the rest. You trust me? ;)

He did as he was told and walked in blindfolded. Emani was watching from the island in the kitchen where there were sauces, assorted fruits and other delectibles just waiting for him to get fully naked. Once he had absolutely nothing on she scoped him and noticed the earlier bulge in his briefs wasn't deceiving her at all and he was definitely getting harder by the minute. Only when she saw him getting a little fidgety did she come from her position; she got to him just as he was about to ask something, and quickly put her finger to his lips 

"Ah ah ah, no questions... You got to trust me."

With that she kissed him softly on the lips, grabbed him by his member and led him to the kitchen. She slowly guided him to sit on the floor against the island...

"Are you ready?"

"For what?!"

"Do you trust me Jamir?"

"Yes bae. I'm sorry, I'm ready."

She reached for the ice and made circles around each nipple with sweet kisses in between. After getting the reaction she wanted she went and got the chocolate sauce and left a trail from his chin to right above his navel then she grabbed a strawberry and slid it through the sauce on his body. She gave it to him to bite into then took his blindfold off before taking the last of the sauce of his chin, finishing the strawberry, and kissing him. 

"Are you alright? You were breathing hard and making groaning noises." She giggled.

"Haha, very funny. Come here, and bring the rest of that stuff with you."

And with that they were in the kitchen for two hours playing with the food before they got cleaned up and went to bed. They went to bed naked that night and after round two in the shower they still couldn't get enough of each other. It wasn't but five minutes of lying down before he had her hands on the headboard bringing her ass back for him to handle. She was playing no games with the way she was grinding her pussy on him, but he pulled away from her making her whine.

"C'mon, don't play with the dick, I need it. Please don't tease me right now bay I want you deep inside of me right now."

There was so much passion behind her words that she knew if he denied her he wasn't going to get away with it after what he did to her in that car earlier. He thought about letting her show how wild she could really get, but thought he shouldn't push his luck and thrust back inside her. The night went on with him letting her have him anyway she wanted him; reverse cowgirl, doggy style, praying mantis, and any other position she got them into. He was there from beginning to end, cumming only when she did.