 I was nervous when I called Beth. No women knew of my appetite for cock, and Beth more than knew – she had seen cum dripping down my chin. But rather than being horrified, as I would imagine most women would be, Beth was complimentary.

Beth and I met for coffee in a quiet diner on a Saturday evening. Seeing her, I was reminded of how pretty she was. She had a natural, youthful quality about her – no make-up, long straight blonde hair, and an effortless smile. Her skin was pale and slightly freckled, and here eyes were a beautiful cornflower blue. Her kind, relaxed demeanor put me at ease.

I was surprised at how shapely Beth was – her flight attendant uniform didn't do her justice. She was wearing jeans and a tight sweater which highlighted her healthy backside and generous bosom. She was about my height (5'7") and her body was fit and belied her age (I couldn't believe she was actually 40). She was a very sexy woman.

We chatted for awhile about innocent topics – I was surprised to find that Beth was married to Frank! After an hour or so, our conversation finally turned sexual. She was very curious as to how I became such a consummate cocksucker. I shared my history with her: My first cock in a porno theatre when I was twenty, my bathhouse adventures, internet hookups, and my otherwise very ‘straight' lifestyle. She was fascinated by my sexual life.

"What attracted you to cock-sucking in the first place...did you just wake up one day and decide you wanted to suck a cock?" she asked.

"Kind of," I replied. "I used to visit this porno theatre in when I was in college and one day I noticed two guys going at it in the bathroom. I was disgusted at first and ran out of there. But I couldn't get the image out of my head, and soon I had fantasies about doing it myself. So one day, I went back to that porno theatre, found a nice looking guy, sat down next to him, and sucked his cock...I've been hooked ever since."

"That's amazing Max," she said. "What is it about giving head that you love so much?"

"Well, it's everything." I thought about it for a second. "I love the feel of a cock against my lips or playfully slapped against my face. I love the texture of cum...feeling it on my tongue or dripping down my face. But I think most of all, I just love the slutty feeling of being on my knees and servicing a guy."

"We have a lot in common," said Beth. "Do you like women too?"

"Oh absolutely," I replied. "I love women...as much as I love sucking cock."

Beth smiled broadly and invited me back to her place. As we walked into her apartment, she held my hand and led me to her soft living room couch. She kissed my cheek and then worked her way down to my neck, which absolutely drives me crazy. I kissed her back...we spent the next hour leisurely exploring each others mouths.

Her soft full lips complemented mine perfectly and we would have been content spending the night kissing. But of course, we moved on to other things. My hands found their way under Beth's sweater as she firmly grabbed my backside. In removing her sweater and bra, I unveiled the softest, most beautiful breasts.

They were lightly freckled with large areola and erect nipples. They had the slightest wilt to them, which I found incredibly sexy. My hands couldn't encompass their ample size, but my lips and tongue explored every inch of her magnificent chest. By the time I worked my way back to her lips, we had undressed completely.

Beth took the lead now – she firmly rolled me onto my back and crawled between my legs. Sitting on the couch, I felt Beth kiss her way up my legs. On her knees, she rested her arms on my thighs. She looked up at me with her big sexy eyes as her spectacular breasts fell between my knees.

"I want your cum," she whispered. My cock, erect as it has ever been, twitched in anticipation. 

Beth leaned forward and licked my smooth ball-sac. She skillfully massaged each testicle in her mouth, gently pulling my scrotum. Working her way up my shaft, Beth was generous with her tongue. She sensually let her saliva fall onto my cock and then licked it off as if she were a cat drinking water. It was extraordinary.

I didn't think I could last much longer, and Beth knew it. She easily deep throated my six inch cock and furtively bobbed her head up and down. I let out a deep, satisfying groan and experienced an extraordinary orgasm. My whole body trembled as I came and my hyper-sensitive cock could barely take Beth's continued attentions. She wouldn't let my cock out of her mouth until she got every drop.

She did, in fact, get every drop. And when she crawled on top of me and kissed me, I could taste myself in her mouth. We kissed leisurely, yet passionately. And when my recovering penis grew into its full length, Beth grinded her pelvis onto mine; and I comfortably slipped inside of her. She fucked with a sensual, energetic rhythm – bouncing on my cock with glee. 

After bringing me to the verge of another orgasm, Beth decided it was she who wanted to be fucked. She rolled off of me and gracefully fell onto the floor, coaxing me on top of her. Lifting her left leg over my shoulder, she guided me inside of her and commanded firmly, "fuck me".

I obliged. After thrusting quickly for several minutes while Beth played with her clitoris, she came. Her orgasm was beautiful and uninhibited as she let out ferocious moans of joy that also sent me over the edge. I managed to pull out before exploding and coated her stomach, chest and even her chin. I felt the warmth of my cum between us as I collapsed on top of her.

She kissed me on the lips and mused, "Great cocksuckers are always a great lay."