 The cold Colorado winter wind gusted outside, then calmed. What a luxury to be living in California he thought. But, the room was warm, and their two naked bodies nestled together in the heated ambience. Her body, pressed against his, stirred slightly and she sighed, then curled her knees a little and tightened her arm over his shoulder, but still seemed to be sleeping. He thought of the first time they met on-line.

The message popped up on the screen. "What's under the robe?" it flashed. Her screen name was pussykat. He smiled, always happy when a mature woman pmed him. "Just the usual stuff" he typed. Then a long conversation started; it seemed so natural. They talked regularly, when time allowed, and they would drift away, come back, and drift away again. The conversation always included sexual innuendos, and eventually they made love—so satisfyingly that the inevitable happened, and they decided to meet "just to have lunch," and here they were, naked in bed, basking in the reverie of their fantastic sex.

His thoughts caused a swelling between is legs. It was still wet from the combination of his semen and her natural juices that flowed so freely, the air redolent with their mixed scent. Soon the swelling became a full erection, straining against her closed legs. His fingers gently traced lines up and down Katherine's bare arms. She sighed again, and kissed his shoulder. There was no need for words. They'd used words so many times to express their loving on the screen. Now it was just soaking up the closeness, enjoying the moment.

She moved her hips and slid her left leg over Teddy's, massaging her calf up and down his hairy leg. The space allowed his hardness to spring free from its confinement. He moved his hand over her smoothly contoured hip, down her leg, then crossed to her inner thigh. She purred like a kitten, a pussykat he thought, as his fingers tiptoed up her soft thigh, feeling the heat and wetness that he both left and created just moments ago. She looked up demurely and chuckled whispering "I'm still pretty wet down there darling." His fingers parted her warm lips with a tiny click, touching what felt like warm aloe. "Two fingers please" she said with a devilish smile, as if ordering a glass of scotch.

She bucked her hips, backing away when he probed deeply, then slamming forward when he pulled back, his fingers worked inside her spongy wet pussy, making delicious slurpy fetching sounds. He imagined the image of his fingers surrounded by her slippery pink walls, and rejoiced that her wetness was so lusciously added to by the semen so recently shot from his balls. 

Brought back to reality by the sensation of her fingers wrapping themselves around his cock he whispered "Oh baby, stroke it." She moved the loose skin over his rigid shaft, and his heart fluttered when she said "I want to taste you Teddy." 

Feeling devilish, he took his sopping fingers out of her pussy, and began to gloss her lips. She puckered and pecked his fingertips, then opened her lips and sucked them deeply inside her mouth, squeegeeing, the white exotic residue with her tongue. He pulled his fingers out with a "pop" and slid them back inside her pussy, at the same time melting his lips into hers, then sliding them back and forth through the glossy, redolent coating. 

Their passion was fully aroused as they kissed, tongues playing wildly, now breathing as one. Saliva leaked from their mouths and down their chins, the delicious musky odor of their co-mixed fluids enhancing their excitement. He felt the rough area inside her vagina, and began pressing to locate her gspot. She lay still in anticipation, and then wiggled when he found it, bucking as his fingertip found the slight bulge which grew with his repeated pressing and releases. She worked her hand up and down his cock as her legs spread and came together, wanting to give him pleasure as her sodden pussy bucked against his hand. 

When they came up for air, she brushed her long hair back, holding it out of the way of her face, and covering his rigidity with her mouth, plunging until his head touched her soft palate. She gagged slightly, and then pulled back, grasping the base of his cock, moving his skin down, stretching it as her lips squeegeed his shaft. He felt the skin on his bullet shaped helmet stretch tight as she pulled downward, the slit opening, her tongue probing and licking the precum clean, squeezing her fingers and milking him, then filling the hole again, and cleaning it. Finally, with gulps and moans, she worked her mouth up and down his shaft while her tongue spread the sweet balm over the tight skin of his head.

He thought that he wouldn't be so sensitive, having taken the edge off his excitement in their initial coupling, but the urgency between his legs was building for another release, so he cramped the muscles around his anus to forestall a premature explosion. He realized that her mouth had felt the bulk of a cock many times before; she appeared to love pleasuring a man in this way, tantalizing each erogenous spot of his electric maleness. 

Katherine made use of all her oral assets: lips, tongue, teeth, ridged roof, and soft pallet; even tickling his head with her uvula. Her lips and mouth moved elegantly up and down his shaft, laving it with her copious saliva, while making satisfied, yet muffled sighs, breathing loudly through her flaring nostrils; at the same time fondling his balls, and even giving them a devilish squeeze. Her head moved wildly up and down, her hair getting in the way, wrapping around the wet shaft. She pushed it back again with her hand, moving faster and faster. She was in control of this phase of their love making. Her hand moved off his balls, and her finger pressed in as it found the soft spot toward his anus. I was free now to experience a deeper orgasm than he was accustomed. The dam held, but every nerve in his body shuddered in ecstasy.

Ted was free to experience a deeper orgasm than he was accustomed. The dam held, but every nerve in his body shuddered in ecstasy. He couldn't believe the spasms that started in his balls, moved to his anus, contracted his toes, and caused him to gulp in air and release with a "holy shit! Oh baby, baby!" His usual high when he ejaculated was not the same. This time he stayed high, not experiencing the usual lassitude, which required precious minutes to pass. The sensation in the head of his cock increased, instead of diminishing, and his eyes widened like saucers as Katherine's mouth continued to devour him, her own excitement being expressed in high pitched, but muffled screams. God, she really loves this he thought.

She released the pressure on his spot, knowing that he would stay hard now, but allowing her to taste a modicum of his sperm that oozed the length of his shaft. She raised her head and smiled at him, licking his white essence, appearing like a model in a milk ad. The look in her eye told him that she was not yet finished with him, and she positioned herself between his legs, coaxing him to raise them. She lifted his balls out of the way, spread his cheeks and coated the balm of his manhood over his wrinkled anus, her tongue tip circling, which caused an "sssss, ooooh, Jesus!"

Having satisfying her oral fetish for the time being she thought I want that throbbing cock inside me again, and lowered his legs to the bed, his veined cock standing upright. She straddled him, walked on her knees to his erection, taking it in her hand, then raised to position herself above it. She lowered slightly, wiggling his cock along her slippery groove, find the entrance to her love tunnel, wiggled again, forming the socket and then, let her self sink slowly down, impaled on his rigid manhood. As she went down, her spongy walls felt his bulk filling her, exciting the nerves of her tingling vagina. Her lids closed and her eyeballs rolled up as her lips formed a small oval, which allowed an almost whistled "oooooooh." 

Teddy gasped "oh fuck!" as he felt his cock being covered and embraced inside her. He bucked up to meet her, watching her eyes close and her lips whisper her ecstatic pleasure. Their bodies slapped together, and then settled on the bed. He hooked his legs over her calves, and opened his arms as she laid her body on his, her breasts flattening on his chest. 

Their eyes met, and lips smiled. "Do you know how many times I've dreamed of this Katy?" he said. She smiled and nodded, as if she knew. "I've looked at your picture" he said "read our chat's, both those where we made love and not." 

She kissed both of his eyelids. 

"I've thought of you so many times, while he stroking my hard cock, imagining my hand was you..." he said.

She kissed his lips, pushed up on her knees, her tight and luscious pocket gliding up his engorged shaft, until her vaginal sphincter held the knob of his head, and then dropped. "Aaaah" he moaned, and continued through clenched teeth "I've spurted my semen, covering my hand, feeling my cum shoot inside you so many times..." Again Katherine recoiled, then dropped hard, impaling herself on him "Aaaah...Oh baby to feel you on me like this, to know that I'm inside you...Jesus!"

"Ooooooooh" she said all the way down, until her bottom slapped on Teddy's legs, just barely feeling his balls rising in the cleft of her cheeks; her breast sagging down with gravity and then bouncing up.

"You have very sexy breasts" he said, holding up his hands, fondling them as she continued her slow bucking ride.

She continued moving up and down, "ssssing" with each retraction and "oooohing" with each penetration, loving the feel of his hands pressing on her breasts, circling them and increasing her excitement as she rode the delicious carousel. She felt his fingers testing the softness of her breasts, her mind full of his cock moving in and out of her like a piston, turning the motor of her libido, not realizing that he had begun rolling her nipples, like a radio dial, searching for the right program. Her eyes were closed, feeling his fullness massaging vagina, almost touching her cervix, with each return to the saddle.

He couldn't believe how long he stayed hard, realizing that Katherine's expertise in shutting off his valve when she was sucking his cock, was responsible for this long and lovely copulation. And he'd never felt such excitement, with each impalement, on the nerve endings of his glans.

With his eyes closed he felt her soft, slickness stroke him so soft. It was as if when she covered him with her allness, he felt a surge in his balls, his tongue, toes and finger tips—total enervation. He looked up and couldn't stop his words "I love you Katherine" as his fingers began squeezing her nipples. He knew it would hurt, but knew also that it would fill her with ecstasy, and he squeezed harder still.

Katherine felt the fire of pain in her nipples. She breathed deeply as his fingers squeezed hard, raising on her knees, the head of his cock almost out of her pussy. The pain in her nipples intensified, and then she felt a numbness, which excited her. She sat down hard, closed her eyes and threw her head back, her nostrils flaring with her torrid breath. Raising up again, feeling the head of his cock brushing her g-spot, she moved her hips back a little, and worked the distended glans against her bulging sac. 

As his hardness rubbed against the front of her Yoni, she worked his head against her g-spot, feeling it become more sensitive and swollen. She felt her orgasm building, and wanted him to cum with her, so she wrapped the fingers of her right hand around his lingam, and, as she moved up and down in sharp jabs, she masturbated his exposed shaft, commanding "cum for me baby, cum, let's do it together."

She felt the rumbling begin deep inside her, knowing that she was going to ejaculate from her g-spot, and she sat down hard, burying him deeply inside of her. His legs and butt tightened, and he raised up trying to fuck her, as he grunted "uh,uh,uh." She was in full slide, moving up and down, gritting her teeth, making "sss, sss,sss" sounds anticipating her release... She felt it coming and fucked with wild abandon, feeling, feeling... "Oh God, Teddy!" Her spot released and she gushed.

He could hold back no longer, and, at Katherine's invitation, came with intense pulsations, once, twice, three times, and then, his balls spasing one more time, leaked the last remains of his reservoir into her sodden pussy. She kept fucking him, up and down, now running on the remains of her passion. 

Both felt the surge of each other's ejaculations; He the initial warmth of her essence, just before his seminal surges; She the release of her sac, and then the pulsation of his cock. The separate juices flowed and then mixed, her urine-like ejaculate mixed and thinned his thicker semen. The result was silky. Their repeated strokes forced liquid through her tight ring, sending a fetching bubbly flow down his shaft, which seeped into his pubic hair and sagged down his scrotum.

Exhausted, she fell upon his body, at first kissing passionately, then drifting off into darkness. He luxuriated in the warm, soft weight of her body, smelling the copious musk, now leaking past his receding promontory, her sopping—soft walls lovingly embracing his limpness. As he drifted to join Katherine in satisfied slumber, he remembered her breathing slowing, and then becoming almost nonexistent, but for her satisfied sighs.

to be continued...