 When I woke the next morning, my body ached with the memory of what happened the night before. It was a pleasant ache, one that started low in my stomach and spread to the lash marks across my breasts. Nate was still sleeping peacefully; his head was nestled softly in between my breasts. I ran my fingers through his hair and smiled when he nuzzled closer to me. Only his soft snoring let me know that he was still asleep. 

The way his hands were laying across my hips still had me a little hot and heavy. I wasn't sure my body could take another night like last night, but it could handle waking him up with a shout or two... So I tried to slide out from under him gently. The sheer size of him made it a little hard, but when I finally did manage to get out, he just sighed and rolled onto his back. I smiled as I looked him up and down. I really hadn't had a chance to do that last night. 

His body was as strong as it looked. No, he didn't have a six pack, but his body emanated masculine power and strength. His thighs were nice and thick and his arms matched. He was strength. And I wanted to conquer him as he had me the night before. I looked over on the side of the bed and saw the restraints he had used on me. I picked them up and gently cuffed his wrists to the bed. If he woke up, I didn't want him to overpower me. Something in me told me that he would. This was my time now. 

I positioned myself between his legs and locked my eyes on his dick. Even soft it was intimidating. I moved my hands toward him and wrapped my fingers around him firmly, using old fashioned spit lube. He didn't jump to attention, but his body was starting to react to my touch. I stroked him harder, faster, loving the feeling of his dick hardening in my grip. I cupped his balls with my other hand and watched his face contort with pleasure. I smiled and continued working. 

My imagination kind of went wild. All I could think about was taking him in the hospital. Finding an empty on call room and having him ravish me in one of the beds, coworkers be damned. I moaned softly and brought my mouth to his dick. I took the thick length of him in my mouth and his body reacted. His hips bucked up into my mouth and a moan tore out of his lips. I took him in as far as I could and pulled him back out. When I looked up, he was staring down at me with fire in his eyes. He tugged on his restraints but didn't put up much of a fight as I continued what I was doing with my hands. I looked at him slyly.

"Morning, Nate." My voice dropped low. He looked a little surprised, but his head fell back as my fingers made a circle around the tip of his dick. A shudder went through his body before he replied.

"I see you're feeling adventurous this morning, Brooke." He yanked against the handcuffs again, "I love seeing those marks on you. You can't even imagine what's going to happen when you let me go..." 

He let the threat hang in the air. I just smiled and replied, "You can't even imagine what I'm about to do to you, Nathaniel." A smile parted my lips as I took him in my mouth again. Oh, it felt so good to have him underneath me. It felt good to be in control of this situation. And his threat made my pussy wet, I longed for him to dominate me. After I had my fun, that is. 

"I can imagine you letting me go," He said with urgency. I looked up and saw the lust burning in his eyes, and I slid his dick out of my mouth. 

"Funny, I can't picture that right now," I replied. "All I can picture is me sitting on your face and then riding you until you're shouting my name as you come. Pity we don't line up..." 

I stood up and sat on his stomach, letting my wetness fall down his body. He would never actually know how much he turned me on. My body simply couldn't react that violently. 

"I can picture kissing you while you're trying to free yourself. I can see you plainly bending me over when I'm done with you and hitting me with your belt, only to take me again because I'm so hot for you. But I can also see me leaving you like this and having you as I will for a while. It's all so tantalizing. What shall I do?" I leaned forward and kissed him. He kissed me back eagerly.

"Woman, you're treading a thin line..." The warning was thick in the room, but I liked it. He popped me further up on him with a thrust of his hips. "All I can see right now is you bent over my legs with your hands and feet tied together, taking the pain as I bring my belt down across that ass. I can see your skin breaking out with that perfect redness and then taking you from behind with my hands on your hips..."

I cut him off with a harsh kiss. I couldn't listen to the talk anymore. I couldn't participate in the talk. I let my tongue venture through his mouth and opened my mouth to his. He grunted against me and I broke the kiss off and brought one of my breasts to his mouth. He bit my nipple and I moaned. It was a sharp, quick pain but it was all it took. I had never actually tried to do anything like this before. Nate was so receptive that I couldn't contain myself. I stood over him and positioned my pussy over his face. He looked so eager for me that I couldn't deny myself the pleasure anymore. I sat down, careful not to put my full weight on him, and moaned when teeth met my clit. He nipped gently and his tongue roamed around my lips. I rocked back and forth on his face until I felt a pressure low in my stomach. 

"Fuck," I called out. I could feel the orgasm coming, but I wasn't ready for it yet. I knew after I came I would be almost useless, so I stood back up and worked my way back down to his dick. I took him back into my hand and stroked him. 

"Fucking ride me, Brooke," he pleaded. His cock jerked in my hand. The sudden urge to be manhandled ran through me. I wanted to feel his hands in my hair. I wanted his hands on my hips forcing me down the full length of him as I rode him. I wanted his beautiful roughness, but this was my moment, wasn't it? How long could I deny myself though? I squeezed him hard and his hips came up off the bed. "Fuck please!" He growled. 

I obliged. My pussy was dripping with need for him. I braced myself for the pain of him as I lowered myself down onto his dick. The sheer pressure of his cock was almost too much for me. He forced me open; I had to wiggle a little so my body would accept him. He grunted under me and I started to bounce up and down slowly until his dick was bumping against my cervix. The pain of that was hot and wild, but it made me drip for him. I grinded my hips into his and watched as his mouth fell open. 

"You're so tight, Brooke," He moaned. He thrust his hips up in tune to mine. I braced myself on his chest with one hand and brought the other down to play with my clit. I leaned back a little to give him a show, and his dick jerked inside me. The sensation sent shockwaves of pleasure through me. I arched my back and tried to take him in deeper than my body would allow. "Let my hands go and I'll show you pleasure like you've never felt before." He growled. 

"Not yet. Not till I'm done." I moved my hips faster on him. The fullness inside me was mind blowing. I wanted to feel like this all the time.

"Brooke. I'm not asking." He said firmly. I looked into his eyes and saw the demand. I smiled at him and shook my head.

"What will happen if I don't?" His answer was to thrust up into me so hard that I saw stars. "FUCK Nate!" 

"If you don't, I won't do that again, love." He threatened. Now that was a threat I couldn't risk. I saw the twisted pleasure in his eyes. I bent down to kiss him while I let his hands out of the restraints. He immediately took control of me. He flipped me over onto my hands and knees and planted his hands firmly on my hips. "This is your punishment, Brooke."

He immobilized my body from my hips down. His grip so strong that I was positive I was going to have handprint bruises decorating them. He drove his dick into me and grunted. The pleasure that fanned out in my body was so strong it tore a strangled scream from my mouth. The shock of the thrust made my boobs bounce back and forth. I pressed my fingers into the bed. Nate moaned above me. He leaned across my body and bent down until his lips were pressed against my shoulders. He kissed me lightly and then took some of my skin between his teeth. He bit down as he thrust into me again. He let his grip ease up and circled his hands around my body so he had my pussy cupped in one hand and my breasts in the other. My breathing got more and more shallow. His fingers played with my clit as he thrust into me. 

"Please don't stop, Nate." I begged. His fingers pressed harder into my clit. I was right on the brink... I started to push myself back against Nate's body. He didn't stop me; he just kept pushing into me. As the heat started to build, my movements got more and more frantic. I wanted the orgasm to take me over. Not for the first time, the feeling of his dick inside me made me gasp. One final thrust from him made my body erupt with the pleasure his was giving me. He didn't stop as my pussy milked his dick.  

His chest rose and fell hard against my back. He was trying hard to control his breathing, to control his reaction to me, but he wasn't succeeding very well. My body went limp as the orgasm started to fade and Nate pulled out of me. He flipped me over and brought me up to dick level. He shoved his cock in my mouth and pushed his length down my throat. I choked on him a little as I tasted myself on him. He fisted my hair and pushed himself in. I took him in all too willingly and moaned around him. I tried to take the job over, but he thrust in and out of my mouth until I tasted his hot, salty cum going down the back of my throat. His orgasm overtook him in spurts. My name peeled out of his mouth as he pulled his dick out of me. Nate pushed me backwards and collapsed on top of me. His lips covered mine in a passionate kiss. I took him in. His lips were all I wanted in that moment. 

"You drive me crazy, Brooklyn." He said, his breath still coming out in pants. I smiled against his lips. 

"It's my pleasure."

He kissed me once again and then rolled off me. It made me feel kind of empty. But now the pain from last night was compounded with that from this morning. It was so, so welcome. I had finally found someone who could completely satisfy me. I looked over at his completely sated face and smiled. He gave me that million dollar smile back and pulled me over onto his chest. I rested my head there and listened to his heartbeat. My last thought before falling asleep was that I had finally found home.