 It was going to be a long flight from San Francisco to Shanghai. Fortunately, I got an upgrade to Business class, promising a bit more room for the 12 hour trip. I settled into my seat, only to be disturbed by an attractive young Asian woman in a short sun dress who indicated that she wanted to get into the seat next to me. Glad that it was not some obese person with lots of hand luggage who would intrude upon my precious space, or a talkative salesman who would want to yak the entire way to China, I rose and let her in. Her cute little butt brushed by me as she slid in to take her seat. 

We passed some pleasantries - why are you going to Shanghai, that sort of thing - and I discovered that she was actually Chinese American, having been born in the Bay area. She was going to Shanghai to visit family before starting her first job, a newly graduated college student I surmised. That was about it. As the initial conversation died, as it inevitably did, I put on my sound canceling earphones, dug out my work, and mentally prepared myself for the journey. 

After about seven hours into the flight, I must have dozed off, though I didn't think I was sleepy. As I glanced at my seatmate, I discovered that she too had decided to take a nap, reclining her seat into full bed mode - one of the small advantages that Business class offered. Though the flight attendants had darkened the cabin, my seatmate had left her reading light on, casting a glow upon her reclined form. With her asleep, I took the opportunity to furtively survey her. Her face was quite beautiful, with a perfect complexion and light makeup to enhance her features. As she tossed and turned, apparently trying to get comfortable, I occasionally glanced over. I did not want to get caught checking her out, so to speak, as that would make the rest of the flight rather awkward. I was, after all, old enough to be her father. But I could not resist the occasional ogle of such a magnificent young woman.

As she squirmed in her seat, her short dress began to creep up. Though she had a blanket over her legs, more and more of her ass checks were revealed each time she rolled over in the small space allotted to her. I saw no evidence of underwear, until a thin piece of fabric disappearing into her ass crack showed itself. I love thongs, I laughed to myself. Soon, a creamy, perfect butt cheek was fully on display between her now scrunched up dress and blanket. With the reading light shining directly upon her ass, it looked as if it were spotlighted on a stage for my personal enjoyment. My mind wandered to what it would be like to slide my hard dick where her thong was, though I quickly tried to suppress the idea and get my mind back on work. 

Soon, though, she rolled over towards me, depriving me of my beautiful sight. Glancing over again, however, I now noticed that her nipples were pointing stiffly out of her chest. To say that she had tits would be an overstatement. She was not, I could tell, well endowed. She possessed more slight swellings on her chest than breasts - though I guess technically the word still applied. Staring at her as she slept, I gathered that no bra was necessary. Certainly, none was apparent. I'm usually a tit man who loves large breasts. The way her nipples extended themselves, however, was a sight to behold. From her small swellings grew hard points that appeared to protrude at least an inch or more. Despite her almost non-existent tits, she had perhaps the most amazing set of nipples I have been privileged to observe. Whether she was cold from the air in the plane, which was possible given that her blanket had by now fallen nearly off, or from a particularly sexual dream, I was the beneficiary of an extraordinary sight. Work was now the furthest thing from my mind. I could not pull my eyes away from my seatmate. 

Finally, she opened her eyes, looked directly at me, and said directly "You've been staring at me." 

"Yes," I confessed. "Seldom have I had such a beautiful seatmate." 

Rather than take offense, as I feared, she smiled and said "I've been having the most wonderful dream." 

"About what?" I asked, with a slight quiver in my voice that even I could hear. 

"Have you ever joined the 'mile high club'"? she asked, quietly. 

"Yes," I responded, somewhat reluctantly. "But the washroom is really not very pleasant, you know. Airplane bathrooms are really quite cramped. The smells are unpleasant. Frankly, the whole idea is rather off-putting, though it is novel," I responded. 

"What about this?" I suggested, as I threw my blanket sideways over the two of us, turned off her reading light, reached across the barrier between our seats, and put my hand on her no longer visible butt. Getting only a purr in return, rather than the slap in the face that was certainly possible, I started to rub my hand over her backside. She raised one leg slightly. 

Taking this as a further invitation, I moved my hand around to her front. Moving her thong aside, I discovered she was dripping wet, seeping sensuous and slippery juices from her delicate flower. Throwing caution to the wind, I slipped my middle finger into her, immediately finding her "g-spot." She jumped a little. I then crooked my index finger and found her engorged clit with my thumb. Moving my hand in a circular motion, her leg opened a little wider, her eyes closed, and small little moans became music to my ears. Within only a minute or two, she tensed, squeezed my middle finger tightly within her body, and then flooded my hand. 

"That was quick," I said softly. 

"You have no idea what my dreams were," she smiled, "or how good that felt." 

Checking that the blanket was still discretely covering us in the now dark cabin, she moved her small hand over to me. With my finger still firmly embedded in her as far as it could go, she reached over to me, unzipped my pants, found my hard dick, and freed it from its confines. With firm but agonizingly slow strokes, she brought me to full attention. It was one of the most erotic moments of my life. 

Suddenly, though, she sat up, looked around, and then quietly said "I have an idea." With that, she pushed the button to recline my seat as well. She then made sure I was covered with the blanket and slid over the armrest to join me in my seat. In the best of circumstances, airline seats, even in Business, are still quite small. Fortunately, so was she - and I am reasonably thin. On our sides, we could both just about fit in a spooning position as we lay prone on the so-called bed. Once again checking the blanket to make sure we were covered, she rubbed her ass into me, and I felt my cock between her cheeks - my earlier fantasy. Grabbing me once again, she maneuvered around and slid just the tip of my hard dick into her still wet opening. I couldn't get very good penetration given the position we were in. There was essentially no room to move around to get a better angle. Still, it felt great to have even that much of me inside her. 

Slowly, slowly, I felt her squeeze her pussy tight, putting wonderful pressure on just the tip of my cock. It felt amazing. As we lay quietly, trying hard not to draw attention to ourselves, unable to move, she brought me off simply by playing with the very end of my dick with her pussy lips. Great muscle control, I thought, as I lost myself in her tender ministrations. 

I reached one arm around her and found her hard nipples. She was obviously getting off on this as well, as her nipples had retained or returned - I wasn't sure - to their former erect state. Despite the fact that I could not get skin contact and could only feel them through the thin material of her dress, I squeezed her protrusions hard and enjoyed their rubbery consistency as I rolled the enormous nipples between my fingers. This brought forth new moans from her, which I tried to shush without success.

As her squeezing continued, I soon began to lose control. I reluctantly took my hand away from her nipples and tried to move to her clit. I couldn't quite get it, the way we were positioned, but apparently I got close enough as her squeezes became even harder and, it seemed, more erratic. As she rose to another orgasm, I slipped another half inch or so of myself into her, bringing me to the edge. As she began to shudder and quake, I released my seed, some into her, some onto her thigh, and some it seemed onto our protective blanket. Without much penetration, cum seemed to spurt out everywhere. Now quiet, she slipped her hand to her crotch, scooped up my cum, and brought her fingers to her mouth. After doing this several times, she discretely - or as discretely as she could - hopped back over the divider while trying to pull down her dress to some semblance of decency. 

"Why don't you go fix yourself," she suggested. "I'll go next." Putting myself back together as best I could, I managed to make it to the nearby bathroom without drawing undue attention. I washed up a bit, tucked my shirt in, and generally tried to make myself presentable. As I returned to my seat, my partner excused herself, and demurely retreated to the same restroom for, I assumed, the same purpose.

A few minutes later she returned, smiled at me, and buckled herself back into her seat as if nothing had ever happened. Smiling again, she put her headphones back on, and starting flipping through the onboard movies. A flight attendant walked by, dropped a couple of hand wipes on the divider, and quietly asked "Can I get you two anything else?" We both stifled an embarrassed laugh. 

Every once in a while, we'd look over at each other, smile, but then return to ourselves. As we arrived in Shanghai hours later and collected our possessions from around our seats, the silence became awkward. "I had a wonderful flight," I finally said. "Thanks for making it so memorable." 

"Me too," she responded. 

Getting off the plane, I realized that I never even got her name.