 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction based on a true event. The names have been changed to protect those involved. This writer does not encourage cheating IRL as this is only a work of fiction. Any resemblance to those living or dead is purely coincidental, as well as the names of places. This story has a lot of plot to it. If you're not in it for the plot, this is not the story for you. If you are, however, please enjoy and don't forget to comment below! Happy Reading!

All characters are 18 years old and above.

==============

Tim is in a loveless marriage. However, someone from his past comes back into his life.

It was the middle of December, and by the time I had gotten home from work, my wife was getting ready to go do her overnight shift. As I stepped through the door, she hastily greeted me and went into the bedroom to finish doing her makeup. I shrugged it off and went to the pantry to find something to fix myself for dinner. Being that I was a little tired, I really didn't want to spend all night making up a meal, so I decided on just some Rice-a-Roni. By the time I had melted the butter and had the rice all sauteed, my wife had emerged from the room, and gave me a half hearted peck on the cheek saying, "Gotta go, see ya later."

You see, her and I have only been married for about three years. When we first got together and even we we got married, things were great. The sex was even better. Hell, sometimes we'd go six or seven times a day. That lasted all up until the middle of last year, when she got a job working overnight at a hospital about 45 minutes away. Ever since then, we hardly even saw each other anymore. And that's not just because of the hours; she's had plenty of other chances to change her schedule around so we'd have more time together. But it seemed like she was replacing me with her job. Shit, the last time we even had sex was almost three months ago! So, it's pretty much just become my norm to take advantage of all the time I had to myself and get caught up on some quality "me time" - if you know what I'm saying.

Tonight was no different. Locking the door and closing the windows shades, I got comfortable on the couch and went to turn on the internet browser on our TV. I had just found a video that suited my fancy and began to undo my pants when suddenly - my phone rang. "God dammit," I cursed pausing the video and picked up my phone, thinking it was my wife calling to tell me they didn't need her to come in tonight. Glancing at the phone, I didn't recognize the number so I just let it ring. I figured if it was important enough, they'd leave a voicemail. Eventually the ringing stopped, but no voicemail came through. I shrugged my shoulders and was about to continue tonight's adventures when my phone rang again. I picked it up; same number as before. Figuring that whoever was on the other end was going to keep calling, I just went on ahead and answered.

"Hello?" I answered.

"Hey Tim. It's Alli, please don't hang up," the voice on the other side responded.

Immediately, my heart stopped. My chest became heavy and I couldn't see straight. I kind of blanked out as I was trying to wrap my head around why...she...would be calling me. Alli was my first love before I got together with my wife. We dated for almost three years before I finally popped the question, to which she said yes; much to my gratitude. We went on for about a year after that, planning the perfect wedding and getting things together to prepare for our happy life together. Then suddenly, one day, she called me and said, "It's over. I can't do this. Don't try to find or contact me 'cause you won't be able to. Goodbye." I'll never forget that day, and now it was replaying in my head as the same girl that ripped my heart out was on the phone with me tonight.

"Uh, uh, hi...Alli. Uh, long time no talk," I nervously said.

I could hear her nervously chuckle. "Yeah. Yeah, I know."

After a few moments, I said, "So, what's up?"

"Listen, I know I'm calling out of the blue, but just hear me out, please?"

"Okay," was the only thing I said.

"So...I'm back in the city. And, for like a month now, I've been trying to work up the courage to try and call you..." Alli began.

"Wait, you mean you've been back here for a month? Actually, how did you get my number in the first place?" I interrupted.

"Oh, I found Brian on Facebook and he gave me your number," she said.

God dammit, Brian. "Really now? Okay, but why are you calling me? I thought you wanted nothing to do with me?" I said in a snide tone.

There was a slight pause, and then, "Listen, I know okay? I know. I'm sorry about what happened, and...I want to make it up to you. It's just I really want..." Alli paused for a moment, then said, "I need to see you."

The thought of someone actually wanting to see and spend time with me made my heart swell, although I was a little hesitant at first. "Well, I mean, I'm free now."

I heard Alli let out a giggly sigh. "Oh, great, I'm glad. Um, do you wanna have dinner together?"

I felt that I needed some closure with Alli. "You know what, that sounds good. Do you have anywhere in mind?"

"Umm...I know! How about Cafe Carlyle?"

"Really, there?" I said sarcastically. Cafe Carlyle is where I took Alli for our first date. Although, maybe it was an appropriate place for reconciliation. "Okay, when do you wanna meet up."

"How far away are you from downtown?" Alli asked.

"Only about twenty minutes. Besides I have to get ready, I can't exactly show up there wearing jeans and a t-shirt."

Alli laughed. "Yeah, it's a little ritzy. Tell ya' what, why don't we meet there in, let's say about an hour?"

"That sounds good to me, Alli. I'll see you there."

"Awesome! God, I can't wait to see you!" Alli said before hanging up the phone.

As I turned the screen off, I muttered, "Yeah, me neither."

Honestly, I didn't know what to think. I mean, I've not seen nor heard from Alli in almost five years and now, here she was wanting to have dinner together. This is crazy. However, curiosity took over. I stepped in and took a quick shower and then got dressed in the best suit that I could find in my closet. Cafe Carlyle was the type of restaurant that you would pay $16 for a three ounce steak, so they kind of had a dress code. 

As I was finishing up the final touches to my ensemble, I took a glance at my watch. Shit! I only had half an hour to get there and not be late. I hurried up with my tie, splashed a little bit of cologne on and started heading for the door. As I was walking out, a picture of my wife and I caught my eye. It wasn't a long look before I scoffed and headed out. 

=======================================================================

Of course, downtown traffic was a nightmare and it took me forever to find a parking space. Eventually after what seemed like an eternity, I finally found one within walking distance of the Cafe. There were a few groups of people that were conversing outside of the Cafe as I walked in. I was expecting to see Alli waiting for me in the lobby, but she was nowhere to be seen. This made me raise an eyebrow, and I walked up to the hostess at the podium. She a cute girl in what looked like her mid-twenties. She was wearing a tight black minidress that pretty much left little to the imagination. As I approached her, she turned her head and smiled at me. 

"Yes sir, how may I help you?" she asked.

"Ah yes ma'am. I was just wondering, did a woman named Allison come in here and get a table for us? She was supposed to meet me here, but I don't see her anywhere," I said.

The hostess turned to her tablet and was tapping away. "I'm sorry sir, but there's no one here by that name that reserved a table. Are you sure that it wasn't for tomorrow or perhaps another day?"

Hmpf. Figures that I would get stood up. "Um, no ma'am. It was for tonight. Well, do you mind if I hang around and wait to see if she shows up?" I asked.

The hostess shook her head and replied, "No sir. That's perfectly fine." She had a look on her face that said "poor pathetic sap".

I turned around and walked out of the restaurant and waited outside amongst all of the other people. There was a little more of a nip in the air than earlier that caused me to flip up the collar of my outer coat. But, I didn't want to miss the chance of seeing Alli and her thinking I never showed up. I pulled my phone out and began to play a game. I would've called her, but I didn't want to seem needy or pushy. 

After about ten minutes, I had already won two games of Solitaire. I looked at the clock on the phone. She's not coming. I put my phone in my pocket and was about to head back to my car when I looked up and saw Alli walking towards me. A big smile ran across my face as our eyes met. I think it may have just been me, but I think I saw her pace quicken as she got closer to me. 

"Heyyy!" she squealed as she approached me.

"Hey, you!" I responded as I instinctively reached out to hug her, which she happily accepted. As we embraced, I could tell that she had put on a little weight since the last time I saw her. She wasn't fat, more like...curvy. Her breasts squished up against my chest as she hugged me tighter, which made my cock stir in my pants, and I broke the hug to avoid any embarrassment. She backed up a little bit and allowed me to get a good look at her. Her long brown hair had curled at the ends, with a half-bang that swept across one side of her face. Her smoky eyeshadow and dark eyeliner accentuated her light red lipstick and mascara very well. Damn, she's flawless! "I was beginning to wonder where you were. I figured you would be here first, since you know, you always were," I laughed.

Sweeping some hair out of her face, she replied, "Yeah, I know. I'm sorry. Traffic is getting crazy. I guess there's supposed to be some bad storm that moving in. But I didn't care, I really wanted to see you."

I smiled and said, "I'm really glad you did. Well hey, c'mon, let's get out of this cold, eh?"

Holding the door open, Alli walked in as I followed her. We strolled up to the hostess, who looked up and smiled. "Oh good! She came," she exclaimed. Then turning to Alli, she said, "He came in here earlier looking for you. Well anyway, do you have a reservation?"

"Ah yes, It's under Alli Turner," Alli answered.

The hostess went back to tapping away at her tablet. "Oh yes, here you are! We're going to sit you two over by..."

"Wait, wait!" I interrupted. "A while ago, you said there wasn't any reservation. What gives?"

The hostess tried to hold back a chuckle. "Well sir, we have a lot people that try to sneak into a standing reservation. You asked for Allison, not a Alli."

With that, the hostess grabbed up the menus and motioned for us to follow her to our table. As we did so, Alli turned to me and jokingly argued, "Allison? Really? Since when have you really ever called me by my full name?"

I threw my hands up and contested, "Well, I didn't know! I didn't even know that you had even made a reservation!"

Alli laughed and said, "Wow, it really has been a long time hasn't it? Who was it that always made sure that our plans were all set to go?"

I hung my head and muttered, "You."

Alli smiled and said, "Uh huh. That's right."

By that time, we had reached our table. The hostess set the menus down on the lavishly decorated table, then left saying that our waiter would be here to take our drink orders soon. "Here, let me take your coat," I said and moved behind Alli to take the winter coat from off of her shoulders. As I slid the coat off of her, I could see that she was wearing a tight fitting evening dress that was low cut in the back. I was then greeted with the view of her shapely ass that fit the dress quite well. She wore black, high-heeled shoes that made it even more present. As I soaked in the view of this angel before my eyes, I could feel my cock begin to stir again, I hung her coat up on the rack behind our table.

I pulled her chair out for her, and as she sat down, she looked up at me with those big beautiful green eyes and said, "Why thank you, sir."

I smiled and went over to my seat and sat down. I wasn't expecting to see when I looked back up at her. With the extra weight that she had gained, her breasts had nearly doubled in size, If I had to guess, I'd say she was in the high DD's. She was practically spilling out of her dress! The dress was also low cut in the front, which allowed an ample amount of cleavage to peek out. I looked up in just enough time and missed her catching me staring at her gorgeous globes. "Well, this brings back memories," I said.

Alli nervously chuckled and said, "Yeah it does." She looked at me long and hard, and then rested her hands in front of her on the table. "I can't believe I'm here with you right now."

"I know, it's been a while, huh?" I said.

"Yeah, it has. Way too long," Alli expressed. She had a hint of remorse behind her voice.

There was a brief moment of silence, but thankfully the waiter finally appeared to break the awkwardness. While Alli ordered a glass of Merlot, I ordered a Jack and Coke. It wasn't fancy, but I felt like I was going to need something a little stronger than wine to get me through this awkward encounter. The waiter then left to get our drinks put in, leaving us in our awkward silence. After exchanging a few nervous glances, I patted my knee and said, "So Alli? What have you been up to since we...you know," I asked, trying to avoid bringing up the sore breakup subject.

"Well, I moved to Nebraska to be close to my family and got a job as a secretary while I was there. It was for this big insurance firm, so you know I filed all the paperwork, took claims..." Alli thought she was boring me, but I was too busy staring at this beautiful woman that I shared so many experiences with. "Anyway, you know what the crazy thing is? I wasn't happy, but I decided to stay there for three damn years. I was depressed, and I thought being around family would make it better, but they actually kind of just made it worse. Always talking about how I needed to get over you and find someone else..."

I chuckled and said, "Yeah, your folks never did like me too much did they?"

The waiter came back with our drinks and set them down in front of us

"Ha ha, no they did not. So pretty much last month, I decided to come back here with what I had saved up. I missed this place, and I missed..." Alli stared more into my eyes with a smile. "You."

A fire swelled in my heart. "Alli, if you missed me so much, how come you never called? I would've settled for an e-mail at least!" I exclaimed, albeit a little louder than I meant to.

"I was scared, okay!? After what had happened, I just knew that you wouldn't want to hear anything from me," Alli said. She began to choke and tear up, and without thinking, reached out and placed my hand on top of hers - my ring hand. At first she smiled, feeling my skin on hers, but then she looked down and saw the ring. Slowly, she withdrew her hand. "Oh, you're married?!" she asked with a bit of hurt in her voice.

Realizing what had just happened, I clenched my fist and brought it back to me. "Yeah," was the only thing I could say. I quickly chugged down my Jack and Coke.

"Tim, if you're married, you shouldn't be here with me," Alli responded in a cold tone. She moved to get up, but I quickly reached out and took hold of her hand.

"I'm not happy, Alli!" I blurted out, letting it all out. She stopped and turned back towards me. "Alli, I'm not happy at all. Please don't leave me. I need you here, please." I let out all of my feelings. The other people that were around us turned to stare and gawk, but at that point, I didn't care.

I saw Alli's face soften as I pleaded. I was still holding her hand, and she placed her other on top of mine. At that moment, her entire countenance changed. "Tim, what do you mean you're not happy?"

Dipping my head, I decided that there was no turning back. "Alli, we've only been married for about three years. I'll admit, things were good when we first got together, but now it feels like we're even more strangers than before we met. She's always working, despite me practically begging her to shift her schedule around so we can have more time together. We hardly even speak...I'm...I'm just done."

"Oh, Tim..."

"You know what's crazy?

"Hmm?" Alli said as she began to caress my hand with her thumb.

"I've never forgotten you. Hell, I think about you every day."

The biggest smile appeared across Alli's face. "Tim...oh my god," she said as she chuckled and a single tear rolled down her cheek. "I think about you all the time, too."

"Then why did you call me like that and break it off with me? Without any reason at that?" I asked in a low voice.

Alli wiped the tear from her cheek, then returned to rubbing my hand with her thumb, while gently squeezing it. "Tim, I really want to say how sorry I am for that. You have no idea how shitty I felt after I did that. I couldn't get over it, or you for that matter. My parents got into my head, and said that you weren't 'marriage material'. God, can you believe that!?" she said. I just stated quiet as she wiped a couple more tears away. "Anyway, I was so depressed after that. I got put on all sorts of pills, did all sorts of counseling, and sat in all kinds of therapy sessions. But because my parents were still saying that I deserved better, that's why I never called. I ended up dating a couple of guys trying to appease them, but I ended up just pushing them away after only a couple months."

Curious, I asked, "Why?"

Alli looked longingly into my eyes and responded, "Because they weren't you." My heart skipped a beat after she said that. "Well finally, I had enough of it. I started making plans to come back here in like, March or something."

"When did you get back exactly?" I asked.

"I actually didn't get back until about October, so yeah."

I gently squeezed her hand and said, "You know you could've called me, right?"

"I was scared to. I didn't know what would happen if I did. But finally, I decided to let fate lay the cards where they may, so to speak, and then I called you," Alli said as she smiled. God I love her smile.

I was about to say something when all of a sudden my phone rang. I took it out of my pocket and looked at it - it was her. I scrunched my face in disgust. After learning how everything transpired between Alli and I, my wife was the last person I wanted to speak to. "Hey, I'll be right back. I gotta take this."

"Is it your wife?" she asked. When I nodded, she cutely said "Nooo."

"I'll be right back, I promise," I said and got up from the table and went outside. Sliding my wife's number, I called her back. "Hey...hun...you called?"

"Yeah I did. Is it snowing over by you yet?" she asked. There was almost no emotion in her voice.

"Uh, no. Not really, why?"

"Oh. It's snowing pretty bad over here. It's supposed to be really bad, so they're making everyone that works overnight stay here at the hospital."

Not really caring, I still asked, "Why?"

"Well they have cots and stuff set up for us to sleep on, and they're afraid that the roads are going to get too bad for the day people to make their shifts. So all the overnight people have to stay here and work the day shift, get some sleep, then work the night. So I won't be home probably for like two days or so, depending on the weather."

"Damn, that sucks," I said curtly.

"Eh, it is what it is. It'll help my career out when I show up all these other bitches and how things are supposed to be done. But anyway, I gotta go. Bye." Click.

This was a dream come true! My wife was stuck at a hospital that was an hour away for two days, and Alli was in the restaurant waiting for me! But at the same time, I didn't know how fast the winter storm was moving, and I didn't want our night to be ruined. Placing my phone back in my pocket, I walked back into the restaurant and sat in my seat across from Alli. Almost immediately, the waiter came by and was going to take our orders, but I turned him away, saying that we were just going to pay for the drinks and then go. The waiter gave me a confused look, but then turned away to get our check.
