 I dialed Nolan's number again while I pulled into his driveway behind the little green Alero his parents gave him last year for graduation. It rang once and went straight to voicemail...odd.

I unlocked the front door using the key he had given me and made my way down the hall to his room. I'd been about to yell his name and figure out where he was when I heard laughter...not just any laughter though. It was the high pitched giggle of a girl, there was a thump and the springs on the bed squeaked. At this point my mind had put two and two together, I didn't hesitate, I stormed into his room throwing the door wide open so that it smacked against the wall. 

I thought I was prepared to see this, but I wasn't. Nolan had one hand up the girl's shirt and the other undid his belt buckle. They were trying to eat each other's faces and didn't seem to notice my presence.

"I should've fucking known," I shook my head. 

"Spence it's not what it looks like!" Nolan said finally noticing me and backing away from the girl like her snatch was on fire.

"Nolan really I'm not fucking stupid," I growled flipping my long dark hair over my shoulder and crossing my arms. 

"Baby please, she doesn't mean anything to me." Nolan tried to pull me into his arms, but I slapped his hands away.

"Hey!" the dumb bimbo whined. 

"Shut the fuck up," I snarled at her.

"Spence please baby," Nolan begged. 

"Nolan we are so fucking done, you have fun getting HPV from your new slut. Have a nice life fucker," I said turning on my heel and stomping out of the house. When I got outside I took his key off my key ring and tossed it as far as I could in a random direction. I got in my car and fled like a bat out of hell with tears threatening to spill. 

___The List_____

"Do I have permission to chop his balls off?" Leah asked batting her eyelashes at me. 

"Ah I wanted to do that!" Carrie pouted.

"You guys can each cut a nut and I'll mangle the tic tac he mistakes for a dick," Amy said in a serious tone. 

I laughed rubbing at my red swollen eyes and my tear streaked face. About half way home I started sobbing uncontrollably, I called Leah and she organized a girls night at my house. We'd all been lounging around in my bean bag chairs trash talking he who must not be named. 

"You can do so much better than him," Leah said, "like seriously he isn't even that cute, you on the other hand are a major babe."

"Leah now is not the time to hit on me I just got out of a relationship," I tried to joke, but my heart wasn't in it. 

"Hardy har har," Leah rolled her eyes. 

"Actually Spence I think that's exactly what you need," Carrie said a thoughtful look on her face.

"To get with Leah?" I furrowed my brows.

"No smart ass you need to get with someone new... a lot of someone's. I'm not saying fuck every guy you meet, but you need to flirt, make out or do something to get over that douche fuck Nolan," Carrie explained. 

"That's not a bad idea, you were stuck with that fucker since high school you need to get some wildness out of you and there are a plethora of hotties at school," Amy said excitedly. 

"Plus Nolan would be fucking pissed if you fucked any of his friends," Leah added. 

The thought made me smile, sticking it to Nolan would definitely make me feel better. 

"I just really don't want to get into a new relationship," I sighed. 

"Sweet heart we never said relationship, I think you should have some steamy make out sessions and possibly some toe curling sex to get you back on the horse and over that fuck nut," Carrie assured me. 

"We should make a list of guys you have to do one of the three F's to," Amy giggled. 

"Oh and what are the three F's?" I asked rolling my eyes. 

"Flirt, French, or Fuck," Amy informed me. Carrie got up and grabbed a piece of paper and a pen off my desk before coming and sitting back down with us. 

"Who should we sick Spence on first?" Carrie waggled her eyebrows. 

"Zach Perkins," Leah smirked devilishly. Zach was Nolan's best friend, but he'd always had kind of a crush on me and getting with Zach would definitely piss Nolan off. Zach had short light brown hair, a defined strong square jaw and gorgeous hazel eyes, he towered over me in height and was very muscular from baseball. 

"Fucking genius," Carrie said writing his name down as number one. 

"Aiden Marks," Amy said without hesitation.

Aiden was the captain of the university basketball team. He was about 6'1'', with dirty blonde hair, a rectangular jaw and really pretty brown eyes... and his body, well let's just say that boy was in really good shape. We talked once in a while and he was a real sweet heart, he also had a great sense of humor. 

Carrie added his name to the list and then made a suggestion of her own. 

"Asher Adams," she grinned. 

We'd all admired Asher he looked like a greek god standing at 6'4'' with his chiseled handsome looks. He had dark hair and olive green eyes, deep tanned skin, occasional light stubble and a muscular body that made every girl on campus wet just looking at him. Asher was a notorious player so he wouldn't be much of a challenge to get with, but damn would he be fun. 

"Oh you should add the foreign exchange student... Alexei Mikhailov," Leah said and laughed as she attempted to say his name in a Russian accent. Alexei who just went by Alec was absolutely gorgeous. He had wheat blonde hair that he wore short and buzzed, his eyes were a unique grey-blue color, and his lips were full and almost pouty. He had a angular jaw, straight nose, and light flawless skin with tattoos covering all of his arms and possibly other places as well. He was at most six foot, but just like the other boys he would tower over me. 

"Oh we should totally add the Crain twins!" Carrie said quickly writing their names down. 

Landon and Lachlan Crain were an extremely attractive set of twins with dark chocolate eyes, dirty blonde hair, and sun kissed California skin. They played for the university soccer team and were in extremely good shape because of it. They were a dynamic duo that scored a lot on and off the field. I'd never really talked to either of them, but they were Nolan's frat brothers so it'd definitely be a good revenge to get with them. 

"Alright you guys get one more, I don't need any STD's," I said in a joking tone even though I was dead serious. 

"Hunter Franklin," Leah said after everyone was silent for a moment. Hunter was friends with my cousin Danny so we had known each other since we were like five at least. I hadn't gone to the same high school as Hunter and Danny, but we'd all chosen the same college. I was pretty close with Danny and considered Hunter a very good friend... getting involved with him would be too weird. I mean sure Hunter was hot with naturally jet black hair, light brown eyes, golden tanned skin, and angular model features, but it would be too weird. 

"Not Hunter, he's like a brother," I attempted to veto. 

"Hunter is fucking hot just do it you pussy," Carrie stuck her tongue out at me. 

"Fine, but I'm not fucking him," I conceded. 

"That's fine, but you have to do one of the three F's with each guy," Amy said. 

"And if I don't?" I asked. 

"Then we will embarrass the shit out of you with whatever horrifying pictures we have of you... and trust me there are plenty," Leah smirked. 

I narrowed my eyes at them, "fine you ass hats, I accept the challenge."

_____Zach Perkins______

"Oh shit there's Zach," Leah squeaked. We had just got out of our art history lecture and were walking down the hall when she spotted him. 

"Fuck my life, how do I look?" I asked her. The girls had decided I needed to dress up all this week and I had begrudgingly agreed. I was wearing a white deep v neck crochet cross back dress that showed off my large breasts and toned back. I had pulled my dark curly hair into a high pony tail and applied some natural looking makeup with a light pink lip stick. 

"I would fuck you," she grinned and nudged me in Zach's direction. 

"Hey Zach!" I smiled greeting him. 

"Hey Spencer, how are you?" he smiled back sympathetically. 

"Oh do not give me that look," I rolled my eyes with a sigh, "he's a douche I'm over it." 

"Spence I've known you a long time, I know when you're trying to be tough," he said pulling me into a hug. 

"Honestly Zach, I'm doing fine... things with Nolan and I were over long before he cheated, that was just the final straw," I said honestly as I snuggled into his embrace. 

"Well I think he's a fucking dip shit just so you know," Zach laughed as he released me. 

"He is, but I'm happy we're over... I haven't been single in so long and I need to have some damn fun finally," I trailed my fingers up his arm and lightly squeezed his bicep. 

"Oh some fun huh?" Zach smirked down at me. 

"I've been with the same jack ass for four years Zach... I need a change," I bit my lip. 

"What are you doing later?" he asked. 

"Well I have a couple more classes and then I was thinking of going for a run, I need a stretching partner if you're interested," I said stepping just a little bit closer to him. Our bodies were lightly pressed against each other and I could feel a stirring of his reaction against my stomach.

"Well we wouldn't want you to pull anything," he grinned. 

"So are you in?" I ran my fingers from his lower abdomen to his pecks and let my hand rest over his heart. 

"Yeah... just text me when you're on your way home and I'll meet you there," he said after a moments hesitation. 

"See you then," I winked and sauntered away swaying my hips as I went. 

Leah caught up to me when I rounded the corner and I nearly collapsed in a fit of giggles. 

"Oh my god you were fantastic, I mean fuck even I wanted to do you!" Leah applauded me.

"I was so nervous oh my gosh I'm still shaking," I said and took a deep breath.

"Well you did awesome I am very proud of you," Leah praised high fiving me.

When I got home I changed into a Victoria's Secret black and red sports bra with a zipper down the front and short spandex shorts. My outfit left little to the imagination which was the point I guess, but I definitely felt a little more exposed than I was usually comfortable with. When Zach texted me he was outside I unzipped the sports bra just a little bit more for some extra cleavage and then skipped out the door. 

"Hey!" I greeted him wrapping my arms around his neck in a hug. 

"Someone is energized," he chuckled resting his hands on my bare hips. 

"Just excited to out run your ass," I winked as he released me. 

"Sweet heart I promise I'll have to slow down so you can keep up," he rolled his eyes. 

"Hmm so you have a good stamina?" I teased. 

"Very good," he smirked. 

"Good," I grinned, "want to come inside real quick for some water before we go?"

"Sure," he said following me inside where we took off our shoes and headed to the kitchen.

"This run is going to be brutal, it's so hot today," I sighed as I grabbed two water bottles from the fridge. 

"Well is there any other way you'd rather work up a sweat?" Zach asked eyeing my chest.

I trailed my fingers along my cleavage and bit my lip, "I might have an idea." 

My fingers moved to the zipper of my sports bra, tugging it down just a little more. 

"I think we might have the same idea," Zach whispered. His fingers replaced mine and tugged the zipper the rest of the way down. I pushed the bra off my shoulders and stood there almost completely naked staring up into his eyes. 

Zach pressed me up against the fridge as he began kissing me and letting his hands roam over my body. His spicy orange sent enveloped me and I felt butterflies in my stomach as he explored my body. 

I started pulling his shirt over his head as his fingers grasped the waist band of my shorts and began tugging them down. I let my shorts fall to the floor along with his shirt and began undoing the tie of his shorts. Two of his fingers slid inside me without warning and I gasped in surprise and pleasure. 

"Zach I need you right now," I moaned wrapping my leg around his hip. Together we pushed his shorts and boxers off and he pressed his throbbing hard cock against my dripping sex. 

"Are you sure?" he questioned his eyes pleading for me to say yes. 

"Yes," I growled raking my finger nails down his back and thrusting my hips against his. 

He grunted and grabbed my ass lifting me up and wrapping both my legs around him as he entered me. I gripped the fridge door above me and met his thrusts with my own. 

"You feel so damn good," he murmured in my ear as he fucked me. He kissed from my ear, to my collarbone, and to my chest before biting down hard on my right nipple. 

"Uhhh Ohhh yes!" I moaned in pure ecstasy. I was dripping wet as my orgasm neared and I could barely hang on much longer. 

His lips grazed the now tender flesh in a delicate kiss and his tongue circled my nipple. I whimpered as I felt one of his fingers slide inside my ass as he pounded my pussy. My legs began trembling as I came drenching his cock and my thighs. 

Zach kept thrusting inside me harder and faster during and after my orgasm and I cried out from the sensation. 

"Cum for me again baby, make that pussy squeeze my cock," Zach growled as a second finger entered my anus.

"Oh fuck harder Zach harder," I urged. I was completely impaled on Zach, his cock pumping deep inside me. I nearly blacked out from the euphoric feeling that over took my body as he ravished me. I'd never been fucked like this before and my body shook as he brought to yet another orgasm. 

I squeezed my thighs around him as I came and when I finished Zach pushed into me one last time before pulling out and spraying his load on my stomach. Zach held me for a moment longer before setting me down on my feet. I nearly collapsed as my legs gave out, but Zach caught me. 

"I have wanted to do that for years," he chuckled caressing my face as he pulled me into a tender kiss. 

"Well I'm glad we finally did," I laughed. Nolan had never pleasured me like that and I had no idea sex could be this damn good. I thought this would be a one time thing with Zach, but now I really didn't want it to be. 

"Good workout huh?" he smirked. 

"Very." 

We stood there and kissed some more until we decided to gather up our clothes and head up to my room. My roommates would be home soon and I definitely didn't want to be caught in the kitchen.