 I walk to you and stop just close enough to you that I can smell your perfume. Without touching you I lean over slightly and I extend myself closer to your neck. I gently brush your hair away from your neck and behind your ear with my right hand. I take a step closer so that our bodies are just touching. I can feel you breath. I place my left hand on your hip just above your belt where your blouse enters your pants. Your eyes are level with mine. Our lips are also perfectly placed; for a long deep kiss...

I am nervous and my heart is beating fairly hard. My breathing is similar. I see you have noticed by the way you peer at my chest. I look further into your eyes because I want to see how you see me. I will know myself through you. I know you want to be closer to me. So I take a slight step still closer so that our bodies are pressed against each other. I can feel your warmth and your heart beat against my chest. I lower my head to your neck and I inhale through my nose to capture your perfume. It is flirtations by Victoria’s Secret. You welcome my curiosity by offering me your wrists. 

I smell your wrists and I then kiss your hand. You blush a bit. You are a bit girlish and shy. I slightly allow my cheek to brush against your neck and I take a deep breath. I am familiarizing myself with your scent. I feel excited and enticed by you as you stand with me and allow me to get closer to you. 

I then bring my face to yours. You look into my eyes. My pupils are dilated as are yours. I notice your lips are slightly engorged in anticipation. I must indulge your lips and mine with a kiss. I watch you as my lips close upon yours until they touch. My eyes close and I feel your soft red lips press against mine as we gently explore the sensations of our first kiss. It is slow and curious. I take your top lip between my lips and softly pinch. I do the same with the lower allowing you to pinch my upper lip between yours. Our lips open a bit as we move closer for a deeper kiss. 

It is now your hands touch my body for the first time. Your right hand seeks the back of my neck and your left hand is strategically placed over my heart. I am startled by your taking my pulse as you kiss me. I feel vulnerable. You are feeling my heart thump harder as you kiss me. Now you will know how much you excite me and that I am insatiable. 

My right hand moves down below and feels your curves from below and up to your shoulders and eventually rests on your hip so I can pull you closer to me. Your smell is now all around me. I feel your warmth. I feel your heart beat. Your mouth opens more so as to invite me to explore your tongue. The movement is slow at first and is as if we are just tasting each other with a small lick from the tip of our tongues. Then the pressure deepens still more as our mouths open more and then the movement becomes circular. 

The chemistry is good. We move well together. I want more. I slow and begin to withdraw from the kiss. You follow. I then look into your eyes and I smile at you. You say, “What?” I say nothing but take the top button of your red blouse and separate it. Then the next button and the next until I pull the tail from your pants. Of course I have a look. I must...

You then take my shirt and lift it from the pants and above my head and then toss it carelessly to the floor and chuckle. I then press my body against yours so our skin touches and I feel just how smooth your skin is. The hair on my chest is soft and it tickles you a bit. I kiss your lips as I reach behind you and easily unclasp your bra. Your breasts are soft and pressed against me. I reach to you with my lips again and I kiss you briefly. I then kiss your cheek. I kiss just under your jaw. I offer some pressure here as it is my favorite part of your neck. I explore your neck a bit as I move toward your ear. And as I arrive I whisper your name and I kiss your neck again and and then once more.

Then I begin to whisper to you calmly and slowly just what I am going to do to you in the next hours as I hold you pressed against my body. Your hands are around my back as you feel the strength of my upper body. I can sense your submission to me.

As I whisper to you I unbutton your pants and zipper. I dig my hands into your pants at your hips and press down so that I can feel your hips in detail as your jeans fall to the floor. You step out of your shoes and out of your pant legs. In panty and socks alone I motion you to the bed. I have you sit on the edge of the bed and I spread your legs. 

I move between your legs right against your mound of venus as I place my arms around you and I hug you. My face is level with your breasts. Your surprise is evident but you hug me back. I just needed to feel your embrace. I sit for a moment and savor your scent and skin. I feel the fire between your legs. It is hot and I notice your white panty is a bit moist.

I then move back and take your sock off of each foot. I take your foot in my hand and I can feel the warmth and moisture. I note that your toe nails match your finger nails. Your feet are soft and beautiful. I run my hands across the top and bottom of each foot as I place them on the top of my thighs. I then run my hands upward and grasp your calves. I feel the tone and move higher up your thigh and then to the inside of your thighs. Your legs are spread wider. I then move in and gently kiss your left knee and move my way toward your womanhood with each kiss. As I approach I take a deeper kiss until eventually my lips open and my tongue slips out and I lick slightly your skin. I taste your thighs. Then I move my face right against your outer labia and I rub each side of my face and nose against you. I inhale deeply once again so I can know your scent. My heart is pounding within my chest. I then take your panty down and follow it down your beautiful legs and away. 

I then stand before you. I step from my shoes and the socks are off. I then step to you. I say not a word to you. You reach to me and unbutton my jeans and zipper. You pull me closer to you so you can watch closely as my pants fall to the floor. It is clear from the bulge in my boxer-briefs I am excited. You then take a hand at each hip and pull down slowly until my throbbing member practically jumps from it’s cotton veil. You look me over and almost study my manhood. You then take me in your right hand and begin a gentle slow stroking. Your left hand reaches and handles my scrotum. 

You look up at me and into my eyes as I look down into your eyes. I feel your hunger and I wish to be consumed by you. I feel as if I am at your mercy. You are predator and I your prey.

You then drop to your knees. You are handling me and I realize I am your toy. You then pull me to you and slowly bring your lips to me. You then take me in your mouth. You engulf me. I feel your soft lips and wet tongue. The gentle motion has a calming effect on me at first. As I watch you I realize that you are very much enjoying yourself. Your movement is purposeful but varied at times to optimize my pleasure. You suck softly at times and more firmly at others. You lick with the tip of your tongue from the bottom of my scrotum up to the shaft and to the metis and then take me deeply into you moth again and begin the pleasure all over again. 

I am so hard that it almost hurts. You continue your motion and all I can do is allow you to take me. You look up into my eyes as I watch you handle me. You have complete control over me. You can make me cum right now if you want to but you want to teach me something first. You suck hard and allow me to slowly exit your mouth and as I fall from your mouth you stand and put your arms around my neck and you kiss me tilting your head slightly to your right. Our lips connect and we kiss deeply and long. 

After a long long deep kiss you motion me to the bed. You have me lay on my back and then you cover me like a blanket and begin kissing me once more. Your legs are spread over me offering me access to your body but you know I will not enter you. Not yet. You kiss me as I feel your skin and warmth. Your soft lips cover mine and your tongue enters my mouth to meet mine. We vary the speed and depth and pressure with our tongues periodically but the kissing is long and wet. Very long and very wet.

You then lift your body from mine as I watch you with curiosity... You move and place yourself so that you are facing my feet and you position your body so that your face in just over my penis. Your labia are just over my lips.

I am your student... teach me. You take me in your warm moist mouth again and gently slide me in. And as you pleasure me I take my tongue and slowly move it from the top of your outer labia and downward. I stay just on the outer labia careful to not go too deep. But I can taste you and I want more. I press my face a bit closer and taste deeper inside you. Now your nectar is readily available to me and I can not get enough of you. I move my tongue from one side to the other sure to not miss any spot. I take the time to make sure your clit is well cared for. I tease it and massage giving you pleasure. I lick your muff and labia and clit as if I were a busy bee. I taste and lick and savor. I feel a need to press deeply inside you so I do. I push my tongue as deep as I can just because you let me. And then I clean and taste as I retreat from your body. I am wild with passion. I motion for you to come kiss me. You comply.

I want you badly. During the kiss I grab you and role you over onto your back. Your hair slightly covers your face. All I can see is your lips. Your eyes are hidden from me. I start to remove your hair from your eyes but I decide to leave it. Perhaps I might teach you something. It is an interesting parallel of how you wish to hide yourself from me emotionally. So instead I allow you your anonymity. I quietly reach and take a silk scarf from the night stand and I gently cover your eyes. You say nothing but allow the blackness to cover you as deep as the color of the scarf that now hides your eyes. You are veiled and can now only feel me, smell me, hear me, and taste me. I tie no knot in case you would like to see and be seen but I suspect you will remain hidden from sight. I lay on top of you and spread your legs. I feel the warmth of your skin and detail the silky smooth. My cock is touching your labia. I press the tip just hard enough to separate the gentle curtain. 

I cover you completely so you will not become cold. I allow your hands to explore my back and waist and hips as I take your lips. I am not as gentle now. I kiss you more passionately and you taste my mouth. You can feel my pressure upon you. I then stop abruptly just to make you wonder. Your mouth is left wanting more. I then run my left cheek from your lips across your right cheek and I kiss your cheek and open my mouth just enough to lick slightly and taste your skin. My tongue is moist and warm on your cheek. I then whisper in your ear, “I want you and I am going to take you.”

I then move to your neck just allowing my nose to touch your skin gently so I can smell you. And as my lips reach where your jaw and neck meet I bite with my lips and I lick you. I kiss your neck with great care to make sure every inch is tasted. I then move to your shoulders. I note how smooth they are as I kiss them; left and right. Your collar bones are feminine and delicate. They almost look like small handlebars. I can not help myself. I must run my hands across them from one end to the other and from just above your breasts and below you neck to your shoulders. I kiss them as my lips follow from your shoulders to your chest. 

I then move downward toward your breasts. I kiss between them and smell your skin. I can tell you have a drop of perfume between your breasts. I like the smell so I inhale deeply once again. I rub my face across your left breast like a kitten a loved one and press against it. I feel the nipple a bit erect and I allow it to just fit between my lips but I do not taste it. I kiss between your breasts and then around and below and I move inward. I kiss and allow my tongue to escape momentarily to taste. Your left breast is before me proudly displayed for my amusement and gratification. So I gratify myself. I take the nipple between my lips and move my mouth back and forth just allowing my tongue to wet and make cold as I blow slightly. Your nipple becomes erect and I take it in my mouth and suck gently as if through a straw. I then take more in my mouth and offer deep pressure upon your breast as I satisfy my hunger for you. I feel your legs moving a bit for comfort and your left hand lays just behind my head offering guidance. Your right hand moves my face gently to your right nipple where I take it in my mouth and run my tongue across it and circle and suck. 

I move still lower to your stomach and rub my face across it form one side to the other then I kiss it’s entirety. From just below your ribs on each side to just above your hips. I find your navel and I slip my tongue inside surprising you. You jump slightly and I giggle. I kiss your hips...each side to just above your thighs. I find your muff and kiss just once. 

I then sit up and have a good look at your body. It is my buffet. A plethora of sights, tastes, and scents for me to enjoy. I take your left leg and place it on my shoulder just high enough to bend at your knee. Your other leg follows. I like the position I have forced upon you. I look down at you and imagine. I caress each foot and then calf and thigh. Top and bottom. Slowly. I kiss from your ankle and to your calf and knee as I allow your legs to the bed. I spread you wide. I then kiss slowly from your left knee to your inner most thigh and skip over your womanhood and to your right thigh and to the knee. I love the natural smell of your skin. I have a lick to taste. 

I then move inward between your legs. Your hands reach for me and rest on the back of my head as your back arches in preparation for what you are about to receive. I then allow my tongue from the bottom of your labia centered and upward toward your clit. I repeat and again. I can taste your womanhood now and I am becoming drunk with your taste, anticipation, and your scent. I push deeper inside you and bring your nectar to me. I take it in my mouth so I know your taste. I move my tongue upward and further until I begin to circle your clit. I find it erect and ready to be serviced. I tease it slowly at first as I position myself by pressing my face firmly against you and reach around your legs to grasp your breasts. Your hands pull me in just enough as your back arches still more allowing me your breasts as I squeeze. I lick up and down and from side to side and then circle your clit. I can feel your wetness beginning to flow so I clean you with my mouth. Yummy. I am thorough and enjoying you. Your body is tensing up and you are beginning to sweat a bit. You begin to moan now and your body is moving. Your hips begin to move so I try to follow your pace as I pleasure you. I know you are ready for me and I must have you now. I am beyond my own ability to control myself. 

I mount you and position myself just at the entrance of your vagina. Your lips are engorged and wet with anticipation. You want me inside you. My cock just separates your labia enough to slide in but I do not enter you. Instead I place my weight upon you and I kiss your lips as I offer my tongue to you. We kiss passionately and your hands explore my neck and back and hips once more. I stop and look at the veil that hides your face from me. I consider removing it but do not.

I sit up and run my hands across your stomach and breasts as I press my throbbing cock against your labia. The curtain gives way. Just the tip enters at first. I then just push and pull a bit as I spread your labia. They surround me. I then slide up and down as my cock presses against your clit. I feel your wetness increase dramatically. You spread your legs wider and dip your hips in attempt to capture my sword inside your scabbard. It works. 

Just after you lift your hips and allow them to dip I slip inside you. Your breathing instantly changes. Your arms and hands reach for me. You are careful not to allow the blind fold to fall from your eyes as you take me by my hips and pull me deeper inside you. Your legs are spread wide and in the air. You want me so deep. I bring myself to you and lay my weight upon your body. I begin a slow but firm thrust as my volume is now known to you for the first time. You moan a bit as I push upward to get more contact with your clit. I am held within you and kept warm. You feel so good. MMMmmmm. Your soft inner walls seduce me to go deeper. I do. My arms rest on elbow and my hands grab the mattress just above you head. Your hands hold my waist as I thrust myself inside you. I want your hands on me and tell you, “Keep your hands on me." I pump you faster as we both begin to moan more... And then harder. 

I then lift myself from you and lift your legs to my shoulders as I look down at you. This makes your envelope tight around me. I feel you tightly embracing me and challenging me to enter and retreat from your body. There is more friction surrounding my wet cock but your lubrication still welcomes me. You lay there and let me have my way with you.

I take you this way until my arms tire and I need to change position. I then move my arms under your knees and lay almost on top of you pressing your legs almost to your head. I am very deep. You are stretched. I make sure I enter you with the very tip and deliver myself to you all the way down the shaft until I can go no further. I like the sensation of this position because my entire length enters you slowly and you know my contour in detail. You have all of me. 

I then release your legs and they fall down and to the side. I then take your hands and place them above your head. I lock our fingers tightly. I thrust myself inside you harder and harder. Veil in tact, your body jilts as I thrust my volume inside you. You are helpless below me and pinned down. My mouth needs stimulation so I kiss your lips and then your cheeks and neck. I smear my lips against your cheek until I reach your ear. I tell you, “You are mine. You are my possession.” Your body begins to tense and I know you are about to cum. I thrust harder and try to go deeper but it is futile. 

Our bodies are pressed against each other wet with sweat and hot with passion. Your breathing is hard and you are moaning louder. I hear you. “Ohhh Tim, oh Tim, oh Tim. Uhhh Uuhh Uhh... UUUUUUUHHHHHHHHH." Your body stiffens and tenses until you freeze. Your mouth opens and I cover your mouth with mine. You must kiss me. I breath your air and you mine as I release you from my kiss. I then take the veil from your eyes so you must see who makes you cum. Frozen... a moment passes... motionless. 

Now you will watch me cum. I still pin you down. I thrust hard and harder as I finish. Your body accepts me with complete abandon and you must look into my eyes as I gaze into yours. I can feel the eruption beginning. I tell you close to your ear, “I am going to cum inside you." You try to free your hands but I wont allow it. Instead I pump harder and harder. My lips are just touching yours as I violently express my hunger. My body is tensing and feel my cock stiffen even more as the elixir runs through me and outward. It gets closer and closer as does the numbing feeling. It is delivered to you in an explosion. I feel it explode inside you in bursts. I moan with each wave that comes over me. I am lost within you. I have lost boundary. I am engulfed by your beauty, smell, taste, feel, and submission to me. 

"UUUHHHH, UUUUHHHH UUUHHHH." I release your hands and you mimediately reach for me. Your left hand on the nape of my neck and the right on the small of my back. I am held this way as you look into my eyes. This time you whisper in my ear, “Give it to me Tim. I want your cum. I want it all.” So you hold me this way and breath just in my ear and thrust your hips at me so that the inner walls of your vagina rubs firmly against the bottom of my cock and mimicking a vacuum that is lapping up any drop available. You then look into my eyes and tell me, "You are mine Tim." 
