 Disclaimer: This is a work of fiction based on a true event. The names have been changed to protect those involved. This writer does not encourage cheating IRL as this is only a work of fiction. Any resemblance to those living or dead is purely coincidental, as well as the names of places. This story has a lot of plot to it. If you're not in it for the plot, this is not the story for you. If you are, however, please enjoy and don't forget to comment below! All characters are 18 years old and above. Happy Reading! 

====================

Tim and Alli reconnect with each other after so many years apart.

While I followed Alli back to her house, my mind was awash with all sorts of thoughts. I knew that what I was doing was wrong, but at the same time I really didn't care. The thought of spending time with someone that actually wanted to do the same filled me with happiness. Even though I'm married, I've been lonely for the better part of a year and a half. I was hoping tonight was going to change all that for me.

As we continued on our way, I could now see why she was a little late. For some reason I had it in my head that she lived in the city, but she lived about ten miles away in the suburbs. After a few turns, we turned into a neighborhood filled with very nice homes. Almost instantly I felt small when we pulled into the driveway of a large two story house. As I put my truck into park, snow began to fall. I didn't know it at the time, but that first snowflake that hit the ground sealed my destiny for what was going to happen that night. Getting out of the truck, I quickly walked up to Alli's car and opened the door for her. "Thank you," she said and smiled. Reaching over, she grabbed her purse and the got out, closing the car door behind her. "Holy shit! Did it get colder since we left the restaurant?" she exclaimed.

"Yeah I think it did. C'mon, let's get inside before we freeze to death!" I joked. We hurried across the stone pathway from the driveway to the front porch. She quickly got out her keys from her purse and put the house key in the lock and turned it. Opening the door, we were immediately greeted with the warmth of mankind's greatest invention; central heating and air. We stepped inside and I closed the door behind us, and immediately a shiver ran up my spine. God, it was cold out there. 

Alli put her purse on a small table that was next door. I walked with her down a short hallway and into the living room. "Hey, uh, make yourself at home. The remote for the TV is on the coffee table if you wanna get that goin' for us. You do know how to work the cable, right?" she jokingly asked.

I smiled and replied, "Yes, I'm pretty sure that I can figure it out."

She laughed and said, "Okay, just checking. I'm gonna get changed, so I'll be back in a bit. Just get comfy." With that, she turned and headed up the stairs. 

My heart was jumping around like crazy. I didn't know exactly how tonight was going to pan out, but I was just gonna let things roll on as they would. I took off my suit coat and laid it across one of the recliners and walked over to the coffee table and grabbed up the remote. I turned the TV on, and scrolled through what was playing tonight. I found a romantic movie, and in my mind I thought that that was the most appropriate thing I could find. Setting the remote down, I looked around the rest of the living room, and noticed that she had a rather large fireplace in the corner next to her entertainment center. Since it was getting colder, I decided it wouldn't hurt to light a fire. Thankfully, there was a large amount of logs in the rack next to the fireplace. Looking around, I found a box of tissues on an end-table next to a chair and used a few of those for the kindling. After getting a good burn going, I threw a couple of logs on the flames and opened up the flume. I knelt down and started to blow on the flames a little to get the logs to catch. As I was blowing on the flames, heard someone clear their throat near me. I looked up and saw Alli standing over me with a smile on her face and hands on her hips. Those beautiful hips...

She was wearing a black nighty with pink lace around the edges, and from what I could see, nothing else. I slowly stood up and took in the sight that was before me. The bottom of the nighty stopped just short of the middle of her thick thighs. The chest was cut quite low, and gave me a view of her ample cleavage. I could tell that she wasn't wearing a bra, and even though her tits had nearly doubled in size since the last time we were together, they didn't sag. They were still nice and perky (before you ask, yes they were natural). As I took one last look, I could see her nipples clearly poking out through the fabric. "Wow, Alli... you look great!"

Alli spun around in a circle, causing the bottom of her nighty to flow upwards, and I could just make out the frilly pink panties she had on. "You like? I haven't worn this thing in so long that I thought I'd give it a try tonight. Does it look okay?"

My heart, as well as my cock, began to throb. "You...look fucking gorgeous!" I exclaimed.

"Aww babe," she said as she smiled and started to blush. She moved closer and wrapped her arms around me. At just a little over five feet tall, she was a tad shorter than me, so I rested my cheek on her head as we embraced. She then broke the hug and moved back a little bit and looked me over. She pointed her finger at me and said, "And I thought I told you to get comfy." She poked her bottom lip out and began to fake pout.

I stretched my arms out and replied, "Eh, I'm pretty comfy." Alli put her hands on her hip and stared into my eyes. "I'm a little comfy?" She started patting her bare foot on the floor and crossed her arms. I knew she wasn't going to let me off easily. By now, my cock and become so hard that it was straining against the zipper of my pants. If I took off my pants, there's no way that she would've been able to not see it staring back at her. Not that she probably couldn't see it already. "Look, I didn't bring anything to change into!" I said with a laugh.

Alli moved in close and pushed herself against me, making sure to squish her tits against me. Running a finger across my chest, she quietly said, "Who said that you had to change into anything at all?" She then leaned up on her tip toes and pressed her lips firmly against mine. We stood there for what seemed like forever exploring each others' mouths with our tongues. I ran my hands down her bare arms, and relished in the feeling of her smooth, warm skin. She then broke away from our kiss and went over to the couch, patting the seat next to her. God, this girl is teasing me!

"Fine, if it'll make you happy!" I joked. I unbuttoned my shirt and took it off and untucked my white undershirt. Flipping off my shoes, I looked over to her and saw the satisfied look in her eyes. I walked over and sat down next to her on the couch. Almost immediately, she shifted herself over and cuddled up close to me, laying her head on my chest. Hesitantly at first, I laid my arm across her stomach and pulled her in a little closer; just like we had done all those years ago. 

By the time we had got settled, the movie had come back on after a commercial break. Alli looked up at me and said, "Really now. A romance movie?"

I smiled and shrugged my shoulders. "It was the only thing I could find."

Alli smirked and muttered, "Mmhmm," and laid her head back down onto my chest. During most of the movie, we hardly said a word to each other. We just caressed and held each other, enjoying the others' company. Occasionally, Alli would move her hand and brush it against my cock, claiming it was an accident. In response, I would move my arm and brush against her tits. Alli just giggled and shifted closer to me. 

The movie had been on for about an hour when I had to get up to use the bathroom. As I got up, Alli grabbed at my hand, exclaiming, "Nooo." Assuring her that I would be right back, she finally showed me where her bathroom was. As I looked back at her, I watched as she stretched out on the couch. Her nighty rode up against her legs and I could see all of what she had to offer. Those panties looked so sexy on her, although I was sure I'd enjoy what was underneath as well. After I had done my business and returned out of the bathroom, I walked over to a nearby window to check on the weather situation. Apparently, we had gotten lost in time. The snow was coming down in full force now, and had already covered the street and ground in a very thick blanket.

"Oh, shit!" I exclaimed and began to gather up my clothes. As I was putting my shirt back on, Alli jumped up off the couch and hurried over to me.

"Wait, where are you going?" she asked.

"It's getting really bad out there. If I'm gonna make it home, I gotta leave now," I said and went to go grab my shoes.

At first, Alli said nothing and just watched me. However, as soon as I got both of my shoes on and was about to put my coat on, she ran over and grabbed me, pulling me close to her. "Please don't leave!" she cried out. 

"What do you mean?" I asked. I looked at her and all I could see were tears welling up in her eyes.

"I can't lose you again. I just CAN'T!" she yelled hysterically.

"Whoa, whoa, whoa. Calm down, Alli. Here, sit down," I said and took her over to the couch, where she immediately dug her face into my chest and started to weep, clutching at my shirt. "What are you talking about? Please stop crying."

Alli sobbed for few more times, then looked up at me. "Tim, I fucking LOVE YOU! I always have. And now that you're here with me, I don't want you to go. I need you!" she exclaimed.

When she said that, she had so much meaning behind her words and eyes that it made my heart melt. I wrapped my arms around her and brought her in close. I then said, "Alli...I've never stopped loving you either. But when you broke it off with me, I thought I'd never see you again. If I had known that we'd be together like this tonight, I would have waited however long it took to be with you again." I backed away and wiped the smeared makeup from her face.

Alli smiled and said, "Well, what are you going to do about your wife?"

Without saying a word, I plunged into Alli's lips, kissing her with the mad passion that I held in for so long. Immediately, we were laying across the couch, our tongues dancing around in each others' mouths, and rubbing and touching each other. As we kissed, she practically ripped my shirt off and tossed it onto the floor. Breaking the kiss, I stood up and took my undershirt off. Alli sat up and ran her fingers across my toned abs, biting her lower lip. She then stood up, took my hand and guided me upstairs to her bedroom without saying a word. The second we were in her room, we quickly resumed what we had started downstairs in the living room. We wildly kissed each other as I started stripping my shoes, pants, and socks off. I then took her nighty and slowly brought it over her head and tossed it aside. She backed up and sat on the bed, allowing me to gawk at her sexiness and beauty.

As she was breathing hard from the passion, her big round tits heaved with each breath. Her long brown hair cascaded around her shoulders, while she looked at me with a smile. God, she's more amazing that I had imagined. Gaining extra weight was the best thing that she could've done. She then leaned back on her elbows, and started lifting her hips up off the bed. Taking the hint, I went over and reached down to slowly and seductively take her panties off. As I slid them off of her hips, I could see that she had already made a stain on the crotch. Her pussy lips were moist with her juices, and it looked so goddamn sexy. She was still bald down there, just like before. No sooner had I gotten her panties off, she used her toes to quickly slide my boxers off of me. She did it with such speed, that it caused my thick eight inch member to spring up and hit my stomach making a slapping sound. She sat and watched it for some time, biting her lip and making cooing noises.

Alli motioned for me come over to her and said, "Tim, I'm all yours. I want you to make me your slut. All the time that we were apart? I want you to give me all of that tonight." As if seeing this beautiful girl lying naked on the bed wasn't enough, hearing her say that was all the inspiration I needed. I pulled her closer to the edge of the bed and lifted her legs onto my shoulders. I began kissing her on her inner thighs, caressing and rubbing her stomach. I could smell her sweet aroma as I got closer to her slit. As I took a moment to take her in, she grabbed at my hair and cried out, "Please taste me! Eat your little slut's pussy!"

I spread her glistening lips and dove my tongue into her. Alli bucked her hips from the sudden invasion and giggled as I hungrily feasted on her snatch. She took my hands off of her hips and placed them on her tits. I immediately began to squeeze and knead her globes, taking breaks to gently pinch her hard nipples. Every time I did, she would gasp out. As I continued to tongue fuck her pussy, I could feel her juices flowing out of her and down my chin, but I didn't care. All I know is I wanted her to give me all she had. Taking one hand from her tits, I started to assault her engorged clit with my tongue as I slowly inserted a finger inside of her. Alli gripped at my hair, pulling me closer into her. God damn she was fucking tight. I began to move my finger in and out with rhythm, which Alli matched with her hips. Pretty soon, she was bucking her hips wildly against my finger. "More, baby. Give me more!" she said between breaths. I wasted no time in putting another finger in, and then another. "Oh...oh god. Oh yeah, fuck that fucking tight pussy baby!" I pounded my fingers harder into her wet cunt. I could feel her muscles start to tighten, and I knew she was close to cumming. So much of me wanted to drag it on for as long as I could, but I didn't want to deny Alli the pleasure I was giving her. 

I went a little faster, then suddenly she cried, "Oh GOD! I'M CUUMMMINNG!" I continued to eat her pussy out as her juices gushed out of her, soaking my mouth and chin. Her body convulsed for a few seconds after that, until she playfully slapped me on the head, begging me to stop. She grabbed at my arms and pulled me onto the bed next to her where we kissed again, hands exploring each others' bodies. Kissing and sucking on her neck, I then began to move down to her tits. Taking hold of both, I squished them together and started licking and sucking on her nipples. I started biting and nibbling on them as I heard Alli whisper, "Oh yeah. Right there, do it baby." Her tits tasted amazing as I continued to suck and bite on them. 

Alli continued to breathe harder and harder, until she pushed me off of her and onto my back. Crawling up on her hands and knees, she knelt down beside me on the bed and slipped her tongue into my mouth as she ran her hand over my erect cock. Even though I was pretty wet from precum, Alli took her hand, spit on it, and continued to rub my throbbing member. I moaned into her mouth as she kissed me again. I could feel myself throbbing in her hand, and Alli must've felt it too, because she gave it a gentle squeeze before moving down to face my cock. She licked her lips slowly...seductively, then bent over. She started at my balls, lifting and stretching my cock up so she could get all she could. Her tongue felt amazing as she licked and sucked each of my swollen balls into her mouth while she jerked my dick.

"Does that feel good, baby?" Alli asked as she stared back up at me.

"Oh god yes," I said with heavy breaths.

While she continued to rub her soft hand up and down my shaft, she said, "Tell your little slut what you want her to do."

"Suck that cock, baby." I had barely finished the sentence before Alli ran her wet tongue all the way from the base of my cock to the swollen head. She took me into her mouth inch by agonizing inch. While only gagging a little, she started breathing through her nose until my balls where touching her chin. She started swallowing, using her throat muscles to massage my cock as she devoured it. I had no choice but to throw my head back in ecstasy. This girl is fucking amazing! She took a little of me out of her mouth; just enough to where she could wrap her silky hand around the base. She began to firmly squeeze while she sucked, and I could feel my precum dripping into her warm, wet lips. I also felt that I wasn't going to last much longer if she kept this up. 

The way she had knelt down beside me gave me more than enough space to reach over and start rubbing her dripping wet slit. I decided to return the favor and inserted two fingers and started moving them in and out in rhythm with her sucking. She moaned on my cock and the vibrato felt amazing. She started to grind her wet lips against my hands, making cooing noises against my cock. Alli started sucking and slurping faster, and so did I with my fingers. She then began to grin It wasn't long before I felt her legs tense up and then release as she came again, spraying her womanly juices all over my hand and the bedspread. "Ohf Godf," she said with her mouth still full of my meat. As she came up, she brought my cock out from her lips with an audible 'pop' and looked at me while stroking faster. "C'mon baby. It's your turn, now. I want you to cum for your little whore." With that, she dove back down onto my shaft and wrapped her lips tightly around it. She began moving her tongue all around my head; sliding it around, over and under, side to side until I started involuntarily bucking my hips, fucking her mouth. I wasn't prepared for when she deep throated me, and I didn't have enough time to warn her before my cock spasmed and I began pumping my hot sperm into her mouth. 

"Oh, fuuuuucckkk!" I cried out.

She thrust her head deeper down onto my pulsating cock as I continued to shoot my load into her hungry mouth. As I started to come down from the most incredible orgasm I've had in a while, Alli came back up. She opened her mouth to display my handiwork, then greedily swallowed it down with a smile. A little of my cum had leaked onto the corner of her mouth, so she took her finger and swept it up and then licked it clean. That was so fucking hot.

She then climbed up and laid on top of me. Without saying a word, I caressed her face and brought her down and pressed my lips firmly against hers. She used her tongue to part my mouth and kissed me deeply. Now, normally, I wouldn't be kissing a girl right after she'd swallowed my seed, but with Alli, I didn't care. Making out with me for a little longer she sat up, straddling my cock, which was still rock hard despite pumping a huge amount of jizz down Alli's throat. She ran her fingers gently over my abs, and started to pout. "Since you came, does that mean that you won't be able to fuck this little pussy?" Alli said as she pointed towards her nether region. 

I smirked, and trapping her with my legs and grabbing her hips, I flipped her over to where she was on the bottom. Alli squealed and giggled as I bent down and licked and sucked on her huge tits. She then took her heaving breasts and smushed them around my face and rubbed. Pinching her nipples, she released the death grip she had on my head with her tits and pulled me up for another wet, nasty kiss. She then whispered in my ear, "Fuck me, Tim. I need you inside me, now!"

My cock was already throbbing at her moist opening, yearning to fill it as full as I could. Giving her one last kiss, I sat up and pulled her hips closer to me. I positioned the head of my dick and started to slowly push inside of her. I watched as my swollen cock spread her pussy lips wide. I saw that Alli winced a little, and when I stopped to make sure she was okay, she whimpered. "No, No! Keep going baby, please!" she begged. I pushed in further and further until my entire cock was swallowed by her tight hole. Alli let out a moan of satisfaction with the fullness. Slowly, I started to pull in and out, picking up speed until finally, I was ramming my cock into her, making her tits jiggle and bounce all over the place. Alli reached up and pulled me down on top of her, wrapping her arms around my neck and breathing and moaning in my ear as I pounded her pussy. She squealed out as I pushed harder and deeper. 
