 Daisy sat down on the stool and rested her elbows on the bar with a sigh. Behind her one of the local bands droned on playing yet another cover of yet another country song she had heard a thousand times. 

The bartender glanced her way and she nodded. Without a word he reached under the bar for a bottle of cheap beer and popped the top off before he slid it to her. She raised it to her thin lips and took a healthy swallow and let the foul brew rush through her. 

Drinking had been a part of her life since high school. Just another activity to pass the time with friends on the weekends and although her friends had moved away for college or careers she still enjoyed the harsh after taste of cheap beer.

Maybe it was because she had never been able to afford anything else but cheap beer seemed like the only elixir capable of helping her forget the mundane drudgery around her. 

Not that she noticed it much. She had never been the brightest bulb but she wasn't stupid either. She was smart enough to realize living with a controlling ex-quarterback with a short temper and jealousy issues would get her nowhere quick except the hospital. She wouldn't be like her mamma, no sir.

She had left Mike a year ago and never looked back only occasionally missing him. When she did it was the physical stuff she missed. Like how he would stand behind her as she brushed her teeth in the morning and nibble on her ear as the shaft of his cock nestled between her ass cheeks. The sex had been great but everything else had been a drag.

She drank her beer and ordered another as she tallied up the cash in her purse. It wasn't much, just forty two dollars and a penny caked in dirt at the bottom of her purse.

Mike had warned her that would happen. He had told her she'd never last without him to take care of her. Who would cook for her or pay the bills on time, who would stop her from blowing her paychecks on jewlery and clothes. 

She did not recall her response that night, only that it had angered him and whatever name he had called her afterwards had been the straw that broke the camel's back.

So what if she was a lousy cook or put off paying the cable bill. She was twenty three years old there was plenty of time to buckle down later. She was fine on her own. Broke and jobless but other than that she was fine.

Daisy slouched as the day's events crept back into her mind and ruined her pep talk. The one time her car broke down and made her late to work the state inspectors just happened to be at the nursing home and her boss just happened to be on time and sober. She tilted her beer back and swallowed another gulp. 

If she really thought about it she knew it wasn't just the one time. In the two years she had worked for the Duggarville Nursing Home she had been late three times a month at the least. There was always an excuse of course. Her car wouldn't start, her dog got hit by the mail truck, even though she'd never owned one and was allergic to them, or her land lord held her up. Schedules had always rubbed her the wrong way.

She wanted to be like her father. Free from the men in ties telling her to leave break early or writing her up for smoking behind the dumpsters. She wanted the freedom to come and go as she pleased and to make her own money on her own terms. Not that there were many options to do that in a place like Duggarville, Florida. 

It was a small town of five hundred people, most of them spread out across the Florida countryside and every year the opportunities for the little guy seemed to get scarcer and scarcer. Sure it was great if you were born to one of the wealthy family's who had settled the town way back when Florida was under Spanish rule but she didn't have that kind of luck.

She had the kind of luck that left her with forty two dollars in her purse and now that she was on her third beer there was only thirty three dollars. Pretty soon she wouldn't even be able to afford three dollar beer.

Daisy turned around on her bar stool determined not to let her problems get the best of her. She hadn't come to the bar to sulk. She had driven her beat up yellow Honda home from work and showered the dirt and sweat of the humid morning away then rummaged through her closet until she found a few options for a night out. 

She chose a red halter top that showed off her midriff and her favorite pair of cut off jean shorts with a pair of red underwear. She thought the ensemble made her look like Jessica Simpson from the Dukes of Hazard movies only with a little smaller breasts and she loved it. 

With her clothes picked out she jammed her feet into a pair of brown high heel ankle boots and went out the door. From her apartment on the outskirts of town it was only a twenty minute drive to her favorite bar but she made it in fifteen.

Castro's Pub was just a large single room shack made out of corrugated metal with room for a few tables between the bar and stage but it was her favorite place in town to frequent. 

At the back of the room an open door led outside to a dock that stretched out over the water. As a teenager it had been so magical to sit out there drinking with friends and marveling at how good their fake I.D.'s had turned out. The sky had seemed more peaceful and bright then. Now it just seemed dense and dark.

The band switched to a classic rock song full of electric guitar and lyrics that encouraged them all to pound back shots and have a good time. Several people gathered around the stage to revel in the music while other's like her hung back and drank whatever ailed them into oblivion.

A flicker of movement in the corner of her eye caught her attention and she glanced over at a tall man in a red t-shirt and jeans waving at her. 

She vaguely recalled flashes of high school parties and a trembling hand up her shirt but there had been plenty of guys like that and plenty others who had gotten farther with her. It would take more than pawing at her breasts for her to remember his name.

"Daisy," The man hollered. "Hey Daisy is that you?".

She turned at the sound of her name and nodded. "Yeah its me," She said smiling wide and polite like her mother had taught her to.

The man pushed through the crowd and leaned against the bar. He was her age with a five o'clock shadow and dark green eyes. His hair was pulled back in a ponytail and his thin handsome features made smiling at him even easier. 

"Hey you," He said. "long time no see."

"Oh yeah. Time really has flown," She said. "say, when was the last time we saw each other?".

The man grinned and said. "You don't remember me do you?"

"Sorry I'm not very good with faces," She said. "not even one as handsome as yours."

He laughed and flashed her a smile that sent chills down her spine.

"Dylan Hostler, we fooled around at Pete Grouse's graduation bonfire," He said. "I was heavier back then."

She remembered the bonfire, remembered taking Pete Grouse in the bathroom of his parent's home, his thick cock filling her with warmth. The shiver ran down her spine again but she just smiled and focused on Dylan. 

"Now I remember you," She said. "you offered me a beer and asked if we could make out."

"Yeah you were charitable to me," Dylan said. "helped me get some respect from the guys. Even though you threw up on my shoes later and disappeared on me."

She didn't bother to tell him she left to fuck the host of the bonfire or that she didn't remember much of their make out session. She just smiled and said "Well I'm sorry about your shoes".

"It was worth it," He said. "I got to make out with my crush and cop a feel, best night of my teenage life".

They both laughed and she let her cheeks blush a little the way her mother had taught her. Men loved it when a woman pretended to be flustered by their praise.

"I was really you're crush?" She said.

"Oh yeah, mine and thirty other guys," He said. "you looked like a cheerleader, partied like a guy and then if the rumors were true you uh". He trailed off and sipped his beer. "So what are you doing now?" He said.

Daisy laughed and said "Wait a second you can't just put that out there and move on. What did you hear?"

"Oh you know just locker room talk," He said.

"Like what?"

Dylan laughed and took a hearty sip of beer. "Mitch Jones said you could suck cock like a porn star, a few others did to". He raised his hands and shrugged. "There I said it, secrets out."

Her smile widened and she leaned forward a bit showing off her cleavage. 

"I don't know about all that," She said. "but I never had any complaints from Mitch or the others."

He stared at her with a storm of lust in his eyes the way men sometimes did when their inner fantasies took control. 

"Yeah I bet you didn't," He muttered.

She laughed and touched his arm lightly just enough to let him feel the soft warmth of her palm against his tan skin. "You're silly," She said.

She and Dylan laughed together and he ordered her another beer which she accepted without complaint. Some women might demand they pay for their own but her mother had always taught her never to turn down free alcohol, especially not from a looker like Dylan. 

"You never answered my question," He said. "what are you up to these days?"

His eyes lingered on her chest as she took a deep breath and exhaled slowly. His hungry gaze did not bother her. From the time she had developed breasts men had been leering at her. 

If it wasn't her chest it was her butt they drooled over, dreaming of filthy acts and messy wet endings. The attention had always turned her on and this time it was no different.

"Well I was working at the Nursing Home in town but I kind of got fired today," She said.

"Aw man that sucks," He said. "ah who needs them anyway you're to pretty to be hanging around a bunch of old pervs."

She laughed and touched his arm again this time squeezing the muscle of his forearm for a split second. "Would you prefer I hang out around a younger perv," She said.

"I would not complain one bit," He said.

"It would be fun but I don't think it would pay my rent," She said with a flicker of a smile.

"It would if I paid for your time," He said laughing.

She took another long pull on her beer and the cheap brew rushed through her to fuel her ever growing buzz. Maybe it was his handsome face or the beer but she didn't mind his bold joke. The thought of fucking him for cash didn't disgust her either. There were worse ways to earn a living than opening her legs for a guy like Dylan.

"Do you come to Castro's often?" She said. "I don't think I've seen you here before." 

"No some of my coworkers like to come here though so I tagged along for the night," Dylan said. "I was on my way out when I saw you."

"I'll probably leave soon to," She said. "I've got to look for a job tomorrow."

"I mean the night is still young," He said. "we could have a few more."

"I guess I could have one or two more," She said.

He smiled and waved for the bartender to bring them another round. "Or three," He said.

Two beers turned to five and they reminisced about High school and talked about how the world had treated them since graduation. It was a pleasant conversation and reminded her of the old days when her friends had gathered at the bar to unload the baggage of their week.

At eleven thirty she called it quits and he walked her out to the parking lot. She started down the row of vehicles toward her car and he followed her. Daisy glanced over her shoulder and caught him staring at her ass. 

"Careful if you leave your mouth open a bug might fly inside," She said.

He snapped his mouth shut and blushed a little. "I'm sorry I was spacing out," He said.

"Mmmhmmm sure you were," She said.

Daisy continued walking and heard the crunch of his boots on the gravel behind her. 

"Well this is my truck," He said.

She stopped and looked at the red Ford pick up truck and pointed to her beat up Honda next to it.

"That's my ride," Daisy said. "how funny is that."

She walked to the driver side door and watched him out of the corner of her eye.

"I had fun tonight," He said.

"So did I."

"Maybe we can do this again sometime?" Dylan said.

"I'm not really looking to date right now," She said. "I had a bad break up and I'd rather just not."

Dylan rolled a loose stone under the toe of his boot and nodded. "I'm not talking about anything serious," He said. "just some beers, maybe a movie see where it goes."

She sighed and shut her car door to silence the ringing of the seat belt alarm. He was a nice enough guy and she had certainly done her share of flirting but that had been it. Like her mother she just couldn't help it. She had been born flirting.

"Maybe some other time," She said.

He nodded and shoved his hands in his pockets and smiled at her like a teenager accepting bad news. 

"Guess I'll never get to know if those rumors were true," He said. A moment later he shook his head and said "I'm sorry that was rude, I shouldn't of said that."

She thought about him naked, his well muscled body tense with pleasure as she filled her mouth with his hot cock.

It was a tempting thought, one that shot waves of pleasure down through her pussy and left her breathless. She leaned on her car and let her thoughts drift until the the seed of something he'd said earlier began to sprout.

"What if there was a way you could find out?" She said.

He smirked and said "What do you mean?"

"How much money do you have in your wallet?" Daisy said.

"I don't know, wait you want me to pay for it?" He said.

She shrugged and adjusted her purse on her shoulder. "I need the money and you want to find out, what's the big deal?" 

He looked around the parking lot and said "But isn't that prostitution?"

"Its no different than if you paid for my bar tab and took me home to fuck," She said. "we're just cutting out the boring parts."

He stared at her open mouthed in disbelief and she watched his charming eyes slowly warm to the idea. He glanced around again and fished his wallet out of his back pocket.

"I've got fifty bucks," He said.

"I'll take it," She said. 

He grinned and gave her the money. She dropped it into her purse then set it on the hood of her car and waved him over. 

Dylan took hold of her hips and pressed her against the Honda. He kissed her soft inviting mouth and she leaned into the kiss and let his tongue dart past her lips to wrestle with her own. 

Shivers raced down her spine and exploded through her legs warming her already wet pussy. Dylan slid his hands away from her hips and over the thick cheeks of her ass, squeezing them as they made out.

Dylan's cock hardened against her and Daisy reached down and massaged him through his jeans. He broke their kiss and moaned quietly as her hand moved over his firm bulge. 

"For fifty I'll suck your cock like a porn star," She whispered

"Fine by me," He said.

Daisy smiled and squatted between him and the Honda. He stood in front of her and she undid his belt letting it hang there as she tugged his jeans down and pulled his hard cock out from the confines of his underwear.

She grasped it in one hand and stroked him slowly as she ran the tip of his cock over her pouting lips. She licked the bead of precum that protruded from his cock and moaned. The taste alone was enough to make her crave him and she knew it would only get better once he was inside her wet mouth.

Dylan looked down at the gorgeous blond who had filled so many of his high school fantasies and groaned. He pushed forward and drove his cock past her lips into the inviting embrace of her mouth. She was eager to take him and he pushed deeper as she reached between his legs and teased the sensitive flesh of his balls.

Daisy smiled with a mouth full of cock and leaned forward until the tip teased her tonsils. He shuddered and moaned feeling her wet tongue wiggle underneath his firm cock tracing each vein and lathering it with spit. 

He bent over and grabbed onto the Honda as she slid his thick cock down her narrow throat. Daisy's throat muscles tensed around the intrusion but she relaxed and caressed his balls as she gagged on his cock. 

She pulled him out of her throat and jerked him with both hands while she caught her breath. Her damp pussy tingled with pleasure desperate for the warm girth of his hard cock but he had other ideas.

"I wanna see your tits," He whispered.

She laughed and pulled down the front of her shirt and exposed her breasts to him. He reached down and caressed her skin carefully drawing his finger over each nipple before he pulled on them. Daisy shivered and moaned, her pussy dripping with lust as he teased her nipples to hardness.

She wanted to take him then and there. To feel the thick length of his cock penetrate her wet hole and slam into her with reckless abandon. But she could not let him indulge in the carnal delights of her body. Not yet at least. Not for fifty dollars. If she was to be a whore she would be compensated for it.

She breathed in the vulgar aphrodisiac of sweat and beer and Daisy sucked him back into her mouth. She moaned on his cock and reached up to massage his balls with her finger tips. He growled and thrust into her mouth filling her throat once again.

She gagged and coughed drooling on his dick as he buried himself in her throat. The tight wet walls of her throat burned and stretched around Dylan's girth and she grabbed hold of his ass keeping him there until she could no longer breath. Only then did she pull him out with a wet plopping sound. 

He staggered back and gasped for breath his cock swollen and trembling in the air. She took a few deep breaths and worked him with her hands before she licked down the length of his cock and sucked his balls into her mouth.

"So fucking good," He whispered. "it was all true."

Without warning Dylan grabbed the sides of her head and plunged back into her mouth. She gasped and coughed as he fucked her mouth like a common whore he had picked up on the street. Her throat stretched with every thrust and she drooled on his cock taking him as deep as he could go. 

Her pussy shook and trembled begging for his cock but she ignored the heated cries of her body and let Dylan slam into her mouth as if he owned it.

He trembled and gasped and she stuck her tongue out licking his balls as he held her head in place readying for an orgasm.

"Oh fuck," He whispered rocking his hips against her hungry mouth. "you little slut."

She grinned at the words feeling her body warm at the insult as it tickled that part of her that liked to be mistreated. Behind them a car pulled in off the road and bathed them in the glow of its headlights. Dylan froze for a second and Daisy ran her index finger along the seam of his balls.

It was to much for him to handle and he pulled out of her mouth spraying her with globs of wet ivory cum. 

The passing car turned away from them and swung into a parking spot and Dylan fell back against his truck trembling and out of breath.

"Holy fuck Daisy," He said.

She smiled and wiped the beads of cum off her face and licked her fingers clean. 

"Worth fifty dollars?" She said.

Breathless he nodded and slowly forced his cock back into his pants. She fixed her shirt and stood up not bothering to pick the cum out of her hair. In her experience that was best left to the shower she would take back home. 

Daisy opened the car door and took a pen out of her purse. She wrote her phone number down for him on a bar napkin and handed it to him.

"If you ever have a spare fifty, give me a call sometime," She said.

"I'll do that," He said. 

"See ya sugar," She said. 

Daisy grabbed her purse and climbed in behind the steering wheel. She started the car and backed out of the parking spot and glanced at him in the mirror. Dylan raised his hand in an exhausted wave and disappeared behind the other side of the truck. 
