 She had that familiar feeling in her stomach and chest, one of nervousness. As always, his mere touch enthralled her. In all of her past flings, she had been the dominant one, controlling everything from tempo to position. Not with him, however. His hands slid from her sides to her belly, holding her to him, his warm breath blowing across her neck. 

In response, she lifted her arms, wrapping them around his neck, rubbing her near-perfect backside against him, which brought a small moan from his throat. He was already getting hard for her, she noticed, and enticed him with a little more rubbing. She gasped lightly as he bit gently on her neck, his tongue tasting her smooth flesh. Her surprise turned to ecstasy as his hands slid up her belly, cupping her silk-covered breasts. 

This wasn't the first time he'd surprised her in foreplay, though. Many of the things he did, the places he touched her... she didn't expect them to turn her on as they did. She moaned softly as his hands gently massaged her tits, and she smiled, snuggling back against him, content to let him have his way. 

Her brassiere was front-clasped, which he deftly disabled with only his thumb and forefinger. Her smile turned to a grin as he pulled the silk coverings of her breasts aside, exposing her erect nipples to the chill night air. She loved it up here, where they had made love so many times, and, on those more lustful occasions, fucked.

They were far above the streets, on top of an apartment building on the east side of town. The building was abandoned, and Barrow had decided to make it theirs. So many nights... She was brought from her memories by his hands. He was still paying close attentions to her tits, but one hand had begun to slip down her body. 

It soon made its intent clear when it slipped between her legs, lightly rubbing her moistened pussy through her silken panties. She smiled as a moan escaped her lips. She opened her legs a bit, and he took the cue, reaching further and cupping her entire mound, causing a moan to escape her lips. 

A thought occurred to her, and she turned suddenly, facing Barrow and pressing herself against him, her breasts pressed against his bare chest. She kissed him passionately, and then kissed along his jaw and down his neck. There was something she'd wanted to try, to experiment with. She kissed slowly down his chest and abdomen, eventually ending on her knees. 

She looked up to him, a mischievous smile on her face, a smile he returned. He had a good idea what she was thinking, and he had no objections. She quickly unfastened his belt, practically throwing his pants down. There before her was his perfect, erect dick. She wanted to taste it right then and there, but she calmed herself. She had to make it fun, not immediate.

She lightly groped his testicles, massaging them slightly and bringing a soft groan from him. He let his eyes close, letting her know she had complete and utter control. With her free hand, she firmly gripped the base of his penis, and stroked slowly upwards, bringing another expression of pleasure from him. She rubbed her thumb over his sensitive tip, loving how smooth and velvety he felt. 

She continued to stroke him slowly, her mouth opening some. She'd never done this; never let anyone talk her into doing it. But, for some reason, she absolutely needed to do it with Barrow. She gently ran her tongue over the head of his dick, and she moaned in surprised delight.

She had not known what to expect taste-wise, but she certainly never would have guessed this. There was a certain sweetness to it. It wasn't a heavy flavor, but it was definitely there. Beyond that, it was as if licking one of her fingers; it tasted, simply enough, like flesh. 

She licked him again, this time getting a small bead of precum that had formed at his tip. She couldn't explain it, but it was an aphrodisiac and ambrosia mixed into one substance. She had to have more, and, at the same time, it made her hornier. Her hands' pace quickened ever so slightly, stroking him to coax more of that delicious liquid to the surface, and massaging his balls to encourage the production of more. 

She opened her eyes some, looking to the bulging tip of his rod. She licked her lips once, and started taking him into her mouth. At first, she only took his head, licking and sucking lightly, pleased as more of that divine liquid made its way to her tongue. His hand came down and lightly caressed her cheek, and she decided to go a little further.

Her hands kept up a steady pace, not too fast, not too slow, as she slowly began taking more of him. She paused every inch or so, letting her mouth get used to the feeling of the organ, her tongue massaging the thick vein on its underside. She got almost half of his ten inches past her lips, before she felt she couldn't take any more. 

She felt a slight fluttering in her chest, and got an idea. She pulled head back slowly, so that only his tip was in her again. She paused to taste another drop of his delicious liquid, and then pushed her head forward at a slow, steady pace.

She immediately drew her head back again, and, again, surged forward. She quickened her pace to match that of her hands, and let her eyes close, enjoying the long, low groan of pleasure escaping his throat. She could feel him beginning to throb, and she found it to be strangely satisfying, knowing she could pleasure her lover so. 

That thought in mind, she quickened her pace slightly, more of his ambrosia making it to her tongue and throat. Barrow laced his fingers into her hair, letting his mouth open as he moaned, loving the attention she was giving him. 

She continued to massage his testicles, but then got a better idea. She pressed lightly at the base of his scrotum, and began to rub. She felt his pelvic region tighten immediately, and knew she had found the spot. She quickened her pace more and increased the overall friction, knowing he wouldn't last much longer. 

She would have grinned if she was able, but she settled for groaning slightly, further pleasuring him. He began to pulsate rhythmically now, and she knew what was coming. She rubbed harder on the base of his scrotum, and took in as much of him that she could, stroking him furiously.

He grunted once, and tilted his head back, moaning into the night. He was trying to hold it back, she thought to herself, and, as she predicted, he couldn't. He ejaculated fiercely, filling her mouth in a second. Her first instinct was to pull her head away and spit it out, but she stopped her self. 

The substance she had tasted before may have been ambrosia, but this... It was glorious! Salty and sweet all at once, and that texture! She swallowed some to make room, as he was still coming, and she stroked him slowly, lovingly, looking up at him. He finally stopped, and she let his semen rest in her mouth for a moment, savoring the taste. 

She finally swallowed all of it, and got to her feet, leaning against him. He wrapped his arms around, caressing her back as he caught his breath. He then looked to her, flashing a devious grin. He swept her off her feet, and laid her gently on the ground. He began to caress her legs, coaxing them open, and she knew what he was planning. Turnabout was fair play, after all. 

But that's a story for another time.