 I always had a thing for a man in uniform, a military uniform to be precise. Growing up, I spent a lot of time with my grandfather and followed in his footsteps with my love of air craft. 

My grandfather's name was Gerry but ever since I could remember, I called him Sarge. He instilled in me a respect for all things military and taught me about the honour due to those who serve, or have served. 

Sarge and I did a lot of traveling together and attended many air shows. Every time we travelled, we would visit the nearest base in the area. He told me he'd spent time at every one, at one time or another, during his career. I was enchanted buy the things I saw there and as I continued to travel, well in to my teens, I became enchanted by the men I saw on the bases as well, especially on the air force bases. 

It is no surprise, that as I got older, I would choose to frequent areas were military men would hang out. I even moved to a town near a base hoping to catch a glimpse of the men in their uniforms and often did. Although I would stare and drool, I never approached or managed to date any of them. I was much too shy and always had a hard time flirting with men in general. My friends said I put military men on too high a pedestal, I disagreed and still do, but whatever the reason for my apparent intimidation, the truth is I never thought I could measure up and after a while resigned myself to ogling. 

My life had turned out well, I had a good job, good friends and nice place of my own. The only thing my life was lacking in, was romance. I had a handful of boyfriends over the years, but no one that could make my knees weak or my heart skip a beat. I had become so focused on my Gallery that I purposely left no time for dating. I was comfortable in my reservations and the standard I was clinging to. I was sure that he would come along someday and I wanted to be ready to experience everything. 

I was ready, so ready. I was 36 and becoming increasingly anxious to experience anything. I was beginning to question my own approach. Maybe I was ready to try something new, become more proactive in my own fate; starting immediately.

It had been a long day and with the humidity being what it was, I was dying for a beer. It was not a red wine day. I had been in the gallery since 7:30 in the morning, setting up for the new show and overseeing the air conditioning guys who were putting in the new AC unit. Good thing too, because the heat of the day might have melted the latest sculptures. 

I figured there was nothing else I could do that night, so I turned out the lights and locked the door. I was about to go to my car when I heard cheers coming from the bar down the street. 

Shit! I thought; I almost forgot. 

I checked my watch and it was 11:10. I thought for sure I would make the last quarter. So I walked the short distance to O'Grady's pub. I loved O'Grady's. It was never too busy, always clean and the bartender was friendly. Most importantly, the men never seemed to mind me infringing on their turf. They were always very polite to me whenever I snuck in to catch the game. It didn't hurt that they were mostly military too. 

I often worked late on Mondays and exhibit openings, traditionally, are in the evening on Thursdays or Fridays. So it interfered with my football time. Who ever started the tradition, certainly wasn't a football fan. But then again, how many art lovers are.

I had a habit of sneaking out on an opening every once and a while to check on the score. Tom the bartender, ran a tab so I didn't even need my purse. But honestly, it was beginning to get to me. I'm not sure which bothered me more, missing so many games, or having to sneak out of the gallery and all the excuses I had to make when I returned. 

I'll be glad when the season is over. I said to myself with a tired sigh. 

I couldn't believe I even thought that. It was like blasphemy. The season is short enough, and I seem to be so busy at this time of year that there is never enough time to watch all the games. 

I knew I should get a PVR sooner or later, but the first item on my list was to relax, drink my beer and enjoy the view of the handsome man in the corner with his buddies. Fortunately, he didn't notice me gawking. I know it's cliché, but I really do love a man in uniform, and the guy was a pilot, of what I'm not sure, but he was wearing a flight suit so that much I knew. 

I wondered how he could stand to wear such a thing in this heat. My mind drifted away a bit, imagining how hot his body must get. That tall, strong, firm body. My eyes devoured every inch of him, starting at his feet, lingering for more than a minute on his very fine butt, and then continued to the top of his head. 

Mmm. I thought. Dirty blonde hair. Honestly, could a man get any more perfect?

I was staring; admiring the man at the moment he turned. I almost choked on my beer. His eyes were blue. So amazingly blue. But obviously the only way I would know that, would be to look at them. Right into them. 

Oh shit! He saw me. 

I quickly looked up, to the T.V. just above his head but I don't think I was that convincing. When our eyes made a connection he seemed amused. He smiled an extremely sexy smile out of the corner of his mouth and then looked away. I damn near fell off my seat and I think if I tried to stand my legs wouldn't support me. This guy was so handsome, and that sideways smile he gave me made the butterflies kick up in my tummy. It was all I could do not to keep staring. 

OK Sam, what are you gonna do? I asked myself.

I didn't know what to do. What do you do? I wish I were a guy; but maybe they have just as hard a time as girls do trying to pick someone up. I drank the rest of my liquid courage and called the bartender over. 

A minute later he was talking to the man and they both turned to look at me. I looked down from the T.V. briefly, smiled politely and looked up again. I figured if he wasn't interested, he could just smile and say thank you. He wouldn't have to worry about some crazed, military junky going all stalker on him. The drink would just have been a kind gesture from a kind lady. 

He said something to his friends, they all looked at me, smiled and then he started walking in my direction. I couldn't pretend I didn't notice, so I decided to be daring, for me, and watch him. Even the way he walked was nice. He had a real presence about him, a swagger. Strong, confident, powerful and yet still friendly. And the size of his hands were enough to send any women to cloud nine. 

My face was burning. I could feel the blood pulsing through me, making my skin tingle but I soldiered on like nothing he did had an affect on me. I raised my chin a little and acknowledged his quest. A gentle smile invited him. 

"Do you mind if I join you?" he said. His voice was assertive yet soft. I was melting. 

Lock it up Sam. 

With all the courage I could muster and a deep breath I answered. "Of course." And with a tilt of my head motioned to the stool beside me. 

He was remarkably graceful as he slid onto the stool and pulled it toward mine. With one forearm on the bar and the other on the back of my stool, he turned to me and leaned forward invading my personal space. I continued to face the bar but his presence was intoxicating causing my body to react in spite of my attempts to maintain control of it.

"So are you in the habit of buying strange men drinks in bars?" 

I could feel his breath on my face. Um what was it he just said? Concentrate Sam!

"First time...I guess you could say I'm a virgin." I looked at him coyly. 

He held out his hand and introduced himself.

"I'm Steve," he said smiling with his eyes. I suddenly felt very vulnerable. "I'm Sam, nice to meet you." And this time I gave a full smile. I really was glad he came over. But terrified about what to do next. 

"Maybe we could move to a booth. It's a little more private." He was telling not asking. He'd already gathered my drink and didn't look back as he walked, no, sauntered toward a booth in the darkest corner of the bar. Damn, nice ass. 

I was compelled to follow. When I got to the table he was standing behind my chair. 

Mm a gentleman...nice. 

Once he took his seat, I scooted my chair as close as I could to him. I Leaned toward him, giving him the most seductive look I knew how to make and a pleasant view of my chest. Then tentatively, I placed my hand on his leg. 

Breathe Sam. 

He sat a little straighter in his seat, his eyes locked on mine. I moved my hand as close to his crotch as a lady could go without being trashy and dared to keep looking in his eyes. 

My insides muddled. My body was turning a deep scarlet from the tip of my nipples to the top of my head but God help me, I wanted this man. 

I slowly traced my other hand down my neck, willing his eyes to follow. I continued down to the beginning of my cleavage, I could hear his breathing deepen. The attention he was giving my hand was belying his own control and I felt he could pounce on my jugular like a panther at any minute. I think I even heard him growl. 

His hand gripped the edge of the table as I slid mine to completely cup his bulge and squeeze it gently, pulling a groan from somewhere deep in his chest. I instantly knew what he was thinking. He leaned to me, his face inches from my ear. 

"What do you think your doing?" his said in a husky whisper. 

I didn't know what to say. I swallowed. My body on fire, my mind racing, I stayed very still. I looked at the table loosing the fight with my nerves.

Tell him you want him. 

Apparently my throat chose this time to fail me, because I had no sound when I answered through a forced whisper, "I'm trying to seduce you." 

Idiot!

He pulled back slightly and lifted my chin. Look at him. 

"Look at me" 

I looked up and although his eyes were intense and feral they were also compassionate. His lips were practically touching mine as he spoke and I could smell the faintness of Rum and coke on his breath. I felt disorientated and anxious, like my heart was about to jump out of my chest, yet his presence felt innocuous. 

Kiss him 

I leaned in and kissed him. His lips were warm and soft and I never wanted it to stop, but he didn't engage. Feeling like I had gone too far, I pulled back. 

Oh no, he didn't kiss back. 

When I opened my eyes and looked at him I was concerned that I was making a mistake. He was very hard to read and my heart sank. 

Get up and walk away. Now! 

He was staring at me, expressionless. He reached up and undid the clip that held my hair and watched as it cascaded down my shoulders and over my chest. I didn't move. He reached up to move it from my neck and slowly, nuzzled me. He started kissing at the sensitive spot just underneath my earlobe and painfully, deliberately made his way down the side of my neck to my collar bone. Then he made his way across to the centre of my chest. After the shock of his affection set in and the initial fire had cooled to a warm burn, I struggled to come back to reality as he kissed me. I could hardly control my breathing and I was panting when he finished. I moaned slightly as he pulled away. 

He whispered into my chest, "What do you want?" I could feel the bass in his voice resonate through my chest plate.

"I want you." I was shocked at my own reply. But it was the truth. I wanted him, desperately, my body felt like it was being magnetically pulled towards his. 

Swiftly he rose to his feet, threw some cash on the table, grabbed my hand and whisked me out the door. He didn't have to talk, I was following without question and before my senses caught up with me, we were practically running down the road. 

We slowed down when we entered the hotel. I waited awkwardly, breathless, as he went to the counter and took care of the room. My head was spinning, my heart racing and my desire intensifying with every move he made. 

He nodded to the clerk, took the key off the counter, turned and looked at me pausing a moment to see if I would change my mind. Saying nothing, we were off again towards the elevator. I wondered what the people must have thought. 

We boarded the elevator, turned to look at the buttons and stopped. Both of us out of breath but obviously aroused. He turned to look at me and this time there was no mistaking his intentions. Desire slammed into me. Earlier, I'd watched him and thought I'd been under some spell. Seeing his swagger and lure, I'd imagined what it would be like to taste him, to feel his body against mine. Imagination was nothing compared to the reality though. Abruptly, I slid my hands up his chest to pull his head down to mine. 

"God I want you" I whispered, and fastened my lips on his. I didn't bother with teasing nibbles and pecks. 

I dove into the kiss with abandon, tasting the tang of alcohol and spice that was him. Hot and sweet his flavour infused me. His tongue dipped and circled around mine. The silky stroking was suddenly making me greedy for more. I made an impatient noise and pushed myself closer to him. The long cords of muscle in his back were sharply defined under his suit. I could feel him growing harder against me.

Need sliced through me, sharp and intense. I needed his hands on me, his skin against mine. I needed his mouth on me, hot and wet. 

"When I first saw you, I wondered what this would be like." I murmured. 

My body conformed to his embrace; warm and yielding against his chest and the sensation threatened his control, making him crave more. I could read his arousal in his eyes. I felt how badly he wanted me in the tightness of his grip. He was trembling with desire as his hands explored me. I sensed his primal need to touch me everywhere at once. He wanted me, period, on the floor, against the wall anywhere as long as it was now. However we were in the hotel elevator, I struggled to remember that, as he ran his hand down my back to where my top ended and warm skin began. 

I definitely had no business wrapping myself in his arms after knowing him for only a few minutes, but the sound of his grunts made a mockery of my common sense. My hands stroked the fabric of his flight suit and I felt him strain against them, against the heat of my touch. Instead of stepping away and composing ourselves because we were in a public place, he slipped a hand up under my blouse, sliding his fingers over the soft swell of my breast. With his eyes closed and the noise from the hall outside the elevator only a murmur in the back ground, we could have been anywhere. Then the insistent firmness of my nipples against his palm tore a groan out of him. 

I gave a soft laugh of delight. His arousal was an aphrodisiac, and a frenzy of desire assaulted me. I wanted to know how he felt inside me, how his body convulsed at orgasm. I wanted to feel him hard, in my hand, in my mouth. Hastily I fumbled for his zipper. 

Heat raced through us. There was no room for practicality, only for the rush of sensation from our mouths and the warmth of our hands. Then there was the tug and growl of his zipper. I could tell myself to quit all I wanted to, but his hands continued to slide over my curves, finding the hem of my skirt. 

"This isn't smart, " he said. "We're in public." 

"I know it's terrible," I said running my tongue along his neck. He ran a hand up under my skirt, moving between my thighs to find me already wet. 

"We have to wait. We'll get caught," he managed, the slippery evidence of my arousal making his head pound. 

"Don't you wonder just how good it would feel like to be inside me, to have me hot and wet beneath you?" I was trying everything I could think of. "Don't worry. Press the stop button" I said breathlessly, my gasps catching as his fingers began to slide against me. 

"We can't do this here," he said raggedly, as my clever fingers searched him out and wrapped around him. 

I laughed deep in my throat. "Trust me nobody will come." 

I began to stroke him and he groaned, abandoning his attempts at control in the face of the delicious friction, my tantalizing touch. He lunged at me pushing me back against the opposite wall of the elevator and I swear I heard him growl as kissed me hard. 

In one motion he scooped me up in his arms, wrapped my legs around his waste and forced his body against mine. It took my breath away. He kissed me hard, prying open my lips and probing my mouth with is tongue. I steadied myself with my hands on his shoulders but they soon had a hold of his head. I didn't want to just kiss him, I wanted to devour him. I couldn't get enough. I could feel the bulge in his pants pushing against my heat and instinctively I began to grind. I desperately wanted him inside of me. Now! 

Oh God 

Just then the door sounded and as it opened, he slowly let me slide to the floor with his body still firmly pressed against mine; staring at my swollen lips and then my neck, as I turned to see the doors opening. With our hair tussled and my clothes out of place, we parted, visibly aroused and panting. The patrons coming onto the elevator stared with looks of concern. 

We waited patiently for the next floor; I desperately wanted to touch him. The faint smell of my sex in the tiny space, was like a drug with a powerful buzz I couldn't sober up from. The thought of how he had touched me, kept me high. 

The door opened, he took my hand and we slowly walked to the room. 

Walk Sam. Slow down

"Apparently this room actually has a hot tub." He said as he opened the door to our room; his voice was remarkably normal, given the state we were in just moments earlier. I hadn't quite composed my self enough to talk, so I remained quiet as we walked past the huge king sized bed to the room where tub was. 

Wow.

We stood there looking at an enormous tub in a room all by itself, our minds racing. The room was definitely inspirational. It was a delicious, dark maroon and had adjustable pot lighting in the ceiling. The sliding doors, framed with lush black velvet curtains, led to a balcony overlooking the city. There were various candles and plants strategically placed around the room, creating the illusion of being outside at midnight. It was quite a set up. I was enchanted. Steve never let go of my hand and made me follow him while he set the heat and started the tub. After testing the temperature he turned to me. 

"Are you sure this is what you were looking for?" he said. 

Within half an hour we had met, made out and were in a hotel room looking at a very sexy hot tub. It was evident that I wanted him as bad as he wanted me, but he still seemed momentarily uncertain. Were we moving to fast for the gentleman he felt he should be. Or was I being too alluring and seductive. Was this too risqué for a proper lady. 

God help me, I want him. 

I pulled my hand from his and began to unfasten my blouse while I looked him straight in the eyes. Answering him with my actions. I took care to keep his attention as I slowly went from one button to the next. He watched patiently, his eye fathomless. I opened my blouse and slowly pulled it down over my shoulders. The blood rose to my chest, covering me in crimson as I fought to maintain focus. 

As I undid the clasp on the front of my bra, I saw a twinkle of anticipation in his eyes and I hesitated before exposing myself. The corner of my mouth quivered as I attempted to smile. 

With hands pressed flat, I smoothed my bra out of the way and looked down at my tight nipples as I cupped my breasts. Enjoying the softness of my tender flesh, I regained eye contact with him and noticed the sweat beading on his forehead. 

"Your turn." I said with a husky whisper. 

He didn't hesitate. He grabbed his zipper and yanked it down. Then he roughly, and quickly, pulled his arms free. He stood there with his arms at his sides seemingly waiting for the next step. But the look in his eye was stern without question. I assumed he wanted to see what I would do next. 
