 The nickname, Fluffy, is because of her pubic hair, which is thick, black, and covers a lot of her lower belly. I love that! 

=====

They sat in a booth in one corner of a hotel restaurant, lingering over their coffee. It was late enough in the evening that, even though it was a Friday, there was no-one nearby. A flight attendant and a couple of cockpit crew were sitting on the other side of the restaurant having an animated conversation over dinner, but no-one else from the conference was there. The waiter had already taken his room number and signature for the check, and they were by themselves.

They looked at each other longingly. "I've missed you so very much," he said.

"I've missed you, too," she replied.

He took her hands from across the table. "I hate that I only see you once a year. I wish you didn't live 3000 miles away."

"I know, I know, but I love it there."

"Me, too. I tried living in Louisiana for a year and was ready to scream by the time I came home. It was awful. I couldn't believe it! I'm not leaving California again."

"I understand," she said. She shifted down slightly in her seat.

"I love you, Fluffy."

"I love you, too, you silly old bear."

He felt the ball of her foot then. It gently prodded his knee, then, having gotten its bearings, he felt her instep slowly sliding up the inside of his thigh. She shifted down in her seat a little more and her foot came to rest on his crotch.

"How much have you missed me?" she said. She smiled rather slyly and pressed his cock two or three times slowly with the ball of her foot. She slid her sole up and down the length of his cock. He slipped one hand below the table and cupped her foot so the sole rested over his cock and pressing himself into her firmly.

"Mmmm, it feels like you've missed me a lot," she said.

"I think you've missed me at least as much," he replied. "Why don't you pull your skirt up under the table?"

"Uh, I'm not, uh—" she broke off and looked around the restaurant. "Oh, I guess there really isn't anyone around, is there?"

"Nope,, the only people are the flight crew over there and they can't even see our table from there. Go on, honey, pull the front of your skirt up."

"Just a moment..." There was a slight rustling sound and her foot pressed into him a time or two. She sifted in her seat again and said "I'm wide open. You should take a look below the table; you'd love the view."

"Later. I'd have to move your foot and it feels too good."

"Hedonist."

"That's me, honeybunch."

"My skirt's up. What did you have in mind?"

"Put a finger in your pussy."

"Just one? I can fit a lot more than that, you know."

"Two's okay for now."

She looked distracted for a moment. From the motions above the table, she was finessing her panties out of the way. A ripple of pleasure crossed her face and she looked at him and said "Mmmmm!" She resumed slowly kneading his cock with her foot. The distracted look slowly returned to her face and it was apparent that she was working her fingers in and out gently in time with the pressure of her foot.

"That's nice," he said.

"I think so, too," she replied.

"I love watching you get excited," he said.

"Mmmmm...." she said and closed her eyes. The kneading continued. She opened her eyes and said "Tell me a story."

"Gladly. Anything special?"

"Here and now." She closed her eyes again.

"That one's easy," he said. "I can't begin to describe how lucky I am to have you in my life. You're gorgeous and you're the sexiest woman I've ever known."

She opened her eyes again. "Am I?"

"You are. By miles."

"Mmmmm..." The eyes closed again. "What do you find sexy about me?" She pressed very slowly into his cock, arched slightly, inhaled deeply, and exhaled with a whooshing noise. The slow kneading resumed.

"I love it when you arch your back like that. Your tits are perfect. Not too large, not too small, very firm, big hard nipples, and very sensitive. I could suck them for hours."

"Mmmm-hmmmm," with the eyes still closed. "What else?"

"You kiss amazingly well. Your lips are very gentle and I have absolutely no words to describe how soft and sweet your tongue feels on mine. Kissing you is one of my favorite things."

"One of?" she said.

"Yup," he said. "There are others, of course. I love how wet you get. You're wetter than any three women I've known. It makes eating you damp and delightful."

"Oh!" she said. She shifted slightly in her seat and a couple of slight shudders rolled through her.

"That looked nice," he said. "I'll bet there are more where that came from."

"Yes, it was just an hors d'oeuvre at this point."

"Rub your clit for me, honey."

"Oooh, glad to. I'm all hot now." She twitched slightly and said "Oooh, that's lovely."

He lowered his voice a little more and said "I want you to imagine that's not just your fingers by mine as well."

"Mmmmmph!" she said.

"I'm lying next to you and holding you around the waist and I'm running my middle finger up your slit all the way to your clit over and over."

"Oh, do that some more." The pace increased.

"I'm kissing you from behind. You're getting very warm."

"You always do that to me. Were you going to eat me, too?"

"Yup. I'm going to kiss my way down your front and spread those incredible thighs and lick that hot wet cunt."

"Oh, gawd!" It was nearly a groan.

"I love how wet you get. Your pussy hair gets matted just from your juices so quickly."

"It does. I get turned on when you're even around. Seeing you makes me a little damp. When you hold me and look into my face, I feel warm and slippery.

"One of my favorite fantasies has always been putting my fingers in you and kissing you deeply and getting you off by fingerfucking you, then eating you so I can taste what I've done."

"Mmmm!" A tiny little squeak and vigorous fingering.

"And there's nothing like the way you taste. You're soft and sweet and peppery and aromatic. I could wear you like cologne."

"Ohhhh, I want that!" She was getting close. Her breathing was ragged and a little hoarse.

"You're perfect. From your big brown eyes to those perfect round breasts to the curves of your back and that soft tummy and kissable navel and your big hips and soft ass and strong thighs all the way down to your cute little toes, you are absolutely perfect. I love every inch of you. I want to kiss you all over and flip you over and then do it again."

Even though her lips were pursed tightly to keep from yelling , she made a deep growling noise that echoed from her nose. Her free hand gripped his hand on the table and she pushed and stroked with the other hand. Her upper body jerked several times, she squeezed his hand very tightly, and then let go.

She leaned back and pulled her other hand from under the table. When she caressed his cheek, he felt a damp mark on his cheek. He held her hand and kissed her palm, smelling her pussy juices. He rubbed her fingers with his mustache to transfer as much of the scent as he could.

"I'll always love you," he said. She sighed.

"I'll love you longer than that," she replied. She looked around at the table and said "We should go." She made a move to slide out of the booth and said "Oh, my God!"

"What is it?" he asked, alarmed.

"The back of my skirt is all wet!" He laughed.

"It's not that funny!" she said.

"I'm sorry, love, but it is, kinda." He smiled broadly at her and after a moment she smiled, too.

"Okay, it is, but what am I going to do?" she said.

"I'll walk behind you to the elevator," he said.

She slid out of the booth carefully, muttering "I'm probably leaving a trail." She stood up and faced out. "How bad is it?" she said quietly.

"Well, maybe you should've worn a darker skirt," he said.

"That bad?"

"There's a spot about six inches wide and eight inches tall."

"Oh, crap!" she said.

"Hang on, let me slide out and I'll use my jacket to cover things. You'll be fine." He got out of the booth and positioned his jacket so that it dangled from his right arm and stood partially behind her. "Ready?"

They walked through the lobby to the elevator without incident. When the doors closed on the elevator, she pushed the button for the 18th floor and threw her arms around him and kissed him deeply.

"I love you!" she said, looking into his eyes.

"I love you, too," he replied.

The doors opened and he looked at the floor number. "I'm on the 22nd floor," he said. She took his hand and gently pulled him out of the elevator.

"You have to follow me down the hall to my room with your jacket," she said as she set off down the hall.

"Oh, duh, of course!" he said.

She looked over her shoulder at him and said "And besides, I'm going to have to change out of these damp panties and I thought you might like to watch."