 Chapter 03: Moderate Turbulence

The beat of water played across her skin. Her nipples had hardened at the first touch of spray, but now they ached. Stephanie tingled as she directed the pulsing steam between her legs. She shivered before her hands fumbled the showerhead back into its cradle.

Damn, that Steven, she thought. It had been more than a week since the meeting with FBI Agent Al Scott, and Stephanie was on edge.

The razor slid over her lathered mons. In a couple of minutes the last stubble spiraled down the drain, leaving her smooth and bare. She removed the showerhead from its holder and rinsed herself. Then the rinsing turned into playing, and the playing turned into pleasuring. The probing needles of hot water found her labia and the folds around her clit.

She missed Steven's touch, and could not understand his lack of interest. She longed to lose herself in their lovemaking but was left to this. Masturbation cooled her physical desire even as it left her empty. She pressed on the soft skin above her slit and the tip of her clitoris jutted from her cleft. Her fingertips circled several times as she fantasized about his tongue.

Stephanie leaned back against the cool tile, closed her eyes and used her free hand on her full breasts. She pulled on her nipples. "Oh, Steven . . . ." Stephanie braced one foot on the edge of the tub. The showerhead sent tingling sensations through her pelvis. "I . . . need . . . you!" The water enveloped her pussy and lights flickered behind her eyelids. The orgasm left her gasping.

She stepped out of the shower with the bathroom door still wide. Steve walked past and she called to him. Stephanie stood, hair dripping wet, her thick nipples hard and her pussy absolutely nude. Steve's eyes lingered on her. His stare felt hot on her skin. His mouth worked a couple of times. Then he retreated.

Stephanie threw on a t-shirt and jeans then found him leaning against the kitchen counter. Before she could say anything, he told her, "I have to go. I've got a lesson. Call you later, okay?"

"Sure, Steve. Whatever."

In the months they had been together this was the first time he could remember her calling him Steve, not Steven. He gave her an unreadable look, pecked her on the cheek and left in a rush. Stephanie half expected any loose papers to trail in the vacuum of his wake.

She needed him right now, needed him to be strong for her, to desire her, to help her forget the world in a cocoon of lovemaking. Instead he bolted. Even more confusing was that he got hard when he saw her naked. She noticed. She was certain. One phrase kept repeating in her mind.

What the fuck?

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * *