 Fly Girl IV: Traffic Pattern Entry

Al rose, dressed and reached for the door just as his cell phone rang. It was his partner calling from Miami.

"Hey, buddy, got a second?"

"Sure," Al replied. "I'm heading out to meet with Tom. Says he has something for me."

"Yeah? So do I."

"Okay," Al said as he settled behind the wheel. "Tell me while I drive."

Thirteen minutes later Al strode into the same room at the airport where he met with Steven and Patsy. Tom sat at the conference table drinking coffee. He eyed the Agent.

"Hey. You look a little better."

"Thanks. Sleep helped. So, what's up?"

"Been thinking about the body, the second one."

"You mean the kid?" Al prodded.

"Yeah."

"And you're not buying that he was a 'mule'—"

Tom tilted his head, mouth poised.

"Not an official mule?" Al finished.

Tom's mouth hung open.

"You think maybe he was 'carrying' on his own?"

Tom nodded, still mute.

"You're thinking it's human trafficking. Not drugs."

Tom sat there with his jaw down, working it just a bit, as Patsy's cousin stole all of his thunder. But his voice continued to elude him. Finally, he asked, "How'd you fig—?"

"C'mon, man. You think the FBI's just a bunch o' dumb shits in suits?"

Tom shook his head.

"Good." Al cleared his throat. "Uh, yeah, my partner told me."

Tom took a second to digest the information before he burst into hearty laughter. Al grinned with him.

"He made a trip to, well, south, and met with the Florida Coalition Against Human Trafficking. They let him know that they've been watching the activity through this region and it's been heating up lately. The kid was just a weird coincidence, but it suggested something else."

"Yeah, no shit it did," Tom agreed, pensive. "I saw it happen back in the day." Then he hastened to add,"'Fore I reformed, now, ya know."

"Yeah, I don't wanna know 'bout before. I just want to believe you're a good guy—for Patsy's sake."

Tom was about to speak, but snapped his lips together instead and just nodded.

"Look,' Al admitted, "I just told you way more than I should. And since you and Steve have been helpful in all this mess I figure it's sort of 'quid pro quo'. But now, is there anything else you can tell me? You can call this 'the interrogation,' if you want. But if you have anything . . .?"

"Well," Tom began, eyes darting around the room, "I use to know about a couple of places where you could get a plane into. Even a good sized one, too, if you were a decent stick-and-rudder guy . . ."

