 The late sun sank in their wake as the Cessna droned along. Its altimeter indicated five thousand five hundred feet above mean sea level. The tops of distant cumulous clouds caught the setting rays and glowed titanium white against the watery eastern sky. As they dripped towards the sea the setting sun painted them fading shades of peach and rose.

Stephanie straddled Steve's lap and ground herself onto his cock. These little visits to the "Mile High Club" had become habit; the couple found reasons to make day or weekend trips at least three or four times a month. She relished her "airgasms," and Stephanie bore down on this one with a vengeance. The headsets lay on the floor.

She raised her voice to be heard over the airplane noise. "I'm . . . close, baby."

"Me, too," Steve told her.

The cramped cockpit barely allowed for movement. Even with Steve's seat moved back and lowered as much as possible they still had to balance on the inboard edge of the cushion. Stephanie pressed against Steve's chest to keep from interfering with the controls. The Cessna's nose porpoised up-and-down. Her nipples were sandwiched between them and the slight movement made her tingle from her breasts to her crotch.

Pulling up on the airplane's nose, Steve used centrifugal force to drive Stephanie's silken pussy down onto his hardness. Every time the airplane pitched downward the near-weightless sensations gave them a delightful backstroke. The Cessna bottomed out of a shallow dive and Stephanie felt Steve's thick tip press against her cervix. Her flesh swelled with the contact. Ripples of intense pleasure raced through her in waves.

"Oh, God!" She grabbed onto his shoulders and gasped in ragged rhythm as her body convulsed. "Ungh . . . ungh . . . nooow!"

"Yeah, baby!" Steve groaned encouragement as his cum pulsed into Stephanie's clutching depths. One of his large hands gripped her ass while the other pumped the yoke faster to intensify their climax. His shaft twitched as her slick walls squeezed tight in rhythmic shudders.

Afterwards, the airplane resumed level flight. Their labored breathing returned to normal. Steve shrank from Stephanie. Some of their broth seeped from her lips as she shifted to the right to the co-pilot's seat. They replaced their headsets.

Stephanie spoke into the microphone, "Damn, I'll never get tired of that! And those little wiggles at the end? Yeah, keep those. Whew, I needed that, Steven!"

Steve smiled as he zipped his fly and adjusted his seat. "Next time we'll try some steep turns. That'll get the g—" The overhead speaker interrupted him.

"Cessna two-alpha-alpha, Macon Approach. Leaving my airspace—" He flicked the audio panel switch from "speaker" to "headphones" and the sound quality improved. "Radar service terminated, squawk V-F-R, frequency change approved. For further flight following, try Jax Approach in ten miles on one-three-two-point-four."

"Cessna two-alpha-alpha, roger V-F-R. So long."

"That was close," Stephanie giggled into the intercom.

"Well, it's not like they're gonna see us, you know?"

She returned his grin. "But we might have missed the call." Stephanie freshened up with a light touch but the Kleenex stroked between her long legs still made her shiver. She donned her panties and smoothed her skirt into place. Then Stephanie fastened her seat belts and fiddled with the GPS.

"Twenty-five minutes or so till home," she announced

"Yeah, we can start down in about seven. You hungry?"

"Starved. Chinese?"

"Sounds great."

There was time to enjoy the sunset as it glowed in the tall, billowy clouds. The rest of the flight would have been normal, quite, even boring. Except for one thing. Except for activity in a clearing Steve knew from days past. Ghosts from almost twenty years ago.

He shot a quick glance in her direction, but Stephanie concentrated on the GPS display.

 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *