 Ingrid shifted in her seat for the umpteenth time. "The guy that made these seats must have had lessons from the Spanish Inquisition," she thought to herself. She had boarded early and was already uncomfortable as other passengers continued to arrive and take their seats. She sat on the aisle leaving the window seat next to her empty; she was not fond of flying and sitting away from the window helped. In fact if she didn't have to close this deal in person she wouldn't be flying at all.

She sighed and smoothed her short tan skirt back down towards her knees. She was enjoying the affect she was having on the male passengers as they boarded though. Her skirt was very short, reaching only to mid thigh, and she had left the matching tan suit jacket open to show off her sheer silk blouse that was unbuttoned far enough to offer a tantalizing glimpse of her breasts. For those daring enough to look longer they could just make out the darker color of her nipples as they peeked out over her demi-bra. About the only thing they couldn't see was the black, silk thong she was wearing beneath her skirt.

She opened her book and pretended not to notice the appreciative stares she was receiving. Another passenger came into view making his way down the aisle, and her eyes followed him like a magnet. At first glance he was just average looking but she could sense something about him, something that instantly riveted her attention on the easy way he moved down the aisle, a grace, a presence, something primal. She began to fantasize about this stranger as he walked down the aisle, wondering what he looked like his cock hard and throbbing for her pussy.

"Excuse me." She looked up startled to realize he was standing next to her seat.

"I believe that's my seat," she realized he was pointing to the spot she was sitting in.

"Oh, I'm sorry. Would you mind terribly trading seats with me? I hate sitting next to the window," she managed to stammer out.

He smiled at her and she melted. "Not at all, I would be happy to trade with you." He stood there for a moment, other passengers beginning to pile up behind him. "Ummmm, you are going to have to stand up for me," he smiled again.

Her face flushed and she quickly stood and stepped into the aisle for him. "Sorry" she stammered again. He brushed against her lightly and an electric shock raced through her body. Her nipples grew hard and her knees weakened. She could feel herself growing damp as he sat down next to the window. She quickly moved out of the aisle and sat back down next to him, trying to catch her breath. She could feel her face hot and flushed in embarrassment.

He pulled his book out and settled back into his seat, giving her a smile and pulling the blind down over the window. "Are you okay? You look a little flushed."

"I'll be fine," she replied resisting the urge to reach out and touch him. "It is just a little warm in here right now."

"It will be better when we start moving and the air conditioners can come on." With that he turned to his book and began to read. She pulled her suit jacket closed realizing just how hard her nipples had become, long and hard just like they did when someone was playing with them. Right now they ached to be touched, touched by his hands and sucked on by his mouth.

She gave herself a mental shake "Stop thinking like that, he's a complete stranger" she thought to herself. She turned her attention back to her book. As she started to read she noticed a scent coming to her faint, yet powerfully attractive. She looked around; no one else seemed to have noticed it as they prepared for the takeoff. She inhaled again and felt a shudder run through her body, her nipples ached and she rubbed her legs together. She turned her head to follow the scent and realized it was coming from the man next to her. She stared at him for a moment.

"Yes?" he asked.

"What?" She realized she had placed her hand on his arm.

"I thought you wanted something," he replied.

"Oh no, sorry I must have been daydreaming," and she pulled her hand back.

"All right, well if you need something…..anything at all, just let me know." He smiled turned back to his book.

The plane began to taxi to the runway. "Ingrid, what are you doing, keep your hands to your self girl," she thought to herself. She picked up her book and was able to distract herself as the plane took off. As his scent continued to fill her nostrils, she could not remember what she had been reading. It was a constant struggle to keep her self from reaching out to touch and stroke the man next to her. She could feel herself becoming more and more aroused as the plane moved across the sky. Daydreaming, her mind filled with images of him stripping her, touching her, rubbing himself against her naked body his arms around her as he filled her with his cock.

They had been in the air about an hour, half way to Denver. He seemed oblivious to her discomfort as she struggled to keep from throwing herself upon him. Finally she could take it no longer; she stood up and made her way back to the restroom. It was unoccupied and gratefully she slipped inside and locked the door.

She leaned back against the door, one hand sliding under her skirt rubbing her pussy slowly through her thong. She had not realized just how aroused she was till she touched herself. Her thong was damp with her juices and she slid one finger underneath to caress her wet slit. She unbuttoned her blouse, reaching inside to brush against and tease one aching nipple.

Her mind filled with the stranger that had been sitting next to her. She could see him naked, stroking his cock as she slowly stripped for him. She fondled her breasts and pussy while she gazed upon and hungered for his throbbing cock seeing the lust in his eyes for her. In her mind they came together, her breasts crushed against him as they kissed. She pinched her own nipple as her hand began to move faster up and down her pussy, teasing her clit as she imagined the stranger taking her in his arms lifting her up and lowering her on to his cock.

She shuddered as she imagined being impaled on his cock, slowly forcing it deep inside her body. She gave a low moan her hand moving faster now, her pussy on fire her nipples sending electric shocks down her spine joining with the heady fire that was consuming her. She could almost feel his cock sliding in and out of her tight pussy as he held her tight driving himself up and down in her. Faster and faster his cock moving like a piston inside her. Her hand was a blur as she stroked her pussy, rubbing her fingers hard across her aching clit. Her nipples throbbing, aching her hand moving from one to the other.

She imagined his cock beginning to buck and jerk inside her, could feel him losing control as he slammed his cock into her. One final hard thrust deep inside her, his body rubbing against her, his cock spurting, pumping her full of his hot cum, driving her mind over the edge to ecstasy. Her finger pushed hard on her clit and her mind exploded in white light as her own orgasm crashed through her at the thought of being filled by the stranger's hot seed. She moaned softly, her body writhing as she pushed harder on her clit as he kissed her in her mind the aftershocks rolling through her like thunder. She slowly sank to the floor still propped against the door. A knock came at the door, startling her.

"Hey, is someone in there? Could you hurry, please!" came a girl's voice.

"Just a minute, I'll be right out," she replied. She gave herself a quick once over, buttoning her blouse and pulling her thong back into place. She would have really liked to change it but there was nothing she could do about it right now. She washed her hands and opened the door.

"Sorry, for being so long," she said to the young girl waiting there.

"It's okay, just gotta go," and she slipped past Ingrid into the restroom.

Ingrid headed back to her seat, her mind still focused on the stranger and the affect he was having on her. She reached her seat and he smiled at her as she sat back down.

"Feeling better? You were gone for quite a while there."

"Ah, yes much better."

"That's good. We should be arriving in an hour or so," and he turned back to his book. Again, she felt weak in the knees at the sight of his smile, filled with a powerful urge to offer her self to this man, to feel his cock moving inside her fucking her till she collapsed in exhaustion. She was aroused; maybe even more than before she had gone to the restroom. She spent the time till landing trying to concentrate on her book, restraining herself from reaching out and touching the man beside.

Then she remembered who was going to pick her up at the airport. Kris would be there to get her. The main reason she had agreed to fly out was so she could finally meet him. She felt guilty wanting the stranger next to her so much, how could she have forgotten? So lost in thought about it she did not even realize they had landed until the other passengers stirred collecting their things and getting ready to disembark. The plane came to a halt at the gate. She stood and retrieved her things giving the stranger one last smile.

"It has been a pleasure traveling with you," he said to her smiling.

"More than you will know," she replied with a smile of her own, managing to restrain the urge to bend over and kiss him deep.

She moved down the aisle and up the boarding ramp, stepping into the busy terminal. She paused a moment, she had forgotten after all the time they had corresponded she had never actually seen a picture of Kris. She had no idea who she was looking for. She stepped out of the way of the people still getting off the plane and looked around. She knew that he had pictures of her though, she just hoped he had not forgotten her.

"Looking for me, Ingrid?" a voice came from behind her, a very familiar voice. She twirled around, and he was standing there.   "Kris!?" she exclaimed. In response he pulled her into his arms pressing his lips to hers, searing her soul with his gentle kiss. She kissed him eagerly hungrily, pressing herself against him, feeling his hard body against her. "How, why?" she managed to struggle out the question between kisses.

"I couldn't wait for you to get here so I flew out this morning and took your flight back." They kissed again, Ingrid rubbing herself harder against him, feeling him respond to her. "My car is in the parking garage. Maybe we should go some where more private," he whispered in her ear, he broke their embrace. "Do we have to stop at baggage claim?

"No," she hissed, "It is all right here," she gestured at her case.   "Let's go," turning he grabbed the handle of her case and pulled her along with him. They got to the train station and kissed again, their hands wandering over each other searchingly, their tongues exploring each other's mouths. They could each could feel the other's need, a hunger shared between them. They broke their kiss and boarded the train heading to the main terminal.

He leaned against the side of the train, spreading his legs wide and pulling her to him. Kissing her harder now, feeling her pressed against his cock, feeling her hunger for him as he held her tight against him, her hips thrusting gently against him, rubbing her self against him as they kissed. His hands wandered eagerly across her body, brushing lightly over her ass, teasing, suggesting. She responded deepening their kiss, thrusting her tongue deep into his mouth dueling with his own. They were drawing stares from those standing around them, but neither noticed nor cared, aware only of each other.

They arrived at the main terminal and again he took her by the hand, pulling her suitcase with the other. He moved as fast as he could without actually running through the crowd of people. Outside they crossed the street and headed into the depths of the parking garage. He moved quickly and confidently to the back of the parking structure. "There it is." Her heart quickened at the sound of his voice as he pulled her to his car. "Wait." He had backed into the space and took her suitcase to the trunk, quickly tossing it inside. 

He returned to her, gathering her in his arms, searching for her lips. They kissed hard and long. He bent his head and kissed the skin of her chest where her blouse was unbuttoned, his hands slipping under her skirt and caressing her ass. She bent her head back and he pushed her against the hood of his car, then lifting her and setting her on it.

His fingers moved and more buttons were undone, her breasts coming into view. She reached down and stroked his cock through his pants eliciting a low growl of desire from him. She threw her head back as his lips found her hard nipple, sucking it fiercely into his mouth and she moaned. As he sucked and nibbled her breasts her hands worked his zipper down, freeing his hard cock from his pants, stroking it, feeling it throb in response to her touch.

He groaned his hands sliding up her thighs, pushing her skirt up higher, exposing 

her thong covered pussy to his gaze. Her hands left his cock moving back to support herself as he thrust himself forward against her, devouring her mouth, and rubbing his cock against her thong covered pussy. It was wet with her juices and she kissed him fiercely as he slowly rubbed himself up and down against her.

"Fuck me, fuck meeeeeeee nowwwwwww," she hissed in his ear. His hands moved pulling her thong to one side and he rubbed his cock against her hot wet pussy. "Noooooo, in meeeee, take meeeeeeeeee, fuck meeeeeeeeeee nowwwwwwwww," she groaned in his ear.

He responded pulling back, lodging the head of his cock against her tight entrance. She thrust her hips at him, trying to take his cock inside her, desperate to feel it spearing into her. He paused for a moment, raising his head, gazing into her eyes. He leaned forward to kiss her and as their lips met he slowly began to force his cock into her. She leaned farther back against the warm hood of the car, raising her hips taking his throbbing cock as deep as she could. So hard, and thick, pulsing inside her filling her till she thought she could take no more and still he forced him self deeper.

She moaned when she felt his balls nudging up against her ass. "Fuck me hard, nowwwwwwwww," she growled and pressed herself up against him, rubbing her hard aching nipples against his chest. She squeezed her self down against his cock and she could feel more than hear the growl that came from him.

He began to move with purpose now, rhythmically thrusting his hard cock in and out of her tight pussy. He kissed her hard and deep, pressing her down against the hood, holding her there while he fucked her. She thrust up meeting each of his, arching her back to take him as deep as she could. The waves were building deep inside her the fire of her pussy milking and squeezing the cock that was fucking her, the tingling sensation as her nipples brushed and rubbed against his chest. Her spine was like a live wire and soon she was only aware of the sensation of his cock thrusting in and out of her pussy.

He responded, moving faster and harder, beginning to slam his hard shaft into her, rubbing her hard throbbing clit at the end of each stroke. He groaned and she felt him tense, felt his body losing control, fucking into her like there was no tomorrow, harder and faster, their bodies slapping together. Then he was there one hard thrust forcing his cock even deeper inside her, she felt it pulse, felt the stream of hot cum splash against the walls of her pussy. She cried out her own orgasm triggered by the feel of his cum filling her pussy. She tensed squeezing him as her mind exploded in white light her orgasm racing through her body. Her body shook in aftershocks as she felt each stream of cum pumping into her, filling her.

He collapsed on to her, kissing her softly, gently now. She returned his kiss, teasing his lips with her tongue. He stood, pulling his pants up and then pulling her to him. "mmmmmmmmm, I think that was more than worth the price of a plane ticket", he whispered into her ear.

"I'm just glad my stranger was you," she whispered. "Now maybe you could find your way to my hotel. I think I have an idea of how to spend the rest of the day, before my meeting. Then the evening will be all ours."