 Some years ago, I had to travel to Europe on a business trip. Unfortunately, because the trip came suddenly, I had to make do with whatever seat assignment I could get, since the flights to Europe at that time of the year are very full. I was lucky to be able to get a seat in the last row of the plane. As it turned out, it wasn't so bad, because I got the aisle seat and it was actually slightly behind the rows in the middle section of the plane.

When I got to my seat, I found that it was a two-seater, while all the other seats along the sides were 3-seaters. A very pretty young woman was sitting in the window seat on my left. It was a bit chilly in the cabin, and so she had this blanket covering her. She smiled at me, and watched me as I put my stuff away and sat down. 

After I had settled down, I turned to her and offered my hand. "Hi, I am Russell Taylor. Are you going to Frankfurt also?"

The young woman shook my hand, nodded, and said, "Hello. My name is Katrina. Katrina Schiller. Are you going for business?"

I nodded and asked her the purpose of her trip.

"Oh, I am returning home. I was visiting my relatives in Los Angeles. Your country is so big. It is very nice."

"Yes," I said, "but big is not always better. I personally like things small, because there is a more community feeling in the people. People are more friendly with each other. In big cities, no body cares about anyone else."

"Well, that could be, but I did not find it so here. People were very friendly with me."

"That's because you are a beautiful young lady"

She blushed, and smiled. "Thank you."

After we were in the air, and the seat belt sign was turned off, Katrina excused herself to go to the bathroom. 

"Please don't get up. I can slide out." She removed the blanket and got up. I couldn't believe how sexy she looked. She had a tight cream-colored turtleneck sweater and a grey woolen skirt. As she slid across my face, I had a good view of her shapely buns and the narrow waist. I smiled to myself. This was going to be a very nice flight indeed.

Soon she was back and again she slid across toward her seat, except this time she was facing me. There was a slight turbulence just at that moment, and she stumbled forward as she slid across. Her breasts brushed across my face, as she tried to recover her balance. After she had settled down, she turned to me and apologized for her clumsiness. 

I told her not to worry about it. That kind of broke the ice, and we had a nice and friendly conversation until dinner was served. I found out to my delight that she was single, and a student. She was 22, and lived with a girlfriend in an apartment in Frankfurt. She wrote her address and phone number and gave it to me.

"Please call me. My school does not start until one more week. So I am free. I would be glad to show you around."

After dinner, Katrina excused herself again. I got up, and decided to take a walk down one aisle and up the other, to stretch my legs. When I got back, Katrina was back in her seat, her hair combed into a bun, and looked as if she had freshened up. She found her blanket and pillow, and settled down to sleep. I wasn't sleepy at all, too excited to be sitting close to this gorgeous woman. She pushed her seat back in the reclining position, and closed her eyes. Soon she was fast asleep. After a while, her head rolled to one side, and came to rest on my shoulder. A few loose strands of hair from her head tickled my cheek. I turned to brush the hair away. My fingers touched her cheek. She made a faint sound, and snuggled closer, resting her head squarely on my shoulder. 

I pushed the arm rest between our seats back out of the way so that she could be more comfortable. I slipped my left hand behind her, so that I could support her head without getting cramped. Katrina opened her eyes, and smiled.

"Thank you. I hope you don't mind. This is very comfortable." She adjusted her blanket and closed her eyes again. The cabin lights suddenly became dim. They were about to start the movie. I looked around. Most of the people were getting ready to sleep, or watch the movie. Our seat was slightly behind all other seats, and so Katrina and I were somewhat isolated from anyone's casual glance.

After a few minutes, I shifted slightly, and turned to face her. I was feeling sleepy also. I pulled the edge of her blanket and partially covered myself. Katrina moved closer. I could feel the pressure of her breasts against my chest. I put my right arm around her waist, and closed my eyes. I couldn't sleep because I was extremely aware of her breasts pressing against me, and her sweet fragrance was driving me crazy. So I just held her close, enjoying the warmth of her body. 

After a while, she turned and shifted around. Now her back was towards me. She snuggled closer, pressing her bottom against me. In that position, her left breast came to rest squarely in the palm of my left hand which was still behind her. She seemed to be asleep. I let my fingers encircle the curvature of her firm breast, and cupped it. Gently I squeezed the flesh, enjoying the thrill of caressing this beautiful woman.

Katrina moaned softly and wiggled her body against me. I could feel her hips pressing against my thigh. I turned towards her, pulling the blanket to cover us completely. With my right hand, I encircled her waist, and pulled her back against me. She wiggled her hips, pressing herself against my unmistakable hardness. 

I was aroused. I could feel the pressure of my hardening cock against the confinement of my pants. With my right hand, I tried to loosen up my pants so that my cock would be more free to move. Then I adjusted myself in the seat and cuddled up to her. My cock was now pressing gently against her butt, just enough to make contact without disturbing her.

Katrina shifted a little and reached down to adjust her skirt. Her fingers brushed my hardness. She paused, and slowly began exploring the object her fingers had encountered. She quickly turned to look at me, and said, "You are excited."

Caught by surprise, I fumbled to pull my hand off her breasts as she sat up, pulling her blanket over herself.

"I am sorry. I couldn't resist."

Katrina looked at me for a moment. Her hand was still on my hardness. She pressed it gently, and said, "It's all right. It felt good."

"You are not offended?"

"No. I am flattered that you find me attractive."

"I am terribly attracted to you."

"I need to go to the bathroom. I should not have taken that coffee after dinner. It always makes me go to the bathroom all the time. Excuse me."

She took her purse and slid across without getting up, pressing her butt against my hardness. She smiled at me and said, "I will be back."

I was beginning to feel a slight ache because of the awkward angle of my cock in the confinement of the underwear. I pushed my hand inside the pants, and adjusted the position of my cock so that it would be free to move more easily. Just then, Katrina returned. She gave me a sweet smile, and said, "Now I feel better."

We pulled the blanket over us, and she snuggled closer, facing me. I put my arm around her waist, and pulled her towards me. She came willingly, and I kissed her on the lips. She opened her mouth, and I pushed my tongue in, tasting her sweetness. It was electrifying. My body responded instantaneously to her. Instinctively, I reached for her breast, and found to me great surprise that she had removed her bra. Her warm flesh came alive in my hands, and I could feel it tingle under my touch even through the thin fabric of her turtleneck.

"Surprised?," Katrina asked, breaking the kiss.

"Yes. Thank you. I appreciate your trusting me like this."

"I am also attracted to you. You are a handsome man. The cabin is dark. No one can see us. So why not take advantage of it?"

"I agree," I said, pulling her back in my arms and kissing her hard. She pressed herself against me, and taking my hand in hers, guided it under her dress. My fingers touched the soft skin of her belly as they traced their way up towards her twin globes. She moaned and pressed her lips harder against mine as soon as my fingers cupped her succulent flesh and squeezed it. Her nipples stood out hard against my palm as I caressed her, exciting her with every move. Katrina kissed me hard, pushing her tongue all the way in my mouth.

My cock was throbbing hard. I took her hand and placed it on it. Katrina broke the kiss, and whispered, "My God. You are so hard already."

She pulled the zipper down and pulled the cock out. It was throbbing and it was hot. She squeezed it hard, and said, "It is so big. It feels very good."

Katrina fondled my cock, caressing it gently and pumping its length slowly. I was in heaven. Her fingers were driving me out of my mind. I squeezed her breasts and played with her nipples, kissing her hard on the mouth. She took my hand and pushed it down to her leg. I caressed her thigh, pulling her closer to me. She guided my hand under her skirt, and opened her legs. I reached up between her legs, and found my mark. My fingers brushed over her mound, covered with silken soft hair. She had also removed her panty. She lifted one leg up, giving me more room. My fingers touched her love lips. She was already wet. 

She moaned as I began exploring her wetness. My fingers sought and found her clitoris. Katrina moaned again, and whispered softly, "Please don't stop. It feels very good." She began squeezing my cock, pumping it slowly. We were already panting, eager for a release. I inserted my finger inside her passage, and started finger-fucking her. She bucked against my hand, and pumped my cock. It was so hard and throbbing so much that I thought we would wake up the whole cabin with our wild movements. I told her to slow down.

Katrina nodded, and said, "I am sorry. You have excited me so much. But I have an idea." 

She turned her back to me, and said, "Let's sleep like this. You turn to me and hold me tightly."

I wasn't sure what she had in mind, but I found out very quickly. Katrina raised her skirt to her waist and pressed her butt against my cock. She angled herself such that the cock slipped between the cheeks and made contact with her pussy. I adjusted myself, and lifting her leg, pressed forward. Katrina reached down and guided my cock in. With one swift motion, she had pushed herself against it. The cock slipped in effortlessly. Then she pulled the blanket over us, so that we were completely covered. Reaching for my hand, she whispered, "Now it will be okay."

I slipped my left hand under her and reached inside her turtleneck to grasp her firm, succulent breast. Katrina guided my right hand to her mound. I found her clitoris, and began caressing it, as she slowly bucked against my shaft. Her cunt was tight, especially at that angle. I was so aroused that I knew I would explode with a great force inside her. She pressed my fingers on her clit, and whispered, "Rub me harder. I am so close."

Just as we both reached orgasm at the same time, one of the flight attendants came strolling by, checking on the passengers. We were so intent on our lovemaking that we didn't hear her at all. She saw us locked in each other's arms, and stopped. Katrina pushed back with a convulsive force against my cock as she reached her climax. All this movement caused the blanket to slip off, exposing our naked union to the flight attendant. She stood transfixed, watching us writhe in the throes of our powerful orgasms. Katrina's eyes were closed. She let out a deep moan as her body shuddered. I became aware of the watching eyes, and struggled to cover up. 

Katrina opened her eyes, and saw the flight attendant watching us with her mouth open. She quickly pushed her skirt down and covered herself. I tried to push my wet cock inside the pants, but it started erupting right at that moment. I looked at the flight attendant sheepishly, and smiled, trying to stuff the sticky, wet cock back in the pants.

She gave a salute, and leaned forward.

"I have never seen anything like this before. You must have been quite horny to try and pull off something like this in a crowded plane. You are soaking wet. Let me get you some napkins. Please clean up and go to sleep. I don't want you to disturb other passengers."

"Yes, ma'am," I said in an embarrassed tone, as she walked away with a faint smile on her face.

Katrina sat back in her seat, and buried her face in her hands. 

"I am so embarrassed," she said.

"Why? The flight attendant didn't mind. I am sure she enjoyed watching us. Are you okay?"

"Yes. How about you?"

"I'm fine. It was lovely. Thanks."

"You are welcome. Tonight we do it properly. Please stay with me when we get to Frankfurt."

"Sure. It will be my pleasure." I said, overjoyed. Katrina turned away from me, and cuddled up. I put the blanket over her, and kissed her on the head. Then I slipped out of my seat, and went looking for the flight attendant. 

I found her in the galley at the back of the plane. She gave a big smile when she saw me. 

"Look, I am sorry," I started, looking for her name tag. She held up her hand and said, "I am Angela. Don't apologize. I understand. Your girlfriend is quite a sexy lady."

"She is not my girlfriend. We just met on this flight."

"Really? Do you always work so fast?"

"Well, not always. It just happened. I just wanted to say I appreciate your understanding the situation."

She looked at me, and her eyes wandered over me, and stopped at my midriff. With a smile on her lips, she said, "Have you looked at yourself? Your pant is soaked."

I looked down to find a large wet spot in the front, covering the crotch area. I could still feel the fluid oozing out of my cock, since my orgasm had been so unexpectedly interrupted. My cock started to get hard again with the knowledge that Angela was looking at it. I looked up at her. She had turned away to remove her flight jacket and was hanging it up in the closet behind her. Now I could see her well-endowed figure, and realized that she was quite a stunner herself. My cock continued to rise. Angela turned around and saw me watching her. She momentarily looked away, and then looked back at me.



"Are you hungry?"

"What?"

"Well, after all that exertion....."

"Now that you mention it, yes. What have you got?"

She looked sharply at me, when she realized that the way I said it had a double meaning. She quickly stole a glance at my crotch and saw the bulge. She looked at me with a faint smile, and said, "I didn't think you would be. You just had dinner."

"Well, let's just say that my dessert was interrupted."

Angela started laughing. "You are quite direct, aren't you?"

"I find that it's the best way. And I don't see that you mind."

"Well, no. Many passengers flirt with me, but you are the first one to do it so visibly," she pointed at my crotch.

"That's just my way of giving you a compliment. You are very attractive."

"Thank you. I don't think we have any food, but I could give you some juice if you like."

"Really? It would be awkward, don't you think? There's not much room here."

Angela blushed a deep shade of red, and punched me in the chest. "Don't be so brash. I meant fruit juice."

"Oh, sorry," I said, laughing. "Okay, I'll have some orange juice. Why don't you join me also?"

She poured the juice in two glasses, and offered one to me. I took her hand in mine, and said, "To our new friendship, Angela. My name is Russ."

She nodded, and drank her juice. Her eyes never left my face, as if to see what I might do. I finished my juice and handed her the glass. 

She turned towards me after putting the glasses away. "Was she good?"

"Who? Oh, you mean Katrina. Yes. She is very sexy. And so are you."

Angela smiled and said, "Thank you. I still can't get figure out how you managed that feat in such a cramped space."

"Well, I don't either. May be you should just try it some time."

Angela laughed, and said, "And I suppose you would volunteer to participate in such an experiment."

"With great pleasure," I said, laughing with her. 

"I'll keep that in mind. Now go back to your friend before she gets suspicious."

"There is nothing between us."

"I am sure you will see her again very soon."

"That's true. Would you like to join us for dinner in Frankfurt?"

"No, I can't. But I am free for lunch."

"Lunch it is, then."

"I would like that. Where are you staying in Frankfurt?"

I gave her my hotel address. She promised to meet me at the hotel at noon. Then she took out a couple of moist Turkish napkins and handed them to me. 

"You better clean up somehow. The stain is quite visible. Hopefully it will be less so in the morning."

I laughed, and taking a chance, pulled her in my arms. She did not resist. I kissed her hard on the mouth. As I pushed my tongue between her lips, she pressed herself against me. Then she pushed me away.

"You had better return to your seat before someone shows up."

Angela disappeared down the aisle. What happened next will have to wait for another time. But it will be worth the wait, because.... let's just say that Katrina showed up unexpectedly during my lunch with Angela in my hotel room.

************

This is a work of fiction, and any resemblance to any person is purely coincidental. The contents of this story may not be reproduced, transmitted or used, either in whole or in part, for any commercial purposes. If you have any comments about the story, please write. Thank you.