 I watched her sitting with her boyfriend in the boarding area for a transatlantic flight to Paris. Her slight, athletic frame was barely covered by a cotton top that left her tanned midriff exposed under the shade of her pert, overhanging breasts. My eyes followed her legs up from her toes to the point where her short skirt tantalizingly covered the reason for the visual trip and was achingly disappointed that the goal was unfulfilled. That's okay I grinned, its the journey, not the destination, right?

After fantasizing for a couple of minutes, I noticed that her boyfriend was paying more attention to his phone than her and the frustration was clearly evident on her face. Despite this, she seemed resigned as if this was nothing unusual in their relationship. Damn, I thought, what an idiot! I don't even know her and I'm having trouble keeping my eyes off her beautiful body. I'd have trouble keeping more than my eyes off her if she were mine. What a waste.

I went back to my fantasizing and a few minutes later we started boarding. I couldn't believe my luck that my seat was right across the aisle from her. Her boyfriend took the window and immediately went back to his phone. I smiled at her as I took my seat and she returned the smile, which forced me to sit down quickly because the erection I had been nursing over the past few minutes suddenly swelled to prominence. I kept glancing her way as often as I felt I could without sending a creepy vibe. It might have been my imagination or more likely just wishful thinking, but I occasionally felt her eyes on me as well.

This was going to be a 10 hour flight that would arrive early the next morning, so it wasn't long before the flight crew dimmed the lights of the cabin so people could try and sleep. I don't sleep well on planes, so I put on my headphones to listen to an audiobook. A couple of hours later, I saw some movement out of the corner of my eye and turned my head slightly to see better. I couldn't believe what I saw! The gorgeous woman across the aisle had her eyes closed like her sleeping boyfriend and a blanket covering her lap. What had caught my attention was the movement under the blanket. It was slow and gentle, but I could tell that she was masturbating.

I felt that I should look away from this private moment, but to hell with that! I had to adjust my erection (I wanted to do more than that, but...) so I shifted in my seat and her eyes opened at the noise. Our eyes met and I was ready to apologize, but she grinned and kept her hand moving and it seemed to me that it started moving a little faster and more urgently as I watched her. Now my cock really needed an adjustment!

Her breathing became rapid and a quiet gasp escaped her lips as her body trembled. She closed her eyes for a moment as she got her breathing back under control and then opened them to stare at me. I wasn't sure what to do, but she apparently had something in mind. She removed the blanket and quietly got up from her seat. Facing me, she crooked her finger in a come hither motion and proceeded to walk down the aisle to the middle set of bathrooms.

I gave her a few seconds head start and followed. She paused at one of the doors, looked around to ensure no one but me was paying attention, and entered. When I reached the door, it was ajar and I entered. She was sitting on the toilet lid with her legs spread apart. She had removed her panties and I had a full view of her pussy inside her short skirt, exactly what I had dreamed of seeing earlier in the boarding area. I shut and locked the door, standing in front of her with my crotch at her eye level just a few inches away from her face.

Without a word, her hands reached out and undid my pants and let them drop to the floor of the small space. She looked at my hard cock and licked her lips with a feral look in her eyes. I watched her mouth open slightly and dip down to engulf the head of my penis. Her tongue swirled around the tip and flicked the small opening. I was in heaven and couldn't believe this was happening. After a couple of minutes, she stopped and leaned back to pull her top over her head and I saw her gorgeous breasts.

I reached out toward her head and guided it back down to my cock. This time I began to thrust into her mouth and was pleased that she was able to take most of it deeply. My hand not on her head holding it in place while I fucked her face reached down to cup her breast and fondle her nipple, which quickly became hard. I noticed that she had her fingers rapidly dipping in and out of her sopping wet pussy. All this was too much and I felt my balls tighten and cum rise. I thrust once more and buried my cock as deep as I could in her mouth and let loose with a torrent.

She kept most of my cum in her mouth and looked up at me as she swallowed, but some dripped out of her lips and she reached up with the fingers that had been in her pussy and wiped it back into her mouth along with her fingers and licked them clean.

I was still as hard as a marble statue, so she stood up, dropped her skirt, and turned around, presenting me with an unobstructed view of her perfect ass. She leaned forward and placed her hands on the opposite wall like she was ready to be frisked. So I did. I reached down and slipped my fingers past her pussy lips into her vagina and played with her clit. She shuddered with another orgasm.

Looking back at me over her shoulder with a glazed look in her eyes, she said, "Fuck me. I need your cock inside me right now." I positioned myself and guided my member into her cunt and buried it deep like I had done in her mouth moments before. I drove in and out of her and she moaned with pleasure.

After a few minutes, she reached between her legs and took ahold of my member as it was leaving her pussy and moved her hand until my cock was positioned at her asshole. "I'm ready to cum again and I want your load in my ass," she said.

I pushed my cock gently past her sphincter and began to move back and forth slowly until her muscles relaxed, then picked up speed. The entire time she was rubbing her clit and moaning. This new experience was very erotic and the tightness was unbelievable, so it didn't take long for either of us. I grunted as I buried my cock again and granted her wish of emptying my cum deep inside her ass.

Afterward, she turned around to sit down again and surprised me by taking my cock back in her mouth and licked and cleaned it completely. If I'd had any more cum in my balls, I would have exploded again with such an lewd and forbidden act. We dressed and went separately back to our seats.

She arrived after me and when she sat down, her boyfriend was awake and started complaining that he hadn't known where she had been. She apologized and taking his face in her hands, gave him a long, passionate kiss with the mouth that had just been around my cock. She leaned back into her seat and smiled at him while laying the discarded blanket over his lap. Her hand snaked under the blanket and began to rub his crotch, which seemed to help his mood. It didn't take him long after she unzipped his pants and took him directly in her hand. I couldn't blame him though—I knew how good she was!

He left to make his own trip to the bathroom and clean up. She leaned across the aisle and gave me a piece of paper with her number and address of the hotel where they were staying for the next two weeks, mentioning that her boyfriend would be occupied with business a few hours every day. The look that she gave me over her shoulder later as we left the plane was filled with memory and the promise of more.