 Sunday

Tim was close enough to inhale the wonderful fragrance- slightly sweet, slightly musky, and totally intoxicating. Moisture glistening on the expanding petals, giving the wonderful impression of freshness and vitality-all this he took in as the gentle, insistent pressure on his back and shoulders brought him closer and closer. "Yes," thought Tim, "I'm really going to enjoy eating this pussy."

The pressure on his back was produced by a pair of very sexy, silk-encased thighs and calves belonging to an absolute goddess of a flight attendant. Her name was Cheryl, and she had made Tim's flight to his week-long conference a joy. Small touches, extra attention, sexy looks-all made Tim feel special, especially since they were delivered by a woman who was obviously proud of her well-rounded body. Her tits sat proudly on her chest; he guessed them to be a full c-cup; her waist curved in enough to draw attention to her hips, which were firm, well-rounded, and bounced slightly as she walked. Her black silk stockings whispered as she walked, letting Tim know that her thighs were full and ripe. 

Those thighs and calves were drawing Tim inexorably closer to the flower-like pussy he was so intent on cherishing with his mouth. Just a little closer-tongue out, inhale.......

"Mr. Allen. Mr. Allen, wake up. We're ready to land. Let me help you with your seatbelt," said Cheryl, as she leaned down to fasten Tim's seatbelt around his waist. Her hand inadvertently grazed his erection, which brought him fully awake and staring down her blouse at her delectable breasts. Tim blinked and realized he had been dreaming, sporting an erection like a horny teenager.

Having finished her work, Cheryl left him and seemed to give her ass an extra swing as she strode down the aisle. Upon landing, Tim made his way leisurely to the front of the plane, hoping to tell Cheryl how much he enjoyed the flight, but she was nowhere to be seen. Slightly disappointed, he claimed his bag and hailed a taxi.

The conference hotel was near the center of the city, and when Tim checked in, he was pleasantly surprised to find that his room was on the second floor, and had two king-sized beds. After hanging his clothes and sorting his toiletries, he changed into a casual shirt and pair of slacks, planning on having a drink before dinner in the hotel dining room.

The hotel bar was pleasant enough, and the barmaid made Tim very comfortable. One drink turned into two and Tim, noticing his buzz, realized he was here for work and not play. He left the sexy barmaid a very generous tip and made his way through the lobby towards the dining room.

Passing near the registration desk, Tim saw Cheryl sitting in one of the chairs with a distraught look on her face. He approached and called her name, "Cheryl?"

She looked at him with a pair of puffy eyes that said she had been crying, and stood as he got close.

"Oh, Mr. Allen. I'm so glad to see you! They seem to have lost my reservation. I stay here frequently when I have a few days off, and this has never happened before. I don't know what I'm going to do. Every room here is booked by your conference," she said, finally pausing to catch her breath. 

Tim took a moment to digest all she had said and offered a suggestion. "I know you haven't had time to eat," he said. "Let's get some dinner and see if we can figure out a plan."

They entered the restaurant and were seated quickly. After making their dinner choices, Tim said, "Look, without trying to be anything but helpful, my room has two king-sized beds. You are welcome to sleep on the extra bed, and I can attend my meetings and you can enjoy your vacation. If you don't mind being seen with and old man, we may even be able to go to dinner together one night."

The smile that spread across Cheryl's face said it all. "I don't know what to say. That's the sweetest thing anyone has ever done for me. Are you sure your wife won't mind?" she asked. 

Tim explained that he was a widower, and soon, he and Cheryl were talking and laughing like old friends. Cheryl made sure to touch his hand, or occasionally graze his leg with her calf. They ate leisurely and, as she became more comfortable, Cheryl opened up about herself. She was from a small town, had trained with the airline straight out of high school, and had been working with them for ten years. She had married a mid-level airline executive, but her schedule was not to his liking, so the marriage had ended five years ago.

The waiter made them aware that it was closing time, and after some gentle persuasion, Tim let Cheryl pay for their dinner. He took her bag and was waiting for her at the door of the restaurant. They took the stairs to Tim's room, and Cheryl made herself at home rather quickly. She took her toiletries and pajamas into the bathroom and Tim soon heard the shower. Evidently more tired than he expected, he got into his sleep trousers and crawled into his bed, setting his watch alarm. Almost immediately, the hum of the shower lulled him to sleep.

Monday

When he awoke the next morning, Cheryl was sound asleep and he tried not to wake her. He showered, dressed, and left a note for her to call him when she awoke, leaving his personal cell number. The conference provided breakfast, and, although everyone had assigned seats, Tim saw that the intent was for the participants to get to know each other. He found himself sitting with two guys about his age, from similar-sized banks, and enjoyed the meal. The opening session proved interesting, and Tim was actually startled when his phone vibrated. "I'm awake! Going shopping!"

The lunch was along the same lines as breakfast, and Tim again sat with the same two guys. They had gotten back to work when his phone vibrated again. This time the message read, "4 ur I's only." Tim went to the bathroom and opened the picture accompanying the message. Cheryl had indeed been shopping and stood before the camera attired in a white lace choker with a black velvet ribbon, a sheer apron that barely covered the tops of her thighs, and shimmering white thigh-high hose. He could make out a white patch of material covering her pussy. Her breasts were larger than he had thought, and her areolas showed as dark circles through the sheer apron. Her nipples pressed against the front of the apron, creating small tents of sexy fabric. The caption read, "At your service."

He felt his cock spring to life, and realized he would have a hard time concentrating on the afternoon session, even though the material was interesting and professionally presented. Finally the session wound down and Tim declined the chance to grab a drink with his coworkers. He planned on grabbing something much hotter and softer. When he entered the hotel room, Cheryl was not to be seen. He heard water running in the bathroom and quietly peeked inside.

Cheryl was on her knees beside the tub, adjusting the water and adding scented soap flakes. Tim took in her almost bare back and ass, looking lustily at the curve of her spine as it joined her spectacular ass. Only the apron's neck strap and ties were visible, but remembering the white material covering her pussy in the picture, Tim looked further. Ah! There it was-a thin, white elastic string running up the crack of her ass and around her waist. Talk about sexy! Tim cleared his throat so as not to startle her.

"I heard you come in," she said, looking over her shoulder coyly. "Get undressed so I can give you a bath."

Tim, never slow to take a hint, was even quicker at taking orders from a nude seductress who obviously intended to fuck him silly. He was out of his clothes quickly, and slipped into one of the hotel's robes, leaving it open so his erect dick was visible. When he reentered the bathroom, Cheryl was facing the door, giving him the same visual he had on his phone. Just as he thought, her thighs were touching just below her cunt, and the opening was just where he wanted to put his extremely hard cock.

Cheryl curtsied and dropped her eyes, saying, "I have drawn your bath, Master. Are you ready for me to bathe you?"

When she looked up, she got her first look at Tim's eight-inch cock. Drawing her breath in, she said, "Oh Master! I had no idea you were so well endowed. I have my work cut out for me. I hope I can make you happy." She stepped forward and helped him out of the robe, allowing it to pool at their feet. Taking him by the neck, she pulled his mouth down to hers and kissed him deeply, slipping her tongue into his mouth and dueling with his tongue. Using her other hand, she felt his cock, and softly stroked it back and forth. Groaning as she pressed her voluptuous body into him, Cheryl instinctively knew this would be her best lover, and she intended to return the favor.

She gently humped her pussy into his thigh, as she led him towards the tub. "You have to get in to get your bath," she said, giggling.

"Get in with me," Tim urged, as he stepped into the tub.

"Oh, no! I have other work to do," Cheryl said, as she knelt on the floor beside the tub. They were at eye level, and Tim realized for the first time just how lovely Cheryl really was. Her eyes were hazel, with such dark centers that he felt he could drown in them. Her cheekbones were high and delicate, as was her nose. Her lips, which he had already sampled, were full and sensual. Kissing her again, he felt that he had fallen into a burning pit of unbridled passion. When they broke the kiss, Cheryl had a soft sponge in her hand.

"Master, I feel that you are trying to prevent me from performing my duty. I assure you that you will be pleased later," she said as she began to wash his body with a soft sponge and long, loving strokes. She wrapped it around his aching cock and jacked gently.

"You must let me know if I don't do something right. I don't want to be punished," she said.

"Oh you're doing everything right. I assure you, punishment is not in your future," said Tim, as he reached out and rubbed her right breast with his wet hand. Immediately, the material of the apron around her breast was transparent. Liking the effect, Tim wet his hand again and rubbed her left breast, this time taking the opportunity to pull her nipple.

"Ohhh, Master! You're being very naughty. I have to get you bathed and fed before I can finish my duties," Cheryl said breathlessly. 

There was a knock on the door and a voice said, "Room service." Cheryl got up to answer it, her sheer apron clinging to her erect nipples. Tim took the opportunity to follow her with his eyes, and realized he was looking at an absolutely perfect ass. No tan lines showed on the picture perfect twin globes. They were full, ripe, and fucking gorgeous! Jennifer Lopez's ass could be no better! "You have a perfect ass," he said quietly.

She looked over her shoulder and said, "You're sure it's not too big?" She turned so that her body was in profile.

Tim, looking at her proud breasts, straining against the apron top, her flat stomach, her ass that seemed to be built on a shelf, and her legs encased in white silk, simply said, "You're perfect in every way."

The waiter brought in the food and Tim took the opportunity to get out of the tub and put his robe on. The waiter caught his eye on the way out and gave him a thumbs up. When he entered the room, he saw that Cheryl had closed the drapes and lighted several candles around the room. The soft light enhanced the fact that she had taken off her apron and stood before him, silhouetted in the soft candle light, wearing only her g-string, choker, and hose.

She had placed the food and wine on a low table on one side of the room, and indicated the pillows on the floor for him to sit on. Before he sat, she stood behind him and removed his robe, taking special care to rub his back and hips with her prominent breasts and nipples, planting tiny, sexy kisses all over his back and shoulders. Finally putting her hands on his shoulders and urging him to sit, she said, "I don't think you'll need oysters to keep your dick hard, but that's what I ordered, just in case. Anyway, I know how horny I get when I eat them, so if you don't want any, I'll put them to good use."

Keeping her hand on his shoulder, she stepped in front of him and stood open-legged so that her pussy was inches from his face. Tim could smell the heady aroma of sex, and wanted to press his face into her pussy. Cheryl obviously read his mind and said, "Look what you do to me," pulling the transparent white g-string up so that it slipped inside her outer lips. They glistened with moisture as she gently massaged her clit with the fabric.

"I'm relatively inexperienced when it comes to sex. My husband was a straight to the good part, get off, and roll over type of guy," she said. "Although, I did get some help later," she said, as an afterthought.

"Well," said Tim thoughtfully. "I've never had any complaints, but my experience is limited." He couldn't stand it any longer and put his arms around her hips, pulling her to his face. He licked the lips around the bunched up cloth, and grabbed two delightful handfuls of ass. Massaging Cheryl's magnificent ass and licking her succulent pussy only made his dick even harder. She noticed how big and purple the head was and said, "I don't know if I can handle one that big. My ex only had about four inches, and it certainly wasn't that big around!"

Tim stopped licking and looked up into her eyes, saying softly, "I'm sure you can handle it. You just need to be prepared properly."

"Well, the first thing we need to do is eat these oysters," she said as she knelt beside the table. "I hope you like your aphrodisiac raw, like pussy!" she said giggling, as she lifted one of the oyster shells from its bed on the ice and fed the slick meat to Tim. He swallowed the oyster, and reached out to feed one to Cheryl. She swallowed everything in one gulp and grinned at him seductively. "I think raw oysters are sooo sexy," she said, as she fed him another.

"I can't imagine anything any sexier than being fed raw oysters by a naked, sexy woman," replied Tim, as he put another one to her lips. This time, she tilted her head back and when Rick poured it into her mouth, he could see her throat muscles contracting as it slid down her throat. "What else can you do with those throat muscles?" he asked, thinking how they would feel around his cock.

"I guess we'll have to see won't we?" she replied, as she put an oyster in her mouth. Drawing his mouth to hers, she slipped the oyster from her mouth to his and reached down to rub the precum off the head of his cock. Tim almost choked and she got up to get him a glass of wine. When she returned, she had taken off her g-string and choker. She stood before Rick clad only in her shimmering, silky white hose. Her breasts heaved with every breath, and her pussy was leaking moisture down her thighs. 

As Tim took the wineglass from her and drank, she spread her feet and picked an oyster out of its shell. Cupping her other hand, she caught the juice and held it to Tim's mouth. He lapped it out of her palm, taking extra care to completely clean it. Cheryl then took the oyster and, instead of putting it in her mouth, gently slid it along her pussy lips and fed it to Rick. "Does that improve the taste?" she asked.

"Oh, definitely," said Tim, as he emptied the wineglass.

Getting her own glass of wine, she emptied it quickly and with an impish grin said, "You're trying to get me drunk and take advantage of me, aren't you?"

"I'd much prefer you sober, but I will admit to entertaining thoughts of taking advantage of you," said Tim, getting up from the floor and taking Cheryl in his arms.

When they kissed this time, Tim was in control. He placed a hand behind Cheryl's head and held her to his mouth, using his tongue as a fencer uses his sword. He licked, he thrust, and he dueled with her tongue, all the while mauling her tit with his other hand. When he reached her nipple and pulled it, she moaned into his mouth and pressed her body even closer. He could feel the curve of her hips as they melded into his, pressing his cock between them, the head touching her navel. 

"I've never felt a dick that big. Will it go that far up my little pussy?" Cheryl asked, feigning innocence.

"I don't know how far up it will go, but I assure you I'll put it in as far as I can. Then, when you're ready, I'll fuck you till you want me to stop, and just maybe you will enjoy it. I know I will," said Tim as he picked Cheryl up and laid her gently on the bed.

"This is your night," he said as he walked around the foot of the bed and climbed on the other side. "I want you to get as much pleasure as you deserve." Tim noticed the look in her eyes and said, "I told you I'd let you set the pace. You don't have to do anything until you're ready." He slid his hand down to feel her pussy and rubbed it. 

"See, you're not ready; let me help you out," he said, as he kissed his way down to her breasts and gazed lovingly at them. Even with Cheryl lying on her back, her breasts looked like missile nosecones-pointed towards the ceiling, flawless in shape and size, proportioned perfectly, and tipped with dark pink nipples that begged for attention. Tim was delighted to give those nipples plenty of attention, and as he began kissing one, he rubbed the other, rolling it between his thumb and index finger. After a few minutes, he switched, and Cheryl said huskily, "Does that tongue go any lower?"

Tim took the hint and slid lower on Cheryl's stomach, planting sexy, demanding kisses on her torso, navel, and the area just above her lips. She spread her legs and placed her feet flat on the bed. "How's that?" she asked.

He paused briefly, raising his head so that he could see her face between her breasts. "Have any of your lovers performed oral sex on you?" he asked.

"Certainly not my husband," she replied. "He just got his rocks off and left me to get my own help."

Tim wasted no more time. He slid further down the bed and looked at the glorious pussy staring him in the face. Remembering his dream on the plane, he said softly, "You remember when you woke me on the plane?"

She giggled, causing her tits to jiggle, and said, "Yes, why?"

"I was dreaming about this very moment-in fact, I was getting ready to eat your pussy when you shook me," he told her, moving closer to his goal.

"Well, from your hardon, I would have thought you were planning to fuck me!" she said. "I'll settle for that tongue right now though!" She slid her legs to his shoulders and gently urged him toward his goal.

Tim slid his hands under her asscheeks and pulled her closer. He could smell her arousal; he saw her moisture oozing down her engorged lips; he could feel the heat emanating from that perfect pussy. He began by licking her from top to bottom, not stopping until he had rimmed her asshole. Moving back up, he licked each lip individually, then gently nibbled on them with his lips.

"Oh, Tim! That's divine! Ooooh God! Don't stop!" she cried, as she neared orgasm. 

Tim slowed down, as he didn't want her to come too soon. He reached up and pulled her distended nipples, giving her something else to think about. He took her hands and placed them on her breasts. His tongue returned to her slit and he thrust in and out, like a dick. Cheryl was moaning, as she began to writhe on his face, pulling her nipples with abandon.

"Oh, damn Tim! It can't get any better than this! This feels so good! Tongue me to death and let me die happy!" she wailed.

Tim knew the moment he had been waiting for had arrived. He gently licked her clit, and as the initial shock hit her, he slid a finger into her cunt and massaged her g-spot. Then he nipped her clit with his lips and held on. She came, screaming loudly, and coating his face with cum, while holding his head to her pussy. Grinding into his face, she came again and moaned as she finally let him go.
