 Does passion have a limit? 

I contemplated this question as I stood outside of hotel room. It had been a month since I had seen Davis; a month since I had been uncharacteristically carried away in a fuck fest of which I had no understanding. He had coaxed out a woman I hardly recognized in myself when he took me so passionately. I had been demanding, yet demurred. I allowed Davis enough control to lead me to Nirvana, then followed my own urges so that I could crash back to reality like a burning meteor.

After giving and taking so much pleasure, I was now almost hesitant to enter the room for fear that my lover had only been a dream, a figment of my overactive, sex-starved imagination. I was both breathless with anticipation and paralyzed with unrealized fear.

The door opened with a unexpected whoosh. Davis carrying an ice bucket, seemed startled as he saw me standing there, obviously not expecting me to be standing there on the other side of the door just yet. 

"Val!" he exclaimed in genuine pleasure when he realized who I was. I was enveloped in a bear hug that was intended to be friendly and platonic. Hugging him back, the intense chemistry I remembered kicked in and relief poured over me when I realized that my hunger for this man had been no dream. Standing there in this platonic embrace only filled me with intensely lustful thoughts. 

My hands snaked up to his neck, pulling his head down for a deep kiss that conveyed to him all the desire I burned with.

I ended the kiss reluctantly, hoping to drag out the anticipation. "Hi Davis. God, I missed being in your arms." In answer to my breathless statement, I was held tighter, but this time the friendliness of his touch morphed almost imperceptibly. What had started out as a greeting, changed to a pressing of bodies very familiar with each other and his hands rubbed my back, electrifying my skin. 

There was no hiding our bodies' responses to our close proximity. The electricity that had held me spellbound to him at our last encounter was still strongly enticing me. He seemed to be experiencing a similar response because I could feel his hard-on ridged out against my belly as he pressed closer. My nipples responded in kind and poke out impishly through my thin summer dress. The lace bra under it did little to hide the fact they they were already standing at attention, begging for his tongue's attention.

"Wait," Davis said, pushing me away. "I didn't want to do this...I mean I do want it but, I didn't want to maul you the second you got here. I thought we could go out or do something fun, I don't know...um get a drink maybe?.. " The way his voice trailed off, I could tell as Davis was feeling as awkward as I had been just before he had opened the door. 

"Does passion have a limit?" his eyes seemed to ask me silently, revealing his own doubts. 

We had met a month ago, had experienced a weekend of limitless sensuality and erotic fucking. Could that possibly be the highest limit of erotic pleasure? I really hoped not. My confidence in myself, in my desire, and in our passion returned to me, and I decided to boldly find out the answer to this question— and find out sooner, rather than later.

"Do you really need me to beg for it, Davis?" I asked playfully, pushing him back into the room and closing the door. There was a large bed, loaded with fluffy white pillows and a white duvet covered comforter. 

For a brief moment, Davis didn't know how to respond, too stunned by my question. Then breaking out into a big grin, he smiled down at me from his foot high advantage and told me, "Yeah, my sexy Val. I want you to beg me for it." 

Dramatically, playfully, seductively, I splayed myself across the bed. My legs were spread, my short dress hiked up suggestively high on my bare thighs, my arms stretched out above my head, my pouting lips trembling as I purred out in my most sex-kitten-like drawl. "Davis, please, please come and fuck me. I've needed your throbbing cock so badly inside my wet pussy." I tried not to giggle from my antics. I failed.

Although Davis' eyes flared up with instant passion and he looked decidedly uncomfortable in his shorts, he shook his head at me. "No, Val. Sorry, I'm not convinced you want me very badly. I need a little evidence before I'll believe you."

"Oh. Umm...evidence?..okay, Davis," I said, adjusting my sexy pose on the bed so that I was kneeling on the bed in front of him. Holding his gaze, I reached down to the bottom of my little dress and in one motion, whipped it over my head. I was left kneeling there in my black lace bra and matching thong. My large, DD tits invitingly overflowed the demi-cups showing off the tan I had been working on. My mature curves were totally on display for his appreciative gaze.

Reaching for Davis' hand, I took his fingertips and ran the lightly over my taught nipples. The lace of the bra abraded the sensitive tips. 

"Feel the evidence of my puckered up nipples, Baby? Those tits want your tongue licking them. Go ahead, Davis, I dare you to test my hypothesis." 

Pushing me backwards, Davis lay on his side next to me, his fingers continuing to flick the nipple closest to him on his own. "Well let's see," he whispered to me as he leaned down, running his tongue over the tips, through the filmy, stiff fabric of the lace bra. Through the lace I felt his humid breath and hot saliva as his tongue laved my nipple again and again. His lips latched onto the hard pebbly nub, and he began to suck hard at it through the fabric. I moaned in pure delight when his teeth nipped lightly.

"Can I have you now, Sweetie?" I asked, slightly agitated from my growing desire. 

"No," Davis returned, shaking his head slowly, "I'm still not seeing enough evidence that you need this. Show me something else." Continuing his attention to my nipple, Davis otherwise lay passively at my side, daring me to get bolder as I demonstrated my desire. 

I reached again for his hand and guided it to the front of my black lace panties. I smiled a little when I heard Davis' quick inhalation of breath because lace hid so little. 

"What's this Val? Wet for me already? Maybe I see a little evidence. But I need more if I'm going to fuck you like you want me to. What now?" The challenge in Davis' playful banter was answered when I started circling his finger over my clit. Opening my legs more, I ran his finger over my soggy panties a few times. After a moment of this action I pulled his away, and brought his finger to his own lips.

"Taste my juicy pussy, Davis." I demanded. His mouth opened and he sucked his finger into his mouth. His eyes closed like a wine connoisseur would sampling a new, exotic elixir. His low moan revealed his appreciation. Taking his hand away from his mouth, Davis reached for my aching pussy again. Shamelessly I spread my legs for him so he could play at will.

"Fuck, Val," Davis groaned as he played with my pussy through the soaking lace panties. "You taste so sweet, but I think you need to experience it as well so you know I'm not just saying that." Removing his hand, Davis held up two of his fingers so I could taste myself. His fingers glistened with my wetness and I fell on them hungrily, sucking and licking them, tasting my own sweet juices mixed with his salty skin. The erotic act of doing this, as well as the oral pleasure I got from sucking his two finger, sent my excitement to a whole different level. 

"Davis," I purred coyly, "I know how to prove to you, without a doubt, that I want you to fuck me hard and long. Take off your clothes for me, Baby. Let me show you." After saying this, Davis didn't waste a second before he jumped up and shucked off his shorts and briefs in one quick motion and then swept his t-shirt over his head. In the mean time, I shimmied quickly out of my panties, not even needing to leave the bed. 

"Okay, Lover," I told him as he laid back down next to me, "let me begin proving to you how badly I need your cock inside me. Lay back, relax, and let Mama Val show you what you need to know." 

Grinning goofily at me, Davis did as I suggested. 

The first thing I did took Davis a little by surprise. I leaned up to where his head rested on the pillows, I gave him a brief but desired filled kiss before I shoved the crotch soaked panties into his mouth. His instinct was to reach up and remove them from his mouth, but before he could, I told him, "No Davis, please, taste my desire for you while I show you how much I need your cock." His hands returned limply at his side, his nostrils flaring as he breathed in my scent with every breath he took. His eyes mirrored the desire I was feeling.

I positioned my now totally naked body between his legs, my head near his straining cock. From the beginning our our acquaintanceship a month ago that cock impressed me. Maybe not the thickest or the longest I had ever taken into me, it was certainly the most perfectly formed cock I could ever remember. Its appeal lay in the way it glistened with precum, and how it jerked spontaneously at the first lick of my tongue. It's perfection came from the musky, male taste I savored as my lips wrapped around the mushroom-shaped, flared head of his dick. My tongue ran down appreciatively over bulging veins and velvety skin. My mouth was exquisitely filled with cock without being overwhelmed by it or straining my jaw painfully as it had in the past with some men. "True perfection," I thought as I began to greedily suck his cock with my own brand of lavish attention.

Davis groaned around the panties in his mouth and his hands came to the sides of my head, his fingers entwined in my short, black hair. For just a moment he'd hold me still as his hips would thrust up, deeply fucking my throat, but never quite making me gag. Pistoning my head over his straining cock, I glanced up at him. His eyes were focused on my every move. Our eyes locked, and I moaned my desire around the mouth full of cock. He responded with his own deep groan of pleasure.

His hands finally reached up to remove the lace panties from his mouth. Gently pulling away from my greedy mouth, he got up from the bed. I was slightly confused for a second when he used his arms to reposition me on the bed so that I was on my back, my head slightly over the edge. Then I knew when he wanted. 

Grabbing his own cock in his hand, Davis angled it so that it was over my face, heading for my open and waiting mouth. His dick touched the back of my throat, this time triggering my gag reflex because he was going so deep. But rather than pushing him away, my arms reached around his legs so that my hands could cup his ass, feeling it work as he throat-fucked me slowly, occasionally holding his cock deeply into my throat, cutting off my air supply for a second or two before backing off to fuck my mouth again. 

"Yeah, Val. You want my cock, don't you." It wasn't really a question, but rather a statement of fact. There was no way I could deny it, as my moaned out my pleasure with his cock in my mouth. I was overwhelmed with need for some of my own attention. Not able to take it anymore, my right hand reached down to touch my own plump pussy, lightly circling my clit. Davis looked down and saw what my fingers were doing. His movements came to an abrupt stop..

"Oh no sexy Val. You don't need to do that. Let me take care of you." With that Davis leaned over me, grabbing me by the hips and rolled us both over so that I was now laying on top of him, his head between my legs. He scooted his way up the bed so that he was almost fully supported. When his tongue reached up to lick my aching pussy, I almost sobbed out my joy and desire. My legs spread unabashedly for his dancing tongue. His hands grabbed my rounded ass cheeks and using his fingers, he opened my pussy lips up. I could feel his tongue slip and slide around the plump folds of my cunt and swirl around the hole, reaching as deep as it could go. 

I sat up a bit, resting my extended arms on his hard chest, leaning forward. At this point my legs had positioned themselves into a crouch over him so that my knees were on either side of his head. I couldn't help the grinding motion of my pelvis, forcing my clit into his mouth any more than I could stop the gasping, mewing sounds that came from throat when his lips clamped over it and sucked it between his lips hard. 

"Davis! Oh God, Davis! You're going to make me cum! Don't stop. Please, don't stop!" My voice was aching and whiny, my need so damn great. Davis didn't stop. Instead he arched his neck back and positioned me even more firmly over his mouth, his head thrashing back and forth, straining to taste ever bit of me. I was now grinding hard against his face, feeling his strong nose brushing back and forth over my clit as his tongue jabbed and twirled over my hot went cunt again and again. The moment my orgasm hit me, I felt the rush of my cum gush out. My movements stilled as waves of pleasure slammed me, but Davis's tongue didn't stop licking at me until I collapsed forward, my head resting on his belly. His hands stroking my back as I shuddered and shivered, gasping for breath.

"Yeah, Val, I think you finally convinced me that you want me to fuck you," Davis chuckled as he reached to wipe his face with his hand, evidence of my squirting orgasm still shining on his smile.

Davis allowed me a moment longer to calm my breathing. I was still draped inelegantly over his body, my cheek against his belly, my ass up near his face. Finally coming back to myself, I crawled off his body, righted my position and buried my face in his neck and cuddled up on his chest. I became like a kitten at dinner time, winding my body around his, begging for more of his attention. I purred and rubbed, nuzzled and clung. Davis allowed me to beg him for more with my body a moment longer before he moved into action.

In a flash, I found myself flipped over on my stomach, my ass positioned high in the air from pillows propped under my pelvis. My face turned so that it wasn't smashed into the bed. 

"Look at that ass," Davis murmured appreciatively as he slowly rubbed my rump. I felt a firm yet not-so-painful smack on my ass before he started rubbing it again.

"Damn it, Davis! I can't take your teasing anymore! Fuck me already!" My frustration was making me impatient and my voice sharp. Davis laughed but spread my legs open with his. 

"Is this what you want?" he taunted me playfully. He had pulled my pussy open using both hands while he rubbed his engorged cock over my hole, getting the tip wet with my abundant, natural lubrication. He pushed just the head of his cock inside, giving me only a taste of what I wanted so badly. Shallow, little teasing thrusts were followed by one deep, long drawn out dive into my cunt. I called out harshly, feeling the deep massage of his cock drawing back out. I needed more. Thrusting back as best I could, I took the cock back inside me. 

"Don't worry, Val," Davis breathed in my ear, "I'm not going to stop and I'm going to leave us both powerless to move, I promise you." With that, Davis positioned his legs on either side of my spread thighs and forced them closed. His dick was still inside of me, so the action forced me to tighten my pussy around him. Before fucking me, however, he moved a bit higher up on my ass, actually supporting his entire body on my own. I didn't notice the weight, because the position placed his cock directly against my g-spot. My eyes closed so that I could savor the intense feeling.

Davis began fucking me hard at that moment. My breathless cries started getting louder and louder. My long nails clawed at the sheets, desperately seeking...something, anything that could throw me over the edge into another orgasm. 

I began getting sweaty from having his hot body swallowing me up. My head felt like it was about to pop off. My mouth was dry. All tell-tale sign that my g-spot was about to careen out of control. 

"Now! Now! Now!" I chanted to Davis as he fucked me even harder than he had been. I screamed my release and felt a gush of hot cum shoot from my pussy, soaking every thing: Davis, me, and the bedding. 

I was still in the midst of the spasming orgasm when Davis quickly flipped me over to my back. Grabbing my left leg, he positioned it straight up in the air, supported by his right shoulder, forcing me to my right side slightly. From this extreme angle, my lover was able to gain the deepest penetration I could possibly imagine. He was so deep inside my cunt that I wanted to cry out from the exquisite pain. It wasn't pain I wanted to escape from, however. I wanted more and more. 

"Yeah, Baby," I encouraged him with my rambling words, "Fuck me deep. Fuck me, God it hurts so good. Hurt me more!" I didn't really have a conscious thought about what I was saying. I only knew I was experiencing overwhelming erotic and sensual pleasure. I somehow wanted Davis to feel the same intensity of sensation that I was. There were no words to help him understand and without a pussy of his own, there was no way I could help him feel it. 

"Give me your cum again, Val," Davis demanded and and I was helpless to deny him after he reached down to my clit, rubbing it. He continued fucking me deeply. I cried out desperately, yet again hitting the pinnacles of pleasure. Davis didn't even slow his thrusting, forcing me to ride out the orgasm.

But Davis wasn't done with me yet. He reached for my hand and placed it over my pussy, "Now you can rub it. Rub it, Val. Make it feel so good while I'm fucking you."

My fingers flew over my pussy in a way I knew would make me feel like heaven. Rubbing my clit with one finger in tiny circles, I toyed with myself. Davis reached over and started pinching my left nipple. The sobbing and cries that tore from my throat were uncontrollable. 

I looked directly into my lover's eyes and told him, "Now Davis. Cum in me now! Fill me up with you hot cum" 

Davis eyes widened when I said this to him, as though he wanted to fight my command but was unable to do so. I purposefully bore down with the muscles of my pussy with all my might, squeezing his cock inside me as tight as I possibly could.

Davis threw his head back, his eyes tightly closed in unadulterated pleasure. I could feel his cum shooting inside me and felt his cock pulsing uncontrollably at the base, where it stilled at the entrance of my grateful cunt. He gave a hoarse, deep moan, his entire body tense. He held that pose for several long seconds before I finally felt his muscles slowly begin to ease and relax. 

Heaving a final, deep sigh Davis dropped his head tiredly. He allowed my captured leg to drop back to the bed. 

The question from earlier had been answered. There are circumstances where passion is limitless.