 IV

o0o

"I know I will." These words tumbled from Vainamoinen's tongue in calm confidence as he stared down at her. Even if she had not come to know him over the last few months as a mentor and even friend, the certainty of his tone would have left her no doubt that he was a man of his word.

He leaned down, placing his instrument aside on a small rise of grass before he sat down within reach of her, glancing at her with clear blue eyes. "You would know what I might do to you." His gaze moved along her body, and she did nothing to retreat from the hunger she felt from his state. He reached out, lightly resting his hand on her shoulder. His hand was strong and warm, and she closed her eyes for a moment before looking back at him.

"I am not entirely unfamiliar with your body, Aino," he reminded her, his voice taking on a slightly lower pitch, taking on the thick edge of want. "Although this time, I would also make use of my hands and tongue. My breath warm on your skin... the side of your neck... the underside of your breast... around your navel..." His hand slid several centimeters forward, the tip of his fingers moving past the collar of her shirt. "The inside of your thighs... and your sweetest flesh. All this while, I would listen carefully to the sounds you make. As skilled at my kantele as I am, I am certain that I could elicit some lovely sounds from you. And of course, a kantele can not provide me the same pleasure your welcome would."

Aino's cheeks were pink as she imagined him doing exactly as he had described. His fingertips lightly stroked the side of her neck, and she leaned her head away slightly to grant him easier access. He tugged at the strings of her shirt, further loosening the collar and the opening along the top of the finely-woven linen.

With a careful tug, he slid the garment down her shoulder, revealing rosy skin with the lightest scattering of pale freckles along the ridge that connected her shoulder to collar. His hand was callused, but moved over her skin with a gentleness that very few, if ever anybody, had ever been privy to.

Her gaze, which had been unfocused for several moments during his explorations, turned back to him to focus on what the amorous sage was doing. She felt the gentle pressure of his fingers as they slid from her shoulder to graze along the top of her breast.

"Of course, that would only be the beginning," he finally said after several minutes of companionable silence. "The pleasure you brought yourself to before? Self-ministration does have its uses, but the climaxes are generally much more intense when brought about by a hand not your own... particularly a skilled one. And I would not stop at giving you just one. Or two, or three. As many as it takes to have you lay exhausted in my arms."

At that remark, Aino's gaze shifted to his groin, hidden under the drape of his shirt. "I suppose the woods are a lonely place," she replied, though there was no mockery in his tone. To emphasize the lightness of her comment, she lifted her hand to rest it on his folded knee.

"Better to be lonely than be burdened with a fool."

"You flatter me." She squeezed his knee, and he chuckled.

"After our time together, you should know I am not a creature given to idle flattery," he pretended to scold, his hand sliding from her breast, up her neck to cup the side of her face.

"Never did I call your flattery idle."

"There is that," he acknowledged, stroking her cheek with his thumb.

"Out of all the men who have ever attempted to woo me with words..." She smiled as she leaned her head into his hand. Her free hand reached up to rest on the back of his own, her fingers loosely curling around the side of his hand as she felt the flex of his wrist. "None could ever hope to be your rival." A faint smile crept across her face.

"Some of the things my suitors said to me, to try to seduce me..." She rolled her eyes. "Compared to what you just said, their words were just the babbling of little boys who barely know what a pussy is, much less what to do with one." Gently, she tugged at his wrist, guiding his hand from her face back down to her breast. He let her guide him. His touch, even presence, was causing her arousal to make itself known again. Even without music, there was no denying the mutual attraction between them, even though she'd refused to acknowledge her own until now.

His hand moved further down, pulling fabric down with it until a rosy nipple was revealed, already peaked. A slow intake of breath seemed to make her breast swell, filling his hand as he gently cupped the flesh.

"Vainamoinen..." His name came out in a sweet breath, and Vainamoinen smiled at this utterance of his name, drawing even closer to her, his free arm resting against hers. Carefully, he pressed his fingers and palm against her, kneading the breast and savoring its plump firmness. It'd been far, far too long since he'd had the pleasure of a female body to keep him warm and satisfied.

Leaning his head down, he placed kisses along the top of her breast, inhaling her scent. Sweat, straw, flowers, and something almost indefinable. He gave out a contented murmur as he felt soft skin against his lips, and she whispered his name again.

"Sweet Aino. You shall have what you need, and more." His lips moved up from her breast, trailing along her collarbone and nibbling her ear. A soft gasp met his ears as he felt a delicate shudder pass through her frame. "Learn from me, how a woman should take joy in pleasure."

"Much I have heard from my suitors how I should allow them to have a taste or touch of me. I've seen animals do it, and I even caught my brother once in the woods with a village girl. I am curious as to why people enjoy it so much, and seek it out, even when it causes trouble for them. Perhaps if you can show me..." Just after she said these words, she tilted her face up, allowing Vainamoinen to close the distance between their lips.

He kissed her, softly at first, then with a bit more intensity. He murmured longingly against her lips, his eyes closing, his thumb rubbing her cheek. Slowly, his hand slipped back into her blonde hair and his tongue parted her lips. He grasped her hair gently, leaning into the kiss, pressing his body against hers. He was fully erect once again, a fact that would be all too apparent as he leaned into her.

When he broke the kiss for breath, he looked into her eyes, his gaze intense. "I'll show you everything," he offered in a low whisper. Slowly, he moved from her lips to her neck, kissing along its side, his hands beginning to explore her body more aggressively. His kisses and nips were slow, sensual, and playful. Despite his longing to simply have her, he wanted to show Aino many of the pleasures he could offer. Of course, he'd save at least a few things for the next time.

In reciprocation, she lifted a hand, running it along his arm before letting it rest on his shoulder, feeling the muscles underneath. When she felt him press against her, she couldn't help but feel a bit smug. After the kiss was broken, she looked up into his ice blue-gray eyes, smiling faintly as she let her hand slide down his chest, before coming to rest on his thigh, very near his groin. As he started kissing down her neck, she let out a pleased moan, squeezing his thigh. Tugging at the hem of her shirt with her free hand, she exposed her breasts and belly, and he studied the sight before him, the pale belly and what lay lower.

He leaned into her touch, a murmur of pleasure rumbling in his throat. Slowly and skillfully he kissed and nipped at her neck, working his way down to where it met her shoulder. He kissed over the sensitive spot with purpose, his gaze rising to meet hers, his body shifting slightly to urge her hand toward his groin. His hands explored, moving to Aino's hips before sliding to her backside and giving it a firm squeeze. He nipped at her once again, gauging her reactions to his differing touches. Switching between slow and sensual, firm and aggressive, he hoped to discern just what got a rise out of the lovely young woman who was ready to welcome his attentions.

"You're beautiful," he murmured, breath warm against her neck, his voice soft and deep. The fingers curled, his hands ran gently up her back, teasing the skin with the barest hint of his fingernails.

For all his play and testing, Vainamoinen felt his heart racing and his patience slipping. He had yearned for this woman for so long now. He could've easily laid with others but instead he waited, seeking something that felt right. Now, while he wanted to see what sort of touch excited her, part of him also longed to simply slip his cock inside and pound her.

Her reactions to his touch made it clear what spots were most sensitive to her. When he lightly bit the area where her neck met his shoulder, a soft 'ohhhhh' purred past her tongue. When he squeezed her backside, she wiggled. When his hands slid under her shirt to touch her back, she shivered as he caressed the small of her back. She did not miss how he shifted, and her hand slid to his groin, feeling the considerable bulge there. She stared into his eyes for several moments, lightly cupping his groin before giving it a purposeful squeeze, his manhood straining fiercely against his pants.

"Mmm. I said that your music would draw the women of this land to your bed. Now with what I feel, I think you could put the men of this land to shame." She gave him a purposeful squeeze, feeling him twitch under his pants before she started to rub her palm against it, causing him to press against her hand even as his own hand slid along her side, caressing her mid-riff lovingly.

"Mmm," he moaned deeply, pushing his hard cock against her hand. "I care not about these other people or what they think of me. I want you." As he spoke his hands moved from her to quickly undo the claps of his robe, letting the fabric slide from his broad shoulders. As he did, she pulled her shirt over her head, and he paused for a moment to admire her. She raised an eyebrow at him, regarding him with a knowing tilt of her chin.

Aino studied him with open interest as he rose to his feet to make short work of his pants. He knelt before her side, his throbbing flesh gently swaying to and fro as he settled onto the grass. His hands slid to her breasts, massaging them as he took one nipple in his mouth, tongue flicking against the hypersensitized nub as she squirmed against him.

One of his hands slid down her belly to rest on her thigh. Aino parted her knees, her fingers tangled in his hair as he continued to enjoy her tits. His hand moved over to her moist opening, sliding his fingers along the slickness and hearing a sharp intake of breath. Taking his cue, he applied slow, even pressure to her outer folds with two fingers, seeing her toss her head back as she let out a soft whimper. Her other hand reached up to take hold of his beard, and he let out a small chuckle as she gave it a tight, involuntary tug when he slid a finger inside.

She clenched around him, and he wiggled it around before adding another finger.

"You're ready for me, hmm?" he asked gently as he curled his fingers within, feeling her clench again as she squirmed around. Releasing her grip on his beard, her hand roved around for several moments, traversing downwards until her fingers brushed against the tip of his erection. Finding her target, she wrapped her fingers around it.

"It's so... warm. And hard." She gave him a wondering glance.

"This is what you do to me," he retorted gently, pumping his hand against her more firmly.

"Well, there's hardly anything stopping you from having your way with me, hmm?" she challenged with a lazy smile, wiggling at him.

That was all the urging he needed. His hands moving to Aino's shoulders, he pushed the woman onto her back and climbed over her. Looking down into her eyes he grinned, his legs shifting to spread her knees apart. His hand reached down, grasping his cock, teasingly rubbing the head against the lips of her womanhood, his gaze lingering on hers. She shifted around to make herself comfortable, squeezing his hips with her thighs as she reached down with one hand to cup a breast and roll its nipple.

"I have one thing to ask of you. No man has ever had me, and your... endowment is considerable. Will you commence this with gentleness?" She sounded almost shy asking this, although her fingers still rubbed her nipple.

"Mm. Yes," he breathed as he took in the sight. "As I have said, I am a man of my word. I will bring you no harm." Shifting his hips, Vainamoinen slid the head of his aching manhood between her lips. His head tilted back, a low moan staggering from his mouth, how could he have forgotten how good a pussy could feel around his cock?

He needed her. Shifting further forward, he slid himself slowly and deeply into her, his hands moving up to grasp her hips as he did this. Easing forward from his knees, he slid into her, keeping his eye on her expression to assure her comfort. She'd winced a bit, but had made no bid for him to stop.

Once he was fully sheathed, he removed his hands from her hips and ran through the length of her hair when she propped herself up on her elbows. His lips found hers for a passionate kiss, his tongue slipping past her lips as his cock twitched within her moist tightness. Becoming aware of one of her hands against his face, he wiggled his hips, and received an enthusiastic moan into his mouth in response. He growled against her mouth, grasping her hair as he began to thrust.

o0o

It had hurt a bit at first, but she was eager to accommodate him, and wiggling against him brought pleasurable sensations for both of them. She arched against him, pressing her pelvis to his. The feeling of fullness was considerable, but once her muscles had stretched and relaxed to accommodate her lover, it was actually intensely pleasant in its own way.

:"Vainamoinen..." she moaned when he broke the kiss, feeling his hands in her hair. She picked up her own hands, running them along his back and sides, even through his hair on occasion, as she wrapped her legs around his middle. Around them, it was peaceful and quiet, with barely the sound of wind or an animal, a gentle breeze providing a pleasant contrast to the heat of their bodies as Aino slowly, purposefully wiggled against him

Her touches and wiggling made him moan, leaning into the attention as he pushed himself to fill her. More kisses followed, Vainamoinen's lips pressing to hers, her cheeks, and her neck. His hands released her hair, slipping beneath her body and grasping her shoulders from below. He pressed against her, feeling the warm softness of her breasts. His thrusts slowly sped up, becoming shallower at first, Vainamoinen watching and listening to insure that he wasn't being too aggressive for her first time. He nipped at her neck amidst thrusts, moaning hot breaths and seductive whispers against her skin. "Aino," he murmured, the silence of the clearing beginning to break with the sound of Vainamoinen thrusting deeply into her. "Mmm, Aino."

"Mm... yes. Harder..." Aino moaned, grinding against him, the time for slow gentleness long gone. She just wanted him to fuck her hard, and her behind wiggled against the grass as he pushed into her, filling her up again and again, feeling his beard and chest against her breasts as he rocked against her, his lips peppering her face and neck with kisses. "More... harder... please..." she gasped and moaned, reaching one of her hands down to her pussy, the other one still touching her lover, as she rubbed her clit, it felt far better to have his cock buried within her than her own fingers, and she knew she'd have more satisfaction this time. She rubbed her clit furiously as he rode her, crying out as she came.

Vainamoinen stared down at her, listening to her pleas. She wanted harder and he would give her harder. He shifted his legs apart, spreading hers further, allowing him to take her deep. He gripped her shoulders, plowing into her, the slap of his body against hers echoing on the night air. His fingers dug into her shoulders and his kissing gave way to hot breaths and moans, his muscles contracting and flexing as he thrust into her with a wild rhythm that had existed since the beginning of time.

"Mmm," he murmured with approval as her hand sought her clit, his thrusts intensifying yet again. "That's it," he urged, knowing what was coming, longing to feel the heat of her climax around his cock. His hands quivered against her when she came, clenching around him powerfully as she threw her head back. He moaned with her, though he was not yet done. Not by far.

He lingered in her for a moment, his thrusts slowing as she rode out her second orgasm of the evening. Once she was left with just the occasional aftershock, he slipped from her and moved his hands to her hips. Guiding Aino, he sought to put her on her hands and knees, certain she would trust in his urgings. Of course, once he got her into position, he would thrust deep into her again, taking her from behind to push her to another powerful orgasm.

Aino's orgasm washed over her in a white-hot wave, even more intense than the one before, and his slow thrusting only served to make it even more pleasurable. When he pulled out of her, she felt empty, even bereft, her body already aching for his, wondering why he would pull out of her when he'd not had his own pleasure. When he guided her to roll over, she guessed what he meant, and complied.

Now on her elbows and knees, she wiggled her pert behind at him, her inner lips swollen and puffy from the firm fucking he'd given. "Get back in, now," Aino said in an almost primal growl, her eyes glinting with raw need.

He returned the growl in kind, both of them given over to that instinctive desire. He leaned over her, sliding his cock in slowly and deeply. Hands grasping her hips, the thrusts quickly gave way to hard, loud fucking, the sorcerer burying himself balls deep within her. She looked over her shoulder, seeing his brow furrowed in concentration and pleasure as he drove into her with powerful, well-aimed stabs, hands firm on her hips as if he feared she might try to crawl away.

Of course, that thought was furthest from her mind as she cried out his name. Vainamonen acknowledged this with firmer thrusts, his body rocked by the pleasure, his breath coming in short gasps, amidst unbridled moans. He leaned over Aino, taking hold of her long, blonde hair. Wrapping it around his hand, he pulled her head back, turned it, and pressed his lips aggressively to hers. He lingered in the kiss, moaning against the warmth of her mouth, their bodies slapping together rhythmically. After a moment he released his grip, broke the kiss and rose back up. Throughout it all the thrusts continued, as powerful as he could muster, shaking both their bodies each time they impacted together.

"Cum for me," he urged, his voice a low growl so like her own. "I want to feel it again."

Keeping herself propped on one elbow, she reached under with her hand, working at her clit. Even with two orgasms, she still hungered for more, and with his hard, powerful thrusts, his balls slapping against her thighs, there was no room for light, gentle teasing. She worked at her clit with the same fierceness with which he thrust into her, rubbing the nub and pressing against it, gasping and moaning as she pushed back at him, her toes curling in the grass. It took a bit longer to achieve her orgasm as she was still fresh from her second one, but with enough time and effort, she managed to bring herself to the peak again, this time letting out a sudden gasp that turned into a moan, rubbing the sensitive nub to draw out her climax as she felt him continue to pound into her. She was unable to form coherent words, but wiggled against him, clenching around him rhythmically.
