 Dave stood dumbfounded. What the hell had just happened? He gathered himself, becoming aware again of his own nudity. He looked up at Miss Beckett, who was smiling, almost shyly, at him. He tore his mind's eye away from the three naked eighteen-year old bodies that had stood before him not sixty seconds earlier, and turned to the pool. He saw a small dark patch that must have been his trunks about halfway up the pool, resting at the bottom.

Dave turned and slid slowly into the pool. As he turned, Alice got a clear view of his arse. Muscular and toned, she couldn't help but stare at his pale buttocks, glistening wet. He had to use both hands on the edge of the pool, and turned as he dropped into the water. Alice got a quick, but unobstructed view of Dave's cock. She couldn't help but think it looked bigger than she remembered. Dave kicked off the wall, and swam to the middle of the pool, his bare backside kissing the surface of the water. He stopped, and trod water for a few seconds searching for his missing clothing. He took a deep breath, and dived beneath the surface. As he did, his arse broke the surface, and Alice, still staring realised she had stopped breathing. She took a deep breath as he disappeared from view, and gathered herself. All of a sudden she felt very hot. She fanned herself with her hand, and strode back towards her paperwork at the other end of the pool. She had just placed it all back in her bag as Dave clambered out of the pool. As he pulled himself up, he caught his still erect member on the edge of the pool, and it slapped against his stomach as it came free. Alice was staring again, she couldn't help it. Stark naked, Dave pulled himself out of the water and hurried to put his speedo on. He saw Miss Beckett openly staring at his dick, which only served to make his cock harder, if that was possible.

He slid his trunks over his arse and crotch, and his heart sank. The speedo did not do much to cover his erection. About half of his member still poked over the top of the waist band. Miss beckett bent down, and picked up the one remaining towel on the bench next to her, and walked slowly over to him.

'Here,' she said softly, 'I think you might need this.'

Dave took it, and wrapped it around himself.

'Thank you.' It was all he could say. He walked past her, and into the empty changing room.

Alice watched him leave, and sighed deeply as the final bell of the day rang. Students and teachers alike would be heading home. She still felt very hot, and slipped off her track bottoms and dived head first into the cool water. It felt good on her skin. She decided, that as she was here, she'd get a few laps in, and try to gain control of herself again.

Dave stood in the empty locker room, and patted himself dry. He tried to get the thoughts of the last little while out of his head, willing his erection to go down, but it just wouldn't. No matter how hard he tried, he just couldn't lose his erection. He sat, naked again, on the bench in the middle of the room. He laid his towel over his knees, with a conspicuous tent in the middle, and buried his face in his hands.

Alice front-crawled her way through several laps, her mind racing. She could get in so much trouble for what she had done. She had forced three young girls to expose their naked bodies to another student. Sure, they had done the same to Dave, but no one would excuse her of this if anyone found out. She paused for breath at the edge of the pool, clinging on to the wet tiles. It was here, and now, she made her decision.

'In for a penny.' She muttered under her breath, and clambered out of the pool.

Dave sat like that for some time. He didn't know how long he sat there, and he didn't really care. He just ran the events over in his mind. Over and over again. He looked up suddenly as there was a knock on the door. He didn't answer. The door opened slowly, and Miss Beckett walked in. She was wearing her skin-tight one-piece, clinging to her wet skin. Her hair hung in dark rats-tails down her face. Dave looked her up and down. It occurred to him he'd never seen her legs before, they had always been hidden behind baggy track pants. He looked her up and down, and couldn't help but notice two sharp points on her chest, as her erect nipples strained to break free.

Wordlessly, she knelt in front of him, and took his face in her hands. Her face was now below his, and she leant up, planting her lips softly on his. Her mouth opened, and she slid her tongue out, forcing his lips apart. Her hands slid down, over his neck and his chest, and rested them on his knees. She broke free of the kiss, and looked deep into his eyes, searching for approval. She gripped the towel, and Dave paused, before nodding slowly.

Alice slid the towel off of Dave's knees, and his cock swayed into view. She took hold of it in her right hand, and began, slowly to run her hand up and down it's length. She gazed into Dave's eyes, and they kissed again. Dave recovered himself, and cupped her face in his hands, holding her face close to his, as she stroked him slowly, sensuously. He breathed deeply, drinking in her scent. She broke their embrace, letting go of his cock, and she stared hungrily at him, before engulfing him. She took most of his seven inches into her mouth, and began to lap hungrily, her tongue working hard, her soft lips caressing his skin. Dave stared down at his teacher, her head moving up and down in his lap. His gaze moved down her back to her backside, outlined in dark green material, that was beginning to ride up, exposing more skin. He stroked some strands of wet hair out of Miss Beckett's face, and they made eye contact once more. She smiled, or as much as she could with a mouth full of penis, and Dave smiled back.

She pulled away, and stood up, gesturing for Dave to do the same. He stood, and they embraced in a kiss again. Alice's placed her hands around him, and they worked their way down and grabbed his toned arse, and pulled him to her. She could feel his hard cock pressed against her flat stomach. Dave held one hand on Alice's cheek, the other hanging limply by his side. Alice took hold of it, her other hand still on his arse, and guided it around her back, sliding it under the material of her swim suit. She shuddered at his touch. She pulled away from the kiss and they stared into each other's eyes again.

Without looking away, she couldn't, Alice stood back and slowly reached up to her shoulder, and slid the strap off. It hung limply over her bicep, as she reached up and slid the other strap off. The wet nature of the material made it cling to her skin, as she slid her arms out. She beckoned to Dave with one finger, and he stepped forward into another kiss, their tongues wrestling each other for superiority. He grabbed her backside firmly in one hand, while reaching up with the other, and pulling gently at her costume. It stretched slightly, caught on her nipples, before it slid down to her waist. Dave kissed down her neck and took her right nipple in his mouth, kissing it, licking it, caressing it with his mouth. Alice held his head in both hands, running her fingers through his hair before directing him over to the other breast, and then up to face level again so she could kiss him again.

She knelt down, pulling Dave with her, until they lay together, on the wet floor of the locker room, locked in an embrace. They rolled over until Alice was on top. She pushed herself up to her knees, astride the young man, and stared down at his lean form, and her chest heaved. She reached down, and slid the material of her suit aside, exposing her sex to the teenager. She leant backwards and took his cock in her hand again, stroking it gently, before manoeuvring herself over it and sliding down. She was as wet as she had ever been, and his dick slid in easily. She placed her hands on his chest, and began to rock backwards and forwards, slowly at first but building speed. Dave placed his hands on her hips, and stared up at the vision above him. Her eyes closed, hair framing her pretty face and her breasts pushed together by her biceps, she was the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. His hands slid over her arse, caressing it pushing her deeper onto him her breathing got sharper and she leant back. She gasped out loud, and grabbed his scrotum with her left hand, caressing, kneading his balls, while with the other stroking her clit. She stopped rocking and began to bounce up and down on Dave's length.

'I'm gonna cum,' Dave grunted, through his teeth, embarrassed at how quickly it had happened. 

'Me too,' Alice squealed in a high-pitched voice, 'Oh GOD!' She yelled, before she leant down and kissed Dave deeply, tongues entwined, as together, they exploded.

Dave felt the Alice's tight pussy contract around him as he pumped his semen into her. She kept riding him, slower and slower, milking is cock with her vaginal muscles, her body shaking, as they continued to kiss.

Eventually, she slid off of his softening dick, and they laid together, arms around each other, holding each other on the cold floor. Breathing deeply, they stared into each others eyes, smiling. It occurred to Alice now that there would be repercussions for this. But not yet.