 It was another football weekend and having to attend another losing game wasn't my idea of a good time. I'd been dating this professor for a few months and his attendance at games was mandatory. He knew I didn't want to be there and would have preferred for us to have stayed in bed all day, drawing out our morning pleasure. 

As we stood in a crush of people waiting for tickets, he reached inside my long stadium coat and first gently, and then tightly, squeezed my nether lips. For just a moment he tried to work his thumb into my wet slit through my panties and then quickly turned away from me as the crowd moved as one closer to the ticket window. 

My lover's quick feel while waiting in line waiting for football tickets was electrifying. I was instantly aroused. Even though he never touched me again during the game, I could still feel the mark of his pinching fingers on my clit. 

In spite of the distractions of cheering fans around me I stayed focused on my arousal. In the midst of the din I could feel tingling and had a near constant flow of juice. I wanted to feel my engorged lips and clitoris. I wanted to feel my welcoming slipperiness. I wanted to feel how hot I was inside. I wanted to cum.

A small moan escaped me. Only he heard me. He turned to me. "What is going on with you?" and he winked. I was breathing through my mouth and taking long deep breaths. I lifted my chin and looked at him, my eyes darting about his face. I took his hand and squeezed it. A small orgasm rippled through me. I squeezed his hand and moaned again. I tried to pull his hand to the same spot that had initiated my arousal.

Finally he understood what was happening and looked long into my eyes. I reached up and pulled his head close to my mouth. I quickly licked his ear and whispered "Fuck me. I want you to fuck me. Fuck me, please"

His astonishment at my heightened arousal was obvious. He leaned to me and kissed the top of my head and gave me a hug. This was an acceptable display of affection at a football game with other faculty and then his attention went back to the game as a great roar erupted from the crowd over a successful first down play.

Finally the game ended. I think we won, there was much cheering and yelling and the crowd began to move out of the stands. I'd been so focused on my arousal I was unaware of what was going on around me. 

I couldn't wait to get to the van. It seemed there were scads of people to talk to on the way out and I was nearly dripping and feared it would soon escape my panties and drool down my legs. I could almost hear a squishing sound as I walked. I was a little concerned that others might hear me.

By the time we got to his gold Chevy Safari van, there weren't many vehicles in the lot. As he got to the van and stopped to click the door opener, I leaned against him from behind, grabbed his other hand, turned it upward and pressed it against my wet pussy. 

"My god, you're wet!" he smiled at me. "Let's get out of here."

I opened my mouth and took a shuttering breath. "I can't wait that long. I need you now. Here."

"What do you have in mind?" he asked, turning his head toward me and furrowing his brow quizzically.

I shot him a look and said but one word. 

"Watch," I said.

The van has 3 rows of seats. The first two are split bucket seats and the last one is a bench. He'd taken out the second row passenger side bucket seat, so there was a lot of room in the second row. I climbed in the side door and made for the bench seat in back. I turned toward him, pulled up my skirt to my waist and pulled off my panties. I hooked one leg on the remaining second row bucket seat and spread my other leg.

He was still standing in the parking lot watching me. The interior light was on, illuminating me. I reached down and spread my lips so he could see my wetness beginning to drool onto the seat.

"Get in here and lick me" I commanded.

He still stood there transfixed. 

Barely able to speak, I breathed "Get in here. Now."

I lifted my right leg, clad in black thigh-high hose and slowly ran my foot over the front of his trousers. He involuntarily spread his legs as I slid my toes past the front of his swelling member to the underside. The top of my foot and toes were under his balls and I moved my foot and toes from under him and back up to the front of his pants. He was hard. I continued to massage him with my foot. 

"Now means now, get in here," I barked at him. He moved closer and started to get in through the sliding door. 

"Before you get in, take off your trousers and briefs."

He looked around the lot and there were even fewer vehicles there. He quickly slipped out of his shoes and dropped his pants and his erection sprang toward me. He pitched his clothes into the van and got in, closing the sliding door behind him.

I put my right foot on the door so I was spread even wider. I was still holding my lips open and began to lightly tap my clit with one finger. 

"Lick me!"

He leaned forward and began to lick my pussy with long strokes starting at the bottom and moving almost to my clit. He did this over and over until I began squirming. I pulled his head up to my face and whispered in his ear "you know what I really like, so do it now."

Before he pulled away I licked his ear, leaving enough saliva to wet it like my cunt. I hardened my tongue to a point and fucked his ear canal with it. I licked his entire ear and sucked on his ear lobe. I ran my tongue around the back of his ear and to his lobe again. I was drooling and it ran down his neck. 

I lightly pushed him away and he shifted his position slightly and put his head back between my spread open legs. He diddled my clit with his tongue making me cream even more. 

"Stop! I don't want to come yet. Do the other. Now."

He brought his hand up to my wet slit and rolled his fingers around until the middle one was sopping. He pulled my bottom to the edge of the seat so my bum hole was accessible. It was covered in my dripping juice and ready for attention. His hands and fingers are huge, so he used only his middle finger, slick with my juice, and began to slide it into my bum. His thumb was in my vagina and he leaned in closer and sucked my clit into his mouth. He captured my clit and held it with his teeth while he diddled it with his tongue. I began moaning and quivering. Small vibrations were beginning above my pelvic bone and I started twitching. 

"More," I whispered hoarsely.

He began to fuck my bum hard with his finger and I bucked into him. He pressed his thumb in my pussy toward his finger in my bum. They nearly touched. He sucked and bit my clit until I started to cum. Explosions began in my uterus and uncontrolled twitching in my clit. My vagina was convulsing and squeezing his thumb while my bum muscles tried to crush his finger. I practically levitated off the van seat trying to force him further into me. 

"Oh, oh, oh, oh", I screeched and banged my head on the van seat reaching over my head and clawed at the hanging seat belt. One final explosion and I was over the top. I stopped moving. Fluids poured out of me. The twitching continued. I couldn't move and tried to gain control of my breathing.

He lifted his face up from between my legs and looked lovingly into my eyes. "That must have been fantastic. You haven't come that hard in a long time."

"No, I haven't." I smiled at him. "And thank you...you know what I like."

He pulled his finger out of my bum and his thumb slid out of my still throbbing pussy. He made a move to back away from me, as if to retrieve his clothes. I reached out my stockinged foot and rubbed his hard penis and then underneath to his balls and back again. 

"We aren't done yet." My pussy was still throbbing and I could feel another round of explosions not too far off. I pulled up my sweater and unclasped my bra. My breasts tumbled out and my nipples were hard, huge and pointing straight at him.

"Lick my breasts, baby. Come and suck mommy's nipples and mommy will make you feel really good." As I reached for his cock with one hand and his balls with the other, I looked out the van window to see if everyone was gone from the parking lot. But the windows were too steamed up to see anything.