 The last few weeks were exhausting, but mostly for him. He worked long hours but he still finds time to take care of her, always making sure his little one is satisfied. So she knew she needed to surprise him.

When the stuff she ordered online arrived, she was in their bedroom looking at the items that just arrived, she lifts up a red plaid skirt from the bag, and was ecstatic at how cute it looks, she rubs her legs together just thinking about what would ensue after he sees her in this. She then decided that on Friday when he comes home, he'll be in her surprise outfit to greet him.

She hid the items in her side of the closet and smiled, excited about her surprise, "He's going to love this," she thought to herself.

And Friday came...

He just got home from work, already after dinner, he already sent her a text an hour ago that she should go eat. He called out to her, "I'm home!" And she rounds the corner to greet him, his eyes widening at the sight.

She was wearing a tight button up shirt, her soft pink lacy bra peeking between the unbuttoned area. Her red plaid skirt is short, stopping just two inches below her ass. White thigh high stockings held up by a matching soft pink garters elongated her legs, she was short compared to him, he always towered over her. And she was wearing a pair of patent black mary jane heels.

She smiled at him, "Welcome home, Daddy!" By the look on his face she knew he loves what she's wearing, she did a slow twirl so he can have a good look. He drops his bag and takes her into his arms for a deep kiss, tasting chocolate from her red lipstick, they both moan at the contact, missing each other after a long day.

She pulls back before she forgets what she's here for, stopping the kiss, reaching her thumb to his lips, removing traces of her lipstick. "I'm going to take care of you tonight," as she pulls him to their bedroom, not letting him protest. Tonight was about him and his pleasure, and she knows she'll get pleasure from it as well.

He followed her, amused and very aroused at the sight of her, each step she took her skirt swayed and gave him glimpses of her cute ass and the garters holding up her thigh high stockings. He let her push him to sit on the bed and he watches with rapt attention as she slowly kneels before him, opening his legs to settle between them.

"Little one..." he breathes out, touching the side of her face with his large hand, she leans into the touch like a kitten asking for more, before taking his hand and placing it on the bed beside his legs and shaking her head. "No touching until I say so, I want to pleasure you," she says firmly as she strokes his thighs, looking up at you with almost-innocent eyes.

She got up to her feet and moved to straddle him, the skirt riding higher on her thighs as she does, putting her hands on his wide shoulders as she settles herself on his lap, feeling his growing hardness under her. She moves her hips once, grinding against him and he groans softly.

"In a teasing mood, love?" he raises an eyebrow at her, but there was a smile on his lips.

"Maybe," she replies slyly, before leaning in for a kiss. She presses her lips on his, her tongue slowly tracing his lower lip, he kisses her just as passionately, his tongue stroking hers sensually, pushing into her warm mouth to taste her.

She moves one of her hands to the back of his head, threading her fingers through his hair, never breaking the kiss. His hands find their way to her hips, gripping her tightly against him, grinding her on his erection. They keep kissing, every moan, every stroke of the tongue, every gasp, they pour every feeling they had from missing each other the entire week.

Her hips move as they made out, grinding herself on her Daddy's hard bulge, his groans vibrating through her body and she remembered she was supposed to pleasure him, pulling back reluctantly to break off the kiss, she moves off of him to get on her knees in front of him again, keeping her hands on her his thighs.

"You make it so hard to keep my hands off of you, little one," he says in a gruff voice, but he puts his hands back on the bed beside him. She smiled up at him and move one of her hands to palm his bulge through his pants, she feels it twitch at her touch.

She slowly unbutton his pants, teasing his with a soft kiss on the zip of his pants before pulling the zip down, and with his help, remove the pants completely. He throws it to the side and she continues her teasing.

Her face so close to his crotch, she looks up at him and sees his heated gaze on her, she kisses his cock through his boxers, and strokes it too. Her fingers gentle and teasing as she watches his reaction. "Oh, Daddy, you're already so hard for me..." she whispers as she rub her cheek softly on his bulge, feeling it jerk against his pants.

With an excited glint in her eyes she slowly move the boxers to free his throbbing cock, her soft warm hands stroking him gently as she licks her lips and look up at him through her lashes. She leans towards his thick member and give the head a slow lick, it twitches in her hands, she rubs hers lips on it, tender and teasing.

"I missed your taste, my mouth is watering just at the thought of having your cock," she almost moans as the words spill out desperately from her lips, looking up at Daddy's eyes she can see he was desperate for her too.

Without another word she lowers her head and takes her cock in her hot wet mouth, her lips stretched around his thick length, she hears him gasp at the feeling, his dick jerking on her tongue. She missed the taste of him, the weight of his hardness on her tongue, the pulsing of his member as she sucks him eagerly.

She feels wetness between her thighs as he hears him groaning, the sound rumbling deep in his chest, she looks up at him to see his eyes closed and head thrown back in pleasure, the sharp lines of his jaw prominent as he concentrates on not touching her, then he opens his eyes to stare intently at her, eyes dark with lust. She moans as she takes him deeper.

They both moan loudly as the tip of his cock hits the back of her throat, she stops herself from choking and gagging, taking him as she breathes through her nose. And she slowly and seductively pulls away, hollowing her cheeks as she goes. His cock so rigid and wet with his precum and her saliva. When the tip pops out of her mouth she was panting hard as she watches her Daddy now standing before her.

"You want Daddy's cock, little one?" he asks gruffly, voice thick with need, she didn't stop him as his large hand strokes her reddened cheek and tangles through her thick hair, she nods at him. "Open," he instructs.

With that command he thrusts his cock inside her mouth, his hips jerking forward, his length hitting the back of her throat and she gags a little, but remains in her position. Daddy's hands both know in her hair as he grips her head almost gently as he fucks her mouth.

"Fuck!" he swore as he watches how much she's enjoying this, her hands gripping his thighs as her hips start to rock, wanting something hard and thick inside her pussy, "You like that, babygirl? Daddy fucking your throat, using you like the little slut you are?"

She could only moan at his dirty words as she gags again, spittle on the corners of her mouth. Daddy's cock is so big, she loves how rough but somehow gentle he is. And when he stopped she looked at him with a needy look on her face.

"Cum inside my mouth, Daddy..." she whispers, licking her lips and opening her mouth again for him, he touches her face and place a thumb on her tongue and she licks it and sucks it. He has a smile on his face. "Not today, little one, I want to cum inside your tight cunt," he said, desire coloring his voice.

He helps her up as her knees are wobbly from kneeling, and he kisses her hard, his right hand at the nape of her neck and his left gripping her waist. And then he lets her go, his gaze wandering down her body again.

"Take off your top and bra, and then your panties. Leave the rest on," he watched her as she does what he commanded, giving him a show when she turned around to pull down her panties, giving him a view of her pert young ass and shaved wet pussy. He gives it a quick smack and he chuckles, "Don't tease, love."

"You love it when I tease," she smiles at him, now feeling how slick she is between her thighs, the lace no longer covering her. He steps close to her again, his warmth so close to her body, their height difference making her arch her neck to look at him square in the eyes, his hand snaking its way to her hair and tugging sharply, "I do love it. But I'm hungry for my little girl."

With those words he pulls her into another searing kiss and he lifts her up by the waist and carries her to the bed, stopping the kiss to throw her on it. She bounces on the bed, lifting herself on her elbows to watch her Daddy undress. He takes of his tie and removes his shirt, throwing it both on the floor. She licks her lips as her eyes wander down his naked form.

He crawls on the bed, she opens her legs for him without needing to be told, her tiny plaid skirt already bunched around her waist from the bounce. Daddy watches her open her legs more to accommodate his wide shoulders, her bare pussy glistening from her arousal. He looks up at her as he blows gentle air to her crotch.

She gasps, her legs closing a little at the feeling. "Keep them open," he ordered, before giving her wet pussy lips a long lick that made her hips arch up from the bed, "Ooooh!" she gasps as she dug her fingers on the comforter, she couldn't help her legs closing involuntarily.

He looks up at her as he continues to lick her nether lips, not penetrating her sweet cunt yet with his skilled tongue, he knows she was so needy and horny, her legs were shaking at the effort to keep them open. He places both her legs on his shoulders, her stockings rubbing on his skin makes it all the more sensual, one arm pinning her waist on the bed and he continues to eat her like a starving man.

"DADDY!" she moans and screams, her hips trying to buck but couldn't, she feels her orgasm coming, his tongue entering her, stroking her inside, then retreating only to tease and suck her clit. And then he stops. Pulling back. "No..." she almost sobbed at the loss, her eyes pleading.

He watched her, his free hand gently tracing her pussy lips, "Such a needy and wet little slut," he whispers, pressing a kiss to her hip bone. "Please, Daddy..." she was aching inside.

But he continues to tease her, the rough pad of his thumb on her sensitive clit, making her hips buck each time he passes. "Look at your pretty little cunt, you're dripping on our bed, so wet and empty," he lets his thick fingers brush between her lips, her hips rising, trying to get him to push his fingers inside of her, "Aching to be filled by Daddy."

He suddenly gives her pussy a quick smack, she yelps in surprise, not in pain. "Whose pussy is this?" he asks her, and she immediately answers, "Yours, Daddy!" He smiles at the answer, giving her smooth mound a kiss. "That's right. Mine," he growls, the sound shooting straight to her cunt.

And then he pushes one thick digit inside her and she moans loudly, her back arching off the bed, her walls gripping his finger tightly as he fucks her with it before adding another. Her wetness lubricated her enough for the intrusion, but his fingers still feel the tightness of her soft walls.

Each thrust of his fingers her hips tries to rise from the bed but he holds her down firmly as she grinds on his fingers the best she could, a keening sound coming from her throat. He watches her get desperate, his fingers teasing her before adding a third digit and fingerfucking her tight cunt faster and deeper.

He leans forward and puts his mouth on her clit and she screams as her orgasm takes over her body, she cums as he continues with his fingering, moaning at the taste of her release. He loved going down on her and making her lose herself.

Daddy sits up, her legs dropping on the bed open, her pussy soaking wet as she looks up at him, still in a daze, she watches as he licks his fingers clean of her juices and she whimpers, feeling herself getting aroused all over again, he does this to her, light all her nerve-endings on fire.

She looks wanton and horny as she keeps her leg splayed open for her Daddy, her tiny plaid skirt flipped up to her stomach, and her patent heels digging on the bed. He dips his fingers again in her wet pussy, but before he could lick his fingers she grabs his hand and licks his fingers eagerly and sensually, tasting herself, all the while still looking at him. His eyes dark as he watches her lick and suck his digits, his words sounded rough with need but pleased, "That's my good little slut."

He pulls his hand away and she waits for orders, her legs still open for Daddy's heated gaze, his eyes roving down her body, she could almost feel the hot caress of it. "I'm here for your pleasure, Daddy. Use your whore, take me," she bites her lower lip and moans, her legs closing, rubbing her thighs together, "Use your little fucktoy."

The dirty words spilling from her mouth had the intended effect, he loved that despite her innocent exterior she loved getting filthy for him, being a little slut for him, begging for him. He traces his hands up her legs to her skirt and pulls it down her body, her heels join it on the floor as well as he removes them from her feet. The only thing left is her garters and stockings which he appreciated very much.

"Come here, little one," he gestures for her to come closer and she does, she crawled towards him, and kneels in front of him, her frame so much smaller than his, she loved that, knowing he could pin her down and fuck her senseless and she couldn't do anything about it.

His warm gentle hands strokes up her body to cup her face and kiss her slowly and sweetly, taking his time, even though both of them want to ravage each other. She gasps into the kiss as she feels his warm hands travel down and stroke her waist, then going up brushing the sides of her breasts, going to her shoulders down to her wrists, his touch trailed fire on her skin.

Then he was on her, pressing her on the bed, taking both her wrists and pinning it above her head with one hand as his other trails down her body to the apex of her thighs. She whimpers in anticipation, "Daddy, please..." The desperation in her tone makes his cock twitch.

He pushes two fingers into her as she moans in pleasure before taking it out, making sure she watches as he strokes his thick hard cock with her arousal. "Oh god, please fuck me, I need it so badly," she cries, her body writhing, trying to get him to fuck her.

"You're here for my pleasure, are you not, little one?" he smirks at her, holding his cock, letting the tip brush against her pussy lips. She whimpers again, "Yes, Daddy." She bites her lip, trying to be a good girl even though she just wants to have him inside of her.

Much to her relief he slowly pushed his cock into her, her pussy stretching to accommodate the first inch. She almost whined as he stops pushing into her. With the hand that isn't holding her wrists, he trails it up her stomach, between her breasts, and then to her throat, slowly wrapping around it. She felt herself get even wetter, she knows he could feel her pussy clench as he does it.

It wasn't just the occasional choking that turned them both on, it's the gesture of ownership, they both loved it, tonight was no different. His large hand wrapped around the slender column of her neck as she watches him with half-lidded eyes and parted lips.

"Do you feel how hard I am, little girl? I want you to beg for it, beg for it like a good little whore," he grunts as he holds himself steady, not pushing his cock further into her.

In response, she rocks her hips desperately, her ass rising from the bed, trying to get him to push deeper but he doesn't. She keeps moving her hips, feeling the head of his cock barely brushing where she wants it to. "Fuck! Please! Daddy!" she begs, trying to make sentences but her brain focuses on the torturous pleasure between her legs.

But he just watches her, but she knew he must want to take her as bad as she does, his jaw clenched as he tries not to buck his hips, trying extremely hard not to push into her.

"Daddy! I need you inside my aching cunt," the dirty words spoken with such a needy tone, she keeps raising her hips, trying to fuck herself on what he's giving her, her pussy soaking and clenching, trying to grasp his cock, "PLEASE! Fuck me! Fuck your little girl, fuck me hard! OWN ME!"

"Look at you, such a needy slut, asking to be fucked, asking to be taken and used," he groans as he watches her needy motions, "So desperate for Daddy's cock, your tight cunt needs to be filled, huh? Moving your hips like that, so deliciously desperate, little one."

And with his hands still on her wrists and throat, he pushes his length into her, not waiting for her to adjust and they both groan in intense pleasure. He feels her orgasm around him, "FUCK!" she screams. He continues to fuck her hard and relentlessly, occasionally putting slight pressure around her neck.

The sound of slick skin slapping against each other filled the room along with their groans and moans. Daddy doesn't stop fucking his little wanton slut, she writhes in pleasure under him as he continues the rough pounding, loving the way her tight warm pussy grips him. "DADDY!" she screams again, feeling another orgasm coming.

He pulls out quickly, letting go of her and flipping her onto her stomach, kneeling behind her as he pulls her ass towards him, impaling her with his still hard cock as she screams against the pillow, he could hear the muffled "Daddy" over and over.

Her mind is all over the place, the intense heat zipping through her body, the pleasure she felt in her very core as Daddy's cock deliciously stretches her, filling her, fucking her from behind like an animal. She moves her head to the side, moaning and breathing hard at each rough stroke, "Yes, Daddy! Don't stop, please!"

His cock throbs inside of her, it feels so good. She pushes back, meeting his thrusts, his hands around her tiny waist as he pulls him to her. "You like this, baby? You like Daddy fucking you like this?" he says gruffly, each word emphasized by a hard thrust, "You love being my little fucktoy!" One of his hands pressed on her slender back as she arches, pushing her ass towards him, her pussy taking him all in.

With an arm circled around her, he touches her soaking cunt, playing with her clit as she cries out, then moving his hand to her stomach and pulling her up against his hard chest, as he continues his hard thrusts into her, his hand snakes to her throat, possessing her, owning her. One of her hands goes between her legs and started teasing her clit as she writhe and moan against his body. He's so close know, and he could feel how close she is too, her wet heat clenching around his member over and over.

His balls tighten as he gripped her neck and waist harder, her neck moving to the side, he trails wet kisses on her shoulders, biting and licking, her body shaking at all the pleasure she's receiving. "Cum inside me, Daddy, please!" breathless and needy, her voice hoarse as she begs, "Please! I want you to fill me up with your cum!" Her words bringing them both the brink.

Daddy's thrusts becomes quicker and harder, they're so close to the edge now, his hot breath on her skin, and he growls, "Fuck! Cum, little one! CUM!" and she does. Her body arching as she screams, her cunt clenching around him, milking him. And with a roar he orgasms as well, he cums hard in her, spurt after spurt of warm cum filling her, they both keep rocking against each other.

He gently lowers her on the bed, pulling his cock from inside her, turning her around so she can comfortably lie on her back, he gazed at her, hair all mussed up, messy hair, and a look that says she's been thoroughly fucked. She smiles up at him, almost innocently if it wasn't for the fact that his cum was slowly dripping from her bare pussy. "Fuck..." he swears as he watches it trails down her pussy lips, "You really are a good little slut for Daddy, little one." He leans to capture her lips and give her a heated kiss.
