 Aino sat on a stool near the hearth, spinning yarn, distaff leaning against one shoulder. Vainamoinen swayed idly in his rocking chair as he patiently whittled a piece of wood into the shape of a supine, naked woman. Having no indication of what he had in mind, she did not notice just what it was he was making until he was nearly done.

"Perkele. Has that been on your mind all day?" she asked with a shake of her head.

Unrepentantly, he continued his work, carefully chipping away with the point of his knife. "This is what inspires me," he replied after several moments. "And why not, after such an encounter? You can be sure I will not be forgetting such a thing in my long life."

"You would not be the only one to share that sentiment – however many years I have." She set her spindle and distaff aside in the basket, stretching her fingers as she flexed them. Savory venison had provided them with a nourishing sup, and the pastries Aino had made from cloudberries and honey piqued their taste buds after the main course.

Her mother had gone on about how Vainamoinen would be a fine husband. And she had been right... just not in the way either woman had expected. Though there had been no ceremony, Aino understood herself to now be essentially married in all but name. However, compared to what her previous suitors had to offer her, the sage had proven to be a worthy companion. She could be satisfied with what she had, and learn from Vainamoinen whatever he would teach.

After staring into the fire for several moments, she rose to her feet and went to Vainamoinen, standing at his side. When he turned his head to look up at her, she leaned down, smiling faintly.

"Why carve a little woman out of wood, when you have a much worthier one here?" she asked with a purr. He held her gaze for several moments before pointedly setting the knife and wood aside, pulling her into his lap. She hooked her arm around his neck loosely, resting her other hand on the arm of the chair as leverage before wiggling against him.

Angling her hips, her eyes met his again as she pressed down on his groin. His hands slid to her chest, massaging the firm mounds through her shirt.

"I suppose this means you accept my invitation to bed," he whispered against the side of her neck as he placed kisses along the warm skin.

"Mm. Yes. But let's not go to bed just yet." Another firm grind against Vainamoinen's pelvis had the sage letting out a groan into the curve where Aino's neck met her shoulder. "I would like to stay by the fire." Another firm downward motion, and Vainamoinen's fingers dug against her breasts.

She wrested herself from his lap, his grip reluctantly loosening before she gathered the usual things she would use to make up her bed, spreading them along the floor. She turned to face him, seeing the dark lust in his gaze, his fingers stroking his beard as he studied her.

She pulled her shirt off over her head before undoing her girdle, the skirt pooling around her ankles. Beckoning him forward, she regarded him with a seductive leer as he rose from his chair. His hands were quick to make work of his clothing, and she grasped his arm after he had accomplished this task.

"On your back, rakastaja." She spoke in a commanding tone, seeing if he would obey. He glanced at her for a moment before an almost perceptible smirk glimmered under his mustache. He stretched out on the furs and blankets, his erection starkly illuminated in the shadows cast by the fire. She stood over him, hands on her hips as she stared down at him, pussy already throbbing as she remembered how he had felt inside of her, anticipating renewing these sensations.

Vainamoinen slid his hand down his body, skin weather-beaten yet supple, hugging lean, strong muscles. His fingers encircled the base of his manhood, and she gave him a brief nod of approval.

"Is that all for me?" she asked, a teasing lilt in her tone. This was the first kikkeli that Aino had seen up close. Though she knew what one was supposed to look like, it was quite another to see one, much less touch it or have it inside of her. Her eyes trailed the slow progress of his fingers up and down the length of his manhood.

"All, and for only you." His hand slid up, caressing his organ as he propped himself on an elbow, regarding her. "Come here, have your pleasure of me," he urged.

She needed no further encouragement, and as he remained where he was, she straddled him, Regarding his mild look of surprise, she lowered herself, placing her hands on his chest for support before she felt his manhood nudge against the warmth intended for it.

"Aino." Vainamoinen held himself steady for her as she lowered herself, letting out a slow breath as her body took him in. She closed her eyes, wiping a couple of stray locks from her face before she made eye contact with him again, shifting around as she settled into position. He filled her as before, and being on top of him bore her weight down on it, giving her a slightly greater feeling of fullness.

Vainamoinen leaned back, sliding his hands to her hips and caressing her sides. She shifted around several more times, experimenting with different movements, shivering as she felt the repeated sensation of his flesh moving around within her. Snapping her hips in rhythm brought her brief but intense friction, maintaining this pace caused him to dig his fingers against her outer thighs.

She continued to ride against him, learning as she went along, alternating between her feet and knees for support as she mated with her mentor, hearing his whispers of encouragement and feeling his enthusiastic squeezes and encouraging caresses.

Soon enough, she was lost in a frenzied rhythm, Vainamoinen's grunts accompanying her moans as they thrust against one another, his hips shoving up to meet her downward swings before he orgasmed.

As their rhythm slowed, Aino felt a hand reach down to touch her clit, and she gasped softly, meeting his eyes in gratitude as he pushed her to her own orgasm, his cock twitching inside of her as it released the last of its load. She wrapped an arm around his neck, and he responded with one around her middle. Vainamoinen's breath was hot against her ear as she leaned her head against his neck.

His hand caressed her head and hair as the two of the remained together for a bit longer, basking in their shared pleasure.

"Sweet Aino," he breathed into her hair, his other hand sliding along her body in placid exploration, fingers trailing along her back, side, and arm. She rested her chin on his shoulder, happy for this gentle intimacy. After several minutes, he shifted around under her, and pressed at her side. She slid off him, laying next to him as he propped himself up on an elbow. Her back was to the fire, and she could see his face with the light that made its way over her head and shoulder.

He was a man of curious contrasts. Around his eyes, she could see laugh lines, and his gaze spoke of advanced age and deep wisdom. His long beard left no doubt as to his years. Yet his shoulders were broad, his stance tall, and his step nimble. His vigor easily outpaced men Joukahainen's age, and as he'd just proven to her, age had not affected his skills in bed.

She closed her eyes for several moments, simply savoring the caress of his hand on the curve of her hip before feeling his lips on her forehead. A moment later, she felt his renewed hardness against her thigh, and obligingly rolled over onto her back as he mounted her.

Her legs wrapped around him, and she pushed back against him as he thrust into her, moving from a measured pace to a much fiercer one.

"Vainamoinen!" she cried out in encouragement, her nails digging into his back. Each deep stab of his manhood sent frissons of pleasure through her body, and she tossed her head back, crying out as she neared orgasm and finally went over it.

o0o

Vainamoinen had not had a lover for a long time. It was something that had not concerned him, but with Aino's presence, it was as if spring had come to thaw his loins. What had lay dormant first stirred when he had waited for her in her father's woods in his guise.

Seeing Aino's pleasured expressions as he plowed into her, hearing her cries of encouragement, and feeling her welcoming touches, her supplicating caresses pulling him in deeper, was a truly pleasant part of the experience. Men who paid no attention to their lover's reactions and moods could never have full pleasure of intimacy.

Again, Aino received his passion, arching against him and clenching around him, his manhood spasming in delight as he offered her every last drop of his orgasm. She pushed her pelvis against him and wiggled as her tits swayed, clenching around him again and again, letting go slowly before constricting her inner muscles.

From the way her eyes glinted as she looked up at him, he could tell she was aware of the effect that she had on him.

"That's it..." he breathed, still rolling his hips as he slowed his pace, one of his hands sliding to the back of her neck and grabbing her hair, holding her head in place as he lowered his own head for a searing kiss.

He remained inside of her for a bit, reluctant to pull himself from the velvet heat.

"Rakkaani," He cupped her face, kissing along her jaw. Her nails slid along his back, leaving a pleasant tingle in their wake. To his mild surprise, she clenched around him again, before she wiggled against him. Already she was hungry for more? Well, he would not be one to deny her...

"Mmm... again?" he whispered, his willingness very apparent in his tone.

"And again, and again. Like you told me some time ago."

He chuckled softly. "Well, I am a man of my word." His hand slid from her hair to massage a breast. "In fact, I may leave you too tired for lessons or chores in the morning."

"I doubt that should be a problem as you'll be resting right alongside me."

He smirked at that. "I think it would be difficult to simply rest when I have this to gaze upon..." His gaze moved pointedly along her chest. Her response was to clench around him again, wiggling her hips firmly.

"You may be an old perkele, but at least you're my old perkele," she responded cheerfully, her description of him uttered with genuine affection.

"You will pay for calling me that," he responded in mock scolding, wagging his finger before he shoved his hips forward, thrusting deeply into her with his reawakened hardness and proving true to his word.

o0o

Teacher and student romped through the woods, enjoying the fresh air and the pleasantly cool afternoon weather. It had rained early that morning, but the clouds were quickly banished by the sun, leaving a rich assortment of fresh scents to ride the breeze.

The clearing they came to overlooked a wide grassy knoll dotted with wildflowers, an occasional boulder or bluff interspersing the thick green cover. Deep ice had once covered these lands, as Vainamoinen told Aino during one of their lessons. The ice had gouged the earth, dragging and dropping stone that had settled during the ages. And in events long, long before the sage's time, deeper upheavals had left their mark on the Baltic regions.

He loped down to a leisurely pace before coming to a rest in a patch of thick grass. Aino stopped when she no longer heard his footsteps, and turned back to see the large white wolf stare at her before settling down and shrugging off his fur coat.

Vainamoinen stretched out his arms before reclining back, clad in a linen tunic and leggins. The thin fabric draped over his stomach, hinting at the pleasing hardness that she occasionally ran her fingers along.

The blond wolf loped back to him slowly, her pale golden fur gleaming in the sunlight. She came to his side and sat next to him, leaning into his side as he loosely wrapped an arm around her shoulders, running his fingers along her fur. His hand came around to her chest before he tugged, and the magic that held Aino to the form of a wolf slipped away, leaving the bright-eyed maiden in a thin chemise, her skin a healthy, pale tan from her time in the sunshine. Her hair was pulled back from her face with several small braids.

"Come a long way from a fish, haven't you?" he murmured as he reached up to run the back of his fingers along her cheek and jaw. Though magic did not come easy to her, she could master his lessons with diligence and practice.

"Course, I'm sure you prefer me as I am," she responded, leaning her face against his hand.

"Why wouldn't I?" His hand slid down the side of her neck before gently curling his fingers around her throat, feeling her pulse. With this careful grip, he guided her head down so he could place several kisses along her forehead and cheek. He felt her hand slide along his body to caress him, and he let out a quiet, playful growl into her ear. "I have the fairest maiden in Lapland all to my own," he commented in a mock gruff tone. "As is befitting of the greatest sage this land has ever known."

She chuckled softly at that. Vainamoinen's disdain of pride in others was well-known, but he was a man, and was not without an ego. At least he had enough good qualities to more than make up for that... a reminder of that pressed against her thigh as she shifted around to put some of her weight on him. She wiggled against it.

"I'll take that..." -wiggle wiggle- "as a symbol of your greatness," she said coyly as her eyes met his own. His arm tightened around her middle as he pulled her into his lap, his free hand reaching between her legs. She arched as his questing fingers found her moistening womanhood, and reached one arm around his neck for better leverage, her knees parting as she pressed herself against him. He was thorough, his fingers pumping, wiggling, and stroking, forcing her to hiss out his name.

It took but a moment to free his flesh from the confines of clothing, and she lifted her hips, his grip around her middle assisting her in the task before she impaled herself on him, her thighs quivering as she did so.

Her own name met her ears as she slid down, his hand pressing down on her hip until they came to their limit. His fingers dug in for a bit as he shifted around, and she clenched around the gentle friction. Her eyes meeting his own again, she wiggled around as she made herself comfortable, taking hold of his beard as she did so. He answered this cheeky gesture with a firm upward thrust of his hips.

"Rakkaani." The endearment slid easily past Vainamoinen's lips as the rhythm became more frenzied. She smiled and lightly kissed the tip of his nose.

Afterward, he lay against her, lightly rubbing her inner thighs, feeling the slickness of her womanhood against the side of his finger. His lips trailed along her breast, occasionally nibbling the delectable tit. She shivered when his fingers caressed the moist opening to her sex.

"Has the fresh air given you a second wind?" she teased gently, but she offered no resistance to his gently probing finger, her knees spreading apart to give him better access.

"No, the sight and feel of you does. Although I won't complain about the breeze."

She grinned at that.

"The wolf-skin you made was impressive. Truly a fine piece of work. I doubt your brother could make one of such solid construct," Vainamoinen commented.

"I had a good teacher."

He smiled faintly at that. "I am happy to claim my share of the credit, but you can only teach so much to someone unwilling to learn. Your ability to contest your brother – or anyone else, for that matter – is the result of your own hard work and study."

"Perhaps your skills also gave me encouragement," she teased with a playful leer. Wise he was, but he was still a man, and had a healthy sense of pride in his virility. And she'd seen that the sage had a sweet tooth for honeyed words, so long as he knew they offered with sincerity.

"If there is any truth to that, my dear, then I will say that your enthusiasm was not unwelcome. And as your teacher, it is my duty to make sure you remain motivated," he shot back. A finger slid into her, and she breathed in, her head lolling back.

o0o

It was said through Lapland that a young maiden drowned herself after being gambled away in a fool's arrogance. But as is the case with many legends, the full truth is never known... and Vainamoinen and Aino were happy enough with their own reality.

o0o

Well, that was fun.

Finnish words

ematin – vagina

kikkeli – penis

perkele – pervert

rakkaani – my love, sweetheart, darling

rakastaja – lover

As always, reviews and feedback are very much appreciated by the author.