 My ever lovely girlfriend asked that I create an erotic story for her and I, being the generous fellow that I am, figured I might as well submit it to Literotica so that someone else can have fun as well. I mean, what is the fun of having something if you can't share it with those you love, or random people on the net? All comments will be much appreciated and so without further ramblings, here it is:

He leaned in, hand gently brushing up her arm, sending shivers through her body. They could feel the heat from each others bodies' only inches away. Her lips met his, soft and smooth as silk, pressing into him. He parted his lips and slipped his tongue into her as the kiss became more passionate. Their arms pulled each other closer as they became consumed by lust.

He pulled out of the kiss, looking down at her, admiring her body. Placing his hands on her shoulder, he slid the straps down her arm, causing her dress to fall to the ground. Breathlessly he tried to absorb the beautiful sight in front of him as she stood there wearing naught but her slim white panties. She shyly looked away from his roaming gaze as a blush crept into her cheeks. Her heart was pounding and her breasts swelled as she tried to breathe calmly.

A gentle moan escaped her lips as his fingers brushed against her now hard nipples and she could feel her crotch moisten in anticipation. He began to kiss her again, this time as he gently squeezed her breasts in his hands, rubbing his fingers against her nipples. One hand slipped off her breast and down her smooth stomach to her panties. He began to slowly massage her crotch through the underwear, feeling the heat and wetness spreading under his touch.

He gently laid her down onto the bed in front of him, putting his legs between hers. Their lips pressed together once more and she could feel his growing hardness pushing against her crotch. Once again he moved his head back and then began to tenderly kiss his way down her body: her neck, her breasts, her stomach. Each kiss sending out ripples of longing through her body until he finally reached the hem of her panties. Hooking his fingers into the edges of the cloth, he pulled it down her silky legs.

His eyes feasted on the glorious sight of her wet pussy in front of him. Savouring every moment, he spread her legs and inched his head closer. She could feel his warm breath on her damp pussy lips as it excited her even more. Tasting her sweet nectar, his tongue gently brushed over her clit as she let out a barely audible sigh. He began to move his tongue up and down faster as her moans became louder. She grasped at his head as he plunged his tongue into her. Savouring the taste of her sweet pussy his tongue started to dart wildly over her clit. Faster and faster he went. Louder and louder she moaned. She gasped for breath, her muscles tensed. Her entire body quivered. Her back arched as she let out a piercing scream, lost in the throes of orgasm.

He looked up at her, grinning mischievously, as she tried to compose herself. Moving his body up next to her they kissed, she could taste her own juices on his lips. She rolled on top of him and straddled his hips. It was her turn now. With hands still slightly shaky from her orgasm she began to unbutton his shirt, pulling it off his body. As her hands slid down his hard chest it was his turn to let out a slight moan. Smiling at him she unbuckled his belt and placed her fingers under the hem of his pants and boxers. She pulled them down slowly, breathless in anticipation, until finally his hard cock sprung free in front of her.

His cock quivered hard in front of her as she looked down greedily. Leaning forward she wrapped a hand around his rod and licked a drop of precum off the purple tip. He moaned as her lips kissed the head of his cock and began sliding downwards, seemingly determined to engulf it. She bobbed her head up and down as waves of pleasure spread through his body. Knowing that he was probably very close to cumming, she slipped his cock out of her mouth and moved her body upwards.

She could feel the warmth pulsing off his hard cock as she positioned her pussy directly above it. Aiming his throbbing member at her tight hole, she began to lower herself down onto him. They both moaned in unison as his cock forced its way deep into her pussy as she impaled herself onto it. She could feel it filling up her tight cunt, his warmth spreading deep into her. He reached up and started to squeeze her tits as she ground her hips back and forth into him. She began to ride his cock as fast as she could, moaning all the time. His hard cock in her and her clit rubbing against his skin was too much. Her pussy muscles clamped onto him. Her breasts heaving up and down as she moaned out over and over again. Her tight cunt spasmed around his thickness as she was once again lost in orgasm.

She collapsed onto him exhausted as he began to pull his cock from her pussy. As he rolled on top of her she could feel how empty her pussy felt, she needed his cock back inside of her. Once on top of her he wasted no time, he immediately began to slide himself into her as she moaned out in surprise. He began to pump harder and harder, in and out of her tight little cunt. He rammed his thick cock into her as she screamed out in ecstasy. Faster and faster he went, shoving deep inside her pussy, their bodies slamming together. His orgasm approached as he shoved himself deep inside of her. He could not hold back any longer, his cock erupting inside of her wet cunt. His warm cum splashed into her pussy as she screamed out in orgasm.

He lay on top of her panting as they both tried to recover. A dopey smile spread across both their faces as their eyes began to flutter shut from exhaustion. A final tender kiss was all that they managed before they both eventually succumbed to their weariness. And so they fell asleep hearing with nothing else existing except for each other.