 He continues kissing you deeply -- passionately -- as he slips the straps of your diaphanous black dress over your shoulders. While his tongue slips into your mouth, you feel his hands moving down the length of your slender arms as he lowers the dress... It catches a little on your naked breasts with your already stiffened nipples. You shiver a little with anticipation as he lets the dress drop to the floor at your feet. His warm hands move to the skin of the small of your back and pull you to him again. You can feel his hardening manhood in his pants, pressed against your belly. Your breasts are against his muscular chest. His hands are roaming up and down your back, caressing your exposed flesh. They finally make their way down to your ass, which he squeezes firmly through the thin fabric of your black panties. For several long, breathless moments you stand there as one, arms around each other, mouths locked in a lascivious oral ritual.

Then, abruptly he breaks the embrace to bend and pick you up in his arms. He carries you from the living room, where you'd been slowly dancing after the evening out at the fine restaurant and the concert. Slowly, looking down into your beautiful face, he moves into the bedroom and lays you gently down upon the bed. As he kisses you again, his hand moves up over your body, brushing over your panties lightly, running over your belly and then cupping your breast. Squeezing it while you return his kiss, he then pinches your nipple hard just once before standing up over you.

He watches you watch him as he slowly unbuttons his shirt and tosses it aside. As he undoes his pants and pushes them down, along with his shorts, you smile a little and realize you've got your breasts in your hands squeezing them on your own. Your smile grows a bit as you see his cock standing out in front of him. He leans down and kisses your face, and then your neck. His mouth moves slowly over your skin, kissing you and trailing the tip of his tongue along you. He descends leisurely down over your breasts, where he willfully avoids moving your hands to get at your nipples. He kisses and licks his way down along your taut belly, while his hand moves up and down along your long, slender leg. He kisses you through your panties, and moves his hand up along the inside of your smooth thigh. You part your legs for him, not wanting to keep him from touching every part of you.

He slips his thumbs under the fabric of your panties and pushes them down your legs, leaning down over the bed. Once your panties are tossed to the side, he slowly kisses and caresses his way back up your legs, with his body inching back up toward your head. You can feel his lips and breath moving up the insides of your thighs and you part them to encourage his progress. His chin brushes against your clit and you stiffen a bit in anticipation. He feels this and pauses, chuckling a bit. He looks up at you, smiles and then gets up on the bed, facing away from you. He throws a leg over you, putting a knee on either side of your head. You look up to see his thick cock over your face, and you feel him kiss your exposed pussy.

You reach up to caress his hard penis, squeezing it tightly in your hand, as you feel his fingers caressing your labia, parting them so his tongue can slip between them. You tug on him to pull his sex closer to your face even as you feel him suck gently on your clit. You tremble and press the length of his cock against your face, kissing it, then licking it up and down.

While his tongue is moving over your clit and around it, you feel him reaching for something under the pillows near the foot of the bed. He continues to lick at you while he fumbles with something out of sight, but you're attention is focused on both the sensations between your legs and the cock in your face. You open your mouth and take the head of his member in, sucking on it. You tilt your head back as he reflexively pushes himself into your mouth. You relax and let him slowly fuck your mouth and throat, stroking the shaft of his cock all the while. 

Then you feel the familiar sensation of his lube-slickened fingers slipping inside your pussy, filling you up while he continues to lick and suck at your clit. Lost in the sensations of his fingers slipping in and out of you and his mouth and tongue pleasuring your clit, you let him work his cock in and out of your mouth and throat with almost no guidance on your part. He is lapping at your clit with increased determination, while his fingers fuck your pussy, and you can feel your body steadily rising toward your inevitable climax. 

Then you feel one of his fingers pressed against your tight asshole. A low moan forms in your throat, escaping around his cock, as you feel your butt being filled. Now with every orifice filled and being fucked, you're lost in a chaos of carnal pleasure. Your arms and hands reach up around the small of his back to pull him tighter to you, forcing his cock deeper down your throat, begging him to drown you with his cum. He responds by sucking and licking at your clit with increased frenzy, and takes the fingers from your pussy, replaces them with one thumb, and then pushes two fingers up your butt. Soon his fingers are sliding in and out of you like a piston while licking you furiously.

Before you realize it is so close, your first orgasm is exploding through your body, a white-hot storm forming in your pussy and then firing through the rest of your nervous system. Trembling and moaning you clutch at his body as you writhe in pleasure. His mouth and fingers push you deeper into your climax, prolonging it until you can't take any more. 

You lie there dazed and breathless, only barely aware of him taking his cock out of your mouth as he gets up and stands over you again. You are barely helpful as he rolls you over onto your belly. You feel his hands, still slippery with lubricant caressing your body, and then squeezing your ass. He takes hold of your slender waist and lifts you up. Recovering your senses, and knowing what he wants of you, you get up on your hands and knees. Your effort is rewarded as he gets up on the bed behind you and presses the head of his cock against your slippery pussy.

You lower your head, hair cascading down around your face, and push back toward him, a lustful moan deep in your throat. He doesn't let his cock slip into you yet, though.

"Do you want it?" he asks.

You nod and push back again.

"You must not want it that bad if you won't even say so," he says as he idly rubs the head of his sex against your clit.

"I want it," you whisper.

"I didn't hear that."

"I want it," you repeat, louder.

"You want what?"

"I want you to fuck me with your cock," you moan. "Please fuck me!"

He shoves his cock into your well-lubed pussy in one savage motion. You gasp and moan at the same time. There are tears in your eyes suddenly. He draws back, almost all the way out, then shoves back in, hard.

"Like that?" he asks.

"Yes!" you cry out. "Fuck me like that!"

He slides his thick cock in and out of you a few times, holding on to your waist to pull you back onto him with each thrust. Slowly he begins to increase his pace. You reach back and touch your clit with your fingers, feeling the slippery lubricant all over yourself. You begin to play with your clit as his cock slides in and out of your pussy. Then you feel him press his thumb against your still slick asshole. You whimper in unadulterated desire and he pushes it into you. Soon his cock is sliding in and out of you while his thumb is alternating out and in of your ass.

The stimulation is too much to resist and you're soon gasping and shuddering with another orgasm. He's holding on to you as your body trembles and your breath burns in your throat. As your climax starts to diminish he slowly pulls his still rigid cock out of your clasping pussy. You whimper, but then stiffen when you feel the fat head pressed against you asshole. There's a cold sensation as he applies still more lube. You make a deliberate effort to relax, but he doesn't give you much time.

Slowly but steadily he pushes his organ into your ass. There is a deep groan building up in the depths of your belly and working its way out of your throat. You feel him against your butt and realize he has pushed himself all the way into you. He pulls very slowly back, and then just as slowly fills you again. Both of your hands are clutching at the sheets, and your breath is shuddering in and out of your body. After a few more long strokes you are moving back and forth in rhythm against him. He responds to this by abandoning all restraint and fucking your ass enthusiastically. No longer concerned with your pleasure or comfort he allows himself to use your body for his own needs. Savagely plunging in and out of your butt, you know he will soon be shooting his hot cum deep inside you.

You shove your butt back at him, and reach for your clit again... you press your palm against it and slip two long, slim fingers up inside your pussy. This pushes you back over the edge into yet another orgasm. You cry out incoherently as the climax shakes you. Your ass clenches and spasms around his cock, which pulls him with you into orgasm. His cock thickens and begins to squirt his cum up into you. You feel him shuddering inside you, clenching and rocking as a veritable geyser of semen shoots out of him. He is shoved deep inside you and you're locked together as the shared climax only very slowly subsides. Finally he slowly collapses down over your back. 

He breathes only the one word, "Fuck!" Then you're both laughing as you fall together on the bed.