 I'd only been in the hotel suite about 15 minutes when she let herself in. The ice bucket and her favorite single malt bourbon were on a table next to a chair angled to face the bed. Thoughts of what was to come were making me hard. When she entered the room, I saw her quickly inspect my work before her eyes fell on me. She was stunning, dark brown skin, afro, big red lips in a tight black dress.

"Help me get undressed." She turned her back and I unzipped her dress. She let it slip from her shoulders and stepped out of it. Her black lace bra and panties looked so sexy against her dark brown skin. I knelt to pick up her dress.

"Give me a kiss." she said, turning toward me. I gently pushed my face against her lace-covered pussy, kissing as she requested. Her hand found the back of my head and she gently pushed me against her pussy. I could feel the warmth emanating from between her legs and the smell of her filled my nose. After I licked her a few times she pushed me away.

"Fix me a drink, please," she said as she took her place in the chair. I handed it to her; she reached up and pulled my underwear to the side, exposing my half-hard cock, slick with precum I was leaking. "You're all wet," she said. "Excited about today?"

"Yes I am." She reached up and let her nails graze across my nipple. She played with my nipple ring, a chill ran through my body and a moan escaped my lips. Instantly, I was erect and precum began to run down the shaft of my cock as she worked my nipple with one hand, the other still holding her whiskey.

"You have always had the most sensitive nipples of any man I've ever known" she said smiling.

We heard him insert his card and unlock the door. She pulled my underwear over my erection. "Go get him ready for me," she said.

He had come straight from work, still dressed in his suit and tie. He didn't protest when I led him directly to the bathroom. I started the shower. He kissed me, softly at first, but harder after his hands found my cock. He got undressed and stepped in the shower. I joined him. I soaped his body and took care to give attention to his cock, which I washed and rinsed before dropping to my knees to give it a few kisses as he washed and rinsed his hair.

I'd just taken his full shaft into my mouth, when I heard her voice from the bathroom doorway. "You two better not be fooling around in there," she said. "Hurry up."

We toweled dry. They had been married four years. She encouraged him to explore his bisexuality. She and I had dated before they met. I had told her that I liked sucking cock so when the opportunity arose, she called me.

She raised her glass to us. "You two can start." He turned to me and pulled me close, kissing me as his hand gripped my ass. I could feel his erection rubbing against my own as we made out for her. Soon, he broke our embrace and turned me so I faced her chair. He stepped behind me and wrapped his arms around me, pulling me against his cock. As he kissed my neck, his hands found my nipples. I let out a moan and pushed back against his erection. When he wrapped his hand around my cock I nearly came. I couldn't let him stroke me, for fear of cumming, so I grabbed his hand and held it.

I stole a glance at her. She was still holding her whiskey glass in one hand, but the other had dropped to her lap and she was gently stroking her shaved pussy through the lacy fabric of her panties.

He ran his fingertips across the tip of my erection, collecting some of my precum. He brought his fingers to my lips and I greedily sucked them into my mouth. I sucked at his fingers in the same way that I hoped to soon suck his cock. But that's not what she wanted. And he and I both knew it.

"Get to it," she said.

He released me from his grip and turned me to the correct angle for her before dropping to his knees in front of me. He leaned in, licking a bead of precum that had bubbled from my cock before taking just the head into his mouth. He turned his head and made eye contact with her.

She had slipped her hand inside her panties and was slowly fingering herself as she watched. I could tell she loved to watch him suck cock. She'd said that this was the one thing she wanted to see most.

"Go on" She said. He complied, taking half of my seven inches. I moaned as he slowly let my cock slip from his mouth until only my head was between his lips. As he worked my dick with long slow strokes, I couldn't help but watch him suck me and steal glances at her.

She had pushed her panties down past her knees and was rubbing her shaved black pussy intently as she watched us. She caught me watching. "Tell him what you want," she said.

I turned my attention to him. "Suck my dick," I said. "Suck it like you want my cum." I put my hand on the back of his head and pushed him to pick up the pace. As he did, I started to buck my hips.

"Yes, like that. Be his cocksucker" she said. He was good, and I had waited all day for this. The excitement was too much. He swallowed as I came in his mouth.

"Get on your back," She said. He dropped my cock from his mouth and scrambled to get in position.

Facing his feet, she lowered her pussy onto his face. I moved between his legs. I licked his cock as she rubbed her black pussy across his face. I easily took all of his dick into my mouth loving the hardness of his shaft against my tongue. As much as I had enjoyed his blowjob, this was where I really wanted to be.

But it didn't last long. She pushed me out of the way and lowered herself onto his cock. I watched as she slowly rode him, reverse-cowgirl style. When she leaned back toward his torso, I saw my opportunity. I pushed up between his legs and ran my tongue across his balls and up to her pussy, stopping for a quick suck at her clit. She stopped her grinding on his cock and let me lick. I tried to pay attention to the spot where his cock entered her pussy, the stiffness of his shaft and the soft delicate folds of her pussy. As I was licking them, she pulled away, leaving his cock in my face. I took him in, loving the taste of her pussy on his dick.

She turned toward him and as I sucked his cock, I could hear them kissing. He pushed my head away from his cock, I assumed to keep from cumming. As much as I wanted his cum I knew that this was all for her. I licked at his balls, shaved and tight against his shaft, as they continued to make out above me.

I moved over to her, lying beneath her wet pussy, letting my tongue and lips explore her. As my tongue trailed between her pussy and asshole, she dropped her hips. I licked and probed at her ass, pushing my tongue against her until the tip started to slip in. I loved this. She pushed harder against my face, encouraging me to lick her sexy ass. 

"Fuck me," I heard her tell him. "I want to cum on your dick." He took his position over me and slid his cock into her from behind. I moved to where I could lick and kiss at his shaft and balls as he slowly stroked in and out of her pussy. I moved farther up, hoping to taste her pussy and his cock as they fucked, but my movement threw off his rhythm and he slipped from her pussy. I held him and guided his cock back into her pussy. He held her ass and started fucking her hard. He was slamming into her violently and she loved every thrust.

I moved aside and watched her heavy breasts sway, her nipples rubbing against the sheets. Her moans were getting louder with each stroke. "Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me" she said through clenched teeth. "Ohhhhh, baby!" and she arched her back as her orgasm spread across her body. He slowed to postpone cumming but that black pussy was just too good and held her as he came inside her.