 To all the Sexy Ladies reading this:

I know you and I know what you want. 

If you're reading this you aren't a lady anyway! 
(Well, you are in public but practically everyone would be shocked to discover your secret desires. 
The ones that only you and I know about.)

But I am never shocked by sex.

I know you. 

You are reading this with a moist, expectant pussy and hardening nipples. 

You are almost naked and look very sexy, may I say, as you sit there wondering what the Dr S Crow is going to do to you.

He's going to tell you about your fantasies... and perhaps how to fulfill them... 

**********

Hello, Sweetie!

You would like to be gangbanged by a group of very horny, rough workmen, wouldn't you? 

You can tell me, I'm a doctor! 

You can tell me everything as you slowly rub your hands over your yearning body thinking of those heaving, sweating men labouring over you.

It doesn't matter; I can read your mind, even when you are looking so prim and proper.

I can see the images of big, hard cock filling your dirty, little mind. 

Yes, you are so sweet and cute that no one would believe what I can see there. 

You want to be dominated by these rough men fucking you in all positions one after the other. 

You want to be their sex toy, their thing and you know you just wouldn't stop orgasming as they manhandled you, turned you over, sucked on your tits and cunt, wanked on your face as they fucked you non-stop.

Oh, my Sweetie, I hope you get this fulfillment but it may be difficult to fix. 

Meanwhile keep on masturbating, let yourself egg on these imaginary, horny males, tell them to fuck you, be as obscene as you want, scream and moan as you cum and who knows... perhaps one day they will hear you as they pass by and knock on your door...

**********

And you...

Hi Baby!

Still lusting after Big, Black Dick? 

Couldn't you just look at those pics and videos all day? 

Don't you love to read about women getting their brains fucked out by big black men with monster cocks? 
(Actually, they don't all have huge dicks but isn't there something so sensual, nasty and taboo about the black on white that it makes you horny right now as we talk...)

Well, all you have to do is go out and get it, Baby. 

Black men love fucking white women, especially married ones. 

You don't have to be a slim beauty - just a normal, horny women craving black cock.

Imagine a big, thick, ebony pole... slurping on it, then getting it slid into your cunt as he uses you, calling you a white, married whore...

Now wouldn't you cum like you have never cum before?

You know that nice black guy you met... where was it... at Wal-Mart? Well, he just wants to fuck you senseless.

Let me tell you something about men that you already know. 

We think about sex all the time and want to fuck almost any woman if she smiles at us. 

Most women could be fucking as much as they wanted if they took advantage of this fact.

With that magical place between your legs you could have all the cock you ever dreamed of. 

Especially black cock! 

Go for it Baby.

**********

Now, you. 

Yes, you, Honey.

 I know what you fantasise about as you rub your soft slit. 

You'd like your husband to watch you as another guy fucked your brains out.

You'd like him to know what a real slut you are.

You'd show him how you love sucking cock and swallowing spunk, having your hair messed up and crusty. 

Wouldn't you just love to see him as his shock turns to lust and he pulls out his cock, unable to stop himself jerking off as he watches his Honey being used by another man?

Well, he probably has the same fantasy, you know.

People think the biggest male fantasy is to be in bed with two women. 

It isn't. 

It's to see his darling woman being fucked senseless. 

Funny, eh? 
But true.

You don't believe me? 

The next time you have a horny husband on your hands just try telling him how you'd like to fuck so-and-so and to have him watching you... and see his reaction.

Very soon he will be arranging it all himself! 

Honey, this is the easiest of all fantasies to fix!

**********

Hello Darling.

Still thinking of younger men lusting after your voluptuous body? 

Your son's friends, perhaps. 

Don't you just want to suck their young, virile cocks and make them shoot their hasty loads all over your tits? 

And in no time they would be back, hard and eager and you would do what ever you wanted with them - almost have them begging.

But you think this is not possible. 

You think they only want to fuck those skinny, young girls and wouldn't be interested in a middle age mother.

How wrong you are, my Darling. 

They have probably been wanking over images of you for years.

Perhaps you don't want to go all the way - just flirt and get sexually excited? 

When they are around (and you son isn't) wear a baggy t-shirt with no bra. One with a front that will reveal all if you had to bend down to pick something up, for instance. Get the picture? 

Or wear a real low-cut thing that shows off your cleavage. 

Put those big tits into a bra that will show them off, make those skinny little chicks look like the kids they are. 

The boys' eyes will be slithering down that tit-slit like an anteater's tongue in a termite hole! 

Let yourself get just too close and 'accidentally' let your boobs rub against their arms. 

They will be rushing off home to beat their meat think about you... Yes, you, Darling! Or they may even go into your bathroom to do it.

You could listen at the door.

When you are alone with one of the horny little devils see how far you can go. 

The bulge in his pants will be your thermometer.

But make sure he is of age. 

But... eighteen-year-old boys can fuck and fuck, remember?

Go for it.

Enjoy that young cock, my Darling cradle snatcher.

**********

And you, my Princess...

How are you?

I know you just want to fuck with any man.  

You're thinking about it all the time and feel guilty for being such a slut. 

Younger men, older men, black, white, tall, short, fat, thin... you usually manage to find something sexy about them - the way they look at you, how they talk, a smile, a twinkle, a lump in the front of the pants, their hands...

You have a very vivid imagination and can't help feeling so horny most of the time. 

I have seen and heard you masturbating and it is very, very sensual, by the way. 

(In fact I have often shot my load whilst watching you as you rub yourself to a frenzy.)

So, you don't want to be a slut. 

Too bad, you are, so enjoy it, my Princess. 

Men love sluts. 

Other women don't, though! 

They use the word 'slut' as the lowest insult whereas it is, in fact, the Highest sexual praise a sex-loving woman can obtain!

And doesn't make you feel so horny knowing you're a slut?

Be proud of your sluttiness - it is a rare quality. 

And from time to time go out with one of these men on a date and let it go as far as you want. 

If you want to suck his cock sitting in his car, then do it. 

He won't complain!

Princess, I love you for being such a slut and any man that doesn't is a hypocrite, a prude or a liar.

**********

My Lady Sluts, luxuriate in the pleasures of sex because that is why we are here.

If you can fulfil your fantasies, then do, but be careful, be safe but never feel guilty. 

Others may judge you - those tight-mouthed bitches and their church mouse husbands - but they will never, ever know the sheer pleasure of abandoning themselves into...

Pure, unadulterated, nasty, dirty, uninhibited, fucking, sucking, rubbing, moaning, screaming, panting, whimpering, lusting, wet, sticky, oozing, SEXXXXX.

Will they?

My Sexual, Horny Ladies, please feel free to email me and do tell me if I have forgotten you.

I will put that to rights. 

Or tell me if I have been writing about you.

Anyway, if you've enjoyed reading and think I deserve it, vote for this. 

Why not give it a five? 

That's what I would give you... believe me (five fingers, five fucks, five hours, five orgasms-per-hour, five men, five cocks...)

In the meantime Dr S Crow places five soft, slow, wet, sensual kisses all over your bodies...

See you later?