 This is the last chapter is a group of stories I wrote for a special person. Please read the first two if you haven't already as they help to make a complete picture. I hope you enjoy them as much as I did writing them and she did reading them.

Thanks

-hg

* * * * *

As I'm getting ready to leave the Expo for the day, I call back to my hotel to check to see if you left. The desk clerk I paid $50.00 tells me that you left for a few hours but came back and that you're there right now. "Great." I tell him. "I'll give you another $50.00 when I get back." Driving back to the hotel, I see a Bath and Body Works store and I get an idea. A smile spreads across my lips. I pull up and go inside to make a few purchases. The girl behind the counter gives me a knowing smile and I chuckle.

The elevator ride up to my floor seems to take forever. The bell dings and the car slows its ascent. I can't wait for the doors open so I wedge myself through as soon as they've opened far enough. The older couple waiting outside the elevator almost gets knocked over in my haste. I apologize to them and head for my, our, room.

Sliding the keycard into the slot, I ease the door open and close it quietly behind me. I walk into the main part of the room and I find you sitting in one of the chairs, back to me. I can see your attention is focused on something in your hands and I can hear the music of a videogame coming from the Gameboy you're playing. A smirk raises one corner of my mouth. That must have been one of the things you went to go get, because you sure didn't bring it with you. 

I place the shopping bag on the stand next to the bed and walk up behind you. Stepping closer, I can see that you're wearing one of the dress shirts out of my garment bag. God, was that a coincidence, or did you know that is one of my biggest turn-ons? My cock begins to stir in my pants at the thought. 

I come up behind where you are seated and place my hands at the base of your neck and run my fingers up through your hair. The tips of my fingers tangle into your hair and massage your scalp. I lean forward and inhale, the scent of your shampoo filling my nostrils, something else you must have picked up on your trip out. I take your hair and twist it into a single pony tale and loop it over your left shoulder, exposing the bare skin of your neck to my lips. You sigh and tilt your head forward as I start to place kisses at the base of your hair line and down your neck.

"I'm glad that you're still here," I whisper. "I have something special for you, since this will be our last night together. Turn that off when you get a chance and come to bed when you're done." I turn your head so that I can place a kiss on your lips and give you a deep one. One of your hands comes up and rests on my cheek. The force of the kiss leaves you slightly breathless. I smile again and leave to go prepare.

I grab one of the larger towels and a hand towel out of the bathroom and go back to the bed. I pull the comforter and sheet back and all the way down to the foot of the bed and spread the towel out in the middle of the mattress. Reaching into the shopping bag, I pull out the items I purchased, lay them on the stand, and cover them with the smaller towel. I head into the kitchenette put some ice in the bucket from the bar and put a couple of bottles of water in it.

When I get back to the bed, I see you standing there, reaching to peek at what's on the nightstand. I clear my throat, and you startle. You turn around to look at me with a guilty look on your face and hold your hands behind your back like a kid caught in the cookie jar. This gives me a chance to get a good look at you.

Your black hair frames the Japanese features of your face. My white, button-down shirt almost looks like an oversized nightshirt. It's only buttoned enough so that it doesn't fall off your trim body. The open buttons at the top show off your cleavage to wonderful effect and the tails end between your waist and knees hiding your pussy and ass from my eyes. The cuffs are undone and rolled up slightly. God damn, the overall look is sultry as all Hell. My cock practically snaps to attention like a recruit in Basic Training. At this rate, I'm either going to come in my pants right here or end up doing her before I can follow through with what I have planned.

I swallow the lump in my throat and tell you to take off the shirt and lay face down on the towel. You must have noticed my earlier reaction, because you give me a slight, mischievous smile as you slowly begin to unfasten the few buttons holding the shirt on. 

"I hope you don't mind," you ask. "I didn't feel like getting all dressed up so I borrowed one of your shirts." The whole time, you're eyes are locked on mine.

I try to recover and fail. "N-no. It's fine."

You undo the last one and reach up to the collar and start to slide my shirt off of your shoulders. You turn your back to me just before exposing your breasts, knowing that you're teasing me and enjoying it immensely. My shirt comes off of your shoulders and slips partway down your back. The bare skin is smooth and flawless; I can't wait to run my hands across your body. You look at me over your shoulder and drop my shirt to the floor. My eyes hungrily devour your firm and toned ass and legs. Damn, can you possibly get any sexier?

You climb onto the bed and lay your head on your crossed arms. "No peeking," I tell you and you smile again as you turn your head the other direction. I place the ice bucket on the stand before sitting on the edge of the bed next to you. Reaching for the hand towel on the bed stand to flip it up out of the way reveals a small bottle of body lotion. Opening the little flip-cap, I take a quick smell of it and smile. The Warm Vanilla Sugar scent is both heady and intoxicating.

Warning you that it might be a little cold, I turn the bottle over and squeeze out a thin trail of it across and down your back. You hiss as the cool lotion meets your skin. I start to rub the lotion into your back using broad strokes to spread it evenly. Once that's done, I start to knead and massage your muscles beginning with the palms of my hands then pinpointing areas with my fingertips. When I move down to your sides, I brush sides of your breasts as I glide my hands along your ribs. Pressure and circular movements unknot the worst offenders until you're about as relaxed as you can be. The moans and sighs coming from you would be purrs if you were a cat.

Working up your back, I reach your neck and slide my fingers up and down it. You straighten your head so that I have free access to both sides. I grip and rub my way down the length of your shoulders and begin to move down your arms. I pull gently on one arm. You lift your head and allow me to straighten it out, then lay back down facing me so that you can watch. I move up next to and lay your arm across my lap. Starting at your shoulder, I slide my hands up and down your arm, using both hands to encircle your limb. I begin to turn my hands a bit as I move them causing the edges of my hands to stretch and pull the muscles and work more circulation into them. Your eyes flutter closed as you get lost in the sensualness of the massage. I get up and move to the other side of the bed to repeat the process for your other arm.

I pick the bottle up and add a bit more lotion to my hands and start working on your legs in the same manner. My thumbs push deep into the muscles and you groan again. As I work the insides of your legs, you spread them ever so slightly as I move up them closer to your pussy. I can see the glistening of your juices already. I move back down to your knees and start working my way lower. When I get to your ankles, I bend your leg up so that I can wrap my hands around and dig my fingertips into your sleek calves. I start to rub your feet, using my thumbs on your soles, causing you to moan again.

Your skin tingles all over from my hands, every nerve alive. I allow you to bask for a minute then ask you to roll over. You comply wearily. The vanilla scent of the lotion fills the room and makes my head spin a little. I have to fight myself to keep me from taking you right *fucking* now, but I'm still not done. More lotion and I start at your feet and work my way back up. When I get to your quadriceps, you open your legs again as I work the insides of your thighs again. I can sense that you want me to slide my fingers over and into you, to work your clit, to make you orgasm. But that's just going to have to wait. I brush the very edge of my hands across your labia, enough to be coincidental and enough to let you know I got your signal. Your hips buck up on their own and you let out a little whimper.

Moving further up, I work the lotion into your abs and through your trimmed pubic hair (you live in a bikini-mandatory State, after all). I allow my fingers to stray as close to your slit as I can without actually going into it. "Tease," you murmur. 

"Damn right," I fire back.

I move back up your stomach and glide my slippery hands over your firm belly. As I go further up, I brush across the undersides of your breasts. Your back arches trying to push them into my hands. I grin and move my hands to your sides and caress up to the front of your shoulders and upper chest. The only parts left untouched at this point are your breasts and you pussy.

I stop for a second to reach over and grab a bottle of water. I take a swallow and the feel of the cold water in my throat gives me a deliciously wicked idea. A final application of lotion and I pick up where I left off at your upper chest. After a few preliminary strokes, I make my way to your sensitive nipples. "Oh God, oh yes!" you gasp. Your eyes close again and your head tilts back as I slide my palms over them. When you're distracted, I reach over to the ice bucket and grab a half-melted cube out of it. I hold it over your nipple and let a drop fall. The sudden shock of the freezing water on your sensitive bud causes you to gasp and start to sit up. I hold you down with one hand as I aim another drop onto your rock hard nipple. The shock has worn off and has switched to pleasure as electric jolts race from there to your clit. 

As you start to enjoy it, I take what's left of the ice cube and touch it to your other nipple. Again you gasp and shudder, but this time you don't try to fight me. I trace around your areola and watch as the cold makes it shrink and pucker, causing your nipple to harden into a little pebble. Next, I lean down and begin to suckle on your tit. You melt at the heat of my mouth and tongue on you and reach up to press my head against you. 

With my mouth locked onto you breast, I reach down and cup your pussy with my hand. You grind your mound against my hand trying to get me to slip into you. I begin kissing my way down your belly. When I reach your navel, I dip my tongue into it and your muscles contract in anticipation. You hear me reaching for another ice cube and you start to try to pull away, guessing what I'm going to do with it.

"Shhh, it's ok. I'm not going to do what you think. Promise."

"Ok," you whimper, not entirely trusting.

I slip the ice cube into my mouth and let it melt for a moment. I start kissing your body again. I arrive at your pussy and you quiver. With the ice cube on one side of my mouth, I snake my tongue out and touch it to your clit. The conflicting sensations of hot and cold are completely new and overpowering. The heat of my mouth and the cool of the ice heighten the stimulation on your button. You come fast and hard. Your hands clutch the back of my head and you cry out as your orgasm washes through you.

After you've come down, I kiss you deeply and you return it with fervor. You start to paw at me, rushing to get my clothes off so that I can take you. You're in such a hurry that your fingers fumble against one another. I reach up and take a hold of your hands and place them on the bed above your head. Standing up, I look at you stretched out like that. So sexy...

Pulling my shirt off, I start to open my pants and slide them to the floor. My cock is as hard as it's ever been and tenting the front of my boxers. I slide my shorts down and it springs free, sticking almost straight out. I lower myself to the bed and lay next to you. I lean over and kiss you again and let my hands explore your body. Finally, you reach down and grasp a hold of my shaft and begin to start stoking me, urging me to enter you.

"Please, make love to me, fuck me, do anything. Just let me feel you in me."

I push myself up and move between your legs. Your legs part for me as I settle in between them. Taking my dick in hand, I slide it up and down your pussy, getting it wet and slick with your juices. You whimper and moan with each pass and hunch your hips trying to trap me in you. I readjust my aim lower and the head catches in your opening. You gasp and start to pant. Pushing up on my knees and toes, I press myself into your steamy cunt. God, I want this as much as you do. The smell of the lotion combined with the scent of your excitement is driving me wild. 

Almost as soon as I'm buried to the root, I start to grind in and out of you, wasting no time with warm-ups. We both start moaning and gasping as I drive in and out. You pull my head down and crush our lips together in a fierce kiss, tongues wrestling and entwining. I begin to pump into you forcefully and it causes you to cry out and bite your lip. I bury my face in your neck and bite and kiss along it up to your ear. I nibble and tug on your earlobe gently with my teeth. Your hands fly to my back and begin to scratch up and down.

I stop long enough to sit up and grab your ankles. I hold them together and push your legs back against your chest. This rolls your hips up and back to the right angle where I can hit the super-sensitive spot inside of you and stroke your clitoris with my other hand on each thrust. Moving again, I push as far into you as I can go. The head of my cock brushes against its goal and I tease your clit with my thumb. "Ohgod, ohgod, ohgod," you repeat over and over. Your hands are tweaking and pulling on your nipples, trying to add to you stimulation. "I'm coming!" you manage to cry out before your body goes rigid.

I feel the muscles deep in your pussy lock down on my cock as you start to come. I stop as you squeeze down on me but you want none of that. "Don't stop! Don't' you dare stop!" you command. I start moving again and you moan once more. You grab fistfuls of sheets and your head thrashes back and forth. Your hips buck hard and wild beneath me, almost throwing me off of you; if your legs hadn't been locked around my waist I would have been.

I feel my own come wanting release. A sweat covers my body from the strain of trying to make this last. I want to enjoy this longer but it's no use. I begin to roar and with a final thrust I erupt in you. Pressing my hips to you, I fire rope after rope of cum into your waiting pussy. I gasp, out of breath from the exertion. 

Both of our orgasms subside at last. Both of us are limp and exhausted. I slip form you and lay next to your side. I wrap my arms around you and pull you tight. You're already starting to fall asleep. I sit up and grab the sheets for the bed and pull them over us. As I cradle you to me, I kiss your temple and fall asleep next to you.

Waking up the next morning, we both know that we will probably never have the opportunity to repeat this magical weekend. We stand together just inside the door to the room and I turn your head up for one last kiss. I cup your face in my hand and we look into each others eyes. "I love you," I whisper. You smile a sad smile and a tear slides down your cheek. "I love you, too."

We hug for what will probably be the last time ever. It seems to last forever and yet not nearly long enough. We finally step a way from each other and I open the door. We walk hand in hand to the elevator and ride down to the lobby. You wait for me as I check out and we leave the lobby together. When we reach the parking garage, we know that this is where we have to part. I reach for your hand one last time. I lift it up and touch my lips to the back of your hand. 

"This weekend was absolutely incredible. I would never trade it for anything. I will always remember this." You tear up again and I brush them away with my thumbs. One last hug and we turn to walk to our cars and our separate ways.

*****

It's the week after the Expo and I'm at home after a long day at work. I turn on my computer and start up AIM. After it starts, your name comes up first on my list.

I double-click on your name. "Hello, My Lady, my love..."