 Before I leave for the airport I'm going to shower and shave every inch of my pussy. To make it extra clean I'm going to turn on the massager and spray myself into an orgasm. I want my clit pink, full and sensitive so I can feel it the whole ride to you. I'm going to wear white cotton underwear and jeans, a black bra and white top. On the plane I will visit the washroom once to check and see that I'm nice and wet and if I'm not I'm going to make sure I am by rubbing my clit and fingering myself. I watch my self cum in the mirror and enjoy seeing what you will see soon.

When I land I'll get my bags and meet you. I hope you kiss me...on the mouth...with your tongue. I want a long wet kiss that will make my legs turn to jello, send shivers up my spine and make my vagina drippy and wet. In the car I won't be able to help myself and I'll have to run my fingers through your hair and rub your chest. I'll feel you under your shirt and pinch your nipples. Leaning in close to kiss your neck and lick your earlobes, I'll move my hand lower and lower over the hard lump in your pants. Tracing the outlines with my fingers rubbing and squeezing making you harder and harder. Slowly I'll unbutton your pants and unzip your zipper slide my hand in and explore while resting my head on your shoulder and watching the scenery go by. At the stoplights I'll lean down and kiss your cock, lick the tip and suck. I want you to squeeze my breasts and ass. Feel my pussy while you drive with your free had and see how moist and ready I am for you.

Inside, after the bags are in, I will kneel down and pull your cock out and lick and suck it. My hands will pull your trousers and your underwear down around your ankles. My fingers will search your legs and ass moving around to your penis and balls trying to touch every part of you while I feast on your cock. For a second I'll free you from my hands as I take off my pants and underwear never letting go of your dick in my mouth. One hand will be on you and the other on me so I can be nice and tasty for you.

After you come leave your pants where they are pick me up and sit me on the counter and eat my pussy. Swirl you tongue around my soft wet lips. Flick and suck my clit. Stick your fingers in me, one...two...three. Feel my clit swell up and quake under your tongue. I'm gonna want you then but stay there until I come, until my cunt starts to pour. When my hands grab your hair, my thighs clench your head tight and I rock, moan and scream... then you can come up and kiss me. I want to taste my cum on your mouth.

Pull off my top and rip off my bra. Grab the back of my neck and kiss me soft then hard. I want to feel how much you want me from your kisses. Suck my nipples and finger my cunt. Please let me touch your cock and lead it in me. I wont be able to stand it anymore and I'll need to feel you inside me. Slide it in and out rock me hard back and forth. The fullness of you in me will make me wet. I want it to hurt so I remember and I want it to feel good so I'll want more. Fuck me hard and fast while I come all over you again and again.

Pick me up and bring me to your bed and lay down so I can ride you for a while. I'll slide back and forth up and down leaning in so you can suck my breasts. I'll fuck your cock and let my cum pour out onto your thighs. Roll me over and fuck me into your bed. You can't fuck me too hard to give me everything you've got. I want it, I want you. Kiss me, lick me, suck me, fuck me. I'll lick the sweat from your face and suck your nipples. Fuck me harder than you've ever fucked anyone before and cum inside me.

Stay inside me while I wrap my legs around you and rub your back. Kiss me and then bury your face into my hair. I wont let you go and we can stay like that forever.