 When Tina finished making arrangements for Tony and Rebecca to join them for the weekend, she walked over to the window and looked out at the city. Tom grabbed their drinks and joined her. As she took hers from him, Tina spoke.

"You know, in the 12 years we've been married, I have never once considered what we're about to do," she said seriously.

"Are you nervous?" Tom asked, caressing her ass.

Tina took his hand off her ass and turned to face him. She placed his hand between her legs and looked him in the eye. "Nervous, no. Horniest I have ever been in my life? Definitely!" they kissed deeply and passionately for a few moments. Tom was kissing her neck when she suddenly broke out laughing.

"What? What is so funny?" he asked.

"Look at those candles!" Tina exclaimed as she pointed to two candles on a shelf on the wall. "What do they look like to you?" she asked, still giggling.

Tom looked at the shelf. After a few seconds, he was giggling too. "Oh my God. They're dicks!" he said. He walked over to the shelf and took one down. It was a white wax candle shaped exactly like an average size penis. "It looks like house cleaning missed something," he said. That started Tina giggling all over again. Tom got an idea. "You said you were in the mood for something nasty, right?" he asked, waving the candle back and forth in front of him. Tina looked at him.

"Yes I did. Whatever do you have in mind?" she asked.

"I was thinking of a challenge." Tom said.

"Oh I get it. Which cock is the real cock, right?" Tina said, taking the candle from him and looking at it. "O.K. How do you want to work it?" she asked.

"We'll need oil or lotion," he said.

"The place is stocked daily. There's baby oil in the bathroom. Go get it." Tina said. Tom left and when he returned with the oil, Tina was on the loveseat with the candle between her legs. 

"Hey, no pregame from the competition." Tom said and took the candle from Tina. "You will lie face down on the loveseat, with your knees spread on the floor. The first contestant will be your pussy. Both cocks will be lubed. Your job is to tell which is which." he spread her legs and got between them. He used the candle first, having oiled it already. He put the tip of the 'cock' on Tina's clit and rubbed it up to her vagina and back down a few times. She began to moan and move in concert with the 'cock'. He inserted the 'cock' into her vagina slowly, almost teasing her. When the 'cock' was in Tina's pussy to the hilt, Tom rotated it slightly so that the tip was pointing toward the roof of her twat. He continued to stroke her pussy in this way for a few moments. Then as he was pulling the 'cock' out of Tina's vagina, she shuddered visibly and squeezed the loveseat in her hands. Then he put his cock in his wife's pussy and thrust himself in to the hilt in one stroke. Tina gasped and moaned.

"Number two is the real thing, Baby." Tina said immediately. She squeezed his cock with her pussy and thrust her hips back at him and side to side. She tilted her hips and arched her back so that Tom's cock was stroking the same spot the candle had been. She moaned again and bit the loveseat in an attempt not to cry out in horny bliss.

Tom took hold of her hips and helped her through her rhythm; back and forth, side to side, around in a circle, back and forth again. They fucked in a slow and steady rhythm that slowly grew hypnotic. Tom began to massage Tina's ass as she continued to grind her hips against his, his hands and fingers moving ever closer to her asshole. He'd always wanted to try anal, but never had the courage to ask Tina about it. Just as his fingers touched her asshole, Tina gasped again. This time, however, it was followed by ragged breathing. She clutched at the loveseat once more, moaning through clenched teeth. Then, suddenly and quietly, Tina's vagina clenched down on Tom's cock and covered it with cum. Then just as suddenly as she had cum, Tina relaxed. Tom withdrew his still standing cock and backed away from Tina. He remained where he was for a few moments, looking at Tina as he relaxed in post-orgasmic bliss.

Tina sensed him watching her. She looked back at him and smiled. She reached back and took his cock in her hand, stroking him as she turned around and, remaining on all fours, she took his cock in her mouth and sucked him down until his pubes were poking her in the nose. She then pulled her head back and did it again. She continued to slowly deep throat him repeatedly. Tom was busy enjoying this when Tina abruptly stopped and sat up. She continued to stroke him in her hands though.

"Are you ready for the 'naughty' yet?" she asked.

"At this point, I am ready for almost anything, baby. What do you have in mind now?" Tom asked as he played with Tina's breasts, tweaking her nipples and flicking at them with his fingers as they faced each other.

"When Tony and Becca get here, I want to be double-donged while I eat Becca's pussy. I want to be as naughty as can be." Tina said with a gleam in her eye.

"Jesus, Tina. You aren't pulling any punches this weekend, are you? Where in the world did you get the idea? No, wait. You've been in my videos haven't you?" Tom asked, shocked.

"Are you mad? I know I was sort of a prude about those tapes but I hadn't really had the chance to sit down and watch one alone. Then last month you started working all that overtime and those late nights on the Overton Project. One night there turned out to be nothing interesting on late night TV so I worked up the courage and put one of your tapes into the VCR in our room." she admitted shyly.

"Wow. You weren't thinking I was cheating on you, were you?" Tom asked, worried. He turned and leaned back against the loveseat beside Tina. She turned and lay down on the floor, with her head in Tom's lap, so they could look each other in the eye as they talked.

"Oh no, dear. I trust you completely. That idea never even crossed my mind. I was just bored, lonely, and horny. Anyway, I put the tape in the VCR, took my clothes off, and crawled into bed. At first I was disgusted, I'll admit. Then, after watching that man's cock move in and out of that woman's pussy for a while, something happened. My nipples stood up, my pussy got wet, my cunt got hot and I realized 'My God, I'm getting horny watching this shit!' I started playing a game. I wanted to see how long I could watch it without touching myself. I was really hoping you'd come home and catch me in the act, but that turned out to be the one all-nighter you had to pull. Finally after an hour, I gave up and started playing with myself. I was so horny that night that I went to the kitchen and grabbed a carrot, peeled it and fucked it. It was incredible. I just didn't care. It was one of the most powerful orgasms I have ever had alone." Tina was getting more excited as she continued. So was Tom, his cock was standing tall by this point.

"You fucked yourself with a carrot? How in the world did you do that?" Tom asked, playing with a standing nipple on Tina's breast.

"You're not disgusted?" Tina asked, turning her head toward him and seeing that his cock was a rock for the first time since her confession began.

"Hell no. I've never even seen you masturbate and you're telling me about fucking yourself with a carrot. I can't even imagine it. It's a turn on like no other." Tom said, still playing with her nipple.

"Why don't I show you, then? Give me the oil." she said as she grabbed the 'cock' candle from the couch. Tom handed her the oil.

Tina sat up and oiled the candle, then her pussy. Then she rolled over onto her belly, facing away from Tom so that he could watch, with one hand holding the 'cock' between her spread legs. She carefully guided the cock between the swollen lips of her pussy into her vagina. She adjusted the angle of the cock a few times until she found one that she liked. Then she began pumping it in and out of her cunt as she moved her hips back and forth slowly. Tom's cock got so hard he thought he was going to run out of skin. Soon Tina was getting into it; moaning and whimpering occasionally as the 'cock' hit a sweet spot. It didn't take long before it was more than Tom could handle. He sat up and touched Tina's ass.

"Well if you want Tony and I to double-dong you, I guess your ass should be ready when they get here. You want to practice?" he asked as he slipped his thumb gently into Tina's asshole. She didn't answer him; she simply thrust her ass up toward his hand, driving his thumb as far as it would go into her ass. He could feel the candle moving in her cunt. He reached for the oil and dripped some on her ass as he withdrew his thumb. He massaged the oil into her asshole then added more. He kept massaging and adding oil until her asshole was loose and relaxed. Then he slowly slipped both his thumbs into her hole at the same time. Tina moaned and chewed on her lower lip, a sign she was ready to go.

Tom straddled Tina's legs and settled his cock into position at the edge of her asshole. He was about to ask if she was ready when she raised her hips to meet his cock and thrust herself back toward him. He took that as a yes. He put his weight on one hand and used the other to keep Tina's ass open. Slowly, he thrust his cock into Tina's asshole. Once again, he could feel the candle moving in her pussy. He kept thrusting until his pubic hairs were against Tina's ass. There he stopped and let Tina's ass adjust to his cock. Tina gasped and moaned in pleasure.

"Oh my God. I've never felt so full. This feels so good. I am in heaven. I want your cock so badly." she groaned. She pulled the candle out of her cunt and pulled her legs up under her, keeping her chest on the floor. Now her ass was high in the air, and full of cock.

"Fuck my ass, baby. Fuck it like it's a pussy. I want to be loose and ready when Tony gets here." Tina exclaimed as she thrust her ass back toward Tom's cock.

Tom grabbed her hips and, never having heard her talk like that before, fucked her like she'd never been fucked before. All the while he fucked her ass, she talked dirtier and dirtier.

"That's right, baby. Fuck my butt. Oh my God! You feel so good. I want you to cum in my ass. Fill me with cum, you fucking stud! I want to feel your cock throbbing as you fill my ass. God this is better than pussy sex!" she exclaimed. Tom was squeezing her hips and slapping her ass gently as he had seen in movies. Tina reached for the candle once more and shoved in into her cunt again. 

This drove both her and Tom over the edge. She screamed out and Tom grunted as he came and came and came in her ass. Soon there was so much that it squirted out with every stroke as he kept cumming and thrusting his cock into Tina's ass. Tina pumped the candle into her twat as fast as she could to keep up with the wave of orgasmic electricity flowing through her pussy and ass. When the seemingly endless joint orgasm finally ended, they collapsed on the floor, still joined as one.

To Be Continued...