 It had been a long day, and she was on edge. It wasn't the papers and unfinished projects stacked on her desk that caused her edginess. He was the reason for that edginess...or rather, it was the memory of their meeting earlier in the day and what came afterward.

She knew from their online and phone conversations and the photo he'd sent that he was much younger than she, and handsome. She looked in the mirror at her soft, very plump figure, and wondered if he would be among the smaller ("select," she thought) population of men who found it attractive.

All in all, she was nervous about meeting him, but there was something about the way he spoke to her that drew her to him like a moth to a flame. Conversation flowed effortlessly — they connected immediately on a number of levels and, at times, seemed to read each other's minds. And they each had a similar need for discretion. There was no way she would pass up an opportunity to meet this man.

As they sat across the table from each other at lunch, she gazed at his face. He was even more handsome in person and she loved his wide grin, but it was his eyes that held her attention. Intense brown eyes that lit up when he laughed and turned somber when he spoke of something serious. She wondered how those eyes looked when he was aroused. Actually, she more than wondered; she positively ached to know.

They left the restaurant and chatted for a few minutes in the parking lot. Unsure of how he felt about her, she simply said that she'd enjoyed herself and would like to meet again if he was interested. She reached up to give him a farewell hug and was surprised when he wrapped his arms around her and returned her embrace before they went in separate directions to their cars.

Her thoughts were filled with him on the way home, and she wondered if there would be anything more. She desperately wished he had kissed her.

She settled in at her computer to work for the rest of the afternoon, first signing on to check her email and hoping there would be a message from him. A few minutes later, she smiled as a message from him flashed onto the screen. She decided to tell him what she had been too shy to say earlier — that she found him smart and funny and interesting and handsome and devastatingly sexy. When he responded that he found her attractive, too, her knees went weak. As the conversation grew more intimate, she was glad she was sitting down.

He described in detail what he wanted from her, what he needed from her, what he could give her in return, and what he'd like to do to her and her to him. He was commanding and masculine and so very sexy, and she felt the heat growing between her legs. She wanted to be under his control, to please him in the ways they'd each only fantasized about. She wanted to be his wanton slut, to belong to him. She loved it when he told her she made him hard.

The afternoon grew late, and her other life was calling to her. Reluctantly, she said goodbye to him and logged off her computer. But he continued to fill her thoughts as the evening wore on. She thought about his eyes, his voice on the phone, and all of the hot, romantic and sexy things he'd typed online earlier. 

She was frustrated. Her nipples were taut and ached with desire for his hands and mouth. She wanted his voice in her ear, whispering naughty things, telling her what to do for him. Her skin felt hot and her pussy was slick and throbbing. She needed release. She headed for the shower, her only haven for privacy in the house.

As the warm water cascaded down her body, she caressed her breasts, imagining his tongue flicking and teasing her sensitive nipples. It wasn't long before one leg was propped on the ledge of the bathtub to allow her hands access to her hot pleasure center. She gently parted her pussy lips with her middle finger and slid it slowly up and down her creamy slit. She pretended it was his hand between her legs and nearly moaned aloud with pleasure — but quickly stifled it, not wanting her husband to hear. 

Still thinking of the man with the intense eyes, her fingers soon found their way to her sensitive clit, gently stroking it in a circular motion. In mere seconds, she exploded, her orgasm wracking her body as she imagined his hard cock buried deep inside her, pumping her full of his hot cum... making her his. She knew he would fuck her like no man ever had before.

Temporarily sated, she sat at the laptop in her home office, writing a little piece of erotica that she promised him. It would have to be enough until the next time they talked. And it was enough... for now.