 I miss you so much, my love, and wish you were here. Earlier today I was daydreaming about seeing you again, and I could picture it perfectly in my mind. The images are still fresh, like I can almost see them...

My doorbell rings and my heart skips a beat. I know it's you on the other side of the door and I practically run to it in my excitement. It's been too long since we've seen each other. I fling the door open and I am looking into your eyes again, grinning instantly the moment I see your face. In what seems like a millisecond you are through the door and I am into your arms. Our lips meet as we murmur our hellos, hands and lips roaming and rediscovering each other. The door closes behind you and I move on autopilot, leading you to the bedroom where I turn and face you again. I take a good look at you. My breath catches as I take in your handsome face and your gorgeous body that knows how to make me feel so very good. I can't stop smiling as I look at you and you come to me, the love so clear in the tender look on your face it makes me blush and look down. You put a finger under my chin to raise my head back up and look at you. Staring deeply into my eyes you bend your head down and kiss me gently, all your love for me pouring into your kiss.

Our lips rub together and I moan softly. It feels so good, so right to be in your arms again. My hands are all over your body, pulling on your clothes as the kiss deepens and becomes more passionate. Your tongue flicks over my lips and I immediately part them for you, allowing your tongue inside my mouth and darting my own tongue into yours. Both of our breathing quickens when your fingers, which had been running through my long hair, grab a fistful of it and gently tugs. You pull away from the kiss and study my face, seeing my lust build as you slip your hand under the back of my shirt and gently caress my soft skin. My own hands are running all over your torso, feeling your body through your clothes and wanting to feel more.

You slide your hands up under my shirt and start to lift it. Not breaking eye contact I lift my arms over my head and you slide my shirt up and off me, throwing it to the floor. Placing your hands at my bare waist, your lightly run your fingers up my sides, giving me goosebumps, until you reach my bra. Sliding your fingers behind me you deftly unhook my bra, freeing my breasts. I can feel my nipples hardening from the cool air as well as my excitement. You stare at me, naked from the waist up and I start to feel vulnerable at being so exposed to you.

Sensing my growing discomfort, you take your own shirt off and pull me into your arms. I manage to get a glimpse of your strong chest and arms before I feel your naked flesh against mine. I grab the back of your head and pull your mouth to mine, needing to feel your lips again. My breasts rub against you and your hands play with the waistband of my jeans. I run my hands down your back, feeling your muscles bunch as you continue to caress me. Once I reach your waistband I move my hands between us and begin to undo your belt. Your tongue quickens against mine when I get your pants undone and plunge my hand into them. Feeling your hard, ready cock makes me tingle in the way that I know my body is readying itself for you.

I stroke you gently as I continue to kiss you, my breasts rubbing against your chest while my hand works you. Finally, you pull your pants and underwear down in one quick movement, allowing me to stroke you hard. You moan loudly and shove your hand into my pants, sliding your fingers over my clit and into my warmth, easily sliding into me. It's my turn to moan as you find that spot and rub it hard, knowing exactly how to bring me to the edge. Before I know it I am screaming in ecstasy, gripping your erection as I explode into your hand, gushing as your fingers give me my release.

Panting, my eyes come back to focus on you pulling my pants and soaking panties off my body. I collapse back onto the bed and open my legs wide for you, an unspoken invitation to take me. You look down at my dripping puss and lick your lips. I know you want to taste me and normally I would want that too. I love the feel of your tongue on my sensitive flesh, the way the muscle works my clit and bathes my entire sex with pleasure. But tonight, I am so in need of you that I shake my head and hold my arms out to you. "You," I say. "I want to feel you."

You climb onto the bed over me and look down into my face. The mixture of passion and love I feel is mirrored on your own as you lower yourself on me. Feeling your weight on me excites me again and I part my legs wider. You brace yourself on one hand and grab your cock with the other. You smile as you rub the head of it up and down my wet slit, driving me crazy and making me writhe in expectation. My hips move to meet you, desperately wanting to feel you inside me. Frustrated moans turn to a gasp as you finally guide the tip into my moist opening. Slowly you push inside me, bit by tiny bit, filling me up as I beg you for more. Finally, you are fully inside me, pressing against my cervix and holding it there. My puss pulses around you, needing more. "Please," I beg, "please, please..." It's the only word I can manage to say, but you know exactly what I need.

With one quick movement, you pull almost all the way out of me and I feel so very empty. "Please," I beg again, and before I can say anything else you quickly thrust your entire length into me. I cry out as you slide against my engorged g spot and then again into my cervix. Before I can recover, you pull out and thrust in hard again, and again, and again until my cries become one long keening moan. You build up into a hard, fast rhythm that I match with my hips, feeling your heat match my own as the sensations build. I find myself on the edge again, surprised at it coming so quickly but wanting to feel you come with me.

"Now, my love," I pant. "I want us to come together...come now." You look surprised at my request, but we both know it won't take you long to get hard again once you come. My words do something to you, and suddenly you are at the edge too. Our bodies buck together, your cock plunging in and out of me as we grip each other and in one perfect moment, both go momentarily blind with lust as you explode inside my pulsing sex. Your moans resonate in my ear as I feel your warm cum shoot deep inside me. My quivering puss clutches at you, not wanting to let you go as our breaths slow and you collapse on top of me. Your weight feels wonderful while I moan at the aftershocks with you still inside me. Finally they subside, and you manage to roll off me. You pull me into your arms and I snuggle into you, feeling so perfectly sated and loved, resting and recovering before the next round.

Anyway, that is what I pictured. I miss you and love you and can't wait to see you again.