 Reaching the third floor, Suzy opened the door and stepped into the darkness. It swung closed behind her, eclipsing the light coming from the stairway. Standing in the near black for a few moments, she collected herself, took a deep breath, and walked toward a stool placed against a brick wall on the far side of the loft. Two spotlights mounted on the ceiling illuminated the stool, letting her know where to sit.

She'd been here many times, though it had been nearly two months since her last visit, and she moved slowly in the gloom between the door and the small circle of light. Taking short, careful steps, she felt her way with her feet, and the sound of her high-heeled ankle boots tapping on the hardwood floor echoed in the open space.

Sure Bryan was watching, she tried to listen for any movement other than her own. Reaching the stool, she turned to sit down. The light in her eyes made it impossible to see more than a few feet. Unconsciously, she smoothed the fabric of her mid-thigh length, blue, flower-print dress, letting her fingers travel a few inches past the bottom and across her fishnet-covered thighs.

"I was surprised you called," a voice said.

She jumped when he spoke. Using a hand to shade her eyes, she looked in the direction of the voice.

He had to be close, she thought, but could see nothing.

Trying to disguise her unease, Suzy raked her fingers through her long brunette hair, pulling it back to let it fall past her shoulder blades.

"Were you busy?" she asked, as her hands returned to her lap.

"No," he said. "But, with only two days left, I thought you'd be making last-minute preparations to become Mrs. Suzy Block," he continued.

"That's Suzannah Singer-Block, thank you very much," she retorted. "And, how do you know when the wedding is?"

"Well, I didn't receive my invitation, but we're still friends on FaceSpace," he answered. "You've been posting fairly regular updates about it."

"Yes, I have," she allowed.

"Don't worry, I'm not insulted," Bryan said. "I suppose it would be bad form to invite the guy you've been fucking the entire time you've been engaged."

"It might make it difficult to repeat that 'forsaking all others' vow," she said.

There was something strange about the way she delivered the comment. It caught his attention, but he decided to let it pass.

"So, you thought you'd go slumming one last time before getting married?" he said, more than asked.

"One last time," she repeated, whispering to herself.

"Should I feel honored?" he mocked.

An exasperated sigh escaped her throat.

"I left my bachelorette party to come here," she said.

"Really?" he asked.

"We were drinking and dancing," she revealed.

"With the strippers?" he asked, teasing.

"I told the girls I didn't feel well," she answered.

"And, you thought some cock would make you feel better?" he asked, rhetorically.

"You're such an asshole sometimes, Bryan," she spat.

"Oh, I'm sorry, Counselor," he said.

"Don't call me that," she snapped. "You know I haven't passed the bar yet. At this point, I don't know if I'm even going to take it."

"Isn't your soon-to-be husband going to let you work?" he asked.

"We're not Hasidim," she answered. "I can do anything I want."

"That's mighty nice of him," Bryan said with a laugh.

She crossed her legs and glanced down. Seemingly distracted, she fiddled with the large, sparkling, engagement ring on her finger. Normally, she removed the ring before meeting him, and now he knew for sure something was wrong.

"Well, after all that school, why not take the test?" he asked, softening his tone.

"Look, I have enough people at home telling me what I should or shouldn't do," she said, raising her head. "I didn't come here to listen to you give me bullshit, too."

"What did you come here for?" he asked, knowing - even as the words left his lips - it was the wrong thing to say.

"You know what, I don't know," she said, standing up from the stool. "I'm leaving."

He moved into the light, and she saw he wore a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt. He towered over her; his large frame dwarfing her petite build, and her 5'0" - even augmented by the four-inch heels she wore - seemed slight before his 6'3". His right hand came up and, despite his size, gently took hold of her left shoulder as she passed him. Rotating his body so he could sit on the stool, he spun her as he pulled her to him. She didn't resist, but looked away as their bodies collided.

"Hey, I'm sorry," he whispered, "what's wrong?"

Suzy continued to avoid his gaze. He moved a hand to her chin and turned her head to face him. Tears rolled down her cheeks.

"Come on, tell me," he said.

She leaned forward, attempting to touch her bright red bee-stung lips to his, but he retreated, leaving their faces an inch apart. The smell of her - her body, the sweat from her earlier exertions, the almost effervescent scent of her flowery perfume, even the alcohol remaining on her breath - was intoxicating.

"Please," she croaked.

"What do you want?" he asked, shifting his attention from her sky-blue eyes to her lips.

Suzy put her hands on his knees and quickly slid them up his legs to his crotch. Closing the distance between them, he kissed her hungry mouth. Her tongue met his, and their bodies melted together.

Slipping his hands under her ass, he lifted her, dragging her onto his lap. She straddled him, precariously hooking the heels of her boots on the horizontal supports of the stool. He wrapped his arms around her shoulders as her hands crawled downward between their bodies. Her fingers clawed at his waistband, and she began to grind against him.

"I want you to fuck me right now," Suzy whispered, breaking their kiss.

His right hand fell to his sweats. Awkwardly, he rose from the stool - just an inch - and fumbled to push down the pants. He managed to lower them, exposing the head of his cock, before his bare ass returned to the cool wood. Suzy wasted no time, running her fingers over the tip, exploring the stiffening member.

"That's what I need," she cooed.

Her hands latched onto his shaft, and she stroked him, her hands making jagged movements in the confined space of his lap. His mouth fell open as she began jerking him roughly.

"Suz," he groaned. "Slow down."

She shook her head.

"Give it to me," she hissed.

"What the hell is wrong with you?" he asked.

"I need it, OK?" she shouted. "Are you going to give it to me, or do I have to go find someone else?"

Bryan stared into her eyes, as her fingers guided his cock to her wetness. He felt her yank her panties to the side, then press him against her hole. Thrusting her hips forward, she took him into her pussy. They both gasped as he entered her. Suzy's arms encircled his neck. Hugging him tightly, she gyrated against him. He grabbed Suzy's ass, and pulled her toward him, assisting her motion as she rode him.

"Yes," she murmured in his ear, "that's what I want."

Moving his left hand to her head, he wove his fingers into her hair, and pulled.

"Make me cum," she cried out. "Please, make me cummmm..."

Suzy's cunt contracted around his cock, and she quivered. Her nails tore at his t-shirt, and she moaned his name as she came.

"Cum for me," he mumbled, tickling her neck with his lips.

"Don't you dare stop," she commanded. "Make me cum again!"

Even as she fought for breath, Suzy continued propelling herself into him. Bryan leaned back, trying to look at her.

"Fuck me," she yelled, slamming her fists into his shoulder blades.

"God damn it..." he began.

She didn't stop moving, desperately rocking against him.

"Are you out of your mind?" he demanded.

His hands returned to her ass, cupping her cheeks, and he struggled to stand up. She hung on to his neck and wrapped her legs around him.

"More," Suzy growled in his ear.

Bryan shoved her against the wall, pinning her there with his body, and drove his cock deep inside her. Suzy's eyes went wide as he filled her, and her cry was a combination of surprise, pleasure, and pain. His sweatpants slid to his knees, and her boot heels pressed into the cheeks of his ass. She murmured something he couldn't decipher as he rammed himself into her again...and then again.

Her arms clenched around him, and he increased the speed and force of his thrusts. She squealed as he squeezed her ass hard. Bryan knew she was ready to cum again. Her body pulsated, and her pussy constricted, crushing his cock.

"Cumming," she croaked, weakly.

He could feel her juices running down his balls, coating his inner thighs. Even as her grip on his shoulders weakened, Bryan didn't relent, continuing to push himself against her.

"That's right," he said, "cum all over my cock."

Suzy's eyes rolled back in her head, her mouth hung open, and she shook for more than a minute. Her cunt tried to push him out, but he fought to remain inside her; supporting her weight; balancing precariously with the help of the wall, and shifting his cock in and out, making her cum yet again.

"Keep going," she begged. "Please."

His arms began to ache. Despite her protests, he put her down. She grabbed his cock and stroked him hard. Bryan brushed away her hands, took hold of her shoulders, and spun her. Once more, he squashed her to the wall, face first this time. Standing behind her, his hard cock rested against the damp, white-hot flesh of her back.

Sliding his right hand down her leg, he found the bottom of her dress, then maneuvered upward. His fingers slipped inside the top of her panties, and wandered through a trimmed triangle of dark-brown pubic hair. Finding her clit, he rubbed her roughly. She went limp, but he caught her neck with his left hand, and held her up. Her fingers clawed at the wall, then fell away as she gasped for breath.

Caught between their bodies, Bryan's cock throbbed uncomfortably. He wanted nothing more than to bury his cock in her, but the disparity in their heights precluded that act in this position. Twisting his neck, he kissed Suzy's shoulder, running his tongue over her salty skin.

"Oh, yesssss," Suzy hissed as she began to tremble.

As she came for the fourth time, he ceased his efforts, concentrating only on cradling her; feeling her shake. He loved making her cum, but his own body told him he needed to join her in doing so. As her breathing slowed, she turned her head to look back at him.

"Call me a whore," she said.

It took him a moment to realize what she'd said.

"What?" he asked, not sure he'd heard her correctly.

"Tell me I'm a dirty whore," she said.

He'd never called her that, or anything like it.

"Why?" he asked, stopping his movements. "Where did that come from?"

"I'm getting married in two days," she said, "and, I'm standing here with your fingers up my cunt. What else could I be?"

Dumbstruck, Bryan looked at her silently.

"What?" she challenged, loudly. "Do you want me to be the submissive little woman?"

Pushing herself against him, she knocked him back a step.

"Come on, let's go to bed and you can fuck me missionary style," she yelled. "I'll lay there, stare into space, and do nothing."

His hand returned to her neck, and she gasped as it tightened on her soft flesh. Putting the tip of his nose to hers, he growled as he stared into her eyes.

"Don't leave any marks," she wheezed. "I don't have a choker to go with my wedding gown."

Releasing her throat, he shoved her to the stool, roughly bending her over the top. She laughed at his efforts. As she struggled, her dress rode up to reveal the bottom of her ass. Catching sight of the delicate red lace thong she wore, he slipped his fingers inside the gossamer fabric, and ripped it away, tearing the panties off her body. She howled as they flew into the darkness.

"Is this what you want?" he asked, nudging the tip of his cock into her.

"Are you going to talk to me, or fuck me?" she raged.

He rammed himself into her, his hipbones striking her flawless cheeks.

"You want me to treat you like a whore?" he demanded. "I'll fuck you like a whore."

"Yes," she groaned.

Bryan repeated his action, impaling her on his cock. He pulled back, and then did it again. Giving her no time to recover, he began fucking her hard and fast. She gripped the stool, her nails clutching at the wood, and a small grunt escaped her throat each time he filled her. He looked down, watching her perfect ass bounce with every thrust. Lifting his right hand, he brought it down swiftly, slapping her right butt cheek.

"Motherfucker," she screamed, turning her head to look at him.

She tried to rise from the stool, but he placed his left hand in the middle of her back, and forced her down again. He struck her a second time, the sound echoing around the loft.

"Son of a bitch," she muttered through gritted teeth.

"Shut your whore mouth," he told her as his hand came down a third time.

"If you leave bruises, I'm going to rip your bal..." she began.

He grabbed her hair and pulled her up to him - the new position causing his cock to slip from her pussy. A yelp of pain cut off the end of her threat, and Bryan's right hand once more closed around her neck.

"You'll what?" he asked, quietly.

Suzy's body shuddered against his, and her eyes screwed shut. Bryan released her neck, and slid his right arm around her waist, supporting her as she convulsed. He let go of her hair, and pushed his left hand between her legs, rubbing her clit as she came. She moaned loudly, urging him to keep going.

"Dirty little cunt," he whispered in her ear. "I can't believe you fucking came like that."

She may have tried to nod, but her body continued shaking.

"More," she pleaded, her breathing ragged.

"You filthy slut," he growled. "Why should I make you cum again?"

"Please," she begged.

He manipulated her clit roughly, and her body involuntarily tried to double over, but he held her tightly. No more than a minute passed - the tremors from her last orgasm had not yet faded - and she cried out, warning him she was ready again. A low, animalistic wail filled the air as Suzy came for the sixth time.

As the temporary bliss of her orgasm faded, exhaustion took hold, and her legs gave out. Bryan carefully guided her upper body to the stool, again letting her chest rest there. Grasping the head of the zipper on her dress, he pulled it toward him, allowing the garment to open, exposing the pale skin of her back. He could see she wore no bra. The fingers of his left hand traced along the warm skin over her spine. Reaching her hair, he tugged, and leaned forward, putting his lips to her ear.

"It's my turn," Bryan seethed, determined not to let her recover. "And, I'm gonna cum all over your pretty little face."

"No," she objected. "Don't you dare."

Tightening his grip, he twisted, increasing the tension on her hair. Her mouth fell open in a silent scream, and she slipped off the stool trying to escape.

"You don't get a choice, whore," he mocked as she sank to the floor. "Stick out your tongue."

The dress slid down her arms, then fell to her waist, allowing him to see her perfect, A-cup breasts. He slapped her left nipple, hard, and she cried out in pain. Holding her securely, he guided his cock to her mouth, rubbing the tip over her tongue.

"Lick it," he ordered.

She lapped at the slit, tasting his pre-cum, and he shuddered.

"Open up," he said, pushing his hips forward.

Suzy's lips parted as he slid into her hot, wet mouth, the head proceeding deep into her throat. She gagged, and he pulled back. Her hands rose to his waist, as if to push him away.

"Take your fucking hands off me," he bellowed.

She looked up at him from her knees, as her hands fell to her lap.

"Again," he said.

Suzy shook her head. He frowned and pulled her hair once more. Her mouth opened, and he filled it with his cock. This time, she relaxed her throat, letting him advance until his balls touched her chin. His eyes closed, and he groaned as her gullet clutched at the head, trying to pull him deeper.

Early in their physical relationship, she'd confessed she loved giving him head. The truth was that after a few lessons, and frequent practice, she'd become - in a vulgar description he would never give voice - quite a little cocksucker. In fact, he knew - and had told her - she gave the best head he'd ever received.

He had only one complaint - one he admitted was minor in the grand scheme of things: she wouldn't swallow his cum. It seemed the old wives' tale about Jewish girls wasn't just an old wives' tale. After months of convincing, she'd occasionally let his cum spill out of her mouth onto his cock, then stroke him as he writhed in delightful agony - or let it dribble down her chin and onto her chest. Usually, however, after he came, she'd run off to the nearest sink or garbage can.

Again, Suzy's hands moved upward - his mind clouded with desire, Bryan didn't object to her touch this time - her right wrapping around his shaft and stroking hard while she sucked; the left groping his ass, pulling him toward her. He felt the familiar ache in his balls, and knew he couldn't last much longer.

"I'm gonna cum all over that pretty face," he grunted.

His legs quivered, and his knees threatened to buckle.

"Mmmm, hmmm," she moaned - the vibrations rolled through his entire body, pushing him over the edge into the oblivion of the little death.

He tried to pull his cock from her mouth - to do exactly what he'd told her he would - but she moved with him, somehow keeping her lips wrapped around the throbbing cock as he shot his cum against the back of her throat. She'd waited for this, had wanted it for so long, but had denied herself. This night, for the first time - and, she thought, for what might well be the only time in her life - as a man came in her mouth, she swallowed. She let each stream of the hot, salty liquid slide down her throat. Using both hands, she stroked his cock while her mouth nursed at the head.

"Suzzzz," he panted, fighting to remain on his feet as his body convulsed.

Bryan's right hand searched for the stool; seeking any support. His left hand clamped on the top of her head, and he pumped himself into her. Her tongue danced over his flesh as her small, soft hands milked him for every drop he could give her.

His balls empty, she let him slip from her mouth, and released her grasp. He staggered backward - his sweatpants around his ankles - until his shoulder blades contacted the wall. Kicking off the pants, he slid downward until his ass hit the floor. Still on her knees, Suzy pulled the dress up over her head, and then tossed it onto the stool.

Naked now - except for her boots and thigh highs - she lay down on her back and stared at Bryan. His eyes traveled over her as his breathing slowed. The light make-up she'd applied before leaving home that night had been destroyed by a combination of sweat and tears. Her mascara had run to her cheekbones. Despite this, he thought her beautiful.

"Are you going to tell me what that was all about?" he asked.

"What?" she asked, trying to pretend she hadn't heard his question.

"That 'call me a whore' stuff," he said. "It was like you were possessed."

"Just something new," she said, dismissively.

"Bullshit," he retorted.

"A woman can't be sexually aggressive?" she asked.

"Of course," he shot back, "but you've never acted like that before."

"Do you want the same thing every time?" she responded.

"Hey, variety is the spice of life," he allowed.

"You took to it pretty quickly," she observed.

"You really pissed me off," he said. "You're lucky I didn't hurt you."

"My ass is still sore," she admitted.

"I'm sorry," he said. "Come here, I'll rub it for you."

She remained silent. A minute later, a thought bubbled up in his exhausted brain.
