 His face buried in her neck, breathing heavily. Her legs wrapped tight around his naked sweaty body, bringing him close to her. He thrust in and out of her, quickening his strokes as his breathing sped up. He inhaled quickly, moaning has he exhaled slowly. Knowing what he likes, she guided his hand to her heaving breast, which he grabbed willingly. She pulled his hair, exposing his neck, nibbling softly. He propped up on his knees, pounding into her; she felt herself tighten, preparing for climax. Gritted teeth, closed eyes, a firm hand on her big breast, he released inside her, out of breath and moaning. She squeezed him with her legs, pulling him closer, hoping for a few more thrusts to push her over the edge. His thrusts slowed, she felt him pulse, squeezing the last drops inside her. 

"How was that baby?" she asked, running a hand through his sweat soaked hair.

He grinned at her, lost deep in her green eyes. "Amazing, as usual."

She kissed his forehead, nudged him out of her, and walked across the room to the bathroom. He sat up on the bed and watched. Each of their encounters she did the same thing, and he always watched her walk across the room. His manhood was soaked with their essence, two bodies locked. Getting into this "club" was the best thing that had ever happened to him; otherwise, he may not have ever met her. 

"Listen, I know we've talked about not talking about breaking the rules..."

"LA-LA-LA-LA" she responded with her fingers in her ears. 

He sighed and got out of the bed to go to her. 

"Just hear me out, please."

She had just stepped into her panties and was pulling them over her butt when his hand grabbed her hips. Fingers dug into her hip bones and snatched the breath from her chest. She smacked his hands away and continued to dress. 

"Everyone that's part of this thing has a reason to be here. We need this. The rules keep all this intact and I won't be the one to break the rules and shatter the whole thing." she said, pulling her pants up to her waist. Still naked, admiring her beautiful curves, he leaned against the opposite wall. 

"I'm not saying we make it official, it's one function, and everyone will have 'arm candy'."

"One function?" she exclaimed, snapping her jeans and reaching for her bra. "This one function has how many members of The Club?"

"Probably all of them."

"Exactly!" She turned to face the mirror, adjusting her breasts in her bra. "What better way to be kicked out of The Club. I like it here, I need this. You do too. The Administrator has said its work..." she stopped suddenly. She had said too much. Speaking of the administrator was forbidden and only the B's spoke to her/him, never the A's. 

The Club was formed several years ago by a Psychiatrist named Angela Benson. Dr. Benson had been seeing a young woman with a sex addiction who was finding it very difficult to quench her desire for sexual activity. Another patient was a young doctor who was a nervous wreck before every surgical procedure he performed. To her, she suggested a controlled outlet. A partner with the stamina to meet her needs, a clean bill of health, and unlikely to form an attachment. To him, she suggested a time proven method of stress relief. She gave them both disposable cell phones for discreet contact, and instructed him to contact her before surgical procedures, and her to wait for his contact to make it spontaneous. Neither partner had too many details of the other, and was told to keep conversation to a minimum. Their first encounter was an immediate success leading the young doctor to seek out advanced surgical procedures and skyrocketed his career, while the young lady found a healthy outlet to her urges and minimized the dangerous online behavior she had been doing prior. Dr. Benson saw this social experiment as an opportunity. What if sex before surgery was the key to reducing medical mistakes? This could save lives, greatly improve the quality of care given at her hospital, and as an added perk, decrease malpractice insurance premiums due to the much lower incident number at her facility. 

"You brought her up! It is a woman, isn't it?" he asked her, eagerly.

She screwed up; he would not let this go unless he got something. "Yes, it's a woman. Not another word about it or I have to report it."

"Wow." he said with a step back. "That escalated quickly."

"We both know why we are here." she said, pulling her shirt over her head. "And I've said before, I won't be the one to ruin this for everyone else." She stepped into her shoes, put her keys in her pocket, and grabbed his hands. Still naked, he stood against her. Forehead to forehead they held hands silently for a second. She closed her eyes, fighting back the feelings she had tried so hard not to formulate. He stared down her shirt at her very full chest. 

"Please don't jeopardize this." she said, eyes closed still, her thumbs rubbing the tops of his hands. "I need it as much as you all do."

He let go suddenly, "I'll leave it alone if you don't remind me that there are others. It's hard enough not thinking about it, I really don't need you bringing it up." He gathered his clothes and began to dress.

"I'm sorry, there's just more at stake than you and me." She said, leaning against the doorway, keys in hand. 

"I have surgery soon. You know the rules, you go first." He said dressing himself with his back to her. 

"Well I'm only available for another few days so if..."

He put a hand up, signaling her to stop speaking "I know what to do." 

He walked across the room to her, grabbed her face gently, and kissed her on the lips.

"Thank you, Marilyn" he said with another kiss. "Until next time."

"Until next time."

Procedure dictated that the B's take the detached garage on the left, while the A's used the attached garage to limit exposure. She started her car, backed out of the garage, and headed home. 

"We're not sluts." Vanessa said, finishing another colorful shot. "We provide a service; we are volunteers contributing to the medical community!"

Vanessa, a member of The Club, had introduced Marilyn to The Administrator almost a year ago, hoping to get her in. 

"Would you be quiet about it? Let's get out of here; you know I hate this bar." Marilyn disliked nearly every bar. She was a homebody who preferred a bottle of wine and a good pair of sweatpants over expensive Martinis and heels. 

"Fine." Vanessa said, downing the last colorful shot on the table. "You're driving."

Marilyn had known Vanessa since college. Both graduated with Communications degrees, but had difficulty finding meaningful work. Exclusive "Speak-easy's" tailored to Seattle's wealthy elite provided better pay than cold calling at local television stations, or filling coffee orders for the music producing industry. One of these places is where The Adminstrator approached Vanessa. She was tall, slender, with wide hips and a shapely chest. Hazel eyes and long straight hair from her Caucasian father, light brown skin from her Samoan mother. She was a 10, fit for any modeling industry, if she could contain her drinking. Vanessa was a registered member of The Club for over a year before mentioning it to Marilyn. Dumbfounded, Marilyn had many questions.

"So you just have sex with random guys...just because?" Marilyn asked one night at Vanessa's apartment over drinks and sappy Romantic Comedy movies. 

"They are not random, and there is a reason, I just can't get into details" Vanessa said with a sly grin to her friend. Vanessa thought Marilyn would be a perfect addition to the B's. 

Dr. Benson had recruited 4 local women to "engage" with the 6 doctors in her care. At her insistence, the hospital instituted a mandatory annual psych evaluation for the benefit of the staff. Positions below Charge nurse were excluded. She enjoyed being able to speak with the rest of the staff, but really needed a way to gather doctors. 

"So who would it be? One woman? Many?" a doctor and perspective member asked.

"I have several women who participate. They understand the necessity of the task; have been vetted through background checks, references, under the guise of potential legitimate employment, and a thorough STD panel. All are negative; all are tested bi-monthly."

"And I just tell you I have a Laminectomy, or whatever may present itself, and you arrange a time and place beforehand?"

"I'm working on a calendar type procedure to align availability with the house and all the members, but for now, yes, I'm the middle-man, so to speak. For reasons I'm sure you'll understand, I can't provide references, no other member has been willing to do so. But I can provide results of my study over the course of a year before I started this invitation only club."

The doctor looked at the findings in the charts. Legitimate data, mixed with fictional patient details and locations did lead to a decrease in surgical deaths, post-surgery care, and a dramatic, almost total, decrease in surgical equipment left in patients. 

"The reduction in retained surgical instruments alone is almost worth it." He handed back the study and sat down. "Ok, I'm in"

Marilyn and Vanessa arrived at Vanessa's apartment. Vanessa was very drunk by then.

"Tell me Dr. Green doesn't give you the creeps. I've heard of his skills as a surgeon, but those hands on my body give me the chills." Vanessa said, half awake, stumbling across her bedroom.

"Vanessa please stop, it's just me here but you were loud at the bar, you have to shout to the world about The Club every time you drink. Have you considered leaving?"

Vanessa stopped suddenly and glared at Marilyn. "Leaving? I need this, more than you do! I got you in, and I can't kick you out of The Club, but I can tell you to get the fuck out of my apartment! Go! Now!" Marilyn shook her head as Vanessa continued to yell. She know Vanessa would text her the next day with a smiley face and a half-hearted sorry. Vanessa had demons, and alcohol brought all of them out. Maybe she should say something to Dr. Benson...The Administrator. No names were supposed to be used in this. She started her car and headed home. A familiar ring came from her phone, an emergency request. She pulled off to the side, opened an innocuous weather application on her phone, and searched for weather in ZIP code 99723. What looked like an advertisement for some sort of kitchen appliance was a link to the real app embedded in this weather app. The emergency request wanted someone immediately, some sort of major trauma surgery she imagined. She was out already, upset about Vanessa's behavior, and could use the distraction. She responded to the alert that she could be in the house in 20 minutes. The background on the app turned from red to green, looks like she was getting laid tonight after all. 

Dr. Benson looked over the young lady sitting in her office. Disguised as a patient, she interviewed this potential member of The Club. 

"Vanessa says you'll be a good fit. She's slightly unstable, but has been a great addition to The Club, that's what we call it." Dr. Benson said, not looking up from Marilyn's file.

"Uh yeah, Vanessa and I have been friends for a long time. She was in The Club for a year and I had no idea."

"As long as her alcohol consumption is minimized, her discretion is perfect. Now, about you. What has Vanessa told you? And be honest, I am a psychiatrist, I'll know."

"All I know is that she uses her phone to meet men for a legitimate reason. Honestly, that's all. I'm only here to quiet her requests that I join. "

Dr. Benson looked her over; she would be a good fit, physically. The typical man's fantasy: blonde hair, green eyes, long legs, and large breasts. She was skeptical, which is a good thing. Too eager to join The Club means advanced knowledge of the program, or unrealistic expectations. 

"Vanessa isn't authorized to reveal details." Dr. Benson said, finally looking up from the file. "I can, and will at this time." She set the file down and looked at Marilyn in the eye. 

Uncomfortable with the exchange, and unsure what to do, Marilyn replied "Okay?"

Dr. Benson began immediately: "For the past 3 years, I have matched eager young women, with very hungry sex drives, to practicing surgeons of this hospital. What began as a treatment idea for a nervous doctor and a patient with a sex addiction turned into a full scale social slash medical study. Now, it's evolved into The Club. Doctors request a block of time with a B from the club. I have a number of women, that I won't disclose, matched to a number of male doctors, again, I won't disclose those numbers. The women provide availability, the doctors find a block of time before a scheduled surgery. I have the hard data to prove my process works, The Club has been a great benefit to the medical community, and has saved lives. Let me be very clear on certain points: this is not a prostitution ring. No money, gifts, or services are exchanged. You volunteer with no expectation of payment or reward. This is not a dating service. Personal detail is kept to a minimum and outside contact is VERY strictly forbidden. Your personal relationship status is your business, but be warned, leave it at the door."

Marilyn soaked in the information. Vanessa had been having sex with doctors to calm their nerves before surgery? What a relief! She had thought her friend was some sort of "escort" or something. 

"I see a look of relief in your face, not what you expected?" Dr. Benson inquired.

"Well, close, to be honest. I thought Vanessa was some sort of prostitute."

"Some may say she is, as well as the other people in The Club. I say people because I now have a number of women doctors who require a male B. It's quite the operation. Shall I continue or list the reasons why this will remain a secret and thank you for your time."

Marilyn had to think about that. It sounded dangerous, exciting, and fun! She enjoyed sex as much as anyone else, and this was safer than meeting men at a bar or online.

"I want to know more. I'm strangely interested."

"It shouldn't be strange. A woman of your age in good health should have an appetite for sex. It's part of our DNA, and a sign of a healthy life. Now, you'll be vetted through a criminal background check, credit check, references under the guise of legitimate employment, and an STD panel will be performed every two weeks. You're welcome to provide your own contraception, or I can issue it as your doctor. 'Normal' sexual activities are expected with minimal work on the A's part, that's how the doctors will be referred to at this point forward. This isn't a fetish group, anything considered 'strange' must be submitted to me before attempting. Sexual intercourse in varying positions, oral sex, both giving and receiving, and anal sex is all requested. Your prescription contraception and the mutual STD panels negate the use for condoms, so they are not encouraged. At this time, none of the A's or B's use them. Ejaculation can and will occur in and on various parts of your body. Is this too much for you?"

"I've never had anal sex; I've never had a desire to."

"If done properly it can be pleasurable for both partners. Enough time in The Club and it will come up. The A's don't take to 'No' very well. I suggest you review your position on the subject."

"Okay. Well...I want in. I want to join The Club"

"I'm glad to hear that. You'll be a welcome member. A recent request of 'nothing exotic' will be well met. You'll need to download this application; I'll show you how to use it once you're all the way in. Once your background check and tests come back, I'll show you to the house. You will use the left detached garage; the A's will use the attached garage on the right. Their faces are more widely known, even though the house is in a discreet location, close to the hospital" 

"I suppose I'll look forward to your call?"

"Yes, I look forward to the results. See my nurse to schedule the blood tests, and don't mention The Club outside of this room"

Marilyn arrived to the house to meet her emergency contact request. The app background turned green to let her know that the A was in the house already. She arrives last, and leaves first, more not to see his car and gather more personal information than necessary. She used the keypad to open the garage door, parked her car, and entered the house. 

"I am so glad it was you." her partner for the even said as he got up off the couch to approach her.

"I'm glad I was out already so I can..."

"Listen I don't have a lot of time. Several ambulances will arrive soon with patients from an accident and once they are through the Trauma Ward I'll be in surgery for hours."

She tossed her keys on the counter and pulled off her shirt.

"Sit down" she said, looking at him seductively. 

He was taken aback by her frankness, but complied. She untied his scrub pants, pulling them off his legs, revealing his thickening cock. She scooted on her knees up to him, pulling off her bra, unsnapping her jeans, showing the top of her black lace panties. He spread his legs, welcoming her, put his arms up on the top of the couch, and leaned his head back. She grabbed the top of his throbbing cock, only the head showing from her hands, which she kissed and licked gently. She stroked lightly, up and down, with her hands, her hot breath and soft tongue swimming on his head. A drop of pre-cum emerged from his head, she squeezed him to get his attention, and smeared his early cum across her lips as he watched. Their eyes locked as her lips wrapped tight around his shaft and she buried his hard cock in her throat. Each stroke, she felt his head on the back of her throat, her lips touching his hip bone. She stroked his balls gently, feeling him harden further. He brushed the hair from her face, guided his hand down her back, around her arm, getting a handful of her big breast. Her sucking increased speed and pressure. She pulled the skin tight to the base of his shaft and sucked eagerly, up and down, in and out, her tongue lapping the head as it passed her jaw. 

"Let's go to the bed, can we...can we try again?" he inquired to her. 

She continued to stroke his cock, soaked with saliva, laying her head on is thigh, admiring its girth and general appearance. She stood up, pulled off her pants, panties, and straddled him, putting his face between her breasts, which he grabbed eagerly. She reached back and guided his cock inside her, and began rocking her hips. Her legs and back remained still, while her hips rose up and down on him. He alternated sucking on her nipples, squeezing her breasts, his hands finding their way all over her body. She moaned as his girth stretched her, and hit spots other men could not. His request was not an uncommon one; she had gathered that most of the A's are married. You can remove the ring, but not the indention or the tan line. Anal sex must not be common in their marriages, all but one A had requested it, but his impressive girth made it more difficult. 

"Do you really want to try again?" She said on top of him, his hands squeezing her breasts tight, his tongue dancing on her nipples. 

Between moans he said "Yes, yes baby, I do."

She slowed her hips, tossing in a tight twist to her up and down. She kissed his forehead, his cheek, held on his lips briefly. "Let's get in the bed then."

She stood up suddenly, causing him to cry out. 

"Not funny!" he said as he followed her to the bedroom. Naked, she crawled to the head of the bed, gathered the pillows, and stacked them underneath her. She reached into the nightstand, gathering individual lubricant packets. "Working" for a hospital had its advantages. 

"Are you sure you want..."

She stopped him there. "Just do it slowly, ok? "

"Ok baby."

He crawled on his knees to the bed, viewing her beautiful behind. Her long legs swayed slightly back and forth, her tight, shaved pussy in full view, but his prize was slightly above. He had tried anal sex with her after a couple meetings, he wasn't sure how many. They had been on their left side, one if his hands under her neck, holding her hands, the other pouring lubrication on him, and inside her. He had aligned his throbbing head with her sweet opening, grabbed her breast with a slippery hand and said "It won't feel right, but you need to push back on me, you know, like you're.."
