 He was trying to concentrate. He was finding it very hard. Her thighs were now encased in her jeans, no longer a temptation, or so you might think. They were in a restaurant, waiting for their food. She sat beside him. She was talking about a book she had been reading. And he was interested, he really was. But each time he looked down he couldn't wrench his eyes away from her thighs, crossed under the table, the way the denim clung to their strong curves. His eyes followed the seam from the knee up and up. At the top the seams made a small triangle. He watched as she pushed her hand down between her legs. He could imagine exactly how it felt, sandwiched there, the heat of her thighs, the pressure of them crossed together at the knees. He looked away.

When his eyes met hers she was smiling. She had noticed. 

"I need some water," she announced, getting up and picking up her glass. "You want some?"

"Yes please," he said. He watched her walk away which was, of course, the point.

The denim fit her well, it clinged to her bottom, and was looser around her calves. She was wearing a black shirt on top, it was thin and he could see the outline of her bra underneath. She bent over, there really wasn't any need, but she made out like she was tying a lace. As she did he watched the thong string creep up her back. He smiled. He enjoyed the fact that this whole dance was for him. He liked that he knew exactly which thong she was wearing and how she felt wearing it. He loved the fact that when they returned to the apartment, (which would be soon now, he knew) he would find that the thong was wet. 

She walked back towards him, her thighs crossing as she came, hips dipping. As she sat down he reached behind her and tugged her shirt down. 

"Thanks," she said.

"You're welcome," his smile said it all. I see you. I want you. 

They finished their meal and walked back to the apartment holding hands. When they crossed the road he would put his hand in front of her until the traffic had passed. As they went through the front door she felt his hand on the middle of her back, guiding her. 

"Wine?" She asked.

"No thanks, I'll just have water."

They could have sat on the sofa and watched TV. They have could have made coffee and sat on the veranda chatting. They could have played chess. They didn't.

He watched her from the kitchen table. As she reached up for the bottle of wine her shirt lifted again, he enjoyed the curve of her waist, the in and out as it followed on to her hip. She bent over to retrieve the bottle opener from a lower drawer and he appreciated the strength, the bend and curve of those thighs. She lifted the bottle to pour, he delighted in her arm, and the revelation of her breast when she put the bottle down.

He met her at the counter; stood at her back, leaning into her. He felt the curves he had been adoring touch his body and he wanted skin. 

Pulling back her hair he revealed her throat, he leant in. He kissed his way down from her ear, over the smooth skin of her shoulder. He lifted her head and kissed his way under her chin to her collar bone. His hand traced down from her chin between her collar bones, between her breasts, over the curve of her stomach down to the button on her jeans. 

She leaned back into him, feeling his body behind her. Feeling the strength, the support, the heat of him. She felt his dexterous hands unbutton her jeans and unzip the fly. His hands were warm when they slipped past the denim and down onto her drenched thong.

Standing there in the kitchen, the sunlight coming over the roofs and lighting up the surfaces she leaned back into him, enjoying the feel of his warm hands inside her. Enjoying the sounds of his excitement behind her. Loving that she could feel how excited he was just by arching her back. Her jeans were on the floor. So was her thong. Her shirt unbuttoned. Her bra holding on only to her shoulders.

With one hand cupping her breast he separated her lips and pushed his fingers between them. She moaned as he hit the spot. He lifted his hand and turned her face so he could kiss her. The kiss was deep, long, his tongue moved expertly, his lips tasted her. As he kissed her his multi-tasking hand pushed two fingers inside her, stroking her with pressure. She moaned and arched into him. 

She turned and kissed him back, his fingers slipped out of her and his hand moved to caress her waist. As her tongue moved so did her fingers. She had his jeans around his ankles in seconds. She kissed her way down his chest whilst undoing his shirt buttons. She worked her way slowly, sucking on a nipple, running her tongue over a hip bone. As she knelt down she brought her hands up the inside of his legs. He felt her warm skin against his, the slight drag of her short nails, his skin was on fire. He was already hard but as she licked carefully up his shaft the blood pulsed harder. She gripped him carefully, but without fear. He leaned back as he felt her hot mouth cover his tip. He used the counter to help him stand as she sucked. When her tongue moved slowly from the rim over his little hole he could stand no more and sank to the floor. 

She bent over onto him, and he ran his hands down her back, he brought his hands round her hips and onto her thighs. He lifted her face and kissed her. Then taking himself he motioned to her to do the same. They sat there on the kitchen floor, clothes scattered around them, sunshine warming their bodies. He moved his hand expertly up and down his throbbing cock. She moved so that her thighs were over his. As his hand moved, his cock moved down and hit her right on her open and waiting cunt. She held her lips open, her finger moved slowly, deliberately around her clit. They brought themselves to the edge like this. Watching each other, loving the intimacy of seeing each other close up.

"Don't come." She said. Standing up she lead him from the room. Going to the bedroom she pulled a box over to the bed. Then took his hand and lead him to the bed. "You pick something for me," she said, "and I'll pick something for you." 

He looked into the box. He knew the contents well; it was his favourite kind of toy box. They sat together on the bed and sorted through the box, it was a pretty big box. As he sat his cock, which had gone a little limp, started to harden up again. He remembered toys they had used, games they had played. Finally he found what he was looking for. Pulling it out of the box he showed it to her.

"Really?"

"Yep."

"You sure?"

"I think you look good with a tail!"

"OK. Then I get to use the vibrator on you."

"Vibrator and butt plug, seems like you're getting lucky today!" 

"The vibrator is for you!"

"Pretty sure you will get some of the benefits though."

"Hope so."

"Lay down," he said, "Face down."

He didn't touch her at first. He stood back and admired this masterpiece lying on their bed. The way her hair set off her skin. The arch of her back, the round of her ass, the curve of her thigh, the dip behind her knees, the delicate tapering to her ankles. He laid his hands there first, on her ankles. She felt the heat of his fingertips as he ran light circles over her ankle bones. She felt the heat of his breath as he leaned in to lick his way up from heel up her calf into the dip behind her knee. His hand traced the journey on the other leg. He worked his way up the inside of her thighs with his tongue, his hand gently pushing her legs apart. He pushed both hands up over her butt cheeks, savouring their shape. He moved his hands over her back, feeling the muscles under his hands, relaxing the tension she held in her shoulder blades. 

As he sat over her bottom his cock grew hard again. He left her lying there as he worked his way back down her body, pulling her cheeks apart he traced down the crack with his finger tips. Leaning over he pulled the lube from the box and a small bullet vibrator. He squeezed the lube onto her cute rosebud and moved the liquid around with his finger. She pulled her legs further apart and arched back into the pressure on her asshole. He replaced his finger with the bullet, and turned it on. She gasped as the vibrations came and went; feeling his hands kneading her butt cheeks, feeling his hard-on at her hip. He pushed the vibrator into her ass several times, slowly, carefully pulling it back out by the cord. Each time she moaned louder. Her hand was under herself now; he knew if he reached between her legs he would find her fingers hard at work on her clit. He watched her asshole slowly relax as he pulled out the bullet one more time. 

He squeezed a little more lube into her crack and picked up the toy he had chosen. He moved the butt plug backwards and forwards, lubing it up, circling it, and teasing her little rosebud with it. Then finally he added pressure and pushed it into her ass. He tugged on it a few times, enjoying the sound of her moans. Then he lifted her up. As he moved her he caught sight of the furry tail that now protruded from her butt, his own little bunny. 

"Having fun?" she said, catching his smile as he looked in the mirror.

"You look cute with a tail! I like it." He liked it even more when she wiggled her beautiful round ass and giggled. 

"Lay down," she said. She straddled him and leaned down to kiss him, he felt the tail tickling his stomach. She moved down his body slowly, her hands teasing, appreciating him. She nibbled on his nipple and cupped his balls. When she took out the vibrator she started at his ankles. She worked her way, alternating between light kisses, tongue and vibrator. She moved up one side, then back down the other. As the vibrator made its way up his thighs he started to moan. When she finally touched his cock he was desperate, aching for her. The vibrator was intense, but together with the lube she had lathered on his cock it felt great, especially when she ran it up the shaft and over his tip. 

He loved it when she sat on top of him, facing his feet. She bent over, and took him in her mouth. He got a full clear view of her hot, dripping cunt, whilst simultaneously feeling his balls inside her hot wet mouth. He grabbed at her ass and brought her cunt down onto his face. She pushed her clit in towards his tongue and sucked his dick into her mouth. He moved his hands back and pushed a finger inside her. She ran the vibrator over his balls while licking his tip. When her movement got stronger and he could feel her moans on the taught hot skin of his dick he started to tug gently on the butt plug. She added her hands to the work she was doing at his crotch. One at the base, the other on his balls, working them in time with her mouth and tongue. The feeling was intense, and very good. He dipped his tongue in and out of her and ran it in long strokes around her cunt, sucking the little nub into his mouth.

There came a point when they just wanted to be connected, literally. She slid around and faced him. He tasted his pre-cum as she kissed him, she tasted herself. She pulled him up so his back was on the head rest. She moved so they were sitting face to face, then lifting her leg she slowly lowered herself onto his hard cock. He felt the hot wetness of her as she slipped over him. She felt him harden as he went deeper. Here he had full access. His hands went roving. He sucked her nipples, biting, pulling them as she gasped and rose. His hands circled her hips and moved back over her ass. He locked a finger round the butt plug so he could tug on it in time to her rising. She arched her back. They kissed deeply and when they came up for air he moved the vibrator between them. Lodging it there he moved his hand and rubbed a finger over her nipple. She bent over and nibbled on his. In the mirror he could see the tail dipping up and down as she moved herself on him. Looking down he laid his hands on those thighs he hadn't been able to take his eyes off. They were at their best now, taught and strong, supporting her weight and curving down over him. As she rose he pushed his hands down between her legs feeling the heat radiating up them. He felt her squeeze them and the muscles inside her gripped him tighter as she lifted herself. 

He replaced the vibrator with his finger and thumb. He ran it around from her clit down to her cunt, back and around. He used gentle pressure, but he went slowly. Even as she started moaning and moving faster, even as he felt his cum rising his finger moved with slow, deliberate purpose. 

He lifted and spun her. She was sitting in his lap now. Her back against his chest, the tail at his stomach. He kept his fingers moving in her hot wet cleft. She crouched and lifted herself up and down on his hard cock. Her muscles inside grabbing at him. He grabbed her breast with his spare hand and rolled her nipple between his finger tips, she arched and moaned again. She moved faster on him and he was struggling to keep his control. He longed for the release and knew it wouldn't be long. She wanted his fingers to move harder on her, faster, but she knew that the slow pressure would bring her to a crashing climax. She was close, she could feel the pleasure building inside her. She could feel the butt plug inside her, its fluffy tail tickling her ass. She could feel as it pushed against the thin wall inside her and his cock slid by it. She pushed him down the bed and swivelled on him. He moved quickly inside of her and pulled her ass cheeks apart. As she came back down on him he tugged on the plug and the pressure of his cock stretching her and the plug pushing up against him pushed her over the edge. 

It was her orgasm that pushed him over. The thrill of her riding him, of her cunt grasping his cock firmly, of her juices spilling over his hot dick. Her breasts bouncing above him, nipples hard. Knowing that he had helped her get here, knowing that he knew how to get her here. He came inside her, filling her up.

They lay there, coupled for some time. Her nakedness warming him. Finally he held her tight around the waist and when he lifted her she wrapped her legs around him. He carried her off to the shower. Where, he hoped he would take her again.