 David awoke early Saturday morning, watching the sun come streaming through his windows. He sat up in bed and stretched after deciding he'd get no more sleep today. As he downed a glass of orange juice, he vaguely wondered what to do with his day. Being a bookish sort, he settled on a trip to the bookstore to find a new novel to bury himself in.

Once he got there, he found himself immediately drawn to the erotica section—he did visit often enough to have a good idea of what books were kept in stock, but he didn't spend a lot of money on what he found. He hadn't been able to find a girl willing to let him take her home when he'd gone bar-hopping last night (he generally steered clear of alcohol, since he liked to stay in control) and needed some kind of release. A good erotic story would be a nice change, he thought.

Upon rounding the corner to the appropriate shelf, he immediately saw someone already there—Damn, he thought. He really wanted to be alone, browsing this sort of thing. It was a woman—she looked a little older than him, probably twenty-four or so. She was sitting on the floor, cross-legged, an open book on her lap. She was wearing blue jeans and a black t-shirt. She had short raven hair that fell neatly about her shoulders—her face was downcast, focused on her book, so David couldn't see her face. He stood there a moment, then went ahead and started browsing, figuring she wouldn't notice him, since she was so centered on the book she was reading. He found a book whose title printed in bold on the spine struck him as a possible keeper. Pulling it from the shelf, he sat on the floor to read through a few paragraphs.

After a couple of sentences, his eyes began to wander. He looked through the edge of his vision at the young woman sitting across the aisle from him. She was still focused on her book, but he noted now that although she looked a little overweight, she was definitely attractive, and her slightly large frame did nothing to diminish her curves. Even sitting down, she was definitely one of the most shapely women he'd seen. Her breasts—only slightly larger than hand-sized—heaved slightly as she breathed every few seconds. David bit his lip and kept watching her. He noticed that she was only holding the book with her left hand. Her right disappeared under the book—he couldn't see quite what she was doing with it, but from what he could see of its movement, it looked like she was stroking the front of her jeans.

He immediately felt his prick growing in his pants. He'd never seen a woman masturbate before, certainly not in public. Swallowing hard, he decided to break the ice (hoping she wouldn't break him for interrupting her). "Do you like erotica?" He figured she must be reading the same sort of thing he was.

She looked up at him, then looked right and left. She smiled a little sheepishly. "Actually, I'm—not here looking for reading material," she said half-apologetically. "I'm kind of doing research."

"Research? For what?"

She looked down and her cheeks flushed slightly. "I'm trying to be an erotic writer. But I—um. Don't have any experience."

"With writing? Or with being erotic?"

She smiled. "Well, with either, really. I mean, I don't exactly have to beat the guys away with a stick, obviously," she said, making a gesture toward her abdomen, seeming to indicate her slightly larger-than-average stature.

"You're kidding. I mean—" David cut himself off, stifling the brash comment that had almost escaped.

She kept looking at him. "What?"

He shrugged. "Well . . . I'd sleep with you. I think you're gorgeous."

She looked away, blushing just a little and smiling sheepishly. "That's nice of you to say, but . . . I know big rolls of fat aren't exactly attractive."

"You're being too hard on yourself—I mean, you're a little overweight, sure, but who isn't these days?" He paused for a moment. "Besides," he continued, "I kind of like that in a woman—I think I saw too many concentration-camp films when I was in school."

She seemed to consider him for a moment, biting her lower lip as she gazed at him. Jeremy noticed her eyes seemed to wander from his face to his crotch—he still had his book there, barely hiding his erection. After a few seconds of this, she extended her hand across the aisle. "I'm Karen."

"David," he said, shaking her hand. "Do you want to go somewhere a little more comfortable and talk? I think there's some armchairs around here somewhere."

She nodded, and they successfully sought out a pair of chairs where they talked about a host of topics--their conversation trimmed with innuendo—not the least of which was sex, and how little they were both getting. Finally, after a little more than half an hour, David brought up a question that had been weighing heavily on his mind. "Do you want to go somewhere a little more . . . private?"

Karen hesitated before replying and David thought he saw her tremble a little. She took a deep breath, then said: "I know what you're thinking. I didn't even know you existed an hour ago. I hardly know you at all. You seem really nice, and I like you, but I don't know if it's such a good idea." David had almost given in to defeat when she continued: "On the other hand . . . " he looked back at her, into her green eyes as she said " . . . On the other hand, I really want to fuck you."

David shrugged. "You only live once," he said, by way of reply.

Karen seemed to think for a minute, before finally deciding. She nodded. "Let's go."

Less than ten minutes later, they were at his apartment—David had just barely closed the door behind him when Karen pressed herself to him, covering his mouth with her own and rubbing her body against him. He could hear tiny moans coming from her as her hands roamed his chest. He wrapped his arms around her torso, holding her close to him. He could feel the heat of her body—and she was hot. He gripped the hem of her t-shirt and began working it up. She pulled away from him just long enough for him to get it over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra. Her breasts were full and soft. Her areolas were about the size of nickels and her nipples were already becoming erect. He took one in each hand, twisting gently. Karen threw her head back, moaning softly. He leaned down to take one of her nipples in his mouth. Her body smelled like baby powder. He took as much of her breast into his mouth as he could, running his teeth over her nipple. "Ooh, yes," she whispered. After a moment, she stopped him, pulling him up to face her. Cupping his face in both her hands, she pulled him in close for a kiss. David was surprised when her tongue pushed past his lips, forcing its way into his mouth. He sucked gently as she probed him while his hands ran up and down her back.

She seemed to squirm a little and David couldn't feel her hands. He opened his eyes and cocked his head, trying to get a look at what she was doing. He saw her undoing her jeans and trying to wriggle out of them without breaking the kiss. Placing his hands on her shoulders, he pushed her back gently. He smiled as she looked at him. "Let's get a little more comfortable," he said, nodding toward the couch.

Karen sat first, sinking into the large, soft cushions a little. David knelt on the floor in front of her, gently pushing her knees apart as he leaned down to smell her pussy. He was pleasantly surprised to discover that she obviously kept herself clean—a lot of girls he'd had experiences with didn't bother so much, and ended up smelling like a crate of dead fish. Karen, on the other hand, had a warm, earthy smell that David found very pleasant. He thought he could smell a hint of rose—but only a hint.

Karen's pussy was visually titillating in itself—she had a very light patch of hair that was restricted to her mons, leaving the view of her vulva itself clear. Her inner labia protruded just slightly and her clit was easily visible; the hood was long and thin. He kissed her there, then slipped his tongue inside gently, rubbing it softly against her clit. Karen squirmed and ran her hands through his hair as she moaned softly. She was already wet, and David's tongue moved in and out easily, causing her to moan with each movement. He alternated between this and sliding his tongue up and down each side. Karen sighed contentedly, gripping his hair in both her hands. Every so often, her hips pushed forward slightly to meet his mouth. David took his right hand from her thigh and slid two fingers into her, eliciting a moan. Moving his fingers in and out in a slow, steady rhythm, he began sucking on her clit.

"Mm, that feels good," he heard her whisper. As he continued this motion, he could hear her gasping in high-pitched cries. He could tell she was getting close. He sucked harder and pushed his fingers deeper inside her. "Aaah, fuck! Oh, just like that, baby … Ooh, I'm gonna come!" David found himself struggling for breath as Karen forcibly kept his face pinned to her. He took it in stride, however, not losing his rhythm. He could feel her whole body shaking now as she clamped her legs around his head and virtually screamed out her orgasm in incoherent bursts.

As Karen fell inactive, she released her death-grip on David's head, and he lifted himself up to look at her. Her eyes were half closed as she rested her head back on the cushions of the sofa. She smiled, beckoning with her right hand. "That was great. Now c'mere and kiss me." He leaned forward and covered her mouth with his. Her left hand grasped the back of his neck, pulling him close to her while he felt her right hand cupping the front of his jeans. She moaned as he pressed his lips to her, pulling down his zipper.

Karen finally broke their kiss and leaned forward to pull his jeans down. A small moan of appreciation escaped her as she saw his prick. She looked up from it into his eyes. "Not too big, not too small. Just right," she smiled. She leaned forward to kiss him, gripping his cock in her hand. "Now," she whispered. "Take off your shirt and fuck me."

Without another word, David obliged, pushing her back into the sofa cushions again and leaning forward as she guided him inside her. She moaned loudly as he entered. So soft and warm were the folds of Karen's pussy, David had to focus intensely to keep from coming to orgasm immediately. He leaned down to kiss her neck as he began slowly moving in and out. Karen's hands wrapped around his body and he could feel her fingernails lightly scratching their way down his back. She sighed. He moved his face up opposite hers to kiss her. As he did, her hands glided down his back to his ass, her fingers digging into his flesh. "Fuck me," she moaned. "Fuck me hard."

Happily, David complied, letting her hands guide him in and out in short, hard thrusts about half a second apart, each eliciting a sharp breath from Karen. He leaned into her, feeling the intense warmth of her body close to him as he began thrusting faster. Karen moaned loudly. "Aah, I want it. Oh, god, baby, fuck me. AAH, harder!"

It was actually several minutes, but to both of them, it seemed much too short a time when David whispered into her ear "I'm gonna come, baby."

Karen's reply was immediate. "Give me your cock. Put it in my mouth; I want to taste your come."

David's thrusts stopped and with a reluctant moan, he withdrew and stood up. Karen sat up immediately taking him inside her mouth and beginning to suck. David took hold of her head, burying his hands in her gorgeous raven hair as she sucked him to climax. With a final moan, he felt himself shoot into her mouth as she moaned in reply.

Slowly, Karen removed her mouth from David's prick, planting a kiss on the tip before sitting back. For his part, Jeremy sank onto the sofa beside her, virtually spent. He turned his head to look at her. "Did you just swallow that?" he asked.

She nodded. "Well, yeah."

David put a hand across her belly and planted a quick kiss on her lips. "I love you, he whispered."

It took a moment for her to react. A sort of hopeful look crossed her face. "You mean it?"

David shrugged. "Yeah, I guess I do."

Karen broke into an overjoyed smile that David thought was just about the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. "I love you, too," she said.