 Cynda's palms were sweaty as she gripped the steering wheel. She had never done anything like this before. She spent the whole hour-plus car trip wondering if she was doing the right thing.

As she pulled into his driveway, she realized there was no going back. Her body told her to walk to his front door; her mind was full of doubt. "What if he's a total creep?" she thought. But her body won. Something deep inside her, something sensual, told her to meet him. She needed to be loved in the way only a man can love a woman. And she had the feeling that he was that man.

Cynda stepped out of her blue 1997 Chevy Lumina. It wasn't in perfect condition, but it worked. She was wearing a pair of jeans that flattered her round ass and ample hips. Her shirt was a dark blue, button-down with 3/4 length sleeves. She thought of it as her "sexy-casual" outfit.

She took deep breaths as she walked up to his front door. "Okay, Cynda, you can do it," she whispered to herself as she rang the doorbell. Her stomach was full of butterflies. This was the first time she had ever met Alfred, or Fred for short. 

Fred answered the door. Cynda was pleasantly surprised. He stood 6'3" tall with gorgeous red hair and brown eyes. He was lean and muscular, a contrast from Cynda's curvaceous, womanly form. 

"You're even more handsome than I imagined you to be," Cynda smiled and broke the ice.

"And you're more sexy than I imagined," Fred returned the smile.

"Are you ready to go to dinner?" Cynda asked. They were going to go to dinner to see if the chemistry was right. If things went well, they planned to go to Cynda's apartment in the city for a night of really getting to know each other. 

Fred replied, "I'd love to go to dinner with you."

She lead him to her car. He opened the driver's door for her. Cynda loved the gentlemanly notion. She started the car as he walked to the passenger side and got in. 

Fred gave directions to his favorite restaurant and before long, they were enjoying a great meal and even better conversation. Cynda felt the butterflies subside and her muscles relax. She wanted to take him home. By the time the bill came, the conversation had turned sexual. Cynda was getting very turned on and from the look on Fred's face and the tone of his voice, she figured that he was pretty turned on, too. Her panties were moist with anticipation. 

When the bill arrived, they split it 50-50. Going Dutch is always the best idea for the first date. They paid it quickly and headed for Cynda's car. 

They got in and before she started the car, she asked, "Do you wanna come home with me? I really want you to."

Fred leaned across the seat and kissed her passionately. He licked her lips teasingly, but did not let her taste his tongue. 

"I take that as a yes," Cynda smiled as she started her car. 

The sexually charged conversation continued on the ride home. About 45 minutes into the trip, Cynda decided to try something. With her left hand on the steering wheel, she reached her right hand over to the noticeable bulge in Fred's pants. Through the cloth, she rubbed and massaged his cock.

The conversation slowly died as Fred closed his eyes and leaned his head back. After about 10 minutes of rubbing, Cynda told him to unzip his pants and pull down his underwear. His impressive and very hard cock sprang free. She played with his balls, teasingly, for a little while. The she slowly slid his hand up his shaft and teased his head. She rubbed it with her thumb and forefinger until she felt a few drops of pre-cum seep from his dick. It was just enough lubrication. She slid her hand up and down his shaft. Soft moans escaped his lips. Her exit approached and she pulled off the highway. At a stoplight, Cynda leaned over and licked the head of his cock quickly. She could tell that he was about to cum, but they arrived at her apartment first.

"We'll have to finish that later," Cynda coyly said as she turned off the car. Fred pulled his throbbing member into his pants and got out of the car. She unlocked the door to her tiny apartment and let him in. As soon as the door was closed and locked behind them, she dropped to her knees and unzipped his pants. His cock leapt from his silk boxers. In no time, Cynda sucked him off. He shot his large, sweet load into her mouth. She gulped to swallow it all. 

When he was finished, Cynda stood up slowly, keeping her face within inches of his body and her hands on his sides. Her face met his and their lips met. Fred could taste a hint of his salty sweetness on her lips and when he slipped his tongue in her mouth, the taste was even stronger.

"Put your underwear back on, but keep your pants off," Cynda said as she walked to her stereo. She turned on Aerosmith's "Cryin'" and pulled a chair from her kitchen table. She pointed to the chair, "Sit there."

Fred obeyed. "You can only touch me when I say you can. I'm going to put on a little show for you," Cynda smiled as she began gyrating her hips and unbuttoning her shirt. She sensually unbuttoned her blouse, slowly exposing her lacy bra. When it was completely undone, she tossed her shirt aside. She approached him and straddled his lap, grinding her pelvis into his as she touched him sensually.

After a few minutes of that, she stood up again and removed her pants, socks and shoes. She was just wearing her bra and panties. Then she straddled his lap and pulled his shirt off, exposing his manly chest. Cynda kissed his ears, neck and shoulders. She could tell that he wanted to touch her, please her, but he couldn't. Cynda leaned back and unhooked her bra, letting her breasts fall out. Her nipples were hard and they ached to be sucked.

"I want you to touch me now," Cynda whispered in his ear. "Touch my breasts. Rub them, kiss them, suck them–whatever you want."

Fred rubbed her nipples between his thumb and forefinger while Cynda continued to grind her pelvis to his. She could feel the bulge growing in his silk boxers and her lacy panties were getting wetter and wetter.

He moved his lips to her breasts. His hot, wet tongue felt so good on her aching breasts. Cynda moaned, for she was nearing orgasm. Her grinding became more furious and her breathing quicker.

"I'm . . . cuming . . . I'm . . . cuming!" Cynda cried between breaths. While her body shook with orgasm, he continued to suck and lick her breasts. 

"Now it's time for the REAL fun," Cynda smiled as she grabbed his hand and lead him to her bedroom. She sprawled on her bed, still wearing her now-soaked panties. Fred kissed her on the lips, then kissed his way down to her pelvis. He removed her panties and began to lick her clit.

"Not now, Fred. I want you inside me in the worst way. I want you to fuck me."

Without missing a beat, he kissed back up to her lips. Their bodies were close together, hot and sweaty. Cynda loved missionary position because she loved to feel his body so close to hers.

She tilted her pelvis up and he slowly entered her, easing into her silky pussy. Waves of pleasure rippled through her body with every inch of meat he thrust into her. Once he was fully into her, he held himself there for a minute. Cynda moaned loudly; she liked to be kind of noisy in bed.

He slowly pulled out and started a slow, grinding rhythm. Cynda moaned and sighed with pleasure. "Mmm . . . Fred . . . faster . . . harder."

He immediately picked up the speed. She felt his balls slapping against her ass. Their breathing grew faster and Cynda's moans grew louder.

"I'm . . . fucking . . . cuming!" she screamed. Her pussy walls tightened and milked Fred's member until he came, filling her cunt with his seed. 

Breathless, they laid side-by-side on her bed, cuddling and whispering until they fell asleep in each other's arms.