 Arthur's note: This is my first attempt at writing so please excuse any errors. While criticism is welcome...please be gentle...after all this is my first time.

" So let me drive my body around ya, I bet you know what I mean.  Cause you know that I can make  you believe in love, sex and magic."  Ciara-Love sex and Magic

Annie,

I have been sitting here thinking about my tongue buried deep in your pussy, pulling your very essence into my mouth, the tip of my nose teasing your clit. MMM...I can taste it now...are you wet for me?

Wow... this e-mail was short and to the point. It was enough though. A tingling of awareness started around my inner thighs and took a slow electrifying journey straight to my pussy, causing it to pulsate with need (and I'm definitely in need). Our playful exchanges keeps me in a state of arousal. The sexual energy he weaves into his words seem to flow out of the computer and wrap themselves around me like a warm summer breeze.

What can I say? Aiden...he is my lover, my friend, and my soul mate. We have been married for three years. He has been out of the country for two weeks and due back sometime today...yes I am definitely wet for him. He is the epitome of tall dark and sinfully handsome. A body like a God here on earth. Long black hair, midnight blue eyes and lips that were made for kissing...full and wide, just begging to be bit. 

Well... I thought, I'll just let him know just how wet I am:

Aiden,

Yes baby, I am SO wet for you...even as I type this, my hand is caressing my tight swollen breast, rolling and pinching my nipple. Oh baby...my nipple is so hard...It's reaching out for you, wanting your mouth to wrap around it, wanting the feel of your teeth biting and pulling it, then your tongue laving it with love. My pussy is weeping for you, missing the feel of your hard cock filling it. 

Are you hard for me? Is your cock throbbing? Imagine my tongue running up and down your shaft, around the head before it slips inside my warm mouth...

Needless to say, it took awhile to write that, It got kind of hard to type with one hand and my mind definitely on something else You know, there's a lot to be said about playing with oneself while still at work,the risk of someone coming in and catching you, takes it to a whole different level. 

I guess it's a good thing that its almost four o'clock and just about everyone has left for the weekend.

While I was catching my breath and straightening my clothes, I reread what I wrote and corrected all of the mistakes. Taking a deep breath, I hit the send button. Since I didn't think that Aiden would respond right away, I shut the computer down and got up to leave. I was almost out the door when my phone rang:

"Hello"

"Hey baby. Do you know how hot that was?...my dick IS throbbing...I want you." he said in a low voice.

Upon hearing his voice, my body instantly started to respond, shuddering, as sensations of lust and desperate desire flooded my senses. Images of him licking my inner thigh, working his way up to my sex. My body pulsed with it... 

Did I mention that we haven't had sex for fourteen days????

"Annie?"

"Huh? oh... hey baby, I'm here. And I desperately want you." I said "Baby it won't be much longer. A few more hours, about seven p.m."

"Do you have to stop at the university before you come home?" I asked.

"Hell no. I've had a hard on since I got up this morning. " 

" Well serves you right for being gone so long. Besides,you asked if I was wet for you." I said jokingly.

" Your such a tease darlin'. Wait until I get you all to myself, we will see who teases who." he replied in a deep husky voice that held promises of sweet torture.

"Mmmmm...I can't wait.", the possibilities that were running rampant in my head! 

"Baby, I've got to go, we are getting ready to land to catch the connecting flight home."

"Okay... I'll see you when you get home."

"Luv ya baby. Keep it warm for me." He hung up before I had a chance to reply.