 My apologies for the long wait on this one. This chapter went through several iterations before I finally landed on a version I was satisfied with, and somewhere in between all of those iterations I went through a phase where I lost all interest in continuing this story. But then I published a one-off story on here that was received fairly well, so I thought I'd finally finish this chapter. 

All characters in this story are age 18 or older. 

**** 

It was a beautiful day, and Holly had decided to enjoy it by taking a dip in her parents' pool. She had only taken a few laps around the pool when Aiden stepped out onto the patio. "Holly, do you have a minute?" he asked. 

Holly swam over to the side nearest to Aiden and replied, "Yeah. What's up?" 

"I was wondering if you would be interested in taking a drive with me," he began. "I want to show you something." 

Intrigued, Holly replied, "Alright," and pulled herself out of the pool. Aiden smiled when he saw she was wearing the micro-bikini he had given her. "Feeling kinky are we?" he asked. 

Holly smiled. "Well, with mom and dad out of town, I thought I could just be me for a few days. I figured you wouldn't have a problem with that." 

"Hell no," Aiden shook his head. "You could have even gone skinny dipping for all I care." 

"Oh trust me, the thought crossed my mind," Holly reached for her towel. "I'm not that comfortable showing myself off yet." 

Something in Aiden's face changed a little bit, but Holly could not determine why exactly. "Fair enough," he said simply. "Shower off and get dressed. We'll head out as soon as you're ready." 

**** 

Less than an hour later, Holly was sitting in the passenger seat of Aiden's car as he pulled out of the driveway. "So, where are we going?" she asked. 

"You'll see," he replied as he pulled away from the house. 

Soon Holly realized that they were headed downtown. Now she was really intrigued. Since she was already fairly familiar with the downtown area, she could not imagine what in the world Aiden could be wanting to show her. 

Her questions were only partially answered when Aiden pulled into the mostly-deserted parking lot of a strip club. The place was clearly not open at the moment. "What the fuck are we doing here?" she asked. 

"I thought it was time I showed you my club," Aiden replied. 

Holly turned to Aiden in disbelief. "You're shitting me!" she exclaimed. "There is no fucking way you own a strip club." 

Aiden smiled. He loved how dirty her language got when she was excited. "No, I am not shitting you," he said. 

"Really?" Holly raised an eyebrow suspiciously. "Then how the hell do mom and dad have no idea you own this place?" 

"Because I didn't tell them," he shrugged. 

"Bullshit," she crossed her arms. "They would have figured it out somehow." 

"You and I have spent a lot of time masturbating to porn together and they haven't noticed," he pointed out. "Our parents may be strict, but they aren't exactly the brightest bulbs in the bunch." 

Holly had to grant him that. If you really wanted to, it wasn't really that hard to do something right under their noses without them noticing. "Alright," she nodded. "Let's see it, then." At least it would not take long to find out if Aiden was full of shit once they got inside. 

The club was mostly deserted. There was a cleaning crew preparing the place for the evening, a bartender checking inventory, and in the center of a club stood a tall brunette woman supervising an audition at center stage. Aiden led Holly to this woman. "Allie," he greeted the woman. 

"Hey, boss," she replied. 

"How are the auditions going?" 

"She's the best one so far, but she isn't quite ready," Allie nodded toward the dancer before them. "Alright, that's enough!" she called to the dancer. "We'll get back to you." 

The dancer nodded and left. Allie then turned to Aiden and saw Holly for the first time. "Oh! Is she the girl you were telling me about?" she asked. 

"Yes," Aiden nodded. "Holly, this Allie. Allie, Holly." 

Allie smiled and shook Holly's hand. "Pleased to meet you," she said. "I've heard so much about you." 

Unsure of where this was going, Holly nervously replied, "Only good things I hope." 

"Oh, yes," Allie nodded. "Though I must say," she continued as she looked Holly over, "what I have heard doesn't do you justice." 

Holly looked over at Aiden. "Aiden, what is this?" 

Allie also turned toward Aiden. "You didn't tell her?" 

"Not yet." 

"Tell me what?" 

Aiden looked at Holly and replied, "I didn't just bring you here to show you the club. I wanted to offer you a job." 

Holly was dumbfounded. "Me? But I'm not even a dancer." 

"That's OK, honey," Allie chimed in. "We start all of our new dancers as waitresses while they receive training." 

Holly was speechless. This was definitely not the way she had expected this afternoon to go. Aiden had put quite the dilemma in front of her. On the one hand, she kind of needed a job. On the other hand, it seemed kind of weird to accept this kind of job from her stepbrother. And does Allie even know he and I are step-siblings? 

"Well, what do you think?" Aiden interrupted her musings. "Are you interested?" 

"I don't know," Holly shook her head. 

"Come on," Aiden encouraged as he slid his hand up and down her arm. "You're perfect for this job. Between your sexy looks and even sexier personality, you could go places in this business." 

And just like that she was horny. Aiden had definitely cracked the code for getting her turned on. And on top of all of that, she was overcome with a desire to prove to him that she was every bit as sexy as he said she was. "OK," she said. "I'll do it." 

Aiden let out a big smile. Allie, however, interjected, "Before we get too ahead of ourselves, I need to see that you can handle this job." 

"What do you want me to do?" Holly asked. 

"Strip down to your lingerie," Allie replied. 

Without any hesitation, Holly threw off her tank top, revealing a plain white bra, and yanked off her shorts, revealing matching panties. Allie walked around Holly, examining her body. Then to Holly's surprise, she reached down and slid the fabric that was covering Holly's ass into her crack, more or less simulating a thong. "Now," Allie instructed, "walk around and make eye contact with members of the cleaning crew. Don't speak to them, just invite them to take a good look." 

Holly did as she was told. She really had no difficulty turning heads. In fact, she soon realized the difficulty might actually come in getting them to stop staring at her. By the time she finished a circuit around the club, all of the men (and some of the women) on the cleaning crew had their eyes fixed on her. To her surprise, this did not make her feel self-conscious, except for the fact that she was wearing her least skimpy lingerie. She strutted back to Aiden and Allie with confidence. 

"Very good," Aiden said as he slipped a dollar bill into the waistband of Holly's panties. "Consider this your first tip." 

With that, he slapped her ass, generating a sexy moan from Holly. At this, Allie smiled and said, "Welcome to the team." 

**** 

By the time Aiden finally dropped Holly off at their house, she was horny as fuck. After her little audition, Allie had taken her to the ladies' dressing room and fitted her with a uniform: a strapless black bra that really accentuated her tits, a matching thong, stockings, and high heels. As a result, she had spent quite a bit of time either in lingerie or totally naked. The excitement of it all had generated so much sexual tension in her, and she needed release as soon as possible. 

Since no one was home, the minute she walked through the front door, she stripped off all of her clothes and began to finger herself right there in the entryway. At first, she only rubbed her clit, but that was not doing the trick fast enough, so she reached down with her other hand and began to passionately fingerfuck herself. This soon did the trick as her whole body quivered under the force of her orgasm and she sank to the floor in ecstasy. 

Despite her intense orgasm, she still felt incredibly horny. She finished herself a few more times, but each orgasm seemed to only get her more excited. This isn't working, she thought as she came down from another orgasm. I need a cock. 

And she knew where she could get one. Holly reached for her shorts and pulled her phone out of one of the pockets. 

**** 

Michael was sitting on his couch enjoying his favorite TV show when his phone started to ring. He looked at the caller ID, put only a phone number appeared. Whoever was calling, it wasn't someone from his contact list. Since he never answered his phone if he didn't know who was calling, he ignored the call. Seconds later, his phone rang again. It was the same number. Whoever this was, they were persistent. Michael muted the TV and answered the phone. "Hello, this is Michael," he said into the receiver. 

"Hi, I don't know if you remember me, but we met at the pool party the other night and you asked me out..." 

"Holly?" Michael sat straight up. He had begun to think she wouldn't call. 

"Yes," came the reply. 

Michael could barely contain his excitement, but he managed to hold it together enough to ask, "How are you?" 

"Horny." 

"What?" 

"I want you to fuck me." 

Michael's head started spinning. No girl had ever been this forward with him, and he certainly never expected that Holly would be this forward. "What?" he asked again. 

"I need you inside me," she said. 

Michael's dick started to grow. His little buddy was definitely interested in obliging this girl, but his head was telling him this is too good to be true. "Holly..." his voice trailed off. 

"Yes?" 

"My place or yours?" 

**** 

When Holly opened up her contacts to call Michael, her phone let out a little "PING!" as a text came in. It was Aiden letting her know he wouldn't be coming home after work. He didn't say why, nor did she really care. She was in too much of a hurry to call Michael. So when Michael asked whose place they should meet at, she replied, "Mine. I'll text you the address. I'll leave the door unlocked for you." 

And so the plan was set. All she had to do was clean herself up and wait. 

**** 

Holly sat on the sofa waiting for the door to open. She was wearing her skimpiest lingerie (a sexy pink bra with white lace along the top and matching panties) and a pair of white high heels. Excitement and anxiety grew within her with each passing moment. Excitement over finally getting to experience getting fucked by a man, and anxiety that Michael may have chickened out. The longer she waited, the more the latter grew. 

Finally, she heard footsteps approaching the front door. Her anxiety vanished, leaving only sheer excitement. Her heart skipped a beat as the door knob turned and the door began to open. She leapt up from the sofa as Michael stepped into the entryway and shut the door behind him. Holly began to walk toward Michael, the clicking of her heels on the hard wood floor drawing his attention to her like a magnet. His eyes widened as he took her in. Even through his jeans, Holly could see his bulge growing. 

Without saying a word, Holly stepped up to Michael, wrapped her arms around his neck, and sucked him into the most passionate kiss she could give him. She was very inexperienced, and he could tell. Fortunately, he was not bothered by this and reciprocated the kiss, guiding her and improving her technique. She caught on quick, and soon they were engaged in hottest make out session that house had seen in years. Everything about it - the heavy breathing between kisses, his warm embrace around her mostly naked body, the taste of his lips on hers - all served to turn Holly on even more. She could feel her pussy getting wetter with each kiss. 

Soon, she could take it no longer. Without breaking the embrace or ceasing to kiss him, Holly began to walk backwards into the living room with Michael eagerly following. When they reached the sofa, they stopped walking, but neither moved to sit down. Instead, they continued to stand there, kissing passionately. 

Then Holly felt Michael unclasping her bra. With a smile she broke the embrace and let her bra roll off her shoulders and onto the floor. She was about to ask him if he liked what he saw, but the words were immediately choked up in a moan of pleasure as Michael leaned forward and sucked one of her exposed tits into his mouth. Michael looked up at her with a smile and went for the other tit, eliciting another moan from Holly. 

She let him play with her tits for a little longer, but her need for cock soon drove her to push him off and kneel before him. Without waiting for an invitation, she pulled his pants down and caught his dick in her hand. Michael reached down and set his hand on her head as she wrapped her mouth around his throbbing erection. Holly took her mind back to the last porno she had watched and did her best to mimic what the girl in that video had done. The grunts of pleasure that escaped Michael told her she was doing something right, so she began to suck him with more confidence. She began to touch herself. This had been the one part of fucking Michael that she was unsure about, but now that she was doing it she found that she rather enjoyed it. His cock felt good in her mouth, and it certainly helped that he tasted good too. The more she sucked him, the more she could not wait to feel him inside her pussy. 

She did not have to wait much longer, because Michael soon reached down, pulled her up, and pushed her onto the sofa. She bit her lower lip as he removed his shirt, giving her quite the view of his chiseled body. He smiled and stared into her eyes as he yanked her panties off and spread her legs open. The next thing Holly knew, Michael's cock was inside her pussy. "Oh, fuck, yes!" she exclaimed as her pussy was completely filled. 

Michael began to slowly move his dick in and out of her dripping wet pussy, causing her juices to stream down to the sofa. She moaned words of encouragement that soon turned into pleas for him to fuck her harder. Michael was more than happy to oblige and began to ram his cock into her harder and harder. Holly threw her arms around him as her moans increased in volume until they were screams of, "Oh God, yes! Fuck! Fuck! Yes! Don't stop! Don't you fucking -- AAAAAHHH, FUUUUCK!!" 

At that moment she was about to cum, but Michael pulled out and turned her over so she was lying on her stomach. By the time she felt him get on the sofa behind her and lift her up so she was on all fours, her rising orgasm had gone down. She did not have an opportunity to complain, however, because immediately she felt Michael's dick fill her again as he began to fuck her hard from behind. "Ah! Ah! Ah! Oh shit! Fuck me! Yeah, just like that! Fuck!" she groaned as he began to pick up the pace. This was immediately followed by a scream of pleasure as Michael hit his maximum speed. As her orgasm began to draw near again, she began to scream, "Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh - my - GOOOOODDD!!" 

Once again he pulled out just as her pussy was about to clench up and release her orgasm. It was like he had a superhuman ability to sense when the precise moment she was about to cum was and then force her to come back down without release. As he lifted her up, her groans were not of frustration, but rather of excitement. 

Michael shifted so that now he was laying on the sofa and Holly was on top with her back facing toward him. He guided his cock up into her pussy and once again began to ram into her. Holly did not even try to take control. She just leaned forward and enjoyed the ride. As her orgasm began to build inside her yet again, she reached down and began to massage her clit. She was denied her orgasm yet again, however, as Michael once again pulled out and said, "Turn around, baby." 

Panting to catch her breath, Holly complied and faced Michael for the first time in a few minutes. Sweat glistened on his body, and it turned her on even more. Time to reassert control, she thought as she laid on top of him and began to kiss him while grinding her wet pussy against his now drenched cock. 

After about a minute of this, Holly sat up and lowered her pussy onto Michael's dick. Before he could do anything, she began to ride him, slowly at first, but getting progressively faster as she got used to it. For Michael's part, she felt so good and the view of her juicy tits bouncing up and down was so magnificent that he just laid back and let her take over. Their eyes met as she began to fuck him hard and her moans once again filled the room. 

She felt her orgasm coming on again, and this time she was determined to cum. It seemed that this had been Michael's plan anyway, because he began to raise his hips and meet her halfway. The added friction of both of their movements brought her orgasm even faster, and she fell upon him as it drew nearer and nearer. "OH FUCK! OH MY GOD! YES! YES! YEEEEEEEEEESSSSSS!!" And with that her whole body clenched up as Michael thrust into her all the way. Holly's breathe caught in her throat for just a second as her body shook. Then she let out a gasp of ecstasy as Michael pulled out and she came hard with that final stroke. Her thighs were quivering and sweat was rolling down her entire body as Michael lifted her up and laid her on her back. Before she had fully come down from her orgasm, Michael once again inserted his cock into her pussy and began to fuck her hard. Soon she could sense his own orgasm building inside of him. "Are you gonna fuck me until you cum all over me?" she panted. "Yeah, are you gonna cum for me?" 

That did it. Michael pulled out and sprayed his warm, thick load all over Holly's belly and tits. It was the biggest cumshot she had ever seen, rivaling some of the ones she had seen in her favorite porn videos. 

Michael laid back to catch his breath and the both just stayed there for a minute, basking in the afterglow of the amazing sex they had just had. Finally, Holly stood up and kissed Michael. "I'm going to go clean myself up," she said. "Meet me in the master bedroom." 

Michael looked up at her. "You wanting to go a second round?" 

"Depends," Holly replied as she bit her lower lip and glanced down at Michael's dick. 

He smiled in response and she turned toward the downstairs bathroom. She could feel his eyes on her ass as she walked, but she really did not mind. In fact, she preferred it that way. It was turning her on again. Guess we won't be sleeping much tonight. 

**** 

They slept in so late the next morning that Michael leapt out of bed. "What's wrong?" Holly asked as she sat up in bed. 

"I have to be at work in an hour," Michael replied as he made for the bedroom door. 

He was about to exit the room when he stopped and turned back toward Holly. "You know, sex wasn't the only thing I had in mind when I gave you my number that night," he said. "What do you say to dinner tonight?" 

Holly smiled. "I'd like that." 

Michael walked back to the bed and gave her a long kiss. "Tonight it is, then," he said with a smile. 

Holly smiled back and kissed him, "Tonight." 

Michael nodded and left the room to gather his clothes. Holly followed soon after and caught just as he was about to head out the front door. "Wait," she called after him. 

He turned toward her and she ran into his arms and kissed him again. "One more for the road," she said with a sexy grin. 

Michael let out a quiet laugh at this, said goodbye, and left. Holly meanwhile just stood in the entryway, naked and with butterflies in her stomach. She had just spent the best night of her life with a really hot guy. Her only regret was that she hadn't called him sooner.