 'Is there a problem here?' The first cop asked.

'None at all,' my stranger answered easily. 'I think you can also see that.'

Both the policemen looked at me on top of the dumpster, as I pulled my skirt up, face flushed and sweaty, and one hand still between my thighs. I probably flashed them.

They seemed to be unable to take their eyes off as the first one shook his head and nudged his partner to leave. The stranger turned to me and picked me up and hoisted me down. 'Wait here, I'll get my car. And try not to touch yourself in the meantime.'

He left before I could clobber him with my heels or do the exact opposite of what he wanted.

As he vanished, I brought my fingers down and felt the wetness. Any more and I'd be dripping on the street. He pulled up in some fancy gas-guzzling monster- Porsche? Bentley? - and I made my way inside. Just to spite him, I deliberately put my fingers to my lips, giving him ample time to see that they were covered in my arousal and stuck them in my mouth, licking with relish.

He grinned at me. 'You smoke?'

I nodded, and he asked me to open his dashboard. I found a baggie full of weed and half rolled blunts- taking the liberty to roll them and stuck one in my mouth, holding it for him so that he could take the occasional drag as well. 'I'm pulling up,' he said. 'Don't get too high, or it'll ruin the fun.'

Too late. 'Don't stop,' I said. 'I wanna finish this the way we started it- against a wall.'

My stranger almost looked put out until I climbed over onto his lap and kissed him deeply. I broke the kiss off and felt him look up at me with dilated pupils.

'Drive,' I simply said, as I slid down until I was crouching between his legs. I slowly unzipped the fly, and heard that telltale intake of breath.

'You're not giving me much incentive to reach home.'

'Just think of what'll happen when we get there.'

His only response was to push down harder on what I presumed was the accelerator.

I brought his cock out, already erect. I held the base with one hand, and ran my fingers down the shaft with the other. Unlike the alley, I was going to take my time here. The smell of smoke and musk hung in the air, and my tongue mirrored the motion my fingers had been making just seconds ago.

I rubbed the head and its underside with my thumb, watching drops of precum ooze out and licked them. I repeated this a few times until I heard an almost inaudible groan above me and smiled. I engulfed the head in my mouth and sucked deep, eyes closed. It felt as if the car swerved. He bucked his hips up, forcing me to take more of his length and I obliged. I went as deep as I could go, until his dick hit the back of my throat and I fought my gag complex. After a few seconds, I let go and resumed immediately, sucking deep and hard, until one of his hands left the wheel and tugged at my head, holding me down. I let my hands drift to his thighs and let him use my mouth as he pleased. Suddenly, I felt a torrent of warm salty cum flood my mouth, and reflexively swallowed the first mouthful. When the second one hit, I savoured the taste, loving it. Come usually didn't taste good even though it varied from partner to partner, but I could get used to the flavor of his. I licked the head and cleaned him up, finally coming up for air.

'This isn't over.' He said it like it was a fact and a question at the same time.

'No,' I agreed. 'It most definitely isn't.'

****

I lit another blunt and passed him one. We smoked in silence until we reached his building and made our way inside. I couldn't help but steal surreptitious glances at him, and felt supremely pleased with my choice. A girl could do a lot worse. So lost I was in my reverie that I didn't notice what was happening. We entered the lift and as soon as the doors closed, he picked me up, making me gasp in shock. My legs wrapped around him of their own accord and he buried his face in my neck, sucking and biting the skin as I tried not to gasp.

'Someday,' he murmured, 'I'll fuck you in this lift and it won't matter if it'll be full or empty. You can try to be as discreet as possible; it won't be of any use. I'll make you scream over and over again until all you can think about is cumming and the people around you cease to exist. And if you're exceptionally good, I'll allow you to choose whomever you want to join us.'

I nearly creamed myself because of his filthy words, but then the lift dinged open and we stumbled out. He threw me a key, not ceasing the movement of his mouth on my skin as I struggled with the lock and finally managed to pop it open.

We entered a room and I switched the lights on. An almost ornate room greeted my eyes- a giant bed covered with black sheets that looked like silk, dark wood paneled furniture everywhere and a white marble floor. There were no posters or ornaments, no pictures or mementos. Just a thick stack of papers on a well sized desk and a briefcase next to it. I was brought back to the present as he pressed me up against the wall as promised, and I took off my top in my hurried frenzy.

This had been delayed long enough.

His mouth went down on my breasts as soon as my bra came off, pulling the nipple and sucking alternately. I wanted to press his head down but settled for removing his shirt. He had unzipped his pants when he looked down at me questioningly.

'What about your skirt?'

'Why don't you take it off?'

I waited until he put me down, and turned my back to him. I let down the zipper, and bent forwards slowly, almost excruciatingly with my ass in the air and began to tug on it lightly, letting it fall. He growled and yanked it down, and pressed forwards until I could feel his cock prodding my backside. His hand grasped one of my cheeks and slowly kneaded it, until his palm cracked on my ass with a resounding slap!

'I could spank you all day,' he sighed. 'Someday I will.'

He whirled me around and took me up in his arms again. This time I only had a second to adjust before I felt him enter me- the head went in, inexorably and slowly so did the rest of him.

He let me acclimate to the feeling before moving with steady and deep, controlled strokes. I could feel his pubic bone grinding against my clit and I wrapped myself around him closer, wanting him to get in as deep as he could. He fucked me for what felt like hours, but could have only been minutes, bringing me closer to another orgasm. With each stroke, I could feel my breath coming out in gasps, and he began to lose control.

The rhythm became erratic, his thrusts more forceful until I could do nothing but grind down on him as much as I could, my nails scratching his back.

All I wanted to do was cry out, cry out his name (which I obviously couldn't), so I just settled for gasps and broken words.

Please, please, please...

I came on his cock, and he fucked me through my orgasm, biting down on the junction between my neck and collarbone. I couldn't help but let out a low moan, and felt him gently put me over his shoulder and on the bed. The last thing I remember is the sensation of satin caressing my skin and then everything went black.