 I've waited so long for this... to be alone with you. I know you're the last person on Earth I'm supposed to lust after, but I simply can't ignore the way I've felt for years anymore. Watching you walk along the path to meet me you still take my breath away. It's not that you're wearing anything special, quite the opposite in fact, as you're dressed in your work shirt. It's not the way you walk, it's just... you. Something low within me tightens as my breath races to catch up with my heartbeat. Your eyes make contact with mine finally, as a slow smile spreads across your face. 

To think this all began with a night of drunk texting. It was definitely the conditions for the perfect storm, both of our significant others working nights, both of us bored at home after the kids had all been put to bed, our hormones raging in reaction to the years of light, playful flirting. Figuring out you felt the same pull and desire towards me that I'd felt for you for so long was just like having a direct door open up to this moment, right here, right now. I'd never in a million years had guessed that behind all the playful comments and seemingly careless teasing was real passion. Becoming your babysitter was just the beginning of how close we would eventually become, and had the added benefit of opening up a line of communication that had less and less to do with the kids as time went on and more to do with lustful things we both craved. If our significant others knew what we were up to, how shocked and angry they'd be! Their feelings played no part in this whole situation, in spite of what little morals I desperately tried to adhere to in the wake of my unimaginable hunger for you. As bad as I felt, as much guilt as I has because of this secret, I just couldn't shake my desire for you, as strong a desire as I've ever had for anyone in my life. 

Before you can even say a word, I close the last few steps to you, then slowly my hands up and down your sides as I tilt my head up for a kiss. Your lips brush mine, nibbling lightly before pulling playfully away. Your hand traces up my back and neck before winding itself in my hair, pulling my head back lightly as you explore my mouth with gentle flicks of your tongue, a tease of what's yet to come. Your other arm winds around my waist, pulling my body closer to yours until I'm pressed tightly against you. A low moan escapes your lips and sends shivers down my spine. I raise my leg and rest it on your hip, your hand moving to hold it there while beginning to slowly grind your hips into me, coaxing small noises out of me. 

"God," you whisper, pulling me closer to you. Your lips capture mine again, your tongue dancing on mine as your fingertips slip under the edges of my dress, lifting it up slightly to trace up and down my thigh. Your hand slides around back to gently cup my ass, caressing the skin there until goosebumps appear. 

I slid my hands under your shirt, eager to feel your skin against my own. You pause your hips to finish taking off your shirt, tossing it behind you without care, your eyes locked on mine. Putting both hands around my face, you gently pull my face towards your own, gripping my long brown locks in both of your hands. You slide one hand down in between my legs to rub my pussy through the white thong I'm wearing, exploring the wetness already gathered there. Your fingers find my clit and tease it with quick movements. Most of the foreplay here has already been done for you, the longing and desire burning me up from within before you even laid a hand on me. 

My hands dig into your shoulder as you increase the pace, my hips rolling to match the rhythm. My breath comes out in short gasps and small, quiet noises. Your eyes darken as you tease me, knowing how I've wanted and waited for this for so, so long. 

You remove your hand from me, struggling to open your belt buckle one handed. As you fumble with the button of your khakis, I quickly slip the thong down my long, toned legs, tossing it in the direction of your discarded shirt in the vain hopes of finding it later. The khakis fall to the ground around your ankles, blending in with the colorful foliage. 

"Down" you command me, your voice deepened with overwhelming desire as you half push, half guide me down to my knees in front of you. I wrap my left hand around your cock, resting my right hand on your hip to steady myself, and slowly slide my lips just over the purplish head of your thick, short cock. Gasping quietly, you first run your hand through my hair before tightly grasping it and feeding your cock to my willing mouth slowly, teasing me as much as you are teasing yourself. Unconsciously, small, impatient sounds escape your mouth, your head tilted back as you give yourself over to the sensations I'm enticing out of you. I squeeze your right hip as I bob my head up and down the smooth length of your cock, savoring the knowledge that I'm the reason your whole body is quivering and shaking. I've wanted this for ages it seems, and to finally be here, alone at last with you in the woods on one of the last warm fall days is a memory I could live and feed off of for years to come. 

Suddenly you grab my up by my arms, your grip digging in slightly as you lift me to my feet in front of you. Crouching down in front of me, you lift my dress up around my waist with both hands and pin it above my hips behind me, your fingertips lightly digging into my ass. Moving close to my pussy, you nudge my legs open wider, you tongue darting in to touch my sensitive clit and administering a preview of what was yet to come. Keeping my dress bunched up in your hands, you maneuver your hands around to my front, careful not to rip or overly stretch the fabric as you spread my pussy lips and expose my clit. 

Pleasure rises up and crashes down on me in waves as your tongue caresses my already engorged clit. Lightly flicking your tongue, your blue eyes flit upward to gauge my reactions. As we make eye contact you pull my clit into your lips and gently suck on my clit, causing me to arch my back and gently dig my hand into the back of your head as I exhale in low moans. I move my leg and place it up on your shoulder, allowing you better access to my wet pussy and allowing me to rock my hips against your tongue, silently pleading for you to not stop, to never stop, please god please... 

Before I can ask, you slip a finger into my well lubed pussy, gliding it in and out a few times before moving your finger around inside me, searching for that perfect spot, finding it within mere seconds and putting gentle pressure on it. Using your finger to make a "come hither" motion, you have my whole body twitching and shivering, alive with electric pleasure. My moans start getting louder, echoing off the surrounding trees and bushes. I tilt my head back, the soft sunlight highlighting my freckles and cheekbones as I give in completely to the sensations travelling up from my tender center and back down my spine. You slide another finger in, increasing the speed of your fingers against my G-spot as your thumb massages my clit. My moans and groans increase in volume, separated by breathy exhalations as I desperately try to hold myself up, both of my legs shaking. 

Removing your dripping fingers, you pull me down on the ground in front of you and turn me around, my knees digging into the dirt as you push them apart with yours. I feel the hard, swollen tip of your cock pushing in gently, sliding in just a bit before pulling back out again. You continue this torturous teasing until I whimper and lean back, begging wordlessly. 

"Beg for it" you say evilly, tracing my opening with your stiffened cock. I push back, trying to tease you back, trying not to beg with words, not just yet. You move away from me, keeping just the tip of your engorged cock in me. Shifting the angle, you push in just a little deeper before drawing back out again and slowly going back and forth over my G-spot as I look back at you pleadingly, arching my back and giving you my best "please, pretty please" eyes. 

You shake your head no at me, one eyebrow arched playfully, as you continue working me towards a earth-shattering climax. My heart pounds against my heaving chest, my full firm breasts still contained in my peach colored sundress. 

"Please," the words come out barely audible. I shut my eyes, knowing it's inevitable that I'll beg louder. Not completely willingly, but I could already tell I had gotten in over my head with you. Almost ten full years older than me, of course you'd know how to make a woman beg and moan and scream for you. How foolish of me to think this would just be an easy, casual fuck. Something to get out of my system, and then move on with my life. Your actions gave me a pretty big hint that you had something completely different in mind, something that would and could never be forgotten. 

"Louder, princess. I want you to really beg for me, for this cock. Show me how bad you've craved this. " Your words echo texts we'd sent back and forth previously, me spelling out my desire plainly and honestly, unable and unwilling to play coy any longer at the time. Your gravelly voice seemed to run up and down my spine, making me lightly tremble and adding to the moisture between my legs. 

"Christ, please, please, please!" I moaned for you, louder this time, torn between wanting you to give into me and wanting you to force me to beg better than that for you. Cruelly, you slid your cock all the way in me, slamming into me hard enough that I gasped unwillingly, unready for the crescendo of bliss that seemed to affect every inch of my body before pulling almost all the way out. 

"I said really beg, not just try and get your way." You chastised teasingly. "It's alright if you don't know how to beg properly like a good bitch. I'll teach you." 

Having never been called any names during sex before, I wasn't quite sure how to react. Luckily my body wasn't as slow as my head and judging by how hard your words made my pussy clench I could tell right away you'd hit on something I hadn't even known was a turn on for me. 

Faster than I could blink, you had me flipped over on my back, your hands holding my hips tight enough that there would be tiny bruises for my enjoyment the next day. Lifting my hips up to your mouth, you give me a slow lick from top to bottom, wiggling your tongue from left to right. I'm already so close from you teasing my G-spot that the sight of you doing that is almost enough to make me come. I'm right there on the edge, so tantalizingly close to coming that I could almost feel my body humming, ready to just slip over the edge into sweet oblivion. 

"Fuck, please, baby please, god I'm.... oh I'm so fucking close, please," I begged unashamed now, wanting too badly already to be given relief from my pent up orgasm. 

A low chuckle is all I hear in response as you pull your lips away from my sweet spot, flipping me back over facing the ground. I feel your firm, strong hand push my chest into the ground, smudging dirt on the front of my dress as your other hand pulls my hips up so my ass is facing straight towards you like an offering. Flipping the bottom of my dress over my back to keep it out of the way, you roughly shove your cock all the way into me, and pull it back out so slowly I feel like I'm going to go crazy. You repeat the motion again, slamming your thick curved cock into me making me almost scream out in a mix of pleasure and pain, and slowing drawing it back out of my pussy until there's nothing left of me but a whimpering, begging thing. Unable to think straight, it's all I can do to clench onto the ground as you entice noises out of me I never knew I could make. You reach around, gently pinching my clit as your body crashes into mine, your animalistic grunts letting me know you're enjoying this as much as I am. 

I can hear someone almost screaming "Oh, oh, oh!" over and over again, not quite able to realize it's my own voice echoing off the forest. My whole body is shivering, shaking, would have collapsed form the overwhelming pleasure of your attentions if not for the position your hands held me firmly in. 

Right as I'm about to come, you pull out, giving me your smuggest look. You motion with your hand held out, finger twirling in a circle for me to turn over and get on my back. Moving closer to me on your knees, you lift the dress up and over my head and toss it away from me before pushing me down callously, leaning over me and running your hands up and down my chest. Your fingers alternatingly pinch my nipples and cup my breasts as they move up and down my body, a small smile on your face. I breathe a sigh of relief at the obviously appreciative look on your face. Being fully nude in front of a new lover is always a slightly nerve racking experience, but right now being fully displayed in front of you only makes me realize how much I wished we had done this sooner. 

You lay on top of me, pushing my body down into the ground as your lips once again capture mine, your tongue intertwining with mine. Lower, you rub your shaft against my clit, as I moan and whimper into your mouth, my physical needs way past the point of needing immediate release. Drawing your hips back once more, you glide all the way inside of me as I wrap both my legs around yours. A few quick strokes and I'm already to the edge again, my body trembling from head to toe. 

"Are you gonna be a good whore for me?" You whisper in my ear. "Gonna swallow my big load down your pretty little throat?"

"Yes, please god yes, anything." My pleas come out in one long whisper, my pussy clenching in response to your words. I nuzzle right below your ear, lightly flicking my tongue against the delicate skin there. 

You inhale quickly, before grabbing my hands, pinning them above my head and proceeding to pound mercilessly into me. My lower back arches off the ground, my shoulders digging into the leaves and small twigs underneath me without notice or care. All I can feel, the only thing I'm aware of is the sensation of your flesh meeting mine in an unimaginable collision of the purest euphoria. The world disappears as my orgasm rides me, the pleasure so intense it's almost painful. I'm barely aware of anything at the moment, aside from your cock ramming into my, and my nipples grazing your chest as your body moves above mine. Vaguely I feel your short nails digging into the skin on my wrists as you approach your climax. As I'm slowly coming back to earth, you withdraw from me, catching me by the wrist and pulling me upright on my ass so my mouth meets your twitching cock just in time for the first load to shoot down my throat. Head back, eyes closed, you shove your cock down my throat, a low growling emanating from deep within your chest as your orgasm courses throughout your body. Staring down at me you wrap one hand in my hair and throat fuck me as carefully as you can as the last few drops spill down my throat. Pulling back, I grasp your semi hard cock in one hand while lapping up every drop from the tip, running my tongue all around the edges of the head to watch you tremble. Your hand still wrapped in my hair, your firmly pull me up on my knees in front of you and slide your other arm around my waist, holding me close to your body as you give me another deep kiss, your tongue probing into my mouth to catch the last of your taste. 

After a few moments, we get up, deciding it was time to look for our no doubt soiled clothes and return to our spouses. Turning back towards my car, I'm stopped by your voice.

"You do know you said you'd do anything for me, right?" you ask, a sly smile spreading across your face as your blue eyes twinkle mischievously. 

"Yes." My voice is hoarse, throat a little scratchy. My green eyes lock on his, waiting to see just where he was going with this. 

"I'm going to see about that, next time." You turn towards your work van and drive off, leaving me to wonder what exactly you had in store while trying, and failing to ignore how eager I was to hear that there would be a next time.