 Part I

As Kevin pulled his car to a stop in front of Laurie's sister's house, he asked, "Is that Michelle's truck?" 

Laurie shook her head and said, "Nope. It's her husband's." 

"The cop?" Kevin said 

"That's him," Laurie said as she giggled. "Don't worry. He won't be a problem." 

Kevin hesitated before he opened his door and followed Laurie across Michelle's yard to the front door. "I don't know about this, Laurie. Why don't we just go back over by your house and hang out somewhere until your mom leaves? Michelle's cool, but her husband makes me nervous." 

"Shit," Laurie said. "The way she was enjoying herself, it might be hours before Sally leaves. Don't sweat Jim. He won't be a problem. Besides, I already called Crystal and told her to meet us over here." 

"You could call her again and tell her we're going back to your house." 

Laurie shook her head and said, "I could, but I don't want to." 

Laurie tried the front door and when she saw that it was unlocked, she slowly eased it open. She motioned for Kevin to follow her inside and said, "Come on, stud. I bet he's back in their room taking a nap. I think he's working mid shift this month." 

Kevin nervously shifted his weight from one foot to the next and said, "Let's just go back to school, Laurie. This is too out there for me." 

"Fuck that," Laurie said. "I want to get high. Besides, we have to wait for Crystal." 

Laurie let the door shut and tip toed through the living room and the hall back to Jim and Michelle's bedroom. The door was only partially closed, so she gently pushed it open and observed Jim's sleeping form. She quietly admired her brother-in-law's muscular form as she made out what she knew to be his naked body underneath the sheet. Then she closed the door and went back to the living room. "You're in luck, stud. He's out like a light." 

"I still don't know, Laurie. This is very risky." 

She pressed her finger against his lips and said, "Will you shut the fuck up and kiss me?" 

Kevin looked at her, stunned, and said, "Huh?" 

"I said kiss me, stupid. Walking in on Sally like that got me horny as hell." 

"But I thought we were going to get high?" 

"We are," Laurie said. "That doesn't mean we can't fool around a little too." 

"But, what about Sergio?" 

Laurie chuckled and said, "Sergio's dick isn't the only one that fits in my pussy." 

"But, what about when Crystal gets here." 

Laurie grinned wolfishly and said, "She can join in." 

Kevin's eyes grew and he said, "You'd do that?" 

Laurie faked innocence and said, "Do what?" 

"Fool around with both of us." 

Laurie shrugged. "I'd fool around with you. I'd fool around with her. I'd fool around with both you." 

Before Kevin could say anything else, she grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled his lips down to hers. Without further protest, Kevin let Laurie take the lead and allowed her to guide him backward to the sofa. As soon as she had pushed him down onto the sofa, she was pulling his shirt over his head. Then she let her kisses trail from his lips down to his lean torso. She giggled again when she felt Kevin catch his breath as soon as she flicked her tongue across one of his nipples. No longer thinking about Laurie's boyfriend, or her brother-in-law, or anything else, Kevin quickly found himself pulling her blouse out of her jeans and yanking open the buttons. His hands went to her small, perky breasts and he began to tweak her erect nipples as he returned her kisses. His hands slid down her toned stomach muscles until his fingers were at the snap of her jeans. He had them open and pushed halfway down her hips when they heard the doorbell ring. 

Startled. Kevin jumped and pushed Laurie to the side. Giggling at how jumpy he was, Laurie said, "It's just Crystal, silly. What are you afraid of?" 

The doorbell rang again, and as he franticly searched for his shirt, Kevin said, "Hurry up and get it before she wakes Jim up ringing the bell!" 

Without bothering to button her blouse or her jeans, Laurie casually stood and strolled in the direction of the front door. Desperate. Kevin pleaded, "Damnit, Laurie. Come on. And for God's sake, cover yourself up." 

She turned and blew him a kiss before opening the door. Crystal stepped into the house and as she observed Laurie's state of undress, she gave a soft whistle and said, "I'll leave if I'm interrupting anything." 

Laurie pushed the door shut and said, "Hell no, girl. As long as you made the score, you're welcome to come in and join us." 

Crystal couldn't resist reaching out her hand and giving Laurie's nipple a light flick with her middle finger. "Damn, Laurie. You could cut glass with those things. Kevin get you that worked up, or was it the excitement of knowing I was coming soon?" 

Laurie pulled Crystal to her and kissed her softly on the mouth. Their lips parted and Laurie probed her tongue into Crystal's mouth and slowly massaged Crystal's tongue with her own. Crystal dropped her purse to the floor as she cupped Laurie's ass in her hands pulled her body into hers. She slid her knee between Laurie's legs and enjoyed the feeling of power she seemed to have as she allowed Laurie to grind her crotch against her thigh. As they broke the kiss and the embrace, they turned to see Kevin staring at them in amazement. 

"Y-y-y-you all are f-f-f-fucking w-w-w-with me," he stuttered. 

"Say what, sweetie?" Laurie asked innocently. 

He shook his head and said, "I know y'all are setting me up. You do that as if you're old lovers and I'm not even here, but I'm not falling for it. You both could have any guy in the school." 

Laurie and Crystal both shrugged and Crystal said, "You're right. But, Laurie's more fun." 

"I just can't believe what I'm seeing," Kevin said. 

Laurie rolled her eyes and said, "Don't tell me you're the only person in school that hasn't seen that picture that's been passed around?" 

Kevin looked puzzled and said, "What picture?" 

"Come on," Laurie said. "I know you've at least heard about it." 

Kevin shook his head and said, "I don't know what you're talking about."

"Yeah, right," Crystal said. "You mean you haven't seen the picture of Laurie going down on me. Everyone else has." 

"Get out of here," Kevin said. "Now I know you're fucking with me. You'd never pose for a picture like that." 

"Oh, we didn't pose for it," Laurie said. "But it did get taken, and it has been making its way around school." 

"If you didn't pose for it, what happened?" 

"Trust me, sweetie," Laurie said. "As soon as we find out, someone will wish they'd never been born." 

Crystal leaned forward and gave Laurie's still erect nipple a quick kiss and then bent the rest of the way to pick up her purse. "Come on," she said as she pulled out the Marijuana cigarette she'd just come from purchasing. "Let's enjoy this stuff right now. I have to get to cheerleading practice." 

"Let's go out back and smoke it by the pool," Laurie said. "Kevin's scared Jim will wake up and bust him." 

"Yeah," Kevin said. "I like that idea better than smoking it in here." 

After they finished smoking the joint, Laurie crushed the remains with her thumb and forefinger and sprinkled the ashes over the fence into Michelle's neighbor's yard. She turned back to Crystal and Kevin and said, "Let's go skinny dipping?" 

"Can't," Crystal said. "I'm already late for practice, and if I miss another one, Ms. Garza is going to kick me off the squad." 

Laurie shrugged and said, "Would that be so bad?" 

Crystal gave her a quick peck on the lips and said, "Don't be like that, dear. We'll get together tomorrow night after the game. Kevin here can take care of you for now." 

Before Laurie could say anything to him, Kevin cleared his throat and said, "I've got to go too. If I don't finish my English IV paper and hand it in tomorrow, I won't get to play tomorrow night." 

Crystal and Laurie both stared at him in disbelief. "You're turning down a piece of ass to go do homework?" 

Kevin ducked his head and said, "Sergio is my friend, Laurie." 

"You didn't seem to be worried about your friendship a little earlier when you were ripping my clothes off." 

"You had me all worked up. I wasn't thinking." 

"Shit. Fuck you," she said. "And get out of here." 

"Don't be mad." 

"Who's mad? I'm just horny. So beat it before I rape one of you." 

Once they were gone, Laurie popped some popcorn in the microwave and sat down in front of the TV to scan the channels with the remote. She didn't see anything she wanted to watch, so she took the bag of popcorn with her and tiptoed back to Michelle's room. She slowly eased the door open and snuck past her still sleeping brother-in-law to sit down at Michelle's computer. She double clicked the AOL icon and then whispered to herself, "Shit. I forgot her password." 

She tried M-I-C-H-E-L-L-E. No luck. "Fuck. I knew that would have been too easy." 

Next she typed J-I-M. Still, no luck. "Fuck me to tears. What the hell did the bitch change her password to?" 

Suddenly, an idea came into Laurie's head, and she typed in the letters F-U-C-K-Y-O-U. Then she clicked the enter button, and to her glee she was allowed to log in. "That's my Michelle." 

She spent a few minutes cruising the porn cites before she grew bored with the fake pictures of, the supposedly naked, Britney Spears. Then she logged into to www.literotica.com and softly clapped her hands with glee when she saw that BACK TO EGYPT Part Nine had been posted. She quickly opened the story and read the latest installment of her favorite author's newest submission. Once she had finished the story, she looked down and discovered that one of her hands had found it's way into her panties and that she was softly stroking herself. She hadn't even realized it until she finished the story. 

She quickly looked over her shoulder to see if Jim was still sleeping. Then she eased her jeans the rest of the way off. She'd never bothered to re-button them or her blouse. She tossed the jeans to the side and then searched for another story. First, she checked to see if Jack King had written part six of A TEMPTING VACATION. Disappointed. She saw that it was still only up to part five. She went back to the cite with the fake nudes of Britney Spears and again found her hand wandering back into her panties. She thought she heard stirring from the bed and turned to see that Jim was still asleep but had rolled onto his back. Before she turned back to the computer, her eyes grew wide as she saw the position of the sheet that covered him. "Oh my god," she said. "He's naked underneath there and he's got a goddamned hard-on." 

She could not resist or stop herself from easing over to the bed and slowly sliding the sheet down until he was no longer covered. She licked her lips as she watched Jim's uncut penis point straight to the ceiling. "God that's a beautiful cock," she thought. "It must be at least seven inches. And it's so fucking thick." 

Before she knew it, she was reaching out and taking the cock into her hand and softly stroking it. It felt like a skin-covered piece of steel in her hand. Her other hand went back into her panties as she kept working and stroking Jim's beautiful cock. She heard him moan and sigh as she leaned her lips to the tip of the cock and let the head slide into her mouth. She felt his hands on the back of her head and knew that he had still not yet completely awakened. She let him push her head down so that she could take the cock the rest of the way into her mouth and worked her lips up and down the shaft with the amusing thought running through her mind that Jim, in his state of semi-consciousness, believed that Michelle had come home and was giving him a wake-up blow job. 

Without missing a suck, she managed to get her panties off and toss them in the general direction of her jeans. Then she let Jim's raging penis slip out of her mouth. "No," he mumbled. "Don't stop." 

She positioned herself over him and rubbed the head of his cock over the lips of her pussy. Then, as his eyes opened, she sank down on him and let him enter her with one stroke. She held her finger to his lips and said, "Shhhhhhh." 

Jim didn't protest, but instead let his hands go to her tiny breasts and cup them as she impaled herself on his cock. He rubbed the nipples with his thumbs and then slid his hands down her sides until he was gripping her at each hip. Then he began to lift her up and down so that he could slide his cock in and out of her pussy. After only a few seconds of this, he was groaning and uncontrollably his cock began to spasm. As soon as he realized he was about to cum inside of her, he lifted her off and tossed her to the side so that his load would shoot harmlessly into the air. Once he had finished cumming, he looked at her and wondered at how completely innocent her eyes appeared. "My god, Laurie. I can't believe we just did that." 

She grabbed him roughly by the head and said, "Shut up until you've finished your job and made me cum." 

Then she pushed his face into her crotch and began to hump upwards against his tongue as he just as roughly rubbed it across her clit. In a few more moments, she was throwing her head back and screaming herself hoarsely into orgasm. Once the screams subsided and she seemed at near collapse, Jim maneuvered himself from between her legs and slid up to be beside her. Again he looked at her with amazement, as he thought to himself how completely innocent she appeared to be. And, how in actuality she was the complete opposite of innocence. She leaned her mouth to his and after they had briefly kissed said, "What are you thinking?" 

"Just wondering what would happen if Michelle came home right now." 

"Well," Laurie said. "She could definitely give you some pointers on how to eat pussy." 

* Part II

Michelle handed the cutting board and the carrot slicer to Tammy and picked up her ringing telephone. She checked the caller ID before pressing the talk button and said, "Hey, Sal. What's up?" Pause. "We already made the tortillas. Now Tammy's helping me fix the salad." Another pause. "Yeah. He's in the backyard with his buddies. They've got the grill going and are killing Coronas as they cook the fajitas." Michelle paused again and then laughed as she said, "Yep. Laurie is out there in her bikini. You know she isn't going to miss a chance to tantalize that many guys." Pause. "Lighten up, Sally. She's no different than you or me." Pause and more laughter. "True. That probably is a reason to be uptight." Pause. "Shit. If you aren't coming, at least stop by Albertson's and pick up Jim's cake for me." Pause. "Cool. Thanks, hon. Bye." 

Michelle pressed the end button and sat the phone down on the counter. Tammy looked up from the carrot she was slicing and said, "That your mom?" 

"Yep. She's not coming to the party. Her and her friend Sylvia are going to South Padre. She wants another tattoo plus she's talked Sylvia into getting one. She says she's not going to wait, or Sylvia might chicken out. " 

"Sylvia's going to get a tattoo? Wow." 

"Really," Michelle said. "Next thing we know, I'll have talked you into getting one." 

Tammy took a sip of her Corona and said, "Fat chance of that. Randy would freak." 

"When are you going to stop living your life by what does or doesn't upset Randy?" 

Tammy shrugged and said, "I don't know. Whenever you let me and my kids move in here, I guess." 

"That might be sooner than you think. " 

Tammy raised an eyebrow. "Oh really? How's that, and what's Jim going to say about it?" 

"Fuck Jim." 

Tammy shrugged and said, "That part could be fun." 

They both laughed and slapped each other's palms over their heads. Then Michelle said, "Anyway. Sylvia's daughter, Judy, and her friend Tara want to come swim in the pool. So, she's coming to drop them off and she's going to stop and pick up the cake on the way." 

"How old are they?" 

"A year older than Taylor." 

"Cool," Tammy said. "Taylor will have someone to talk to besides Laurie now." 

Michelle laughed and said, "You don't like Taylor hanging out with my sister do you." 

"No. No. It's not that. I just know. It's just that. Well. Laurie is just a little bit advanced for her." 

Michelle glanced around and then gave Tammy a quick kiss on the lips and said, "Taylor will be fine. They're about the same age apart as me and Laurie, and we always hung out." 

Tammy rolled her eyes and said, "And that's supposed to make me feel better?" 

Michelle kissed her again. A little longer this time. Just a little longer. They broke the kiss and Michelle said, "Watch it, lover. If I were more sensitive, I'd get offended." 

Tammy laughed and said, "HA. You? Sensitive?" 

"Ah, shut up," Michelle said as she pulled Tammy to her and their lips met again. Tammy found her hand going to Michelle's breast and cupping it with her fingers as she used her thumb to brush Michelle's growing nipple. Michelle pushed her tongue into Tammy's mouth and used it to massage Tammy's own tongue. She groaned as Tammy pulled her shirt out of her shorts and slid her hand up underneath until she was holding her bare tit. 

They both jumped when they heard Laurie say, "Jesus Christ. If you want to fuck, get a room." 

Tammy quickly broke away and pulled her hand out of Michelle's shirt. "Oh my god! Where's Taylor?" 

Laurie pinched Tammy's ass and said, "Calmate, guera. She's still outside working on her tan." 

"What's she got on?" 

"Duh," Laurie said. "Her swimming suit. The bottom half anyway." 

Tammy's blue eyes grew big and she sharply said, "What?" 

Laurie laughed and said, "Don't worry. She's lying on her stomach. None of the perverts out there are going to see those little titties of hers." 

Tammy's mouth fell open, but before she could rush out the back door; Michelle and Laurie each grabbed one of her arms. "Take it easy, TamTam," Michelle said. Then she looked at Laurie and said, "Tell her you're just kidding." 

Laurie sighed mischievously and said, "I'm only joking, sweetie. She has her top on. Of course they're still all ogling that cute little butt of hers." 

Tammy and Michelle both shot darts at Laurie with their eyes and Laurie held her palms up towards the ceiling and said, "What? It's not my fault her butt is cute. She takes after her mother." 

Despite herself, Tammy laughed and said, "I guess that part couldn't be helped. " 

"Don't be such a worry wart," Laurie said as she reached into Michelle's purse and pulled out her cigarettes. "You're reminding me of Sally." 

As she shook out a cigarette, Michelle said, "Go ahead, bitch. Help yourself." 

"Oh, thanks," Laurie innocently replied. She then placed the cigarette between her lips and offered the pack to Michelle. "Want one?" 

"Fuck you," Michelle said as she took the pack and shook another one out. 

"No thanks," Laurie came back. "I was thinking about getting laid elsewhere today, but I'll let you know if I don't get a better offer." 

They all laughed and Tammy shook her head when Michelle offered her the pack and said, "No. I'll just hit off yours or Laurie's." 

Laurie used the lighter from Michelle's purse to light both their cigarettes. As Michelle blew out a stream of smoke, she said, "Speaking of Sally, I just got off the phone with her." 

Laurie sighed and said, "Wonderful. When's she coming over to check up on me?" 

"She's bringing the cake for me and dropping off Sylvia's daughter and her friend. Then she's taking off with Sylvia." 

"Good," Laurie said. "It gets so boring having to act virginal while she's around. She's been spending a lot of time with that Sylvia lately." 

"Yeah, so what?" Michelle said. "They like hanging out. Sally is liberating her." 

"Uh-huh," Laurie said. "Me and Kevin skipped out of Home Room the other day and were going to meet Crystal at the house to get high. Sylvia's car was in the driveway when we got there." 
