 I woke up in a puddle of sticky cum. It had pooled between us as we had slept, spooning on couch, while our partners slept blissfully unaware in their own rooms. Thank fuck I was a light sleeper, and the morning birdsong had woken me up before anyone could stumble out into the living room, where the evidence of our indiscretion was everywhere. 

I could hear light snores coming from both the master bedroom upstairs, and the guest room downstairs. Ok, I thought to myself. We've got time. I elbowed Joe awake. 

"Mmmmph," he grunted. The he opened those gorgeous baby blue eyes of his. "Yves," he breathed. 

"Shhh. They're both still sleeping," I whispered. "I'm going to go grab a quick shower and clean up." 

Joe glanced down at the tell-tale creamy splotch on the couch. "Fuck. I guess I better clean this up before Amanda wakes up," he sighed. 

"Yep," I giggled. "You made a great big mess with that great big dick of yours." I wiggled my ass against the dick in question, which was rapidly stiffening. 

"Hush," he retorted. "You were well on your way to making a big creamy mess all by yourself." 

I grinned and wiggled some more. I knew we had to clean up before our partners found us like this, naked, sticky and in a lot of trouble, but fuck, Joe's delightful cock was just begging to be played with. I could feel myself get wet again at the thought of the incredible pounding I took last night. 

The hell with it, I thought. Who know when we would get another chance? I parted my legs a little, and gently slid my sticky, messy labia down its length. Teasing him, I rocked back and forth, rubbing his cock with my pussy lips and enjoying the sensations of his bulbous head bumping against my clit. 

"Oh god," Joe moaned. "You're insatiable. We can't. We are going to catch hell for this already. You're making it worse." 

"But you feel so good," I sighed. I reached down and started stroking the base of his cock as I gently humped it. I loved doing this, especially when I've been freshly waxed - it drove men absolutely wild as I teased them with my slick hand and bare, slippery lips. Every moment or so, I'd pause with his cockhead at my entrance and gently envelope just the tiniest tip of his head in my hot cunt, before resuming the teasing grind I was doing up and down his shaft. 

"Oh Yves, just put it in," he begged, voice throaty with need. "I promise, I'll fuck you nice and slow another time. Just do it quickly now. Please. I'm begging you."

"Not yet," I breathed. I was getting wetter and wetter as I kept sliding up and down his hard length. Every bump against my clit was sending little shocks up my spine, making me hornier than ever. I was so hot and bothered, I could feel that pleasurable wave building, cresting. 

I kept humping him, faster now. I grabbed one of his hands, and made it cup my breast. Joe nuzzled my neck, his breath hot on my ear. "Fucking hell, Yves," he rasped. "Do it. Or I will."

I wiggled my ass again. "No."

"That's it," Joe growled. He flipped me over, pinning me to the couch. With a rough thrust, his massive cock entered me, filling me up. That was all I needed to go over the edge, and my cunt began to spasm, creaming all over his cock. "Ohhhhh," I moaned. "Yessssssssssssssssssss."

Suddenly we heard footsteps. Shit. Amanda was awake. We froze, with Joe's stiff cock buried to the hilt inside me, the last waves of my orgasm receding. We heard her walk to the master ensuite bathroom, and the sound of her morning piss tinkling in the bowl flooded us with relief. 

"Oh shit," I exhaled. I hadn't realised I had been holding my breath. "That was close." 

I wriggled out from under Joe, my needy pussy abruptly empty. I wanted more, but I couldn't imagine the fall out if we got caught. Adam, my husband, would throw me out. Amanda, knowing her, would take Joe to the cleaners. I grabbed my clothes and headed for the shower in the guest room ensuite, hoping desperately that Adam was still sleeping soundly. 

I didn't look back to see what Joe was doing - cleaning the couch hopefully. I held my breath as I tiptoed past the sleeping Adam, silently grabbing a towel as I went. In the bathroom, I went straight to the shower to wash all the sticky evidence off my skin. 

I was blissfully rinsing off my shampoo with my eyes closed as I heard the shower curtain open. "Adam, is that you?" I called. 

"Shhhhhh," came a familiar voice. It was Joe! I opened my eyes, and saw him stepping into the shower. 

"What the fuck?" I hissed. "Adam is right outside!"

"Yeah so shhhhhh," he replied, moving closer. "Amanda is taking a shower upstairs, so I reckon we've got at least till the hot water runs out. And Adam is snoring still. Plus, I haven't come yet." His eyes darkened. There was a mischievous smile on his face. "You owe me."

"Oh yeah?," I retorted.

"Yeah. You came just now, so by my reckoning, you're ahead by one. And I still haven't gotten to kiss your lovely lips," said Joe, eyes twinkling. He bent his head as his mouth sought my own. I kissed him back, first gently, then passionately. We pressed our bodies together, entwining our tongues. 

"You taste magnificent, Yves," Joe breathed. He trailed kisses over my face, down my neck. He got on his knees in the shower as he continued kissing a path down to my sex. "Turn around," he grunted. With my palms firmly pressed against the shower wall, and my ass pointed out invitingly, he give my exposed pussy a firm lick. 

"You taste magnificent down here as well," he groaned. His tongue was a firm, fleshy probe as it parted my lips and sought out the hot, gooey depths within. With each lick, my need for him grew. 

"Oh yes," I sighed. "Don't stop."

"Not stopping till the hot water runs out," he replied. Lick, lick, lick. My pussy was on fire. It needed more. 

"I need you to put your cock in me," I begged. "Please."

Lick. "Not yet," he breathed. "Turnabout is fair play, eh, Yves." Lick. 

My legs trembled with need. I pushed my ass out even more, as if I could force his tongue deep into my sopping pussy. I needed something, anything, inside me. Now. 

Lick. This time, he swirled his tongue against my asshole. My need began to build. Little tiny waves of pleasure radiated through my body as his tongue probed my ass. "Even your ass tastes magnificent," he murmured. 

While there is nothing more erotic than a handsome man with a big cock, on his knees, worshipping your ass with his sturdy tongue, my pussy needed more. "Please Joe, give it to me," I whined. In response, he slid a finger into my snatch. "No, not that," I begged as he pumped a finger in and out. 

"More?" he asked. He slid another finger, then another. Three thick fingers were now thrusting in and out of my greedy pussy, brushing against that special spot inside. His tongue continued assaulting my butthole as my body writhed with need. 

"No," I moaned. I needed his cock. That huge, uncut cock that was rearing its big purple head between his legs. "I want you in me. Now. Please." I was a gibbering wreck as I pleaded with him. All I could think about was that beautiful, hard cock. How it felt last night as it plunged into me, again and again. I needed it. To hell with marriage and Adam and everything good and proper. I needed to be filled up, to feel him in me, stretching me out to the point where pain became pleasure, again and again. 

Joe sensed my need as it built. My moans were becoming louder and my words less coherent. Swiftly, he stood back up, grabbed my hips with both hands and rammed his cock home. My begging turned to gasps as he plowed into me from behind, pulling all the way out and slamming that huge cock deep into my cunt, again and again. 

The pleasure wave I was riding began to crest. My pussy lips stretched taut around his girth sent delicious shivers of sensation through my clit as he plunged deep. Then - the sound of the door opening. We froze. 

"Yves, you up?" said a bleary Adam. I could hear him sit heavily down on the toilet. A thick stream of piss hit the bowl. 

"Yeah, I just got up and wanted a shower," I answered cautiously, trying hard to not let my voice betray the fact that I had just been energetically plowed by Joe, behind this flimsy shower curtain. Thank fuck it wasn't transparent, I thought to myself. Good on Amanda for this sturdy, dark blue choice. 

"Man, I could use one too," said Adam. Fuck no, I screamed internally. Don't come in! 

Adam, obliviously, began chatting about last night. "Fuck, I feel like shit. Too much to drink last night." He made no move to join me in the shower, thank fuck. Joe began moving again. The crash of the spray from the showerhead muffled all the squelching noises my pussy was making as his dick continued to slide in and out. 

Joe leaned forward until his mouth was right alongside my ear. "You still owe me one," he whispered under the roar of the shower. I glared at him but my pussy twitched its response. I was trapped - we clearly weren't going to get out of the shower at this point, not until I figured what to do with Adam. 

"Uh," I grunted as Joe continued plowing deep into me. I wasn't sure how long I could hold out, and if I could keep quiet when I came. I began to pant. 

"I was so tired when we came back. I didn't even hear you come into bed," Adam continued. 

"Oh yeah," I said as Joe thrust deeply. His cockhead pressed against my cervix, setting off little pleasure bombs deep inside. He fit so snugly I could feel every ridge, every flange of his cock as he slid in and out. 

"What's that?" asked Adam. "Oh, yeah, I said," I panted, trying to keep the arousal from my voice. I felt so wanton as I got fucked just inches from my unaware husband's head. By now, I swear you could hear the slap of Joe's balls as he buried himself to the hilt on each thrust and my gasps in response. Somehow, the threat of being discovered made me hornier than ever. But Adam was oblivious still. 

"Man, your shower is taking forever," he grumbled. "I bet you're using up all the hot water."

"Y.. yessss," I hissed. I was so close. I didn't know what to do at point - my body was surrendering to the wave of pleasure that was rapidly building, my mind was internally screaming at Adam to get the fuck out and I couldn't trust my voice at all. 

Suddenly Adam stood up. "I'm just gonna get the coffee going and shower after," he snapped. "Doesn't look like you'll be out anytime soon." I could hear him shake the last drops of pee out of his penis (an annoying habit of his), before flushing the toilet and leaving. 

"Ohhh, okay," I moaned. "Th.. Thanks."

As the door slammed shut, Joe began to pick up the pace of his thrusts, bottoming out again and again. "Oh god that was close," I breathed. "I'm so close too."

"Oh yeah baby," panted Joe in response. "Come for me." He reached around and began stroking my little hard clit as he continued slamming into me. 

"Oh yesss. I will." I hissed. "Harder."

"Hard-" Joe thrust savagely into me. 

"Like-" He thrust again. 

"This?" He grabbed my hips roughly and forcefully pushed his cock deeper than it had ever been. My vaginal walls pulsed and throbbed as they stretched to accommodate his length and girth. I felt a flash of pain as he pushed deep against my cervix.

"No .. too deep," I gasped but my pussy clamped down, spasming along the length of his cock again and again, waves of pleasure washing over me despite the pain. 

"Oh god, you're so tight," Joe gasped. "I can feel you come." With that, he groaned and shot ropes of cum deep into my cunt. I could feel the hot jets of his spunk splash deep inside me as my cunt continued to throb around his girth. 

We collapsed against the shower wall, silent except for the crash of water and the gasping of our breath. After a moment, Joe slipped out, leaving my pussy forlornly gaping. 

"That was amazing," I sighed. Joe kissed me tenderly on the top of my head. "Yes, yes it was. And you still owe me one - the score is 3-2, I think," he teased. 

"Well, I might have a plan for that," I said, grinning happily. "Let's get out of here without getting found out and I will even up the score."

"Promise?" he smiled. Blue eyes twinkling made my stomach flip. I wanted this man so much, and I needed this cock again. Soon. 

"Yes. Promise."