 “What do you mean you don’t have a room for my hostess”, Jeff said

“I’m sorry sir” replied the receptionist coolly, “but we were not told you had two staff requiring separate rooms, so there is only the one room booked. Even then, we have had to put you into the luxury Spa Suite as it was the only room available. The room has a double and single bed so can’t she share with you.”

“She could I suppose, but the point is she is a 20 year old single woman, do you think it is appropriate for her to share with me?”

“What can I say Sir but I am sorry, but there is no other room available”.

Jeff went back to the coach and called Colleen over and gave her the bad news. To his surprise she wasn’t too upset.

“Hey we're are two mature adults here, if we can’t share a room them maybe we shouldn’t be doing the job.”

They ascended a flight of stairs and made their way to the room. Jeff opened the door to the suite. He smiled to himself. At least that is one of the perks to this job, often if there was no other room available drivers were sometimes given the luxury suites that were not booked. The suite was lushly furnished with its own kitchenette, living room complete with DVD and TV, a bedroom with a double and single bed and best of all a huge bathroom with twin shower and huge corner spa unit. 

Colleen placed her things on the single bed and lay down. Jeff felt sorry for her she looked tired. This was her first trip away since graduating from her tourism class. A lot of girls thought only of the glamour of travelling all over the country, not a lot gave much thought to the hard work and long hours and the constant nagging and complaining that some passengers did. He suggested to her that she take a shower and relax before dinner and he would go down and ready the vehicle for the next day.

Colleen gave him a grateful smile and said thanks.

When Jeff left Colleen lay on the bed for a few minutes thinking about Jeff. From the moment she had been introduced to him in the office several days ago she had not been able to get him out of her mind. Although he was of average appearance there was something decidedly sexy about him. She knew he was married but had decided that in the four days that they were to be away together that she was going to seducing him. This business of having to share this suite for the next four nights was a bonus. Now it was just a matter of showing him she was interested. The big question was how?

She rose from the bed and went into the bathroom. She intended to have a shower but the sight of that huge spa and the thought of sinking into the hot bubbling water was too inviting. She leaned over and turned the taps on full. While the tub was filling she wandered into the kitchenette and took a cold drink from the refrigerator then went back into the bedroom to strip off her clothes and put on the towelling bathrobe provided. Drink in hand she returned to the bathroom and turned off the water and sank into the huge tub. It felt glorious. Pressing the button on the pump the water burst to life with thousands of tiny bubbles. She lay back and just let the water flow around her. The tiny bubbles flowed around her breasts and caused the nipples to harden. Unconsciously she placed one hand on the harden nob and rolled it between her fingers. The other hand strayed down passed her navel to her neatly trimmed pussy and gently stroked and played with her clit. Her mind turned again to Jeff and she imagined that her fingers on her pussy were his. Gosh she was so horny now. She really needed to cum to relieve this pressure building inside her, but the hot water was washing away any natural lubrication she had and was making it difficult for her to finger herself. Then she had an idea. She turned her body around in the huge tub and positioned herself so that the water from one of the jets was pulsing against her pussy. Spreading her legs wide she opened herself to the delicious feeling against her swollen clit. Oh it was so nice. She moved her body up and down so that the water pounded her from her arse to her clit and back. She moved back a fraction and spread her legs even wider allowing the water to flow into her. The feeling was wild. It was like being fucked by a watery cock. She moved on the jet thrusting in and out, moaning with pleasure, her free hand pinching and pulling at her erect nipples. 

Jeff finished up what he had to do and returned to the suite. There was no sign of Colleen except for her clothes thrown on her bed. It was then that he heard the sound of the spa running in the bathroom and a soft moaning sound. He thought that he was hearing things, but then he heard it again. He quietly walked over to the bathroom door, which had been left ajar. Peering around the door he took in a sight that took his breath away. There was Colleen, legs spread wide, fucking herself on the water jets, her head thrown back, thrusting back and forward. He couldn’t believe his eyes. She was really getting off on the water. As he watched she moved herself forward and let the water pound onto her swollen clit. Her reaction was immediate as she began to shudder and moan as her orgasm hit. She screamed out and thrust harder and harder against the water riding the crest of her orgasm, moaning and crying out. He watched as she slowly pulled back and sank beneath the foaming water, surfacing seconds later with a satisfied smile. 

Jeff couldn’t believe his eyes. The boss had told him, that Colleen was from a good family and was innocent and naive, but from what he had just seen he doubted that very much. He was not sure if he liked this turn of events. It was easier to have to live in such close proximity to her when he thought her an innocent young girl. He went into the lounge room and turned on the television trying to block the thought of Colleen, masturbating in the bath, out of his mind. He flicked through the channels but nothing seemed to help. He kept thinking of her trim body and what it would feel like to slide his cock into that sexy pussy. Colleen came into the room wearing the bathrobe and suddenly looking very sexy to him. She smiled. 

“Thanks for giving me this time to relax” she said. “I didn’t realise that it was such hard work. But I feel much better now, so if you want to freshen up, the bathroom is free and I will get dressed ready for dinner”.

Jeff was shaken back to reality and mumbled something as he stumbled off to the bathroom, trying desperately to hide the bulge in his trousers. She smiled to herself. When she had seen Jeff spying on her through the deliberately left open bathroom door, she knew she had piqued his interest and the bulge in his pants now was proof that her plan was working. Colleen hurriedly dressed and was sitting innocently in the lounge room ready to go down to dinner by the time Jeff emerged from the bathroom showered and dressed.

When they entered the dining room, Jeff was glad that they were seated at different tables. He tried to concentrate on the meal and the conversation, but his eyes kept straying over to where Colleen was seated. He was suddenly fascinated at the way she threw her head back when she laughed, the way she liked to touch the person’s arm she was speaking with or the way her arse wiggled when she walked. He ordered himself a brandy to calm his nerves, but it seemed to have the opposite effect, he seemed to become even more aware of her. After dinner Colleen came over and said that some of the younger passengers wanted to go upstairs to the nightclub. She said she was going to go with them and did he want to join them. His body was telling him to say yes, but his mind told him no he was better off staying out of temptations way. He told her that he was tired and would stay with the older people and make sure that they were comfortable before having an early night. He gave her their room key and said he would organise to be let into the room and told her to go off and have a good time.

After making sure that everything was all right with the remaining passengers, Jeff returned to the suite. He planned to use this time alone to compose himself. He told himself that they were work mates and that it wouldn’t be right. He flopped down on the couch and decided to watch a movie. He flicked through the movie channels, nothing of interest there. He flicked on to the house movie channel and was stunned by a close up of a cock sliding in and out of a wet juicy pussy. Not exactly what he wanted to see. He snapped the television off and went into the bathroom and ran a cold shower. He let the cold water flow over his body feeling the calming effect on both his mind and body. After a while he turned the taps off and stepped out of the cubicle. He reached for his towel and began to dry himself off feeling from calmer than he had since seeing Colleen in the bath, that was until he turned around and saw the spa, still full of water. Suddenly all the sight of her fucking herself sprang back to his mind. Immediately he felt himself harden again.

“No, no” he moaned “Wake up to yourself man, she is young enough to be your daughter”.

He gave himself a mental shake and stormed into the bedroom. He threw himself down on his bed and lay there. His cock ached with his need for release. He took his cock in his hand and began stroking. He lay there for quite a time just slowly stroking his cock and thinking of Colleen, of her short but trim body, her long blonde hair, her green eyes and especially of the sight of her trimmed pussy. As he lay there he saw her discarded underwear lying on her bed. He reached over and picked up the tiny pair of panties, putting them up to his nose and sniffing. They smelt of her musky womanly essence. He groaned as he ran the panties over his face while his hand worked furiously up and down his cock. As he felt his orgasm built he took the panties and wrapped them around his engorged tool and pumped furiously until he came in great body wracking spurts into the soft silky material. 

As he lay there exhausted from the enormity of his orgasm, he suddenly realised what he had done. He had to get rid of the evidence. He took the panties into the bathroom and washed them out in the sink, removing the entire tell- tale cum stains. He then wrung them out as hard as he could in a towel and put them back with Colleen’s clothes, hoping that the thin material would dry before she found them. Satisfied, he slid between the cool sheets and tried to sleep.

When Colleen returned to the room several hours later Jeff was snoring lightly. She was feeling really good after a few drinks and a fun night of dancing. She picked her clothes up from her bed and placed them on a pile on a chair with the rest of her gear. It was then that she noticed that her panties were damp. She picked them up and smelt the sweet smell of the soap. For a moment she was puzzled as to why someone would wash out her panties. At that moment Jeff rolled on to his back causing the blanket to fall back revealing his impressive 8-inch cock. To her surprise it was rock hard, and he seemed to be murmuring her name. It took her several moments to realise that he was still asleep and that he must be dreaming. Immediately the answer came to her.

She hesitated only for a fraction of a second before licking her lips and sliding them over the head of his erection. Jeff moaned. She stopped, waited and then slid them down the length of his shaft. He was so hard as she slowly and gently took his whole length into her mouth, feeling the head at the back of her throat. She used her mouth and throat to massage his cock, feeling it grow even more inside. Jeff moaned again and still Colleen continued fucking him with her mouth. Jeff’s eyes flew open. Suddenly he was wide-awake. He had been dreaming that Colleen was sucking him off in the nightclub, but when he opened his eyes he was in his room, but Colleen was indeed sucking him off. He couldn’t believe what was happening. He had been telling himself all evening that she was not interested in him and that the incident in the bathroom was her personal business. Now here she was sucking on his cock and it felt fantastic. 

“Yes baby, suck my cock,” he moaned.

Colleen looked up, smiled, and took his cock into her mouth again, running her tongue around the shaft while sliding her lips up and down. Jeff felt his balls throb with his orgasm. Colleen seemed to sense this to and she pulled away from him.

She stood up beside the bed and slowly stripped her clothes off until she stood naked before him. 

“I have dreamed of this from the moment I met you Jeff”, she purred as she slid on to the bed beside him. He slid his arms around her and pulled her close to him. His mouth lowered to hers, his tongue sliding between her willing lips, her tongue matching his thrust with thrust. His hands slid down her body feeling her supple young body. He took one of her nipples into his mouth and sucked using his tongue to tease it into a hard nub, all the time using his hands to tease, and pinch her skin.

She moaned with pleasure as his hand found it’s way to her pussy. His fingers probed her slit. She was sopping wet. His fingers slid along her slit feeling her swollen clit, sliding his fingers either side and down to her arse hole. Jeff’s mouth left her tits and made its way down to her pussy, leaving a trail of wet kisses down her body. His tongue flicked at her clit, causing a sharp intake of breath from Colleen, before sliding into her wet hole. She lifted her hips to allow him easier access, thrusting her pussy into his face. Jeff continued licking and sucking at her, feeling her juices flowing over his face. He inserted three fingers into her pussy and finger fucked her, all the time licking and nibbling on her clit. 

“Oh baby, give me more” she moaned, “Fill my pussy”

Jeff withdrew the three fingers and inserted four, thrusting harder and harder. The more her pussy sucked in his fingers the harder he pushed. Suddenly his whole hand, thumb and all slid into her slick pussy. She screamed with pleasure and fucked herself on his hand. He just lay there as she thrust up and down on his hand, feeling her pussy muscles grabbing at him. He felt her stiffen and her muscles grab his hand so hard he thought it would break, then Colleen let out a scream of ecstasy and he felt her cum all over his hand and arm. Now he had been with many women in his lifetime but never had he seem a woman cum so much. His arm, her legs and the bed were soaked in her juices. 

“Oh Sweetie, I want to fuck you so much, but I don’t have a condom”, he moaned.

She put her fingers to his lips and smiled

“It’s ok”, she whispered, “I am on the Pill”

“If your sure” he asked.

She nodded so he placed his cock at her wet entrance before entering her with one hard thrust. Oh she felt so good. So hot and wet. Even though her pussy was stretched from his hand, he still felt her muscles grab at his cock. He thrust harder and harder into her. He couldn’t seem to get enough of her sweet young pussy. She ground herself against him bringing herself to another powerful orgasm, her pussy grabbing at him, pulling his cock deeper into her tunnel. 

“Oh God Jeff, you feel so good in me. Fuck my arse”. 

Jeff withdrew his cock from her pussy and flipped her over. Rising up on to her hands and knees, he straddled her and spread her cheeks. He dipped his fingers into her cum soaked pussy and then ran them around her puckered hole before sliding two fingers in. It was so tight. Slowly he moved his fingers in and out, loosening her up. He took his cock and placed it at her back entrance before pushing slowly. The head popped through, making Colleen groan in what Jeff thought was pain, but she suddenly pushed back hard forcing his whole cock to slam into her arse right up to the balls. It was so tight he thought that it would cut of the blood supply to his cock. But as he thrust into her he felt her loosen up a bit. With long slow strokes, he fucked her arse. All the time Colleen moaned and groaned, screaming out with pleasure, while fingering her clit. Slowly he built up his speed thrusting faster and faster until he felt himself starting to cum. 

“That’s it baby, fuck my arse. Fuck me hard. Cum deep in my arse” she screamed.

Jeff’s cock twitched and he shot spurt after spurt of cum deep into her arse. It felt to Jeff that he kept cumming for ages. When he was spent he fell back on to the bed and lay there gasping.

“What did you mean when you said that you had dreamed of this since the day we met”, he asked.

She smiled. “From the moment I saw you I knew that I was going to fuck you” she said, “it was just a matter of when and where. So when I found that we had to share a room it was just a matter of convincing you that you wanted to fuck me to.” 

“Well you certainly did that,” he laughed.

They made love several more times that night before falling asleep just before dawn. Fortunately the second day of the trip was a free day so they had time to recover and spend some time together before returning to their room for more hot steamy sex.

When they arrived at the motel for their third night away Colleen volunteered to go to the office for room allocations. She returned to Jeff several minutes later and told him with a smile that some how there was another mix up and there was only one room for them. 

“Gee I will have to have a word to those girls in the office” he laughed “ and remind me to buy them a little present for being so lax when booking rooms"

As this was their last night together Jeff wanted to make it a night to remember for Colleen. After seeing to their passengers they retired to their room. 

“Why don’t you go and freshen up Colleen, I have a couple of phone calls to make”. Jeff said and he put their gear down. “I want to ring the office and my wife”.

Colleen looked a little bit disappointed at the mention of Jeff’s wife, but put on a smile as she grabbed a robe and went to the bathroom.

The last two nights had been terrific with Jeff, the sex was hot and he was such a skilled lover she had never cum so much in all her young life. She just hoped that this last night would be as fantastic, as there was not likely to be a repeat performance, because she was only on work experience with the company so they were not likely to travel together again.

Colleen stood under the steaming hot shower allowing the hot water to pound her body like thousands of tiny needles. Her body was tingling as she emerged from the shower. She looked into the mirror and her flushed body. In the other room she heard Jeff’s voice on the phone. She couldn’t make out the words but she guessed that he was talking to his wife, because he was talking about flowers, dinner and a surprise. He was just hanging up the receiver when she came back into the room. 

“All done” she asked. 

“Yes. Think I will grab a shower before dinner” he answered, “Oh by the way, the last night dinner is usually a very classy affair, so dress up tonight.”

“But I didn’t bring anything other than what the office told me to” she remarked, ‘there was no mention of dressing up. I don’t have anything to wear”.

“Oh! Well don’t worry, there are a couple of good shops in town here, so if you can wait a couple of minutes while I shower and freshen up we will go and see what we can find. Don’t worry about the cost, I spoke to Kevin the boss and told him this could possibly happen and he said to use the emergency expense money and we would sort it out when we got back”.

With that he went into the bathroom and closed the door. Colleen went and poured herself a cool drink and was just sitting down on the bed when there was a knock at the door. She pulled her bathrobe tighter around her body as she went to the door and opened it. There stood a deliveryman with a large gold box tied with a large gold ribbon. 
