 "Yes, Ella? How can I help you?"

Dr. Reilly shuffled papers around on his desk aimlessly, mumbling up at the last student standing in his office after class, avoiding looking her in the eye. Ella stared down at him and cleared her throat. He waited, eyes glued to the desk, for what he was sure would be an awkward apology or explanation for the events of the previous day. 

 "I was just wondering if you could help me with a bit of theory homework that I didn't understand," She said lightly. 

She put the assignment on his desk. He looked up at her in surprise and she smiled a completely controlled, polite smile. Her confidence was unnerving. She'd come to him before wanting help with her homework, but he thought that would have changed following recent events. He had been dreading today; It was Friday, and it was the first day he had seen Ella since her lesson. He tried his best to put on a smile and act normal in front of all his students. Ella made that difficult. She stared at him relentlessly in class while he talked, giving him these looks that made his stomach clench, as if her staring would make him give in to his desires. Truthfully, feeling her eyes on him had kept her at the front of his mind all day. 

"See, we're supposed to do harmonic analysis on two levels for this excerpt," she said, bending over the music theory assignment on the desk and pointing to the tiny notes on the page. Her cleavage was forced straight into his line of vision. She was wearing a light pink lacy bra that fit her very nicely, he noticed. She looked up and caught him staring. Without skipping a beat she continued "You are the only person I feel totally comfortable coming to with theory problems, since you're so helpful and good at explaining things." She smiled at him.

Realizing he was stammering out of shock, he quickly replied "Thank you, Ella. I'm sure we can have a look at this and figure it out together. It's not as difficult as it looks." 

He wasn't sure exactly what she was trying to do, but whatever it was, he was going to act like nothing had ever happened, like he said the day before. That was the only way he could hold on to his sanity.

Ella was enjoying herself. She didn't know where all the boldness had come from, doing anything remotely like this was uncharacteristic of her. She couldn't deny that it made her feel so sexy, though. She walked over to the chair where her bag was sitting, directly across from his desk. "Let me grab my pencil," she said, while casually bending over and giving him a good view of her thong underneath her short dress. 

He saw it, the tiny pink thong that matched her bra. Her ass was small, firm and very smooth looking. She spread her legs apart the tiniest bit, and his cock twitched uncomfortably while a rush of anger spread through him. Two could play this game. She shouldn't think she's so clever.

When she felt she'd rummaged around enough, but not too much to be completely obvious, she stood up and walked back over to him, a smug little smile on her face. He smiled back as though nothing had happened. She bent over his desk again and tossed her hair over her shoulder, wafting the smell of it in his face. It smelled warm, and somehow fresh, like almond extract and butterscotch and molasses. Disregarding this, he immediately launched into a long winded explanation of the first level harmonic analysis. He looked up at her periodically while talking, avoiding looking down her dress, despite how it tempted him like a blinking light. 

The longer he talked, the more frustrated she became. 

Ella pasted a placid smile on her face while remembering to nod occasionally. She figured he was purposely trying to dissuade her advances, but she wasn't going to give up. She'd keep building the sexual tension between them higher and higher until he absolutely couldn't stand it any longer. When he finally finished his "helping explanation," she beamed at him. 

"Thank you so much. Ugh, music theory is so hard! I don't know how i'd pass without your help," she said.

"My pleasure," He responded with an equally bright smile. "Now, it's Friday. Shouldn't you be off with your friends doing something fun?"

At his words she immediately turned a delicate shade of pink. "No, I haven't really got any plans tonight..." she said.

He sensed there was something she wanted to hide, but didn't want to press the issue. He stood up and opened the door for her. 

"Well, have fun doing whatever activities you'll be doing tonight, Ella."

Damn, that came out unintentionally suggestive. He couldn't stop himself from flirting with her! His eyes followed her ass as she collected her things around his office. Walking out the door, she stopped a little too close to him and looked him straight in the eye.

"Oh, I will." 

And with a smile she brushed past him and descended the staircase.

----

That night around eight, Ella lay in bed feeling more than a little nervous, not believing she was actually going to do something this forward. She hesitated before reaching down and sliding her thong off, then pulling her dress over her head and removing her bra. She spread her legs and exhaled. While her right hand made slow circles around the outer lips of her already tingling pussy, her left hand picked up her cell phone and scrolled through the contacts until she reached "Reilly, Adam." He had given all his students his cell phone number at the beginning of the year, in case they ever needed to let him know last minute that they wouldn't be coming to a meeting or a lesson. She'd never used it, before now. 

Her right hand middle finger was now at her opening, feeling the wetness pooled there from the arousing few days she'd had and the prospect of what she was about to do. She gently stroked her clit and groaned deep in her throat. She was so warm and wet that the slightest touch sent jolts of pleasure buzzing through all her extremities. She took a deep breath and pressed send. Holding the phone up to her ear, she continued to stroke her pussy and waited.

Dr. Reilly was at home watching T.V. when his phone began to ring. He looked at the screen and realized it was a number he didn't recognize. He muted the T.V. and answered. 

"Hello?"

There was no response. 

"Hellooo...? Is there anyone there?"

No response. He was about to hang up when he heard something. It sounded like breathing. Yes, it was definitely breathing, and it was getting heavier. He was beginning to get creeped out. 

"Who is this? Why are you calling me?"

There was no answer, but this time he heard a distinctive sound. It sent a jolt through him. It was the sound of a woman moaning. No, it can't be, he thought. He sat paralyzed, holding the phone up to his ear, while the soft moaning continued. It sounded like it was coming from far away, like the phone was set down a foot or so away from the woman on the end of the line. She seemed to be in pleasure. She was whimpering softly and groaning. He thought he could hear wet sounds. 

"Oh, God yes..." he heard faintly, followed by a gasp and another moan. 

He sat up in his chair, heart pounding. That voice was unmistakable, even through a fuzzy phone line. It was Ella, he knew it. His cock was growing hard listening to her. He wondered if she had accidentally dialed him while she masturbated. The thought aroused him beyond belief. He unconsciously took his hardening cock out of his pants and stroked it while holding the phone to his ear. She was clearly enjoying herself. Her moans were growing louder and more frantic. 

He pictured her laying there, probably on her bed, naked, spread eagle with her hand between her legs. He was throbbing, so hard that it hurt. He pictured her fondling her perfectly formed little breasts with one hand, pinching her hard nipples, while she rubbed her clit with the other, and had to stifle a moan while she let hers out on the end of the line. 

Her panting was getting faster and more urgent, and he could tell she was about to cum. The thought drove him over the edge, and as she let out a long, stifled moan with the force of her orgasm, he exploded and shot his cum all over the place. 

Ella lay there panting, recovering from the best orgasm she'd had in a long time. After a few moments she picked up the phone and clicked the end button. She smiled to herself. Let him think it was an accident, that she was mortified, and hung up quickly after realizing she'd accidentally dialed him. She was still shocked that she'd actually followed through with her plan. It would be entertaining, certainly, to see how Dr. Reilly would act around her now. Would he bring it up or act like it hadn't happened? Or would he wait for her to approach the incident? 

She could tell she was winding him up, slowly, and sooner or later he would have to snap. As hard as he'd tried to conceal it, she still sensed his arousal during their homework session earlier. It was pointless of him to try to fight her. She'd keep teasing until he gave in. On some level, it wasn't even an option to give up. If she stopped trying she really might go insane with unfulfilled lust, being around him for four years...

Dr. Reilly shook while he wiped the cum off his furniture with a paper towel. He hadn't come that hard in... well, who knows how long. A thought crept into his brain that maybe it hadn't been an accident. Maybe she had purposely called him, purposely let him hear her touching herself. 

He shook his head. How did he get himself into this? A student was having so much power over him. Part of him was angry that she was doing this to him, tormenting him like this, knowing that he would be putting everything at risk by having a relationship with her. 

The other part was more aroused than he'd ever been in his life. He knew that he couldn't wait to see her again on Monday, her bright smile, her petite, delicious body... She was one of the more talented students he'd ever taught, which attracted him to her even more. In more ways than one, too... No woman had ever had the power to wind him up like this before. He couldn't wait to be alone with her again, even though he knew the tortures it would bring. He would not let himself give in to her schemes. 

But, for the next few days, the thought of her naked and pleasuring herself would not leave his mind no matter what he tried. The thoughts were getting more and more elaborate, his imagination taking over where her faint moans had left off. 

He was imagining her fucking herself with a massive dildo, shoving it deep into her pussy and moaning while she played with her breasts with her free hand. Her body was all oiled up and she looked like a greek goddess in his mind. The thought of seeing her on Monday made him tremble, made his cock get hard instantly like an uncontrollable teenager. 

----

Ella was even more nervous this particular Monday than she had been the very first Monday of the term, but she had it all planned out in her mind: what to say to him, how to act, how to look. It was ten minutes before 10 am. She clicked down the halls in her heels and pushed the door open to the studio, expecting it to be empty. Standing there was Dr. Reilly, and all the sudden all her schemes flew from her mind like butterflies and settled somewhere in her stomach. The craziness of what she had done assaulted her again. 

How was she going to act like it was an accident when she was so obviously, madly attracted to him? He turned around and saw her standing there. For a second they stared at each other with unadulterated lust and fascination. He struck such a sexy, powerful figure in his suit. She wanted nothing more than to walk up to him, grab his head and kiss him with all she had in her. 

The electricity between them was palpable. His eyes would not stop roving up and down her body. She blushed and looked down, breaking the moment. He opened his mouth to speak, but she cut him off.

"Dr. Reilly, about Friday..." she broke off and cleared her throat. "I'm really, really sorry... I can't believe I did that, it was a total accident. I must have accidentally dialed you. It won't happen again. I'm mortified," she said weakly, even managing to blush. 

Dr. Reilly stared at her, looking for a twitch, the hint of a smile, anything to show that she was lying. She really is a superb actress. He stepped closer to her, and when they were a few feet apart a look passed over her face; her eyelids fell and fluttered, her lips parted and her breathing shot up. He noticed before she could hide it. He stepped closer, smirking, and she backed away. The effect he had on her was too much for her to hide. He liked that. 

Suddenly grabbing her arm, all professionalism gone, he whispered in a low, rough tone "Was it an accident? Or did you want me to hear you rubbing your pussy? You wanted to send me over the edge, didn't you?" 

She looked shocked and once again the look on her face told him that she couldn't stand the closeness between them. 

"I... It was an accident... I didn't want you... to hear..." She whispered raggedly. She was having trouble breathing. 

His eyes were smoldering. In books, they always use the expression "eyes smoldering" to describe the way someone looks at someone they're lusting for. But until this moment, she'd never understood exactly what smoldering might look like. Smoldering was the only way to describe the way Dr. Reilly's eyes penetrated her, made her unable to breathe. 

"Listen to me, Ella. You aren't going to win. I am not going to do this with you, i'm not going to play these games." 

With a firm grip on one of her arms still, he grabbed the other one and stepped even closer to her, fighting his own primal urge to shove her against the wall, push up her skirt and fuck her right there. 

Her eyes were wide with shock, her lips open. He could see her pink tongue and hear her feverish breathing. She wasn't even trying to hide it any longer. He wanted to feel her lips on his again so badly. Without thinking he leaned in towards her face, but stopped himself before his lips reached their goal. 

"You can try as long as you want to, but I'm not going to do this with you." he whispered. 

His warm breath washed over her face. She couldn't help a small whimper escaping from her lips. Every fiber of her being seemed to pull towards him like he was some sort of magnet. 

His eyes shut for a moment and he said, almost indistinguishably, "God, Ella..."

A sound disturbed them: the door was being opened. He quickly let go of her arms and she felt the blood rushing back into them. Dr. Reilly stepped away and moved behind a chair, where the bulge in his pants couldn't be seen. Ella sat down, rubbing her arms, trying to collect herself before everyone came in. Master class was quite the event that day. Everyone could see that Dr. Reilly was not himself, he was jumpy, absent-minded, and seemed to be avoiding looking anyone in the eye. 

Ella sat in the back row behind most of the other people, so nobody noticed when her hand started surreptitiously pulling her skirt up her thigh, revealing much more of her than was appropriate. Nobody besides for Dr. Reilly, that is. And oh, how he tried not to notice. 

Ella was staring again, boring holes in him with her eyes, pulling her skirt up right behind his other students. God damn her. Nobody was surprised when he let class out ten minutes early. 

----

Dr. Reilly opened his eyes and groaned. He rolled over and looked at the clock. It was 3 in the morning. He realized he was sweating and all twisted up in the sheets. Not surprising, considering the dream he'd been having. It was a replay of earlier in the day, with Ella, with noticeable differences... He'd been fucking her, smashing her up against the wall. She had whimpered the same way she did earlier that made him crazy, but this time he pushed her against the wall, ripped her skirt off and fucked her roughly while she clung to him, digging her nails into his back and screaming "Don't stop, Oh God, don't stop! Fuck me... Fuck me hard!" and he'd obliged, of course. 

He was just about to cum deep inside her tight, hot pussy when he woke up. Of course. Sleep eluded him. All he could do was lay there, still hard, thinking about Ella. In his sleepy, befuddled state all he could think was that the only way things could be fixed is if he fucked her. There was no way around it. It had to be done. She was haunting his dreams. This has to stop, he thought. Then he groaned again and scolded himself. No, that couldn't happen... When he finally did fall asleep again, Ella was right there, naked, bending over his desk, begging to be fucked. 

"I've been a bad girl. I need you to punish me." Dream Ella whispered in a low purr, looking over her shoulder at him. She was much sluttier than the real Ella. Dr. Reilly moaned in his sleep. In the morning he woke up, bleary eyed, feeling like he'd gotten no rest at all.

----

Tuesday morning passed in a blurry haze of arousal mixed with fear and apprehension. Ella couldn't concentrate in her class. She was tapping her foot, humming under her breath, playing games on her computer, anything to get rid of the sick, nervous feeling in her stomach that made her pulse fly up and her breathing quicken. Her lesson was this afternoon. She refused to back down and give up; she'd come too far already.

Dr. Reilly sat in his office, waiting in the silence. He wasn't such a coward that he would make up an excuse to cancel Ella's lesson, even though he was tempted. He'd just have to put a stop to her behavior once and for all. He would tell her, straight to her face, that she had to stop or he would be forced to... take action. Well, that sounded lame and ineffective. But it was the best he had to threaten her with. 

This couldn't go on. He was losing sleep over it, and that was where he drew the line. He closed his eyes and grimaced at the thought of being in her presence constantly for the next four years, being alone with her at least once a week, and NOT doing with her what he pleased. But it would be for the best. At least, that's what he told himself. He ran a hand through his dark hair and exhaled. It was 2:55.

Ella was wearing matching underwear. A black lacy bra that barely covered her nipples, and a tiny matching thong. She never wore matching underwear. It was giving her a weird feeling of confidence as she breathed in and out, standing outside Dr. Reilly's office door. When 2:59 became 3:00 she slowly knocked on the door three times. He opened it, and without a word walked back to his desk and sat down. He wasn't smiling. Ella's nervousness increased tenfold seeing his solemn expression. 

"Good afternoon," she said quietly. No response.

He seemed very agitated. He stood and walked over to her, not meeting her gaze. When he looked into her eyes the illusion of confidence she'd been building shattered into tiny pieces, and she knew she wouldn't be able to control herself. 

"Ella, we both know things aren't normal right now. You need to stop... trying to seduce me," He started out awkwardly and looked down again. "You can't keep trying. It would be bad for the both of us. If you do, i'll be forced to... take action." He said, his voice sounding hollow and insincere. 

"Take action?" she said, breathing hard, stepping closer to him. "That's exactly what I want you to do." She gazed up at him, lips parted. "I want you. I haven't ever actually told you this before..." She whispered. Her cheeks were flushed. 

"I need you, Dr. Reilly. I can't be around you and not have you. You're the most wonderful teacher and man I have ever known... Please." 

Her pleading drove him mad, he couldn't stand it.

"I need you..." She repeated, closing her eyes, waiting for his rejection.

He looked tortured. "I can't, Ella... I want to but I really can't. It's too risky."
