 During the next week, Jane thought a lot about the time that she had spent posing for Richard. She remembered the feeling as his eyes devoured her. She was sure that he was undressing her in his mind as he worked at his canvas. The thought of this made her tingle all over. She looked forward eagerly to their next session the following weekend.

The next Sunday afternoon, Jane and Steve drove over to Richard and Katie's house as arranged. Jane had put a lot of thought into the dress that she would wear. It was a light summer frock, cut low at the front, with no sleeves, and just little shoulder straps. She did not wear a bra, but she wore a coat so that Steve and Katie would not be able to see what she was wearing.

When they arrived, there were just a few minutes of chat before Richard and Jane went out to Richard's studio behind the garage. Jane went and sat on the lounge that Richard had posed her on the previous week. Then she casually removed her coat. "Do you like my dress?" she asked, smiling at Richard.

"Oh yes!' said Richard, staring at her breasts which seemed to be straining against the material, trying to escape. "It's lovely!"

"I thought that you might like to see a bit less of my dress, and a bit more of me," said Jane sweetly. "Come an show me how you want me to sit."

Richard walked over to Jane. His eyes were completely focused on her breasts. His mind was racing, trying to think of a way that he could slip them out of her dress. He posed Jane how he wanted her to sit, and she shivered with delight at the touch of his hands. Then Richard slipped the shoulder straps of her dress down onto her arms. Jane did not protest, so he decided to see how far she would let him slide her top down. Slowly, slowly he moved her shoulder straps, pulling down the top of her dress with them, until both her breasts popped out.

Jane couldn't believe that she had let Richard go this far. The only other man that had ever seen her naked breasts was Steve. She felt so naughty, so -- bad. And the thought excited her, and made her quiver all the way down to her pussy.

"Do you like them?" asked Jane shyly.

"Oh yes!" gasped Richard. "They're -- you're beautiful!"

Richard couldn't move. He was transfixed by the sight of Jane's beautiful breasts. They were round and firm, with big nipples. Richard was undoubtedly a breast man, and Jane's breasts were just about his idea of perfection.

Richard wanted to reach out and touch her breasts, to bury his face in them and suck her nipples. But he didn't want to go too far. He knew that Jane was not a sexually aggressive woman, and he didn't want to spoil what so far was a very good thing. So he went to his canvas and started work.

Katie, on the other hand, was a very sexually aggressive woman. As soon as Richard and Jane had left the house, she had dragged Steve upstairs to the guest bedroom and just about ripped off his clothes. Steve had once again been planning to slowly undress Katie, but he didn't complain. As he thrust his cock in and out of her pussy, she implored him to fuck her harder, and to cum inside her. As much as Richard was a breast man, Steve was a pussy man. He just loved the feel of Katie's smooth pussy.

After making love three times, Steve and Katie dressed and went back downstairs. They watched some more of the movie that they had started watching last week. The movie had almost finished when Richard and Jane returned. Steve and Jane said their goodbyes and left.

Once again, Jane thought a lot about that afternoon during the week. She had hoped that Richard would touch her breasts, squeeze and fondle them with his gentle artist's hands, and perhaps even suck her nipples. But that hadn't happened. Jane decided that Richard must be a little shy, just like she had thought that she had been. So she decided that the next week she would send him some stronger signals.

So the next Sunday Jane once again wore her revealing dress. As soon as she and Richard were in the studio she slipped off her jacket. "Oh, I see that you've worn that lovely dress again," said Richard. "I'm glad."

"Come and help me pose," said Jane invitingly.

Richard posed Jane how he wanted her, and then he once again slid down her shoulder straps until her breasts popped out of her dress. But this time, Jane reached out and took both of Richard's hands and placed them over her breasts.

Richard couldn't believe his good luck. He was in tit heaven as he squeezed Jane's breasts, and then he bent down his head, and Jane gasped with pleasure as she felt his lips surround her nipple. Most of the sensation shot straight down to her pussy, which she thought was going to explode with pleasure. "Oh, Richard!" she gasped. "I want you! I want you so much!"

By that time Richard's cock was rock hard. He lifted Jane up and pulled down her dress, leaving just her panties. Quickly he shed his clothes. Jane removed her panties and lay back on the lounge with her legs open invitingly. Richard quickly accepted her invitation and slid his cock into her wet pussy.

Richard was a gentle and considerate lover, Jane discovered, totally unlike Steve. She loved the way that he worshipped her body, and she came three times, something that she had never done before.

Meanwhile, Steve had finally managed to undress Katie slowly, enjoying her superb body inch by inch as he removed her clothes. But when she was naked, Katie pushed him back onto the bed and climbed on top, riding him to the most intense climax that he had ever experienced.

Steve and Katie had only just returned downstairs when Richard and Jane came into the house.

"How did it go today?" Steve asked Jane.

"Wonderful!" gushed Jane. "Richard is so talented."

And so things continued in this blissful state for the next couple of weeks. Then one Sunday, after they had made love in the studio and Richard was preparing to start painting, Jane said to him, "I wonder what Steve and Katie do while we are out here?"

"The same thing that we do, I expect," replied Richard, smiling.

"What, you means Katie paints too?" asked Jane, surprised.

"No, not painting," said Richard. "The other thing."

It took Jane a few seconds to realise what he meant. Then she gasped with surprise. "You don't mean.......?" she asked.

"Of course," said Richard. "Katie is a very sexual woman. I've seen the way that she looks at Steve when you're not there."

Jane's sense of reason was completely overwhelmed. At first she was outraged at the idea that Steve was cheating on her, but then she remembered that she had been cheating on him at the same time! So she decided to say nothing for the present.

One of the results of both Steve and Janes' extra-curricular activities had been a vast improvement in their own sex life. Of course the fact that each of them was thinking of someone else during sex was of no consequence. But then one day Steve used a new move on Jane, and she decided that it was time to test Richard's theory.

"Nice move," she said. "Did Katie teach you that?"

"Oh yes," said Richard. "She showed me ........." then his voice trailed off as he realised that he had been tricked. "Oh my God," he moaned.

"So it's true!" said Jane angrily. "You have been screwing Katie, just as Richard said that you were."

Steve was about to say something in his defence when the penny dropped. "Wait a minute!" he said. "Richard told you about me and Katie? Why would he do that?" He paused, and then smiled. "Of course! You and he do more that just paint in that studio of his, don't you?" he said.

Jane said nothing. She knew that she had been found out. Steve grinned in triumph, and then he burst out laughing. Then Jane laughed too, and they rolled around on the bed as they realised the irony of the situation.

Finally, Jane said, "So was Katie any good?"

"Well I have to say that she was pretty damn good," replied Steve. "How was Richard?"

"Very gentle and considerate," said Jane dreamily. "He was lovely."

They were quiet for a couple of minutes, and finally Jane said, "So what happens now?"

"Well, since everyone knows about everyone else, except Katie, I think that we should go public," said Steve. "Then you and Richard won't have to keep doing it on whatever you do it on in his studio."

"It would be nice to be in a proper bed," sighed Jane.

"Then it's settled," said Steve.

So the next Sunday, when they arrived at Richard and Katie's house, Steve went straight up to Katie, put his arms around her, and kissed her. For a second or two she kissed back, but then she realised what was happening and pulled away. "Steve!" she gasped in pretended anger. "What are you doing?"

"It's OK, Katie," said Steve. "Jane and Richard know about us."

"What!!" exclaimed Katie, looking worriedly at Richard. "How did you know?"

"I guessed," said Richard. "I know how much you like sex, and Steve is a good-looking man."

"And I know about Richard and Jane," said Steve, looking directly at Richard.

Katie stood there with her mouth open, until finally she managed to say, "You mean..... Jane and Richard.... were...."

"Doing it, in Richard's studio, while you and I were doing it upstairs," said Steve.

Katie burst out laughing, and everyone else joined in. Then Steve said, "And now, Richard, I'm going to take your wife upstairs and fuck her. And I suggest that you do the same to my wife."

And they all disappeared upstairs.