 As Steve and Katie drove home from work on Friday afternoon, Steve wasn't sure what he should do during the trip. Eating out Katie's pussy that morning on the way to work had been an amazing experience. He wanted to touch her again, to feel her pussy as she drove, but he didn't know if that was what she wanted. So instead he chatted to her as though nothing had happened between them that morning.

After they had chatted for a little while, Katie said, "Richard and I are having a few people over tomorrow evening. All very informal, just drinks and nibbles. Why don't you and Jane come over as well?"

"I don't know," said Steve. "Jane's not very big on parties."

"But you'll ask her?"

"I'll ask her."

So that evening Steve raised the subject of the party with his wife. "You remember Katie from work?" he asked. Jane said that she did. "Well, she and her husband Richard are having a few people over to their house tomorrow evening. Very informal, drinks and finger food. She asked if we would like to go. What do you think?"

"Would you like to go?" asked Jane.

"Well, yes, it might be fun," said Steve casually.

"All right then, we can go," said Jane.

Steve didn't get much done at home the next day, as all that he could think about was Katie's party. They had never been anywhere together except for work and so he had not seen her in anything except her business clothes. All day long he kept imagining Katie in sexy party dresses.

At last the time of the party arrived. When Katie answered the door, Steve's mental pictures of her all came true. She was wearing a very skimpy, and very hot, party dress. Katie greeted Jane with a kiss on the cheek as though they were old friends.

There were two other couples at the party, and Steve and Jane mingled and chatted with them. Steve forced himself not to pay too much attention to Katie. Then Jane noticed a couple of oil paintings hanging on the wall and stopped to admire them.

"Richard painted those," said Katie, coming up behind Jane. "Isn't he clever?"

"Oh yes," said Jane. "They're very good. I used to paint a little, you know."

"Really?" said Katie. Then she called out to Richard and he came over to them. "Jane used to paint also, Richard." She said. "Why don't you take her out and show her your studio."

"Oh yes please!" said Jane enthusiastically.

"The studio's out the back, behind the garage," said Richard as he led Jane out the back door.

As soon as they had left the room Katie came and took Steve's hand. "Dance with me," she said in a low sultry voice.

They danced, slowly, and close together. Steve had not been that close to Katie before, and his senses were intoxicated by her presence. He loved the touch of her skin under his fingers, and several times he had to resist the urge to slide his hands down her back and squeeze her ass.

"Come and help me get some more drinks," Katie said, and led him into the kitchen. As soon as the kitchen door closed, she threw herself at Steve and kissed him, pressing her superb body against his. "I want you so much!" gasped Steve. "Soon, baby, soon, I promise," she whispered breathlessly.

They kissed again, and then picked up some drinks and went back to the party.

Meanwhile, Richard was showing Jane his studio, and several paintings that he was working on. Then Jane noticed a painting of a nude woman on the wall. "Is this Katie?" she asked.

"Oh yes," said Richard. "I painted that just after we were married. But she won't let me hang it in the house."

"Well, I can understand that she might not want to have a nude painting of herself in the house," said Jane.

"Oh, it isn't that," said Richard. "She says that I made her breasts too large."

"And did you?" asked Jane.

"Well, yes, I must admit that I did," said Richard. "I like women with large breasts." And he had to bite his tongue so that he didn't add "just like yours".

For the next few minutes Jane admired the paintings, while Richard admired Jane. "Have you ever posed for an artist, Jane?" he asked casually.

"Me? Goodness, no!" said Jane, surprised.

"You'd make a wonderful subject," said Richard. "Would you sit for me?"

"You want to paint me?" asked Jane.

"Very much," said Richard. "We could start, and if you decided that you didn't want to go on, you would just have to tell me."

Jane's mind was in a trance. She was flattered that an artist would want to paint her picture. She imagined herself posing on a studio lounge, draped only in a piece of sheer gossamer material. And then she imagined that the gossamer slipped of her shoulder, revealing her naked breasts to the delight of Richard as he worked at the painting. These kind of thoughts were completely new to her, and her body tingled in ways that she had never experienced before. Suddenly she felt very naughty.

"Oh Richard, I'd love to pose for you," she said. "Thank you for asking me. When can we start?"

"I usually work on Sunday afternoons," said Richard. "We could start tomorrow, if you like."

"All right, then, tomorrow it is," said Jane.

When they returned to the party Steve was still dancing with Katie. Jane immediately told them both that she was going to pose for Richard, starting tomorrow. They both said that was wonderful. Then Steve danced with Jane until it was time for them to leave.

The next afternoon, Jane asked Steve if he would drive her to Richard and Katie's house as she couldn't remember the way. "Sure," said Steve. "Katie and I can watch a movie or something while you and Richard are working." Working in the shed, away from the house, he thought to himself. The possibilities were interesting -- for him and Katie, that is.

When they arrived at Richard and Katie's house, Richard and Jane immediately disappeared out the back door and into the studio. "I didn't know what I should wear," said Jane. "Is this all right?"

"It's just fine," said Richard. "It will take me a while to get the painting to the stage where I have to paint in your clothes, so we can work out something later." Already he was devising ways that he could get Jane out of her clothes completely.

Richard sat Jane on a studio lounge that was in the room, and proceeded to arrange her posture. As he brushed some wisps of hair away from her face, the touch of his hand on her skin made Jane tingle. Then she thought about Richard's off-handed comment when she mentioned her clothes? Would he ask her to pose nude? The thought of undressing in front of him sent a delightful shiver through her whole body.

As soon as Richard and Jane had left, the house, Steve turned to Katie. "Looks like we have come time on our hands," he said. "What do you think that we could do?" Without answering, Katie put her arms around his neck and pressed herself up against him. "I'm sure that we will think of something," she murmured as her hungry lips met his.

Steve devoured Katie's mouth, and allowed his hands to rove all over her lovely body. Finally Katie broke off the kiss, and led him up the stairs to a guest bedroom. "Wait here," she breathed. "I'll just be a minute."

Steve waited, the anticipation making his cock swell to full size. And then Katie came back into the room. She was wearing the shortest skirt that Steve had ever seen, and it showed not only her stocking tops but her suspenders as well. Steve immediately knew that underneath she was wearing the underwear that he had given her.

"I feel like such a slut when I wear this dress," she said breathlessly.

"Then we best take it off," said Steve. "And see if you really are a slut underneath."

Steve had been thinking about this moment all day, and had planned in intimate detail how he would undress Katie, slowly, sensually, revealing her lovely body to him. But looking at her in that slutty dress, he completely forgot all of those plans. He just wanted to rip off all of her clothes so that he could fuck her brains out.

And that's just what happened.

They lay together afterwards, holding each other, after what had been the best fuck of Steve's life. They had done it three times, and Katie had squealed with pleasure each time as she had cum. Katie stroked his chest, curling her fingers in his chest hairs. "You never did get that head job, did you?" she murmured. "Maybe next time."

"So there's going to be a next time?" asked Steve.

"Oh, there will definitely be a next time," Katie said.

They decided then that they should get up and dress, and watch at least part of a movie in case Richard or Jane asked them what they had been doing. So they did that, and then after about another half hour, Richard and Jane returned to the house.

"How did it go?" asked Steve.

"Great," said Richard. "Jane is a lovely subject to paint." Jane just smiled at him.

They all had a drink, and then Steve and Jane left. During the drive home, Steve said to Jane, "So, are you going to keep on posing for Richard?"

"Oh, yes," said Jane eagerly. "We're going to continue on next Sunday."

"That's good," said Steve. Already he was thinking about the next Sunday.