 It was New Year's Eve, he was getting ready to go to a party, and he didn't want to go. 

For the past few months, he'd been a veritable hermit. When his last girlfriend left, he'd realized how much he liked being alone, how much he could get out of solitude. But he still had friends, and they still required his attention every now and then, so he agreed to join them when they invited him to a party near his apartment at the home of a mutual friend. 

It was a cold night, but a clear one, and as he walked the few blocks to the party, he thought that tonight might be fun after all. Going out once in a while, getting to know some new faces and names, might not be the dull chore he'd lately been viewing it to be. 

Then he got to the party. 

He was greeted at the door by Ryan and his girlfriend, Sarah. Oh boy, he thought. Sarah had had somewhat of an infatuation with him a few months previous, and while he hoped it wouldn't be awkward, he suspected it would be. 

"Hey, how's it going? Long time, no see!" 

"Yeah, I feel like we haven't seen you in forever," said Ryan. 

Forever is what the awkward silence that followed felt like, as Ryan and Sarah stood there, fidgeting, obviously unsure of what to say. Luckily, he was rescued by the sudden appearance in the vestibule of the friends who had invited him. 

"Sarah, where do you keep the extra cups?" Denise, his savior friend, gave him a knowing look as Sarah bustled out to the kitchen, followed by Ryan, of course. They really were an adorable, and very loving, couple. He just wished they were less awkward around him. 

He hung up his coat in the overstuffed closet next to the front door and joined Denise and her sister, Cathy in the main living room. There was a karaoke machine set up on a tall table in the corner of the room unattended for the moment, and the room was largely empty except for a small group of women gathered around the tv, where the announcers were getting ready for the New Year's ball drop in a few hours' time. Most of the people were in the dining room where drinks and snacks had been set up. 

He made the rounds, getting to know everyone a little bit. Most of the people there were new to him, but they quickly blended into each other. Jake, the administrative assistant, Heather, the advertising company worker, Brett, the paralegal, some other young professionals doing other young professional things. All nice people, he thought, albeit a bit cookie cutter. 

After a couple of ciders, he started to feel a bit warm and stood next to the open window to the side of the room to cool off and get a moment to himself. In the other room, someone was singing "I'm Gonna Be," by The Proclaimers on the karaoke machine. Whoever it was, she was doing a really good job of it. He loved the song, and the singer added a certain lilt to her singing that really made it come alive. He walked into the other room and saw that the singer was a slender brunette woman. She was really into the song, clutching the microphone in both hands, eyes tightly shut, not even looking at the words on the machine's screen. She was young, probably about 21 or so, with long hair. Her face was freckled. She was thin, with long and graceful legs and a figure accentuated by the tight, medium length blue dress that she wore. 

As she finished off the song, a few people clapped, and she blushed slightly before, smiling, passing the microphone to Denise, who started up a hearty rendition of Sisqo's "The Thong Song." The girl walked off into the other room to get another drink. He watched her walking away, noticing as she left the room that, for such a slender girl, she had a rounded, firm ass. He may have been a hermit, but he was still a man, after all. 

After a few more beers, he had to go to the bathroom, but there was a line of people waiting. He got in line, hoping it would move quickly. The hallway leading to the bathroom was dark, which felt good. His head was spinning from the beer, and he could sense the beginnings of a headache on the edges of his mind. He moved up as the line progressed and rubbed the bridge of his nose to keep the headache at bay. 

"Could this line move any slower?" said a melodic, heavily accented voice right next to him, causing him to jump. "Sorry, didn't mean to scare you!" she laughed. 

"It's fine. I just didn't see you there," he said, looking up. He stood up straight, surprised again. It was the girl from karaoke earlier. Though it was hard to see in the hallway, he saw that she had a nose piercing and dark eyes, hazel or green, he couldn't tell. "You're the girl from earlier, singing the Proclaimers' song, right? That's one of my favorite songs," he said. "You did a really good job, better than the original, even." 

She smiled and blushed slightly. "Thanks! I try, I guess." 

"I'm not just saying that to be nice. It was really good. Better than I could do," he laughed. "Though I think I'd need quite a few more drinks to ask for the mic." 

"Aww, you shouldn't be too shy. You never know where a little boldness will get you..." He smiled at the mischievous look in her eyes. He knew she didn't mean anything towards him, but he felt his cock stir in his pants anyway. "I'm Molly, by the way." 

"Thomas," he said. He still couldn't place her accent. It sounded British, maybe English, but not quite. "Where are you from?" 

"I'll give you three guesses. Nobody ever gets it." 

"England?" 

"Nope." 

"Scotland?" 

"Wrong again! You're close, I'll give you that, but you won't get it." 

"And if I do?" He figured that, if she wasn't Scottish or English, she might be Welsh, so he wondered if he could make this little game a bit more interesting. 

"Like a prize or something?" He nodded. "Ha! Let's see, how about I give you a kiss if you get it right?" 

"Well," he said, laughing, "I guess I'll take that, though I was kind of hoping for something a bit more." 

She playfully slapped his shoulder. "Ah! You're a cheeky one then! All you're getting is a kiss right now!" 

"Right now?" He said, grinning. 

"Oh, go on then, make your guess!" 

"All right, let's see, maybe Australia?" he said, toying with her. "Hmm, no, not Australia. New Zealand then, perhaps?" he looked at her expectantly. She just looked at him, smiling, and shrugged, laughing a bit under her breath. 

"I'm not helping you out. Is that your guess, then?" 

"No, it's not. Because I think I'm going to have to go with Wales. Now, how about that kiss?" he said, leaning in towards her. She looked at him, with her eyes slightly narrowed, obviously having expected him to make a wrong guess. He tapped his foot expectantly, giving her a knowing smirk. 

"All right then, come here." He leaned forward, putting his hand on her slender waist and pulling her into him. He looked into her eyes and couldn't stop smiling. He could smell the faint scent of wine on her breath and a hint of perfume, something flowery and pleasant. She was impatient and reached up to pull his head towards hers. He had expected just a quick kiss, but once their lips touched, her tongue entered his mouth, caressing lips and tongue. He pulled her closer, his tongue meeting hers and his hands drifting down her body to settle on her ass, giving it a quick squeeze. It was firm and full, and he could feel his cock beginning to harden and push against her as she rubbed against him. Her kiss was passionate and hungry. He imagined what other skills her tongue possessed, and his cock pushed even more insistently against the fabric of his pants. She pulled away, with a glint in her eyes, then looked down at his erection straining towards her. "Well now, what have we here? Looks like someone's enjoying that kiss..." 

"Sorry, didn't mean to interrupt anything," said a voice from behind the two of them. While they had been engaged, the door to the bathroom had opened, and Brian had started to come out, obviously pausing when he saw the winner's kiss going on. Thomas, having turned to see who'd spoken, spun back around to hide his raging erection, leaving Molly to giggle, covering her mouth with her hand. Brian walked on past the two of them, leaving Thomas standing there, face burning and erection quickly subsiding from being caught out. 

"I'll just go on in the bathroom then," Thomas said, still bashful, though if he hadn't actually needed to use the toilet, he would have had half a mind to invite Molly in with him to pick up where they'd left off. 

"See you in a bit," said Molly, having recovered from the fit of laughter she'd had at Thomas' predicament. He went in and closed the door behind him. He relieved himself and then splashed some cold water on his face, thinking of what he would say to Molly when he opened the door again. He decided that he would probably just play it safe, ask her if she wanted him to get a drink, and see where it went from there. After a few more minutes, he opened the door, but when he looked out into the dark corridor, he found Ryan there waiting, shuffling from foot to foot, obviously needing the bathroom quite badly. 

"What happened to Molly, the girl who was waiting out here?" 

"I don't know. There wasn't anybody out here when I came over. Maybe she went to go use the bathroom in the master bedroom. I would have done that, too, if I'd known how long you were going to take. Fuck man," he said, brushing past Thomas, undoing his pants in his hurry for relief. 

Thomas went back out to the main room, finding Denise still screaming into the karaoke machine's microphone. She wasn't the best singer in the world, but she more than made up for it in her enthusiasm. Thomas got a drink, meanwhile, looking around hopefully for Molly. When Denise finished her song, she passed the microphone off to someone else and walked over. 

"Haven't seen you for a while, been banging someone in the bathroom?" she said, a mischievous glint in her eyes. 

"Actually...no, not really, but, in an...unrelated note, have you seen Molly? I was talking to her a while ago, but she kind of disappeared. I wanted to ask her something." 

"Oh? Who's this Molly?" she asked, more than one question going unspoken. 

He described to her that Molly was the girl they'd seen singing earlier and gave her a summarized description of their conversation in the bathroom line, omitting some crucial details. Denise didn't need to know everything just yet. 

"Yeah, I think I saw her a little bit before you came back out, but I think she left with Art." 

Trying to hide the disappointment he felt, he shrugged and finished off his drink. "Oh well, she seemed pretty interesting." 

"I hope you're not going to let that ruin your night!" she said, seeing right through his act. 

"No, that'd be stupid. I'm having a great time. I do think that I'll leave pretty soon though. It's almost midnight, so I'll probably stay for the ball drop, but I'm pretty tired." 

"Aww, stay for a while at least! It'll be fun! Promise." 

"I'm sure it will be. I'm just tired, is all." 

"Oookay, be that way," she playfully pouted. 

In the blur of drinks and karaoke, and not a little dancing, the time until midnight passed by quickly. Soon, they all gathered in the main room, where a projector had been set up so that everyone could watch the ball drop in Times Square on an empty wall. Someone passed Thomas a plastic flute glass spilling over with champagne. People began splitting off in pairs in preparation for the traditional midnight kiss. Thomas looked over at Denise, who only shrugged and laughed. She, too, had nobody to bring the new year in with, lip to lip. "Guess we're going to have to make out," he said, jokingly. 

"No way, buddy, you're not getting any of this!" she snapped back in mock disgust. 

The countdown was just starting, with everyone raising their glasses high and counting together, ending the year in synchrony. 

"Ten! Nine!" 

Thomas felt a hand on his ass just then, making him jump a little. He looked over quickly, expecting to see Denise, but Molly's smile greeted him. He could see now, in the light, that her eyes were a beautiful green color. 

"Miss me, Yank?" she purred. 

"Eight! Seven! 

She held her glass up, her eyes never leaving his. 

"Six! Five! Four! Three! Two! One! Happy New Year!" 

The stereo started blaring "Auld Lang Syne," with those unpaired people in the room quickly taking up the words. Thomas started to sing, but Molly pulled his head down to hers and kissed him, deeply and with more than a little caressing of his tongue with hers. He pulled her close and kissed her back as she writhed into him. After a few more seconds, they parted. Thomas looked up and Denise caught his eye. She winked at him, and he blushed slightly. 

"You weren't going to let me bring in the new year with nobody to kiss, were you?" she said. 

"I guess not," he laughed. "But I thought you left. Someone told me you left with Art a while ago." 

"Oh, that guy? Yeah, he said he had some weed and asked me if I wanted to go outside to smoke. I don't think he had any, just wanted an excuse to get me on my own. He was all hands when we got outside. I wasn't having any of that, though. I know what I want tonight." With that she grabbed his cock through his pants, giving it a firm squeeze while kissing him again. She sucked on his tongue eagerly, skillfully, and his cock twitched against her hand. She stopped and began to walk away, making sure her hips swayed invitingly, making her ass look irresistibly sexual. Denise caught Thomas' eye again and made several pelvic thrusts at him while laughing loudly. Thomas motioned her to stop and hurriedly followed Molly out of the room. 

When they both went into the adjoining room, where only a few people milled about, she turned quickly, pressing herself against him again, and grabbing his hand forcefully. "Let's dance!" She put his hands on her hips and ground herself into him in time with the music filtering in from the other room. Thomas could feel the stares of the other people in the room, as they were the only ones dancing, and he stopped. She looked at him, pouting, then turned around and ground her ass against his cock. 

She definitely knows what she's doing, he thought. He grabbed her around the waist and, taking a second to get the beat, began to dance with her. Someone turned the music up in the other room, and, as it got faster, they danced closer and closer, now facing each other, now spinning away, now falling against each other, almost breathless. 

Sweating, they stopped, and Molly led him by the hand to get another drink. He poured himself a rum and coke, while she grabbed a beer. As they stood sipping their drinks, the air became silent between them, tense as a string on the verge of snapping. 

"Do you want to get out of here?" Thomas asked. 

"Fuck, yes," she replied. She slammed her beer on the table so hard that it tipped over, splashing everywhere. "Let's go!" 

"All right, grab your coat!" Thomas said. They rushed to the vestibule, where the guests' coats were hanging. Seeing Denise watching them from the doorway, Thomas mouthed to her that he was leaving, and he and Molly slipped out of the door and into the night. 

It was cold, so Molly walked close to him, her arm entwined with his as they walked the short distance to his apartment. They walked up the steps to his door. The door was recessed into the side of the building's main entrance, hidden from passersby. He fumbled in the dark with the key, trying to find both the right key and the keyhole in the gloom. She reached around from behind him, her hands drifting down and massaging his rapidly hardening length. He dropped the keys, but, after a few more moments of awkward fumbling, he opened the door. He stepped aside, and she stepped through, thrusting her pert ass towards him, inviting him to give it a slap which made it quiver. 

She stopped just inside the door, waiting for him to close it. When he had and they were enveloped by the near pitch darkness of the foyer, she shoved him back against the wall and attacked him in earnest. She moaned into his mouth and unbuckled his belt so skillfully that he hardly noticed until she pulled his pants down to his ankles. 

His cock strained against the thin cotton of his boxers, and her hands were cold when she reached inside them to pull it out. She spread his precum around the edge of his cock's head. Now it was his turn to moan into her mouth. He tried to slide his hand up her trembling thigh, but she stopped him. 

"Not yet. I need to eat first." 

"Eat?" he said, puzzled. 

She dropped down to her knees there in the foyer and, in one movement, enveloped his cock in her warm, wet mouth. Her tongue caressed the head, and she pulled away, a small string of spit connecting her mouth to his cock. "Grab my hair," she said. "I want you to use my little mouth." 

He didn't need to be told twice. 

He threaded his fingers into her soft and silky hair, and gently, but firmly, pulled her head back onto his cock. He thrust into her mouth as she sucked and tongued his cock. He couldn't see very well, but he could hear and feel the wetness of her cocksucking and that made it all the better. 

She pulled away again, moving down along his shaft, then popping one ball, then the other into her eager mouth. They were both moaning together. He could hear something else, aside from her mouth eagerly inhaling his throbbing cock. A car drove by on the street, briefly and dimly illuminating the foyer. He looked down and saw her hand working frantically between her legs as she sucked him, her wetness audible as she rubbed her clit. He almost came immediately from the sight, but the car passed by, and darkness filled the foyer once again. 

She sucked him more, and he thrust faster and faster into her mouth. She grabbed his hips with her free hand, stopping his thrusting, then thrust forward herself, taking almost his entire length into her mouth. His cock entering her throat was heaven, her tongue darting along the bottom of his shaft was electricity, and every muscle in his body strained with the pleasure of it. She gagged a little and started to pull away. 

The light came on, blinding both of them. 

"Oh shit! Sorry man!" said a voice from up the short flight of stairs leading to the living quarters. 

Both Molly and Thomas rushed to conceal what they had just been doing, quite unsuccessfully. Thomas buckled his pants back and turned to look up the stairs where Mitch, his roommate, stood looking to the side out of a sense of propriety. 

"I was just heading out. Didn't know you guys were...hanging out in here." His ears were the color of fresh beets. Thomas imagined that his were probably a similar shade. 

Molly pushed past him, going up the stairs and walking up to Mitch. "Hey, I'm Molly, Thomas' friend." 

"Mitch," he said bashfully, hesitantly taking her hand. "I'll just go now." He walked past her and, gave Thomas a quick smile before heading out the front door. 

With all of the commotion, Thomas' cock wasn't hard anymore, but he knew the slightest of Molly's ministrations would quickly return him to his former state. 

"Let's go on up to your room, shall we?" Molly said, apparently unfazed by them being caught by Mitch. He followed her up the stairs. She waited at the top, not knowing which room was his. He led her into his room, where she laid back on the bed, exposing the pale skin of her long legs. She looked at him expectantly. 

"Let me just run to the bathroom right quick. I'll be right back, promise," he stuttered. 

"I'll be waiting," she said, her voice having taken on a husky tone that made his cock twitch back to life. 

In the bathroom he quickly relieved himself, then washed his face off. It was still hot and flushed from being caught by Mitch, but soon all he could think about was Molly waiting back in his room, the warmth of her mouth on his cock, and the feel of her ass in his hands. 
