 The next Sunday, when Steve and Jane arrived at Richard and Katie's house, there was no pretence of painting or watching movies. Both couples immediately paired off and disappeared upstairs to the bedrooms.

The sex had been good, Jane told herself as she lay in Richard's arms. Good, but not great. Something had been missing. And then she realised that what was missing was the excitement, the danger of getting caught. When she and Richard were making love in his studio, there was always a risk that Steve and Katie would walk in on them. And Jane realised that was what made it so exciting to be with Richard.

As Jane lay there thinking about this, she heard Steve and Katie making love in the next room. Katie was making a lot of noise, and Jane pictured her riding Steve's cock, with her tits bouncing up and down as he fucked her. The idea of watching her husband fuck another woman excited Jane. And then she realised that she didn't just want to watch, she wanted to join in with them. The thought of this made her very horny, so she took Richard's cock in her hand, stroking and fondling it until he was hard enough to fuck her again. And as they fucked, Jane imagined that she was with Steve and Katie. She came hard, harder than she had ever done before.

Later, after they had all returned downstairs, Jane and Katie were in the kitchen fixing some drinks.

"You know, I really regret that I made Steve return that sexy underwear that he bought for me," said Jane. "I've been thinking that I might buy some myself. Do you think that you could help me to pick some out?"

"Of course," said Katie. "We can do it this week if you like."

So the following Wednesday, both Jane and Katie thought of an excuse not to go to work, and they went to a lingerie store in their town. Katie suggested several items, and they walked over to the change rooms. "Come in and help me try them on," said Jane. And so they both went into the change room.

In the change room, Katie held the underwear while Jane removed her clothing. When she was completely naked she turned to face Katie. "My, my, you are a big girl," murmured Katie approvingly. "Steve's a lucky man."

Jane could feel Katie's eyes on her body. No woman had ever seen her naked, and the thought that she was completely exposed to Katie's view made her very excited. Then Katie helped her to try on the underwear, and the touch of Katie's hands on her skin made Jane tingle in a way that she had never felt before. Suddenly she wanted to see Katie naked as well, and to look at her in the same way.

"You should buy something too," said Jane. "All right, I will," said Katie, and went out of the change room back to the store. Soon she returned with black lace panties and bra, stockings and a suspender belt. "What do you think?" she asked, holding them up. "Mmmm, very sexy!" murmured Jane approvingly.

Jane's eyes were fastened on Katie as she removed her clothing. Jane gasped a little with surprise when she saw Katie's smooth shaved pussy. She had never seen a shaved pussy before, and it fascinated her.

Katie saw Jane looking at her pussy. "You know, you really will have to shave before you wear those sexy things," Katie said gently to Jane.

"Will you help me?" blurted out Jane.

"Of course I will," said Katie, touching Jane's arm. And right there, the connection between them was made.

They got dressed, wearing their new underwear under their clothes, paid for their purchases, and left the store. On the drive home neither woman said much, but they were both occupied with their thoughts. As she drove, Katie noticed that Jane was glancing at her legs, and this reminded her of that day when Steve had first looked at her stocking-clad legs as she drove. And once again, her pussy started to get damp.

As soon as they arrived at Jane's house, she said, "Let's do this right away." Before I lose my nerve, she thought. She went to the bathroom, collected a razor, shaving cream, water and a towel, and they both went into the bedroom. Once again, Jane felt Katie's eyes on her body as she undressed.

When she was naked, Jane lay back on the towel on the bed. Katie slipped off her dress and was wearing just her bra, panties and stockings. Katie applied lather and expertly removed all of Jane's pubes. "There!" she exclaimed triumphantly. "Feel how smooth you are." Jane ran her hand over her pussy and marvelled at how smooth it was. As she did this, Katie's hand rested on her inner thigh. Then Jane took Katie's hand and placed it over her pussy. Katie smiled at her, and gently caressed her pussy. Jane lay back and closed her eyes, experiencing for the first time the touch of another woman on her most intimate place. Then she gasped as she felt Katie's finger slip inside her pussy, while Katie's thumb rubbed her clit. Suddenly Jane reached up and pulled Katie's head down to her pussy. Jane was in ecstasy as Katie's tongue worked magic on her clit, and then she screamed with pleasure as she experienced her first orgasm with another woman.

When Jane's breathing returned to normal, she looked at Katie. "Could I shave you?" she asked. "You know, for practice."

"Of course," said Katie. She slipped off her underwear and lay back on the bed. Jane thought that Katie's pussy was the most beautiful thing that she had ever seen. As Katie had shaved the previous night there was just a little stubble for Jane to remove, but she took great care, and soon Katie's pussy was as smooth as hers. Then Jane lowered her mouth to Katie and pleasured her the same way as she herself had just enjoyed.

Later, after the girls had dressed and were enjoying a glass of wine in the living room, Jane said, "I heard you and Steve making love last Sunday."

"Oh, sorry I made so much noise," said Katie, embarrassed.

"Oh no it wasn't that," said Jane. "The thought of you two together really turned me on. I think that Richard was really surprised when I attacked him."

They both giggled. "Then I fantasised that I was there with you and Steve while you were making love."

"Really?" said Katie.

"Yes, and then I joined in, and we had a threesome. I don't know why I thought that, I've never thought anything like that before in my life."

Katie leaned over and kissed Jane. "And did you like it?" she asked.

"Oh yes," replied Jane enthusiastically.

"Then maybe we could do it for real sometime," said Katie.

"Really?" said Jane. "Do you think that Steve would want to do that?"

"Being with two women at the same time is every man's fantasy," said Katie. "Trust me, he'll do it."