 The foreign exchange student who lived next door (well, actually a block away) moved in right after my 18th birthday.

It was the middle of summer, before my senior year in high school. Olivia came from Switzerland. I happened to be acquaintances with her host family (through my parents), though I didn't know she was even here until she had lived in America for about 3 weeks.

She came earlier than expected (the foreign exchange companies screwed up) and her host family was going to be busy for a few weeks. There were a few things she had to do in America to get some culture, and some perspective, etc.

My parents volunteered me to drive her some places, because, as I said, her host family was caught up in a lot right now (something about a wedding and a retirement party for someone's dad). I begrudgingly accepted to drive her 2 hours south of here one day to visit a state college (for some reason) and to go to a science museum.

I picked her up that morning. I hadn't seen her yet, but I didn't expect to be impressed. At first, all she had to offer was a pair of really nice legs and a decent rack. But that was about it. 

We got into the car and started driving. She took off her sunglasses and looked at me and said in a very attractive accent, "Listen. I know we're supposed to be going to a college and a museum, but I don't care. I need clothes, I need makeup, a new hair style, and better bras."

"Fine by me," I said. We found our way to the nearest shopping center. To make a long story short, she came out with an absolutely stunning hairstyle, great makeup, and colored contacts to start with. This gave her face a much more exotic look, with stunning blue eyes and beautiful long strawberry blonde hair. She was starting to look very, very fine.

Olivia next went to Victoria's Secret. I didn't mind that... it's a wonderful place to be when you're 18 and in your prime. By the time she left, she was wearing her new bra, and it definitely helped. Her breasts looked fine before, but now they had definite shape and contour, and stuck out better for my viewing pleasure.

And when she put it all together with the flattering clothes... well... the whole package was amazing. She found pants that better flattered her butt, clothes that showed off her incredibly toned, supple body.

Whereas before I was moderately attracted, now I was completely turned on. 

Olivia was extremely friendly and outgoing-- even a little bit flirty. This was from the get-go. By the time we had spent the day together, she was very friendly, rather touchy-feely, and now showed off a to-die-for body.

We got to her house, and she offered to model her new clothes. I, of course, agreed (what else did I have to do?) and she showed me all of her sexy clothes.

"Would you like to see the bras I got as well?" she offered in her incredibly cute accent.

"Sure," I replied, expecting her to bring them out on a hanger or something.

Boy, was I surprised. It turns out she bought several pairs of bras and panties-- and wanted to show each ensemble off. First, she would run to the bathroom and put each new pair on, but after about 5 or 6 pairs, she just began to strip in the living room and put the next set on. This gave me one hell of an opportunity to take in her great curves, including her 30C breasts.

"Will American boys find me sexy?" she asked, innocently.

I gulped, and almost choked on my words. "Sexy? Of course. Yeah, definitely!" I sounded like a moron. But what was I supposed to do, while trying to hide my 8 1/2 inch hard-on in my pants.

"Do you find me sexy?"

"Yeah. Sure, I guess I do," I paused. "Why?"

"I have had sex only in Switzerland. I want to have sex with an American boy. I want to see what it is like."

"Oh. I see," I managed to mutter.

"Are you seeing someone?" she asked, now starting to sound a bit impatient.

"Uh, no. No I'm not."

She looked at me with her big blue eyes and asked, "Please. I know we haven't known another for very long, but I think I need it. Please? Can you?"

Olivia didn't wait for an answer. She simply approached me slowly and took off my pants. When she slipped off my boxers, my dick sprang out, pointing right at her. She was on her knees right now, on the soft living room carpet. She pushed me on to one of her parent's plush couches and took me in her mouth. First, she wrapped her soft lips around the head, and then slowly worked her way down as far as she could. She came back up and massaged my head with her tongue. As Olivia got more comfortable with the blowjob she moved faster. Soon I told her, "I am going to cum." She only sucked harder and moved faster.

I couldn't take it anymore, and I shot my load right into her mouth. She swallowed it all, sucking my head to get every last bit of giz. My cock softened a bit as she sat on my lap. I reached around behind and took off her bra. Her tits were right in my face, and I sucked, fondled, and played with them. She slid next to me on the couch and laid her head on the armrest. I slipped off her panties to reveal her shaven pussy.

She spread her legs for me, one leg was propped up on the couch, and the other was on the floor. I dove right into her, taking in her musky smell. I lapped up her taste with my tongue, tickling and rubbing against her clit.

I worked faster and harder. Olivia started to gyrate her hips, and I noticed she was fondling her tits. They bounced and jiggled more and more as I moved faster and she got closer to her first American orgasm. She licked her fingers and massaged her own nipples, tweaking them ever so gently, apparently to get a better orgasm. She bit her lip and started pushing and pumping her pussy into my face even harder. She kept one hand on her tits, but propped the other one up to brace herself. I lashed at her clit even more now and could tell that the orgasm was coming. 

Now she came, squeezing the sofa as each wave of erotic pleasure washed up over her body. I was completely hard again, and had to reposition my package a couple of times while I was eating her out. Presently, I was sitting on the couch again. Olivia whispered something in another language. My cock was standing straight at attention and it didn't take long for her to take notice. Immediately, she gently worked it into her pussy, sitting down my lap. Once again, her titties were right at face level, begging for attention. I used my hands on her stomach to guide her up and down my shaft as I used my mouth to suck and nibble on those two mounds in front of me.

Her hands were on my arms, and we both fucked gently (each of us a bit inexperienced). We both started working a little faster and harder now, our skin slapping gently against each other. She waved her hair back behind her face and licked her lips, all the while keeping her eyes closed.

"Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh yes, oh fuck me!" she cried, smiling at the pure erotic pleasure of it all.

"I can't hold out much longer," I said, feeling the pressure of cum swell up inside me.

"Don't ever stop. No, don't ever stop!" she panted. I could tell she was coming closer too. We both sped up, and started going really quickly. Our bodies made a rhythmic slap each time they collided, over and over again until I couldn't hold back any longer. 

We both came at the same time, as evidenced by our screams and moans. I went as long as I could until I went soft. She flipped her hair back again and collapsed into my arms. Sweat ran down our bodies. She kissed my neck, then looked up at me.

"Do you want more?" she asked through her panting.

"Uh huh," I said, wondering what she had in store for us next.

"Come with me," she said almost playfully, "we must get cleaned up." Olivia took my hand and led me to the bathroom, where there was an upright shower stall. My cock was beginning to stir again, excited by the possibility of a third orgasm, fucking this Swiss beauty in a shower. "Would you like to fuck me in here?" she asked.

I didn't say a word, just led her into the shower and turned on the water.

One thing I had learned from masturbating in the shower 100s of times is that the heat gives me a lot of stamina-- I would be able to go for a longer time.

I wanted Olivia to experience complete erotic pleasure at my hands that night. I was going to give her what she wanted in a way that no one ever had or could. What could I say, I was young and arrogant?

Anyway, I stuck two fingers into her snatch immediately. We were both standing and our bodies were completely inseparable.

"Ooh yeah. Oh, it feels good. Now fuck me. Please, fuck me," she pleaded, staring those big deep-blue eyes deep into mine.

"Not yet, baby. I will, but not yet," I softly replied, still working my fingers in her pussy.

The water was dripping on both of us; steam was rising from the floor. Continuing my finger-fuck, I kissed and sucked on her neck a little bit. She orgasmed relatively quickly this time, and as soon she did, I lifted one of her legs to allow my throbbing member access into her cunt. I slid in while she was still orgasming and moved up and down.

She was almost screaming in some other language, and I just kept pumping her full of my cock, as the water kept hitting us. With one leg propped up against the glass door, she gripped me and pushed at my crotch with hers, trying to get the most sex out of me as possible. I could tell by her voice that she was still cumming as I fucked her. Now she lifted her head towards the ceiling in a scream of extreme sensual pleasure.

"Don't stop. Don't stop!" she yelled out. She now gave me access to her bouncing wet breasts, and I worked my tongue and mouth down there, sucking and doing the best I could while still focusing on filling her cunt with my dick.

"Ahhh!" she was screaming, evidently still in orgasm. Her fingers were trembling and her knees were shaking. I kept on doing her, increasing the speed. I also sucked harder on her erect nipples. We continued like this for quite some time until I finally climaxed, exploding cum into her throbbing snatch.

After I pulled out, her wet body collapsed into my arms, shaking all over. She kissed my skin where her lips were, and tried to speak. "You were so good," she finally managed. I kissed her hair and carried her out of the shower.

Drying her off, I noticed cum was still dripping from her vagina. She later told me it was the longest, hardest, best orgasm she'd ever had. 

I told her I aimed to please.