 Author's Note: Never done first person before. Second story I've written for the site. Feedback and comments are appreciated to help me improve. Not sure I like first person, will probably go back to third before the next submission. Let me know what you think. Better or worse than my other? Also, feel free to submit topic requests for other stories.



The first time I saw him was on the bus. I was site seeing Rome the cheapest way I knew how--By using the public bus with the locals. I turned my head and he caught my eye. I knew he'd seen me, because I could feel his eyes burn right through me. I shifted in my seat, feeling the tension of this single glance jolt through my body. I ran my hands along my legs, gently squeezing my thighs as my hands passed over them, in order to semi-distract myself from the gorgeous man who seemed that he would not take his eyes off of me. I moved my hands and pressed them together between my legs as I sat there, trying to refocus on the scenary around me. Old buildings and centuries of history were exactly the things I came to see, but could not seem to pay attention to as this tall creature passed by me and I caught the scent of his cologne.

Soon enough, he exited the bus and I continued on my way, thinking no more of him as I took in the sights of the city. That night, I returned to the hostel which I was staying at for the night and sat in the common area. There were a few different groups at this particular hostel, and some backpackers, like myself, who were alone. I spent some time on the couch, but as the night began to draw to a close and most of the hostel's occupants disappeared to their beds, I got up to change. I gathered my night clothes and went to the common bathroom in the hall. I didn't mind sharing a room with guys, but that didn't mean I was going to change in front of them. I shut the door and pulled my shirt over my head. When the warm air of the summer night hit my bare skin, I felt a rush and pressed my hands against my face, staring at myself in the mirror. I could feel the head in my cheeks and knew I had been alone too long.

Finally, dressed for bed, I stepped out of the bathroom in my slippers, a tank top and a pair of shorts--sleepwear befitting the temperature of the night. As I looked up, I saw the guy from the bus standing at the counter, paying for a night at the hostel. Not sure if he recognized me or not, I attempted to walk right by him. But he both saw and recognized me. Much to my chagrin as I tried to make my way past him, he said, "Buona sera," with a look that told me he knew where he'd seen me. I felt the heat rise in my cheeks once again as I nodded my head and repeated the same greeting. Luckily, he had to finish his transaction and I could hurry away to my room. I had been bouncing around Europe from hostel to hostel. As such, I had become pretty good at sleeping in a twin bed in a room shared with up to six other people of either gender. I pulled back the sheet and slipped myself under it, the warm weather making a blanked unnecessary. I flipped on the personal light next to my bed and pulled out my journal to write what I had accomplished that day. 

A minute or two later, the door opened and I looked up to see my handsome stranger entering the room. The rest of the room was dark and silent, with sleeping figures in each of the beds, save for mine and the one which would be his. I could, however, see him mouth, "Ciao," back lit by the light outside the door. He shut it behind himself and moved across the room to the table set up for us, "The bus," was all he said, I suppose, trying to clue me in to where I'd seen him, but I already knew, so I nodded.

"Why you are not sleeping?" he asked with a heavy accent on his broken English.

I just shrugged, "Can't." I probably could if I tried hard enough, but I couldn't pull my eyes off of him. He was stunning: dark skin, and hair with blue eyes that seemed to burn right through you. His jaw was perfectly cut and the build of his body was just right, not too muscular, but definitely not scrawny.

"You are American, yes?"

I nodded, "What about you, where are you from?" I continued the whisper conversation, not wanting him to stop talking. Something about the accent made him even more attractive.

"Napoli," he responded, sitting down on the chair near the table in the center of the room, resting his elbows against his knees, facing toward me as we spoke. "I am here for a favor to my uncle."

"Your English is very good," was my response, and the minute the words came out of my mouth I instantly regretted them, "I mean, you know what I mean..." But maybe he didn't.

"Thank you, I am always learning more and wanting to be practicing it," he smiled again and I thought my heart might stop. I absently licked between my lips, keeping the eye contact I had with him. "You are here for pleasure?"

The way his voice sounded, the question would've been innocent enough, but being that my mind was already in the gutter just from looking at him, the word pleasure gave me goose bumps and I instantly got nervous, "What?!" My voice got a little louder than it should have and I instantly clapped a hand over my mouth, hoping that I hadn't woken the others. Then it hit me, "Oh, um...vacation? Yeah," now I felt stupid. "I am here to see the city."

"It is beautiful, no?" He asked, standing up and tossing his duffel bag on the bed above mine which apparently would be his.

"It is," I said, watching him pull the shirt he'd been wearing up over his head and rest it with his bag on the bed above me.

Then, without notice, he sat down on my bed, near my feet, "You are also very beautiful." 

The line would've been cheesy coming from a guy in America and I probably would've laughed in his face, but something about that accent made me blush instead, ducking my head in embarrassment. I felt like a silly school girl and then I felt his hand on my leg through the sheet. I looked up and he rested his warm hand against my cheek and before I knew it, he'd leaned in to kiss me. His lips were smooth as silk and sumptuously full. 

Under ANY other circumstances I would've pulled away immediately, but he held my face there and my carnal instincts kicked in as I pressed my lips back against his. What seemed like forever later, but could've only been a few moments, our mouths separated to give us each a gulp of air.

My heart was beating against my chest and I knew he could see it rising and falling quickly as he reached out and with master confidence rested his hand against my side, pushing my tank top up so that he could feel the bare skin there. I sucked my stomach in out of habit, but he was having none of that. 

He scooted closer to me and started to kiss at my neck, "This is good, yes?" he had kissed his way from my neck up to my ear lobe, kissing and sucking at it. 

I tilted my head to give him better access and let out a breathy, "Yes."

I wanted more of his mouth and was trying to get it back to mine, but he had something else in mind. He pulled the sheet back and slid his hand up between my legs straight to my center. I was already all hot and bothered from the short encounter thus far, but feeling his rough hands against the soft skin of my inner thighs brought an instant wetness there. I was worried he would feel it through my shorts and think badly of me, but he didn't seem too concerned if he did notice. He gently squeezed the way I had done to myself earlier when I saw him on the bus and slipped his fingers inside my shorts, pushing aside the edge of my panties until he touched my bare flesh.

Despite my best efforts I let out a breathy moan and scooted closer to him. One of the other beds creaked as someone turned over in their sleep. His eyes met mine and he brought his free hand up to my mouth, running his forefinger over my lips before pressing it against them to tell me to be quiet, "Shhh," he whispered, the hand between my legs moved further and his finger pulled apart my lips to touch my clit.

"Oh God," I swallowed hard and moved close enough so that I could rest my head on his shoulder as he worked his magic. His finger pressed against my clit and moved it from side to side, building up a need for release. I could feel the blood rushing down between my legs, hardening that part of my body. Just then, he dragged his thick finger down to my hole and pushed it inside me. I bit down on his bare shoulder, feeling the rough skin of his hand brush against the tenderness inside me, "Oh Jesus," I started to kiss at his neck, biting him gently every time he rubbed my G-spot to let him know that I liked it.

This was crazy. I never had one night stands, let alone hooked up with a guy who's name I didn't even know, but it was so ridiculously hot. Could we really be doing this, right there? In a room where a bunch of other people were sleeping?? I couldn't have stopped myself if I wanted to. Before I knew what I was doing, I found myself reaching for his jeans and unbuttoning them. I fought with the zipper and reached inside, wanting nothing more than to feel the hardness, I could see building below the material, in my hand. When he saw what I was doing, he helped by getting up and pulling off his jeans.

Happy to see the bulge in his boxers, I kneeled in front of him and reached inside and pulled it out, sighing in relief, or excitement, or I don't know what. It was the biggest dick I'd ever seen and without hesitation I leaned forward and licked the tip. He steadied himself holding onto the side of the bunk bed and then sat down on the edge of my bed once more, "Mamma mia," he muttered when I put my hands around him, rubbing up and down his shaft as I wrapped my lips around the head of his penis and flicked my tongue out against the tiny hole in the tip. He tasted slightly sweet and slightly salty, it was delicious and exactly what I needed. I moved my hands up and down, first slowly and then faster. I wanted so badly to get on top of him and impale myself on the thickness in my hands, but I didn't want it to be over. He tilted my chin up with his hand and leaned down to kiss me. I was shocked. Most guys won't do that when you're giving them head, but he didn't seem to care, and it was sexy. I returned my attention to his manhood and licked from the bottom of his shaft back to the tip.

He seemed to be enjoying himself, I could feel him growing stiffer as I worked. He sucked in a deep breathe and pulled me up, "Aspetta, aspetta," he said quickly in Italian.

"What?" I asked quietly.

"Wait," he translated for me and pointed to the bed.

I sat back down in the spot I had been in before and he pulled my shirt up over my head before I could say yay or nay. He took my left breast in one hand and kissed the other, wrapping his lips around my nipple. I clenched my teeth and felt my way from his shoulders to his muscular arms, so tight and built. 

He let go of my breasts and kissed a trailed down to my navel, dipping his tongue into it for a moment. I sucked my stomach in once more, again, out of habit, and felt him move on. He scooted down between my legs and in one swift motion removed my shorts and panties, tossing them to the floor next to the bed. I was all of a sudden naked in front of this guy I'd barely met just minutes before. He pushed my legs apart and smiled up at me. I knew what was coming, but I couldn't believe this was happening. He ran his thumbs along the sides of my pussy and pulled the lips apart, leaning down to kiss my clit. He wrapped his lips around it and hummed softly, causing a vibrating sensation that made me lift my hips up, trying to get more of him. I felt him move down just a bit more and slid his tongue into my hole. I pushed my fingers into his hair and tugged slightly.

"You are tasting sweet," he said in his accented, broken English. I bit down on my lip, feeling my dark stranger rub his thumb against my clit in circles as he tongue fucked my hole as deep as he could.

"My God," I mumbled, hoping I could keep quiet and no one would wake up and catch us. How embarrassing that would be. I could feel the wetness dripping from my hole, and I knew he could too. He started to move his thumb faster and faster against my clit. I could barely hold it together, my hips bucking off of the bed as he lapped up everything that flowed out of me. He replaced his tongue with two fingers and slid them inside of me, pumping them in and out quickly. "I'm gonna--" was all I could manage. I thought I had more time, but my body started to shake and the cum spilled out of me and into his mouth.

When my body stopped shaking and I had mostly come down off of the high he had me on, I moved so that there was room on the bed once more and pushed him back on it. I pulled his boxers down and tried to sit in his lap. There was no way for me to sit up on him, as the bed above us was too close. I motioned for him to take off his shirt and then laid my body against his. I took his dick in my hand and rubbed it between my pussy lips, enjoying the feeling of the head flicking against my clit every time it reached that point.

He seemed to have had enough of my playing around and with expert ease flipped me over on the creaky bed and placed the head of his hardon at my entrance. I swallowed hard and felt it push past the tight hole. I was no virgin, but nor was I a slut. It'd been months since I had been with anyone and the muscles inside me had tightened up again.

"Ungh," he mumbled, kissing at my neck as he pushed deeper. Finally his hip bones hit against mine and the tip of his dick pressed against the back walls of my pussy. It was the most amazingly complete and tight feeling I'd ever felt. I lifted my hips up to meet his and held him there for a moment, using the muscles inside of me to squeeze around him. I knew he felt it because he took my bottom lip in his mouth and nibbled at it. Moments later he started to thrust in and out of me slowly. This was going to be the hardest part to keep quiet. I found myself wanting to scream out in pleasure as he pounded me against the tiny bed, "Harder," I whispered to him and felt him shove his dick deep inside me.

The bed was getting louder and more creaky as we continued. Afraid that someone would hear, he stopped for a moment and pulled out of me. I was shocked and worried that he was done. Then he grabbed my hand and pulled me off of the bed, "Come now," he said and lead me over to the wall farthest from the beds, between the lockers on the other side of the room. He pushed me back against the wall and lifted my leg up, holding it there with his hand. He took his dick in the other hand and pressed it against my hole once more, thrusting into me and pressing me back against the wall.

"Holy--" was the only word I managed to say before he had his mouth against mine once more. He thrust into me up against the wall over and over again, holding my leg up to keep me spread as wide as possible. I could feel my walls tightening and feel him expanding inside me, "What's your name?" I asked quickly.

He grunted low, "Marco."

"Marco," I said all breathy, still trying to whisper, "Faster Marco, harder." He abridged and reached down between my legs to rub my clit as he did so. "Oh shit," I spit the words out and dragged my finger nails against his back, pulling him closer against me. "Faster, faster," I whispered in his ear, feeling him expand inside me and just when I couldn't take anymore, I felt him explode, cumming deep inside me. My whole body went tense, shaking with release and then finally going limp. He pulled me closer and lifted me up. I wrapped my legs around him and he carried me back to my bed. Setting me down there he crawled into the tiny bed with me and pressed his body against mine.

"This was good, yes?"

"This was good. Yes." I laughed quietly and nodded my head.

"Again?" he asked with a smile.