 I was into my 3rd year of college and had been living with 3 other guys I met while living in the dorm the year before. We were renting a two-story house with 4 single guys so naturally there was a party going on any given day of the week. We were quite popular with the women and had no problem bringing them home for the after-parties. One of my roommates had been dating a foreign exchange student he met at orientation. Students tend to bond quickly with each other in unfamiliar places so they quickly went from hanging out to fucking in his room. 

She was a 5’5 foreign exchange student, shoulder length brown hair with highlights, blue eyes, nice round firm tits and a wicked smile that would melt a man. She knew she was hot and would wear low rider jeans with her tong showing to prove it. The first thing I noticed were her hips in the tight jeans. They were the kind you could grab onto and fuck doggy style for hours. My roommate had been dating her for a couple of months now but also had a bad habit of meeting other women while still in a relationship. She soon found out and didn’t come around for a few weeks but eventually made her way back to the house since we were the only ones she really knew. She would still come over to hang out because they were still “friends”, or, as guys like to call it “back burner girl”. 

It all started one night at a big party my fraternity was hosting. She stopped by the house that night to hang out but everyone had already left. It was a Friday night and he didn’t even bother to tell her about the party. I could leave her high and dry with nothing to do or be a gentleman and invite her along. I chose the latter. 

We arrived at the party and made the rounds of shaking hands and chatting with people we knew. We would have a drink, chat for a little bit then mingle with the other partygoers. A few hours passed and I was getting pretty hammered with the beer and shots. I was standing over a drinking game when someone brushed up against me. I looked over and it was her smiling with a shot of tequila in each hand. It has always been my experience that when the tequila comes out, the night gets interesting. We took the shot, and smiled at each other’s tequila face. She continued looking and smiling at me when I realized there was more to her smile. I’ve seen that smile before and I knew what she wanted. Roommate or no roommate, this girl was hot and I wanted her bad. On our way back to my truck I decided to make my move. I grabbed her hand, pulled her towards me and started to kiss her. She wrapped her arms around me and returned my kiss by putting her tongue deep into my mouth. All I could think about now was fucking this girl on my bed. 

I sped home with her rubbing my hard cock through my jeans the entire way. I had my hand on her thighs squeezing and rubbing them in turn. We finally made it back to the house and headed straight to my room. Once In my room I pinned her against my wall and held her arms above her head. I breathed into her ear and started slowly kissing her neck occasionally nibbling on her ear lobe. I pulled her shirt off in one motion and pushed her onto the bed. I started kissing her neck and worked my way down to her swollen tits. I would nibble on her nipples through her bra to hear her moan her and heave her chest up to meet my mouth. I ran my hand down her stomach until I reached her thighs. I could feel the heat and moisture seeping through her pants. She was soaking wet by this time. By this time the smell of sex was driving me crazy, I had to taste her. I kissed her stomach all the way down, teasing her by going back to her tits when I got to her thong line. I couldn’t resist swirling my tongue around her lick brown areolas. I pulled the rest of her pants off while she made short work of getting her panties off.

I took my thumb and gently rubbed her clit up and down until I my thumb slipped down between her lips. I rubbed my thumb up and down her slit causing them to open up just a blooming flower. I got down on my knees at the edge of the bed, lifted both her legs up and put them over my shoulder. She quickly crossed her legs behind me and pulled my head down straight into waiting pussy. She was dripping wet by this time, I sucked on her inner thigh while she started to rub her swelling clit. I stuck my tongue out and began to lightly lick around her open lips. After a couple of minutes of tracing my tongue around her lips I licked my lips and stuck my tongue on her hole and licked all the way up to her clit. When I reached her clit I had to swallow because I had so much of her juices on my tongue. I took my thumb and started to stroke her clit while pushing back her hood exposing more of her swollen pink clit. I gently licked her clit making small circles around it while I worked my free hand towards her opening pussy. In one motion I sucked her clit into my mouth and slipped my first finger in her. She reached down, grabbed my hair with both hands and pulled me hard into her. I sucked harder on her clit and almost swallowed it when she thrust her hips up into me. I knew she was getting ready to cum because she raised her head up to look down at me but closed her eyes tight and threw her head back into the bed. While I continued to suck on her clit I slipped another finger into her which caused her to start fucking my face. I was finger fucking her pretty fast and could feel the walls of her pussy starting to swell in on my fingers. With a little whimper she started to come. I just stuck my tongue out and tried to lap up all her juices as they flowed out. I swallowed 2 times before she started to slow her bucking hips.  

I slowly pulled my fingers out of her swollen quivering pussy watching her cum run down my fingers into my palm. Stroking my cock with her juices in hand, I rolled her over onto her front, pulled her hips up so that she was in the face down doggy position. Her ass was straight up in the air; her arms were crossed in front of her head. There is nothing more erotic than a woman with her ass up and face down in the bed. I could see that her lips were swollen pink and I could see a glistening drop fall from her throbbing pussy onto my bed sheet. I positioned myself behind her pointing my hard cock towards her opening. She raised her ass while dipping her back down, I knew she was ready and couldn’t take anymore teasing. I grabbed my cock and a drop of precum quickly formed at the tip of my crown. I guided my pulsating head towards her pussy and slowly rubbed my bead of precum up and down her slit mixing our juices together. On the second stroke I positioned myself at her opening and pushed just the tip of my head into her. With just the tip of cock being held in place I grabbed her hips and pulled her back. She gasped as I pushed 8 ½ inches of my cock into her with one motion. She quickly swallowed me up while I savored the feeling of entering a woman who had just cum. I pulled back and could see my shaft glistening with her cum. I started slow at first but then I started fucking her faster and harder. All you could hear was the sound of my balls slapping her wet pussy. Every now and then I would drive deep into and hold her hips tightly in place until she would buck her ass and moan.

It was her turn now; I wanted to watch this beautiful girl ride me. No sooner had I lain down than she was on top of me guiding my cock back into her. My dick was so hard I had no problem sliding all the way into her. She gasped as she leaned back and started to wildly grind on me. It didn’t take her long to cum in this position. All of the sudden she tensed up and started shaking all over. I could feel her cum running down my stomach making a little puddle in my belly button. When she finished she rubbed her juices all over my stomach and told me it was my turn. I had been fighting for some time not to cum and was more than willing. I sat up and pushed her back so that I was now on top of her. It didn’t take long before I could feel my balls start to tingle. Since we didn’t have a condom she told me not to cum in her but on her stomach. I started fucking her really deep until I knew I was going to blow my load. I held my last thrust deep inside her until I felt my balls starting to pump. I pulled out, grabbed my cock and pumped my first shot up to her neck. My second and third shot of semen landed just under her breasts. I stoked my cock until I watched the last of my cum drain onto her stomach. To my amazement she reached down, touched the puddle of cum on her stomach and carefully tasted her fingers. We lay there talking and joking about what her ex would do if he knew we were fucking right above his room.

Although we didn’t last very long, I do have more to this story.

This is the first in a series of true stories I would like to share. Names have been left out to protect the guilty. I’ve read many of the stories already and seem to be a little more heated when I know the words on the page describe an actual act. Hopefully you will too! Comments, suggestions and ideas always welcome. Please email comments to  the link below.