 I was being sent to Thailand to transact a sales deal by the company I worked for. I was told that if I was successful it could lead to a promotion. There was one big problem. My husband was angry with me. He said I was always traveling and never at home. He was right that I was away quite often. He was also pissed that I made more money than him.

We hadn't had sex in months and we had a fight before I left for the airport. It didn't help matters that I was horny as hell lately. I caught my flight and arrived in Thailand. I caught a taxi and arrived to check into my hotel. I went to my room and changed into some comfortable clothes. I needed a drink pretty badly.

I went down to the lounge and sat down at the bar. I motioned for the bartender. I saw that his name tag said 'Panit.' I asked for a glass of wine and I looked over my bartender. Panit seemed to be in his mid twenties with dark hair and he was on the thin side. I also took a look at his crotch. I could swear I saw a large bulge. I'm not sure what got into me.

"When do you get off work?" I asked him.

He looked around to see if anyone was listening.

"Six-Thirty," he told me.

I took out a paper and pen from my bag. I wrote my name and room number on it and then slid it over to him. He quickly looked at it and then pocketed the paper in his pants pocket. I placed a tip onto the bar and then headed to my room. I had no idea if he would show or ignore my advances. I got to my room and took off my clothes. I put on my bathrobe and then waited for the proper time.

Almost on the dot I heard a knock on the door. It was Panit. I opened the door and let him in.

"We aren't supposed to meet with the guests at the hotel," he said to me.

We didn't say barely a word between us. Panit began stripping out of his clothes. My eyes got big when I finally saw his cock. His dick had to be nearly seven inches in length. His member was almost as thick as my wrist. Once he was undressed he walked over to where I sat on the bed. His cock was inches from my face. I reached over and took his dick in my hand.

I brought it to my lips and took him into my mouth. God, this is what I needed. Panit put a hand on the back of my head and he began to fuck my mouth. He was gagging me as his prick slid down into my throat. I guess we both needed this. His balls were slapping my chin. I took my hand and squeezed them. Panit let out this moan.

"I need to fuck you," he practically pleaded with me.

He pulled his dick from my mouth. He reached down and unknotted the belt on my bathrobe. My robe fell to the bed and I was finally exposed to Panit. He pushed me onto my back. He took hold of my legs and folded me back until my thighs were touching my tits. I was panting as I felt his mushroom touch my slit. With one swift motion Panit entered me. 

I let out a scream as I felt his thick cock stretching me. My husband didn't feel this good when we had sex. I wanted Panit to give me the fucking I craved for. He drove his member in as deep as it would go. My pussy began to go into convulsions.

"Do you want it?' He asked me.

I nodded my head. Yes, I needed him fucking me as hard as he could. That is exactly what happened. Our pubic bones touched as Panit slid all seven thick inches into me. I seem to remember pleading with him to not pull out of my pussy. He didn't pull out completely. He left just the tip of his long shaft inside me and then he pushed in the whole way.

Panit had me completely under his control. I would have done anything he wanted of me. I was his whore that evening. Panit did pull out and moved me to the center of the bed. I wrapped my legs around his back and he took me again. Panit lowered his face and bit my already hard nipples. I lost count of all the orgasms he was giving me.

"Are you taking birth control?" He asked. 

When I said 'yes', he almost looked disappointed. It wasn't but a few minutes more. Panit unloaded inside my cunt. It felt like someone turned on a hose inside me. I felt his white batter coating my pussy walls. That's when these intense convulsions started to occur. I held him tight with my pussy muscles and he gave me all of his warm cum. 

Panit seemed to have an endless amount of his seed to give me. I took every drop from him. Minutes passed and Panit got soft and pulled out. His cum was dripping out of my hole. My body was shaking from the fucking I just took. All this didn't last long. Panit quickly got cleaned up and dressed. He asked if I would be available the next evening.

I said yes and he said he would stop by again. There was a quick kiss and then he left. I was all fucked out and Panit was now gone. I showered and cleaned myself up. Tomorrow was the big sales day. I fell asleep and then the alarm seemed to be ringing. I dressed and got my ride to the sales meeting. It couldn't have gone better. I had the sale I had come for.

That night Panit arrived right on time again. We got right to it. He wanted me on all fours. I felt his mushroom rubbing up and down my crack. His thick cock entered me again. This time he took hold of my hair and pulled on it. Panit gave my pussy a good pounding.

"I thought about this all day long," he said.

So had I. Throughout the sales meeting I could still feel some of his cum inside me. I couldn't wait to be taken once more. Panit took me every way he desired. I didn't realize it at first but he pulled out of my pussy and pushed his dick into my ass. I cried out from the pain. He alternated from one hole to the other. After maybe a half an hour Panit had me mount him.

I lowered my pussy as Panit squeezed my tits. He pushed into me as I lowered myself onto his thick rod. I was crying out as I took a good fucking from my Thai lover. I ended up taking another big load of cream from Panit. Once we had calmed down Panit told me this.

'I wish I had been able to impregnate you."

I was sort of shocked when he told me this.

"Maybe when you come back the next time," he said.

I didn't know what to say. Just like the first time we made love, Panit quickly dressed and I saw him to the door. We did manage to exchange e-mail addresses and phone numbers. I didn't think I would be coming back to Thailand anytime soon. The next day I flew home. My managers were happy about how everything went. I got the cold shoulder when I went home to my husband.

He didn't even ask if I had success in Thailand. I knew our marriage didn't have much time left. The first time I was alone in bed by myself I fingered myself. I had Panit in my mind. I could still feel some of his cum deep in me. We have e-mailed each other since I got back home. He wrote to say he wishes he could have seeded my belly. 

I don't know what got into me. I told him I would have his baby if we ever met again. All I can think of these days is leaving my husband and being back in bed with my Thai lover so he can make my belly big from his hot cum.