 Note: This is my first adult story ever. I apologize for my English, as it's my 2nd language. I'm from Italy and have a light accent, and I hope you can kind of picture it while reading my story. Enjoy!

*****

Remember last night? I've waited so long to make a move on you, and it didn't disappoint. Your event turned out to be a success and you invited back to your place for a drink. I usually don't drink, as I get very vulnerable, but I simply couldn't take my eyes off you for the entire night. You looked so beautiful, so stunning, so perfect. Since everyone had already left, I took you on your offer and followed you home. 

You invited me in and poured me a glass of red wine, while I put some music on. We sat down on a white, soft carpet in front of your fireplace and we talked for a while. You were still dressed up in a smoking hot dress, wearing a white pearl necklace, pearl earrings, and high heels. You looked like a Goddess. At one point you had your legs almost completely exposed and I simply couldn't stop from looking at them. I was extremely turned on by the sight of your thin, see-through stockings, and I knew you noticed me looking. But I didn't want to make a move just yet. I simply wanted to grow those arousing feelings and see where they would take me next. I also couldn't hide my excitement and I immediately stood up with an excuse. I walked out of the living room and stepped outside in the patio. I just didn't want you to see what my thoughts had been doing to my body. 

We stayed out talking for a bit. It was nice out, a light breeze, not too cold, and the entire sky was lit with breath-taking stars. It was the perfect night! You lit on some candles and your big patio facing a lake and mountains turned into a truly romantic getaway. Where could I hide next? Nowhere. It was time.

You were standing right there, in front of me, silent, with one hand on the railing and the other sipping wine, waiting for me to do something. I was so nervous, but I then approached you from behind, holding you lightly just to keep you warm enough. I couldn't help but looking at your sexy dress. Who am I kidding; I was looking at your body! I was trying to imagine what was underneath. Yes, I was literally checking you out. I glanced at your cleavage, shaped by perfectly rounds breasts, hidden by a thin black bra. You obviously caught me and instead of pushing me away, you asked me if I liked what I was seeing. I certainly did! That's when I made my first move. 

I placed your glass down, held you in my arms, and looked you straight in the eyes. Within an instance your lips were touching mine. I gently kissed you. I passionately caressed your hair, and we finally kissed intensely. You grabbed my shoulders and pushed your body against mine. I wanted you bad, real bad! And it was finally happening! I turned you around, and you immediately pushed your body back on me. Your butt was touching my pants. I was hard, really hard. My cock was fully erected already. It was ready to come off my boxers and be inside you. While your hands were sensually feeling my butt, squeezing it hard, I started unzipping your dress. You were looking at the lake, and for a minute you were worried someone could see us. However, it didn't take us long not to care. We continued our foreplay right in the open, with the possibility of being caught. That was such a turn on. 

I leaned your head over to your side and started kissing your neck, biting your ear, and licking your shoulder. Holy fuck, you tasted delicious! I wanted you so bad. But not just yet, I wanted to please you first. I placed your hands on the patio railing and spread your legs apart, just like a cop would do. You were mine! At this point you were still fully dressed, but not for long. I completely unzipped your clothing and pull it down to your belly. Your big, beautiful, round breasts were tied in only by a sexy bra that was soon about to come off. I ordered you not to move, that you were held hostage, and to take anything that was coming your way. I dropped my hands down to your legs, touching them from the bottom, all the way up to your butt. I raised your dress until I exposed your sexy black panties. OMG, you looked so sexy, so perfect! I so wanted to fuck you right there and then, but not yet. Your stockings held up by your panties, those electrifying high hills, and the sight of your naked back with just your bra on drove me completely insane. I allowed you to bend forward, pushing your ass out a bit more so that I could do anything I wanted. I got on my knees and I started massaging your inner tights. You were incredibly turned on. I could see your panties getting wet. At that point my desire was to taste your delicious cum, and so I did. I dug my long tongue on top of your black panties and licked your pussy in and out. You tasted so good, and had chills all over your body. Your moan was so load that I'm sure someone not too far heard us. I kept sucking you and licking you like there was no tomorrow. 

It wasn't time yet, and so I stopped you from pulling your panties down on your own. Instead, I grabbed them with my teeth and I slowly pulled them down with my lips - slowly, very slowly. Every inch exposed had a river of cum, flowing down your tights. Your panties were finally all the way down, and you begged me to lick you one more time. And so I did. I licked your hot, wet pussy lips until you came ferociously. You were moaning like a real woman. You looked hot and hungry for sex. I got on my feet, turned you around, and kissed you passionately so that you could taste your own cum as well. My hand aggressively ripped your bra off exposing your huge tits against my body. I pushed you forward and started sucking on them, hard. You had beautiful, puffy, perky nipples that I viciously sucked, licked, and kissed. All this time I was so turned on and very much enjoying pleasuring you that I knew my cock was ready to explode at any moment. 

You reached down, removed my belt, and unzipped my pants. Oh fuck! With both hands you pulled down my pants and revealed my hard, fat, fully erected cock, poorly hidden inside my boxers. You know, I've always loved masturbating with my boxers on. The thin fabric always gave me an amazing, sensational feeling and aroused me immensely. I knew it wouldn't have taken long for you to make me scream. While we kept kissing, your hands reached for my cock. You stroked it hard, and it took me an instant to cum. OMG, I had already come. It was that quick! That's what you did to me. I was so horny and full of desire for you that I couldn't keep it long enough. But I knew there was more than that. 

You immediately got on your knees, pulled down my boxers, and exposed my still hard cock. It was thick, big, fat, juicy, fully pumped with veins, and looked ready to explode. It was completely covered in hot, tasty cum. You squeezed it so hard, and started licking all the juices off. You sucked on it like a well-behaved whore who wanted it hard that night. My erection never stopped, and my lust and desire for you were so endlessly extreme that I had let you squeeze, suck, and lick my cock for a much longer. You aggressively grabbed my balls, my weak spot, and squeezed them so hard that it looked like you wanted them to pop. Fuck, it felt so good! I never wanted you to stop. But I wanted to please you more. I pulled you up and we kissed again. This time, we were both tasting cum, my own cum, at the same time. It was the best French kissing I've ever experienced. And I was so ready to fuck you again. 

I once again placed your hands on the railing and spread your legs apart. At this point the only thing you had on were your stockings and high hills. I bent you over making sure your ass was out and about. Your pussy was still dripping wet. I spread your butt cheeks apart and licked your butt hole while I held you by your inner thighs. That was it; I couldn't handle it anymore! I leaned back up and I fucked your pussy like I was almost raping you, which turned you on even more. I fucked you hard, harder, slow, fast, faster, deeper, and harder. With one hand on the railing and the other on your ass, you were trying to spread your butt cheeks apart so that I could fuck your ass too. I pulled out, and started fucking you in the ass, in and out, faster and faster, deeper, and deeper. I then released my huge load of hot, never-ending cum inside you, while you, with one hand, were squeezing my balls so fucking hard that you wouldn't let go. Holy fuck, that was great! You wanted more, so you quickly got on your knees and sucked on my pumping, cum-covered cock. I felt pleasure and pain at the same time. 

And I'm the romantic guy; I'm the old fashion guy who loves to make love before rough sex and pure, hardcore fucking. I guess foreplay turns me more than anything else. That night it turned me into a naughty man, the wild man that I privately am with my partner. But it wasn't so much private that night; was it? Who knows who walked by and watched us? I hope they enjoyed the show because I know we did. 

And so we walked inside and rushed to your bed where I continued fucking you hard, in every position, all night long, from dark to dawn. 

The next morning we woke up smiling, satisfied, but still hungry for more. You quietly asked me if I wanted to be your bitch, and getting abused, and fucked by you anytime you felt like. I smiled, but remember, what you do to me, I do to you.