 I sat at the window watching the clouds pour sheets of water onto the ground, forming rivers along the low parts of my yard. The voice on the other end of the phone did nothing to help my melancholy mood. The summer rain always depressed me. I didn't know why.  It just seemed to darken my day and make me moody and gray. I realized that he was talking, but I was too busy frowning at the drops rolling down my sliding glass doors to pay attention.

"Are you listening?" he asked, clearly annoyed at my lack of enthusiasm for the subject that he had been rambling on about.

"No. Sorry. You know how I get when it rains." 

My mood was dark and brooding. He should be used to it by now. 

Stacy has known me for twenty years and it seems he only calls me on the rainy days. We met through his former girlfriend one night. I had been out for a night on the town with her and Stacy was the one who drove us around from bar to bar, watching us clean out our wallets on Jose Cuervo and Jell-O shots. He and I were instantly attracted to one another and I always got the tingly knots in my stomach whenever he was around. I once chalked it up to infatuation and vowed to forget it all together, but we had hit it off that night and became friends, even if things between us have been strained with sexual tension, from that night on.

He'd eventually broken up with her and still he called. Mostly on the rainy days, to cheer me up and help me cope with the black cloudiness that would invade my brain when the rain falls. There were times when I wished he was with me, making me forget about the rain; forget about the dark fog that surrounded my mood.

"Why don't I come over there? It sounds like you need someone," he offered; not in the least a stranger to what these days did to me.

I agreed and hung up the phone, waiting for my friend to come and try to cheer me up, though I knew it would be to no avail. This wasn't the first time he'd tried and failed to bring a smile to my face. I fixed coffee in the meantime and sipped at the hot liquid while straightening the house, hoping he wouldn't notice all the things I had failed to clean or fix during the downpour that was lasting for what seemed like weeks. When he pulled into the driveway not twenty minutes later, I stood at the door, hand on the knob, waiting for him to ring the doorbell.

He didn't get the chance to do that. I had opened the door wide for him before he'd even opened the door to his dodge 4x4 all the way.

"Man, look at the frown on your pretty face, Sylvia." 

He grinned as he made his way to the porch.

I took a moment, as I always did, to appreciate the sight of him making his way to me in a wet, plain, yellow tee shirt and the light blue, wet, denim jeans that accentuated every single curvaceous inch of him.

"Jesus, Stacy. It's fifteen steps to my door and you're soaked," I said.

"Well, it's raining cats and dogs. What did you expect?" he chuckled.

"You didn't have to come here." 

I blushed, thanking God silently for his friendship and caring.

"Sure I did."

We stood there for a second or two, feeling each other with our eyes and feasting on the flesh we hadn't ever dared to explore in the twenty years we had been friendly with each other. I showed him in and gave him a towel to dry himself as best he could, but he refused it, taking my hand and pulling me toward the sliding glass doors I had been sulking at not moments before.

"Why are we doing this?" he wondered, his head tilting to the side slightly in question.

"Doing what?" I asked, confused, but not so much, at his question.

"Avoiding each other; do you know that I fantasize about fucking you in the rain?"

The question threw me off guard and I didn't know how to answer. He knew how I plunged into depression when the rains came. Why in the world would he want me in that way?

"It's true. Okay? I said it. Hope you're happy. I'm just getting really tired of you being so bitchy when it's like this. I think it's time you and I stopped avoiding each other and you let me give you a reason to smile when it pours down like this."

Before I had any time to protest, Stacy's lips were on top of my own, tugging on my lower lip and sucking it between his soft, pliant, pink ones. As if on automatic, my hands tangled in his short brown hair and I let him take the lead. What was wrong with me? This was my friend. Oh but it was something I had dreamt about for so long. Kissing him this way, loving him like this...oh god my heart was threatening to explode out of my chest. His hands were tangled in my brunette tresses and he was concentrating every effort on making me forget. He was making me forget everything but him!

He broke from the kiss and tugged lightly at the hem of my shirt, urging me to reveal myself to him.

"Let me see you. You have no idea how long I've waited to see you." 

His urgency only made me hotter but I hesitated. This was my best friend. How much would this change if I agreed?

I battled with myself for a short while. Would our friendship become strained if I gave into his lust, knowing that I felt the same? Would we be a couple? Or would we slide into that plane where we'd be friends with benefits? 

"Oh God! Stacy," I mumbled against his cheek, not wanting to draw away, but wishing that I knew how to gain the strength to move out of his grasp.

"Please? You have no idea, Sylvia. I've fantasized about you for so long! It's been killing me slowly every single night, wondering about you, thinking of you. Jesus, I've stroked myself to a blinding climax most nights wondering what you looked like under here." 

He admitted this while still slowly working my shirt up. 

"Please?"

For what seemed like hours, but was only minutes, I fought an inner battle with myself. I looked over his body, wet with the rain, muscles straining through the shirt he wore, his cock straining against the rough denim of his jeans, his disheveled look making him look just that much sexier. What did I have to lose really? What the hell? I wanted him. He wanted me. Why not?

He took my hand without waiting for an answer and led me out of the sliding glass doors. I had no patio to really speak of and the cold, hard rain battered me instantly.

"Don't think about that," he urged; "just think about my hands on you. Think about what I'm going to do to you that I've only dreamt about for years." 

He slipped his shirt over his head as he said it.

I wish I could say that the rain was distracting me but for the life of me, I couldn't even feel it. All I could feel was the hard chest that was bare to me and the taut nipples that begged for my teeth beneath all the course hair on Stacy's chest. I answered the call without stopping to think twice. 

"Oh God," he breathed as I nipped at his erect nipples and sucked them between my lips. "It's really you." 

Stacy slipped his thumbs into the elastic waistband of my lounge pants and slid them down my legs. I became self conscience all of the sudden and shuddered when he witnessed my shaved pussy, without underwear to obstruct his view.

"God, you're so lovely," he whispered and dived into my mouth like a horny teenager.

My shirt followed and ended up in the wet pile growing near our feet. He mirrored my actions and bit my nipples lightly. That was it. I couldn't take it any longer.

"God! Just fuck me!" I screeched. "Forget all the foreplay. I just need you inside me. Please?"

I begged and pleaded and waited and hoped. We were nude within seconds and he laid on the brick excuse for a patio that I had and crooked his finger at me.

"We'll do slow and easy later. Let's get to the goods right now!"

I gasped and straddled him, turning my attention to the thick, hard, six inch cock that was saluting me.

"Stacy. I just don't..." I started, but he held my hips and promptly interrupted me.

"Don't think about that. Just let me make you feel good, please? I swear you won't ever regret it." 

He begged and the look in his hazel eyes took me. There was no way I could say no.

I slipped his cock along my slippery lips and threw my head back. Damn but he felt so fucking good. He may not have been porn star material, but his cock was so thick and stiff and it was all for me. The thought made me want him all the more.

"Oh God. I love you." I blurted and lowered myself onto his shaft.

He let out a deep rasping breath and grabbed at my ribcage, hoping to help guide me onto his thick shaft. I didn't need help. I'd fantasized about this for years. I stopped once he was buried deep inside me, closing my eyes and letting the cold, wet rain soak my skin.

"You okay?" he asked softly.

"More than..." I responded and started to bounce on top of him.

For once in my life, I didn't care about the rain drumming down on me. I didn't care about the wet and the fog and the dark clouds. I only cared about the full feeling of his hot muscle inside me. As I rode him, he grunted and groaned, murmured and called my name and I had never felt so sexy in my life. I tugged at my brown locks and lifted my hair above my head, feeling sexier than I had in years.

"Do I feel good? Am I making your cock feel good?" I urged, spurred on by his noises.

"Oh God! Baby," was the only response he could muster.

His cock rammed inside me and touched parts of me that I ever knew existed. I wanted this never to end. The feel of his hands caressing my sides, his voice whispering my name as I bounced on him, his hazel eyes pinched shut as I rode him.

"Holy....Oh my God!" he called before flipping me all the sudden.

Before I knew it, I was on my back with my calves wrapped around his head. Stacy was pounding into me like it was his last day on earth. His hard cock was pummeling inside me and I couldn't think of anything else I'd rather be doing right then.

He plunged deep into me, kissing me between grunts and hollers. He squeezed my nipples while he pistoned in and out of me. I screamed his name and he breathed mine, taking my lips after every gasp of breath he pushed out after calling for me.

"Syl-Sylvia"" He started, and by his broken breath, I knew he was near cumming.

"Tell me baby!" I shouted, lost in the feel of his hard cock sawing in and out of me.

"I love you!" He cried before emptying his thick sperm deep into my womb. I didn't mind that he hadn't used protection. I was on the pill. It was fine. Plus, the thought of having his children, ones that looked just like him and had his kindness and sense of giving, was not unappealing to me.

He took my lips again in a fiery kiss and giggled lightly.

How do you feel about the rain now?" He mumbled while tasting my bottom lip.

"What rain?" I chuckled and noticed that the rain had stopped.

Hopefully, I would be able to look forward to a lot more rain in the future.