 The smoky air fills my nose and smells like sweet tobacco and spicy deception. The combination was so good that I took another deep breath before turning my head to the room. 

Music beat slowly with a dragging rhythm that set the calm mood perfectly. Women in short skirts with even shorter morals twirled their daringly short hair between dirty fingers. They speak in shallow whispers, exciting the men around them for a treat as they sip contraband liquor from spotted cups. The men all keep to a straight face to the women but we know how they feel. The desire perspires from their skin so that it coats the air. Thugs, criminals, and prostitutes dwell in the small room with only one door guarded fiercely by a tall man no one wants to mess with.

They are my family. And this speakeasy, my home. I know all of the people in the room by name and don't have the faintest idea why or how I know them. 

I look down at myself and see the tightest and shortest red dress I have ever worn. My legs are covered in fishnet stockings and ice pick heels hugged my feet. I brushed my short brown hair behind my ear, worn shorter than I would normally wear it. I fit in with the other flappers with my dress; I was one of them. 

I rose from my stool at the bar and as I took a few steps, my arm was grabbed and I fell into someone's lap. A girly squeal escaped my lips before I could stop it and my arms wound around the neck of the owner in an instinctive move.

"Cherry, baby. When you gon' let me taste how sweet you are?"

Cherry? Who was Cherry?

The man under me was old enough to be my father as he smiled at me and ran his hands over my waist. Something in his eyes made me feel comfortable and not mind his not-so-secret come on. 

"Now Eddie, you know the rules. I'm an independent woman and its Lady's Choice. You're just too sweet for me and I don't think my teeth can take it."

He laughed a full robust laugh that warmed his face and put a twinkle in his chestnut eyes. In a whispering voice he said, "So who does this lady have her eyes set on?"

As soon as he said it, the guard at the door stepped aside and made my way for another member. The crowd quieted it's already secretive murmur to see who it is. 

The black fedora covered his eyes in shade and his well fit pinstripe suit had the collar up to cover his face, but everyone knew who it was. One girl strolled up in her black skirt, swishing her hips and smiling brighter than the fire burning in the hearth. Ginger strode next to him and curled her body into his.

"Nathaniel, it's been a while since you've come to the Gatsby. Looking for a little companionship?" She ran her brightly painted fingertips over his chest and his smile peered over the upturned collar. "Maybe I am. But you're a little too spicy for me, Ginger." His eyes wandered a bit as he tilted his head and scanned the room. When they rested on me, my heart skipped a beat and arms around Eddie tightened. Nathaniel said, "I'm looking for something a little sweeter." Before patting her cheek and walking over to the bar. 

I felt Eddie's breath on my ear as he said, "Easy, Cherry. You need to play 'hard to get' a little harder. The men pay for the hunt as much as the prize at the end."

I composed myself and smiled at Eddie. "You don't need to worry about me, sugar. You know better than anyone here that I'm the sneakiest prey in the jungle."

He kissed my cheek and said, "Oh, I know. But that man right there is one of the best hunters in the jungle I know. He chooses his prey wisely. Be careful with that one." He patted my bottom companionably and I stood up from his lap. He grabbed his scarf and hat before saying goodbye and leaving through the back door.

Nathaniel took off his hat and rested it on the bar next to a glass of beer. His dark hair was combed just right, letting it curl behind his ears with a few strands falling over his eyes. Those eyes were deep blue pools, hypnotic to stare and wonderment to my own. I was staring at him. He smiled and I cleared my throat before he tipped his head back. The signal for me to come over.

I hesitated for a minute. Nathaniel is desired deeply among all of the flapper girls here at the Gatsby and he never asks for one. He has been a game between us girls who will get him first. It would make everyone jealous if they knew that I've been the winner for a few weeks, but every time we're together it's new, fresh, exciting- and completely secret. And falling in love with him was the most dangerous thing in the world for me to do. 

Nathaniel is dangerous. I don't know much about him but I know he must be dangerous. He carries himself in a cocky manner and has been known to associate himself with the most dangerous and slickest of characters. It's still a mystery how he knew about our elite gathering. 

I put on my best smile and walked my best walk towards him. My desire for him deeply concealed and channeled to work him as we were meant to. My body knew what he could give me and waited patiently. Like the prey of a deadly animal. "Evenin', stranger. Buy me a drink?"

He signaled to the tender and said, "Whatever the lady wants." Without moving my eyes from his I asked for a brandy. "That drink has a strong kick for such a little lady. Sure you can handle that?"

When the bartender came back, instead of savoring every explicit sip, I kicked back the whole glass in one gulp and smiled at him. The liquid warmed my bones and ran through me quickly. "I can handle more than you think, sugar."

He signaled for a refill for me and himself. We sat in silence for a few moments as our drinks were refreshed. The air sizzled between us and our gazes were pulled towards each other. I wanted him with as much desperation as I did the first time we were together. I wanted his rough hands to ravage me and his soft lips to soothe me. I leaned close to him, knowing my perfume would hit his nose and when he would turn his head to look at me, the low dive of my dress put my assets on full display. I let my voice purr into his ear as I said, "So what brings you to the Gatsby tonite? Anything I can help you with tonite?"

He turned his head, just like I wanted, at just the right moment that I anticipated, and it brought our faces to a close embrace. Instead of reeling him in, I felt myself losing and getting reeled to him in return. I felt the breath of his mouth hit my face, cooling the heat of my brandy lips.

"I came here for the music, the drink," he lifted his glass in salute, "And the company." His gaze rolled over me, back to meet my face. "I bet you could help me with all three if you put your mind to it," His fingertips reached out and grazed my cheek, "If you really wanted to."

With my blood pumping his name and my entire being filled with desperation for him, I couldn't deny that I wanted to. "I may be able to meet those standards. Why don't you follow me and we'll keep each other company." I stood up from the bar, meeting Ginger's eyes, seeing the anger boiling in her gaze because now she knows I won. I was going in the back with Nathaniel. My nerves were vibrating through my body when I pushed aside a curtain, showing a dimly lit hallway. The hall led to our "offices". By past memories I know my room is the third door in. 

The door opened easily and shut just as well when we entered the dark room. A small candle in the corner was always lit in my private room, just as the sofa was always whisked and the small table was always dusted to a polish. The walls were papered with tiny rosebuds that matched the roses that always sat on the table next to the record player that was turned on when I stepped in. The smooth jazz filled the small area like a soothing floodgate being opened. Immediately being consumed by sweet notes and musical promises. 

I strolled casually into the room, trying to hide the fact that my body was tense with the anticipation. The table had a decanter with I had filled with a sweet wine, the best I could afford. As I walked to get a glass, the door shut with a small click that was followed by another of the lock to keep prying souls out. 

After the lock as secure, I immediately felt his hands on my shoulder and my body shuddered in relief. His fingertips were rough but warm on my bare flesh. Something cool and deliciously soft trailed over my bare neck and brought a small moan out from deep in my throat. When I felt the coolness cover my face, I knew it was a silk scarf. It was a present from a lonely widower whose wife of thirty-five years died. He confessed to me that he missed being held and so I would lay with him in my arms as he talked about her. I would ask him questions about her as he would trail his fingers up and down my arms and tell me how beautiful she was. As a present, he sent me a glorious silk scarf from India. It smelled of hot nites and exotic passions when I felt it tighten over my eyes. 

His breath was a hot wish in my ear, "I want you to feel. Tonite, I just want you to feel everything you can."

His hands resting on my naked shoulders took a trail over my arms, delicately teasing me until he stopped at my wrists. He held my hands and guided my body until my pelvis pressed blindly against the back on the sofa with my hands resting onto the top. Nathaniel stood at my back, always touching, always tempting. The need and desire I felt for him was pooling in my mouth like a piece of candy just out of reach. 

"Tell me what you feel." he said as he pressed against my back and laid his lips just over the skin on my neck. I bit my lip and held a cry back. "Tell me."

When I finally could find my voice it was weak and breathless. "I feel your mouth."

"Where?"

"On my neck. I can feel your lips pressing onto my skin, so soft and smooth. Your kisses always start like that."

"Can you feel my kisses anywhere else?" His hands stilled on my hips and his mouth pulled away but I could still feel him. 

"My mouth. You taste sweet and you're not delicate anymore. You're rough and forceful, kissing me almost like a punishment."

He took a handful of my hair and pulled my head back hard, clamped his mouth over mine. It happened so quickly I had not time to react but even if I did, I wouldn't have stopped him. His oral assault was so powerful and delectable and his strong hand was still clamped onto my hair; both combined to make my body still and the desire pool between my legs. 

He broke the kiss and I gasped for air, taking in breath after breath of the secret room and our mixed needs. I could smell his emotions, how much he wanted me, and the musty scent of his cologne. 

His mouth didn't stop. He kissed any flesh he could find, tossing my head to whatever angle suited his need. I felt his groin pressing against mine, his erection grinding into my back, making me grin with satisfaction. He broke away for a moment and caught his breath. Movement softly on my back before my dress fell to the floor. I stood holding onto the sofa, in my brassiere, garter-belt and stockings. A cool breeze trailed over my hot flesh, bringing goose bumps in an army over my body. 

"Now what can you feel?"

"I can feel your fingers," a gasp, "your hands," a groan, "your palms." 

His fingers were dancing over the flesh spilling over my brassiere that I wear tight enough to suffocate but to display myself to the best advantage. In a practiced move, he tore the tight expensive fabric away without a second thought and filled his skilled hands with my breasts. His rough palms teased my nipples and he pulled me closer to his body, feeling the line of his entire being cupped against me like a spoonful of sugar.

His name came out of my mouth in a soft whimper as I felt one of those devilish hands graze my stomach before cupping the drenched delicate flesh below. 

"Now..." he growled, "what can you feel?" His repeated request was met with a new answer.

"My core. Each muscle inside is trembling for you, Nathaniel. Please... Touch me."

I felt the delicate twitching of his body behind me and knew my bold request turned him on like a light. I always knew how to treat my men but this one, this one is different. Each time we are together it's something different. It's an arousing experience to discover knew ways to make your love hot with a word, a caress, or even a look into his eyes. 

I thought of the look he gave me at the bar and how much I loved seeing his eyes turn rich and thick with arousal. I thought of them still when his fingers glided into my slit, thick with my churned syrup, hot with the need he churns in me. His fingers opened me up and I reached behind me to undo his pants. I didn't want him to stop. The slightest dip, the hardest press, each touch drove me wild and I didn't want the ride to end. 

I pressed my naked ass to him in a royal offering and his fingers moved reluctantly away but were replaced by his erection. 

One. Hard. Fuck. 

And I screamed. It felt glorious, like a smooth blade that was wrapped in cashmere and sheathed inside of me. It felt like home. It felt like a warm blanket on a rainy day. It felt like heaven. I wanted him inside me forever slamming into me with a tattoo of thrusts. 

He grunted, "Tell me, tell me," into my ear before kissing the back of my neck, place only he knows that can drive me wild. 

"You. I feel you." The building and construction inside, a monument of pleasure about to be demolished in one nard hit. "I feel you, Nathaniel. Only you. I love you."

With that last admission cried from my mouth I knew I've uttered that many times but when I said it this time, I knew it was the first time I meant it. The silk scarf was whipped from my eyes and I turned my face to look at him. He was blinking his eyes fast and his mouth was gaped. I knew he did that right before he came. He was so close, but I wanted to hear it.

"Tell me, Nathaniel."

He managed a smile and said, "I love you. I could never love anyone more." With one last thrust I fell over the back of the sofa and came so hard, so long, so smooth. My life began and ended with tat orgasm. Each muscle in my body exploded and slowly reconstructed itself. His teeth latched onto my back and we came together, fit together like a puzzle solved and rewarded.

Our breaths slowed and out bodies caught the feeling back into them. He held me close and laid us both on the floor- the closest flat surface. 

"You're fading and leaving me once more, but I want you to know I love you. I need you to believe me." Fading? What was he talking about?

"I'm right here, Nathaniel. I'm never leaving you."

He smiled and the smile looked painful. "We will be together again, I promise. But you have to believe me."

He was scaring me. I didn't want him to leave. 

"There is a park behind your house. Your take walks there sometimes. When you wake up, go for a walk and see what comes out of this beautiful day."

I closed my eyes that burned with tears and as I slowly opened them, I was tossed into my bed, weeping and alone. I was taken from this dream so fast and so hard that my chest hurt and I couldn't breathe.

"Go for a walk..."

Almost as if he was in the room, Nathaniel's words swam in my thoughts. Go for a walk? Okay.