 I'm an amateur erotic fiction writer. Please be gentle with me. This was written as a gift for a friend. I hope she enjoys this. It was quite fun to write =)

---------------------------

Victoria Dean was born March 8th, 1978 as Victoria Sanders, making her at the moment of arriving home from work March 8th, 2006 twenty-eight years old, a Pisces, married, and very resentful of having to go to work on her birthday. Corporate attire was almost a sin on a day clearly meant for t-shirts and jeans, which she fully intended on changing into as she walked through the front door of her home.

A voice greeted her from another room, "Hey sweetheart!" It was the voice of her husband, Alex, from their kitchen. 

Victoria was fussing with a strap on her dressy shoes, trying to undo them standing up without having to indignantly squat on the floor. A pair of men's black Oxford dress shoes walked into her field of vision, and she looked up to see Alex standing before her offering a drink. 

"Happy birthday," he said smiling, presenting a glass of white wine.

Victoria, abandoning her struggle with her sling-backs, took the glass and beamed, "Awww honey, thank you." He gave her a gentle smooch and led her by the hand into the kitchen. 

"Come. I made yum-yums," he said with a detectable sense of eagerness about him. Food, wine, and gentle kisses had sufficiently distracted her from her plans of shedding her corporate attire. The horrid skirt and blazer could stay on for a bit longer, she decided.

Victoria and Alex were a young couple, married for four years after two years of dating. They were both college graduates when they met, Alex going on to teach at a cushy, private school in the city, and Veronica selling her soul for a corporate position with a major shoe distributor. "Corporate" and "distribution analyst" sounded so big and important back in college, but the hours were long and the schedules were generally unreasonable and unpredictable. If she had it her way, she'd just stay in bed all day with Alex, stowed away in an endless flurry of blankets and ardor. Her mother had always said sloth was one of the seven deadly sins. Alex always said, "Hey, you're a Pisces."

"Massive espadrills recall," she said, setting her keys and blazer on the counter in their kitchen. "Apparently the soles in over three thousand pairs of shoes just started uncoiling. Ridiculous." 

Alex, his back to her, seasoning some chicken in a pan on the stove, exclaimed, "Three thousand pairs?! What are they going to do with them all?"

Victoria took a long sip of wine from her glass and said, "Recycle the material? We'll think of something. But hey, I got to go in today and yell at those creepy guys from budgeting. They're the ones who picked out that shoddy material."

Alex, dishing the grilled chicken onto a plate, chuckled and said, "Well the day wasn't a total loss, then. You avenged the death of your restful birthday by laying into the ones who destroyed it, and now," he picked up a small piece of diced chicken and brought it to Victoria's mouth, "you've the pleasure of a romantic birthday dinner prepared by yours truly." Victoria took the morsel between her teeth and bit into it slowly, savoring its moist sweetness.

She swallowed. "Mmm, best birthday ever," she said, beaming back at Alex. He clinked his wine glass to hers and placed his hand on the small of her back, pulling her into a tender kiss. 

"Happy birthday, baby." He led her to their dinner table, where considerable effort seemed to have been taken in the presentation of the meal that night. Two places were set, a long-stem rose adorning the plate of the birthday girl. Small, chalice-shaped figures holding tea candles glowed subtly, coaxing a soft gleam off the silverware on large, red napkins, crisply folded. A bucket of ice holding a large, green bottle of white wine rested between the diners and the rest of the meal, placed on the other end of the table. Alex pulled a chair out and seated Victoria. He took their plates, and a moment later, reappeared with generous portions of the meal he had ready.

"Eat whenever you'd like, sweetie," he said, placing the meals in their places. "I'm going to go and get your present." He rounded the corner towards the staircase, but leaned in briefly and said with a wink, "But the only rule is that you can't open it until after dinner." Any delay in presents was acceptable to Victoria, happy to at last have time to enjoy her birthday.

A moment later, a small, rectangular package was set next to her on the dinner table, placed there by a very nude and very exposed Alex, joining her at the table. 

"Alex!? What do you think you're doing?!" Victoria exclaimed, half giggling. A curious expression came across his face. 

"Doing what, babe?" he asked, bringing a fork-full of food to his mouth. It was as if nothing were amiss.

"Alex Dean, you're completely nude," she explained. Trying to act surprised, Alex sat up straight in his chair and began to, quite theatrically, examine his person. 

"Well so I am!" he said with a mouthful of food. He picked up a dinner napkin and placed it neatly over his lap, afterwards returning to his meal as if all were remedied. 

Victoria just stared at him, waiting for the moment where a smile or smothered chuckle would expose his charade, ending his joke and sending him back to their closet for more appropriate dinner attire. No such signal was given, and Victoria endured the entire meal with her nude and uninhibited husband, who insisted on standing and walking around when pouring wine, offering second portions, and clearing dishes. He carried on as if nothing were amiss aside from his wife's puzzled looks. "Dear, I wish you'd stop looking at me that way," he'd say.

When the last plate was cleared, Alex slid the gift closer to Victoria and said, "You can open it now, babe." Victoria had grown accustomed to the nudity, now starting to appreciate the company of a handsome, nude dinner guest. She opened the package. 

"It's...a new pair of pantyhose?" She held before her a box of flesh toned pantyhose, much like the ones her company made, much like the ones she wore at that moment, and every day before that. Corporate attire. 

"I certainly am surprised," she said after a moment, holding the gift dully in her hands.

"Well money seemed thoughtless and jewelry seemed so cliché," he began, walking towards her from his chair. "But pantyhose, I figured, are things you'll need again. In fact," he knelt before her, "You'll need them again in the very near future." Victoria didn't know what to expect. Alex kept looking at her with the same sense of eagerness and mischief that he had had about him all night. 

"Is...is that so?" she asked nervously after a moment.

He smirked, leaving the question to be answered by his lips rather than his voice. His hands ran down her legs and found her shoes. With a smooth movement of the fingers, he undid the straps almost instantly and slid them off. He brought a hosed foot up and began assaulting the inside ankle with a supple flurry of kisses, one hand gently caressing her calf and the other giving the foot a tender massage. Victoria now knew of his intentions, and smiled excitedly as his kisses climbed higher. When he was just below her thigh, he moved both hands beneath her thighs and raised them slightly, pulling her closer to him. He smoothed his hands down, his kisses moving dangerously close to her middle until all that separated Alex from his destination was Victoria's pantyhose.

He ran his teeth along the outside, firmly enough to signal his presence, but gently enough just to tease Victoria and cause her to move against him, wanting to feel more. Victoria started to move to remove her skirt and pantyhose, but a rip of fabric between her legs stopped her. 

"ALEX!!" she exclaimed. "You ripped my pantyhose!"

Alex acknowledged his wife's complaint with a lazy murmur, hardly thinking about the condition of his wife's pantyhose. Victoria likewise forgot about the stockings as her husband's hands caressed gently up and down her thighs, opening her up and bringing his kisses closer. In a single, swift movement, Alex then draped his wife's legs over his shoulders and moved aside her panties with both hands. Victoria groaned a little, feeling very vulnerable to Alex's invasion. His tongue found her lips, gently stroking the outside before giving a teasing flick to her fleshy nub.

Victoria smiled and bit her lower lip, her hips rocking against him as he lapped and nibbled at her. He pressed his face more firmly into her, massaging her soft center with his tongue as she rubbed against his nose, his body becoming tense with excitement. She moaned and sighed, ready to release at any second, his lapping more firm and intense, pressing his face ever more rigidly against her. He could taste her excitement and gradually lessened his intensity until after a final teasing flick of the tongue, he pulled back and met eyes with his lover.

Victoria whimpered, "Why'd you stop, baby?" Without breaking his gaze, he pulled Victoria from her chair and onto his bended knee. He undid the top buttons on her blouse and laid a trail of soft, sucking kisses down her neck to the lacy surface of her brazier. He held her close and gently laid her on her back on the floor of their dining room. Victoria felt his excitement pressing against her as he lay between her legs, kissing her tenderly. Victoria coaxed his lips with her tongue, arms wrapped around his neck and fingers running through his dark, shaggy hair. 

Alex smoothed his hands over her body, undoing the rest of her blouse and ardently kneading at her breasts, moving heavily against her. Ready to lose it at any moment, he at last gathered his wife's legs to his sides and pulled her close. Alex pushed aside her skirt and pantyhose and pressed himself into her, slowly at first, but working into a firm rhythm inside her. Victoria groaned and rocked her hips to the rhythm of his movements, inviting him deeper inside her. Unable to resist, he pressed deeper into her warm fold, hands on her thighs, pulling them up, pushing her knees back. He could feel her orgasm building, he himself ready to lose all inhibition and release himself inside her. She clenched tightly around him, grinding her hips to his, coming gently as he pressed up to her g-spot. He gripped her hips tightly and gave a few final deep, pulsing thrusts before coming deep inside her. 

They listened to each others breathing as it slowed, shared soft kisses and loving looks. They took a few moments to collect themselves, before Alex scooped Victoria up in his arms and carried her to their bedroom. Sleeping on the floor of their dining room would be highly inappropriate. She rested in his arms, inhaling gently to take in his scent. She gazed at him for a moment, until, heavy-lidded, she dozed off in his arms. Alex placed Victoria in their bed and pulled himself up next to her, arms around her, running his fingers through her hair. 

He kissed her softly and said, "Happy birthday," before snuggling into her and falling asleep.