 "I know you've heard it before, but then it wasn't enough.." Adrianne's alarm waves the soft sound of the band Silversun Pickups through the speakers on her night stand. A dream, now fuzzy in her memory, skin on skin, heavy breathing, hair brushed from her cheek, a stirring between her legs, still played in her mind. She rubbed her soft legs together, freshly shaven the night before. Her husband stirred next to her, then threw the covers off of himself, and in turn half of her as well. She hated when he did that; he couldn't be considerate enough to allow her to wake up on her own time. Pulling her aching body to a sitting position, she dressed, and then padded down the hall to wake up her two sons. Both were now in high school and didn't need her for much aside from money, food, and wake up calls.

Her heart ached remembering the days when they would crawl into her lap for a story, a sippy cup of juice in their chubby little hands, and warm cheeks on her arms. Even then her husband of 20 years was disconnected from her, but she had something that she connected with, and didn't notice his absence as strongly as she did now. Staring at her reflection in the mirror, she wasn't disappointed by what she saw looking back at her. She was still attractive, even after all these years of marriage and two children. Her hips and stomach were a little softer than they had been in her teen years. But her breasts were larger and full as was her ass. Her long, dark brown hair, which fell below her shoulder blades, still glistened in the sun, and her green eyes, her favorite part of herself, still shined. Dressed in her black yoga capris and a form fitting white v-neck t shirt that allowed some cleavage to escape the top, finished with a pair of tennis shoes made her look like a mix of "soccer mom" and sexy as hell.

She tried to talk herself out of placing the tiny pill in her hand on her tongue. She had tried for weeks to go without taking one. On the days she did succeed, a wave of sadness spread through her like a cancer. While her bathroom drawer was full of prescription pills, she had vowed to stop using them as a crutch, but in the end, the pill won over. Recalling the high was all it took, an almost reckless feeling mixed with happiness she couldn't get from anything else. The acidic taste spread over the back of her tongue as she took a few swallows of water to get it down. She looked at the clock; thirty minutes from now it will have kicked in and last about 4 to 5 hours.

"Click click" the sound of her Cadillac Escalade unlocking echoed through her garage. She just purchased it four months prior. That afternoon, she spent a few hours thinking about how she put herself on the back burner for so long, making sure everyone else always had everything they wanted. 

Feeling particularly sorry for herself, she drove by the dealership and saw this pearl white Escalade. She had seen it before and dreamed about buying it and her bank account had more than enough money to allow the purchase. When she pulled into the driveway of her large newly built home, her husband was less than pleased. How could she possibly make a purchase without consulting him? After all, she had never made any decision without his opinion outside of taking a piss in her whole married life. Eventually he got over it, mainly because he liked the way the expensive purchase looked in the driveway, and enjoyed the neighbor's comments on how nice it was for him to buy his wife the Escalade. The wives of his buddies were jealous and he looked like a prized catch.

"Can I do the Spicy Chai, hot, almond milk, please?" she smiled at the eccentric looking barista behind the counter of her favorite coffee place. Adrianne had always been fascinated with this woman. Her hair color changed monthly, but currently it was a platinum blonde with pink tips, and hung around her petite shoulders in dreadlocks. Her body was speckled with tattoos, and had a septum piercing, which Adrianne had thought was the dumbest piercing a girl could get on her face until seeing this woman wear it. She made the whole bit look exotic and sexy.

"Sure Addy," she smiled back, "On your account?"

"Please."

Sipping the warm drink, she made her way through the parking lot of the mall. Her sons and husband were planning a camping trip with a group of dads and sons on the football team. She had a list of things her husband needed her to grab at the sporting goods store. 

As usual, she stopped to look through the active wear for women. While she owned most of the yoga pants in the store, she couldn't help but look through to see if they had anything new. Someone caught her attention out of the corner of her eye as she was looking through tops. A soft giggle slipped through full lips of a beautiful woman. Her right arm sleeved with a mixture of tattoos. Soft light brown curls fell over her bare shoulders as she spoke into her phone. She looked very casual in a tank top and jean shorts that were cuffed just above the knee. Standing next to her was a man, her husband Adrianne assumed by the way he seemed to be waiting on her. He had dark brown hair, a sexy mess on his head, and scruffy facial hair. The sleeves of his grey button up shirt were rolled up enough for her to see tattoos on his arms as well, and he filled out the pair of jeans he wore nicely. His blue eyes pierced hers and she instantly flushed realizing he was staring at her. Or had she been staring at him? He smirked at her, and the blood rushed to her cheeks and her chest. His wife ended her call and snapped in his face, saying something to him Adrianne couldn't make out, but whatever it was, it was clear she wasn't pleased with him. The woman turned and glared and Adrianne, then put her left hand forcefully in his. He put his head down and they walked out of the the store into the parking lot. 

Adrianne picked out the things she needed from the sporting goods store and made her way to Victoria's Secret. She needed a few more pair of panties. Jessica, the saleswoman at the front entrance, knew Adrianne well.

"Good morning, Mrs. Caden, can I get a dressing room started for you?" Jessica chirped, her tiny little body bouncing with excitement. She wore black slacks with a crease down the legs, black heels, and a tight black corset with red trim. The suit looked too sophisticated for her silly 'school girl' type personality. But either way, she looked hot! 

"Thanks Jessica, I need new panties." she smiled at the little blonde, who moved into action, bringing Adrianne a few of the newest options. A few boy short panties, thongs, and a blue lacy pair with little bows. She closed the door to the dressing room and pulled her pants and panties off and the new ones on. She turned from side to side, and then turned her ass to the mirror admiring it in each pair. Her mind wandered to the man in the sporting goods store. She didn't know what it was about him, but the thought alone made her insides clench. She hadn't had a reaction to a guy like that since high school. The mixture of the silk of the last pair of panties on her skin and the clenching deep inside her made her unable to help herself. 

She slipped the panties off to keep from getting them messy and pushed two fingers deep inside her pussy, thumbing her clit lightly while leaning back against the mirror. She imagined the man meeting her in the hallway of the mall, pushing her against the wall and kissing her on the mouth. Her legs began to shake as she felt a quick orgasm build inside her, and she held her other hand over her mouth to keep from crying out.

"Mrs. Caden, is everything working out OK for you or do you need some different options?" Jessica called from outside the dressing room door. Adrianne took a deep breath to steady her voice.

"I think these will all be perfect, Jess, thank you!" she called, her voice still shaking a little.

"Perfect!" the bubbly blonde called through the door.

Adrianne decided on all of the options and paid for them. It was already 11am and that meant she was going to have to stop and pick something up for lunch for her husband. There was no way she was going to make it home in time to make something before he came home. 

Now back at home, she and Allister ate lunch in silence as he flipped through the channels on the TV. She used to try to make small talk with him about his day, but eventually gave up when the small talk never seemed to get any deeper, no matter what time of the day it was. Leaving his trash and dishes on the table, he stood and gave her a quick peck on the lips.

"I might be late tonight, but can we plan some sex? I've been needing it." he asked without emotion. She hated when he asked for sex like it was a business deal but she never argued.

"Sure, sounds good," she answered flatly.

The rest of the day consisted of Adrianne cleaning their house. Allister was very picky about the house and even though they could afford a house keeper, he refused. The boys burst through the door at 6:45pm starving and exhausted from football practice. They grabbed a plate of chicken, rice, and veggies, and went their separate ways to their rooms. Adrianne sank into her comfy couch with a glass of wine and plate of food, flipping through channels and landing on the travel channel, her favorite thing to watch when she actually watched TV. She picked through the food on her plate and refilled her glass of wine, starting to feel sleepy. She woke to her husbands voice in her ear and hand on her shoulder.

"Addy, I'm home. Let's go to bed." he said softly.

"What time is it?" she asked, groggy from a deep sleep brought on by three glasses of wine.

"10:30."

"Goodness you're really late. Did you see dinner in the warmer?" she asked.

"Yeah, thanks, I fed it to the dog. I stopped and had dinner with some coworkers." His answer annoyed her. She hated when he fed his dinner to the dog. She spent time making it and keeping it warm for him and he just throws it in the dog bowl.

"You know, we live in a great time where we have cell phones. You could have sent me a text letting me know you were doing dinner elsewhere and I could have put the food away." she said, sitting on the edge of the bed. 

He ignored her comment, pushing his hands under her shirt and bra, massaging her breasts and kissing her neck. She had a difficult time going from annoyed to turned on, and wasn't feeling it at all. Shuffling through scenes in her head from a video she had watched the day before, she tried to find one that made her feel something. A flash of the man's face from the mall slipped into her thoughts, and she imagined his hands on her, his scruff brushing the soft skin on her neck. She leaned into her husband and moaned a little. Feeling his growing hardness pressed against her, she imagined the mystery man looking into her eyes and then softly pushing her down between his legs. 

She slowly raised up from under him on the bed, turning around to face him, sliding to her knees, and undoing her husband's pants and pulling his hardness from the layers of clothing. She slid her soft wet lips down his length and continued to imagine the mystery man, his tattooed arms, strong hands in her hair pulling her mouth harder down on him. Feeling him grow bigger in her mouth, she moaned and heard him growl a bit. He aggressively pulled her to her feet, kissing her hard on the mouth, and then spun her around, pushing her front half over the bed. He pulled her pants down, exposing her to the cool air. Her legs shook as the air mixed with her wetness, giving her goosebumps. The head of his cock pushed inside her quickly and she yelped out louder than she meant to.

"Shhh you'll wake the boys." he admonished.

Squeezing her eyes closed, she tried to replace the voice of her husband with the fantasy of the other man. He was there again, behind her, that smirk on his face turned to deep desire as he thrust into her over and over again. She felt herself tensing, an orgasm so close, and then hands gripping her hips hard as she shook, coming so hard she could hardly stand, then his hot cum exploded inside her. He pulled out and pulled up his pants, disappearing to the bathroom before she could even catch her breath. She stood there alone, ass out, pants still around her ankles gasping for air. 

-PLEASE RETURN THE SLEEPING BAGS AND PICK UP THREE THAT ARE FOR WARMER TEMPS. THESE WILL BE TOO HOT FOR US TO USE.

THX

Al

Adrianne read her husband's note on the counter through sleep blurred eyes, and then poured hot water from her teapot into her cup. Her alarm must have not gone off or she turned it off and went back to sleep. When she looked at the clock on her bedside table to see it glowing 8:12am, she threw her covers back in a rush, and moved quickly down the hall to find both her sons' doors wide open and beds empty. Allister must have woke them and ushered them off to school this morning. Remembering she had appointments before she could exchange the sleeping bags, she carried her tea into the bathroom and started up the shower. 

The back of her thighs were sore from tensing them last night during her orgasm. She smiled to herself thinking about how naughty it had been to fantasize about another man while having sex with her husband. Sure, she had done it before. But never a man that she had seen in real life. She fantasized about men written in books, and ones that were in movies. Even men that were in porn videos she'd watched. She also often imagined her husband was a woman in the rare occasions that he would give her oral. 

Freshly showered and dressed in tight jeans ripped down the leg and a grey v neck t shirt, she was starting to feel more human. Allister had texted her while she was in the shower letting her know they had someone coming to inspect the house one last time for the insurance company. This meant she needed to call and cancel her salon appointment. She pulled on her cute brown heeled booties and tossled her freshly curled hair, grabbing the keys from the bowl on the counter, and headed back to the mall. 

Adrianne knew she probably wouldn't see the mystery man here again, yet she found herself standing in the same spot in the mall, looking across the aisle to where he and his wife had been standing. She felt like an idiot. Was her life so sad that she would find herself in the same place a day later just to see if she would see the same man she had the previous day? A curvy woman with light brown curls picked up a pair of shoes and examined them. Could it be? Adrianne scanned the surrounding area and didn't see the man. When the woman turned around to walk by with her shoes, Adrianne could clearly see it wasn't the same woman. She giggled to herself and then suddenly felt an empty sadness. Instinctually, she reached into the side zipper of her wallet and pulled out a small pill. With a quick sip of water from her water bottle, it slid down her throat with that familiar acidic taste. She had to admit she was proud of herself. She usually thought about taking one first thing in the morning but today her mind was elsewhere. 

"Mr. Caden, Mrs. Caden is here to see you," Allister's secretary spoke assertively into the phone. "He's just finishing up with a meeting Mrs. C. So are you ready for the boys to be gone on their camping trip for the weekend?" she asked, knodding to the sleeping bags. Her red lipstick was smeared over her thin lips, and her well sprayed short hair didn't move an inch as she moved papers around on her desk. 

Camille had worked for the company for years and Adrianne had come to know her well. She had 14 grandkids and loved talking about them. She also seemed to be as unimpressed with Allister's moodiness as Adrianne was and she didn't mind putting him in his place if he got too snappy with her. 

"Honestly, yes. I could use a break from all the testosterone," she said, laughing. Adrianne could feel the happy high setting in and she suddenly felt friendlier and more talkative. Her husband opened the door to his office, shaking hands with a dark haired man in jeans. Her face instantly felt hot, she recognized the mess of dark hair on this man's head. She felt herself getting wet, and her legs felt weak. He turned around to leave, and she felt lightheaded. It wasn't the same man. He was freshly shaven and looked to be maybe 20 at best. What the hell was it with this guy? 

"Are you feeling ok babe," her husband asked with concern? "You look feverish." 

"Yeah...maybe. Maybe just allergies," she stammered."

She dropped the sleeping bags in the corner chair of his office next to the bags he had packed and hauled to work with him, and then sat down in the chair across from his desk. He poured her a glass of water. 

"So we leave town in two hours. The boys are packed and took their bags to school with them. It's too bad you weren't awake to see them off this morning." He seemed disappointed in her for not waking up.

"Yeah sorry about that. I must have been tired! I didn't even hear you get up. I did text them this morning though. I could meet you at the school and see you all off if you'd like." 

"No, the inspector should be at the house between 2 and 4. You need to be there for him to be able to do his inspection." 

"Ok," she looked at her phone for the time. 12:32. "I guess I'll get home and grab some lunch before he shows up then." She stood and gave him a peck on the lips, the same kiss they've been giving one another for years, and left his office, waving at Camille on her way out. 

The microwave beeped letting Adrianne know her tea was hot. She placed it on the bar next to her salad and turned on a podcast on her phone. A woman was talking about a new sex toy for women that had less strength in the vibration but caused more intense orgasms. Listening to the woman's account of several toys she had been trying was making Adrianne restless on the barstool. She checked the time, 1:15. She would have 45 minutes to play with her glass dildo before the inspector came. He would probably be here closer to the latest time anyway. She didn't have to worry about her kids or husband coming home since they were headed out on their trip. 

In her bedroom, she opened both blinds and cracked the windows open slightly to allow the warm air to push through. She didn't feel like watching porn so she set her music to a quiet whisper and opened the drawer of her bedside table removing the pale purple glass toy from its protective case, then pulled her pants down and folded them nicely at the bottom of the bed. 

She lay on top of her white comforter, the cool material on the back of her legs intensified the aching she was feeling between her legs. She rubbed the glass head of the toy over her lacy panties, feeling the wetness slide gently down her ass. He was there in her fantasy when she closed her eyes. He sat in the chair in the corner of her room watching her as she rubbed her hands down the insides of her thighs, then up her hips and over her breasts. He crossed his arms and smirked at her, lifting an eyebrow as if to say, "go on." 

The toy was cold on her lips and tongue as she sucked it into her mouth, getting it nice and wet before pulling her panties to the side and placing it on her swollen lips, then gently pushing past them into her wet pussy. She moaned out loud and pulled her hips up meeting the motion. She pictured him undoing his pants and pulling his hard dick from them, his eyes never leaving hers, stroking himself. Teasing herself, she alternating thrusting the cold toy into her hard until she was about to cum, then she would rub it from her clit, all the way down her ass. She did this until she couldn't stand it anymore, and then rolled over on to her stomach, pushing her ass up into the air and thrusting the toy in and out of her quivering pussy until she felt wetness dripping on to her hand. She pulled one breast out of her shirt and pinched her nipple hard. Her calves tensed and she saw him flit past her window. She came loudly, violently. Her whole body shook and her arm went limp. 
