 He's been entertaining them all

Josie smiled at the others, because they looked so worried. She didn't care how upset they were, just so long as they didn't blab the secret to their husbands, or anyone else.

'Look you three, don't get carried away. Sit and think about it. Look at the positive side before you go ape,' Josie told them.

'What do you mean, the positive side?' Cheryl complained.

'I think she means,' Andrea began.

Cheryl interrupted the young woman, 'I know what she means, I just can't see there's anything positive about it.'

'She means, we got what we wanted,' Andrea quietly added.

'Exactly,' Josie pointed out.

'He got what he wanted you mean,' Cheryl complained, and heaved a sigh.

'Don't be like that. There's no need to be all snotty about it. You were happy enough to let it happen,' Josie said.

'Until I found out he was screwing my neighbours. Is that what you mean by being happy about it?' Cheryl asked.

'Difficult to be positive about that, I agree,' Maxine said.

'You've got to hold onto the good memories in life,' Andrea quietly said.

'Just before the shit hits the fan!' Cheryl stubbornly persisted.

'Alright, it's not ideal, but there's nothing we can do about it,' Josie stated.

'Like cut his balls off, or bury him in the back yard, you mean,' Cheryl meanly smiled.

'Yes, exactly, like doing nothing at all. We're married women, so we don't want a fuss. We don't want to attract attention to this, err, affair, or whatever it is,' Josie said. 

She waved a hand around the room to include them all.

'Maybe you've got a marriage worth saving. I'm not sure if I can be bothered,' Cheryl quietly spoke, and sighed.

'Surely you don't want a young guy sited in a divorce. You'd be kicked out on your ass. You'd get a pittance in the settlement. Has Stan been messing around?' Josie asked.

'No. He's too boring,' Cheryl grimaced.

'Have another drink, and let everyone else say their peace,' Josie suggested.

Cheryl poured a vodka on the rocks, added cola, and plonked her bottom in her favourite easy chair. Maybe she should be more careful, and consider keeping it quiet. She had been prepared to blast the young guy's name all over the neighbourhood. The more she thought about it, it was useless, and out of the question. Her reputation would sink without trace, while his would soar. It was so unfair. Women were sluts, and men were studs.

'I'm not sure. I mean, it's not a good idea for anyone to find out. I really don't want my name mentioned, if Cheryl insists on doing something,' Andrea rambled on.

'I enjoyed it. My husband's away a lot, and when he's home, he plays golf. I might as well be a widow. I'm approaching, well, I need to enjoy myself before it's too late,' Josie explained.

'Why are we talking as though it's all over?' Maxine asked.

The other three went quiet. They hadn't even considered that idea. This was Cheryl's home, and they were there to talk through a stupid problem, something of their own making. It was a luxury home, past its best, though she didn't care and everyone knew it. At forty-one, with a hard working, big earning husband, she figured she deserved the easy life.

'He's playing around with us, all of us,' Josie pointed out.

Josie was a year older than Cheryl, and they had been friends since the first day in college. Cheryl taught her to roll and smoke a joint. Most important of all, she'd learnt to enjoy herself. How to party, sleep with whoever she fancied, get to lectures, and still present an essay on time.

'So? He hasn't asked us all to join him in bed. Can't we just continue as before?' Maxine proposed.

'I, err, don't know, maybe,' Josie said, and smiled.

'You must be joking, surely,' Cheryl asked. 

She looked around at her friends, looking incredulous, considering the wistful expressions on their faces.

'It should be discussed, now it's been brought up,' Andrea proposed.

'I will, err, whatever you three decide,' Maxine said.

This was a big surprise to the others, for she was so quiet and respectable. Even more so than Andrea. They'd figured Andrea had been sweet talked into it by the young guy. 

'So will I,' Josie firmly resolved.

'No surprise there,' Cheryl chortled.

'I guess, if we're voting on it, I'll say yes,' Andrea stated.

Her no nonsense approach sounded almost mundane, as though she were taking a vote at the carnival committee, over whether to include a chilli contest. Her agreement stopped them dead. If she demanded a vote and was outvoted, would she abide by the rules, and go to bed with him? It would mean she was screwing a young man against her wishes, just because everyone else voted to continue. The other three looked at her, wondering. They'd laughed about her complying strictly to the rules before she arrived.

The moment of surprise, and contemplation ended, and the three of them turned their heads toward Cheryl.

'I won't. How can you possibly agree. You're prepared to let him get away with it? He's made fools of us, hasn't he?' Cheryl complained. 

She tried to stand, but failed to push herself out of the easy chair.

'No, I don't think so. He's made us happy, otherwise, we wouldn't have, err, you know, would we,' Josie ambled around the objection.

Cheryl looked far away, thinking about him, and what they had done together. Eventually the marvellous sex overruled her objections.

'All right! I'll give it a go. We'll see how it can work,' she relented.

Another round of drinks were mixed, this time by Josie. She knew her friend would come round to agreeing given a moment or two. After all, it wouldn't be the first time they shared a lover. In college they had sex with a guy all through the weekend. They kept him going until he ached, and pleaded for mercy.

'We've had a few interesting experiences, and our share of men,' Josie boasted.

'Did you have to beg?' Cheryl laughed.

The others looked at Josie expecting an eruption. Instead she poked her tongue out at her friend, and laughed.

'I used to be beautiful, as well you know. You used to tag along for my leavings,' she taunted Cheryl.

'Not any more honey,' Cheryl thoughtfully smiled. 'It's the food and drink,' she wistfully added.

'Cigarettes and drugs,' Josie sighed.

The other two looked on in surprise, wondering whether to be disgusted or not. They settled for admiration.

'We've both had our better days. Be damned if I'll beg this young guy to fuck me, though,' Cheryl spat.

Desperate to change the subject, Andrea asked a question, 'Who taught him that position, you know, with our feet either side of his head?'

Silence pervaded the room, as they contemplated the exquisite sexual position. 

Maxine grinned, while Cheryl and Josie let loose a vulgar guffaw. They looked at each other, and Josie pointed at Cheryl.

'That's one of yours,' Josie chuckled. 'He's big enough without riding him deeper,' she added.

'He's certainly a big boy, but he didn't know how to use it. I had to teach him some techniques,' Cheryl admitted.

Andrea's voice was trembling as she reminisced, 'I remember reluctantly sitting on his penis. He told me to stretch my legs out straight, either side of his face. I wondered at the time if he had a foot fetish. He slowly pushed up, and I slowly sank down the length of his penis. Just as I thought it was all in, there was more, much more, until I thought it would choke me. Damn! Even now it makes me wet just thinking about it.'

The others looked at her, figuring she had little experience, but understood what she meant. It was certainly an interesting move. 

'He reaches parts never reached before,' Cheryl drily spoke.

The others laughed, and started another round of drinks.

'So what else did you teach him, Cheryl,' Maxine commented, rather than asked.

'To suck pussy like a lesbian,' she said, and looked knowingly at Josie.

Josie looked away, not wishing to bring up elicit history with a drunken friend. Especially not in front of neighbours.

'He's good, but not that good,' Maxine opined.

'You've not, err,' Andrea began, then blushed.

'What do you mean, little miss innocent? Have you never experimented in college? I can't believe he hasn't licked you out,' Cheryl snorted.

'No. I didn't have a, err, girlfriend in college,' Andrea confessed.

'So he has licked your slit,' Cheryl smiled.

'Yes,' Andrea flatly stated, sounding peeved. 

Looking around she realised more was called for. She didn't want to say anything, but at least it would remove attention to her gaff over lesbian experiences. 

'He gets me to lay on the bed with a pillow under my hips. I just lay there in utter bliss. I want it to go on forever, but it ends eventually. So very lovely though,' Andrea chirruped.

Damn! She was revealing too much private information. The drinks, and their attitude toward her didn't help. She had the desire to shock them, to prove she wasn't so innocent as they thought.

'You'll learn, my dear. Give him a signal, and he'll bring you back from the brink. That's one of yours, Josie. If I remember right, you like to just lay there with utter bliss plastered across your face,' Cheryl teased.

'He knows what I like. Anyone asked him to bugger them?' Josie asked, needing to shock them away from her friend's suggestions.

'No! I couldn't do that!' the mouse squeaked.

'Some like it,' Maxine said.

'You do?' Cheryl asked, sounding genuinely interested.

'I'm sure he's too big, but I've tried it,' Maxine smirked.

'You artists are a decadent lot. What's it like?' Cheryl asked.

The others took a sudden interest in what the messily dressed woman had to say.

'If I hadn't prepared for it, it would have hurt. As it was, it was uncomfortable. The second time I could relax enough to find it an interesting feeling. A substitute for sex, it wasn't. Some like it. So I guess it's one of those things, don't knock it until you've tried it,' Maxine explained.

'It's not going into my bucket list,' Josie said, and the others nervously laughed.

'He's not going into your bucket? That's an indelicate name for your ass,' Cheryl quipped. 

'Mmm. Might try it sometime,' Andrea added, just to be controversial, and to boost her standing. 

'So you're going from never tried it, to letting him fuck your ass!' Josie lightly accused her friend.

'I might just lay back, and let him make me into his three hole fuck doll. Like you darling,' Cheryl spitefully said.

'You like cock so much, I expect you will,' Josie chided her.

'He's a bit big in the mouth,' Josie offered, in way of changing the subject.

'You'll cope I'm sure. After all Andrea did,' Cheryl pointedly spoke.

'Are you saying I've got a big mouth?' Andrea rounded on her.

'Well, it's true, I admit it. I remember you give deep throat too, sweetie,' Josie said, waving her glass at Cheryl.

'Yum, yum. The men like it, it keeps their interest, and they have better staying power afterwards. I like to have a big hard cock riding me for ages,' Cheryl grinned. 

'What about the taste? It's awful!' the mouse said, as though seeking advice.

'You can spit as you go, if you don't like it. Dribble the nasty taste out the corner of your mouth, leaving your own saliva to lubricate his cock. When he spurts, either quickly swallow, or spit it on his side of the bed,' Josie advised.

'Oh, shit, no. Just get used to the taste. If you deep-throat him, you won't taste it when he shoots his load,' Cheryl told the mouse.

'I don't think I could deep-throat. The thought makes me heave,' Andrea complained.

'Like anything else, you need to practice, that's all,' the artist added to the conversation.

'How can I do that? I've only got him once a week,' the mouse asked, looking interested.

'I can't believe we're talking about that boy like this,' Josie quietly said.

'Use a banana, or order a small sized phallus online,' Maxine helpfully advised.

'What about other things?' Andrea asked.

'What other things?' Cheryl asked, from feeling out of the conversation.

'Well, games. Those sort of things,' the mouse shyly spoke.

'I don't bother with dressing up, unless you include stockings and suspenders. They all like that, though it's more for older men really,' Maxine said.

'You dress up for older men?' Andrea asked, looking surprised.

'No! I was just making an observation,' Maxine laughed.

'Do you mean, tying up sort of games?' Josie asked.

'That sort of thing,' Andrea whispered.

'Do you like bondage?' Maxine asked Josie.

'She's submissive, and gets off being humiliated. If the guy wanted to tie her up she'd let him,' Cheryl teased her friend.

They were quiet for awhile thinking about playing games in the bedroom.

'I exposed myself in the library once,' Andrea admitted.

'Tell us all about it then,' Cheryl ordered.

'I can't, It's too. . . Alright, alright. I've never told anyone before. Anyway, I was working in the evening, in the information section. The air-conditioning broke that morning, and it was very hot. No books in information section, so it wasn't a priority. Alright, I'm getting there,' she nervously spoke.

'I took all my clothes off in the changing room,' she said, with a girly giggle. 'I put on a simple overall, and sat at the desk. It's all I had on! I'd even left my shoes in the changing room,' she said, hoping to impress. 

'No, that's not all! I'd been sitting for at least an hour, reading a book. A group of tourists from Norway came in, all big blond men. I stood up to show them a map of the area. The nylon overall stuck to the plastic chair and all the fastenings popped open. I was standing right in front of them completely naked. They had a good look at me, while I just stood there petrified,' she said with glee.

'What happened?' Maxine enthusiastically asked.

'They complimented me on my body. They asked why I didn't wax, and why I shaved under my arms. I was so used to answering questions, I just answered them, as though they were enquiring about the city. They asked about my sex life, and how many times I did it in a week. Did I masturbate and how often, was asked. One man asked what my favourite position was, then another asked if I ever had sex with more than one partner at a time,' she said, and began to breath heavily.

'They moved in around me, so close I couldn't reach the overall. I wasn't frightened because they were so friendly. They asked if they could touch me, and I nodded. I didn't mean to! Hands were all over me. I felt as though I was going to faint, then realised I was close to an orgasm,' she said.

'They thanked me for the information, and a very useful demonstration of differences between our two countries. Just as suddenly as they appeared, they were gone. I sat down, still naked, and had a little orgasm. It was a good job my boss didn't appear, as I just sat there naked, for ages. I wasn't aware of my nakedness at all,' she giggled. 

Everyone looked at her, trying to picture the mouse naked, while surrounded by a bunch of big Norwegian guys.

'So what's the worst thing that happened to you, Cheryl,' Josie asked.

'Mmm, lots of things. One thing comes to mind. Not sure if it ended up all that bad. A zip broke, just when you don't want it to. I was wearing a skin tight leather one piece. I was thinner then, all bone and sinew. The zip went around from my belly, under me, and up my ass. It was more ornamental than functional. Except when going for a pee, then it was useful. Getting in and out of the damn suit was a struggle. A zip up the back couldn't be reached, so a friend had to unzip me,' she recounted, with a faraway look.

'Anyway, I was dancing my legs off. About to go to the toilet, a Chubby Checker number came on. It was the twist that got me. I was giving it my all. I knew the guys were watching my ass, twisting and gyrating, and it must of been a hell of a sight. The leather began to bite into my crotch, but I was too far gone to stop,' she chuckled, then carried on. 

'A bite to my lips was felt, but I carried on twisting. It was the zip undoing that caught my lips. When I bent over showing off my ass, twisting away like there was no tomorrow, the zip undid a little more. Pushing my feet out to twist, pulled the zip over my crotch, and up the crack in my ass,' she giggled.

'I quickly pulled my legs together, but fell over. I was on my back, with legs open, spread out, showing myself off to the guys. Someone pulled me up. I shouted above the music, for them to take me outside. I needed to get away from those laughing faces, and have a pee.' she chuckled.

'What happened then? I mean, you said it turned out all right in the end,' Andrea breathlessly asked.

'I had a pee. Oh, yea. The guy was behind me steadying me. When I finished he wiped me with a tissue. Then he rammed his cock up me. He'd been turned on by the exposure, and the peeing. Unfortunately he had a couple of friends at the party, and they used me next, while bent over a garden bench. He took me and his friends back to his place, and we spent the whole weekend smoking dope and fucking. So yea, it turned out good in the end,' she laughed.

'What about the other two, his friends?' Andrea asked.

'I've no idea who they were. I'd forgotten about that, until now. I can't remember who's party it was either. Whoever was there had a good look at my pussy and ass,' Cheryl reminisced. 

'I remember you dragging me to some of those parties. Do you remember that film director?' Josie asked

'No? What was he like?' Cheryl frowned.

'He wanted us in one of his films, as extras. Instead we were the unpaid stars. He directed porn films, but didn't explain that until we were dressed as French maids. The booze and drugs kept us going,' Josie laughed.

'I remember now. Didn't he screw us both? Yea, he did. He spanked me for breaking something. I paid for the breakage by screwing him,' Cheryl mused.

'No, it wasn't like that. You were too far out of it to know what was going on. It was just a film prop, but he did spank you. You were supposed to get turned on by his mistreatment of you, and beg him to screw you, to keep your job as a maid,' Josie explained.

'How did he keep coming back for more? There wasn't Viagra in those days,' Cheryl asked.

'It wasn't him, it was the extra's who took turns with you,' Josie told her.

'Good grief, I never knew. How many?' she suddenly asked, looking worried.

'Does it matter now, after all this time?' Josie pointed out.

'Tell me later then,' Cheryl discreetly said. 'What happened to you?' 

'I got screwed by one of the extra's, and after filming went off with him. I didn't know him, but it turned out we were on the same course in college. On Monday it was highly embarrassing, when we met each other in the classroom,' she laughed.

'It's your turn Maxine, what embarrassing episode can you recount.'

'Oh! No! I couldn't. Yes, there are other things, but this one came to mind when you mentioned the maids outfit. Now I can't think of anything else. It was so bad at the time, everything else has gone from my mind,' Maxine chortled a little embarrassed laugh.

'Okay, alright, I'll tell you. It was a week after the wedding. His parents paid for a big white wedding, which I didn't want. Anyway, I thought it had to be repaid in some way. While they were on vacation I visited their house to open it up for them. It was a big old mansion. There were dust sheets on the furniture. Alright, be patient,' she admonished Cheryl. 

'I put on a cheap nylon overall. Something I found in the maid's quarters. Yea, they're that rich! I was removing the dust sheets, getting dirty and happy with the decision to save my own clothes from the mess. A man walked in, taking me by surprise. He assumed I was the maid, preparing for the master's return. I was flustered and couldn't explain who I was. Hoping he would go away I let him think I was the maid,' Cheryl giggled.
