 Chapter Two: Constance

Constance's Boy Toy
10-inch dick
Hard body
Blonde
Blue collar



Constance let herself into her apartment, and locked the door. She made a beeline to the bathroom, and took out a bottle of aspirin from the medicine cabinet. She knocked back two pulls and sighed. Tequila Fridays at Daisy's always gave her a horrendous hangover.

She continued on into the bedroom, and slumped onto the bed. Her room was all white, the lone spot of colour from a vase of red roses. 

Constance rolled onto her stomach, and reached across the bed to her purse, from which she pulled the list of qualities her perfect man would possess. She looked over the list, and let out another sigh. Some no-strings sex was just what she needed.

Because she was anything but lazy, Constance forced herself to stand up, and headed to the bathroom again, this time shedding clothes as she went. She started the shower, and while it warmed up, she walked naked back to her room. From her bedside table, she drew her favorite vibrator. It was small, white, and waterproof, shaped like a sleek bullet, and with fast vibrations.

In the shower, she washed her dark hair with expensive, salon-grade shampoo, and then lathered herself with expensive, spa-grade body wash. She rubbed her hands over her breasts, enjoying the slick feel of them. They were a large C-cup, with big, dark nipples. Men loved her breasts, and she didn't blame them.

She slipped her soapy hand down to her pussy. She never shaved it – only did some light waxing for bikini season. Constance reveled in being a woman, and part of her womanhood, to her, was her thick, dark pubic hair. She ran her fingers through it before spreading her labia, and fingering her clit.

Constance loved masturbating – she did it at least once a day. She had a variety of dildos and vibrators in her bedside table, and liked to interchange them frequently.

Right then and there, she decided to make it a Masturbation Day. She had Masturbation Days every once in a while – she'd stay in all day, watch porn, and masturbate in ever way she could think of. A Masturbation Day almost always led to a one night stand the following night. For all Constance loved her body, and loved pleasuring herself, there was nothing like a good dick-fucking. She liked to keep her affairs, at this point in her life, as just that – affairs. She had a high-powered career, and didn't want to focus any attention on a serious boyfriend.

Thinking about how many times she could cum today, Constance brought the vibrator to her wet pussy, and rubbed up and down the entire length, before settling on her clit. While the vibrator took care of that, Constance slipped two fingers into her cunt, rubbing the walls back and forth, back and forth.

She came – a pleasant orgasm, if not a spectacular one. She knew she had to work her body more to get a truly amazing orgasm.

Constance finished washing up, and stepped out of the shower, feeling her hangover recede, and pleasant anticipation for the rest of her day. She brushed her hair and moisturized her skin, deciding to stay completely naked.

Because she didn't think masturbation or porn were things to be ashamed of, her porn collection was housed next to her regular DVD collection, in the entertainment center in her living room. Bending down to see the titles, Constance browsed through her movies, trying to decide on a good DVD to start with.

She selected her favorite double penetration porno, and popped it into the DVD player. She settled on the floor, with her back to her leather sofa, and spread her legs wide. She didn't turn her vibrator on – this one a long, green rod- just rubbed it slowly against her slit as the screen went back and a fleshy naked woman appeared on the screen.

The woman was riding a thick straight cock, and pumping a second vigorously with her hand, when Constance finally switched on the vibrator and moaned quietly with pleasure. 

As she was slipping it into her pussy, feeling the tension build, the doorbell rang, and a male voice called from the other side of the front door, "Electrician, Ms. Del Costa."

"Damn it!" Constance muttered to herself. She had completely forgotten that the super of her building had promised to send an electrician – at her demand- to look over some faulty wiring in her bedroom.

Constance reluctantly turned off her vibrator, and muted her porno, before running into the bedroom and grabbing a robe.

She answered the door as she secured the belt of her short, silk robe. The electrician looked younger than her, maybe in his early twenties, and about her height, in a pair of battered, snug jeans, and a white t-shirt. He wore a tool belt – a tool belt, for God's sake! - And big, old boots. He was lean, with strong shoulders, and graceful lines of muscle ran down his arms.

After blatantly checking out his body, Constance finally looked him in the face. He had dark eyes, with long eyelashes. To top it all off, he had tousled blonde hair, and two days worth of dark blonde stubble on his angular face.

Constance gulped, and restrained herself from asking, "Do you have a 10 inch dick?" because he possessed every quality on her list, and was model-gorgeous, to boot.

Bingo, she thought to herself, smirking predatorily.

"Ms. del Costa?" Justin Fine felt himself being to sweat under her intense scrutiny.

"I'm sorry, Mr…?"

"Fine. Justin Fine." He resisted the urge to rub his suddenly sweaty palms on his jeans. Constance del Costa was fucking hot, in that tiny robe, with her miles of golden legs and big tits.

"Come on in, Mr. Fine," she gestured him inside, closing and locking the door behind him, "I'll show you to the bedroom." She looked back at him and smiled. "That's where I'm having the trouble."

As they passed the living room, Justin noticed a muted porno playing – a sweating, writhing woman with two porno-big cocks stuffed into her holes – and he saw the discarded vibrator on the floor.

Holy shit. Justin felt his dick get hard, fast, and gulped. She had been masturbating! She interrupted her! Maybe she needed a hand – No. Calm down, Mini Justin, Justin silently admonished his second brain. He knew never to jump to conclusions with women, especially when sex was involved.

"Mr. Fine?" Constance repeated for the third time, while he stared off into space, and the front of his pants tented magnificently.

Justin came to attention. "Uh, sorry. What's the problem?"

"It's this socket here. It sparks when I put anything in it, and it doesn't even work half the time." She bent over to point to the socket, knowing full well that her robe wouldn't cover her ass.

Justin gulped. Right there in front of him was the finest ass he had ever seen – and a hairy, perfect pussy, gleaming wet and just begging to be fucked. Before he could stop himself, he reached forward and squeezed her ass cheeks, spreading them apart and staring at her puckered little asshole.

"Mr. Fine!" Constance murmured, but she didn't move away.

"You should call me Justin, since you want me to fuck you."

Constance laughed, a rich, throaty laugh. "You're right, Justin, I want you to fuck me. And I know you want to." She spread her legs farther apart, and braced herself against the wall.

Breathing raggedly, Justin slid the robe off her shoulders. Pressing against her ass, he reached around to caress her large breasts.

Constance moaned as her nipples puckered under his rough, work-hardened fingers.

"Take off your tool belt, Justin, but keep the rest of your clothes on." She instructed quietly.

Justin quickly took off the belt, then returned eagerly to cup her breasts, their weight heavy, in his palms.

"Take your dick out, and fuck me from behind. No foreplay this time, just fuck me." She whispered, and she could feel her pussy contract and constrict in anticipation.

Not believing his luck, Justin unzipped his jeans, and pulled out his cock. He pumped it a few times, and then set the bulbous head at the entrance to her dripping slit.

"Brace yourself," he murmured as he pushed the head of his dick in, "I'm big."

"How big, Justin? How big is your dick?" Constance panted as inch after impossibly huge inch pushed into her.

"'Bout ten inches." He was breathing heavily, his cock stopped at eight inches in. "Come on, baby, you can take more." He whispered, reaching around and between her legs to stroke her clit.

The extra stimulation relaxed Constance, and Justin was able to slide the rest of his dick in.

"Oh god, that's fucking amazing." Justin groaned. "Your pussy is perfect."

"So pound it, Justin." Constance urged, bucking her hips.

Justin rode her hard, pumping his hot cock in and out of her at a rapid pace, rubbing her clit with single-minded intent. Constance was in ecstasy – he was so big, his thrusts so hard and long – she felt him in every inch of her throbbing cunt. As she clenched him with her vaginal walls, he started pumping even harder, and she felt her orgasm building.

"Justin, harder! Push harder!" She urged him on, bucking uncontrollably now. With a shriek she came, her muscles clenching so tightly around his dick. Her orgasm went on and on, and could barely stand, when finally, Justin said, "I'm coming, do you want me to do it inside you?"

"No, but I can't stand. Pull out for a second." Constance murmured breathlessly, falling to her knees. It nearly killed him, but Justin pulled out and knelt behind her.

"Come in my ass, Justin." Constance turned around and grinned at him.

"Really?" Justin asked, surprised, even as he fit his cock to her tight asshole.

"Wait." She stopped him from entering her with her hand, then ran her fingers in her pussy, covering them with her cream. Justin watched as she rubbed those cum-soaked fingers over and inside her puckered hole.

"Do it now, Justin."

Needing no further convincing, Justin slowly slid into her ass – sweet Jesus, it was so tight – and pumped once, twice, three times before cumming, hard, shuddering, gasping.

"Constance, I…"

"Shhh," She cut him off, "I want to do much more with you. Think you're up to it?" She smiled over her shoulder.

He pulled his dick – still half-mast, by God! – from her ass, and said, stoically, "I'll try to hold up under this terrible burden."

Constance laughed, that sexy, throaty laugh, and led him to the shower.