 I'm the last born son in my family. That meant that 3 others came and went before me. 3 others who apparently had "done it all." 3 others who actually, amusingly, exhausted my parents. It reached a point where, when it was my turn to be raised, my sister was my mom, my brothers were my dads. For the basics of life, of course. My parents handled the discipline in an off-hand, "remember what we did to your brother when he did this" way. I got off easier, and I bounced back before you knew it. 

My siblings taught me everything. How to climb trees, ride my bike, play video games, and when I hit a certain age, how to get myself a woman. My brothers told me stories of glory and conquest, tales of walking into a room with "That" look in their eyes and the girl would melt. My sister lamented over men who swept her off her feet, let her feel like she was the most beautiful woman of them all. Between them, I received what some might call, a well rounded education. 

By 9th grade, I'd had 3 girlfriends. By 11th, I'd had 13. I'd been called a heartbreaker, but truth be told, I'd let each girl think that she was the one breaking up with me, that she was no longer into me. I'd lose interest, (for lack of a better term) and slowly convince the girl that I was boring, too excitable, interested in things she wasn't, and in the end, I came away with a friend who felt slightly guilty for breaking up with ME. I had a system well worked out.

Being the last child also gave me some added privileges. I was the first and last of the children in our family to have a TV and a computer in my room. Which was the cause of a very particular problem.

5:12 p.m. I'm 18 years old, the summer before college. My parents are painting an ex-neighbors house in a different county, and the brother closest to me in age (3 years above me) is spending the night at his girlfriends. I have the house to myself, an internet connection, and hours to waste. I did what most men would do in the same situation. I looked at porn. 

I started slowly, as I usually do, watching some softcore to pique my interest. From there, I would gradually raise the bar and go for more and more hardcore videos. I delay my gratification for as long as possible, hoping for a large payoff in the end. I suppose that delay helped me out a bit. 

I was staring intently at the screen, watching a video with one of my favorite actresses, watching her get pounded from both ends. I didn't hear the car door. I didn't hear the doorbell, or the door open after it. I heard nothing walking up the steps and I heard nothing open my door. All I heard was the moans, the squeaks of the bed onscreen, and my own heartbeat. I reached down, almost unable to take the pressure and-

"What the hell are you watching?"

I spun around so fast that my headphones were ripped from my head. I breathed a sigh of relief. It was Amara, one of my closest friends from school. Nothing to worry about. She was as welcome as I was in my house. No problem.

Except that she just caught me watching porn. SHIT! I felt my heart drop again as I turned to press ALT+F4, clearing my main screen and I spun around again to face her, hoping nothing more was noticed. I swallowed, watching her, waiting for a response. She covered her mouth, holding back a laugh.

"You forgot one..." she choked out. I faced my computer again to find an online order for several sex toys I had been looking at. With a defeated sigh, I clicked the X and shut it down. I didn't even turn around this time to see Amara's expression.

She broke the awkward silence with another laugh. "If you're busy, Shaun, I can always come back." 

"Shut up," I grumbled, adjusting myself as my ever resilient boner continued to salute my chin. 

"No seriously, give me a call," she giggled. "But wash your hands first-"

"What do you want?" I burst out, turning on her. Her smile waned a little bit but she rolled her eyes. 

"Why are you so freaked out?" She asked. "I know you watch porn. I know all of you guys do." 

"Yeah, but..." I floundered for a second. "You didn't REALLY know." 

She gave me a weird look. "What?"

"You've heard us joke about it, but you didn't REALLY know we do it." I looked down. "It was like a secret you hide in plain sight." 

"And I ruined it?" She asked incredulously.

I nodded. "Yeah. What a guy does in his bedroom isn't cool, it isn't manly." I shrugged. "And it's not something his girlfriends should know about."

She raised an eyebrow. "Girlfriends?"

"You know what I mean. Dammit, Amara, now every time I watch something, I'm gonna think of you." I regretted the words as soon as they came out of my mouth.

Both eyebrows shot up this time, and she smiled wider in glee. "Really? What are you gonna think about?" She waggled the upraised brows suggestively. 

"Nothing, you know what I meant by that." I frustratedly told her. 

"Nope I don't." She said playfully. "What are you gonna think about me when you're watching some random chicks getting fucked?"

"I'm not, I was just kidding."

She pouted suddenly. "What is that supposed to mean?" Her wicked glimmer in her eyes told me otherwise, but I was done. I shook my head and leaned back in my chair. 

But she wasn't done yet. She took two steps toward me, stood over my knees, almost straddling and leaned on my armrests, leaning close to my face. I could see her cleavage from her shirt, and her full lips as they seemed to caress every word that she spoke.

"No. I want you to answer me. What do you mean?" She didn't move, just sat there, leaning over me.

I cleared my throat. "Do you really want to know what I think of you?" She smiled a bit and nodded silently. I looked into her eyes and cleared my throat again. "There are some days that I want to do to you what those guys were doing to her in that video. I've wanted to fake a call to excuse you from a class, tie you up in my van and live out every single fucking fantasy I've ever had. And I've spent a lot of nights in that bed there with such a raging hard-on, forcing my hands to sit still because it's wrong to jack off to your friends. And most of all, I've wanted you to feel the same fucking thing, so that maybe once, this wouldn't be wrong."

Throughout my outpouring, Amara slowly backed up, the joy on her face changing to astonishment, then to another unreadable expression. 

"So if you want to be disgusted, or want to leave, fine, go, but you asked for what I think about, and that's it..." I stared at her, terrified that she might laugh, or cry, or show disgust toward my feelings. I waited for awhile as she stared at me.

With a shake of her head, Amara took that step back toward me and bent over, her lips finding mine, her tongue running circles around my own. My hands gripped the arms of my chair in surprise, but she grabbed them and wrapped them around her back before gripping my hair behind my head. In a daze, I fell deep into the kiss, not realizing who or what happening. I regained my sense a few seconds after she broke the kiss. Only then did I see her looking at me, regarding me while shaking her head no. Only then did I realize I was actually being straddled. 

"Fuck you, Shaun." She said. My mouth dropped open in surprise (though I can't promise it wasn't open before.) "Fuck you. You say you've thought all of that shit, and there you go, fucking around with all of those other sluts." She punched my chest lightly. "Are you lying to me?"

"NO!" I said with much more force that I had intended. "I'm not lying" I added lamely. "I just never thought that I could. I can get all those girls, but you can see right through me. Right through all that shit I say to them." I paused. "That's why I wanted to...do those things."

Her eyes seemed to mist over, and I thought she was going to cry, but instead she reached down and grabbed the hem to her shirt, pulling it over her head. She grabbed the back of my head again, pulling my chin up, exposing my neck.

Amara trailed kisses up those tender spots all the way up my neck and shoulder to my ear where she whispered, sending shudders of arousal straight to my pants. "So am I just a conquest then?"

I copied her gesture, grabbing her hair, kissing her shoulders and neck, and then I licked her earlobe. "A conquest, but never 'just.'"

She sighed and pressed her body into mine. I found my lips meeting hers again as her hands fell away from my hair. My eyes closed, I didn't see what she was doing until she shifted and her bra was flung away. I caught myself staring, but I didn't care as she leaned away from me to note my expression. They were beautiful; the perfect size between a B and a C cup, and her perky breasts seemed to swell before my eyes. 

Amara sat for a second before she slid off my lap and sat back on her heels on the floor. She didn't say a word, but reached for my pants button. I grabbed to help her, but she slapped my hands away and gave me a look that clearly said "Let me do it." Within seconds she had me unbuttoned and unzipped and I raised myself a bit to let her pull my jeans down far enough. Amara stopped for a second herself to stare at what the opening in my boxers was showing her. She grabbed at my waistline and pulled them down, letting my cock finally spring free. She held it for a moment, sliding her hand up and down softly, barely touching before caressing the head with her thumb, wetting it with pre-cum and sliding it around the mushroom tip. I sighed softly and let my head fall back. I felt, without seeing her stroke me a few more times, her gripping growing tighter before I felt enveloped. I looked down to see her mouth enclosed halfway down my penis, and sucking as she brought her head back. I almost gasped, but held my breath as she started sucking me harder, bobbing her head. I jerked a bit when she touched my balls, squeezing and caressing them gently with her hand, but relaxed (as much as I could) after a few moments and let her do what she wanted.

However, when I'd soon had enough, I pulled myself from her mouth and grabbed her chin, pulling her back up to me for another deep kiss. My hands slid up her sides, feeling her soft skin before reaching her glorious tits. My left hand reached around, pulling her closer to my body, my right palmed her breast before squeezing and pulling at her nipple. She moaned in my mouth, and it was no longer necessary to hold her against me. She was soon moving against me, slowly gyrating, my thigh in between hers, her hand on my member. 

I broke our lip-lock just long enough to murmur "Do you realize that you're topless and I'm bottom-less?" She laughed and grabbed the hem of my shirt, pulling it up and off of me, leaving me completely naked. I, in turn, grabbed her button on her jeans and followed her pants and silky panties down to the floor where I knelt. I quickly pushed her back so that she'd fall on my bed and spread her legs with my hands. 

"Oh, Shaun, you don't have to-UH!" she moaned as my tongue hit her swollen clitoris. I swirled around it, one finger moving around her lips. Then I switched places, my thumb on her clit, my tongue pushing into her. Amara made little whimpering sounds that drove me insane as she gripped with one hand, and the back of my head with another. Her hips began to buck under my face, and I licked faster, rubbed faster. Her whimpers became moans, and soon she pulled me closer and her hips left my bed as her back arched in pleasure. When she finally dropped again, she pulled me up by my hair to her face and she laughed at the wetness around my lips. 

"Sorry," she giggled, wiping it away with her hand, "but that was incredible. I couldn't help myself." 

I shook my head. "No problem..." Then I suddenly stood, leaving her on the bed.

"What-?" she looked confused, and watched as I pulled a condom from a bag under my bed. She rolled her eyes and reached for it, throwing it back to the floor and grabbing my hand. As she pulled me down on top of her again, she said, "Don't worry. I'm on the pill," and positioned me at her vagina, looking at me expectantly. 

I grinned and kissed her gently, then grunted quietly as I entered her, inch by inch. She gasped each time I pushed a little more, until she was biting her lip and staring at me. 

"How much further?" She asked, breathing hard already. 

"Not much," I reassured her and resumed. Finally, when I was buried to the hilt, she released a sigh. She looked at me with hardened eyes. 

"Fuck me, Shaun." She said quietly. "God please, fuck me." And I was happy to oblige. I pulled out almost all the way, and her eyes widened, almost frightened that I was just going to leave her like that, but I stopped, reversed direction. She closed her eyes in relief and in pleasure and I let my body take over. Soon, I was fucking her hard and fast, moaning as much as she was, groaning as she tightened around me and released with every pump. I got up suddenly, and she looked at me, confused until I grabbed her knees and pulled her to the edge of the bed and I stood there, looking at her until she grabbed me again and guided me back into her. 

Now, standing I renewed my thrusts, one hand gripping her thigh, the other massaging and squeezing her nipple. Her breath was coming out in gasps now, and she licked her hand and reached down to stimulate her clit. 

"More," she choked out when she could. "HARDER!" Her legs were wrapping slowly around me as she built to a climax and her hand worked more vigorously at her clit. Finally, her legs tightened around my waist, and her mouth opened in a wordless scream of joy. She rode out the orgasm loudly and passionately, her hips rising to meet mine, her hands pulling me down so she could grip my hair, and soon enough, the tightening in her vagina was almost too much for me.

"Amara," I said softly, straining, and she looked at me as the waves of pleasure subsided. "I'm going to-" I didn't finish my sentence before she extracted me from her and situated herself until she was sitting on the bed, my cock in front of her face. She began rubbing it, licking her juices off of it, and massaging my balls. "No," I said, assuming she thought I wanted a blowjob. "I'm going to cum!" I held it back with all of my strength, though that strength was quickly giving out. 

She looked at me with "fuck me" eyes I didn't know she possessed, and said in a throaty voice, "I thought this is what they did in the porno's," and continued to rub, this time with my ready to explode cock pointed at her face. The moment she said that, though, I lost control and thick, ropy streams of cum burst from me onto Amara's waiting face, tongue and chest. She waited a moment, until the strongest of pumps was over and then pulled my cock into her mouth to suck the rest of it from my emptying balls. 

When it was all done, I collapsed. I aimed for the bed, but I ended up on the floor leaning against it. I was breathing hard, tired, spent. She slid down, sitting next to me, looking as tired and spent, but as satisfied as I felt. As I looked at her, my cum still slowly dripping from her face onto her tits, I swallowed and asked, "So, do you want to go out sometime?"

Amara laughed and hit my arm. "Sure, but you're gonna have to find me a towel first." She looked at the computer. "Unless you want to show me what you've learned from watching that stuff?" She raised an eyebrow and looked down at my steadily growing member.