 Thanks again for the feedback. Please send comments to either the email address or post it here. I like to read what people have to say about the stories. 

They didn’t sleep together last night. Jack wasn’t sure why, as their fun in the tub certainly was intimate and sharing the bed could have been considered a step down from the eroticism of the night before. But Jack respected her wishes and they went back to their own rooms. 

In the morning Jack made dinner reservations for two at 7:00 that evening at Mario’s – a very upscale Italian restaurant he always wanted to visit, but not alone. He took a long shower, shaved carefully, and dried himself with the fluffy hotel towel. He looked at himself in the mirror and actually examined his body. It’s been years since he really cared about his looks. Sure he worked out, groomed, and dressed for success, but ever since the divorce he really hadn’t cared. Today he cared. With every hair in place and his tie straightened, he grabbed his briefcase and headed to the elevator for another day of training clients.

Marnie too felt a new sense of pride in her life. She always knew she had a good body (and knew how to use it whenever she felt the itch), but felt she was just going through the motions of working out, eating right, putting on make-up, dressing nice, and smiling throughout her day. Today was different. She looked at her naked body in the mirror, touched a finger to her pubic mound and lingered in the memory of the tub the night before. She couldn’t remember anyone bringing her to that level of ecstasy before, certainly not a stranger! 

She’d been on dates will all kinds of men, many of whom ended up in her bed. Some were kind, some were gentle, some were rough, some were just plain assholes but when the need strikes any cock will do. “Have I become that low?” she thought. “Am I that much of a whore that I would sleep with anyone?” And what of last night? Letting Jack talk her into taking her suit off in the tub!? Letting him finger her pussy and make her cum right out in the open!?

She laughed silently. She was a willing participant all the way through and enjoyed every minute of it. “No,” she thought, “I’m not a whore. I’m an attractive, sexually active woman.” She smiled at herself in the mirror and thought about dinner later that night with Jack. “Who is he anyway? Mario’s! I’d better dress nicely.” And with that she finished dressing and headed to work.

Her co-workers noticed something different about Marnie that day. “Girl, why you smilin’ that way? You get some last night?” Jasmine teased. Sally blushed and grinned sheepishly at Marnie, “You do seem happier today.” 

“Well, I did meet someone at the hotel, but we didn’t sleep together if you must know.” Marnie shared. She didn’t want to give away all her secrets. The girls whooped and gave each other high-fives. “Details, girl, tell all,” Jasmine demanded. 

“His name is Jack and he’s in town on business too. He’s a trainer for a big company. He’s real sweet. We’re going to dinner tonight,“ Marnie explained to the eager audience.

“Probably got a wife and six kids at home, too.” Cueball Todd contributed. “Can’t wait to get away and boink someone else on the road.”

The girls rolled their eyes. Jasmine flipped Todd two birds behind his back and Sally stifled a giggle. “He’s divorced, Cueball,” Marnie shot back.

“Yeah, that’s what they all say, just to get you in the sack for a night. He’ll leave you a phony number and promise to call you. You watch yourself Marn.” Cueball’s thick New York accent was always a cause for laughter in the office, but this time the girls fell silent.

The silence hovered like a cloud of pollen. Sally quietly spoke first, “You know Marnie, Todd could be right. Strange city, a guy you don’t know. I don’t want you to get hurt…” The word “again” was heard by everyone in the room but no one dared utter it. 

Marnie gave Jasmine a playful punch on the shoulder. “Hey, it’s just dinner at Mario’s,” she bragged. 

“Mario’s!” the two girls squealed. “Well at least we know he’s got money,” Jasmine added. 

“And a case of the hornies,” Cueball muttered as he walked away shaking his head.

Seeing 4:45 on the clock in the training room annoyed Jack. By 5:15 Jack was perturbed that the training session hadn’t broken yet. By 6:15 he was visibly pissed and at 6:30 everyone in the room knew he was upset. “Let’s wrap it up folks, we still have all day tomorrow,” he spat out through his tight jaw. 

“But we’re almost done,” the fat one said. “Just show us this formula again.”

Jack nearly pounced on Sid, the fat accountant with the marinara stain on his shirt. “Look, I have an appointment tonight. We’ll do it tomorrow, first thing. I can change my flight if we need to stay late. Let it go for now, everyone is tired.” 

The rest of class nodded in agreement with Jack. “Come on Sid. I want to call my kids before soccer,” Bill the AP clerk chimed in. “Fine, let’s stop here,” Sid grumbled as he slammed the lid of his laptop.

Jack quickly gathered up his stuff and ran out to the street. He stuck his arm out and flagged down a cab. “Mario’s, please.” The driver perked up his ears. “Maah-ree-o’s, eh? Oh Kay!” Suddenly the driver knew he’d be able to take his wife to dinner this weekend. Mario’s customers were good tippers.

The taxi pulled up to the large glass doors of Mario's on 12th. The driver bounded from the front and darted to the curb where he opened the door for Jack. “Heeere you go, sir. Maah-ree-os.” Jack hopped out and handed the driver a twenty for the four dollar fare. “Keep the change.” The driver bowed graciously and got back in his cab to drive off happy.

A short man with a pencil moustache nodded his head at Jack and held the heavy door open for him. Jack walked inside and looked around. No sign of Marnie. The pinstriped maitre d’ inquired as to the name of the new arrival. “Barton, Jack Barton, party of two, but I’m one short right now.” Signor PeenStripes (as Jack surmised his name to be) understood and suggested he might like a glass of Chianti in the bar while he waited for his guest. So Jack waited in the bar, sipping a Chianti.

Fifteen minutes later he saw Marnie emerge from a cab outside the big glass doors of Mario’s. His mouth fell open as he saw her in a stunning red dress and matching heels. She paid the cabbie and Mr. Moustache opened the door for her. “Marnie, over here,” Jack called. The very proper Signor PeenStripes made a quick smirk before regaining his composure.

Marnie waved and walked into the bar. “Hi Jack, please forgive me for being late. My office had a last minute meeting that wouldn’t break. I finally had to tell them to let me leave or fire me.”

Jack laughed. “My story exactly. This big fat accountant wanted to go over the same thing for the third time at 6:45 and I finally told him no. At least the rest of the class was sympathetic. I thought for sure I’d be late and you’d think I stood you up!”

“What are you drinking?”

“Chianti. It’s actually very good, care for a glass?”

“Let’s get a bottle – rough day today.” Marnie bit her lip after saying that. What would he think now? “That is, if you want one. I’m fine really. Just a glass would be OK.”

“I was hoping you’d suggest a bottle. Let’s find our table.”

They walked back to Signor PeenStripes who sashayed ahead of them into the dining room. Mario’s was every bit as spectacular as the guidebooks reported. Crystal chandeliers, leather seating, silver candlesticks on every table, waiters standing by in every corner – it was the definition of elegance.

Marnie was helped into her seat first, a red linen napkin placed on her lap. Jack sat next, the napkin placed on his lap as well. “That napkin matches your dress perfectly,” Jack noticed.

“We should take them with us!” Marnie chuckled as she waved hers in the air.

A moment later waiters and busboys bearing gifts of all kinds descended upon the happy couple. Breadsticks, water, three kinds of butter, olive oil and fresh plates appeared instantly. The horde retreated to reveal a tall man in a long coat. “Bongiorno, I am Antonio, the wine steward. May I recommend a bottle of our house Chianti this evening?”

Jack looked at Marnie. She looked back, her eyes saying, “It’s up to you.” 

“Si, signori, Chianti a due!” Jack recited in his best Italian accent, clapping his hands twice with a flourish. Antonio bowed and disappeared.

“You speak Italian?” Marnie asked.

“Not really, but it sounds impressive, si signorina Marnie?”

“They’re probably laughing at you in the kitchen.”

“Most likely, but as a trainer I’m used to being laughed at. So, Marnie, other than last night, I know nothing about you. You said you were here on business?”

“Yes, I um…look, about last night, I um want to..”

Jack interrupted her mid-sentence. “Marnie, last night was great fun, kind of an unusual way to meet someone new, but here we are in an elegant restaurant. Tonight will be our first date.” He bowed his head and spread his hands.

Marnie stared for a moment and felt a lump in her throat. She swallowed. Softly she spoke, “Thanks Jack.

“Yes. I’m here on business,” she continued with a new confidence in her voice. “My company sells dental equipment and we’re here for a regional dentist conference. Kind of boring actually, but it pays well and I get to travel.”

Jack considered this for a moment. “Dental equipment? You’re right sounds boring! But can’t be as boring as training ignoramuses how to use an accounting software package.”

“Oh yeah? Ever sit through a three hour lecture on different techniques for filling molars?”

“That’s nothing – how about hearing ‘Which one is the File menu again?’ eighteen times during a day!”

They laughed together, relaxing for the first time that day. Antonio arrived with the Chianti, which was very smooth and delicious, and rather strong Jack noticed. They chatted some more, drank more wine, ordered dinner (he had the Veal Marsala, she had the Rack of Lamb), laughed some more, and drank more all through the evening. Antonio brought a second bottle and Jack learned that Marnie and he both graduated from State, two years apart. Marnie learned that Jack liked to water ski and rock climb, two sports she was fond of as well. Jack wasn’t enthusiastic about mountain bikes, recalling a rather painful encounter with the bar one summer camp and Marnie shuddered at thought of jumping out of an airplane.

It was a beautiful first date in a beautiful restaurant with a beautiful woman, Jack thought contentedly. They laughed, shared stories, and became acquainted. As they finished their shared tiramisu and sipped the last of their cappuccinos, Jack’s thoughts wandered elsewhere, remembering the exotic experience the night before. He looked at Marnie who was licking her spoon clean in a most erotic way. She looked directly at him as her tongue swirled over the silver spoon. Her eyes smiled at him and his smiled back. He took the hint and raised his hand for the check. $220 later they were in the back of a taxi, headed back to the hotel.

Marnie snuggled close to Jack in the back seat. “Thank you, you made me feel special tonight,” she whispered. 

Jack smiled at her, kissed her forehead and replied, “You are special, and it was a great evening for me too.”

She leaned her neck up higher and kissed him on his lips. He joined in. They kissed passionately, maturely, like two experienced lovers who have been apart for years. Tongues swirled and lips were nibbled, hands roamed freely over each other’s bodies. The driver rolled his eyes and thought he’d have to clean the cab again tonight as he pulled up to the hotel.

They stumbled from the cab into the lobby, laughing like old friends and waved at Jenna the night desk clerk. When they got to elevator the laughter stopped and they looked at each other. “Would you…like to come to … my room for a bit?” Jack tossed out. “I don’t think Jenna wants us to put on a show down here,” Marnie answered. 

The elevator took them to 5 and they walked quietly to Jack’s room. Once inside they started kissing passionately again. Their hands roamed to places they couldn’t reach in the cab. Jack glided his hands over her breasts and down over her ass. Marnie gripped his head in both hands and then let her arms fall to his back. 

Jack found the zipper of her dress and started to slide it down. He ran his hands over her bare back and deftly unclasped her red silk bra. She eased her shoulders back to let the dress slip off and let it rest around her ankles. Jack peeled her bra off and dropped it to the floor. 

Marnie pushed him back a bit and started to push his suit jacket off. Jack helped and tossed it to the couch. She pulled at his tie and loosened it enough to slip over his head. She unbuttoned his shirt and ran her hands over his chest, sliding her hands against his arms as she pushed it off and tossed it with the jacket. Her hands dropped to his belt and quickly pulled it open. She unbuttoned the top and pulled the zipper down. Jack wiggled his ass and his pants fell to the floor.

Jack laughed. “If we move right now we’ll fall down!” Marnie giggled and shuffled her feet with the dress still hanging around her ankles. “Let’s fall on to the bed then.” The couple shuffled carefully to the bed and fell side by side into it. They kicked off their shoes and socks and set their hands back exploring. Jack held each of Marnie’s breasts and rubbed his thumbs over her nipples. She obviously enjoyed this, Jack noticed, as her nipples hardened under his touch.

Marnie’s hands roamed over Jack’s chest tweaking his little nipples, which caused Jack’s legs to twitch, and his body to shudder. She let one hand roam down to his boxers where she found his beautiful cock from last night rising to meet her. She reached in the opening and toyed with it, enjoying the feeling of it firming under her touch. 

Jack let his mouth hang open as his chest and cock were being rubbed. He slowed his exploration of her breasts and tried to slide his hands lower on her body, but every one of her twitches against his nipple caused an involuntary spasm. He was in heaven. 

He lingered a few moments more then pushed Marnie on her back and sat up next to her. He slipped his fingers into her red panties and pulled them down and off her feet. He grabbed both ankles and spread them on the bed and looked down at her swollen pussy lips smiling back at him. He knelt down between her legs and started to kiss her thighs. He hands guided his lips and they eventually found their target. His fingers danced like raindrops on a windshield as he took his time exploring her pussy. Marnie could only lay back and purr softly as she felt his fingers and breath tease her.

She couldn’t stand it any longer and pushed his head down firmly between her legs. Jack took the cue and kissed her glistening pussy lip to lip. His tongue traced circles over and around her slit. He flicked it once over her hard clit and felt her body shudder. He slid a finger into her moist tunnel and slowly pushed it all the way in, looking for the fleshy spot behind her clit. The moment he found it Marnie gasped and squeezed her legs together forcing Jack’s mouth to push hard against her cunt.

Jack lapped furiously now, holding back no more. He added a second finger to his first and pumped her quickly, tickling her special spot with each thrust. He sucked and nibbled and licked her pussy all over, feeling her hips rise to meet him. He leaned in closer and tried to clamp his lips over her clit to give a suck but her bucking body wouldn’t stay in one place long enough. Instead he kept lapping like a thirsty sailor. He thrust his fingers deep inside Marnie’s pussy one last time and wiggled them inside her while pushing his tongue against her clit. She let out a long slow moan and grabbed his hair as the orgasm flooded over her. She twitched a few seconds more before relaxing her legs to let Jack escape.

He slid his fingers out from her sopping pussy with a little twitch of his own and she moaned again. He crawled back up next to her and kissed her, and Marnie kissed him back, not minding the taste of her own pussy smeared cross his face. “Oh, Jack!” she said breathlessly. Jack just smiled back at her and let his hands roam her breasts again.

She pushed his hands away and sat up. She pushed him over on his back and wasted no time to pull his shorts down and off. She grabbed his cock in both hands and started to stroke it till the first drop of pre-cum oozed from the tip. She scooped her pearl drop on to a fingertip and reached to rub it on his nipple. Jack shivered at the sudden lubrication and propped himself up on a pillow to watch. She stroked his cock hard again until another drop escaped the head. Another fingertip gathered it and rubbed it on the other nipple. Jack exhaled loudly. 

Marnie brought six more drops from his cock that way and spread them around. She coated each of her nipples with two, coated each of his balls with another two and put one to her lips and one to his. Jack had never tasted himself before and was nervous when she brought the finger up to his mouth. He closed his eyes and opened his mouth. Marnie rubbed her finger over both his lips and into his mouth. Jack sucked her finger dry.

With his eyes closed he felt a soft wetness envelop his cock. He looked and saw Marnie had closed her lips around his shaft and was gliding her mouth over his cock. Her finger rested lightly on the tip as she licked and kissed the shaft of his aching cock. Soon she traded a fingertip for her mouth as she closed her lips over the head of his hard penis. Jack let out a sigh of relief, finally feeling her warm mouth start to do what every man loves.

He tried to reach for her but as she was on the lower edge of the bed he couldn’t. He lay contentedly on his back, watching Marnie’s head bob up and down. He started lifting his ass to meet her and she slipped a hand underneath him. She lightly rubbed his ass cheeks and teased along his crack while sucking his cock and rubbing it with her other hand. Jack’s toes curled and Marnie kept delicately toying with his ass and cock. She spread his cheeks apart and found his tight hole. She remembered he liked her finger up there from last night and started to push against it.

Jack tensed for a bit when he felt her finger against his anus, then tried to relax. He was so close to orgasm and tried to think of anything to hold him back. He didn’t want to cum so soon, he wanted to bury his cock deep inside Marnie and feel her pussy suck him dry. 

Marnie sensed his predicament and slowed down. She took her mouth off and withdrew her hands. She moved up next to Jack and kissed him. Jack kissed her back, tasting the muskiness of his groin on her lips. Marnie rolled on her back and Jack moved on top of her. She spread her legs slightly and her hand reached down to guide him in to her most delicate spot. 

Jack held his breath as his cock slowly glided between Marnie’s wet pussy lips and into her love canal. He remembered the Sheena Easton song from the 80’s about Sugar Walls and enjoyed every inch of the sensation. He eased his full length into her and propped himself on his elbows, leaning in to kiss her. Once fully inside he started the rhythm of eternity, slowly pulling his cock out and pushing it back in. Each pass would drive him insane with pleasure.

Marnie started moving with Jack, her hands wrapped tightly around his back. She lifted her ass to meet him as he started moving faster in and out of her. She lifted her legs and wrapped them around his hips, making his thrusts reach deeper inside her. She moaned from the pleasure of feeling his cock deep inside her cunt. 

Jack grabbed her legs and raised himself up, careful not to let his cock slide out. He put her legs on his shoulders and she reached for a pillow to slide under her ass. Jack had a beautiful view of his cock sliding in and out of her and he could watch her face contort and grimace from the enjoyment. 
