 It was early in my week at a clothing-optional ocean resort in the Caribbean. My boyfriend and I had planned the trip, but when I caught him cheating on me last month, the vacation became a solo venture.

I was lying naked on a chaise lounge in the late afternoon and there were only a few people left on the beach. I looked up from my book and saw a guy walking toward me. He was about my age, early thirties, had short, dark, curly hair, and a nice, mocha-colored body. To my dismay, he was wearing a Speedo bathing suit; to my delight, his package was clearly visible and quite impressive. 

We smiled at each other, as he stopped a few chairs down from me. I tried not to gawk as he hooked his thumbs in the waist of his Speedo and pulled the bikini off. His cock was uncircumcised, soft, three or four inches long, and very thick. His balls were large and hung low in his rather large scrotum. I took in all of this in the few seconds I allowed myself, before I pretended to return to my book.

I hadn't had sex in more than a month. To be honest, it was the last thing from my mind, after discovering my boyfriend's infidelity. But the hot Caribbean sun and all the naked flesh at the resort apparently had revived my libido. There was no doubt about it: I was horny.

I had an overwhelming desire to touch my clitoris. Positioning my book in such a way I though it was screening my movements, I cupped one hand over my crotch. Not surprisingly, I was soaking wet. I stroked my clit a few times, then glanced surreptitiously to my left. The guy was looking right at me and smiling! He knew exactly what I was doing!

I grinned self-consciously and, despite the heat of the day, felt myself blush several shades deeper red. Without a word, he stood, picked up his beach chair, and moved it in front of mine. When he sat back down, we were facing each other. The sun was low in the sky, it was after 6 o'clock, and we now were the only two people on the beach. 

He lay back on the lounge chair, bent his knees, spread his legs slightly, and cupped his balls in his hand. He squeezed gently, then began moving his hand up and down the shaft of his penis. The loose foreskin moved with his hand, exposing the head of his penis with every downward stroke.

He looked at me and raised his eyebrows, as if to ask, "Are you going to play?" In response, I put down my book (which obviously hadn't deceived him, anyway), and assumed the same position as he: knees bent, legs spread. I began rubbing my palm in my crotch, my middle finger in my slit, and stroking my clit on each upward stroke.

As we watched each other masturbate, his cock began to grow even thicker and to lengthen considerably. In a few minutes, the foreskin no longer covered the tip, even on the upstroke. His penis looked huge, but I wasn't sure whether it really was unusually large, or whether my intense passion was endowing it with additional inches.

I was on fire. The eroticism of watching this naked hunk playing with himself right in front of me had me on the brink of an orgasm. It was all I could do not to climb on top of him and ram that thing deep inside me.

Suddenly, he stood up. His cock was so hard, it pointed well above the horizontal. It also had a slight upward curve near its tip, making it seem to me even more exotic. He turned and started walking toward the water, motioning me to follow. 

When I stood, my legs were rubbery, and I walked unsteadily behind him, watching the sway of his smooth, tight, high ass. He waded a few yards into the warm, gentle surf, before submersing himself in it. When he surfaced, he again stood, the water lapping at his nipples.

I swam out to him and stood a few feet away. I was an athlete in college and still am in pretty good shape. I work out regularly and so far am holding my own in the war with gravity. He was an inch or two taller than my 5-foot-8 height, and had the smooth muscles of someone who comes by them naturally. 

I became aware that the cooler water on my fevered body, and my extreme arousal, had caused my always-prominent nipples to protrude from my breasts like a pair of erasers. Thinking about them made them stiffen even more. Looking down through the crystal-clear water, I saw his cock had softened, somewhat, but still was quite long and impressively thick. He spoke:

"Habla Espanol?" I shook my head sadly and replied, "Do you speak any English?"

He smiled and answered, "Muy poco. A little bit of words." 

He stepped toward me and reached for my hand. I moved a little closer and took his. "Linda," I said. "Manuel," he replied, squeezing my hand slightly as we shook. "En Espanol, Linda es -- how you say -- 'beautiful.'"

"Thank you, I mean, gracias," I stuttered. I think we both had about exhausted our knowledge of each other's language, and there was a moment of awkward silence. Then, Manuel put one arm around my shoulders and drew me to him. "OK?" he asked. I nodded. He wrapped both of his arms around me and pressed my body to his. I felt his penis stiffening against my leg.

He gradually slid his hands down my back and over my ass, squeezing my cheeks gently and lifting me slightly. I put my arms around his neck and thrust my hips forward, pressing my groin against him. A low, barely-audible moan escaped his mouth. 

I leaned away from him, slightly, reached down between us, and wrapped my hand around his cock. It was as hard as a steel rod and so thick I could barely touch my thumb to my middle finger. I stroked his cock a few times underwater and Manuel reached between my legs. Now it was my turn to moan, as he massaged my swollen clit.

He moved toward me, crouched slightly, took his cock in one hand, and parted my vaginal lips with his other. I pulled away, shook my head, and said, "Not here, Manuel." I pointed toward the resort cottages on the beach.

"Do you have protection?" I asked, pantomiming rolling a condom over a penis. He understood immediately and nodded vigorously. "Si," he smiled.

I took his hand and led him out of the water. We must have made quite a sight for anyone watching from the shore: Manuel's cock again was sticking almost straight up, as we strolled up the beach. We put on our suits -- although Manuel's hard-on protruded above the waistband of his skimpy Speedo -- I gathered my book and towel, and he led me toward his cottage. 

Inside the small unit were a queen-size bed, a nightstand, a small table with two chairs, a TV, a dresser, a small kitchen, and a bathroom. Manuel opened the nightstand drawer and proudly displayed a collection of condoms. We both smiled and glanced, somewhat sheepishly, at the bed.

Manuel came to me and stroked my wet hair. His touch was gentle and I involuntarily leaned my cheek against his hand. He placed a hand behind my head and tenderly kissed me, his tongue parting my lips and exploring inside my mouth. I let my hands wander along his muscular shoulders and back, his skin smooth and warm to the touch.

We maintained the kiss for what seemed like several minutes, our hands caressing each other's head, face, and torso. When we drew apart, Manuel went to the small refrigerator, opened it, and held up a beer in one hand and a soda in the other, silently asking which I would like.

"I'll have a beer," I said. "Gracias." He replaced the soda in the 'fridge, took out a second beer, and returned to my side. I couldn't help but look at the front of his Speedo as he walked across the short span between us. There was a very substantial bulge that told me he was as aroused as the dampness between my legs declared I was. 

We both knew, of course, why we were in that little cottage. It was just a question of who would initiate the actual sex .

I did.

When Manuel handed me a beer, I placed it on the nightstand and yanked down his Speedo. His cock sprung free, not fully erect, but far from soft. I took it in my hand and slid the foreskin up and down the shaft. I never had been with an uncircumcised man. The sight and feel were different and exciting.

With my other hand, I cupped his big balls and lifted them, slightly. They were as heavy as they looked. I gently pulled down on his scrotum, which tightened the skin along his shaft and fully exposed his cock head. I kneeled in front of him and took that head in my mouth, sucking in, as I maintained the downward pull on his balls. It felt so strange, moving his foreskin with my mouth. When I glanced up at his face, his eyes were closed and his mouth partly open in an expression of ecstasy. 

I love to play tease-and-deny with men, so I continued to suck him, until his movements told me he was getting close to the edge. Then, I stood up, walked to the bed, stripped off my suit, and lay down on my stomach, spreading my legs wide across the bed. He followed me, his cock again nearly vertical in its extreme hardness.

He sat on the edge of the bed and caressed my ass, alternately squeezing my cheeks and lightly running his middle finger along my crack. My spread-eagle position gave him full access to my asshole and vagina. He cupped his hand over my crotch, inserting his middle finger in my pussy and his thumb in my ass, like you would pick up a bowling ball. The feeling was electric when he slowly moved both digits in and out. I squirmed against his hand and he increased the speed and pressure of his movements.

I came quickly and loudly. I could easily have come again, but I wanted to prolong the pleasure, so I sat up and motioned for Manuel to lie down. His cock hadn't softened at all. I spent several minutes stroking it, until a drop of pre-cum appeared at its tip. I took a condom from the drawer and rolled it onto his thick erection

I straddled him and slowly took his cock into my vagina. Its thickness filled me completely and the curve at its tip pressed against me in a most unusual and pleasurable way. At first, I moved up and down very slowly, raising almost off his cock, then gradually lowering myself to take it all inside me, again. I had little trouble accommodating his length; which I would estimate at maybe 7 inches; but the girth of his cock and its extreme hardness stretched my pussy to the max.

After a few minutes, I stretched out my full body length on top of him and increased both the speed and pressure of my movements. I was quickly reaching my second orgasm. I thought, by the sounds of desire Manuel was making, that he was getting close, too.

I came first, but only by a few seconds. When Manuel exploded inside me, it heightened my own pleasure, and we thrashed wildly around the bed, reveling in our own and each other's climax.

I stayed on top of Manuel for a while after we both were spent, and his cock remained hard inside me for several minutes after his orgasm. I felt it finally soften, somewhat, but when I rolled off him, his cock still looked ready for action.

The language barrier precluded much pillow talk, so we drank our beers and gently caressed each other. Very quickly, Manuel's beautiful cock regained its fullness. Since it never really had become flaccid, the condom had stayed on. Manuel began to finger my clit, which almost immediately was on fire.

This time, Manuel took the upper berth, lifting my legs onto his shoulders and kneeling between my thighs. He slowly inserted himself into me, at the same time he continued to stroke my clit. The combination of his cock filling my cunt and Manuel's manual stimulation of my clit soon gave me my third and strongest orgasm. Manuel's second followed a few minutes later.

The rest of the week, we spent mornings on the beach, made love at noon, returned to the beach for a few hours, made love again before dinner, and slept together every night, coupling at least once more. It was more sex than I usually get in a month.

We corresponded by e-mail for several months after returning home (he lived in Mexico), but that was three years ago and we haven't met since that magical week.