 Ow! Was the first thought that came into my head as I awoke. The sunlight streaming in through my blinds plus the hangover pounding into my head were giving me a great one-two punch. I turned away from the window, blinked a couple times, and then sat up. If the hangover was bad before, it was awful now. I groaned, and arose, hoping that a shower would help stop the jackhammer that was now plugging away at my brain.

I stumbled out into the hallway in only my boxers, stopping to look into my sister Emily's room. She was only ten months younger than me, and since I was born in January and she in November, this meant that we had gone through school together. Now a month after graduation, we had decided to party away our summer before we both headed off to (separate) colleges.

Emily had just woken up too I could tell by the groaning that was escaping from her mouth. I laughed, and asked her "Same bus get you too."

"Yes," escaped her lips, and she sat up to look at me. Her long black hair was a mess as she looked at me and asked, "Headed for the shower?" I nodded, and she lay back down to catch a few more minutes of sleep. I continued down to the end of the hall, where I was met by a closed door. I knocked, hoping to not receive an answer.

"Who is it?" my other sister Lisa called. Damn! She could take forever in the bathroom if she wanted to, and if she knew I was out here with a wicked hangover, she would. 

"Its Dylan. I gotta pee."

"Hold on, I'm almost done."

I heard her move around a little, and then the door opened. She was only wearing a towel, and smiled at me as she went past without a word. Finally I got into the bathroom, shut and locked the door, and went into step 1 of hangover relief.

Five minutes later, as I had the shower going and was washing off, I reflected the previous night's events. An acquaintance of mine had had a party, which I had attended hoping to get some action. I had broken up with my last girlfriend just before graduation, and was trying to spend my last summer before college playing the field. So far though, I had found the field empty.

I finished in the shower, got out, and was toweling off when there was a knock on the door. 

"Dyl?" I heard Emily say.

"Yeah, I'll be out in a minute."

"Ok, thanks."

I finished up, and opened the door to see Emily sitting on the floor, in nothing but a tanktop and tiny mesh shorts. I kicked her lightly, to make sure she was awake.

"Guess who I hooked up with last night?" she asked me as she got up.

"I dunno. Who?"

"Jim."

I laughed at the fact that my sister had hooked up with my best friend. 

"What did Bridget have to say about that?" Jim had recently broken up with his girlfriend, and I knew she still wanted him. That fact that Emily and Bridget were friends probably didn't help things either.

"I dunno, she didn't see us, I don't think."

"I see. You two an item now?"

"I don't know." Em reached for my hand, and I pulled her to her feet. "Can you talk to him first?"

"Sure, I'll give him my 'You fucked my sister' speech. I've gotten quite good at it."

"Hey, I didn't sleep with him. Or that many other guys, for that matter. Bastard."

I laughed as I went down the hall, leaving Emily fuming a bit.

Later in the day, I decided to talk to Jim. Our conversation pretty much was him getting nervous and apologizing, me telling him I didn't care, him telling me he really liked her and asking me to talk to her, and me reminding him he'd better tell Bridget before she killed my sister. I relayed this to Emily, who had apparently forgotten about Bridget, and decided she had better talk to her friend before Jim does.

Since we had all gotten blitzed the night before, Jim, Emily, and I all decided to take a night off, and watch movies at our house. This lasted about half a movie before I started to feel like a third wheel, and decided to try and find some fun elsewhere. I left the lovers alone, and headed to my buddy Pete's for a party.

Pete lived right on the edge of town, and his parents allowed him to build a huge bonfire pit along the edge of their property for parties. Pete's parties were so well known that some people even brought tents and sleeping bags so they didn't drive home. I was still recovering from the night before, so I was planning to stay sober.

I pulled up in the beat-up Jeep Wrangler that Emily and I shared, and after getting out, the first person I saw was Bridget. She was backlit by the fire, leaving most of her features darkened, but I could still see the anger in her eyes. I decided to test my luck, since if I didn't smolder her now, Jim and Emily were sure to get it worse later.

"You ok Bridget?"

"No. I was hoping it was your trampy sister, so I could kick her ass."

"Whoa, easy killer. What's wrong?"

"Oh come on. You know she hooked up with Jim last night. I can't believe she did that to me, that bitch."

While I was still talking at a normal level, Bridget's voice was starting to rise, and it was now that I realized two things: 1. She was drunk, and 2. She was starting to draw attention. I decided to try to both calm her down and sober her up.

"Hey, let's go for a drive and talk about it."

Bridget looked at me with absolute hatred, but I could see she was moving from 'angry' to 'weepy' drunk, so I pushed my luck.

"C'mon, I won't bite." She nodded, and hopped into the Jeep.

Pete's property was crossed with some trails left by a logging company, and since I knew them pretty well, I headed down one slowly. Bridget was jostled around a little bit, so I pulled her closer to me, figuring she just needed a little attention.

"So, what's new?" I asked, hoping for some non-relationship conversation.

"Ughh, not much. I've been pissed all afternoon since Emily called me."

"Well that was nice of her."

"Nice to what, steal my boyfriend?"

"Hey, remember, you and Jim aren't together anymore. And wouldn't you rather have your friend tell you up front rather than sneak behind your back?"

"Yeah, I guess so. I dunno, I guess I was still hoping Jimmy and I would get back together."

"Bridge, you're going to be hundreds of miles apart at college. It's the same reason why Julie and I broke up."

"I thought that was because she wouldn't put out?" Bridget's tone changed now.

"No, she put out just fine, don't worry."

"Really? She always claimed she never let you touch her."

"Ha. That's a lie. She blew me in this Jeep."

"Ewww, why did you tell me that?" She giggled.

"Took your mind off Jim, didn't it?"

"Yeah. Where are we going?" She moved closer to me now, and shivered.

"Dunno. Where do you want to go?" I put my arm around her out of sympathy.

"I don't know. Somewhere private."

Now, at this point, despite the fact that I was now probably thinking more with my dick than my head, a little voice was telling me that this girl just wanted to sleep with me to get back at her Jim. But a bigger voice was reminding me that this girl was an absolutely gorgeous redhead with a perfect hourglass figure. In fact, as I looked down at her nestled into my chest, I could see down her shirt. The trail rounded a bend now, and I pulled off and turned off the headlights, and started to rub Bridget's bare shoulder. She put her arm around me, and gave a sigh of contentment.

"Dylan, why are you being so nice to me?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I said I was going to beat up your sister and best friend. Yet here you are, being nice and comforting me."

"Well, I figured that if I talked to you, you'd calm down, so you wouldn't try to tear my best friend and / or sister apart, and look like a complete psycho bitch in the process."

"Oh… Thanks." With that, she leaned up and kissed my cheek.

"My pleasure" I replied, and turned to face her.

We leaned in and kissed, softly, before shifting to face each other. After a few minutes, I pulled her tight to me, and began to rub her back and sides. She did the same, feeling my chest and shoulders. I began kissing her neck and shoulders, and then when I felt she was pretty worked-up, suggested we move to the back seat. She nodded agreement, and I climbed through, and pulled her through after me. She ended up on top of me, and we stayed this way as I removed her top, feeling her breasts between my fingers. She was at least a C and probably a D cup, with beautiful, milky-white breasts that matched her pale Irish complexion. I kissed my way down to them, and gave them ample attention, kissing, kneading, sucking, and massaging. I could feel her start to moan in my ear and grind on my leg, and headed south, working my fingers into her pants. She lifted her waist, and let me unbutton her jeans, and push them to her ankles. My fingers danced across her bare sides and bottom now, unobstructed except for a tiny g-string. Her hands had made it up under my shirt, and ran up and down my chest, then down to my shorts. She lifted off of me, her legs straddling my body, her milky-white complexion perfectly lit by the moonlight, and a big smile on her face as she removed my jeans and boxers. As she did, I pulled my shirt off, leaving her g-string as the last remnant of our clothing. When she finished with my boxers, she leaned down and began to kiss down my chest, her tongue dancing around my stomach, before finally lightly kissing my member, which was up to about ¾ strength by the time she got there. As she did, she brushed back her curly red hair, and looked me in the eye as she swallowed my cock whole. I groaned with the feeling of her warm mouth replacing the cool night air. She slowly went up and down my full length, one hand massaging my balls as the other supported her. I ran my hand through her hair, enjoying her effort. She continued to deep throat me, taking her time to kiss up and down my cock, smiling at me as she did so. Finally, she began to kiss her way back up me, finishing back at my ear. She nibbled a bit, breathing heavily.

"I'm so wet," she whispered, and took my left hand and placed it on her crotch. I could feel her juices starting to leak out, and began to slowly work her lips, lubricating my finger, before slowly massaging her clit. This earned me an appreciative moan, and as my right hand began to massage her chest, my left slipped inside of her. She gasped, slowly starting to ride my finger in appreciation. I kept it up, alternating massaging her clit and slipping my fingers inside her, before she moaned in my ear "I need something bigger."

I laughed a little bit, and adjusted slowly, running my dick up and down her lips. I heard her groan again, and then exhale as I slipped the head into her.

"Oh my god, I didn't realize how big you were." This was a complaint I had heard before, specifically by girls who tried to swallow me whole, but I didn't stop. I pushed a little more, and felt her pussy open up to my assault. When I got all the way in, I heard Bridget groan "So full." I started to thrust up into her, and she began to grind against me, her body pressed up against mine. As she did this, her breasts bobbed up and down in front of my face. I started to massage one, my other hand pulling her body against mine.

She started to moan and groan a little louder now, her body sweating as she got a good workout. She leaned back now into a 'cowgirl' position, letting me watch her as she rode me. She put her hands on the roof of the Jeep now, her body thrusting against mine. I could feel her juices all over my crotch now, as she was audibly moaning with ever thrust. I put my hands behind her ass, and pulled myself into her, speeding up. "Oh God! Oh God!" she panted now, before giving one last great thrust. I felt a rush of her juices around me now, and she writhed about on top of me, before collapsing down. She kissed me, and sighed:

"Oh my God, that was fantastic. I've never cum that fast before."

"Who said we were done?" I answered, my cock still rock hard inside of her.

"Mmm, I know. What do you want now?" She started to kiss my neck. My mind raced with that invitation, and I realized what my greatest want was at this moment. I whispered into her ear now:

"I want to tit-fuck you now. Is that ok?"

She giggled a little, and nodded. "Yes, but I've never done it before."

I smiled now, and we reversed positions so that she lay on the seat now.

"Its easy. First you lay on your back. Then, I put my cock between your beautiful breasts."

She let me, tweaking her own nipples as I did so.

"Third, you cover my cock with those pretty tits." She smashed her milky jugs together, trapping my cock inside."

"And finally, I ride." I began to thrust slowly, my cock still lubed with her juices. I was long enough that she could lean down and suck in the end of my cock with every thrust. She giggled a little, enjoying the feeling. I kept going, feeling the pressure in my balls begin to build. Bridget kept me going to, licking my head, massaging my balls, telling me she enjoyed the taste of her own juices.

Finally I knew I wouldn't last much longer, and she told me that since I had made her cum so well, I could cum wherever I wanted. Again, my mind raced, and I had a hard time narrowing my choices down. Finally, I ran out of time, and just decided to go for broke.

My first shot landed on her forehead and ran into her hair. My second, on her cheek. My third, her chin. My fourth, her neck. My last few dribbled out on to her chest, which was still moving up and down as she breathed heavily. When I got done, she cleaned off my cock, then I climbed off and she cleaned her own chest and face. I began to pull my clothes back on, shivering as the cold now hit me. She lay there naked, her pussy still coated in her juices.

"I should take you home," I said, feeling a little guilty now.

"Why?" She asked.

"Because you can't go back to the party like this."

"Can't I come back to your place?" She asked seductively.

My frozen reaction told her what she didn't want to hear.

"Ohmigod, they're there, aren't they?" Her reaction was shock with a little disappointment.

"They were when I left. Are you still hung up on them?"

"No, no. Just, surprised I guess. I thought it was a one night thing."

"I guess not." Fully dressed now, I climbed out to get into the front seat.

"Dylan, is this a one-night thing?"

"I dunno. We'll see, I guess.