 Note from Slickman: Two couples take a weeks vacation together on a cruise however bad weather causes havoc on their plans. The men take advantage of the situation and have a great trip to Florida. The first chapter goes kind of slow so if you are looking for instant sex this story is not for you. All Rights reserved.

*

The vacation had been set for almost a year. Tom and May Bradley were going on a cruise with their best friends Jack and Kate Arnold. Both couples were celebrating their twentieth wedding anniversaries only two months apart. However the only major problem was how the couples were to get to Florida. Tom and Kate did not like to fly so they decided to drive to Florida. Since both May and Jack had started new jobs they did not have enough vacation time to drive down so they had flight reservations to fly down on Friday evening. 

It was the first week of February and bad weather was hitting the east coast with heavy snow in New Jersey, Maryland and Northern Virginia. May begged Tom and Kate to fly down with her and Jack but they would not fly. They had to leave a day early on Thursday which meant they would have to stop over about halfway in South Carolina. 

"Now you two be good," Jack said to his wife as she got into the passenger seat next to Tom. "And remember to get separate rooms." 

"Don't worry, I only have eyes for you," Kate said as she kissed him. She looked at the light snow falling. "We better get going." They pulled out into the traffic on the NJ Turnpike just north of Newark and knew it was going to be a long haul because the traffic was going only 30 mph. 

"Let me know when you get tired of driving and I'll take a shift," Kate said to Tom. She looked at the handsome tall blonde man and realized that if she wasn't married he would definitely be one of her targets. 

"Close your eyes and get some rest," he smiled. "I think we are going to need it." Five minutes later he saw her eyes closed and her body leaning back against the seat. Her plentiful breasts filled out the Seton Hall sweatshirt and her jeans were nice and tight around her hips and crotch area. He was excited going on a trip alone with her but knew nothing would happen. They had kidded around before about swapping wives but it was just clean fun. 

The traffic opened up as they passed New Brunswick and Tom made good time until he got to the Delaware Bridge. Suddenly traffic came to a halt and Kate woke up. "Are we there yet?" She giggled. She saw the sign for the rest stop and asked him to make a potty and lunch stop. 

As they ran into the restaurant area she grabbed onto his arm. "I'm freezing!" She realized her soft breast was rubbing into his elbow but didn't care. 

Tom waited for her outside of the ladies room and when she came out they headed in for a quick bite to eat. "My hair is a mess," she said as she tried to comb it with her fingers. 

"It looks great," he laughed. "Besides do you care if any of these people see it?" 

"Yes, you," she grinned. "You are my husband for today." 

"Yeah, but in separate rooms," He grinned. 

"This is pretty cool," she said as they waited for their food. "I haven't been with another man alone like this for twenty years. It's kind of exciting." 

"I know, we've been in the car for over three hours and haven't argued once," he laughed. 

"Maybe this will give us a chance to really get to know each other?" She grinned. 

"Non-sexual of course," he smiled back. 

"Of course." 

***** 

May had invited Jack over for dinner that night and had spent a good hour preparing for it. She too had always liked Jack and always enjoyed being around him. After spending a few summers together as couples at the Jersey Shore they had already seen each other in bathing suits and bed clothing. From the size of the bulge in Jack's pajamas she knew he was more endowed than Tom. 

It was around 5:00PM when she took a long hot bath and took the time to fix her hair and put on her halter blouse and jeans. On the way to her house he stopped and picked out a movie for them to watch after dinner. 

"Come in," she said as she looked around the neighborhood to see if anyone was watching a man come into her house. "Dinner is almost ready." Normally they always hugged when they greeted each other but being alone like this caused them to hesitate. Finally May held open her arms and pulled his stocky muscular body into hers. They held together a little longer than normal and when they pushed apart Jack looked down at her hard nipples under the halter blouse. She was as excited as he was. 

Jack helped her with the dishes and they sat down and ate the delicious lamb she had made. "I wonder how far they are now," May said. "Since the weather is so bad they might not get to the motel until late." 

"That sounds strange," Jack said. "We are sitting here talking about our spouses getting to a motel to spend the night." 

"But in separate rooms," May said quickly. 

"Should we call them and see where they are?" he asked. 

"Yes," she replied as she grabbed the portable phone on the wall and called Tom's mobile number. 

*****

More bad traffic was found in Baltimore and in Washington DC. By the time they made it out of the DC area it was almost seven o'clock. Tom's phone rang. 

"Hi, we just passed Washington," he said to his wife. "It's still snowing and we will be lucky to get to Richmond by nine o'clock. We haven't eaten supper yet and are getting tired so I don't think we are going to make it to South Carolina." He looked over at Kate who was now driving. "I'll call you when we stop. I love you too. Yes, we will be careful. Bye." 

"What about our room reservation?" She asked. 

"I cancelled it before six when we stopped for gas," he said. "I forgot to tell you." 

Kate glanced at him suspiciously. "What if we can't get two rooms somewhere?" 

"I guess we will just have to share a room," he smiled. 

Kate looked at the traffic ahead. "Let's worry about that when we get there." 

It was three hours later when they passed into North Carolina when Tom pulled into a Best Western Motel. 

"This lot looks full," Kate commented as they drove up to the front door. She jumped out of the car to make sure she was part of picking out the rooms. 

"I'm sorry sir we only have one room left," the young girl said. 

*****

After dinner and once the dishes were cleaned up May and Jack moved into the den and he handed her the movie to put on. "Bewitched?" 

"I thought you would like it," Jack smiled as he sat on the large sofa directly in front of the screen. They had watched many a movie on that sofa but this was the first time they would be watching one alone. 

May started the movie and asked if he wanted a drink. "I'll take a Jack and coke." They were both kind of nervous and some booze might calm them down. She made one for herself and sat down about two feet from him. The movie started. 

"Should we call them again?" May asked looking at the clock. It was almost eight o'clock. 

"Na, they said they will call us once they stop," he grinned. His dirty mind raced in circles as he thought of various ways to get her to sleep with him. "I give good feet massages. Do you want one?" 

May gulped down almost half of her drink. "Just my feet right?" 

"Of course," he grinned. She turned to lie down on the sofa as she lifted her feet into his strong hands. 

May had never really thought of her feet being sexual until the moment he caressed her toes and gently rubbed up over her ankle to her calve and then slowly back down. He left one of her feet on his lap while he massaged the other one. Each time his hands moved upward they went further and further until he was caressing the middle of her calve muscle. "I'm glad I'm wearing jeans," she giggled. 

After spending about ten minutes on the first foot he lowered it to his lap and took the other one. The foot on his lap was less than an inch from the hard bulge in his slacks but, he wanted her to be the one who made the first contact. 

"That feels soooo good," she purred as his fingers stroked her tired foot. As she reached behind her to grab one of the small pillows her foot moved just enough to touch his rigid member. She quickly jerked her foot away. Neither of them acknowledged it but it was high on their minds at that moment. As long as it was accidental they didn't have a problem with it. A few minutes later she reached over to the coffee table to grab her drink and again pushed her toes into his prick. This time she held it against it until she finished her sip. She smiled and moved back onto her pillow while pulling her foot away. She could feel the dampness seeping from her sex. 

"Why don't you change into something else and then I can do your legs?" He smiled. 

"I better keep my jeans on," she smiled back. "Can you massage my legs with them on?" 

"Definitely," he said as he moved his hips under her knees. His hands fell to her ankle and moved slowly up the denim-covered leg. Neither of them was watching the movie anymore. May now had her eyes closed and his eyes were locked onto the vee where her legs met. 

"You know Tom is a very lucky guy," Jack whispered. 

"Why?" She asked still keeping her eyes closed. Since she was not watching his fingers caressing her lower thighs it somehow made it alright. 

"You have a beautiful body." 

She laughed. "I'm old and fat." 

"I can't feel any fat," he said as he gently squeezed the underside of her thigh. 

"You aren't touching my ass," she giggled. The Jack Daniels was loosening up her inhibitions. 

"Is that an invitation?" he asked feeling his hard-on pressing up against her leg. 

"No," she giggled again. "We have to be good." 

*****

"I'm not sharing a room with you," Kate whispered to Tom as the girl called a couple of nearby motels to see if they had rooms. 

"We might not have a choice," he whispered. The girl frowned and hung up the phone. "There are no more rooms from her to the North Carolina border." 

Tom glanced at Kate. "OK, let's take it," she said. "I hope they will understand." 

Kate checked in as Tom got the overnight bags from the car. They had packed smaller bags just for the one night stay. The room was on the third floor so as they rode up the elevator Kate said, "Maybe we shouldn't tell them. I'm sure Jack will go nuts." 

"They both will be pissed if they find out because they will think we actually did something and were trying to hide it," Tom added. 

The door opened and they headed into the room trying to act unexcited. They managed to keep it cool until they saw the king size bed. "I thought she said we would have separate beds?" Kate asked as she stood frozen in the doorway. 

"She really didn't say," Tom said as he pushed the door open and walked inside. "If you want I'll call down and ask for a roll out bed." 

"Do it please," she said putting down her bag on the small dresser. 

Tom called the desk but they did not have any portable beds. "Nope," he said looking at Kate. "We can make a wall of pillows," he said looking at the three or four extra pillows on the bed. "That way you won't be able to touch me." He laughed which broke the tension. 

Kate smacked him on his arm and closed the room door. She watched as it closed and locked. Here she was in a motel room planning on sleeping in the same bed with another man besides her husband. "We better call them and tell them we have stopped. You have to do the lying about having separate rooms. Jack will know from my voice that I'm lying." 

Tom opened his mobile phone and called. 

*****

Jack's fingers were only an inch from the junction of May's thighs when the phone rang. Both of them jumped like they had been caught. "OH GOD!" She said as she pushed off the sofa and ran into the kitchen to get the phone. 

She saw Tom's cell phone number on the Caller ID. "Hi, have you stopped?" 

"Yes, we are checking into the motel right now," Tom said looking over at Kate who was now lying back on the large bed. Her hand was covering her eyes. "We just wanted to let you know we've stopped and are staying at the Best Western Motel at the Wilson Exit in North Carolina." 

"Good we have been worrying about you," May said looking through the door at Jack's hard-on pushing up his slacks. 

"We? Is Jack with you tonight?" Tom asked. She had said they might go out somewhere for a meal. 

"Yes, we are watching a movie," she said nervously. 

"Alone?" He asked. Suddenly he was the one jealous even though he was sleeping in the same bed as Kate. 

"Yes, it's just a movie," she said suddenly feeling guilty that she had allowed Jack to massage her legs. 

"Does Jack want to talk to Kate?" Tom asked. Kate opened her eyes and moved up onto her elbows which pushed her plentiful breasts outward. 

"Do you want to say anything to Kate?" May asked Jack. 

"Na, just tell her to watch out for Tom," he laughed. 

"He said for her to watch out for you," May repeated. "Good night I love you," she whispered. 

"Me too," Tom replied. 

"He didn't want to talk to me?" Kate asked hurt. 

"He just said for you to watch out for me," Tom grinned. "They are watching a movie." 

"Alone?" She sat up. 

"Yes, do you think we can trust them?" 

"I guess we have no choice do we?" she smiled. She looked at the clock which read 9:30PM. "I need to take a shower." She stood and grabbed her bag. 

"If you want company let me know," he laughed. 

She didn't answer as she moved into the small bath and closed the door behind her. She turned on the hot water and adjusted it. As she opened her bag she said, "Shit." She had packed a thin nightgown for the overnight stay thinking she would be alone. She also had forgotten to put in an extra pair of panties and the ones she was wearing were damp at the moment. She quickly removed her sweatshirt, jeans, bra and panties and stood looking at her body in the big mirror on the back of the door. She knew her breasts were bigger than May's and her ass smaller. She rubbed over the flat blonde pubic mound to fluff up the hairs. She discovered her clitoris sticking outward ready for some action. "Not tonight," she giggled as she pushed it back into the matted hairs. 

The warm water woke up her nerve endings and her soapy fingers touching her nakedness raised her sexual need even more. Just the thought of Tom lying on the bed in the other room was enough to have her fantasize about fucking him tonight. Although she could not do it she did it now in her mind. "OH TOM," she moaned. 

Tom sat back in his tee shirt and jeans trying to imagine what Kate looked like under the hot shower. She had blonde hair but was she a natural blonde? He had seen her long nipples pushing out her pajamas at one of the beach vacations and knew they sat on top of her mounds pointing upward. He squeezed his hard-on until he heard the shower turn off. Five minutes later she peeked out. "You can have the shower because I can dry my hair here at this sink." 

Tom grabbed his bag which basically only had a pair of clean briefs and a polo shirt for the trip tomorrow. He had not planned on needing pajamas and normally only slept in his underwear. He moved around the wall and stopped when he saw her body poorly hidden in a thin almost sheer light green nightgown. "Wow." 

"Don't get any ideas," she giggled as she held her arms across her breasts so he could not see the dark shadows of her nipples through the nightgown. However she knew he could see her white bikini panties through the back side. 

"Too late," he whispered as he moved slowly behind her and into the bath. He closed the door and she quickly dried her hair. 

Tom took his time showering and did his best not to jerk off as he remembered her pink body under the nightgown. He dried off, pulled on the new briefs and wrapped a towel around his waist. He cracked open the door and saw her gone from the sink. As he moved out of the bath he noticed the lights were off. "Are you in bed?" 

"Yes," she said, nervously. "This is the only nightgown I packed and I think it's better if the lights are off." She saw the bathroom light go out and refocused her eyes to watch his shape as he walked into the bedroom. Her eyes got big when she saw his bare chest and only a pair of briefs around his privates. "Don't you wear pajamas?" 

"Not normally," he answered as he saw her body shape under the bed covers. He moved to the other side of the bed and slipped underneath. She had not put any pillows between them. "No pillows?" 

"I think I can trust you," she replied. 

"I hope so," he thought. "I can't believe I'm finally sleeping with you," he laughed. 

"Don't even joke about it," she said as she moved her hand over and gently struck his bare bicep. The touch of his skin caused chills up and down her spine. She jerked her hand back to her side. 

*****

May moved back into the den and sat down next to Jack. "Do you have any idea about what this movie is about?" 

"No but can we continue your massage?" He said as he dropped his hand onto her leg. 

"I think that is dangerous," she said pushing his hand away. "You were getting pretty close before to an area you should not be touching." 

Jack's bulge still was hard. "Yes, but look what it caused." He glanced down at his raised pants. 

May had been looking already. "We can't cheat on our spouses. I don't want to ruin our marriages and our friendship." 

"How far can we go without it being cheating?" He whispered as his fingers once again crept up onto her leg. 

"Maybe we can just hug without using our hands?" She said feeling the heat buildup again between her thighs. "Friends hug." 

May and Jack turned to face each other and put their arms around each others back. She pushed her head onto his shoulder and her breasts against his hard chest. Jack's hands moved up and down her back stopping to touch her bra connection. 

"What are you doing back there?" she asked. 

"Nothing just exploring," he replied. 

"No touching with hands remember?" She pushed hard into him until he fell onto his back. Before she could object she was lying directly on top of him. She felt the large lump under her lower stomach. "JACK!" 

"We're just hugging," he whispered as he gently pressed his lips to her neck. His hands on her hips pushed her downward a few inches until the tip of his hard prick was pushing into her pussy area. 

"Oh God," May moaned. The hard tip was actually in contact with her raised clit. Her legs opened a few more inches until his whole shaft was resting between her covered and opened slit. "We shouldn't be doing this." 

"We are not using our hands," he whispered as his hips pushed upward. His mouth nibbled on her soft nape. 

"Ohhh," she moaned again. "Stop," she said but didn't make any move to pull away. His hips lowered and then pushed back up. Her legs opened wider as he kept doing it. 

May lost track of reasoning as he dry humped her pussy. His lips had moved to her earlobe and were sucking on it. "Friends kiss." He whispered hoping she would go for it. She did. Her head moved away and she looked into his eyes with passion as she dropped her soft lips onto his. When his tongue licked across her closed lips her thin tongue moved outward and met it. For the first time in over twenty years they were french kissing a person other than their spouse. 

*****

"I can't get to sleep," Tom whispered as he peeked over at Kate's face looking up at the ceiling. 

"Me too," she replied. "Knowing you are in bed with me wearing only your underwear is keeping me awake," she said honestly. 

"And knowing your beautiful body is under that nightgown inches from me is driving me nuts." 

"Have........have you ever cheated on May before?" She whispered. 

"No," he answered. "Have you cheated on Jack?" 
