 The drive up

When I found out my driving buddy was leaving me in the lurch last night, I decided to bite the bullet and offer my supervisor a lift with me, as he had driven me a few weeks ago so I wanted to repay the favour. Not to mention it makes the drive less boring, and we enjoy each other's company. We had known each other for over three years so were well past any awkwardness. He had turned down the offer two days prior, but I wondered if that was in part due to the fact my other friend would be along for the ride, and wasn't today. I hastily wrote the text but delayed sending it, pondering if it was a bad idea, if we shouldn't spend that much time together alone outside work. I hit send and threw the phone down while my heart raced. To my surprise, he replied very quickly with "okay, what time?" And it was set.

The next day I got up and dressed in my workout clothes as I planned to head straight to the gym. He calls them 'pyjamas'... I'm still not entirely sure why. I put my hair up in a messy pony tail without brushing it, splashed my face with cold water, brushed my teeth and put on a light dusting of foundation - just enough to cover my blemishes. I picked a figure hugging maxi skirt to wear later with a beige top and heel boots that he always manages to comment on. They make me look taller obviously, but they're also quite comfortable and wearing them makes me feel sexy - not in an obvious way, just that they make me feel more confident somehow.

As I drove to his house, my mind meandered to what he was doing during his morning rituals. Was he in the shower? Did his wife have his breakfast waiting for him? Were his kids up and about yet? Do they climb onto him while he lies in bed? And before I knew it, I was turning into his street.

I got to his house a little early as traffic was lighter than I expected so after turning around in the cul-de-sac and pulling in tight to the kerb outside his house I got a good look at his place. It was oldish but had been revamped, and was the nicest in the street. I wasn't sure of the etiquette - do I text him to say I'm here even though I'm early? Do I wait another 10 minutes then text? Do I call? Do I go knock on the front door? I opted to stay in my car to check emails and instagram; it's the middle of winter so it was the warmest option, and I wasn't sure what sort of reception I would get from his wife - I don't think it would have been as warm as my car! 

While I browsed instagram, not really paying attention to the photos and captions, I thought about what we would talk about for an hour alone together. The usual topics - work, tv shows, our partners, the weekend - would obviously be discussed, but with him there was always more, deeper conversations, about goals, personality types, attraction...

Am I attracted to him? I think so - he has all the features of my "type". He is tall, and although about 10 years older than me, handsome, with dark hair and a beard. Only a few greys are coming through as to be expected at 35 or so, and they suit him, make him look even more authoritative and dependable. I think part of what makes him attractive is his smile - it's cheeky and devious but always so sincere. And his eyes - they are trustworthy and loyal, and I feel like they see through the bull shit. I think we flirt subconsciously - little comments here and there. He says I remind him of his wife, and has made more than one reference to the similarities shared by our personalities and physicalities. He often comments on my appearance - what I'm wearing, how my hair is done (or not done). Once, recently, he said "your boyfriend better watch out, especially with you in that dress". It was a tight-to-waist grey striped dress with three-quarter length sleeves and a sweetheart neckline that displays my décolletage quite nicely, while leaving enough to the imagination. I actually caught him looking down at my cleavage. It wasn't the first time I had caught him having a peek, and from his height I guessed he'd have a pretty good view! The thing is I sort of like it.

I wondered if he ever fantasised over me. I had fantasised over him before. 

The main fantasy I had was that he would walk in on me in the disabled bathroom at our old office, while I was getting changed or putting makeup on, ready to leave the office for dinner or something. He wouldn't say anything, just look straight at me in the mirror with a lustful and commanding look on his face. He would lock the door, come right up behind me, and press his entire body into mine, wrap his large hands around my hips softly. I would feel his heart beating against my back, making mine race even more. I'd feel his breath sink into my skin. 

He'd take everything out of my hands, one by one, still not saying anything. He'd grasp my hands in his, interlocking his fingers expertly between mine, then place them on the basin. He would kiss the back of my neck, starting from just behind one ear across to the other, eliciting soft gasps from me.

His hands would begin to roam up my sides and around to my breasts, which he would grab hold of and squeeze gently while meeting my gaze in the mirror, his beard still tickling my neck. He would have to bend his legs slightly, but he would align his cock with my arse and just rub up and down, stroking himself against my arse cheeks through his jeans, before pulling my hips back towards him forcing me to bend over the sink slightly, better positioning him to grind his cock on my covered pussy.

Suddenly he would hike my skirt up and massage my arse cheeks in his ginormous hands. In what seems like one swift motion, he would undo his jeans and pull my underwear down just far enough to expose my now-soaked pussy. We glance at each other for a fleeting moment in the mirror, then, with one hand on my hip and the other in the middle of my back, he would slide his hard cock inside me, making me sigh in pleasure. He would enter me slowly and teasingly then start to get a good rhythm, grunting quietly with every few thrusts. I imagine his dick to be sizeable - he's tall so I imagine it proportional to his body, with a nice girth that stretches me. 

He would glide his hand all the way down my back; the contrast of the steady thrusting and the delicate touch bringing me closer to the edge. His hand would come to caress my breast; he would roll the nipple between his thumb and finger. Then, with one hand on my breast and the other on my hip, we'd stare at each other in the mirror as he increases the speed and force until he is furiously fucking me. I'd reach down to play with my pussy and his eyes follow my hand, although he can't see me playing with myself. I'd begin to make tiny moans as I get close to my orgasm. The sounds would make him start pounding me even faster, increasing the rate at which I'm moaning until I let out one big moan as I come hard, bracing myself against the basin and tilting my head back in pleasure. My pussy tightens around his cock and with one last thrust I'd feel him pulse and shoot off inside me. While he is still coming I'd pull away, spin around, kneel down and take his twitching cock in my mouth, swallowing the last spurts of cum and cleaning my own juices of his cock and balls. This would all take him by surprise and elicit another moan before he moves my head as his cock has become too sensitive. We'd clean up discreetly and he'd leave the bathroom while I finish getting ready.

My daze was broken when I saw him approaching the car, wearing the usual chino jeans, dark sweater and huge grin. He opened the boot and said hello while he put his stuff in then hopped in the passenger seat. I have a hatchback so he was folded up a bit, but it was cute. He said hello again, with the grin as I started up the car. 

"You weren't looking, I was at the window doing a striptease for you," he said, grinning.

"Oh fantastic, sorry I missed it," I replied in my trademark sarcasm. Great, the flirting has started already. 

"The house was tidy, the kids were well-behaved, Anna was going to pretend to be nice to you, you could've come up."

"Oh well had I known that I definitely would have, especially that last one, how inviting!"

"Yes... well when I told her I was getting a lift with you today, she asked which one you were, and I replied with 'the one that's going to replace you'". 

I laughed and rolled my eyes, my usual response to his flirtatious remarks. Leading a research group of 6 or so females, Anna was not a huge fan of any of ours. 

"I thought by now you should know what to make jokes to her about, and what to keep in your mouth!"

"I do but it's too fun to try and get a reaction. We've talked about this!"

"I know I know. You can't help but try to get a rise out of me and I can't help but resist; it makes you try harder."

"Exactly, and I will keep trying, because I'm not good at failing."

With that, we started onto a conversation about failing, which led to a conversation about succeeding, and goals, and moving, and so on and so forth until we were almost there. Just as we turned off the highway, we started to discuss our extended families, and he divulged that his dad, brother and uncle had all had infidelities, and that he was the black sheep in that respect. I didn't want to pry too much, and it was good timing to finish the conversation and part ways for the day. But not before he could make another comment about my body.

"Woah, you've got calves," he complimented.

"Aahh... yeah," I replied, self-conscious of how dry my legs were from the cold weather. He could only see the bottom part of my legs though, as I was wearing three-quarter length tights. I suspected he was looking at my arse first. 

"Please don't look at my legs, they're so dry." 

"I wasn't, I just noticed them. I don't have calves," he said disappointedly.

"Well, go to the gym!" I paid for the parking and he walked me to my office building before heading to his own.

***

On the way to the gym, I thought about the way he looked at me and complimented me. Did he like me? Or just think I was hot? He seemed to always have a twinkle in his eye when he saw me. But was it just attraction? Or something more? He seemed to really like my little afternoon drop ins; some afternoons when I needed a computer break, or on my way back from the lab, I would drop by his office. Sometimes I made up an excuse to see him, other times it was just to say hello. Occasionally I took him chocolate. He always had a way of getting me to stay longer than I intended. Not that I didn't want to, I just didn't want to take up too much of his time. But he seemed to like opening up to me about things going on his life, inside and outside of work. Occasionally, I dropped by because I felt as though I looked good that day, and wanted him to see me. 

I imagined wearing a particular dress I owned; a black and white polka dot t-shirt dress that buttoned up. It was fitted in the bodice, and flared slightly at the waist. And it had pockets! I liked wearing it because it was flattering on my figure, with just enough cleavage for the imagination to run wild. Plus, the pockets made it practical. My nails were painted dark red; I knew he liked them freshly done. My hair was clean, blow dried and let down. 

His door is open but I knock anyway, as I walk in.

"Caramello, mint or strawberry?" I ask, referring to the Cadbury koala chocolates in my hand.

"Caramello please," he says, welcoming the sugar hit. 

"Lucky I got two of those, they're my favourite!"

"Mine too. Thank you," he says in his deep, smooth voice.

"You're welcome," I say as I spin around to leave.

"Hey, where are you going? Aren't you going to sit and eat it with me?" he asks, seeming to want the company.

"Sure, I just didn't want to take up too much of your time," I reply. He shakes his head.

I sit down on one of the chairs on the other side of his desk, crossing my legs.

"Well don't you look lovely today?" he exclaims, looking me up and down. "You've even done your nails!"

I knew he would notice. "Yep, did them last night. Blow dried my hair too, would you believe it?"

"I would, it looks very nice."

"What've you been up to?" I ask, biting into my chocolate.

"Just working on this grant. It's good to have a break though. What about you?"

"Working on the review paper figures."

"Oh good."

"Have you got a bin over there?"

I stand up closer to the desk to have a look as I can't see one from where I was sitting.

"Sure do," he says, pointing to little bin under his desk.

"Reckon I can get it in?" I ask, referring to the chocolate wrapper.

"If you don't, I get to eat the strawberry koala."

I laugh, "Ok, and if I do?"

"You get to keep it."

"Lucky me!"

With that, I lean over his desk and aim my shot.

"Mmm, that's not a bad view," he says cheekily, not bothering to hide the fact he is only about 30cm away from my breasts. I look down and realise one of the buttons has come undone. There's still plenty hidden, but he was getting a good preview. "I'll do it up for you, so we can both concentrate."

"Fine," I agree, pretending I objected a little. I didn't. 

He does the button up very carefully, but I can feel him shaking ever so slightly. He was making sure not to touch me too much, but his hands are so big they brush against my nipples, making them strain against my bra. 

"There," he says proudly, after what seems like an eternity. He pauses for a moment with his hands on the button then skims his fingertips across my chest where the buttons were already open. I breathe in, surprised and aroused by his boldness.

"I'm sorry, I couldn't help it. You have beautiful skin."

"Thankyou. Its ok. Now let me take the shot!"

I line up the bin again, throw, and miss.

"Haha, pay up! And you can pick the wrapper up, please."

"OK, OK."

I walk around to his side of the desk and quickly put the wrapper in the bin, then half sit-half lean on his desk. His head is roughly level with my breasts again.

"Where's the other chocolate?"

"In my pocket. Do you want it?"

"Yes please."

"You can get it then."

He looks up at me in disbelief and I give him a mischievous smile. He still looks unsure, so I pick up his hand and put it in my pocket. His hand is slightly sweaty; I must be making him nervous. I glance down at his crotch and sure enough, there's a distinct bulge. As if it knows what's happening, my button pops open again, inviting his eyes to be drawn back down. 

This seems to snap him into action and his hand starts exploring my inner thigh through my pocket while he pries the top of my dress open a little more, undoing another button. He plants a soft kiss on my chest, his beard tickling the top of my breasts. His lips are so broad and much softer than I imagined. I had thought for so long about how they would feel on my skin. He trails kisses down my cleavage, switching from breast to breast, until his face is buried. 

His other hand has moved out of my pocket and slips under my dress, gently stroking the inside of my thigh from just behind my knee up to my pussy, getting closer with every stroke. He finally feels my wetness and murmurs something into my breasts, the combination of the vibrations and his beard arousing me further. He undoes one more button so he has better access to what's beneath my bra. Just as he flicks his tongue out to glide across my nipple he slips a finger inside me and teases me by not sliding it all the way in. He groans at how wet I am and slides his thumb towards my engorged clitoris, rubbing it softly before applying more pressure and letting his finger continue exploring me. 

My head tilts back in pleasure and he takes this opportunity to plant kisses up my chest and neck, all the while slowly plunging his finger in and out of my wet snatch. He continues to rub his thumb across my clit and I am getting so close. He skilfully inserts a second finger to better fill me. He engulfs a breast into his mouth and bites down on my nipple before flicking his tongue over it. He begins to tap one finger against the roof of my vagina to meet his thumb and it doesn't take much of this to make me come. I let out a couple of high pitched, shallow moans as my body tenses, before a deep, long moan of relief as I relax. He lets out a moan of his own as he can feel my pussy tighten around his fingers. 

He slowly withdraws his fingers and I pass him a tissue, then plant a kiss on his cheek. I walk back around the desk, buttoning my dress. He looks a combination of stunned and pleased.

"You didn't get your strawberry koala."

"Oh, I got something better."

On my way out I turn around and say with a wink, "You can bring the chocolates next time."