 The following is fictional. Names, and locations have been made up and are not meant to depict real people, living or deceased. These stories also depict dangerous, unprotected sexual situations. In this day and age of STDs, please be careful and wear protection!

This is an adults only story. If you are underage in the community you live in, please do not go any further. Thank you and happy reading!

Tales From the Four Sisters Saloon

1 Becomes 2

After that first night with Carla, things progressed at a rapid pace. In addition to being a partner at the bar, Carla was also becoming a partner in bed on a regular basis. I'm not talking every day, at least, not at the start. No, things went slowly at first, and then the pace picked up rapidly after the first six months. 

Carla was insatiable in bed. Between servicing her and servicing the love of my life Cindy, I was getting wore out. Not that I was complaining mind you. Carla was just about a cup size bigger than my wife and we used that difference to titty fuck ourselves senseless numerous times. There's nothing like the feeling of your cock sliding between two well lubricated breasts. The fact that, like my wife, Carla loved to wear my come and swallow it regularly just made it that much more pleasurable.

Their is nothing finer in life, to me anyway, than to have two gorgeous women sucking on your cock. The first time I got to experience this was when Cindy and Carla decided to make our twosomes into threesomes. This happened about two months after Carla moved in. Cindy and I like to practice some light bondage and punishment every now and then. I can't tell you the number of times I've had her tied to the bed and spanked her ass to a nice cherry red color. She's returned the favor quite a few times herself by tying me to the bed and doing some spanking of her own. Our bondage sessions are usually followed by all out animalistic sex. Luckily, we live far enough away from our neighbors that our screams of passion are never heard. Cindy is quite vocal and loves to talk dirty when she comes. 

This particular night, Cindy and I thought we were alone. Carla had taken over a lot of the responsibilities in relation to the bar, so much so that Cindy and I were able to stay home, from time to time, and have fun, lots of fun. This particular night I had Cindy tied, spread eagle, to our four post bed. I was busy pleasuring her with my hands and mouth while she was busy screaming out her orgasms.

"Oh God Tommy. Eat me baby, make me come like the slut whore I am. Oh Christ honey, that feels wonderful!"

I plunged my tongue in and out of her pussy. Her wails became more fervent when I started to massage her G-spot with my finger. When I concentrated on her clit, she exploded in orgasm.

"Oh you dirty fucker. Eat me. Suck my pussy dry, you fucking stud!"

"Your wish is my command my love," I replied, in between mouthfuls of pussy.

I untied her legs and pushed them up over my shoulders. She squeezed my head tight between her thighs as I licked her to yet another orgasm. I pushed her legs off to the side a bit to allow me better access to her cunt. She raised her hips to meet my face and I sucked at her clit. She let out one long, drawn out wail as her pussy soaked my face. 

"Oh damn Tommy, that feels so fucking good"

"Wait, it's about to get better"

I moved myself up over her body. I positioned the head of my cock at her pussy and thrust forward. The look on her face was priceless as I buried myself balls deep in her cunt. She was trying to get her arms out of the bindings, but it was useless. My Boy Scout knot training really comes in handy sometimes. I fucked her at a pretty good pace and she was thrusting her hips up to match my strokes. I watched in amazement as her tits swayed to the rhythm. I love watching her tits move when I fuck her. I latched on to one of her nipples and genty pulled on it with my teeth. Cindy swore and then had a huge orgasm. She almost bucked me off but I was able to hold on and stay inside of her. As I slowed my pace, I felt something tickle my balls. When I looked up in the mirror, I saw Carla smiling at me. She had one hand on my nuts and another down her jeans. 

"Mind if I cut in?" She asked.

indy almost had a heart attack. "Jesus fucking Christ! Don't you ever knock? You fucking scared the shit out of me!"

"Sorry Sis, but you two looked very busy and I didn't want to stop the fun by knocking. Besides, your bedroom door is wide open. Why bother knocking if the door's open?"

I pulled my cock out of Cindy's pussy. Carla asked if I needed to be cleaned off. Well, I'm not gonna turn that down so I let her lick my cock clean of her sister's come.

"Mmm, tasty," she murmured.

"Hey, someone want to untie me here?" Cindy asked.

"In due time my hot, sexy lover. Right now, I'm enjoying your sister's mouth on my dick. I'll be with you in a minute."

Cindy watched as Carla sucked me deep into her mouth. She watched as Carla's tongue snaked out and licked my balls. 

"Damn Cindy, had I known you tasted this good, I would have snuck into your bed and had my way with you when we were younger."

"Now Carla, no talking with your mouth full," came Cindy's reply.

Carla settled back into sucking my cock. She alternated short strokes that just covered the head to deep strokes that hit the back of her throat. I felt my balls tighten and warned Carla I was about to come. She just looked up into my eyes and swallowed my load.

"Great, now that you guys are done, can someone please untie me?" Cindy whined.

As I reached up to untie Cindy's hands, Carla stopped me. "Not yet lover boy, not yet."

"Carla, this isn't funny, now untie me now!" 

"In due time my dear little sister. Right now, Tommy and I are going to fuck and you're going to watch. Grab her other leg Tommy, I don't want her moving around so much."

I grabbed Cindy's right leg and retied it to the bed post. Cindy shot me a dirty look but I just shrugged. What was I to do? 

"Don't worry Sis, you'll have a bird's eye view of the sex." With that, Carla took off her clothes and got on the bed. "I think you're going to like this, a lot."

Carla straddled her sister's head. I was shocked! Cindy was pretty ticked off but, since she was tied up, there was nothing she could do. 

"Okay Tommy boy, come give your sister in law a good fucking. I'm sure Cindy won't mind, will you dear?"

Cindy was about to protest but Carla stopped her dead in her tracks by lowering her head and kissing Cindy's pussy. Cindy's eyes got big and wide as her sister began to eat her pussy. I took up my position behind Carla and pushed my revived cock into her cunt.

"Oh yes, that feels wonderful Tommy. Fuck my hot cunt with your lovely dick" Carla moaned.

Now, I'd like to tell you that my loving wife was a very enthusiastic partner in all of this but then, I'd be lieing to you. Oh she loved having her pussy licked by Carla, but no matter what Carla tried, Cindy would not return the favor. I finally resorted to pulling my cock out of Carla's pussy and having Cindy suck Carla's juices off my dick. In time, Cindy learned to eat pussy just as well as Carla does, but this first time, she wasn't having any of it.

I entered Carla's slick cunt and started to really pound her from behind. Every once in a while, Cindy would lick my balls and shaft but wouldn't come near her sister's pussy. Carla, meanwhile, was giving Cindy the pussy licking of a lifetime. That girl really knows how to lick a cunt and she had Cindy coming in no time. 

I had Carla switch positions. She got between Cindy's outstretched legs and I moved in behind her. Cindy was beside herself in pleasure. She was thrashing about wildly on the bed but was very frustrated since she was still tied up. She thrust her hips up into Carla's face and was moaning and groaning the whole time. I continued to fuck Carla from behind, but when it came time to come, I pulled out and offered my dick to Cindy. She sucked the head of my cock into her mouth and I came. She choked a bit but soon got into a nice rhythm and sucked me dry. 

I finally pulled my deflated cock out of Cindy's mouth. I looked down to see Carla untying Cindy's legs and giving them a massage. I undid Cindy's arm restraints and rubbed some life back into her arms. She was still shaking from her orgasms when Carla and I joined her on the bed. We fell asleep spooning one another only to be awoken by the ringing of the phone...