 The following is fictional. Names, and locations have been made up and are not meant to depict real people, living or deceased. These stories also depict dangerous, unprotected sexual situations. In this day and age of STDs, please be careful and wear protection!

This is an adults only story. If you are underage in the community you live in, please do not go any further. Thank you and happy reading!

*

Fran and Amy Join the Sexcapades

Fran and Amy were back within the month to take their place beside myself, Carla and Cindy, as co-owners of the Four Sisters Saloon. Their parent's house sold rather quickly and Fran and Amy packed up and moved in with us. It was good to see the sisters back together again as a family. Fran and Amy stepped right in and learned the business from the ground up, working as waitresses, then hostesses and working behind the bar. They had no problem catching on quickly and were up to speed in no time.

Cindy, Carla and I continued our little trysts but in a more careful and subdued manner. We needn't have worried as it turns out. Fran and Amy had always seemed a bit reserved when it came to sexual things. Fran, had she been Catholic, might have been a nun, at least in the way she dressed. Tops up to her neck, arms rarely exposed and a large selection of jeans and pants. Rarely did I see her in shorts or a skirt. Amy, the youngest, also seemed kind of shy when conversations turned towards sex talk. She would blush and stammer and excuse herself when things got too racy. Never in my wildest imagination would I suspect these two to be the hotties I discovered they were.

Carla and I had been out on a "nature" walk around our property near the house. We had found ourselves a nice clearing which we thought was well sheltered from the path. It was wonderful being out in the open. Carla was wearing a tight tank top, sans bra, and a nice, tight pair of jean shorts. God was she hot! 

My wife Cindy was taking care of the bar, along with Amy and Fran. Carla and I figured we'd have some fun before heading into town later to relieve the ladies and decided to take the sex outdoors for a change of pace.

The day was gorgeous, mid 70s for temps, low humidity and not a cloud in the sky. We spread our blanket on the grass.

"You in for some nude sunbathing Tommy?" Carla asked.

"Why not? It's the perfect day for it." I quickly replied.

As she went to remove her top I stopped her. "Let me take care of that for you."

I stepped over to her and kissed her deeply. I let my hands travel over her body. The feel of her skin was intoxicating. I ran my hands over her ass and squeezed her to me. Carla ground her hips into my crotch and we were off and running.

I started to take her top off. I went very slowly, kissing my way, from her waist up to the bottom of her breasts. I licked and nibbled and sucked my way to her breasts. Carla's breathing had quickened and her breasts heaved against her top. 

I exposed one breast and then the other, stopping to kiss and suck each nipple. God, I love the ladies' nipples. Each of the sisters had gorgeous breasts and nipples. Sure there was some sag to the breasts, but damn it, they were natural, full, heavy and I just loved to feel that weight in my hands.

Carla was getting very excited by now. It must have been driving her crazy to have me move so slowly. After worshipping her tits, I finally removed the top. Her breasts sprang free and bounced delightfully as I knelt before her.

"And now, for the main event." I smiled.

I kissed my way around her shorts. I ran my tongue down into her shorts along the waistband. I could hear Carla suck in her breath as I made my way around her body. By the time I reached the leg openings of her shorts, Carla was a horny, quivering mess. I could smell her excitement. 

There's nothing sexier than the scent of a woman in heat. I slowly lowered the zipper on her shorts and unsnapped them. I let the shorts fall to her ankles and admired the hot pink thong she had on. I had her turn around so I could admire her panties. I kissed every inch of her ass and let my tongue wander down to her pussy. 

"Oh Christ Tom, I have to sit down. My legs are like jello." Carla moaned.

I had her lie back and I moved between her legs. I inhaled her sweet scent and got busy licking at her pussy. I left her thong on and ran my tongue around the fabric covering her pussy. Cindy loves it when I do this so I figured I'd try it with Carla, I was not disappointed.

As soon as my tongue touched the fabric of her thong, Carla was humping at my face. I looked up to see her lightly caressing her nipples and breasts. Her eyes were closed and her breathing was heavy. I ran my hands over her legs and up to her breasts. I took over the breast play and began to tug and pull on her nipples.

"Oh you fucker, that feels so good. Tug on my titties. Shit."

I tugged and pinched and pulled on her nipples, all the while sucking her pussy through her thong. She came, violently, grabbing my head and calling me every name in the book. Her thong was soaked with her juices. I just hung on for dear life and rode our her orgasm.

"Oh dear brother-in-law, that was good, but you have to fuck me now with that gorgeous cock of yours."

I slid her thong off and mounted her. I grabbed both her legs and put them over my shoulders. I positioned the head of my cock at her cunt opening and pushed. I slid in balls deep on the first thrust. 

I fucked Carla like a madman. We hit just about every position too, out there in the bright sunshine. We fucked missionary; we fucked doggy; we fucked cowgirl and reverse cowgirl; we 69'd, I fucked her face. At one point, I had her pinned, face down, on the blanket and fucked her until she passed out briefly. We ended our session in a 69 with me on top, face fucking her until I blew my load down her throat. She was having a hard time concentrating though, as I was busy tongue fucking her and nipping at her clit. She soaked my face and the blanket with her come. We were both spent, so we headed off back to the house, naked, walking hand in hand. I checked the messages on the answering machine. The shit had hit the fan!

After showering and getting ready, Carla and I headed into town for the Four Sisters Saloon. I filled her in on the message we had received and she looked worried. Cindy hadn't left much more than a "We need to talk, NOW" message on the machine so I didn't have details. 

"You think she's mad?"

"She sounded mad, but didn't tell us what about."

As soon as we walked in the door, I could see there was trouble. Fran, upon seeing us enter quickly looked away. Amy was helping out behind the bar and seemed to be clueless as to what was going on. Cindy called us over and walked us back to the office. This must be serious, I thought to myself.

As soon as the door closed behind us, Cindy turned and kissed me deeply.

"Fooled ya, didn't I?" She smiled.

"What the fuck woman, you had us worried!" Carla exclaimed.

"Oh, there's enought trouble to go around but it's nothing horribly serious. I just needed to put on a front for our dear sister's sake. Fran saw you two fucking in the woods!"

Oh shit! How the hell are we going to explain this? My expression must have given me away because Cindy just laughed.

"Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, what were you and Carla thinking? Hold that thought, I KNOW what you were thinking. We tried getting a hold of the two of you all morning. I finally sent Fran out to see what was going on. We needed your signatures on some checks and couldn't raise either one of you. Thankfully, it was only Carla 'getting a rise out of you.' You had us worried and now, Fran is quite upset. I don't know how we're going to explain this one."

Carla opened her mouth but quickly shut it. I didn't have an answer either, so the three of us let it rest for the moment. We headed back out to the bar and finished up the day. 

At closing time, we said goodnight to the other staff and closed the doors. Fran had avoided us all night and seemed in a hurry to leave. Cindy convinced her to stay so that we could "get to the bottom of things". I guess Amy had been told what happened since she had a disgusted look on her face.

We retreated to one of the tables and sat down. Shit, here it comes!

"Okay, first off, I just want to say, Fran, thank you for alerting me to what was going on at home. I appreciate your honesty and your courage to approach me with the facts."

Fran shot Carla and I a dirty look but continued to listen to Cindy.

"I'm sure Carla and Tommy are sorry for what they did, but, they shouldn't be. You see Fran and Amy, Carla and I share Tommy. Well, more correctly, Tommy and I have an open relationship."

The looks on their faces were priceless. It was a combination of shock, horror, confusion and bewilderment. Carla, Cindy and I couldn't help but let out a loud laugh.

Fran appeared to be trying to speak but no words were coming out of her mouth. She looked like a fish on dry land, opening and closing her mouth. Amy for her part was just beet red. She hid her face in her hands and just shook her head.

"I should have known something was going on." Amy mumbled, "Carla and Tommy just seemed too comfortable with one another. I was heading for the bathroom the other day and I saw them exchange a quick kiss in the hallway. How long have the three of you been 'sharing' one another?"

Fran was still trying to formulate words that were comprehendable.

"Oh, I'd say since the time I came out here to live," replied Carla.

"Yeah, that sounds about right." Cindy added.

I was keeping my mouth shut. No use getting in any deeper than I already was. 

"Okay, now I'm really pissed!" exclaimed Fran. "We've been out here almost three months and none of you thought to invite Amy and I in on this little fun fest that's going on? I mean, come on, we're grown ups here, right? Besides, from what I saw, Tommy seems to be pretty good at pleasuring a woman."

I spit up my drink at this point. This is NOT going where I think it is, is it? Yeah, damn straight it did. 

"Honey, it looks like you're about to get a whole lot busier." Cindy chuckled. I was amazed at how quickly Amy and Fran regained their composure. The five of us were soon joking around and talking about what we liked to have done to us while having sex. Fran and Amy were much more experienced than I thought and were well conversed in regards to sexual wants and needs.

Later that night, the five of us had family orgy night at the house. We tried all kinds of different combinations. I was a very busy man that night. My cock was raw by the end of it. At one point, I had a sister on my face, a sister on my cock and one each on the dildos I held in my hands. The ladies would spend five minutes on each of my body parts before one of them would yell, "Switch," and the four of them would move around to the next position. 

I was in heaven! I ate more pussy that night than I have in my entire life. My cock got all kinds of attention, including a four way suck off that left me emotionally and physically drained. I enjoyed every last second of it! It was fun to play with the different body types: Carla and her big tits; Cindy and her girl next door looks; Fran with her long legs; and Amy, with her athletic build and tight ass. I got to enjoy them all that night and continue to do so today. Although each of them married, we still get together whenever they feel the need for something different. It's been a hell of a ride so far.