 You and I get to the hotel first. It's the Liberty Inn. You know where that is right? The 2 girls come up after we arrive. One is a dark skinned black woman. Her friend is Latina. Little and cute. She has dyed red hair touching her shoulders and huge tits. The black girl is about your height, but she's wearing stilettos so she looks taller. Not too big tits, but a great big firm ass. I can see your hard on through your pants as you eye both women. You look at me and smile. I get things going. I'm orchestrating this rendezvous for you, for us.

You sit on the edge of the bed and I tell the girls to strip for you. First the black chick. She slowly undresses in front of you, teasing you, wagging her butt in your face. She's wearing a white lace thong that shows up brightly against her dark smooth skin. She has long beautiful legs that stretch a mile on top of the stilettos. Her tits are medium sized but perky. She holds them in her hands and pushes them into your face. You stick out your tongue to catch her nipple, but you miss and I laugh.

Now it's the latina girl's turn to strip for you. She undresses, but leaves on her lacey red bra and matching thong. Her titties are big. They're spilling out over the top of the bra. You can see just a crescent of her dark brown aureole peeking out of the bra. I swear I think I see you drooling. You're face is flushed and you're sweating a little.

I've taken off my clothes, but I leave on my black lace demi bra and matching black lace thong. I'm sitting on a chair close to the bed. I'm getting wet watching you watch the girls. I finger my pussy a little and lick off my juices. The girls look at me for their next queue. I smile at them and nod my permission. They take you by the hand and stand you up and take off your clothes. They're experts at what they do and I'm pleased that you're enjoying all the attention. They remove your shirt, your pants, socks and shoes. They know to leave your underwear on and they move their hands over your body, paying close attention to your bulging cock. They can do whatever they want except kiss you. Those lips of yours are reserved for me alone. The Latina girl gets down on her knees in front of you and mouths your cock over the underwear. Her breath feels hot and steamy. I hear you moan. The black girl stands behind you and rubs her tits over your back while she moves her hands over your chest and belly.

I'm getting off just watching your face. You're eyes are closed and your so getting into the sensation. Finally the Latina pulls off your underwear and your dick looks and feels as hard as a metal rod. She takes your stiff shaft into her warm wet mouth. She's got full red lips that engulf your cock. You're breathing hard. You can't believe this is happening. I am so hot for you. I'm playing with my pussy watching you get your dick sucked. Oh my!! 

It's time to move things along. I don't want you popping off too quickly. I tell the black chick to lay down on the bed. She spreads her legs wide, gets her knees up and you get a nice long look at her juicy black pussy. Her inner lips are pink and glistening. You get down on your knees and pull her towards the edge of the bed and get your face down into her pussy. I can hear you eating her, slurping those black cherry pussy lips. She grabs the back of your head. You can't get enough. I get busy with the latina chick. She's sucking my pussy juice off my finger then starts eating me while I'm sitting in the chair. Watching you eating the black girl is too much for me. That little Hispanic honey is eating my pussy so good and I cum quickly. I explode all over her cute little face. Her bottom lip is wet with my cum it's dripping down her chin.

I can see your hard erect cock bobbing up and down as you graze on that black pussy. I get up from my chair and stand behind you. I reach down between your legs and stroke your dick, cup your balls. I feel you shiver with the pleasure of my touch. I know that you're ready to stick that dick in some pussy. I want to watch you fuck someone else. 

The black girl is fine with getting her pussy licked and sucked and I want to see you fuck that hot little Latina. I tell Ebony to move up on the bed and have Jasmine take your place between Ebony's legs. Jasmine has her JLo butt up in the air just waiting for you. You stand up and we embrace. You kiss me and I can smell and taste that black pussy on your mouth. Her juices are all over your beard. I take a step back from you and rub the tip of your dick on my throbbing clit. I almost cum again, but I want you to fuck Jasmine now and you can't wait either.

With her big round fleshy butt up, you kneel down to bury your face between her ass cheeks before you get to fucking her. You knead those cheeks and slap them a couple of times. You stick a finger into her pussy. It slides easily into her moist warm hole. You wipe her juice across my lips and kiss me. Mmmm, it's so good. I whisper into your ear, "go fuck her now. Fuck her good, for me." I don't have to tell you twice. I've never seen your cock, bigger, harder more erect. God, I want that cock in my pussy, but it's Jasmine's turn to feel that wonderful dick in her pussy. You guide yourself into her and your eyes close for just a second. She stops licking Ebony as she gasps from you penetrating her. She looks ecstatic as you start stroking in and out of her hot wet hole.

I'm back to sitting on the chair by the bed and I'm fingering my own hole. Ebony looks over in my direction as Jasmine is eating her out and you're fucking Jasmine's tight little cunt. I want to be involved in the fray and Ebony beckons me over to her edge of the bed. She invites me to sit on her face and I straddle her as I'm facing you. I lower myself onto her waiting mouth. She nibbles my pussy lips and licks it back and forth. I'm watching as you fuck Jasmine. 

Jasmine is moaning and saying "Oooo poppy that's so good, fuck me good poppy, fuck me good. I love your cock in my pussy."

You're turned on more and more as she talks to you. You're fucking her harder and faster, slamming your body into her pussy, pushing your cock way up inside her. I can hear her too. The sound of her voice, her moans, the sound of your hips slapping up against her big round ass cheeks and Ebony sucking my clit while I sit on her face makes me moan out load too as I cum in her mouth. There's so much juice pouring out of my quivering pussy that she has to gulp it down. Now you're ready to cum for the first time. You say it out loud as you watch me cum. One long moan emanates from your mouth, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming" you say and you grab Jasmine's hips and thrust into her. But you pull out at the last second and cum all over her back. I can see you spurting that hot sticky ooze as you slide your cock up and down Jasmine's ass crack.

Ebony sucks up the rest of my cum until my pussy stops pulsating. I disengage my pussy from her mouth. I come over to you. I take your cock in my mouth and clean it with my lips and tongue. You know how much I love your cum. I don't want to waste any of it and I turn to Jasmine's back. I lean over her and start to lick and suck your cum off her lower back and ass crack. You can't believe it. You're so hot for me watching me do that to her.

When I'm done with my cleaning "chore" you pull me back up. Even though my lips are still wet and sticky from licking up your cum you take my face in your hands kiss me deeply, sucking on my tongue, licking my lips. You can taste yourself on me. You wrap me in your arms and hold me tightly. You've just cum, but we both know that you'll be ready to cum again after a little rest. I can't wait until it's my turn to feel that cock in my pussy.

In just a few minutes you're ready to go again. This time it's my turn. I want you so bad. The girls make room for us on the bed. I lay down face up and open my legs wide. You lay down on top of me. I can feel your weight and you lube up your cock and guide it into my waiting, quivering snatch. It slides in easily and I gasp with desire. It feels incredible. You stroke in and out slowly, deliberately, taking your time with me. You're looking at my face, looking deep into my eyes.

I'm looking right back at you. I love the look you get on your face when you're inside me. You tell me how fantastic my pussy feels surrounding your cock because it's MY pussy. As hot as those other chicks are, it's me you desire above all else. You know how I love to hear those words and it makes me even hotter for you. 

You push against my clit with each stroke into me and each stroke brings me closer to cumming. I'm starting to quiver beneath you. You're kissing me, pulling at my tongue, biting my lips with your mouth. I feel my orgasm begin to grow, begin to spread outward from my body. My pussy is spasming with the force of my orgasm. You can feel it on your cock, squeezing it with my pussy muscles. Oh, how wonderful you make me feel. 

I want you to cum inside me. But not in my pussy. I want to feel that big beautiful dick in my asshole. When you pull out of me my pussy juices spill out too. Jasmine comes over to lick up whats left from between my legs and Ebony cleans your cock with her mouth.

I turn over on the bed and you straddle the back of my legs. Jasmine straddles my back too and pulls my ass cheeks apart for you. You can see my hole, pink and wet, waiting for you to penetrate it. Ebony slathers more lube onto your cock and in and around my asshole and guides your cock into it. It's been a while since you fucked my asshole and it takes a little work getting your dick into me. Jasmine licks her finger and puts it into my hole to open me up and relax me. Then you put your finger in too. Soon I'm relaxed enough to accommodate your big hard cock. You inch the head of your cock in slowly and carefully until the whole thing is in my ass. It makes me feel so full and I can feel the pressure in my clit.

You stroke in and out slowly but steadily as I become accustomed to having you in my asshole. The feeling of you fucking me that way excites me so much and you know it. Jasmine gets off my back and stands to the side of me. She works her hand underneath my torso to reach my pussy. She finds my clit with her finger and is rubbing it back and forth while you fuck me. The feeling is so incredible. My body starts to tremble and you can feel my pussy tighten up as I reach another climax. My breathing is raspy and my voice hoarse as I moan loudly when I cum all over her hand. You're moaning too that you're cumming and we climax together as you pump your cum into me.

I want this to last forever, but alas, it does not. Your cock falls out of me and you collapse next to me on the bed. It's over and the girls bid us good night and leave. You're very happy and satisfied and I'm happy that you're happy and satisfied as well. We have a few minutes before either of us has to leave and we hold each other for those few minutes that we have left. And suddenly it's time to go...