 It was a long, hard night. Literally. After the all too brief encounter with Fran after the funeral I was left with many questions and a raging cock.

I tried to sleep; it had been a long day. The funeral and the wake had sapped me enough but then Fran and the washing machine had awoken a long-suppressed urge. The more I tried not to think of our all too brief tryst the more I remembered. I ended up taking my cock in hand and stroking myself to the memory of her standing in the kitchen in her bra and panties. The image of her rock-hard nipples barely covered by the lace of her bra caused me to increase the tempo of my rubbing. Watching her walk to the laundry room, her panties riding high on her ass caused me to utter a moan of lust. The feel of her pussy in my hand, my fingers buried deep inside her, caused me to let loose a jet of cum that splattered me from mid chest to my cock. My god, with just that brief of an encounter and I was completely losing control of myself. Every fiber in my body just wanted to go to her home and bury my dick in the velvet folds of her pussy. After releasing my pent up cum I was finally able to drift to sleep.

The next day was spent at my fathers going through the possessions of my mother. We tried to figure out what to keep and what to toss. It evolved into a scavenger hunt for the ugliest item we could find and then make a story explaining why she had bought it. I won with a fox head stole that had seen better days twenty years ago. It was good therapy; we were all laughing together remembering our mother for all her good and all her quirky tastes. At eight fifteen we called it quits. My sisters bundled my father into the car to take him out for dinner and a night away from memories while I stayed behind to clean up the mess we had created in our games and memories.

About eight forty-five, just after my family had left, there was a knock on the door. Dreading a neighbor coming to offer condolences, I opened the front door to find Fran standing there in a black t-shirt and jean shorts. "Hey, great to see you. What are you doing here?" I asked, both startled and remembering masturbating to the memory of our encounter the night before. 

It must have shown on my face as she said "Your sister called and told me you guys were done for the night and said you might want company. By the size of that erection, she must have been right" she said with a gleam in her eye that I was sure was matching my hormones. "You going to invite me in or do you expect me to do you here in the doorway?" she asked staring me right in the eye. The brazenness of the comment caught me off guard. I don't know how but my cock just got harder looking into her eyes. I was completely flat footed and just started to stammer incoherently.

After a moment she said "Fine". She dropped there to her knees, both hands moving to my belt. To my utter bewilderment, she deftly flicked my belt open and unfastened my jeans. With both hands she grabbed the tops of my jeans and boxers and tugged them down to my knees. My cock sprang to full attention, freed from the confines of the pants. Frans hands moved from my pants, her left moving up to grab my ass and her right to grasp the base of my cock and she leaned forward and took the entire length in her mouth. 

"My god" I groaned as her warm mouth engulfed my cock in wet heat. My hands moved to her head to keep balance as she started moving her mouth from the top to the bottom of my cock, settling into a hungry pattern of incessant blowing. Her right hand moved from the base of my cock to massage my balls, rubbing and tugging in time with her mouth and head. Her left had grabbed and pulled my ass to force more of my cock into her. She was blowing me like it was the last food on earth for a starving person. As her tempo increased I started to grab her hair in both hands, trying to drive more of my cock into her mouth even though she was taking it all on every downward thrust of her head.

"I'm going to cum...ah shit I'm going to cum" I all but yelled after just a minute of her ministrations on my dick. Every urge in my body was straining to get out through my cock into this woman's mouth and it was not going to be stopped. Right as I was about to cum, Fran moved the fingers of her left had to my sphincter and thrust her middle finger into my ass. I'd never had anyone do that before and the pressure in my ass coupled with the wet suction on my cock caused me to erupt into her mouth. I came and came as she tried to keep a vacuum on my dick. I must have cum for a minute non-stop. I'd never cum like that before! My eyes rolled back into my head as my knees buckled. As I fell to the floor I felt like it was floating in air.

As my orgasm finished I looked up from flat on my back to see Fran still kneeling, right in the doorway to the house, fully dressed with a line of cum dribbling out of her mouth down her chin to land right on top of her tits. Her eyes were smoldering black I swear. I felt like a baby deer facing a lioness.

"Now we're even. I spent the night tossing and turning after you left. I wanted your cock in my pussy so bad it hurt, and I couldn't even play with my vibrator because the kids were in for the night. I had to rub my clit raw just to calm down enough to sleep and by god I'm going to get something hard in my pussy right now!" 

Fran stood up, cum still on her face, door to the world open behind her as she started to strip off what little she had on. Her t-shirt came over her head to be discarded to the floor. She had nothing on underneath. Her nipples were fully hard. Her breasts, riding high and firm on her chest, rose and fell with her panting. Her hands moved down to her shorts and she moved to untie them. With a hurried tug on the strings they dropped to the floor. Again, nothing worn underneath. Her pussy, fully shaven and engorged, was glistening wetness. Her fingers moved down to her lips as she stared at me on the floor. First one, then two, then three fingers were thrust inside, frantically rubbing her pussy and clit. Our eyes were locked onto each other, but I could still see the passion driving her fingers as she was just standing there masturbating in the entry of the house.

"Enough of that! Bring it to me" I growled, all politeness gone in my lust.

Fran stepped forward straddling my legs as she worked her way to my hips. Her fingers kept up their thrusting as she stared at my cock come back to life. She stood over me, mesmerized by the sight of my dick growing to its full size.

Fran started to crouch down over my hips as she reached out for my cock. "No!" I said. "Bring that pussy to my mouth. I want to swallow every bit of your wetness and lick it completely dry". Hesitating only a moment, as if deciding if she wanted my cock or my tongue, she scooted forward over my head, turning her body around before lowering her pussy to my mouth, so that she could see, feel, touch, and taste my cock again.

As her pussy came down my tongue snaked out to begin to lick the folds of her pussy. Her lips were blood red and fully engorged, her vagina open and dripping in anticipation. As my tongue penetrated her folds, I tasted her nectar again. It was heaven. I licked and thrust my tongue further and further into her trying to take it all in my mouth. My hands moved to her hips and clit as I kept up the tasting of her Eden. Lightly I traced circles on her clit, feeling it go from hard to harder. Her hips started to move in motion with my fingerplay, grinding her pussy all over my chin and nose. Her pussy became hotter and hotter as we both kept up our steady thrusting of hips and tongue. Her hands moved down to my cock and she started to stroke it in time. My cock was throbbing, seeking release again as this beautiful woman kept on smashing her pussy into my face. I could feel her juices flow more, her muscles in her stomach and hips begin to tighten as she neared her own release.

"Enough! Get on top now!" I bellowed, completely giving over to my instincts. I pushed her hips off my face and started to move her body down to my hips.

Fran just scooted forward, getting her pussy to my cock as fast as she could. In one thrust she engulfed my cock in her pussy. The heat coming off her was burning my cock but I didn't care. The feeling of her velvet around my shaft made me immediately thrust for all I could, burying myself in her.

I felt Fran push down harder and harder onto my hips as she started to cum. "Oh my fucking god,...I'm cumminnngggggg" she screamed as her orgasm started. I felt my cock and balls being drenched as she started to squirt. My hands moved to her ass and my right hand sought out her hole as she continued to shriek in orgasm. Without thinking, I plunged my first two fingers into her ass causing her to suck in air, startling her moans to silence. Her ass crushed my fingers as her pussy clamped down in a death lock around my cock, her body frozen at the apex of a thrust. Her head snapped back in her orgasm as her hands grasped at my knees. I watched, still trying to force my dick further into her, as her body shuddered, her breath coming in short, rapid panting. I could hold back no longer as I squirted jet after jet of cum into her pussy, losing myself to only feel the pulse of my cock as I came and came.

Fran slowly started to fall forward, ending laying on top of my legs. Her ass and pussy relaxed slowly as her orgasm ended. I lay there, a heap on the floor, with the woman of my fantasies laying on top of me.

As I came back into my body, I heard gentle sobs coming from Fran. "What the fuck did I do to her?" I thought to myself, scrambling from underneath her so I could investigate her face. Was I too rough? Did I injure her when I thrust my fingers into her ass?? I was starting to panic as I brushed the hair from her face.

"Are you hurt? Did I hurt you?? My god, what have I done?" I asked her, combing my fingers threw her hair as I tried to see her face.

"I'm fine" she said. "I've never felt like that before. I've had sex, I've had orgasms, but I've never felt like that before."

"What do you mean?" I asked, confused but relieved she wasn't hurt. There was not way I wanted to hurt this woman, ever!

"I lost myself in you" she whispered. As her eyes slowly tracked up to my face, I could see a fragility in her, an almost childlike look of wonder and shyness. "I don't know why but I trust you completely. I've never felt safe like this before. I was able to let myself go completely with you and I came like never. I was just short of passing out. It was amazing."

"Well, if it's alright with you, that won't be the last of them," I said softly, hoping for a reaction saying she wanted more.

Fran looked directly in my eyes. "There better never be a last of them," she said, a fierce grin spreading across her face. "Now, since we've just given the entire neighborhood a free show, why don't you close the door and fuck me like you mean it."

To Be Continued.