 (Author's note: If you haven't read the previous chapters of "Frank & Cheryl" you might want to, just to know the background on this couple and how they arrived at this point in their building relationship.

Physical descriptions: Frank is a divorced 35 year old, 5'-11" tall, 185 pounds and fit; brown crew cut hair, clean shaven, brown eyes. Cheryl is a never married 32 year old, 5'-01" tall, 110 pounds and very small framed. A-cup close-to-but-not-quite- B-cup chest with highly sensitive nipples. Dirty blond hair that she keeps cut short. They are both into fitness, so Cheryl's body, while petite, is curved and firm.)

- - - - - - - - - -

True to her word, Cheryl woke Frank up with a "good morning blowjob." He was in the midst of a pleasant dream that involved memories of his recent enjoyment of Mary (see previous chapter) mixed in with memories of mixed play times with Cheryl. When he realized what he was feeling wasn't a dream, he opened his eyes and looked down to see Cheryl's blond head moving up and down, her mouth full of his now fully erect cock. He wasn't sure she'd realized he was awake yet, so he selfishly laid his head back down and was as quiet as he could be, just reveling in the pleasure her mouth and hands delivered.

As Cheryl enjoyed sucking him off - and she had told him how much she loved doing so on several occasions - Frank let his mind wander back across the past few months from their first meeting in the dairy department of a local grocery store to their first date that same evening. He vividly remembered there first sexual encounter and was constantly thankful for how energetic and hungry she seemed to constantly be. As he was enjoying his memories, Cheryl forced her mouth farther down on his length, opening her throat and pushing even harder, her tongue reaching out to tickle along his balls and making a deep moan roll of Frank's throat.

Cheryl no doubt heard it but remained where she was with his length fully engulfed, her tongue swirling on his balls and her hands caressing his legs. Frank once again lifted his head to look down at her and stop trying to hold his sounds of pleasure back, moaning and groaning in such a way that it almost sounded like growling. When Cheryl released his cock from her throat she moved one hand to keep stroking it while she lifted her head out of his crotch, smiled up at him and said, "Well... look who's finally awake. Good morning."

Looking down with a big smile on his face Frank replied, "Good morning yourself. Can I return the favor?"

Cheryl's response was a raised eyebrow and then movement as she positioned herself over him in a 69. As she lowered her pussy to his mouth Frank stretched his tongue out as far as it would go so the first contact on her sex was his warm wet tongue slipping into her slit and moving up across her clit as she lowered herself down. She had already taken his cock back in her mouth so the moan that came out of her sent small vibrations through his shaft, making him moan in response, those vibrations moving through her pussy. It was like a feedback loop: the vibrations in her pussy made her moan, sending vibrations through his cock making him moan and sending vibrations through her pussy.

Frank never came fast during morning bouts of sex, but Cheryl seemed able to cum quickly and easily any time of day or night and damned near in any location from what Frank could remember. This particular morning was no exception and Cheryl was cumming against his mouth just a few minutes later, her juices flowing as he sucked her clit hard and lashed it back and forth with his tongue. With his arms wrapped around her hips and his hands full of her ass cheeks, holding them and pulling them apart while also holding her down so she couldn't get away from the sensations of his mouth. When her orgasm had passed, and only when he couldn't feel her hips twitching anymore, Frank eased up on how hard he was holding her down, and as he did he was surprised to see her moving completely away from him. His cock fell from her mouth as she moved over on the bed, rolling onto her back and laying beside him. He propped himself up on one elbow to look down at her, seeking her eyes but enjoying the view up between her spread legs and across her naked body. Her pussy was red and puffy from his oral attentions, open from his tongue fucking and dripping wet. When their eyes met, Cheryl spread her thighs even farther and said, "Come on. Come fuck me. Pound me against the bed as hard as you can." As she spoke she let the fingers of one hand trail between her legs, rubbing across her clit and dipping shallow into her welcoming pussy.

Frank wasn't about to argue as he moved to position his body over hers, ready to reach down and guide his length into her but not having to as she grabbed him and led him in. With his cock half in she let go and laid back, putting her hands above her head and relaxing under him. Looking up at him, her legs spread as wide as she could and her arms back away, almost in surrender, she said, "Now fuck me. Just use my pussy as much as you want." Frank growled out his response as he slammed the remainder of his length into her, watching as her eyes closed and her head fell back in pleasure.

Over the past several weeks he had learned how she liked to be worked against the springs of his bed and he did so now, slamming his length down into her, pulling away and then slamming down again as the bed was bouncing her body back up against him. The spring motion added to the power of his thrusts and their pelvises repeatedly impacted together, her clit and pussy being slapped hard by his skin on every thrust, his full length impaling her almost violently. He had learned that this was her favorite way to be fucked with such hard and fast thrusting in the doggy style position being a close second. She loved being slam-fucked as she called it and the only thing he didn't know was where she'd want his cum when his orgasm was reached.

Cheryl came several times more under his pounding fuck and then he felt his own orgasm finally approaching. She knew the signs and sounds of his pending orgasm and interrupted his hard fucking. "Stop," she said with a wicked grin. "Cum in my mouth," she said, as her hand pushed his chest away. In response, Frank pulled his cock out of her and started to move up on her body but she was quicker, turning her body so her head was positioned under him and all he had to do was lower his hips back down. Her mouth was almost as wet and hot as her pussy, but her tongue made up for the tighter friction of her sex. Before he could thrust his length between her open lips she said, "Fuck my mouth and give me your cum." Then she opened her mouth wide, he sank his cock into it and groaned.

He obviously couldn't fuck her mouth as hard and fast as he had been fucking her pussy. Doing such would probably loosen her teeth and maybe break her nose, not to mention the damage her teeth would do to his length along the way. His thrusts were still full length though as Cheryl's throat was very welcoming. He pulled back until her sucking lips were tightly sealed around just the swollen head of his cock and then he slowly slid forward, feeling her tongue pressing against his shaft, until her nose was buried in his pubis and his manly crown was buried in her relaxed throat. Frank didn't have a huge dick - just over average at about seven inches - but Cheryl was so petite that getting his full length in her mouth still meant some serious deep throating skills. It was one of the greatest surprises he'd enjoyed the first time she gave him head.

Even with the slower thrusting his orgasm didn't take long to peak and soon Cheryl's hand was stroking half his length as the other half remained in her hungry mouth, sucking the cum out of him as it pulsed out with the spasming constrictions of his climax. Cheryl moaned as each sticky glob of cum splashed her tongue, not stopping her stroking or sucking until she couldn't get another drop out. As she released Frank's cock from her lips she squeezed up his length to make sure she'd gotten all of his cum out, and she was rewarded with another small amount which she opened her mouth to accept.

As his vision cleared Frank looked down at his lover, seeing her smile before she made an exaggerated display of swallowing once... twice... three times and then licking her lips in a "that was so tasty" gesture. Frank relaxed and laid down on the bed, as Cheryl moved to lay next to him. He was on his back and she snuggled over, throwing one leg over him and laying her head on his shoulder. Frank lifted his head to her and she raised hers to him, and they kissed briefly, their tongues giving a quick swirl before they both laid their heads back down.

Cheryl let her fingers travel up and down Frank's defined abdomen, appreciating how fit he was and listening to his heart as it gradually slowed after the exertion of such an energetic morning fuck. "Thank you," he said quietly, expressing his gratitude for her having started his day out in such a pleasurable way.

"I feel like I ought to say that to you," replied Cheryl, "Although..." and then she fell silent.

"Although what?" Frank prompted her to finish.

Cheryl chuckled before answering. "Although one load of cum to start the day never seems to really be enough," she giggled. "I feel like I need another couple to really get the day started right."

Frank laughed at her statement but didn't doubt for a second that she was actually that cum hungry. Through the past few months of them being together and all of their sexual play, she had never once objected to taking his cum anywhere he wanted to offer it and she quite often expressed her hunger to have him cum in her mouth. In fact, on one occasion she had complained because it had been too long since he had last given her a mouthful. "Well, maybe," he semi-joked in reply, "we can find another guy to help you out with that some morning."

"Just one?" Cheryl giggled back.

Frank had to laugh. "One more wouldn't be enough?"

"I don't know," Cheryl said. She still had a big smile on her face and Frank couldn't tell from her tone of voice if she was actually joking or being serious. "It might take several to actually give me as much as I can handle."

Frank pulled her close as he said, "We have a long time to figure it out," indicating his outlook toward their future. Cheryl simply moaned out her pleasure, almost purring like a cat as she rubbed her body along the length of his. As her tongue reached for his neck, her hand traveled lower and grasped his semi-erect cock... and their morning started all over again.