 (Author's note: If you haven't read "Frank & Cheryl 01" you might want to just to know the background on this new couple. Physical descriptions: Frank is a divorced 35 year old, 5'-11" tall, 185 pounds and fit; brown crew cut hair, clean shaven, brown eyes. Cheryl is a never married 32 year old, 5'-01" tall, 110 pounds and very small framed. A-cup close-to-but-not-quite- B-cup chest with highly sensitive nipples. Dirty blond hair that she keeps cut short. They are both into fitness, so Cheryl's body, while petite, is curved and firm.)

- - - - - - - - - -

As Frank settled in at his desk to get his work day started, his thoughts were wandering across the past three weeks he'd been enjoying with his new lady friend, Cheryl. He often thought of her as his girlfriend, but he wasn't 100% sure the term applied. He put his coffee cup down on the coaster one of his clients had given him, and got situated at his desk. His computer was asleep but a quick move of the mouse brought it to life. He clicked on the appropriate icon and his browser of choice opened, with all the windows/tabs necessary for his usual work day. The company he worked for was in the midst of setting up leadership training for several government contractors and, as the training coordinator, it was his job to arrange the people who would deliver the training and verify the locations, dates and times. He'd pass that information off to the travel coordinator and then he'd work with the various trainers to make sure they had the most up to date materials.

Frank's caught himself distracted from his work several times that morning as he sipped his coffee and tried to focus on work. His thoughts were full of memories of the times he'd spent with Cheryl in the past three weeks. Having run into her at the grocery store, Frank had remembered her as the girlfriend of a friend of his that he'd since fallen out of touch with. She remembered him as well and they'd had dinner that same evening. Following dinner they'd gone back to her place and the uninhibited energetic sexual encounter that followed had blown Frank's mind. Cheryl had treated him to some of the best sex he'd ever had and when he called her for a follow up date she had seemed equally eager to see him again.

For that three weeks, Frank realized with a smile, they'd seen each other every second or third day, every date ending with them either at her apartment or his house, naked (or mostly so) and attacking each other. Of course, he remembered, there was that one time that they'd taken a late evening walk on the local golf course, which was closed at the time. The weather was beautiful and Frank was shocked when Cheryl started shedding her clothes as they walked in the dark holding hands. He joined her program without hesitation and they'd enjoyed quite a passionate encounter on the 18th green. It was that kind of brazenness that Frank had never experienced in a woman before and Cheryl seemed to have it in abundance.

The work morning passed in what seemed like a slow fashion, but Frank knew it was just because he and Cheryl had made plans for lunch. She was supposed to meet him at his office and they were going to go to a pub that was just around the corner. He glanced at the clock on the computer screen and saw that it wasn't quite eleven; Cheryl was due to meet him at twelve.

- - - - - - - - - -

Cheryl's morning passed in a blur. She knew it was a mix of how busy she was at work combined with how excited she was about her lunch date with Frank. She was good at her job as a program manager for a government contractor, and attacked it with high motivation. She brought energy and creative problem solving to the job and challenged her team to keep up with her. Most people underestimated her, probably due to her petite stature. She'd found that was true as she grew up and in the various jobs she'd held. But she never let it slow her down and the end result was that most of her coworkers ended up with a high regard for her work ethic and professional capabilities.

She was having a hard time focusing this particular morning though. For the past three weeks she'd been dating Frank and while she wasn't quite ready to call him her boyfriend yet, she was honest with herself and admitted she'd like to. They seemed a perfect fit, not only physically - and those memories brought a smile to her face - but also in their personalities, goals, values... hell, even politics, although that had been a very carefully approached conversation.

She was all too aware that many of her previous male friends, and perspective life partners, had been put off by her aggressive and open outlook toward sex. Once again, probably due to her size, many of those men she'd dated had expected her to be timid or submissive and were quite surprised, most pleasantly so, to find that she was neither. A lot of those same men who had thought they were manly and in shape had ended up being submissive to her and few of them could keep up.

Cheryl understood herself without shame or self-criticism. She worked hard to stay in top physical condition because sex was her favorite hobby. She enjoyed a wide variety of activities, but given a choice, she'd pick a good sexual romp with a fit and decently equipped partner every time. She couldn't even begin to count how many men she'd had sex with and if that made her a slut, then she was proud to wear the label. She never took risks with her health but sometimes, she admitted, she probably took some with her safety. She enjoyed the occasional jolt of fear that accompanied some unknown circumstance.

She knew that part of her outlook toward sex was the reality that she couldn't have children. As a teenager when she'd started her menstrual cycle it had been highly irregular and very painful. After seeing several different doctors the cause had been discovered - an internal development irregularity - that required surgical correction to relieve the on-going discomfort and remove a serious health risk. The downside was that the surgery would also leave her incapable of child bearing. She had come to live with that and eventually learned to appreciate that on the rare occasion she ever had a period, it lasted a day... two at the most. The good news for her, as she'd come to accept it, was that if her chosen partner was clean and trusted, she could enjoy sex free of the necessity of condoms. That delighted her because, though she never figured out why, she'd learned to take great delight in the mess, smell and taste of all things sex related. Not only did she love the smell and taste of a man's cum but she loved the same of her own juices as well and she had never felt anything that felt as good as a man cumming into her.

Realizing just how distracted her thinking had become, Cheryl checked the time and disciplined herself to refocus on her work. She had at least an hour to go before she'd be meeting Frank for lunch. She managed to focus sufficiently on her work until about 11:45 when it was time to go. She grabbed her purse and headed out to go meet Frank with a motivation only a horny woman going to get laid could understand. 

- - - - - - - - - -

Frank didn't really like Stephen very much. The guy was good enough at his job as travel coordinator for the company, but he sometimes used his position to try to influence where training was delivered and which clients got priority. Both were beyond the scope of his job description and Frank had been tasked with putting him back on track in a diplomatic fashion. Diplomacy wasn't one of Frank's stronger skills but he did his best. Being very aware of the time and how close to noon it was, Frank was trying to close the meeting with Stephen. Stephen was trying not to let go of a challenge he had with one of the pending training courses the company was offering on the west coast. Frank had already explained everything twice and was quickly losing his patience. A knock on Frank's door interrupted the meeting. Frank looked over, quite delighted to see Cheryl standing in his office doorway. "Am I interrupting?" she asked with a smile.

"Not at all," Frank replied waving her into his office. She took a step inside the door and then off to one side.

Looking back at Stephen Frank said, "I'm sorry to have to cut this short and I appreciate your position. Why don't you send me an email with the pertinent observations and I can pass it up the chain with the appropriate recommendations." It sounded very professional and as if Frank would take Stephen's outlook into consideration. What Frank had really meant with those words was, "We're done. Fuck off. If you want to keep wasting time on this, send me an email I can file without wasting time on." Frank stood up as he said it, clearly indicating the meeting was over. Stephen got the hint, stood up and left without another word.

Frank put his computer to sleep and then stepped around his desk to greet Cheryl. His assumption was that they were going out for lunch and he knew she was on a short time line. Before he even got close, Cheryl reached over and closed the door after Stephen had left. Frank's eyebrows went up in question but he didn't say a word. Cheryl took his silence as agreement - to what he had no idea - and she locked his office door. The interior walls had no windows and the outside window was smoked, so even though they were only three stories up, no one could see in.

Having a pretty good idea of what Cheryl had in mind, but wanting to let her take the lead to be sure, Frank stepped in close to her, put his arms around her and lowered his head to hers for a kiss. The kiss he planned was more "hi, good to see you," than "Hey, I need to fuck right now!" but Cheryl had other plans. The energy and hunger she put into the kiss was obviously the second variety and Frank could feel his erection growing in his slacks as her tongue attacked his.

The kiss grew in passion and hunger as Frank's hands began to explore beneath Cheryl's short dress, pulling it up over her sexy ass, exposing her flesh to his touch. He could feel her hands working at his belt but also knew she didn't need any help. As soon as she had his belt unbuckled and his pants unzipped she stopped short of pushing his pants down at all. Instead, she pushed back from the kiss and pulled her dress up even farther as she stepped over to his desk. Bending over it, with her ass thrust out, she looked at him and said, "What are you waiting for?"

Frank understood then why she hadn't pulled down his pants. With his pants around his ankles he'd have looked the fool and possibly fallen down trying to get from door to desk. Instead, he stepped quickly over, pushed his pants and underwear down, his full erection popping free, and lined up behind Cheryl's sexy ass. With one hand on her hip and the other guiding his cock, he lined up the crown between Cheryl's seemingly perpetually wet slit and rubbed it up and down a few times. Cheryl's hips bucked back every time his cockhead crossed her opening but he kept up his mild teasing.

"Stop," she whined in horny need. "Just fuck me already." The "...already" was just coming out of her mouth when Frank thrust his length into her. The word came out in a whoosh as his manhood stretched and filled her pussy, his pelvis smacking against her ass and his full heavy cum-filled balls swinging up to smack her clit. In the back of his mind, Frank knew that they had one hour for lunch. She was supposed to be back at her office by one as was he. They also both really liked to eat lunch so this wasn't going to be a long drawn out pleasure session. This was going to be the definition of a quickie wherein he did his best to get her an orgasm before unloading his into or on her. That would depend on what she chose since she seemed to like both with equal enthusiasm.

Frank assumed a middle-of-the-road kind of pace that was neither fast nor slow and wasn't slamming her against his desk. He was aware of her reaching down between her legs... her fingers caressing his balls a couple times as he stroked into her... and then focusing on her clit. "Just a little faster," he heard her say and did as she asked. Together they were working toward her orgasm and about two minutes later it washed over her. She stifled her moans as her watched a site he'd grown used to seeing: her skin flushed dark red and her body seemed to convulse completely. From her knees to her shoulders she seemed to arch and he had to hold her down to keep his length inside her, feeling her pussy spasm and clutch at his length.

When her climax had passed and her body relaxed Frank heard her say two things. "Thank you," and, "Now get yours." It was one of the things he'd come to truly appreciate about her. She felt no shame in using him to achieve her pleasure and she was just as eager to let him use her to get his. Holding her hips as she braced herself on his desk, Frank picked up his pace and added a bit of force to his strokes, jarring her body with every thrust as his pelvis impacted her ass. She was steadily moaning as he pumped and it took several more minutes before he got close. One of the things that Cheryl had said she liked about him was that he wasn't a quick cummer and it actually took some focus to get one in a hurry.

As his orgasm approached Frank said, "I'm gonna cum!" He was half-expecting her to tell him to pull out or otherwise indicate where she wanted his load. Since they still had to go to lunch, he didn't expect she'd want it running down her thighs and she wasn't wearing any underwear to put on to catch it.

Those thoughts only served to increase his surprise when she said, "As deep in me as you can get it!" She thrust her hips back hard against him, helping him to bury his length fully inside her wet center where he began to pulse, his cock spitting thick hot ropes of cum into her. Cheryl loved that feeling. She was not ashamed to admit that it was her favorite thing about sex. As much as she enjoyed pleasuring a man (or woman), she selfishly enjoyed the sensation of a thick hard cock jumping inside her and the hot stickiness of the cum scaling her inside. She could actually feel every shot of cum hitting her vaginal walls and against her cervix. For her, it was the hottest most erotic feeling she'd ever experienced.

When Frank's orgasm had passed he started to pull out when Cheryl said, "Wait!" She reached under where they were joined, cupping her hand under her pussy and then said, "Okay." He pulled his slippery cock out and backed off a step. He didn't know what she had planned but he wasn't surprised when she turned around and squatted down, keeping her hand cupped under her now draining sex while she took his wilting cock in her mouth to clean it up. Another thing Frank had enjoyed about her was how much she enjoyed tasting herself and his cum. Aware of how sensitive his softening manhood was, she was careful as she licked and sucked him clean, but by the time she was done, there was no sign of sex juice on his length at all.

As she stood up she pulled her hand from between her legs and Frank saw the globs of his cum that she'd caught as it dripped out of her. Looking him in the eye, Cheryl raised that hand to her mouth to suck and lick his cum off of it. Once again, her hunger for cum was one of the most erotic things Frank had experienced. As soon as she'd gotten her hand clean she stepped close and raised her face to his for a kiss. It might have turned some guys off, but Frank found kisses like this very hot. He wouldn't if it had been another guy's cum - at least he didn't think so - but his outlook was that since it was his cum and since she seemed to enjoy it so much, he didn't want to hinder her enjoyment in any way. If kissing him with the taste of his cum still in her mouth turned her on, who was he to deny her that?

As their tongues swirled together, Frank was aware of Cheryl pulling her dress back down around her ass and thighs. He had to back up a step to pull his pants up, tuck his shirt in and get situated. As he buckled his belt, Cheryl looked at him with that devilish grin he'd come to enjoy seeing so much and asked, "So... are you hungry for lunch?"

- - - - - - - - - -

They were quiet as they walked, hand in hand, around the corner to the pub where they planned to have lunch. The pub wasn't busy and they were seated without any delay, both ordering salads knowing the food would be quickly prepared and easy to eat in a timely fashion. When they had their drinks and were waiting on the food, Cheryl made sure she had caught Frank's eyes before saying what was on her mind. She had decided that it was time for the next step in their relationship and that meant he needed to know more about her. What he knew so far was that she was independent, sexually aggressive and very uninhibited. There were a few more things he needed to learn, in her opinion, before they moved forward beyond being friends who enjoyed great sex. Taking a deep breath, she made her statement. "You know," she said casually, "your workmate could have stayed and joined us if you wanted him to."

Her eyes never left his as she searched for any sign of his reaction. While Frank felt some level of surprise at her unexpected announcement, he wasn't shocked. He had already known that Cheryl was probably the most sexually liberated woman he had ever known and, having thought about it, it seemed likely she was experienced beyond what they'd shared together. The fact that she was so openly making the statement was what he needed to consider. She was looking to see if he'd be judgmental; she was looking for his reaction.

All that flashed through his brain in milliseconds as he casually sipped his drink and then set it down. "Is that so?" he asked, doing his best to sound casual. And then he continued, as if having thought about it, "If it had been someone else, maybe... but that guy's an asshole."

Cheryl found herself being the one who was surprised. Most men were far more possessive and jealous than that. "Really?" she asked. "That's your only reaction? Maybe someone else who isn't an asshole?" She stopped and looked at him again. "You'd be okay with having sex with me and another guy at the same time?"

This time Frank chose his words even more carefully. He wanted her to understand where he was coming from and he had an outlook equal to hers about being open if they were to move forward past being friends with benefits. "I think I'd be okay having sex with you while another guy joined us, but that is not the same as 'us' having sex with another guy." He paused before continuing. "I've never had the experience so I can't say for sure how I'd react to it, but..." He paused to think again and be careful with his words. This was the potential minefield he was worried about. "...but I've thoroughly enjoyed the past few weeks and I feel like we could have something more; a larger commitment; a greater involvement in each other's life. I think this type of open conversation is absolutely mandatory if we were going to do that successfully."

Cheryl found herself more surprised than she'd expected to be. In fact, she'd expected to be disappointed. Frank was a lot of fun and a great sex partner, but she'd fully expected him to be as possessive and jealous - which meant insecure to her - as every other guy she'd dated. Frank seemed to be... not only okay with her open attitude but eager to discuss such things and interested in being more than a friend. She'd half expected to come to this lunch finding out that was all they'd ever be and now here she was faced with the real possibility that they could become so much more.

Before she could reply, their salads were delivered and they began to eat their lunch. She kept looking at him as if she expected him to say more but he didn't seem to be inclined to do so without more input from her. Trying to find a way to open the conversation back up in a lighthearted way she asked, "So, you've never been involved in a threesome?" Frank shook his head no while he chewed. "Not with another man and woman? Not with two women?" Cheryl inquired. Frank shook his head no again. "Just never had the opportunity?" she asked. "Or never had any interest?" This wasn't something he could answer with a shake of his head. She took a bite of her salad while she waited for his answer.
