 Dante was on his phone, messaging his old friends who he had to leave behind when his mom decided to move. His mom pulled in front of his new high school, quickly wished him luck and ushered him out of her car before she was late for work.

Taking in the new school, he really didn't see anything extraordinary, just a school like the rest. He walked across the parking lot and headed straight to reception, while people started taking notice of the new kid in town. 

Dante was a big kid at eighteen, his Muay Thai and Brazilian jujutsu training giving him a solid build, which he extended upon by lifting weights at home. He stood at '6 foot 4' and blatantly ignored everyone. His half sleeve tattoo, beginning from his shoulder and ending right above his right elbow didn't help with the attention. He loved that tattoo. He had gotten it after he won the MMA state championship last year. His mom had promised that if he won, she would allow him to get some ink. 

"Hey, my name is Dante Adams. I was told I had to sign a few papers here?" He asked the lady behind the reception desk. 

She looked up to him, pushing her glasses further up her nose bridge, before her eyes even registered Dante's presence. After an awkward silence where the lady studied Dante furiously with her eyes, and he really started to get freaked out by this woman, she slid a few forms across the surface, including his timetable, and told Dante to check whether the information was all correct while they waited for one of the students to arrive and show Dante around. 

"Thanks." He replied in his sweetest possible voice to which she just scoffed. 

'What was up her ass?' he wondered. 

He sat down on one of the chairs and went over the papers. After he was certain every written info was where it should be, he passed the papers back to the lady, who didn't even look up this time, and slid back into his seat, pulling his phone out. 

"Mhhm." Came from the receptionist, making Dante look up. She held a finger up, pointing at a 'No-Mobile-Phone-Zone'. 

'Oh lord.' Dante internally complained while putting his phone back into his jeans pocket. He glanced at a clock hammered to the wall and saw that it was only a couple minutes before class started and hoped he wasn't going to be late on his first day. 

A few seconds after, a girl with beautiful long, silk like, black hair walked in. It fell right to above her butt and covered most of her face, but Dante was still focused on her. She muttered something to the stuck up lady who pointed at Dante and the girl's eyes averted to Dante's and almost instantly they met each other's gaze. 

'Holy fuck.' He almost said out loud. 

She had the greyest, purest eyes he had ever come across. This girl was just breathtaking. Her fragrance sneaked its way up Dante's nose and he inhaled her peachiness. 

All this beautifulness and yet he was able to tell that she was covering herself. Her hair hid her face. It wasn't until he looked closely that there were scares running across it, potential post car-accident scars. She tried her best to hide them with make-up, but they were still visible. He realized what he was doing and quickly found himself averting his glance to her eyes. 

'Probably had enough people looking at her scars.' He thought. 

From the way she was standing there, he guessed that she was forced to take the burden of showing him around. By now she had directed her eyes towards the floor and looked as if she found her shoes the most interesting objects in the universe. 

"Are you Dante?" Came out of her perfect little mouth. He didn't know whether she intended for it to come out as a mere whisper, but he almost didn't hear her over the ticking of the clock. Although he found that even her voice was like silk, and fragile sounding. 

Dante nodded and didn't notice until he stood up that he was towering over her, guessing her to be around 5 foot 3, if not shorter. She was a little fragile thing, who instantly flinched at Dante's closeness. 

He observed her for a few more seconds before realizing that she probably missed his nod. 

"Yeah, I am. Nice to meet you." He whispered back, which made the girl look up, and for the first time, he saw her and really studied her. Up close she was even richer in beautifulness than he anticipated. A scar ran across her dark red lips, and if Dante didn't know, he would've guessed she wasn't wearing lipstick. 

She didn't reply to him and simply started walking away, expecting Dante to follow her. As they walked to what Dante assumed was his first class, he picked up on the way she walked through the corridor of the school. Her shoulder slouched low, head pointing down and her steps were short. She was trying her best to stay under the radar and to be ignored. She was hiding, hiding from everyone else. He sometimes noticed her head turning into his direction and caught her looking at his tattoo, which sneaked out of his black t-shirt. 

They kept quiet until they stopped outside a science lab. One look at his timetable said that they were at the correct room and before Dante could thank the pretty girl beside him, she was gone. He caught a glimpse of her silky hair as she turned a corner. It was then he realized that she didn't tell him her name. 

He knew then he had a job. He made it his mission to find out who she was, and what her story was. 

Dante looked into the classroom through a little glass window on the door, and saw that the teacher began his lesson already. Dante knocked on the door, before opening it and walked in. He handed the note to the teacher who told him to take a seat at the empty table at the back. He walked towards the back and was happy to sit right next to the window.

As he seated himself, girls started to whisper and giggle, starring at Dante, and he heard the word 'bad boy' among the crowd of his admirers. 

The teacher continued with his class and Dante started to concentrate on the content. 

Dante wasn't someone who put a lot of work in studying, mainly because he just understood what teachers taught him, making his life much simpler in that regard. He never bothered with homework, which cost's him detention almost everyday, but class tests he aced with ease. His mother had him tested once on demand of his old teachers who complained to her about his laziness and his lack of effort when it came to participating in class. It turned out little Dante was a sort of a kid genius with a high IQ.

The morning dragged on and Dante grew bored of class as he went from physics, to history. He introduced himself again to the history teacher and took a seat towards the back of the class again. 

"So you're the new kid everyone's been talking about." Said a male voice.

It came from a very fake tanned looking guy with straight blond hair, which Dante guessed to be filled with expensive hair product to the point of making it look greasy. 

"I'm Dante." 

"Dude, everyone knows who you are. You're the big talk of the school. Apparently your tattoo impressed the hell out of everyone, and all the girls seems to love your vibes. By the way, I'm Sandy." The guy extended his hand and Dante took it in his, shaking it vigorously. 

'Sandy, what a suitable name,' Dante thought. 

After several minutes of them getting to know each other, Sandy was surprised to find out that Dante isn't what he appears to be. His looks do give off the weed-smoking-guy trait, yet once he got into talk with him, he was pleasantly enjoyed how clever Dante actually was. 

Dante also found himself in great company and after he gave in to the offer of trying for the school's football team he came straight to the point. 

"Hey bro, this morning this girl showed me to my first class. She had a couple of scars across her face, black hair. Do you know her?" Dante literally cringed inside as he was forced to identify this beautiful girl by mentioning her scars; scars he was sure of haunted her till today. 

"Aria Crawford." Sandy nodded. 

"If I were you, I'd stay away from her. She is the school's creep, nicknamed Frankenstein. She was a normal student, heck, she was even popular amongst the guys last year, then she goes off and comes back after summer looking like a fucking zombie. Too bad, I really wanted to tap that ass." Sandy added.

Dante knew then and there, that he wasn't going to like Sandy very much and was finding it difficult to tolerate his trashy talk. If that is what she has to endure all day, every day, then she must probably hate her life. 

Dante simply turned in his chair, staring at the teacher and ignored Sandy for the rest of the period. Sandy picked up on the cold shoulder and left Dante alone. 

The day was a dread as Dante jumped from class to class, not literally, and was about to enter his last class before lunch, calculus, but a hand on his shoulder prevented that. He looked back over his shoulder and a blonde girl gave him a flash of straight white teeth. For some reason Dante thought of Colgate at that very moment. 

"Hi. You must be Dante. I'm Amy. I'm the head cheerleader and was thinking I should introduce myself to the new student." She said, too enthusiastic for Dante's taste. He also didn't miss how she firmly pushed her tits together trying to catch his attention.

Dante had to admit those were some big fuckers. Looking all firm and round. He guessed her to be a D-cup. She noticed him checking her tits out at which she deepened her cleavage through the tight tank top she was wearing and Dante was sure that he saw the red of her lace bra. 

"Hey, very nice of you, if you please excuse me, I'm gonna be late for class." Dante said, and before she was able to response Dante pulled off an 'Aria' and walked straight into class, leaving Amy behind. 

'Seriously, could she be more obvious?' Flicked across his mind. 

That was the first of many desperate cries that he received from girls and was tolerating it fairly good. He was used to the attention, to the girls throwing themselves at him, and for a period of time he even enjoyed it, getting together with almost every girl that wanted some of Dante. He obliged happily and kept his admirers happy. They didn't complain, heck, they even praised him for his skills in bed. But that was his old life; he grew bored of it and started to question what the point was of fucking every girl that had big tits and a big ass. He therefore had decided that with this move, he was going to look for something new. 

At that thought, Aria popped into his head and before he was able to reflect on the decision his brain chose, his calculus teacher handed out a surprise test and all thought of Aria was soon forgotten. 

He walked into the cafeteria and was pleasantly surprised when they had pizza to offer. He took a couple of slices and put them on his tray, with a bottle of water. He walked down when Amy waved at him to sit with her 'clique'. Dante really didn't want to, growing frustrated. He tried his best to be polite. He was on his way towards her table when long, shiny silk black hair caught his attention at the corner of his eyes.

Aria. She sat by herself as she picked at her food, keeping her head low letting her hair fall over her face even more than before. She looked lonely and fragile, clearly titled as the freak of the school and the one person to not associate with if you wanted to have some value in the school class system. Not even the geeks risked their low enough status to sit at the same table as 'Frankenstein'. 

Dante stopped in his trunks and didn't have to think for long before his legs moved towards Aria and away from Amy. He approached her table and observed her for a few minutes. As he saw her pick at her food, his heart went out to her, all the pain, all the suffering, all the bullying she had to endure by the school, he couldn't imagine what she must've been through, how she felt. 

He admired her. 

The fact that she was sitting here, taking shots from other students and coming to school every day with new threats just proved how strong she was. This made her more beautiful in the eyes of Dante and in his eyes; she was someone he looked up to. A woman that was beautiful inside and out, that was who Aria was. 

He put his tray on the table, indicating his arrival and sat across her. The whole cafeteria went quiet. No one dared to speak; only one thing crossed all their minds, the new kid sat next to Frankenstein. 

Dante pretty much knew that by sitting at this table, he was loading his own murder weapon and giving it to the other students. He could handle himself. It was the urge of protecting the fragile girl in front of him that was overtaking him and he couldn't resist. He needed to protect her, no, he had to protect her, take her pain away or at least ease it. For some reason he wanted to show her happiness again and he wasn't going to let anyone interfere. 

After the initial shock and a few whispering among students, the cafeteria became loud again. Dante ignored the icy daggers Amy shot at him and continued to look at Aria. By now she looked back at him. Neither was dropping their gaze and for the first time in forever, Aria was looking at another human being, at another person, and at a boy for a matter of fact, and he was hot. 

No, he wasn't a boy,' She thought. He was a man. His large arms, broad chest, all indicating he was a grown man. 

She felt herself blush and averted her eyes again. She shouldn't get her hopes up. 

'He's probably here to make fun of me, to join the crowd and prove that he belonged to the jocks.' Is what went through the mind of little Aria. 

"I hope you don't mind me sitting here?" Dante started off, with his typical husky voice. 

That surprised her. She didn't know how to answer and so she nodded and blushed furiously. She really didn't want to come across as desperate or rude, but couldn't help her heart to flatter at his voice. 

Dante noticed her shyness and the blush spreading across her face. His eyes traveled down her neckline and into the hem of the sweatshirt she wore. Although the sweatshirt didn't give much away, he did notice two large swells and felt excitement. He quickly scolded himself mentally for checking her out, but couldn't help it. He then took in her appearance, she wore jeans that weren't skinny but rather conservative, hiding most of her body, and her worn out vans matched her black sweatshirt. Very conservative was Dante's opinion. 

Aria noticed that her body was under examination through Dante's eyes and her blush deepened. She couldn't remember the last time someone did that to her. She was always either ignored or picked on, but never appreciated. She smiled at how Dante was forcing himself to not look, but his eyes kept roaming over her at which Aria couldn't help but feel flattered with. She tucked a hairstreak behind her ear and was brave enough to look at Dante's face. 

He had a strong evident jawline, green intense eyes which held themselves in contact with her own grey eyes, and black hair which held its place across his forehead and fell into his eyes. He had an angular fringe hairstyle. She had the sudden urge of brushing it away from his eyes, and her fingers twitched in response. She looked back at his eyes and blushed again when it was his turn observing her. 

"You know you do that quite elegantly, and cute." Came out of him. He had meant it as a compliment and as a confident boost, but knew that she needed much more work than just a simple compliment. 

Aria looked at him with a confused look, not catching up to what he was referring to. 

"The way you tug your hair behind your ear was cute." He said once the confused expression was pulled by Aria. 

She smiled at him, and it was Dante's turn for his heart to pick up the pace. 

That is how they ate lunch together. The conversation was short, but they were the first steps to what would grow into a beautiful relationship, Dante was sure of that. Short but meaningful, that's what it was. 

Aria felt slightly well with Dante's presence and started to eat her food. In silence they continued their lunch and kept glancing at each other, the tension surreal and they both felt the steam coming from each other. The occasional eye contact fuelled their obvious desire, and before lunch ended, the school had already established a name for them: Frankenstein & Beast. 

Honestly, Dante didn't think that sounded that bad, like a fallen love story. Was this what it was? A love story, maybe, and he assumed that he found himself deep entangled in it. 

They finished their food and Dante took her and his tray to throw them away. On his return, he saw Amy grabbing Arias hair, and her little entourage-circling Aria. 

Dante was pissed. His anger visible with his vein poking out of his vein, they're about to fucking get it. 

'They dare fucking embarrass her in front of me?' 

Dante was usually a laid back and calm guy. But through personal experience, he hated bullying, especially the physical type. All he saw was red. 

He crossed the cafeteria almost sprinting before he reached them and was within earshot to her Amy loudly shouting at the little Aria, who by now tried to make herself smaller than she already was, ducking her head lower than before. 

Dante interject and pushed past a couple of Amy's friends before he got to Aria, who had tears streaming down her face. He crouched on the floor and looked at her face, brushing the tears gently from it. His touch made her flinch, but quickly accepted his gentleness, making her look into his piercing green eyes. 

What she saw was trust. She was able to trust him. But more than that, she also saw anger and frustration. 

"Please, don't!" She whispered to him before Dante was able to break Amy's neck. 

He simply nodded and turned around, to where Amy and her friends witnessed the exchange between them. They gasped as they looked at Dante, his green eyes now cold and looking as if he was about to fucking murder someone. 

'Really? You just met her today?' Amy questioned. 

He growled at her and took a step too far into Amy's personal space. She pissed herself. He was a fucking beast, towering over her, his hands twitching with violence, protecting his most valued possession. Amy couldn't turn quick enough and ran out of the canteen, leaving her friends stunned and still taking in Dante's appearance. 

One look from him and they quickly scurried away. From that day on, everyone got the message. No one fucks with Aria anymore, and if they did, they had Dante Adams coming at them with all he's got.

He looked around the cafeteria, making sure everyone witnessed the power struggle between him and the school's head cheerleader. His eyes fell on a guy who was leaning against a table, both hands tucked away in his football jacket, his eyes challenging Dante. 

'Bimbo's boyfriend.' 

Dante knew he was going to try catch him alone and Dante didn't know how far this bitch was going to go, which meant Aria was in danger too. From the look of it, this fucker was moments away from showing everyone who the real alpha in this school is. 

Dante's outburst with Amy was taken personal by the fucker of a boyfriend, and he wasn't going to be relentless when he busted Dante's balls. 

"Chad, let's go man, we're gonna be late for class." Someone shouted. 

The bitch's boyfriend, who also was a bitch (does that make him a bitch of a bitch?) was the first to break off the firm eye-fist-fight and walked out. 

"Chad." 

Dante was prepared. 

From the looks of it, Chad was big, had to be if he was on the school's football team. Suddenly Dante found the idea of trying out for the team appealing. He used to throw a couple of balls back in his old town and was good enough to make it. But he didn't just want to make it. He wanted to be the team's ace, the team's leader; he wanted to become the star quarterback he was doomed to become. 
