 Thanks for the comments on my quickies. Here is another one. You will have to keep up. New ones may be new, or they may be another part to another Freaks of Nature. Copyright LATL, 2016.

*****

Freaks of Nature No. 3

Small Town High Jinx

"When are you going to talk to your wife?"

"I don't think she would be into that."

"Steve, if you don't say something to her, I'm going to."

"Cheryl, my wife has never expressed any interest in a threesome."

"You need to talk to her."

"Do you know something I don't?"

"Steve, I know you know that she is doing the same thing I'm doing right now someplace in town."

I knew Cheryl was right. About the only form of entertainment in this small factory town was getting some on the side. I was sure my wife knew that Cheryl or some other woman was spending time in her bed. Cheryl had been bugging me for several months to ask my wife if she would join her in bed with me. Most of the wives in the area participated in these extracurricular activities, but I had not heard of any being involved in a threesome. The people of our little town were conservative for the most part. We saw all of them in church every Sunday, mostly because we were located in the Bible-Belt of the south.

"I think it is so funny that every Sunday from 2:00 to 5:00, everyone pretends to be visiting a neighbor. They all know what each other is doing and to not come back home until after 5:00," Cheryl told me. "Maybe I will just stay here after 5:00 and see what Debbie says when she comes home."

"I will feel her out."

"I know you would like to watch two women wouldn't you?"

"Of course."

"Steve, there are more than a large handful of ladies around town that go visit each other on Sundays."

"I have heard that. I have always wondered what their husbands were doing?" I said.

"Probably sitting around the house watching porn on the internet and jerking off."

"Cheryl, do you know any of those women?"

"A few."

"Have you been with one or been in a threesome?"

"I haven't been in a threesome yet. I am waiting on you."

"Why don't you ask one of your lady friends to join you here one Sunday?"

"Oh no. If I make this happen for you, it has to be with Debbie," Cheryl told me. "Once that happens, I may bring a friend, but no deal until you get your wife interested. I'm ready again."

Cheryl sat up and straddled my cock. She always liked to do it this way the second time. I looked at her as she grabbed my cock and started it into her pussy. Cheryl was one lady I really liked. Nice and tall with a perfect body, frosted blonde hair, and some nice tits. She was only one of six women that I invited over on Sundays. She was one of the few that could handle my freakishly large 11-inch cock. I had scared off three or four other women, but the good thing was they told their friends. There were a few other women I invited occasionally that couldn't take, but they love to suck it.

"I will have to ask your wife how she ever got this thing in her; she is so short and tiny," Cheryl said.

Cheryl wiggled and worked my cock in and out of her pussy until she had it all inside her. Once she was sitting on me, she worked her hips slowly. 

"What time is it?" She asked.

"About 3:30."

"Good. I want to fuck you for about an hour."

I knew Cheryl was serious; after the first fuck, I could manage to let her ride my cock for about that long. It just depended on how vigorous she got. I looked at her while she slowly worked her hips.

"If I talk Debbie into this, will you let me have your ass?" I asked.

"We tried that once, remember?"

"Yes, I do. You almost got all of it inside you."

"I remember, but it started to hurt," Cheryl reminded me.

"You just need practice; my wife can take it."

"You told me that last time. If you can get her to join us, I'll try again."

"Does John fuck you in the ass?" I asked.

"Yes, he does. But he only has about a 7-inch cock. You have about four more inches."

"Who is he fucking this afternoon?"

"I don't know; I don't keep up with it."

"Have you and John ever had a threesome?"

"I'm working on it, but he pretends like he is not having anyone over. He always tells me he just watched football while I was gone."

"Maybe he does."

"Right. Janet has told me about her and him. She wants to have me there for a threesome."

"Janet Parsons?"

"Yes."

"She has never mentioned that to me. I will have to remember that," I said.

"You see her at work most of the time, Steve. Just invite her over again and bring it up. She may invite you to one of her threesomes," Cheryl told me as she wiggled slowly.

The conversation ended, and I watched her work her pussy on my cock for the next 30 minutes.

"Oh, my. I love it that you can just let me fuck your cock like this."

"I just hope you are getting something out of it?"

"I am. Going this slow keeps me right at the point of having an orgasm. I do this when I am using my vibrator, then I will come in a huge orgasm, you know that."

"I just love watching you do this."

I reached up and grabbed each of her tits and squeezed them. She had been at it a while, so I started twisting her nipples.

"You are being mean. Do you want me to finish?"

"Not yet, I just like playing with your nipples."

I pinched and twisted her nipples for a while. It was pushing her buttons because she had sped up.

"I want to watch you," I told her.

"Emmm."

Cheryl worked her hips a little faster as she looked at me. After a minute, she moved her hand to her pussy and began fingering her clit.

"Emmmm...you know this makes me come."

"It also makes you very horny," I told her.

She smiled at me and worked her hips and fingers faster. After a few minutes, she was panting; I knew she would come soon.

"Ohh! Oh, god!"

Faster and faster she went. I knew by the time she came she would be driving her hips onto me. I watched as she threw her head back and moaned.

"Ahhhhhh!! Fuck!!"

Cheryl was going strong now, building to a huge orgasm. She was working my cock inside her hard and fast now. I waited for her to come so I could pump her full of cum.

"Ahh!! Ahh!! Ahh!! Fuck!! I'm coming!!"

Cheryl started struggling to keep everything coordinated. Her fingers were flying over her clit as she moved faster. I shoved my cock up into her hard.

"Ohhh, god!! Yes!!" Cheryl screamed and started coming.

She kept screaming as she jerked and gushed from her pussy.

"Ahhhhhhhh!!"

I shoved up harder and began pumping her pussy full of cum. She kept going, although her pace was faltering.

"Fuck!!"

She came again then slumped down.

"Ohhhhhh..."

I reached up and pulled her down on top of me. Her breasts pressed into my chest as she lay. After several minutes, she lifted her head and kissed me.

"Ohhh...that is always so good," she said.

"Yes, it is. I think you really like fucking me."

"I do."

Cheryl pushed herself up then lifted her pussy off my cock. She laid on the bed then leaned over and sucked my dying cock into her mouth to clean it off. I pulled her long hair out of the way so I could watch. When she finished, she slipped off the bed.

"Damn, you come so much," she said as she looked down and saw cum running down her legs.

I got up, and we walked to the bathroom. She stepped into the shower, and I took the shower head and rinsed the cum off her legs and pussy. When I was finished, she rinsed me off. After drying off, we put our clothes on.

"It's just 4:45, don't leave too early," I said.

"I have to stop at the store."

Cheryl hugged me and kissed me again. We walked to the kitchen so she could go out the back door. I always thought this was sort of dumb because our neighbors would see her car coming and going.

"Next Sunday?" I asked.

"I have another invite. The weekend after that. I hope you feel Debbie out by then."

"I'll see."

Cheryl got in her car and left. I grabbed a beer, then went and made up the bed. After that, I went into the den to turn the TV on and watched the end of the afternoon football game. About 20 minutes later, Debbie came in.

"Who's winning?" She asked.

"Patriots."

I never asked her who she went to visit, and she just usually asks how the game was going. She stood and looked at the TV for a minute. I looked her shapely ass over in her tight blue jeans. We each knew we had been fucking someone else, but in the morning, we would both go to work at the factory like nothing was happening.

"I'll get a beer and join you," she said as she went to the kitchen. A minute later she came in and sat next to me on the sofa.

"Did you have a nice visit?" I asked.

Debbie looked up at me puzzled because I had never asked her this before.

"Yes, I did. What have you been doing?" She asked looking at me.

"Watching the game."

Debbie looked at me for a moment, then went back to sipping her beer. When the game ended, she went to the kitchen to fix dinner. The next game came on, and I watched for about an hour.

"It's ready," she said from the kitchen door.

I got up and went to the kitchen and sat down with her at the table. We had been eating for about 15 minutes when I looked up at her. She was looking at me while she ate.

"Who did you go see?" I asked.

"Uh, one of the ladies from the church."

"What did you two talk about all afternoon?"

Debbie was looking at me curiously because I never asked her who she went to see.

"Work."

I didn't ask her anything else; I didn't want to put her on the spot. Some Sundays after she came home I would just watch her and get horny thinking about her getting fucked by some guy that I knew. This was one of those Sundays. After we had finished eating, I offered to help her wash the dishes. We were about finished when I moved behind her and reached around her and hugged her. She leaned back into me. I found the buttons on her top and started unbuttoning them.

"What are you doing?" She asked with a giggle.

"Taking your clothes off."

She put the last plate in the dish holder and turned around in my arms and looked up at me. Debbie was only 5'2", I was almost 6 feet. She looked up and smiled as I got the last button undone and started pulling her top off. My wife was short but had a nice body. I was first attracted to her by her full D tits. I reached behind her and unsnapped her bra and pulled it off of her. I looked done, and her huge dark brown nipples were still swollen from her afternoon adventure. I grabbed each one and rubbed it for a minute.

"I think you must have been watching more than football," she said smiling.

We had a hidden collection of porn DVDs, a variety of different things. About once a month, we would watch one and end up in bed fucking.

"I was just thinking about you all afternoon," I told her.

"I'm sure you were."

I leaned down and kissed her a minute, then scooped her up in my arms.

"What are you doing!"

I carried her to the bedroom and tossed her on the bed. She was giggling. I grabbed the top of her tight blue jeans and unsnapped them and unzipped them. I walked to the end of the bed and started pulling on them.

"Steve!"

They were tight, but she had the ass and legs for them. She looked at me smiling as I worked them off of her. Now she was lying there naked. I got on the bed and leaned over and kissed her mound. She jumped.

"Come her, crazy!" She said holding her arms out for me.

I slowly kissed my way up to her tits. My wife loved for me to go down on her, but she was diverting me right now. I sucked on one of her nipples for a few seconds before she pulled me down to kiss me.

"You haven't done this in a while," she said.

"We always fuck on Sunday night."

"And Monday night, and Tuesday night, and..." Debbie rattled off.

"Is it too much for you?" I asked.

"You know better than that, Steve."

She reached down and grabbed the bottom of my shirt and started pulling toward my head. I lifted my arms, and she pulled it off. I moved back down and sucked on her nipples for a while, something I knew my wife loved. She was rubbing the back of my head as I worked on her tits.

"Emmm. You know I love that."

I looked up at her while I licked. It was just something that we never discussed, but I never went down on her on Sunday nights. I wanted to see what she did if I tried. I slid a hand down and felt her damp pussy and began playing with it while I licked on her nipples. She moaned a few times while her pussy grew wetter and wetter. I started kissing my way down her stomach toward her pussy.

"Fuck, Steve. I want you inside of me know!" She said and spread her legs apart.

"Let me get you wet."

"I'm already wet. Put your cock in me."

She was doing a good job of keeping me from eating her. I kissed on down to the top of her mound; I felt her tense up.

"Oh, god! Fuck me!!"

I moved down a little more and found her clit with my tongue. I felt her tense up more.

"Steve, please. Take your clothes off and fuck me! I need it!"

I licked her clit one last time then stood at the end of the bed and took my pants off. Debbie lifted her legs up and spread them apart as she smiled at me. I looked between her legs at her slightly swollen and red pussy lips. I smiled at her and started moving between her legs. Once I was between her legs, I grabbed her behind her back and lifted her hips up.

"Oh, god!"

I sat back on my legs and pulled her to me. I grabbed my cock and held it at her pussy. She wrapped her legs around my back and pulled herself onto my cock as I helped.

"Ahhhhh...yes. That is what I need," she moaned.

I grabbed her hips and pulled her in tight.

"Ah!"

I looked down as my cock spread her pussy lips apart. Even though she was 33, she still kept her pussy shaved. My wife was sexy, and she knew it. I looked as her pussy engulfed my cock. I could see her larger than normal pussy lips surrounding the base of my cock. She squeezed me harder with her legs.

"Emmmm. Let me just feel you inside me for a minute."

I held her tight to me as she moved her hips a little. She had her eyes closed. I was wondering if she was recalling her afternoon. She opened her eyes and smiled at me then reached up with her hands.

"Please," she said.

I took her hands and pulled her all the way up, so she was sitting on the tops of my legs and my cock.

"Oh! Oh, fuck!" She said as she wrapped her arms around my neck.

"You always like it this way, don't you?" I asked.

"You know I do."

"You don't usually ask me to pull you up like this unless you are really horny."

"I am," my wife said.

"Did you and your friend talk about more than work?" I asked.

"What are you talking about?"

"Maybe the two of you spent the afternoon talking about sex. Did you tell her about my huge cock?"

"Steve!"

I smiled at her as she looked at me. I held her hips and started sliding her on and off of my cock. She pulled her head into me and let me work her on my rock hard cock. After about 20 minutes, I had sped up, and she was moaning and groaning.

"Oh, fuck!! I'm going to come!!"

She used her legs to pull herself into me harder as she squirted on me and came hard.

"Ahhhh!! Yes!!"

She kept pulling me into her harder and harder. She was panting and moaning as she worked her pussy on my cock.

"Steve...Steve...Steve!! Oh, god!! I want you to come all over me!!"

She unwrapped her arms from around my neck and leaned back on her hands and worked her pussy up and down hard. A few minutes later she was coming again, and I was ready to come.

"Ahhhhh!! Do it!!"

She released her leg grip on me and slid off my cock and down to the bed. I grabbed my cock and started pumping it.

"Ahhh!" I let out as I started coming.

I looked down and watched cum shoot out and all over my wife. She liked me doing this sometimes because I could cover her in cum. I kept pumping and shooting cum all over her as she watched.

"Ahhh!" I let out as I finished.

Debbie was smearing cum all over her tits and stomach as I watched. She ran her fingers through a puddle then ran them down to her mound and rubbed it. She then slid her fingers into her pussy. She was covered in my cum.

"Emmm, this feels so good," she said.

She had herself covered in cum; then I watched her suck each one of her fingers clean.

"Why do you like that so much?" I asked.

"I just never get...because you can cover me in cum. I like the feeling of your warm slick cum all over me." 

I laid next to her as she finished sucking on her fingers. When she finished, she rolled to me and moved down and sucked my cock into her mouth and cleaned it off. When she was finished, she laid her head on my chest.

"Do you like that?" I asked.

"I love you coming all over me."

"I meant sucking my cock after it has been inside you? Do you like your own taste?"

"I never thought much about it. I think we taste good together."

I wrapped my arms around my wife and held her. After we had graduated high school, I had dated her on and off for a few years. When we finally had sex, I was hooked, and so was she. We spent an evening in the back of my truck under the stars working my cock into her. Once she had accomplished that, we fucked every chance we got. We both had gone to work at the factory right out of high school; just like almost everyone in town did. Our town was just big enough to keep most of the graduating seniors employed as our parents retired and the rest of the graduates moved away to college. It had been that way a long time. Debbie and I had gotten married a few years later. We managed to put a down payment on a house with the money we had both saved since starting work. Just like everyone in town, we were on the lower end of the middle class and struggling to make ends meet each month. Now at 33, we had settled into our way of life. We were both supervisors at the factory, so money had gotten a little better over the last three years. We still only had one car, as most families did. But it worked since we both went to the same places.

*****

Monday morning, after breakfast, we got in the car and drove the five miles to the factory. We didn't see much of each other during the day except at lunch. She worked on one end of the building while I worked on the other end. When the lunch whistle blew, I walked down to the cafeteria. They fed us at lunch because there really wasn't any place to eat in town. I sat down at a table; a few minutes later Cheryl sat with me.

"Did you say anything to her?" Cheryl asked.

"I am going to have to work on this slowly."

"I guess I will have to ask her?"

"Ask me what?" Debbie said as sat down.

"If you two are going bowling Thursday night. I wanted to know if you two wanted to join my husband and me for a team?" Cheryl asked.

Bowling was the last source of entertainment in town besides the Sunday afternoon entertainment.

"I guess we can?" Debbie said. "Is that okay, honey?"

"Sounds like fun," I replied.

We made small talk for an hour before going back to work when the whistle blew again. While I worked, I was thinking about the porn DVDs we had; Debbie had never said much as we watched the threesomes. I decided to see what she thought about it the next time we watched. At quitting time, I waited at the car for Debbie. Several minutes later she showed up ready to go.

"I meant to tell you this morning that I had a good time last night," Debbie said.

"It looked like you did. I didn't wear you out did I?"

"Yes, but it was great."

When we got home, Debbie went straight to the kitchen to start dinner after she changed clothes; I followed her to the kitchen.

"You are starting dinner early."

"I thought we would eat early, then watch a movie or two," Debbie said.

"Which movies would you like to watch?"
