 Sometimes I get in these moods where all I want is anal sex. I don't know if other people do the same but it's always been like this for me, at least since I let the first guy fuck me in the ass. I had heard that it hurt but my experience was different than expected. Instead of hurting, it felt so fucking good. Anal felt better than getting fucked in the pussy. I had my first orgasm with a partner and I knew then and there that I was going to become an anal-only girl.

It was a lot easier to get dick when I started advertising on my social media that I was an anal-only girl. Tons of guys were always messaging me saying that their girlfriends wouldn't let them near their asses. I offered mine up instead. I figured those girls would probably want a girl like me teaching their boyfriends how to fuck an asshole instead of some other slut. I wasn't after their little boyfriends, anyway. I was after more and more cocks.

It wasn't that I didn't want to fuck the same cocks over and over again. I did. I just couldn't wait around to play the stupid mind games people try to pull off on dating websites. I needed dicks right away. So I blew through them, letting them all fuck my ass as roughly as they wanted. I loved it hard and fast. I loved it slow and lingering too. I just loved getting my asshole used by cocks and I wasn't being shy about it.

I went to a garage sale by chance one Saturday and I saw a set of stocks, the kind that had been used in medieval times to torture wrongdoers. The man who was selling them snuck up behind me and startled me with his greeting.

"Can I help you?"

"How much are these?" I asked him.

"You're interested in this?" he laughed, shaking his head in disbelief.

"Yes, how much are they?"

"They're free if you let me lock you up in them for a bit." He winked at me. I wasn't sure if he was serious or joking and I gave a tentative laugh. He laughed with me but instead of making me feel better, I felt weird. He gave me a look I couldn't quite read. He leaned in and kissed me.

"Hey!" I took a few steps back. "What are you doing?"

"I thought you might want to get to know me a bit before I locked you up in these."

"Oh! You were serious? I thought you were kidding."

"I would never joke about that. Why don't you come inside and we can discuss the transaction."

"I don't know..." I trailed off. I wasn't afraid of him. He seemed harmless enough. I just wasn't sure if I was attracted to him or not. He wasn't really my type. He was much older than me and he had a handlebar mustache that bothered me. He probably spent more time styling his facial hair than I did doing my entire hair and makeup.

"I have booze and weed," he coaxed me toward the door. I followed him, bribed by the thought of booze in the morning. I followed him inside and let him pour me a glass of scotch. I drank it greedily like it had been a long time since I'd seen alcohol. The truth was, I wasn't quite twenty-one, but he hadn't asked so I gulped down three glasses before I realized I had overdone it.

Next came the weed and I could feel my asshole itching to be fucked by this man. I barely knew him and I wasn't even sure I found him attractive. None of that mattered now, as my asshole ached to be abused. He was in front of me and he had a cock. I wanted him.

"Smoke this now, baby. Then open your legs for me and let me tickle that pussy a little bit." He stared me down, willing me to simply obey his aggressive commands. I grabbed the pipe and lighter from his outstretched hand and smoked until the world was blurry. My asshole was aching for it. I knew I needed to take matters into my own hands. I knew it was time.

"Do you like anal?" I asked him, breaking the awkward silence that had built as I smoked.

"Excuse me, baby?" he asked. He actually tapped on one of his ears as if it might be out of order.

"Do you like fucking women in the butt?" I rephrased.

"Oh. I don't know about that. Are you into that?" he asked me.

"Yes, I'm very into that."

"You are?" His eyes got wide and I couldn't help but laugh at how shocked he was.

"Yes. Would you like to fuck me in the ass and only the ass? I don't fuck with my pussy anymore. I'm an anal-only girl now."

"The Holy Grail!" the man shouted and he raised his arms up to the ceiling as if thanking his higher power.

"What?" I asked, bewildered. I had no idea what was going on in this guy's head. I pulled my tight jeans down and bared my ass to him. I spread my cheeks open and handed him the small canister of lube I always carried with me for moments like these. There had been a lot of moments like these lately. I couldn't believe how easy it had gotten to get guys to fuck me in the ass.

I'd been fucking in bookstores, bathrooms, parks, and parking lots. I'd been letting guys I'd barely met stuff their dicks deep into my darkest cavern. I knew it was slutty and I didn't always use condoms. I didn't care about diseases. I just wanted it to feel raw and perfect. I wanted my asshole to spasm and tighten. I wanted to feel that feeling of losing control that my anal orgasms evoked from deep within me. I knew that this was my destiny. I knew it in my gut and so I followed my instincts.

I let that guy pound my ass for as long as he wanted. He went hard, fucking my ass with the kind of brute force that could break a woman in two. I took it, loving every second of every orgasm. My body was filled with pleasure, weighed down with the worries of how I would feel when the pleasure was taken away. He came much too fast and I tried to hide my disappointment in him.

"Was that okay?" he asked me.

"Yeah, sure," I lied but he wasn't having it.

"Did I cum too soon?" he asked and I tried to hide the truth in my face but he was perceptive enough to pick up on the fact that he had guessed correctly. "I have an idea if you're willing to have a little fun with me.

"An idea?" I asked.

"Yeah. I'm having a party tonight. A kink party." He paused to gauge my reaction. I tried my best to remain expressionless.

"I'd love to have all the men fuck you. I can lock you up in the stocks and they can fuck your ass. Would you like that?" He looked into my eyes, waiting with high hopes. I could tell that this was a fantasy of his and so I thought about what it would be like and whether it would actually turn me on or not before I made my decision.

"Can I stop when I want?" I asked.

"Of course you can."

"Okay, then. I think I want to try it."

"I think you're going to love it and when you are done, the stocks are free for you to take."

"Wow, thanks."

"No, thank you," he smiled warmly at me and I could see the sadism emanating from within him.

By the time he was securing me into the stocks, I trusted him enough to enjoy myself. We chose a safe word and safe signal just in case I needed to end the scene. I was ready and I almost couldn't believe that this was actually happening. Getting gangbanged in the ass by a bunch of ghost dicks was one of the hottest things I could have imagined and I was about to understand why it was such a popular topic on all of the porn sites.

"Okay, I'm letting the guys in. There is a sign near your back here that says, "Free Anal."

"Free anal? I love it. Okay!" I called. I hadn't noticed when I had first seen the stocks that they weren't the regular medieval kind as I had originally thought. They were sex stocks, made to arrange women into sexual positions so men could fuck them while they were completely immobile. That was what I had asked to purchase at the garage sale. No wonder the man had thought I was flirting. He thought I was some kind of kinky monster! He wasn't far off, so I wasn't offended. Instead, I braced myself. I could hear a man behind me.

"Anal only!" I called politely.

"Shut up, whore!" the guy screamed at me. He sunk his cock into my asshole roughly. He didn't seem to care if it hurt me or not. He just wanted to get his cock off and it was like he didn't even see me as a person. He saw what he wanted to see. He saw me as holes to be used and something about that made my pussy wet. It was so juicy that it made me wonder if I should let one of these guys try to fuck it for me. I didn't want to confuse them. I'd told them anal only. I could hear the first guy cumming.

The second guy slid his cock right into the first guy's cum. I wasn't sure if they were wearing condoms or not and I realized I had been foolish to not insist that they all wore them. Instead, I felt like an idiot as I took the cock that was fucking me like a big girl. My asshole was cumming hard, spasming as I screamed and begged for mercy. The man fucking my ass didn't have any mercy. He fucked me harder, and still harder. I was making noises that shouldn't come out of a human and I wasn't sure if I was going to be okay or not. Then he came.

The third guy fucked me even harder than the first two and after that, I lost count of the cocks and the orgasms. I know that I had way too many and that the world was starting to look blurry. I wasn't sure who I was anymore but I was certain about one thing: I was a slut now. My asshole was aching, but now it was a different kind of ache. I was too sore to go on...unless...

I got an awful idea and I wasn't sure about it. I knew that the guys could get to my pussy in the position I was in, I just hadn't had vaginal sex in so long I wasn't sure if I would be able to pull it off or not.

"Guys! Guys! Please no more anal! Fuck my pussy!" I screamed.

"Hey, everyone, this slut is letting guys fuck her pussy now." I heard the shuffling of bodies and then I felt the stab of the first cock in my pussy. I let out a scream as I remembered how it felt to get my pussy fucked. I remembered why I had stopped fucking with my pussy and switched to anal only. It was because anal was the only way I could cum. I couldn't rub my clit or do a damn thing to help the situation. I was hopelessly trapped, suspended with my holes on display. The men loved fucking my pussy and came rather quickly. I drained cock after cock and I was pretty proud of my pussy for doing its job.

"You drained all the dicks," the man who had locked me up was back. He gave me a playful look.

"Are you going to unlock me?" I asked him.

"I will but first I need to feel this pussy with my own dick. You don't mind do you?"

"No, go ahead."

I felt his cock push into my pussy and it felt pretty good. His cock was thicker than most and it stretched my pussy a bit further than the others had. I could actually feel something as he began to move faster. As he sped up I could feel my pussy beginning to quiver for the first time. I could feel the beginnings of the contractions of my very first vaginal orgasm forming. It wasn't a huge one, but it was something! I let out a moan as I came, silently thanking him for being the first man to truly use my pussy the right way.

"I like your asshole better," he told me, pulling out of my pussy and sliding into my ass. I was sore and tender from my earlier fucks but my pussy was puffed up with arousal and my asshole was already starting to cum. I screamed as my face twisted to one side. I tried my best to let the pleasure work its way through me but it felt like it was too much. If I hadn't been locked into place I would have slid to the floor. I felt so weak after that orgasm that I barely noticed that the man had cum and he was now working to pry open the locks on the stocks that held me in place.

I could feel the freedom as he lifted the heavy wooden frame off of my body. I could feel a lightness from being free that I had never noticed before. He handed me the bag that I had placed my clothes in. I got dressed and he watched me silently. I wondered what he was thinking and what he thought of me. I hadn't even asked his name and he had never asked mine. Maybe he wasn't someone that needed to know my name.

"Do you need help getting the stocks into your car?" he asked politely. "Some of the guys are still here and we can help."

"Sure, that would be great. And thank you," I grabbed him by both of his shoulders and then hugged him.

"What was that for?"

"That was for a fun night and for my first vaginal orgasm ever."

"Your first vaginal orgasm! Well, that sounds important."

"It does. In fact, I was thinking maybe you should keep the stocks over here and have some more parties where I'm the star. Would that be fun?" I was hoping he would say yes. I needed a reason to keep him in my life. If he could give me one vaginal orgasm then maybe he could give me more! Maybe one day I would be giving free anal and free vaginal!

"I would be honored to throw a party in your honor and let all my closest friends fuck the shit out of you. I call dibs on last fuck of the night, though. Promise." He pointed at me and waited for me to promise.

"I promise!"

"You know, you are just about the coolest woman I have ever met," he complimented me and I didn't stop him when he pulled me in for a deep, lingering kiss. I let the warmth of his infatuation wash over me. It gave me new hope.

"But I'm still a mostly anal-only girl. Okay? I like it in the ass, not the pussy."

"That's what I like best about you. I've always been an ass man. I think we make a pretty good team, you and I."

"I don't even know your name," I admitted. "but I feel like I'm going to know it well soon enough." My eyes locked onto his. I felt something deeper than anything I'd experienced before. I suddenly knew that this man was my destiny.

"Mitch. And yours?"

"Kathryn."