 Larry diMedea was deeply involved in a report for his firm when his wife Juliette stuck her head into his home office. She held a phone to her ear, "Honey," she said, "it's a booty call from Scotty Birnbaum. You want to come and watch?"

Larry raised his head with a grin. "I'd love to. You know how much it turns me on watching you get fucked. Unfortunately, this thing is due tomorrow morning and if I take time off it won't get done. Go have fun and tell Cindy I'll expect payment in kind when I get home tomorrow. A long slow blowjob sounds good."

Julie spoke into the phone, "You hear that, stud? You just make sure you dear little wifey is on her knees here tomorrow around four. I'm on my way over."

As she traipsed across the grounds of the Coronado Condos, Julie started to put a little extra swing in her hips. She thought of giving herself a shot of PL-6983 to turn herself on a little more but decided it really wasn't needed. A few months before the other members of the condominium had very thoroughly inducted the couple into their Cuck and Cunt Club. It had started with some drugs and some electro-sex stimulation but by the time it was over what Julie had first felt would be rape had turned into a full-fledged awakening of her inner slut. Her peccadillos hadn't included anyone outside the club, at least not yet, but she wasn't about to exclude the possibility. But for now, it was all about 'in house' lechery and an inner slut that was awake and eager.

Cindy Birnbaum was the one who had slipped the mickey into Julie's drink, the one who told her what was going to happen and the one who had used the world's only proven aphrodisiac and the electro-sex machine on her. She was also the one who, after all the other women had had their fun pegging Larry, had pulled him between her thighs for his official initiation. Later she was the one who explained why today Julie was the most popular lay in the group.

"It's like this, Julie," Cindy had begun over coffee one afternoon, "Despite being the sluttiest wife around, you somehow manage to project an aura of prim, virginal innocence. I can't explain it and neither can any of the guys but somehow there is something about you that just demands to be pillaged, plundered, debauched and ravished. They can't resist. I've looked at you when one of them has had his fun with you and you have this—this happily seduced and betrayed look on your face. It's like you had no idea how much fun sex could be. I know that sounds ridiculous because if anyone knows what a horny bitch you've become, it's me but that's the only way I can describe it. And look at you now; you're blushing!"

Julie had to admit that in a strange sort of way it made sense. She knew that other women in the club had no inhibitions about coming up to another woman's husband and 'climbing his frame.' April Maguire was especially notorious for that. On more than one occasion she hadn't even waited until after everyone had eaten. She would just saunter over to the man of her choice, undo his belt and jerk his trousers down and start sucking him into readiness. Admittedly the others would start to applaud when this happened and none of her 'victims' had ever been known to complain but Juliette simply couldn't bring herself to be so assertive. However, any man in the complex who wanted her, like tonight, would get her. It seemed as much a law of nature as dawn and dusk.

She let herself into the Birnbaum's unit and waved at Cindy who was sitting in a chair with her e-reader.

"So I'm going to have a sore throat tomorrow?" the brunette asked archly, looking up. "I know how much Larry loves a deep throating. Steffie said the last time she went down on him he held her there and face-fucked her for what seemed like half an hour."

Julie grinned. "Well, I've done some marathon sessions on my knees, too, so I can't be too sympathetic."

"Don't bother," Cindy replied with a leer, "I doped the Birnbaum good with the aerosol foreplay to get him really fired up. You're going to be going home bow-legged tonight. Heck, you might even need pillows. But don't let me detain you. He's back in the den."

Scott Birnbaum was indeed back in the den, lying back in his double-wide recliner slowly stroking his massive hard-on. The sight of the man naked always made Julie's eyes widen. In contrast to her lithe, tennis-playing husband, Scott was a great slab of a man, thick and muscular in an ursine kind of way. His resemblance to a bear was enhanced by the coarse black hair that covered him from the tops of his feet to his collarbone. He looked up at her with heavy-lidded, lust-filled eyes and a slow, almost sinister leer crossed his lips.

Juliette licked her lips. Her eyes began to sparkle as she reached behind her neck to unzip the simple, flowered frock. Making no attempt at a sultry strip, the woman simply let her dress drop to the floor, undid her bra and stepped out of her lacy black bikini briefs her eyes fixed on his pulsing phallus. Breathing deeply, she walked over to the recliner and sat on the arm beside Scott's right side.

She'd read somewhere that the desire of the man was for the woman but the desire of the woman was for the desire of the man. Julie pushed Scott's hand away from his thick, stiff, purple-headed member and started massaging it herself. It appeared that she certainly had his desire and soon he would have her, slaking his desire within her body. She leaned over him, her breasts hanging down to invite his hands. He took one in each mitt and squeezed them alternatively, running his hands down and pulling on each nipple, milking them.

"You want me, Scottie," she breathed in his ear, "I know you do. You want to stick this big thing inside me, feel me hot and wet around it, enjoy me while I ride up and down on it until you finally shoot a load into me. And I know you day-dream about making a baby in me, don't you? Well, Scottie, just hang onto that dream. Someday it might come true."

Julie swung one leg over his lap, straddling his thighs. Then she pulled the head of his cock up to the opening of her sex and impaled herself on it with a soft moan. There were eight couples in the club and all eight men ravished her. It was a wonder, she thought, that each one was so different but that all were wonderful. Bigger, smaller, thicker, thinner—it really didn't matter. Having a man driving in and out of her, that was the important part. She lay down on Scott's chest, feeling his coarse body hair on her smooth skin and the clutch of his hands fondling, squeezing and bouncing her buttocks. Her hips began to swing forward and back, sliding off of him and then taking him back in to a beat she heard in her head, a dance of desire.

That's when Scott's great paws grabbed her by each hip and started setting a rhythm of his own, slowly up and then down like a jackhammer. Her pussy slapped against his pelvis and she felt her entire body jiggle with the impact.

He growled up at her, "Were you serious about making a baby for me?"

Julie purred. "Serious? In time, I'd be serious about giving you a chance at it. But not the first one. That'll be Larry's with no question about it. In fact, the next time to get into me I'll be carrying it. Won't that be fun, fucking your neighbor's pregnant wife?"

Scott grunted agreement and began to swing her left and right as he bounced her up and down. An orange haze descended on Julie's brain leaving her unable to think about anything. All she could do was take the pleasure she was giving him fed back to her. She began to shake in climax.

Heading back to her own unit in a happy, post-coital daze, Juliette mused on what she'd said. Would she make a baby for Scott? Not on purpose, she thought, but she certainly would let him have a chance at it. The word, as she understood it, was 'omnigamy', the practice of being married to everyone in a group. According to Chris Maguire, at a barbecue a month or so ago, hunter-gatherer societies practiced it rather commonly. Of course, if you looked at enough of those societies you could find almost any possible sort of arrangement but the people who were omnigamous certainly seemed as happy as any. The women either just had sex with various lovers for the fun of it or they might operate on the belief that you could choose your child's talents by having various men 'father' it. This was biological nonsense, of course, but what could they know? And naturally the men weren't going to complain.

Next week she would quit taking her birth control and then she and Larry would embark on a marathon sex session until she tested positive. According to her OB-GYN alternate days were the most likely schedule. It would give Larry time to fully recharge for the next shot and in about a month she should be pregnant. One for Larry, guaranteed—but the next one? She was giving serious consideration to not planning anything, just quit taking the pill and let Nature take its course. If Scott got her, fine. If not, there were seven other men and one or the other was bound to get lucky.

*****

Larry came out of the shower the next evening and there, as promised, was Cindy Birnbaum on her knees, naked. His eyebrows popped upwards, she'd 'dressed' for the occasion, her hair pulled back in a ponytail to expose her ears adorned with big, heavy gold hoops. As her head bobbed when she went down on him the earrings would swing back and forth pulling erotically. The hoops were matched by a pair of weighted nipple rings that would do the same. She might be here to pleasure him but she intended to enjoy doing it.

More importantly she was wearing the same pair of black and chrome harnesses she'd won back on that night he and Julie had been rather forcefully inducted into the 'club'. He remembered it well. Both of them had been drugged at a party, stripped, tethered into position and then treated with modern technology's most effective elixirs of desire. Despite her initial protests his wife had succumbed to the other men's lust and was now the most active slut in the group. He, in turn, had been first used anally by the other women's dildos and then pulled down on top of a ravenous Cindy Birnbaum to plunder her into cries of ecstasy.

"That's right, cowboy," Cindy chortled as she spoke, "tonight you get the whole treatment. First the blow job, then the pegging and finally you fuck me blue. Now come here."

She reached up and undid the towel around his waist and let it slowly slide down his legs. Laying a tube of creamy lube next to her knee, she reached up with both hands and began to caress his 'package'. As he hardened in arousal she kissed the helmet, covered it with saliva and then sucked it into her mouth. Turning her head first one way and then the other, licking the underside and stroking the base with her left hand she soon had him pikestaff stiff.

She leaned back on her heels to look at her handiwork. 

"Honey," she purred, "if I let you deep throat me you're just likely to come before we've had our fill so I'll just swallow you a few times and then we'll get onto the next part of the game."

Reaching up and taking his ass in both hands, Cindy opened wide and in a single pull drove the man's erection down her throat until her nose bumped onto his pelvis. Larry grabbed her ponytail and held her firmly while he pumped in and out, finally withdrawing completely.

"Lie down, baby," she commanded, "and raise those legs. I'm going to make you feel so good."

Smearing the end of her projecting dildo with the slippery white cream she placed it at his back door and with a wink thrust home. He moaned. Then she leaned forward over him, put her elbows on the floor and began to fuck him.

Peeking in from the doorway, Julie giggled softly. She loved it when he did her that way even more than she loved doing him. If you had given her fifty cents, she'd have stripped down, strapped on and knelt behind Cindy to so the same. But dinner needed fixing and by the time Cindy was done with Larry, he would be too limp to go out to eat. Next time, maybe.

Larry was in heaven, his face between Cindy's soft hands, her mouth on his. She drove her tongue into him matching the strokes she make up his butt with the silicone dong If she made him come this way he'd be just as happy as if the positions were reversed but she was taking her time, stretching out the pleasure, making him croon and whimper. Time seemed to vanish. Only sensation remained until at last she lifted her head and smiled down at him.

"It's your turn, now, cowboy. Just give me a chance to get out of this harness and then you can just fill me up. Bet you wish I wasn't on the Pill, don't you?"

Quickly unsnapping the harness and letting it fall to the floor, Cindy took Larry by the manhood and pulled him over to the king size bed. She crawled up on it and reaching up for him, spread her thighs. "Come on down, baby. Do me. Jump my bones."

*****

The next Saturday, with all the men out fishing, the cunt contingent of the Coronado Condo Club was giggling over a bunch of home movies they'd furtively shot of each other having sex with another woman's husband. Right now Julie was blushing bright pink at (1) the sight of Scott's cock pistoning in and out of her and (2) all the other women's highly ribald comments.

"Migawd," exclaimed April, "the schlong on that man! Is that what it looks like when he's bonking me? I can't believe I take it all in."

"April," Heather drawled, "I don't think there's a man on the planet you couldn't take in—or wouldn't."

April pouted. "Not so! I may be a little over affectionate here in Coronado but I do have certain standards. I mean, for one thing I insist on knowing the dude's name."

"Julie," Cindy began, "what's this about Scottie maybe making a baby in you?"

The room instantly went silent.

Julie rolled her eyes. "Men! What I said was that I know he daydreams about it and that someday he might get a chance to. But next month Larry and I are starting a family so let all your guys know that I'm off limits until I test positive. And so is Larry. I don't want him wasting any magic baby juice on anyone but me. Then, in another couple of years I'm thinking, nothing beyond that yet, but thinking of just going off the pill and taking my chances. That means Scott has about one chance in eight of fathering my second. But then, so would all the others."

"Sperm wars," Heather McIntyre breathed, "fecundity of the fittest—or at least of the luckiest. I don't know why, but for some reason that actually sounds appealing. Maybe Mike and I should do the same next month. One guaranteed heir for the clan but after that it would be my baby and no one else's business? Interesting."

Honey Loong took her chin in her hand, rubbing thoughtfully. "What do you think, Tabitha? Maybe we could make this the Fertile Moon? All of us get preggers with our hubbies this year and then when the whelps are about three opening it up to all comers?"

Julie put her hand over her lips to smother a laugh. "My OB-GN says once your period ends, have sex every other night until the test shows positive. She swears she's never seen it fail in normal, healthy couples. Of course, I didn't ask her about perverted, healthy octets . . ."

"I'm in." Cindy declared, "The Birnbaum will never know what hit him until I get the baby bump."

Some sort of group enthusiasm began to overtake the group and all the women started looking at their calendars, making plans for redecorating, muttering about knitting but most of all—thinking three years ahead!