 I'm a breast man.

I fucking love tits, and love to fuck them. Not that I'm only into a girl with a big rack, or don't enjoy other kinds of sex – far from it. But a good titfuck can combine everything I look for in some really good sex. First, it involves breasts. Second, it involves fucking – a blowjob or handjob might be great, but sometimes, you really just want to thrust into something. Third, the finish: over her breasts, on her face, or in her mouth... I've been asked what exactly it is that a cumshot really adds to sex. I mean, it's not like it adds much in the way of physical pleasure, but it really does set things off for that perfect finish. It just adds something so overtly sexual, so inherently vulgar, that I can't resist wanting it.

Of course, I say all this to preface a story about a titfuck.

It happened a little over a year ago, at the beginning of summer, in Paris. I'm not from France, and neither was the girl, but that was where she was living at the time, and where I went to visit her. We used to be lovers, but had since split apart and moved on. I was with another girl at the time, and the three of us had even had an ill-advised threesome – which, sadly, constitutes the only threeway I've experienced so far, and was kind of a disappointment. But this isn't supposed to be a story about disappointments.

We were staying in this shitty hotel just outside the Gare du Nord; I'm talking about a real dump. The latch on the window was broken, and I had to wedge a chair against it to keep it from swinging into the room, the beds were rock solid, and the bathroom was full of ants – and, being Paris in the beginning of summer, the heat was un-fucking-believable. I'm English, which I guess doesn't prepare folks for hot weather at the best of times, but I've never been one for the heat anyway. The weather did mean though that this girl was slumming around our hotel room in some pretty revealing outfits.

So let's talk about her. I guess the first thing that anyone notices about her is that she's short, real short – but cute for it. The second thing is that she has a hell of a lot of cleavage. She had amazing breasts, and while we'd had some good times in bed before we broke up, it was losing access to those tits that was the real kicker. I won't quote cup sizes, not least because I swear they grew since we split, but she was far more than a handful, and when she squeezed them together, she had the most fuckable tits I've had the pleasure of seeing – and enjoying – up close. Still, the way I talk about her chest doesn't really do the rest of her justice – she was a looker for sure, with great skin, dark hair, and big eyes. Being so short, combined with her cute features, and large breasts, she kind of looked like a doll, or cartoon character, at times.

I hadn't gone to Paris with the intention of hooking up with her, we were just old friends hanging out in a city we both wanted to explore, but I can't say it didn't cross my mind. And it didn't take long for me to see her naked again. Off went the sweaty tank top, out came the skin. She said I'd seen it all before, but though I doubt she'd ever admit it, I think she gets off on exposing herself to people like that – even when it is just me, and I really have seen it before. The first night in that god awful room she was sleeping in the same bed as me, both of us naked, and man did she feel good pressed up against me. But nothing happened. I wasn't in any rush to cheat on my girl back home, and she seemed content to do her best to tease me without pushing too far.

The next night was a little different. As I keep emphasising, this hotel really was shitty, and taking a shower was a little like Russian roulette – you never knew when the hot water would give out and you'd be hit with some freezing cold, and with the weather, we were showering like twice a day anyway. That second night, we decided to just take a shower together. It wasn't really a spoken thing, we just did. We stripped off together and stepped into the bath, and she had her back to me as the water kicked in. She looked great, with the water rolling off her shoulders, and down her back. When she washed her hair, with her arms lifted up, I could see the sides of her breasts from behind. I was getting hard, and the urge to, well, go with my urges was growing. I started to test the waters, soaping up my hands and massaging her back. My hands slipped around and cupped her breasts, and she moved against me, with my cock pressing against her back. I kissed her neck, and she twisted to press her lips to mine, and kept turning, till we were face to face.

We made out, feeding an old hunger both of us had forgotten. It wasn't that I had missed her, or even that I missed the sex with her, but as soon as were together again it was like slipping into something familiar, something I didn't even realise I'd lost. We knew each other, what we wanted, how to drive each other wild. She knew what I wanted to do most, as she slid down my body, her breasts slippery from the soap and the water but her nipples rock hard and dragging against my skin. She wrapped her arms around me, fingernails digging into my back, but more importantly her breasts were squeezed together and my cock slid right between them. Her tits were so soft, I could have come right there, just from the thrill of experiencing her like this again. Fortunately, I held out, not wanting to waste the opportunity by blowing my load like an over-excited virgin.

At first she moved up and down a little, massaging my dick with her breasts, and god did it feel good, but it wasn't enough. I slipped my hands around her breasts again, pushing them together, tighter around my cock, and started to thrust my hips, to really fuck her tits. She smiled knowingly, and tilted her head down, and for a moment I relinquished my grip on her tits so I could fuck her mouth instead. She was on her knees now, and my hands rested on either side of her head, lightly holding her in place as I thrust in and out, faster and harder. She'd often gotten me off like this when we'd been dating, almost passive while I fucked her mouth, while she fingered herself, fingers slipping between the folds of her pussy. I knew that later we'd fuck again, and I'd do my best to repay her three times over for what she doing for me, but in that moment I was seized by the thrill of what I was experiencing.

I pulled out of her mouth and pulled her to her feet, not wanting to come yet, and not wanting to come in her mouth either. I stroked her tits and pushed them together again, and slipped my dick back between them. A standing titfuck isn't exactly the easiest thing in the world logistically, but the feeling is amazing, in part because I wasn't fighting gravity to squeeze her tits together like I would be if she was on her back. I was getting close now, the flesh between her breasts slick with precum as much as soapy water, and I moved faster and faster, that intense feeling building.

Then I was coming, spurting up between her tits to hit her chin. She dropped to her knees again, grabbing a hold of my cock and jacking me off, the feeling of it nearly knocking me off my feet. She had one hand on my dick, and her other arm cupped under her breasts, pressing them together as a target for my come. She caught some on her tits, and more across her lips and cheek as she took me in her mouth for the very end. When she was done and I began to go soft, she leaned back, my come streaked across her face and gathering in the valley of her cleavage. She looked so obscenely erotic I wished I had my camera. Then she was under the water again, washing off the evidence of our play, and I was content to watch her as the shower poured over her.

Paris in the summer? It's not so bad.