 For the prequels to this story, please see Frenemies With Benefits chapters 1 and 2.

I am reading all comments that are submitted, and I appreciate all of them. Thank you for your honesty, compliments, and encouragement.

*

John: 

It had been a month since he'd broken up with Vanessa. Hell, it'd been a month since he'd had sex. For him, that was a damn long time. And the whole time, he still couldn't stop thinking about Jennifer. He thought at first she'd start to warm up to him. Two incredible sexual rendezvous ought to do that to a person. However, she'd remained as cold as ice. Colder, in fact. 

After their last time in the office, she came to work, and left. There was no talking, no banter, not even biting sarcasm or harsh criticism. She just came and left. If she had something to say to him, it was only work related. She'd say what she had to say, and leave. He even tried to joke with her a few times, with no response, then called her Jenny, and she didn't correct him... didn't even act like she'd heard him. He wasn't really sure what he'd done, but he felt like an ass nonetheless. 

He glanced down at his watch. 6:47. He'd promised Mike he'd meet him and a few other guys for drinks at Toby's, a local bar, at 7:00. He grabbed his jacket and headed out the door.

He spotted Mike immediately upon entering. Walking to him, the closer he got the worse Mike looked. His disheveled, sleepless look had John wondering if he'd hit the bottle hard again. Even so, disheveled and sleepless somehow didn't take away the affect Mike had on women. He was flirting with some hot blonde already. Still, though, he didn't look like himself.

Mike had a reoccurring battle with alcoholism. Everyone had tried to get him to quit for years, but he never would listen. It hurt John to see his very best friend throw away such potential. 

He got to Mike and sat, seeing that his friend had already gotten him his drink of choice, and the blonde left when John approached.

"How you doing man?" John asked him taking a sip, "And where are the guys at?"

"Ah you know. They backed out at the last minute, but I figured you and I could catch up, at least. I'm not so great at the moment."

John looked up to see Mike's brooding face, "What's goin on?"

Mike sighed, looking down, "I got fired man. I've been working there for years, and they fired me. I had to move back in with my parents... I'm a single grown man living with my parents," he shook his head dejectedly, "I don't even know what to do anymore. My mom gave me money to go out tonight, just because she likes me hanging out with you. I'm not thirteen anymore... It sucks," he finished lamely. 

"Mike I'll get you tonight, don't worry. You don't need to spend your mom's money."

"I don't need to spend yours either. At least she's my mom. You're my friend."

John sighed, and promised himself to pick up Mike's ticket. "Hey..I know your going through it but you haven't been drinking heavy again have you? That's the last thing you need..."

"Only a little. I'm fine John. I don't need help. I'm not an alcoholic."

"Ok...ok," John sighed. He hadn't seen Mike in months, and wasn't going to spend this night fighting with him. 

They got into lighter conversation talking about John's work, and Mike's parents. John had a special place in his heart for them. They'd been better parents to him than his own had been. Every single event he'd ever had from baseball to graduation, they'd been there. 

His parents missed nearly everything. They were divorced, and both had turned to alcohol after the bad break up, leading to a very dysfunctional home life that had pushed John to make something of himself in life. Had he not had the support of Mike's parents, he wasn't sure where he'd be.

As the conversation continued, he was startled when Mike suddenly yelled waving his arms, "Jennifer! Hey! Over here!!"

He turned to see Jennifer, red faced and wide eyed, with another pretty girl that he recognized from the office... Heather something. Hmmm. He hadn't known they were friends. 

Mike kept calling to her, so she reluctantly walked to their table greeting John with a slight head bob and Mike with a smile and a hug. Go figure. Mike somehow convinced her to stay at their table as he looked at John and winked, motioning his head toward Heather.

"So who's your friend, Jen?" Mike smiled that flirtatious smile he'd used so often in high school.

"Oh, sorry Mike, this is my friend from work, Heather Tillman."

"Ah, so you all know each other?" he asked them. 

"Yeah," Heather smiled shyly.

"So," Mike motioned at John and Jennifer "How are you two getting along in that office? Is the building still standing?"

Jennifer shifted uncomfortably in her seat while John glanced at her and slowly nodded, mumbling, "We have a...uh healthy work relationship."

Everyone looked at Jennifer, expecting something, but she just kept fidgeting. Finally, she stood up, announcing, "I have to go to the restroom. Heather, come with me?"

The two left together, and Mike chuckled, "What is up with girls going to the bathroom together??" 

John, still uncomfortable, just laughed and shook his head.

Mike's eyes narrowed, searching John's, "Alright dude. Fess up."

"I don't know what you..."

"Don't bullshit me man. I've known you too long. You two are either fighting or fucking. Maybe both. What's the deal?"

"I don't even know Heather, man, she just works with me," John mumbled, trying to evade him.

"We both know very well that I'm not talking about Heather. Give it to me straight. You fucking my sister?"

"It's....more complicated than that."

"So that's a yes?"

John sighed, finally giving up, "Yes."

Mike smiled and shook his head, "It's about damn time."

John nearly spewed his drink everywhere. Choking and sputtering he yelled, "What?! We hate each other! We always have!"

His grin widened and he laughed, "Yeah I know. I always knew you'd end up killing each other or fucking each others brains out. You're too perfect for each other. Always have been. The only thing is, you're both too stubborn to see it. You still seeing that hot red head?"

John was nearly speechless. Mike had never even hinted that he thought something more would come from his and Jennifer's strange tolerate-hate relationship. He gathered his wits just as the girls came back and sat down, now answering Mike's question, "No. She and I broke up about a month ago."

"Ooooh that red head that always came to see you?" Heather jumped in, then shied away turning a little red.

John answered Heather's question, but was looking at Jennifer, "Yes, Vanessa. We broke up."

"Why," Mike asked, eyeing the gaze held between his sister and his best friend.

"She wasn't right for me. I may have found someone that is, and I didn't want Vanessa in the way."

Heather's eyes got big, completely oblivious to the tension between the two, "Oh really? Do we know her?"

John broke the gaze and smirked at Heather, "You know, I'm not sure if anyone really does."

***************

Jennifer:

She could not believe this was happening. Surely John hadn't been talking about her...but he had to be. The way he was looking at her... She took another drink of her margarita and sighed. She wasn't sure what to think anymore. 

For the last month, all she could think of was John Tate. Yes, she'd avoided him like the plague, but she'd thought he was still with Vanessa. Jennifer did not want to be in the middle of that, and she did not want to be the other woman. She was better than that. 

But now here he was, saying he was free, and he wanted her. Did she want him? She eyed him across the table, his smile beaming and his eyes gleaming, that hot body just underneath a tight polo... Yeah. She definitely wanted him. No matter how irritating, how frustrating... she did want him.

But was that all she wanted? Sex? Or did she want...all of him?

Her thoughts were interrupted as a tray of jello shots and jeger bombs were brought to the table. She laughed and asked with wide eyes, "Who ordered these??"

Heather laughed and raised her hand, "Guilty! Didn't you hear me? I asked you if you wanted some and you nodded..."

Jennifer bit her lip, "Oh... I must have not heard you right... I really shouldn't..."

John scoffed, "We all know Jenny can't hold her liquor. Isn't that right Jenny?

Just like that time at your cousin's wedding when..."

Her nostrils flared as she stared at him coldly, determinedly taking a jeger bomb and downing it. 

He grinned at her and raised an eyebrow, "So you got one down. You done for the night?"

Wordlessly, she reached for more, and more, watching his face go from gloating to grim.

"That's enough Jenny. You won't be able to drive home."

Her words were slurring already, and she picked up another one, "It's Jennifer, Tate. Don't tell me what to do."

"Jennifer. Don't make me take you home."

"You can't do anything to me." Her nostrils flared again, but those fiery eyes were glassy. "Even if you are my boss. I'm not at work. So fuck you."

***************

John:

John sighed and looked questioningly at Mike, who said, "I'll do whatever you need to get her home."

John nodded and turned to Heather, who seemed unaffected by the alcohol, "It was very nice to sit and talk to you tonight, but I've got to get her home. Did you ride together?"

"No, we met here. Do you need any help?"

"No I think Mike and I got it. Thank you though."

Heather eyed Mike coyly and bit her lip, "Hey Mike... Here's my number.. If you want it I mean."

Mike grinned and took the paper she handed him, nodding, "No problem honey. Trust me, I want it."

Heather left, and John sighed, standing to help a protesting Jennifer.

"I don't neeeed help. I can drive!" She jerked from his grasp. He easily overpowered her and proceeded to drag her to his car. He fished her keys out of her pocket and threw them to Mike.

"I'll drive her, you follow me in her car to her house."

"You gonna stay there with her," Mike grinned at him

"Why? Should I....?"

"She throws up. A lot. Her college days...be prepared to hold her hair."

John smirked and nodded, still dragging a complaining, and very drunk Jennifer and trying to shove her as gently as possible into his car. 

Though it was only a ten minute drive to her house, it seemed like hours as she cursed and slurred and moaned and groaned and just would not shut up. Finally, they reached her house, and she finally seemed willing to accept his help as he pulled her out of the car. 

She stumbled into him on the way to her door, and he caught her, whispering, "Do you need me to carry you?"

She looked at him, seemingly miserable, and mumbled, "I don't feel good John." 

He easily picked her up as she wrapped her arms around him, and giggled, "You're really strong."

Mike ran up next to him and handed him her keys, whispering, "Good luck buddy. You'll need it."

He laughed and sighed, shaking his head, getting her inside the house. He laid her on the couch and put a trash can next to her, just in case.

Sitting on the love seat opposite of her, he turned on the tv and set it to a low volume, soon realizing she was staring at him. 

"...What...?"

"You're really sexy. Have I ever told you that you're really sexy? You are."

John bursted out laughing, and laughed even harder when he saw her look of confusion, "You're not so bad yourself Jennifer," he said when he'd finally calmed down. 

She stood, shakily, and crossed over to him, sitting in his lap and straddling him. "John....I think I kinda like you."

He laughed again, a little unsure this time, and mumbled into her neck, "I thought you hated me." 

She pulled back and thought about that for a bit and nodded, "Yeah, I do. But I kinda like you too. A lot. Maybe." 

Before he could respond, her lips were formed to his, her tongue searching for his, and finding it quickly. He felt her mold to him, her body feeling so good against his... but this was so wrong. He couldn't do this to her. Not when she was so very drunk.

He groaned into her mouth, gently pushing her away, "Jennifer...I can't do this to you.. Not when you're drunk"

She frowned and pouted, "I'm not drunk. Please? I really need you John..." She traced his chest with her fingers, moving her hips against his, feeling him harden underneath her. He wanted her so bad, but the slur of her words made him feel even more guilty for just thinking about it.

"Jennifer... No.. I can't."

She kissed him desperately, breathing hard against him and moaning in between kisses, "Please John... Please. I'll do anything for you. I'll even stop being mean to you. Maybe. Please?" Her moans became throaty and sultry, "Please John. Please fuck me. I know you want to. I can feel it."

He sighed, and carried her to her bedroom, laying her down softly, her pleas still ringing close to his ear, her breath hot, and her words hotter. He wanted her so badly, but he knew he couldn't take her.

He kissed her, sucking her tongue into his mouth, devouring her as she clutched his strong arms trying to pull his body closer. His kisses moved to her neck, sucking and licking his way across her shoulder, then to her other shoulder, and down her chest. 

She moved him away for what seemed like milliseconds to undress herself, practically tearing her clothes off. She then reached for his, but he went back to his journey before her hands could tear his clothes off.

He reached the incline of her breast, his touches turning feather-light, brushing across both of her breasts with small kisses and licks. She began to push his head down, making small gaspy noises and moans. 

He sucked on her delicious breasts, feeling his desire grow. God, he wasn't sure if he could take this with her succulent body writhing under him. He nibbled her tender flesh, and she jerked under him sighing his name. 

He finally reached the center of her breast, taking it into his mouth and sucking and nibbling lightly first on one, then the other. 

"Fuuuuck John.. That's... good... mmmmmm."

He moved past her breasts and down her creamy stomach, her skin feeling so soft against his lips. He felt her curves move inward to her sex, and decided to make her wait a little longer for her release. He moved to her thighs, hearing her protest, "Joooohhn...please!"

Her protest blended into unintelligible moans and sighs as he sucked her flesh and nibbled her thighs that were beginning to get slick with her juices. She grabbed a fistful of his hair trying to pull him up to where she really needed him, and he soon obliged, feeling that she'd had enough torture.

He felt her slick folds under his lips, moaning at the scent of her. She smelled so damn sexy he could barely think. He licked around her pussy lips feeling her buck slightly underneath him. He held her still with one hand, and with his other hand opened her lips, moving his fingers all around her. Sliding one finger into her hot, wet center, he licked around her lips tasting her sweetness. 

She lurched as his tongue came it contact with her, her slurred curses blending into each other. He kept slowly pumping into her with one finger, then licked around her aching clit as he slid another into her, her hips moving against him. 

He felt his own sex aching, pulsing with need for attention. He prayed he could make it through this without taking advantage of her. Even if she didn't remember, he'd hate himself. 

He tried to hurry now, feeling his own need grow. He sucked her clit and pumped his fingers into her faster, her moans only adding fuel to his fire. Soon her hands were digging into his arms, and she lifted against him screaming louder than ever before a chorus of his name along with her favorite curses. 

Finally, after what seemed like ages, she fell back to the bed, her thighs quivering as her curses turned into whimpers. He moved back up to her and affectionately stroked her hair, and kissed her lips softly. 

Her breathing began to even out, so he kissed her on the cheek and murmured, "Good night, Jenny."

She barely whispered back, "Jennifer...." as she fell asleep.

***************

Jennifer:

Jennifer woke up in the middle of the night feeling more nauseated than ever before. She rolled off her bed and stumbled into the bathroom, her stomach feeling like it was on fire. 

She began to vomit, tears coming as she tried to breathe. She absolutely hated getting sick. It was so painful, and she always felt like she would never be able to get her breath back. 

She stopped, beginning to feel better, but soon the sickness returned, wrenching through her entire body. She suddenly felt a hand on her back, soothing her, and another pulling the hair out of her face. John.... She waved her hand at him, trying to tell him to go away, but he wasn't having it. He stayed with her, to her embarrassment, and held her hair until she was sure she was better. 

He then waited for her to wash her mouth and brush her teeth, then carried her back to the bed and laid her down, setting a trash can next to her bed before going back to the couch he'd stayed on all night. 

She watched him leave her room, and wanted to ask him to stay with her, but couldn't find her voice before she fell asleep again. 

The Next Morning:

She woke up with a start. It was 11 a.m., and her head was screaming at her. She moaned and took some of the medicine John had laid on her bedside table... John...

She checked to see if he was still with her, and he was. His big body crammed on her couch couldn't have been comfortable all night long, but he was somehow still asleep.

Getting sick last night had Jennifer feeling gross, so she turned the shower on and jumped into the scalding water. As she washed herself, she started noticing different marks on her skin, small bruises on her thighs that looked like.... were those hickeys? 

She began to examine herself, finding all different kinds of marks, and suddenly her skin warmed as she remembered the night before. John's hot mouth moving all over her, just because she begged him to. She knew he wanted more, but he wouldn't sleep with her while she was drunk......

Then him staying with her through the vomiting.... Boy did she owe him. 

She finished her shower and dressed, finding him still asleep when all was done. She didn't feel so hot, but he'd been...amazing last night. And she wanted to show him her thanks. 

She pulled back the quilt he'd found in her hall closet, and found him only in boxers. Just looking at his body had her hot. She softly got on the couch with him, avoiding putting any weight on him, and moved her head between his muscular legs.

What he was dreaming about, she didn't know, but he was already hard when she fished his throbbing member out of his boxers. She licked lightly along his shaft, her hands wrapping around his thickness. He stirred a little, but wasn't awake. 

Smiling, she took the head of his cock into her hot, wet mouth. Something about a hard cock in her mouth had always turned her on. And John's... Oooh it was delicious. He stirred again as she sucked his head, and began to wake up as she slid her head halfway down his shaft. 

Suddenly, hands were tangled in her hair, and his voice was ragged as he moaned, "Jennifer.. oooohhh yeah.." 

She smiled around his cock, licking around him as she came up, then down, then uuup, then doown....

Pulling him out of her mouth, she licked all the way down his shaft again to his smooth balls. He gasped as her tongue made contact, pulling her hair a little. She played with them lightly, then moved back up to his cock, but leaving her hand to play with his balls.

She took him in her mouth again, sucking and licking all the way down him. She felt him hit the back of her throat, making her gag, but she relaxed herself, and took him further yet, feeling him deep in her throat. 
