 "This name is vaguely familiar," thought Torrey. "Panoff. Panoff. Panoff? No clue."

Anne Panoff added you as a friend on Facebook. We need to confirm that you know Anne in order for you to be friends on Facebook.

"No time for this."

Torrey flipped back over to his work but the name kept bouncing into his head like a sticky song lyric. Even after a few emails, a phone call and a meeting, the name kept bobbing up and down in his memory.

Anne? Anne? Anne!

He finally had a moment to click on the link. As soon as he saw Anne's smile on her facebook picture, he froze and his heart felt like it stopped beating. "My god, it's Anne Gold."

Torrey's memories flashed by like a slideshow on fast forward.

Anne Gold.

Beautiful, happy, sexy Anne Gold. High school crush. High school "coulda been, shoulda been" girlfriend. Cheerleader. Those eyes. That body. That smile. Her hair. Her skin...

Then, that date. The date. Monument Point. Anne curled up in the passenger seat of his Mustang. Parking and looking at the skyline. Their bodies moving closer, silently. Hands brushing. Turning to her. Kissing her. Those lips. My god.

Unbuttoning her blouse. Her breasts held by the most beautiful bra he'd ever seen. Oh and those breasts. They seemed to want to burst from her skin. Kissing Anne and holding her breasts. Not rushing. Savoring. My dear, sweet god.

Driving home thinking about the two of them together. What could have been? Cheerleader Anne. Running back Torrey. Her smile. He could drown in her eyes and happiness.

But then. Kris. His steady. Manipulative. Sexy. First lover. Played guilt strings like an Itzhak Perlman played the violin. Threats. Tears. Screaming. Make-up sex. Finally, no more dates with Anne. No more talking with Anne. No explanations, no closure. No more sweet kisses.

Anne's confusion. Then silence. Then cold shoulder.

"I was an ass," Torrey said out loud. "And a fool."

After all these years, Torrey had given hardly any thoughts to Kris, his literal high school sweetheart. But his torch burned bright for Anne. He could never forget her.

And now she was here on Facebook. Torrey sunk back in his leather chair. Anne Gold. Wow.

Torrey replied with his consent. And then the phone rang and he turned to back to his work. In an hour he was on his way to the airport for a business trip. In another hour he was sprawled in first class with his laptop open in front of him with the different files splayed on his screen.

Work was piled up. Artisan Property proposal, a six figure marketing project. Theodore Tech, a big advertising program. Wilson, a huge website redesign. DBQ Fine Foods new product launch. These projects would pay the bills for a long time and could spring Torrey's company to a new level. Yet...

Anne Gold. Anne Gold. Anne Gold.

I have to write her a note. Does she remember? Does she remember Monument Point? Does she know what really happened?

Torrey took the two hour flight to write and rewrite an email to Anne.

Hi Anne...wonderful surprise...been such a long time...glad you reached out...it's been 30 years...I graduated Yale and then worked in Manhattan...lucky in my career...married...three kids...working hard...divorced...

And then:

I remember our date at Monument Point. Sigh. You probably forgot.

Torrey deleted and undeleted this line until it was time to "turn off all electronic devices and return seat backs and tray tables to their upright and locked position." When he arrived at his hotel, he kept the Monument Point reference and sent it.

At the hotel bar, Torrey thought hard about Anne and his memories. Now he allowed himself the luxury of full blown reminiscence. Anne was a different kind of girl from those he dated in high school, college and as a single man on the fast track. She was confident. Secure. Not needy. Witty. Safe in her own skin. With the benefit of 30 years wisdom, Torrey knew that he had looked for girls that needed him. Back then, he'd not had enough self-confidence to rely on a girl just liking him. He needed their dependence to feel safe. Anne's independence was exhilarating but a little scary at the time.

And of course Torrey remembered Anne's beauty. She was petite, with an incredibly sexy body. She was fit, strong and vibrant. Her breasts were extraordinary and her skin was exquisitely soft. Her chocolate hair adorned her beautiful face like a lion's mane. Her eyes were wonderfully sexy and green, alternately flashing with laughter or smoldering with desire. Anne was sparkling.

Sweet Anne. Sweet, sweet Anne.

Torrey thought about their night making out at Monument Point. Anne was so in the moment with him. He remembered how responsive she was, how electric her skin felt to his touch. He could have kissed her wondrous breasts for hours. Torrey remembered how he held her face in his hands, kissing her lips gently before darting his tongue in her mouth. He remembered that she liked it when he bit her lower lip. Most of all Torrey remembered how he felt instantly that he and Anne could have been torrid lovers. 

********************

Anne could not believe that she'd had the gumption to Facebook Torrey right out of the blue like that. How could she do that?

Anne had been quite successful herself, raising two children and then starting her own company. Her firm took off, grossing in the seven figures immediately. Eventually, she sold out to her partners and now she ran a team of people in the financial industry and was moving up through the ranks quickly. While this came at the expense of her marriage, Anne had felt that she was ready for the next stage of her life. Her smarts, perseverance, and enthusiasm were a perfect combination in the world of business and she confidently tackled any new challenge.

While she had the wonderful combination of a pretty face and that extraordinary body, she carried herself well. She was very comfortable in her own skin, so to speak, and she was neither embarrassed nor overly proud of her beauty. Her ease with herself made her somewhat intimidating to simpler men who thought they could win her over with just a few compliments, some humor or their own good looks.

She was not sure why she had reached out to Torrey, but she was glad nonetheless. He had pursued her, won a date with her and then stopped. He was attached to that crazy bitch Kris, but even still the abruptness of their ending was a bit strange.

********************

Through the course of several emails and phone calls, Torrey and Anne brought each other up to date with their lives, their loves, and their careers. The chemistry that they felt was undeniable, and the desire that developed through their correspondence was palpable.

But while each had the freedom of time and money to have dashed out to each other at a moment's notice, they had not. In a way, they knew that the best thing would be to let their passion simmer through their emails and phone calls. They became friends again first and then confidantes.

Finally, they made arrangements to meet at the Governor Towers Hotel in Manhattan, New York being a favorite spot both of them. Torrey arrived earlier in the day and took advantage of the time. He worked out at the club and then relaxed with a long sauna. Afterward in his suite, he put on one of the plush white robes hanging in the closet. He had a glass of Pinot Noir and had some fruit sent up. While lazing about that afternoon, Torrey thought about how he would make love with Anne, and he could feel himself getting hard. He took himself in his hands and stroked himself to a full hard-on. But he resisted the need for satisfaction, knowing that this would come later. 

He heard the knock on the door and opened it with anticipation. Anne waited in the doorway, her smile dazzling and her energy tangible. She was wearing a sexy dress, with thin material and a blue floral print. The dress highlighted her body wondrously. Torrey swept her into the room. Their eyes sparkled and danced the way they always had 30 years earlier, and Anne could feel the flood of passion that seemed to have always been there between them.

After only a few moments, the former lovers could not resist each other. Torrey took Anne into his strong arms and they looked deep into each others eyes. Torrey brushed the hair away from Anne's face and then touched her face, tracing her soft skin. Their eyes met again and he leaned down to kiss her, their lips softly meeting and their tongues dancing and exploring.

Anne sucked Torrey's lower lip between hers and ran her tongue over and over it again, and then inside his mouth, darting it in and out. Torrey kissed his way up Anne's neck to her ears, and she could feel his warm breath. He took her earlobe between his full lips, and held it while he licked it slowly with his soft tongue.

Feeling how Torrey was kissing her neck and ears and mouth made Anne anticipate how he would make love to the rest of her body later. She could feel her passion starting to make her pussy wet and she began to grind her hips against Torrey. She could feel his hardness already against her belly, and she moaned against his lips as they kissed. Her hands fell down to Torrey's firm ass and she pulled him closer to her.

Torrey took Anne's hand and led her toward the bed. She laid back and watched Torrey undress. Torrey hesitated for a second, and then boldly, almost proudly, removed his robe. Fully naked, he stood before Anne, his hardness rising against his stomach. Anne's eyes met Torrey's and then gazed slowly down his fit body, stopping at his hard cock. It was pulsing and firm and almost crimson with desire. She could feel her pussy getting wet.

Torrey held Anne's ankles and pulled her toward himself, until her ass was on the edge of the bed. He knelt between her legs and unwrapped her sexy body from the loose confines of her dress. Then it was Torrey's turn to gaze, and he looked hungrily at Anne's sexy body, his cock pulsing involuntarily as he took in her breasts, rising and falling with her quickening breath, and her firm outstretched legs.

Torrey kissed the tops of Anne's feet and toes and moved up her ankles, his lips tracing light butterfly kisses on her smooth skin. Raising her legs, he kissed behind her knees and ran his fingertips over her legs. He moved his hands and fingers and lips over the skin of her upper thighs. Torrey kissed all around her pussy and above it to the smoothness of her belly. He teased her, almost touching her where she wanted him too. He ran the backs of his fingertips up her belly to the bottom of her full breasts, lightly caressing their underside, on the way to her shoulders. He moved his naked body up hers, and she could feel his hardness now, hot and urgent against her thigh. He straddled Anne's body and looked down at her.

Anne reached down as if to hold Torrey's cock in her hands, but instead she raked her red fingernails over his thighs and belly, teasing him in return. She could feel his strong chest muscles as she touched him and could feel him shudder as she pinched his nipples. 

Torrey caressed all around her breasts, moving closer and closer to the nipples, but not quite touching her there yet. Finally, he pressed his palms into her breasts, letting her now very hard nipples slide between his fingers, where he could squeeze them. Torrey took Anne's hands in his and placed them on his throbbing cock. She finally took his member in both her hands, and she could not believe how hot and urgent it was against her cool fingers. Torrey's excitement was almost overwhelming, and he placed his hands over Anne's on his cock and made her stroke him up and down. Anne groaned when she saw a bead of pre-cum form at the engorged head of Torrey's cock, and then another, and another, as the juice run down his shaft, covering her fingers.

Torrey leaned down to cup one breast with both hands, and took a nipple between his soft lips, suckling it into his mouth, his tongue dancing all around and over it. He could feel Anne's small hands and cool fingers embracing his cock, her thumbs pressed against the underside. His cock felt like a fiery poker in her hands, almost hot to the touch, aflame for her.

"Good god Anne, how I have wanted you," said Torrey, groaning as she stroked him.

Anne was almost panting now, her need for Torrey so intense. "Oh Torrey, my god, please take me, I need you. Please." She looked again at his enraged cock almost erupting in her hands and she groaned against Torrey's lips.

But instead, Torrey moved back down her body, and knelt again between Anne's legs. He placed his hands on each of her thighs and parted them, where he could look at her. Anne let him gaze at her pussy, thrilling at her own brazenness, unashamed and lusty. Torrey kissed her thighs and moved lower. He reached under and cupped Anne's ass with his strong hands and lifted her to his face. She could feel his warm breath on her pussy lips, and then she could feel his lips getting closer and closer to touching her. Torrey kissed on both sides of her pussy, and ran his tongue up and down, almost touching her outer lips, teasing her relentlessly.

"Oh god, Torrey, please. Please touch me. Please touch me. Please." Anne groaned as she thrust her hips at Torrey's face, trying to make contact with her yearning pussy, needing relief. She put both hands on the back of his head, trying to push his mouth against her pussy, but he was too strong, and was able to resist her need.

Torrey leaned back and then moved in again, this time letting his tongue run so lightly run up the middle of Anne's pussy, up and down again, and again gently spreading her swollen lips. Anne's body relaxed and then tensed again as Torrey licked between her lips, tasting her and loving her. His lips and tongue swirled back and forth. She could feel his full lips surround her clit, and her tongue ran lazy circles around and around it, moving closer and closer. Then she felt his lips close around her hard clit. Torrey took it softly into his waiting mouth, pressing against it with his tongue, and then over and around again and again.

"OH MY GOD," panted Anne, as she began to come. She raised her arms to her sides, and bit her knuckle as she rolled her head from side to side. Her breasts were heaving as she came; thrusting her hips against Torrey, and feeling him bury his face deep in her pussy.

Just then, Torrey inserted a fingertip in her pussy, and then another. He inserted them just a little ways into her, pressing up against her, letting her feel the pressure there. He began to stroke her steadily with his fingers, sometimes pressing upwards, sometimes circling inside her, and sometimes spreading his strong fingers deep in her. All the while, Torrey's lips and tongue were swirling and sucking and devouring her, tasting, taking in her warm sexiness.

Anne began to come again, harder and harder as the waves crashed over her body.

"Ohhh" she cried, thrusting her hips. As she thrust up, she slid her clit over Torrey's soft mouth and on the movement down, she impaled herself on his strong fingers, moving inside her pussy.

"Oh my god, oh god, can't stop, can't stop coming, ooooooo," Anne whimpered, completely oblivious to anything but her own pleasure.

Rather than let his lover come down and catch her breath, Torrey moved his mouth and tongue steadier, and faster. He moved his fingers deeper inside her, until he was churning them in and out as though he was fucking her. Anne arched her back again, pressing her pussy into his willing mouth as he buried his face in her. Anne clenched the bed sheets with her toes and fingers and writhed in the throes of her multiple orgasms.

"Oh god, please, please, let me stop, please, oh god", cried Anne, her head shaking from side to side. She put her feet on Torrey's strong shoulders, and the heat from his body set her off again. "Ahhhh!" she cried, her pussy spasming again and again. I can't stop!"

Torrey finally slowed his pace, and removed his hands and mouth from Anne's pussy. She relaxed, for a second, and reached down for Torrey's cock. He was moving up her body, his need extraordinary now. She almost fainted when she held his cock. It was so engorged it felt like it was going to burst and was soaking wet from all the pre-cum oozing forth. She stroked him with one hand, her fingers almost unable to reach around the hot shaft. With the other hand, she cradled his balls, and she could not believe how heavy and full they felt. She was almost coming again, knowing how excited and close to orgasm Torrey was. She pulled him by the cock upwards, moving it towards her pussy.

Torrey took her legs and spread them wide. He raised himself above her, holding himself up at the knees and with his arms fully outstretched. There was no body contact whatsoever except for the swollen head of his cock at the entrance to Anne's pussy.

She was panting now and looked up at him with glazed eyes. "Please..." she whispered.

Torrey said, "Sweet Anne, I want you. I have to have you. Please baby, I want you."

He looked into her eyes and he slowly entered her, inch by throbbing inch, so slowly it was almost torturous. Their thoughts were focused on Torrey's thick shaft entering Anne's incredibly wet pussy. Torrey finally entered her completely, and Anne could feel his heat, deep inside her, filling her completely. Then Torrey slowly began to withdraw, again inch by inch, until he was completely outside of her, his cock head resting against her pussy lips. Without stopping he entered her again, slowly once more and then slowly withdrew.

Again and again, Torrey eased his hard cock into Anne's wet pussy, slowly penetrating her with exquisite torture for both of them. Anne watched Torrey, his eyes closed, his face almost grimacing in complete ecstasy. She loved to see his pleasure and she thrilled to know that she was able to please him as he had pleasured her.

Finally, Torrey could not control himself any longer and his need and urgency took over. His hips began to move faster and faster until he was pistoning his cock in and out of Anne's pussy. He was making long strokes still, completely withdrawing and re-entering her pussy with each thrust, the head of his pulsating cock spreading her wet folds. He began to move faster and faster until he could feel the thunderbolt begin deep in his thighs and behind his head all at once.

Anne could feel Torrey's intensity increase and watched his face as he began to move so quickly. His mouth opened into an oval, as though he was screaming, but no sound came out. She reached up to take his hands and he held them over her head, clenching them in his passion. Torrey's hips were a blur now, as he pounded his cock into Anne's frame, his heavy balls slapping against her ass.

"OH MY GOD," Torrey cried out, his cock almost bursting inside Anne. He could not believe how hard he was coming. He could feel his balls clench as they prepared to unload his seed deep inside her. "OH MY GOD!"

Anne could feel his cock beginning to spasm deep inside her. It felt like a hot snake writhing inside her body, and as she felt these tremors and watched Torrey's expression of complete pleasure, she came again for a final time.

"Ohh' she wailed, "Yes. Agaaaainnnn".

"I have to see you", she panted, and she slid her body quickly, taking Torrey's cock out of her and holding it in her hand hands, jacking it back and forth as thought it were still in her pussy. With her other hand, she cupped his balls, squeezing gently. As heavy and as full as they were before, they now felt like two ripe lemons now, ready to burst.

As soon as Torrey felt Anne's cool fingers surrounding his inflamed cock, he began coming. Her expert hands were coaxing his sperm from his balls, and he felt the explosions begin.
