 Authors note: The following story or series of stories, depending on how well the first one evolves, are loosely based on real events. All names have been altered to protect the guilty and all persons are consenting and over the age of eighteen.

*****

Jay waited on the bench near the small parking lot and watched for her car. He had texted the directions thirty minutes before when she said she would be heading out and he had forgotten what exactly she was supposed to be driving.

He was never very good at remembering what it was people drove and had only met this woman once before at a coffee shop in a small town two counties removed from where either of them lived.

The parking lot he was in was very small, only four spaces. It was the lot for an historical state park site which was seldom used and not far from where he lived. He would have liked to take Bambi home to do her properly but the woman was a little skittish.

He was also pretty certain that her name wasn't Bambi. No matter. She was hot and more importantly hot to trot. She was definitely a risk taker and he was hoping that would help with his plans for her this afternoon.

When Jay had investigated the dating website geared toward married cheaters he was quite surprised to find that single people were allowed to join. Since the site was designed for cheaters it was more likely to afford him the attachment-free sex he was looking for. He had been divorced four years and was in no hurry to recommit.

Bambi had listed herself as attached and gave her age as forty five. Jay was fifty but could easily pass for ten years younger. He kept himself in good shape and from the photos Bambi had been sexting him he could see that she took very good care of her body as well.

After initially getting her attention via the website Jay had gotten an email address and cell number from Bambi and the two had been exchanging provocative emails and teasing texts for a number of weeks before their first meet. When she had given him the number via email she had asked him not to call as she didn't want to alert her boyfriend by having the phone ring at an inopportune time.

Jay had written a few fantasy stories for her and sent them in the form of downloadable attachments for her to read.

He hoped that this would intrigue her enough to want to meet a slightly older man as her profile had indicated she was more interested in younger.

It had worked.

Until their meeting for coffee a month previousely he had never heard her voice but had seen enough of her body to know he would enjoy fucking this sexy woman.

Some of her texts were very flirty. She had also sent him shots of herself topless and bottomless. She had avoided showing her face in these sexts but Jay had seen her face in another shot and she was quite pretty with big blue eyes and dirty blonde hair

*******

Their first meeting at the coffee shop had gone well. As soon as he had entered he spotted her and she smiled at him nervousely from the table she occupied.

"Hi Bambi. I'm glad you decided to come. I wasn't sure you would."

"I made it but it's a long story."

"How so?"

"I got a speeding ticket on the way."

"You what?"

"I thought we were meeting at one and I was running late. I didn't want you to think I wasn't showing up so I guess I gave the car a little too much gas. After the trooper gave me the ticket I got here about one forty five and didn't see anyone that looked like you and thought you had already left."

"I wouldn't have left without texting you to see what was up."

"I know that now. I looked at my phone a couple of minutes before you walked in and scrolled through our messages and saw that we had agreed on two. I feel like such a dumbass."

"Well you're not. That can happen to anyone especially when they get nervous."

"Are you nervous too?"

"A little. Do you want some coffee?"

"I had some already but I can wait while you have some."

"No. It's ok. It's so nice out I'd rather take a walk with you if it's alright."

Bambi had agreed immediately and they had walked down a few side streets of the quaint old town. When Jay reached out and took hold of her hand she thrilled at the touch. She felt like a teenager again instead of a forty something mom of a teenager. A hottie who was adventuring outside her relationship.

She had been married to her sons father but that had broken up some ten years earlier when he had discovered her affair with her now boyfriend. He hadn't been her first either.

She had a very high sex drive and her sexting and flirting with men like Jay had only taken a little of the edge off.

As they walked together on that first coffee meet and greet Jay felt waves of pent up sexuality oozing from this foxy woman. When he took her in his arms to kiss her she responded eagerly and kissed him back hungrily. She had pressed her body back against his raging hard on and when his hands had dropped to cup her ass cheeks through her sundress he took note that she was wearing no underwear. If it hadn't been broad daylight with passersby he would have glided a hand up her thigh and slid a couple of fingers into what was undoubtedly a wet pussy. 

Jay had wanted to take her back to his place or rent a room at a local motel and fuck this vixen until neither of them could take any more. That was not to be at that time however.

Bambi had said she had to get back and pick up her son from school. She had told Jay that she wanted to see him again and soon but he had sensed great hesitancy.

A couple of weeks passed with occasional sext reminder that she was still interested and Jay had come upon the idea for this outdoor daylight meet a few days back.

She had accepted the idea and probably thought that some more teenage like groping would be all that would happen in a public place. 

There was likely to be only an hour for them to spend together and Jay was determined to make the most of the time. He had scouted the park which consisted of a winding mowed trail through a strip of land which followed a stream. A half mile later there was a monument to the famous long dead American whose birthplace was commemorated by the site. In addition to the stone monument there was a picnic table and a small pavilion. There were also a couple of benches along the trail to the site where the public might pause and enjoy the stream and the rolling meadows beyond.

It was a park that seemed to be seldom used but the possibility of discovery was still real.

His phone buzzed and it was a text from Bambi. He hoped she wasn't cancelling and he was relieved to note that it was only that she was having difficulty finding the park. Evidently she had driven past the entrance and he hadn't noticed. He called her number and talked her back to the parking lot entrance, standing by the road and waving her in.

When Bambi pulled in and rolled down her window she looked a bit flustered and embarrassed. 

"This is hard to find." She said stepping from her car and smiling nervously at Jay.

"It's a nice small park. Less chance of company. It's a beautiful day sexy lady. Let's take a walk."

Their cars were the only two in the small lot and Bambi locked hers and walked up to Jay and said. "Sure."

He took her hand and the warmth was electric. After a few paces down the trail Jay turned to her and kissed her deeply, pulling her body tight against his so she could feel his enthusiasm. They were still within sight of the country road but no cars passed during the embrace. Jay ran his hands down her sundress and over her well toned ass. He was pleased to note that she once again wasn't wearing panties.

"You are very happy to see me. I can tell."

"Can't put anything past you." Jay took one of Bambis hands and placed it over his rigid bulge. She squeezed him through his pants and drove her tongue back into his mouth.

They broke the embrace and walked a little ways down the trail to where the first bench was.

Jay sat down and Bambi sat on his lap wiggling her butt against his hardening cock. They started to kiss like eager teenagers out from under the observation of protective parents.

Jay caressed her breasts through the thin material of the sun dress. No bra. Her nipples were hard. Knowing that she was naked except for the sun dress made him even harder.

After looking down the trail both ways he unzipped and freed his cock.

Bambi got off his lap and sat next to him on the bench and silently bent over to take him into her buttery soft mouth.

Heaven!

It was but a few sucks before she stopped but her blowjob skills were exemplary. 

She stopped because they both heard a sound which caused Jay to quickly put his saliva coated cock back into his shorts and zip back up.

The sound turned out to be a cow rustling the hedges on the other side of the small stream adjacent to the trail.

They both laughed a little and Jay said.

"Let's go on a bit. There's a picnic table at the end of the trail and I want to lay you on it and taste you."

"Oooh, yes. Let's go. I'm dripping."

They walked the last two hundred yards and turned into the clearing where the monument, pavilion, and bench all were. It was secluded but not overly so. It was a public park after all and the thought of a troop of scouts or even just a single bird watcher happening upon them while they were engaged in what they were about to engage in made Jays blood run hotter and engorged his prick further. 

Presumably Bambi felt the same rush of naughtiness and excitement at the possibility of being discovered.

When he kissed her again and reached a hand under the dress he found her sopping. Sopping and shaved smooth and wriggling in delight against his probing fingers.

Jay pulled his sweatshirt off and lay it on the edge of the picnic table. Then he took Bambi and placed her on it so that her soon to be naked ass wouldn't get splinters while he feasted on her pussy.

They were positioned so that Jay could see the entrance to the clearing from the trail in case anyone came upon them. They were also visible through some breaks in the trees from some of the surrounding fields but there seemed to be only livestock as possible witnesses to their tryst.

Jay got down on his knees and dove right in. He ran his tongue all over her pulsing mound and licked up her freely flowing juices.

"Oooh yesss!" Bambi said almost breathlessly. "Eat me. Make me come. Dont tease me."

But tease her he did. For fifteen minutes he worked her pussy and clit expertly with his lips and tongue. Sucking, licking, lathering and nibbling until she was on the edge of exploding and then backing away to lick her inner thighs or blow hot puffs of air on her engorged clit.

"Look back over your shoulder towards the trail and warn me if you see someone coming."

He had told her early in his pussy eating session.

A couple of times he had paused when she was on the edge to say.

"Shhh, did you hear something?" Then, "Never mind, it must be the wind."

Jay hadn't really heard anything. He only wanted to heighten her sense of possible imminent discovery. He somehow sensed that it turned her on.

After the third time he played out that ruse she grabbed his head by the hair and ground his face into her groin. 

"Stop fucking around and make me come you teasing bastard. I need it so bad."

Jay complied. He sucked her clit between his lips and rapidly flicked his tongue back and forth across it while rapidly finger fucking her deeply.

In less than thirty seconds she flooded his face with her orgasm and cried out loudly as her legs shook with the violence of the orgasm.

"Quiet baby. You'll wake the farmers."

Jay stood and slickened his exposed cock with some of her juice which he had wiped from his face. He had been jerking and fondling himself while eating Bambi and now he was ready for his fun. 

He put one of her ankles over each of his shoulders and lined himself up with her still spasming opening. He spanked her clit with his pulsing cock head and then slid into her deeply.

"Oh my God you are so hard. Easy big boy. It's been a while."

Jay started fucking her velvety smooth channel with slow even strokes, savoring the feel of her on every inch of his erection as it slid in and then out. Her walls and lips sucked and stroked him, bathing him in her warm wetness. 

Jay reached down with one hand and fondled her heaving breasts, alternating between the two and playfully teasing the nipples. His other hand stroked and fondled her ass cheeks. He even went so far as to lick a finger and inset it into her asshole up to the second knuckle for a few seconds before withdrawing it and going back to stroking her flanks. She hadn't objected to the intrusion he noted and filed that fact away for another day. 

He needed to come now and her steaming pussy was just the place. His balls were rising up and that special pre orgasm tingle was beginning.

"Touch yourself for me Bambi. I want to see you play with yourself and come on my big cock while I shoot my hot come deep inside you."

Jay picked up the pace and started to fuck her more vigorously. Bambi started to frig her clit furiously, each of them seemingly racing the other to an explosive finish.

"Come for me baby. Come quickly now. I think I hear someone coming. They are almost here. They are coming around that that bend. They are coming. Oh my God I'm coming! Take it. Take it baby. Oooh yeah!"

Jay held himself deep inside her, the head of his cock swelling and spewing his hot seed against her cervix. This was while her pussy spasmed and clutched at his length as she orgasmed around him.

He softened inside her and after a few moments plopped out. Their combined juices oozed from her opening and slid down the crack of her ass until a small puddle formed on his sweatshirt. Bambi stood and used one of the sleeves to dab at her leaking pussy. Jay dropped to a knee and kissed and licked up what she couldn't gather, giving her clit a final suck before rising again to his feet.

"That was quite the load you had for me."

"You are very inspirational."

"Thank you." She said, blushing and trying to regain some semblance of coquetishness.

"We need to do this again."

"Yes we do." She agreed.

They did do it again. Two or three more times in fact. All at his place. All brief sex only encounters and all hot. None however were as hot, as sexually charged, as this had been.

It had been electric and they both knew it. 

When Jay had walked with her back to the parking lot and their respective cars they had made some small talk about subjects he could now not remember. It didn't matter. The purpose of their meeting had been to slake their lust and slake it they most certainly had.

The evidence of that was in the cum stained sweatshirt that Jay tossed into the back seat of his car. He held and kissed her before she had to hustle off to do some grocery shopping for her families dinner tonight. After they had closed their respective car doors and started their engines another car pulled into the lot carrying a young mother with her two kids. Jay and Bambi shared a look and almost burst out laughing.

He would head home and beat off again to the memory and scent of her.

While he masturbated he would check his email from the site for any other prospects. 

Life was good.