 Jola's development continues from 'Fresh Narcissa' and 'Narcissae Opening.' These follow on from 'Small Recorder' and 'Recorder Encore,' which recount my encounters with Jola. Her, Zbyszka's and Kasza's initiation by Danka didn't stop with one session.. She had more to show them, when they had recovered from the orgasmathon of her first visit, before she returned to Germany, where she was studying and teaching, and maintaining her physiological fitness with the clinic she had recommended to the trio. I will continue in the third person, beginning with the quartet naked in Jola's room.

Anticipation and the renewed revelation of Danka's beauty and rampant sexualness ensured that we three acolytes were already fully aroused, as we grappled ourselves to her, kissing and caressing those magnificent breasts and bottom. Kasza's inner thighs were glazed with her vaginaslime and Zbyszka and I were thrusting our cocks against her thighs and cheeks, as if we might somehow jab our way into some orifice. Her hands were busy, too, squeezing our bottoms, fingering our cracks and thrusting her tongue into our eager mouths.

'Let's relieve some of the pressure,' Danka said. 'Have you three tried tying the ideal love-knot for such a trio as you?'

'I think I know what you mean,' said Kasza, manoeuvring Zbyszka onto the bed on her back, and gathering lovejuice from her vagina. 'Now, if I lie on top of you and we help each other, you could get into my bottom.' She wiped her oozes into her crack and laid herself on her back on Zbyszka. 'Lend a hand,' she said, and Danka helped them into position and guided Zbyszka's cock-top to nestle against Kasza's anus. She, 'Don't be cautious. Just go in. I want you in there now. Go on,' and Zbyszka forced her way in.

Danka and I watched in delight as her cock slid slowly in, with both of them hissing and grunting with mixed pain and pleasure. Danka said, 'Good idea to start with a small one. Eventually you'll be able to suck in monsters, but for now, you're so brave, and she's all the way in. So, to you, Jola, falls the easier task of getting into that pretty pussy.'

I need no more encouragement, and Danka helped to open and arrange the four legs, so that I could get between them and bring my penis to the vestibule, at which point Danka lifted and pushed my bottom to and I slid home. She said, 'Now you can come in ones, twos or three. Let me help.' She knelt beside us and pushed her hand between Kasza' stomach and mine and sought her clitoris.

For a moment we remained still, rejoicing in our linkage. Then Kasza said, 'Go ahead, my darlings. Just let go when you're ready. This is so exciting I'm nearly coming. 'The feeling in my bum is strange but sweet. What's it like you, Zbyszka love?'

'It's so tight, but marvellous. I feel I'm right inside you, and you're gripping me, so that you'll suck it out of me. Were are you, dear Jola?'

'I can feel you through her cuntwall,' I said. 'If you move it'll make me come.'

'Do it!' Kasza commanded, 'Do it now! I want to feel you both filling me with your lovely spunk. I can feel you both and it's wonderful.'

Zbyszka thrust only a millimetre or so, but it was enough. We both yelled, 'It's coming. I'm coming. Now!' And we both felt Kasza's rectum constrict and let go, constrict and let go and her vagina fluttered with her climax. She moaned, 'Oooh, so good, sooo good.'

I felt sperm leak out round my cock, and we lay on each other, spent, for some minutes, till Danka said, 'Can I join the party? I'm bursting my balls to come.'

'Are you still hard in that lovely bottom?' I asked Zbyszka. 'I think you are. She's keeping you up with her bum.'

Since I was temporarily, anyway, flaccid and had fallen out of the Kaszacunt, I eased myself out from between the two sets of parted legs and stood up. And Danka lost no time in taking my place, saying, 'Oh, yes, thank you, dear Jola, I can skate in, like this, and soak myself in your sweet junket. I'm going to hose into you, Kasza, and I can feel Zbyszka, so hard, through your membrane.'

'You're so big and hard,' Kasza said, 'And I'll come again when you come.'

Zbyszka said, 'I can feel Danka through you, darling, and that's making me come. If I just go back a little and ram in - oh, yes, I'm coming!'

Danka's bottom clenched as she drove in and said quietly, 'Yes, yes, it's on the way. Here it comes.'

'Both at once, again!' said Kasza. 'Wonderful, and I'm coming, coming - lovely.'

Our revels were almost ended, but there were two further stages in our explorations. The first followed a period of rest, after the day's first fine careless rapture. Then Danka said, 'Every woman and every transwoman needs to know just what kinds of penetration she is happy to make and to permit. So, dear Kasza, you have had your first time up your bottom, and you seemed to enjoy it, but we could test you a little further.'

'You mean, would I like a rather larger cock up the bum? Try me, Danka, try me.' She extricated herself from the tangle on the bed and knelt on it, back hollowed to tilt up her bottom. 'Zbyszka's left two lots of cum to ease the way,' she said. 'So, if you are ready...'

Danka stood and we studied her penis. It was half erect, shiny with mixed cock and cunt exudations. She said, 'Bring me on, Jola, get me hard.' I happily folded my fingers round that glorious tool, drew its foreskin over the glans and back behind its shoulders. I longed to keep going till she came, but when she was almost fully erect she drew gently away, climbed onto the bed behind Kasza and advanced her tip towards her anus. The cock stiffened all the way in anticipation and she thrust in a couple of centimetres, paused, withdrew a fraction and plunged again.

Kasza let out an inarticulate cry and rocked forward, as if to escape, but then swung her hips back to impale herself further, and Zbyszka and I watched, spellbound, as the whole organ vanished, until the red-gold curls were crushed against those glorious cheeks. 'Kasza, Kasza,' Danka murmured, 'I'm all the way into you. You're so hot and holding me tight. I can't hold back you're so delicious.'

'Don't hold back, darling,' Kasza said. 'Pump yourself into me. Give me your cum, all your cum, and take me over.'

Danka drew out, so a few centimetres of shaft, shiny with Zbyszka's libations, came into view. Then she said, 'Jola, Zbyszka, shove me in, make me come.' And we put both hands on a buttock apiece and gave a hard push.' So she was embedded all the way and we felt her bottom gripping our fingers, again and again, as she silently released her essence into innermost Kasza. 

Kasza, too, was silent, but her whole body was rigid, and her bottom cheeks, too, tightened and loosened in regular spasms. Until they were both motionless, still joined and relishing the afterglow. 

At which point, Danka said, 'You two haven't yet gone into me, and there's something you should see. One after the other, if you fancy and have the come.'

Zbyszka's smile told me to take first turn, while she regained her erectitude, and, nothing loth, I got on the bed behind Danka, reached under her to collect spillage from Kasza and ran my fingers down her crack to grease her opening. And, lo! She opened! So, without pausing I slid my small penis into an aperture more than wide enough and I gasped as it gripped me in its hot embrace. It was quite easy to slide in and out and it was not long before I felt the orgasm building in my bottom and balls.

Danka said, 'That's right. Let me have your spunk. Give it into me.'

Almost as if it was her words, not my volition, my cum spilled into her and a wave of fevered feeling swept through me and I gasped in ecstatic surprise. And, again without conscious volition, I withdrew, got off the bed and gestured to Zbyszka to take my place.

Watching me had hardened Zbyszka and made her urgent. She scrambled behind Danka and hastily crammed herself into the welcoming entrance. Within a few seconds she grasped Danka's hips and ground her pubis against Danka's cheeks as she loosed her sperm.

As if she had been waiting for the second entry, Danka, too, came, and Kasza felt this second flood, cried out with glee, and came again.

After a short while, we were, as last time, lying on the bed in a sweaty and sex-juiced tangle of limbs, breasts and buttocks. And Danka said, 'You know your capacities and capabilities now. You are ready to embrace your futures and to be who and how you wish.'

All that remains to be told, by me, Norma Jane, as Jola, is how the Narcissae moved forward from there, how Jola became the beautiful, generous transwoman who made love to me after my illness in Poland. And I hope to bring you that last chapter of her story to date.