 Jack Tayor couldn't believe his luck. He was going to be the first of all his friends to see the new Clint Conner's action film, Deadly Larry. With a bravado worthy of Clint Conner himself, the 18 yr old senior had spent a week planning the operation that had resulted in his triumph. 

First he had reported to school that morning and attended his home room and the first period class, just enough time to establish in the eyes of the school authorities that he had been to school that day. That way he avoided the postcard they sent home to your parents whenever you were marked absent. Then he had hid out in the boys bathroom for the first fifteen minutes of the second period. Like a spy penetrating the most secret halls of the Pentagon, Jack had then worked his way to the school's side entrance, the only one that was open after the start of second period.

Careful observation had taught him that it was about twenty after that Mrs. Kaminsky, the woman who was the door monitor there, usually took a cigarette break. Arriving at the top of the staircase at quarter after, Jack watched as she locked the door and headed for the teacher's lounge on the other end of the first floor. With the passing of all the no smoking rules, it was the only place an adult could smoke in the building. Most students usually just lit up in the closest bathroom. 

Having previously timed the operation, the sandy haired teenager knew it would take her two minutes to reach the lounge. Adding five minutes for the smoke, that gave him nine minutes to make his escape.

As the gray haired matron disappeared into the first floor hallway, Jack carefully watched the second hand on his watch. He would give her two minutes to get at least get to the lounge. It wouldn't do for her to suddenly realize she forgot her lighter and catch him playing with the door lock.

As the sweep hand passed four for the second time, he bolted from his hiding place and ran for the door. Normally once locked, the door couldn't be opened from the inside without setting off the fire alarms. To most students, this would be a major problem, but not to a fan of Clint Conner. A little research in the school library had told him that a little piece of conductive tape in the right place would let him bypass the alarm.

Two minutes later, a wide smile filled his face as he heard a satisfying click when the door locked behind him. The little piece of tape would fall off of its own accord when Mrs. Kaminsky reopened the door. He had made the perfect escape.

Arriving at the theater at 11:18, he quickly bought his ticket while the woman in the ticket booth was more interested in watching her morning soap than questing his youthful looks or even asking for his ID to prove he was old enough to buy a ticket for the R rated film. Before his recent birthday, he and his friends would've had to have had an older brother come with them to the show. 

Now, safe in his seat in the back two rows of the theater, he anxiously waited the start of the show. There were only about a dozen people in the movie house, spread out among a theater which normally held almost 500 people. That was the beauty of his plan. He would be able to savor every minute of the film in a quiet, empty theater. When his buddies saw it tonight, it would be with a couple of hundred screaming fans.

In the front of the theater, Jack could see two other teens who must've also skipped school to see the film. Sitting in the front rows was always a bad move, Jack believed. It was too easy to be seen from the back doors. Sometimes the Theater Manager would spot check each auditorium, looking out for kids playing hooky. Checking his watch, Jack happily noted it was only five minutes to show time.

"Excuse me, is this seat taken?" Said a tall woman who had moved into the row just in front of Jack.

"Er...no." Jack replied.

"Good," She smiled, I don't like to sit too close to the screen, it hurts my eyes."

"Oh jeez!" Jack said under his breath. "Practically an empty theater and she's going to sit right in front of me."

Actually, she sat 2 seats to the right of the empty seat in front of him. Even so, it was close enough to intrude on Jack's own little private space.

The woman stood again as she laid her coat over one of the empty chairs. As she stood in the light, Jack got a better look at her. Her face showed more than a few age lines and her curly black hair had more than a few steaks of gray-white. Jack was never good at guessing ages but he figured that she was older than his mother. who was 45. If he could look in her purse and see her driver's license, he would've seen that she was actually 49. She wasn't heavy like his mother or any of her friends, but she still wasn't a woman he would look at twice. In fact, all she really was to him at that moment was an annoyance. Someone who was upsetting his carefully thought out plans.

"Two minutes to show time." Flashed the imagine on the screen, replacing the various adds the theater showed while you waited. "Last chance to visit our snack bar."

"Ok," Thought Jack, putting the woman out of his mind. "Here we go!"

It was then that he noticed the man in the suit jacket talking to the two teens in front. He was using a flashlight to check their id's. A few moments later he was leading them back up the aisle to the exits. Jack sunk down a little lower in his seat, he could've told them sitting up front was a mistake.

The Manager had already passed Jack when one of the teens saw him and called out.

"Hey, what about him?"

"Shit!" Jack thought as the flashlight beam spun around and rested on him. "What a fuckin' asshole! He gets caught so he has to make sure that no one else gets to see the movie."

The Manager was already half way down the row to check Jack's identification when the woman in front of him turned around and asked...

"Is there a problem?"

"Sorry for the disruption, Ma'am." The Theater Manager said apologetically. "We've been having a problem with kids cutting school and hanging out here, especially when we're running action movies like these. The School Board has asked us to do spot checks on unescorted teens to cut down on truancy. It'll just take a minute and you'll be able to enjoy the movie. Again I apologize but I'm sure you understand?"

"Oh of course," She replied. "In fact I'm glad to see you take such a personal interest in the matter. You see so little of that these days."

Jack paid little attention to the exchange, instead cursing the luck that had undone his carefully crafted plan.

"But I'm afraid there's been a small mistake." The woman continued. "This young man behind me is my nephew."

"Your nephew?" The Manager repeated.

"Why yes," She continued. "I normally don't sit with him cause he's a little embarrassed about sitting with his "Old Aunt". I don't know about these two young gentlemen, but my nephew is obviously too young to have bought a ticket to this film without an adult having been with him."

"Well I guess its ok then." The Manager said, his voice showing he wasn't really convinced. 

But by now a few of the other patrons were standing and looking in his direction to see what was the delay was in starting the movie.

If it'll make you happy, I'll sit back there with him and make sure there's no problem." The woman said as she rose and moved around to enter the row from the other side.

The Manager was about to say that it wouldn't be necessary, but she was already moving. Instead he withdrew as quick as he could and signaled the projectionist to start the film. 

As the house lights dimmed, Jack leaned over and said a quiet thank you to the woman. He still wasn't overjoyed about her sitting near him, much less next to him, but it sure beat getting thrown out and missing the movie.

"That's ok," The woman who told him her name was Alice replied. "I was young once, believe it or not. I'll try not to detract from your enjoyment of the film."

Twenty minutes later, after 2 car crashes, a bank robbery, and a dozen dead hoods had appeared on the screen, Jack had forgotten that Alice was even there.

Jack's eyes opened wide with the appearance of Candy Armstrong on the screen. One of the hottest young actresses around, she was appearing in the film as Conner's rookie partner. She was going undercover as a dancer in a Go Go bar and was about to audition for the job. With a flourish, Cindy pulled off her blue tank top, letting a incredible pair of 38D's fall free. Every man in the theater sat up a little straighter to get a better look, and Jack was no exception.

"What a set of tits!" He thought.

When she began to dance on screen, Jack became increasingly aware of a building pressure in his jeans. Like any healthy young man his age, it took little to give him a hard on. By the time Cindy finished her dance routine, Jack's 6" cock was rock hard. Unfortunately it was also in a very awkward position, sticking out from under his briefs and rubbing against his jeans. After a while it began to hurt.

It was then that he remembered that Alice was sitting next to him. She'd been true to her word and hadn't uttered a sound to interrupt his enjoyment of the action, just sitting there quietly, eating her popcorn. He couldn't just slide his hand down his pants and shift his cock to a more comfortable position. He was too embarrassed. Hopefully, since the scene had already ended, his cock would quickly return to normal proportions.

That was not to be as no more than five minutes later, there was Cindy again, naked in the shower. Watching her soap up her breasts and rub them vigorously, Jack's erection returned with a vengeance. This time he had to do something. 

Looking straight ahead and hoping Alice was doing the same, the teenager slid his hand down into his pants and shifted his cock to a more comfortable angle. He let out an involuntary sign as he touched the sensitive cockbase and a electric spark of pleasure jumped from his loins. Reluctantly he withdrew his hand, thankful that Alice hadn't seemed to notice his actions.

This time his member stayed erect as Cindy spent almost five minutes dressing for her date with Conner only to quickly strip again for their lovemaking scene.

Watching his hero explore every inch of Cindy's delectable body proved too much for Jack. Even in it's now more comfortable position, his cock was pressing against the denim of his jeans. All he could think about was how good it would feel to just rub it a little and pretend he was Clint, making love to Cindy.

For a few moments he considered heading for the bathroom, where he could spend a few minutes playing with his now aching cock. Then he quickly discarded the idea because his little tent pole would be visible the minute he stepped out into the light. Also, after all the trouble he went to get here, he didn't want to miss any of the movie.

Finally, throwing caution to the wind, he slid his jacket over his lap as unobtrusively as possible. Then he slid his hand under his jacket and began to carefully rub his stiff dick through the material. A tiny smile came to his lips at the small measure of relief. 

Out of the corner of his eyes, Jack stole a look at Alice. Glad to see her attention was glued to the screen and the movie, he continued his gentle ministrations. It felt so good, the excitement of actually doing it in the movies made it feel even better. 

Not taking the time to think about what he was doing, for if he did he would've realized what a bad idea it was, Jack quietly popped the top button of his pants and slid down the zipper. The smile on his face grew wider as he felt the warm flesh of his cock in his hand. The up and down motion of his firm grip sent repeated cycles of joy through his young body. He really wasn't paying attention to the movie anymore. In fact he was now pretty much oblivious of everything around him.

Feeling the rising pressure in his small balls, Jack closed his eyes and sighed. He couldn't remember that last time it had felt so good. A few more strokes and he was sure he would cum.

The sudden reality of where he was and what he was doing suddenly came back to him like a thunderclap. His eyes popped open and his mouth dropped. The sudden pressure of another hand against his own suddenly sent a cold stab through his chest.

Afraid to even turn his head, he nevertheless knew that Alice was no longer watching the film. Beneath his jacket he could feel her fingers running across his until they came in contact with the soft skin of his cock. That spark flashed through him like a bolt of lightning, causing him to jump in his seat. Shocked out of his paralysis, he turned and saw the smile on Alice's face.

"It's ok." She whispered. "Just sit back and relax."

Instead of sitting back, Jack whirled his head from side to side to see if anyone else was watching. Certain that everyone in the theater could see what was happening, he couldn't believe it when he saw that all eyes where still on the screen where Clint Conner was dispatching another half dozen drug dealers. As the thought that he was still safe finally registered, so did the soothing feeling Alice's hand was producing.

Instead of the usual jerking motion he was used to, whether it was by his hand or the few girls he had dated long enough to get a hand job from, Alice's fingers seemed to glide across his skin like feathers. Each gentle touch produced a ripple of delight, it was unlike anything he had experienced before. In his most vivid fantasies, Jack could never have imagined it could feel so good.

His mind just seemed to drift among waves of pleasure as Jack finally sat back and closed his eyes. The possibility of getting caught no longer worried him, only the possibility of Alice stopping before he climaxed.

As soothing as her touch felt, it was like sandpaper as compared to the indescribable feeling that flooded the core of his being a few moments later. At first he didn't understand the soft and warm wetness which abruptly engulfed his cock, having had nothing to match it against in his young memory. It was only when he opened his eyes a second later that he saw that Alice had replaced her magic hands with her even more magical mouth.

Like silk, her tongue covered every inch of his shaft before dropping down to his balls. One at a time they disappeared into her mouth, until she released them and then returned her attention to his now glistening dick. Taking its entirety once more into her mouth, Alice applied such pressure that she seemed to draw the very life essence out of his body.

But for the moment, that was all she drew. It was only the skillful pressure she kept on the base of his young cock that had prevented his seed from exploding the moment her mouth had made contact. She could feel he was aching for release, but was determined to make it last as long as she could.

In a isolated moment of clarity, Jack was able to take a step back and appreciate the situation. In all his fantasies, he had dreamed of cheerleaders or movie stars. Yet here it was a woman older than his mother who was bringing him to levels of euphoria he never imagined existed. He would never be able to look at those women in the same way. That of sexless old women.

On the now almost totally ignored screen, Deadly Larry was nearing it's explosive climax, as was Larry's number one fan. Alice deep throated him one last time, then released her grip on the base of his cock. His body quaked and a sudden rush of energy drained from every pore of his body.

The recesses of her throat filled with the first burst of his warm and salty whiteness. She quickly swallowed it without hesitation, knowing that there was much more to come. A second wave followed a few moments later. This time, she allowed it to fill her mouth, permitting herself time to savor the taste as she whirled her tongue from one side of her mouth to the other. A third spurt she let slide out of the corners of her mouth and down the base of his cock. Then she ran her tongue up and down the shaft, relishing both the tangy taste and the now intoxicating aroma of his youthful sex.

Finally, sensing he was spent, Alice took him within her mouth one last time and began to wash away the last remnants of her efforts. By the time his boyhood slipped limply from her, not a trace remained.

The house lights came up a few minutes later as the credits rolled on the screen. In ones and twos, the patrons passed Alice and Jack, totally unaware of what had occurred. 

Jack studied each face as it passed, thankful that none gave him a second look. He turned to say something to Alice, only to find she was gone - having exited the other end of the row. He jumped to his feet and looked from side to side, finally spotting her by the far exit. She stopped when she saw him watching her. Their eyes met one last time -- Alice smiled --and then she was gone.

-=-=-

John Michael Tayor, police officer, husband and father of two, popped the video tape from out of the VCR. Before he dropped the well worn tape back into the plastic storage box, he glanced once more at the title..."Deadly Larry - - 1973". 

"I don't know how you can watch that silly movie so many times?" Asked Sergeant Taylor's wife as she reentered the room. "Most times you don't even seen to pay attention to it, you just sit there with that silly grin on your face."

"That film always reminds me of an important lesson..." The 35 yr old replied as he dropped the case into the storage cabinet. "About not always making judgments about people and things by how they look, and to always open your mind to the new and unexpected."

"From that stupid film?" She replied. "I don't get it."

"I guess not, but I sure did!" Mike Taylor answered with that same silly grin on his face. 

END