 The bar was busy, waitresses moving around with drinks and snacks, the hum of beginning-of-the-weekend chat a constant buzz, a jukebox playing country music just loud enough to hear, not so loud that anyone needed to raise their voice to talk. They'd been lucky, a booth being vacated just as they'd walked in, and they'd taken it gratefully. Drinks ordered, first sips taken, they'd sat back, relaxing, letting the stresses of the workplace slip away. Jenny tilted her head and gazed at her.

"What?" said Tess.

"You've been twitchy all day," said Jenny.

Tess shrugged. "It's Friday night and I want to get laid," she said, frustration clear in her tone. "It's been too damned long."

Jenny grinned and turned to Bill. "Told you," she said.

Bill grinned too. "Any special guy in mind?" he said.

Tess laughed. "Someone like you," she said, winking at Jenny, who mock-scowled at her friend, reaching out and squeezing her husband's hand.

Bill smiled. "Someone like me, huh? You realize, Tess, there is no-one like me?"

"So Jenny tells me," said Tess. "Bill, I haven't had even lousy sex since I caught my ex with his secretary. That's almost two years!"

Bill whistled. "Long time, Tess. I'd help you, but Jenny would kill me."

"Too true, buddy," said Jenny. She looked at Tess. "Why so long?"

Tess shrugged. "Scared, I think. Not of sex, fuck no, but of getting hurt again that way. I think I'm ready again."

Jenny nodded, glancing at her husband. Bill was sitting opposite Tess, next to Jenny, and from where he sat could see the bar. He'd glanced across, and then looked again. Something - someone - had caught his attention. He turned his attention back to Tess, smiling. "I have an idea," he said.

Jenny whooped. "Wow! Bill's had an idea!"

"Hush, woman," said her husband. "Tess, at the moment we're a couple plus a friend. No problem there, you are a friend and we'd like to help. I don't promise anything, but my friend Dave has just come in. I happen to know he's not attached at the moment. Shall I call him over?"

"Which one is he?" said Tess, glancing over her shoulder towards the bar.

"At the bar, towards the left. Check shirt, blue jeans?"

Tess looked again, and there was a guy at the bar who looked like a cross between Brad Pitt and Colin Farrell. "That's Dave?" she said. She gave a mental shrug. However briefly, at least they'd be two couples and she wouldn't feel like a spare part. She took a deep breath. "Yeah, call him over."

"Excuse me, ladies," said Bill and made his way towards the bar.

"I've met Dave before," said Jenny. "Nice guy. I think you'll like him."

Tess gave her friend a twisted grin. "I'm getting to the state I'd settle for my dildo, again, but what I want, what I really want, is a good, hard, warm prick, with a decent guy on the other end who knows how to use it!"

Jenny laughed, and indicated with her eyes. "He's coming over."

Bill was leading his friend across, and Tess turned. "Dave," said Bill, "you know Jenny." "Hi, again, Jenny," said Dave, and then turned to Tess, a pleasant smile on his face.

"And this is Tess," said Bill.

"Hi, Tess," said Dave, and she found yourself looking into a pair of bright, blue eyes, set in a tanned, weather beaten face. Sandy-brown hair, tousled, and Tess felt her pussy pulse. Whoa! Down, girl! Don't rape him at the table.

"Hi, Dave," she managed to say as he sat beside her in the booth. "Good to meet you."

"Good to meet you, too." He indicated Bill. "How'd you come to know this reprobate?"

Tess laughed. "Only through Jenny. She said she's got him house trained, and it was safe to come out for a beer with them, so here I am."

"Good," said Dave. "You guys are almost empty. Let me get some more beers." He turned and signaled to the waitress, and Tess let herself relax. At least she'd have pleasant company tonight.

And he was, very pleasant company. Not much for small talk but they found enough common areas of interest for them both to enjoy the evening. Almost too soon, it was time to leave. She'd come with Bill and Jenny, but Dave touched her arm.

"Can I give you a ride home, Tess?" he said.

Jenny overheard and grinned. "Go on, Tess. Bill and I have plans that don't include you!"

"Thanks for nothing," Tess retorted, laughing, and turned to Dave. "Yes, please."

"Great," said Dave, and pointed. "I'm parked over there." 

'Over there', Tess saw a beat-up pick-up parked, and smiled to herself, but when they got across the street, Dave moved to the vehicle parked behind the pick-up, a Jaguar convertible. Tess stared at it, then at Dave.

"I'm impressed," she said.

"It's just a car," he said, laughing.

"Yeah, right," said Tess, and let him help her in.

"Where to?" he said, as he started the engine.

She took a chance, and a deep breath. "Somewhere there's a bed," she said, turning to look at him.

"What kind of bed?" He wasn't surprised, Tess realized. In fact, he looked pleased, and maybe, just maybe, a little excited.

"Big enough for two," she said.

"You and me?"

"There's someone else here, maybe?" Tess laughed, then nodded. "You and me, yes."

"Your place?"

Tess shook her head, making a face. "Nosy neighbors."

Dave laughed. "Okay, my place, then." He put the car into gear and they were away. It was a quiet ride, Dave concentrating on the road, but the silence suited Tess, who had begun to wonder if she was doing the right thing. After fifteen minutes or so, they arrived at their destination. It was a cabin, more or less, big, single-story. Dave triggered the remote on the two-car garage and the door opened. There was a Jeep inside, and a couple of motorcycles, space for the Jaguar. He drove straight in, shut off the engine, and turned to her. "Last chance to change your mind, Tess. You say no now, and I'll drive you home, but I hope you don't. I didn't want to say anything in front of Bill and Jenny, but I guess I wanted you the moment I saw you."

Tess reached out and touched his arm, shaking her head. "I'm not changing my mind, Dave. I told Bill and Jenny I wanted to get laid, and I do. I just hope you don't think I'm too much of a slut for saying it." She laughed, short, dry, a little brittle, even, and shook her head again. "Dave, I enjoy good sex, I always have, since I was seventeen, and I haven't had even bad sex for two years!"

"Oh, dear," said Dave, laughing. "Long time!" He reached out and squeezed her fingers, his hand warm, rough, and her nipples hardened as she imagined his touch on her skin. "No, Tess, I don't think you're a slut. I just think you're honest. Come on, we'll have a drink and get to know each other a little more." 

He helped her out of the car and led her into the house, switching on lights as he went. Inside it was understated, honey-toned wood and soft cream paint, bright rugs, big leather sofa, a couple of armchairs. No TV, she noticed, but there was a hi-fi with what she recognized as top quality speakers. Dave switched it on and turned to her.

"Any particular choice in music?" he said.

"Something to suit the moment."

"See if you like this, then," he said, putting a CD in the player. A moment later she heard the opening bars of Madeleine Peyroux's 'Dance me to the end of love.' She smiled and settled back on the sofa. Just right!

"Drink, Tess?" said Dave. "Scotch? Bourbon? Martini?"

"Bourbon on the rocks?"

"Coming up." It was a big one, and she knew that by the time she'd finished it she would have a buzz on. And that felt just right, too. Dave sat down beside her and for a few minutes the two of them sat, just enjoying Peyroux's smoky tones. Tess was half way through her bourbon when she turned to Dave just as he turned towards her. She paused, staring into his eyes, and opened her mouth to speak, but Dave smiled and put his finger across her lips. Almost unconsciously, she kissed his finger and leaned towards him. He met her halfway and in a moment the two of them were lost in a scorching kiss, a kiss of promise, of desire, a kiss of want.

His left arm was around her shoulder, his right on her hip, and she lifted the hand on her hip, twisting slightly to lodge her left breast into his cupped hand. He squeezed, gentle, and she felt a moan trickle into the kiss, startled as he broke it, freeing her breast.

"I want you," he said, smiling into her eyes.

"So, have me."

"Here?"

"Why not?" She stood, unbuttoning her dress, letting it slide to her feet. She wasn't wearing hose in the summer warmth, so bra and panties were all she had on, apart from her shoes, and in a moment it was just panties as she stepped out of her shoes and discarded her bra. Dave's look was frankly admiring and he applauded as she skinned her panties down her legs and struck a pose.

"You're beautiful," he said, reaching out to cup her breast, his calloused thumb rubbing over the nipple, the reality of his touch on her bare flesh even nicer than her earlier imagining.

"Thanks, honey. You now." He grinned and stood, loosening his checked shirt and pulling it over his head. Broad, well-muscled chest, only a trace of hair. A scar on his chest caught her eye and she raised her eyebrows in query. He smiled, bending to pull off his loafers.

"A guy trying to rob a liquor store in Frisco. I lived. He didn't."

"You were a cop?"

"Yeah, I was, but we weren't talking about me, we were going to do something else, maybe."

She grinned. "Like fuck?"

"Yeah, like fuck," he said, grinning back at her. He unbuttoned his jeans and pushed them off. She was momentarily surprised to see that he didn't wear undershorts, but surprise was quickly replaced by appreciation as his half-erect prick was revealed. Even half-erect he was bigger than her unlamented ex, and her steadily moistening pussy pulsed in anticipation. Naked, he reached for her and she moved back into his arms for another scorching kiss. Long moments later, she broke the kiss, pushing at him gently so that he sat back on the sofa. She pushed his knees apart and knelt between them, reaching for his prick. It was hard by now, very hard, and she could barely get her hand around it. She wondered idly how she would get it into her, but she knew that she was going to have one hell of a good try!

He was hard, he was hot and for a moment she just admired his hard weapon, running her thumb gently over the velvety top, the veins ridging his hardness below the purple crown. She leaned forward and laid a butterfly kiss on the head, looking slantways up at him. He was smiling and his hand came out to ruffle her hair. Her lips parted and she took him into her mouth. She could only just manage, and she let him slide into her mouth, then lifted her head again, wetting him, letting her tongue weave a lazy pattern.

Once, twice, three times her head dipped, but she wanted him inside her, and she stood, moving forward to kneel astride him, lowering her pussy, her soaking pussy, to cover his hardness. A wiggle, and he was in, and she paused for a moment with him just inside her, anticipating, but it felt good, right.

"Feel good?" he said, his voice a caress.

"Fuck, yes!" she said, and let herself slide down him, until the lack of lubrication stopped her. She lifted, until he was almost out, then down again, further this time, but she had to do it another three times before she felt her ass touch his thighs. She stopped, relishing the feeling of having him in her, thrilling to the way he filled her, more full than she had ever been before, and she could feel the wonder on her face.

"Still feel good?" he said, a laugh in his voice now.

She smiled and nodded, squeezing down on him. He grinned and flexed his prick and she giggled, then bent forward quickly to kiss him. "Enjoy this, because I will," she said, and began to move, almost hating the feeling of loss as she lifted, relishing being filled again as she came down on him.

It had been two years since she'd had a real, live prick in her pussy and she was loving the sensations that Dave was bringing back into her life. She blew him a kiss as his hands came up to cup her breasts, warm, calloused, rough against her skin, welcome additions to her sensations catalog. He bent forward and took a nipple into his mouth, suckling gently for a moment, then letting her feel his teeth. She shuddered and he turned it back into a kiss, then moved to the other one, kissing, biting softly, oh, so softly, then kissing, suckling, again.

It had been two long years since her last male-induced orgasm, but she knew that this one was not going to be long in coming. Her movements quickened, and she angled herself to induce maximum sensation, feeling her breathing quicken, an almost-moan escaping from her throat as she moved. She was getting steadily wetter, and she could hear him moving in her wetness, she could smell herself, could smell his male musk, and she let the sensations build in her, taking herself closer and closer to climax, until with a tight, strangled cry, she felt her belly ripple and her pussy contracted in spasm, milking at him, as the sensations took her and lifted her into oblivion.

Long moments later, awareness returned and she realized with a shock of pure desire that he was still hard, hot, deep inside her. She managed, with an effort, to open her eyes and look into his.

"Wow," he said, a soft, crooked smile on his face, in his eyes.

She managed a smile, almost embarrassed at the intensity of her climax, realizing that Dave still hadn't come, but she had no time to wonder what he'd do, as he lifted her off him, and she felt suddenly empty. "Kneel on the sofa, sweetheart," he said. "I think you're tall enough."

Tall enough, she wondered. "Tall enough for what?" she said, as she knelt on the sofa, lightly gripping the back.

"For this," he said, and she felt his prick probing for her opening. With a smile she reached under and guided him into her, closing her eyes, a hiss of pleasure squeezing from her mouth as he filled her again. For a moment, he just stayed still, and she relished the feeling of fullness, and then he began to move, pulling back, pushing forward. The movement was smooth and rhythmic and she gave herself over to the enjoyment. Dave was getting deep this way and she was loving it, wet around him, stifling a giggle as the noise built.

"It feels good, Dave," she managed to say as he pushed into her.

"Better than good, Tess, love," he murmured, "Better than good." Never missing a beat.

She could hear Dave's breathing deepening, and feel his movements quicken. It was only a few short minutes since her own climax, but the moment had her and she could feel the sensations building again, her breathing quickening to match his, the two of them almost panting. she was closer now, ever closer and Dave's hand came round, onto her stomach, moving gently down to her clit, a gentle touch on her sensitivity, but gentle is all it took, and she felt her pussy clutch at him again, just as his movements quickened and his own climax made him shudder in her pussy, driving into her as the two of them collapsed forwards onto the sofa, Dave still buried deep inside her.

It was long moments later before she felt him move. He'd softened, but she still felt as if a huge soft plug was being pulled from her core and her pussy clutched at nothing as he pulled free. Startled, she felt him pick her up. Cradled in his arms, she smiled up at his happy grin.

"That was truly something else, Tess, something special," he said, "and I would very much like to do it again. How 'bout you?"

"Yes, yes and then, yes," she said, stretching up to kiss him.

"Shower, then bed?" he said.

"Sounds good."

"When do you have to be anywhere else?"

"Monday," she said, wondering, hoping. "Back to work, but I'll need fresh clothes before then."

"We'll get them in the morning," he said. "Stay with me until Monday?"

A vast content came over her. "Yes, please," she said, then, "Dave?"

"Yeah, honey?"

"You want any during the night, just wake me, huh?"

I thought it was time I submitted another story. Apologies for the lack of output of late, but sometimes Life gets in the way. Feedback is welcome, as always, and a vote wouldn't hurt, either. Go on, it's only a mouse click!