 It's Friday night, and I'm watching a science fiction show as you sit across the room completing your work. I want to play, but as you've explained, if I'm naughty, there will not be any reward. Absently I watch the show, wishing for the original characters. Daniel is still there though and I don't mind watching him at all. I open the book on my lap, a mindless racy romance. The more I read; I find the more inspiration I get for my own writing. Besides, they help fill the void when I'm not with you.

Soon I am lost is the characters in the book. The tension between the heroine and hero builds to a crescendo of sexual fulfillment. I steal a glance at you, your papers spread out before you, your brow furrowed. I get up from the couch and go into the kitchen to retrieve some beer. I grab two bottles, open them and bring one to you and keep the other for myself. As I lean in to place the beer in front of you, you look up from your work and rub your hand on my ass. I bend down and give you a quick kiss, teasing you briefly brushing my tongue against your lips. I lift my mouth from yours and pull back just far enough to gaze into your eyes. Your eyes are dark and full of desire, and at the same time there is a hardness to them, that takes my breath away.

"I'm not teasing!" I exclaim as your hand connects swiftly with my backside.

"Fifteen more minutes, babe. Then I'll be done." You reply. 

Silently I walk to the bedroom to freshen up and change into the new long black gown I know you'll love to see me in. I put a leg up on your bed as I work the sheer black stocking up my calf over my knee and then to the top of my thigh. I slide my foot into the high heeled slipper and then place the other leg up and repeat the process. Then I run a brush through my hair; reapply shadow and kohl liner to my eyes, accentuating them. Lastly, I coat my lips in a silky deep colored lipstick. I smile at my reflection as I think about those lips wrapped around your thick cock. Before I leave the room, I dab some musk perfume on my neck, cleavage, and wrists. Satisfied that you will be pleased, I grab my robe and slip back to the couch my feet curled up under my robe.

A different show now fills the television screen. Not having kept up with the series, I turn back to my book. The main characters now predictably embroiled in a seemingly life or death situation. I skim the pages and glance over to you again. My mind races with images of your body over mine. Absently, I take a long drink from my beer, leaving the bottle at my lips, my fingers running along the bottle's neck. I close my eyes as my lips lock around the opening, tipping my head back as the cool liquid slides down my throat. 

I lay my head back against the couch, closing my eyes. My finger tip glides across the top of the bottle as it rests snugly in my crotch. The cold bottle only stirs more excitement against my hot wanting pussy. I smile as I envision you moving deep inside me, in response my hips gyrate softly almost invisibly against the bottle. But I feel it there, hard like your cock, teasing, not giving me what I crave most. My smile widens as my mental countdown continues. I shiver with excitement for surely 15 minutes must be close to being up. Brazenly, I run my hand up my thigh, hip, stomach and slide it inside the robe. I dare not open my eyes, but my body suddenly radiates heat, and I know you're watching me. My hand stops as I try to maintain my composure, confident now that I'll be "in trouble" for teasing. What the hell, I reason, might as well go for broke.

I glide the bottle (not so cold now) up my pelvis across my stomach and rub it on my unattended breast. My nipple puckers and hardens quickly. Softly I stroke it with the bottle as my fingers pinch and roll my other nipple. A warning flashes somewhere in my brain, but I choose to ignore it. I move the bottle towards my mouth extending my tongue to meet the tip as it nears my lips. I take a moment to glide my tongue along the rim before sliding it between my lips for a drink. 

As I lower the bottle and move to swallow, the bottle is removed from my hands. Your lips crush mine the frothy brew mingles as your tongue sears mine. Your hands tear open the robe taking a breast in each hand and squeeze them hard. I hold your head to mine matching the intensity of your kiss. I feel the strength of your desire as you push me down onto the cushions your knee separating my thighs and pushing hard against my sex. One hand pulls my hands above my head while the other dives under my gown and without pretence pumps a finger deep into me. 

I gasp for air as you devour my neck and chest, your finger turns into two as you fuck me hard. I feel my nipple drawn between your lips, sucking it. Your thumb circles my clit. My senses are sent into overload. Your teeth clamp down on my nipple- I scream out at the pain that quickly turns to pleasure as my orgasm washes over me. Your fingers pull out and immediately I feel your hot shaft fill me to the hilt. 

You take me fierce and hard, not letting my body come down, over and over- relentlessly you drive into me pounding with your hard flesh. My head thrashes about as you bite harder sending me further into an orgasmic abyss. Your body tightens and you thrust deeper and harder, your lips leave my breast and capture my lips again. 

"Open your eyes and look at me NOW!" you growl. My eyes snap open and I try to pull you into focus. I watch you through my own pleasured state as you cum. I feel your hot seed flood me. 

"Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" you exclaim as you pump your steady stream of cum deep into my belly filling me beyond capacity. I can feel it dripping from me each time you pull away. 

One last demanding kiss and groan and you are spent. You put your forehead to mine, both trying to regain some semblance of reality..... Slowly the world turns right side up again. 

Coyly I look at you and notice that you are nude, obviously I had been very wrapped up in what I was doing. "If this is the kind of trouble I'm going to get in, then you better watch out next time."