 John worked hard during the week as a roofer. He was outside most of the time, so had a dark brown tan to most of his body. When the week was finished, he liked to cash his check and go to the Win Place and Show to dance and have a few beers. He would unwind and if he was lucky, and he usually was, he would find a lovely cowgirl to dance with and take home.

Friday came and he collected his check. Stopped at the corner store on his way home and bought a 12 pack of beer and put the rest of his money in his pocket. At home he stripped and jumped in the shower. The hot water felt good on his back and tired muscles. He lathered up and rinsed off, climbing from the shower and reaching for a towel, he looked in the full-length mirror. John was proud of his body. He kept it toned and did not really need to work out. His job provided him with all the workouts he needed. He looked at his tan chest, tight stomach and then to his cock. He moved he hand to lift his 9 ½ cock and stroked it slightly. It rose to semi hardness and he smiled. He might not have the best job in the world, but it provided him with all he needed and Friday nights were something to look forward to.

He finished drying off, shaved and put on a little after-shave. He moved to the bedroom and dressed. He liked boxers but on Friday night he wore briefs, for it showed off his cock better. He picked a pair of tight jeans, cowboy shirt and boots. Combing his hair, he smiled and left for the WPS. He liked to get there a little early, so he could sip a beer and watch all the young ladies come in and see who was alone and possibly available.

John arrived a little before 9 and ordered a beer as he entered. He sat down, took off his hat and sipped his beer. By 10:30 the place was jumping and John had danced a couple of times, but not found anyone really interesting yet. As he returned to his table, he saw her. She was dressed in long black jeans, that showed off her ass, a white tight pull over, which did little to hide her tits, a cowboy hat, long dark hair and boots. John had not seen her before and just watched for a while. He watched a number of men try to pick her up, but she just waved them all off. She was standing next to the bar when she looked at him. John smiled at her and moved his hand to the chair next to him, offering her a seat. She thought for a moment then walked, more swished than walked, over to the table.

John stood and offered her a chair. She smiled and lifted her head to look at him with deep blue eyes. John sat next to her and said, "Hi, I'm John and I don't remember seeing you here before." She smiled and said, "I'm Susan, nice to meet you. No I have not been here before. My husband and I are on vacation and he wanted to sleep and I wanted to dance." The band started a nice two step was started and John stood. He offered Susan his hand. She took it and he lead her to the dance floor.

Once there he pulled her close and started to dance. She almost molded into his body and they moved around the dance floor, as if they been dancing together for years. They danced and danced not one but three songs, before the band took a break. They moved back to their table, John's hand on her waist and her around his large back.

They sat and talked. John found out she was not really happy at home. It was a good marriage, but the fun had gone. She enjoyed dancing and he liked to read and watch TV. They sipped their beers and then John leaned over and kissed her cheek. He wanted to see how she would react. Susan was putting her beer on the table as John kissed her cheek and she turned to him and smiled. John looked down at her breasts and then to her face again. This time he leaned forward, Susan turned so he could kiss her lips. It was a short kiss, but he felt her hand on his thigh and she squeezed it as he kissed her. 

Susan looked at John and said, "it's hot in here, take me outside for a while." John stood and offered Susan his hand and took her outside. Her hand was in his as they walked behind the WPS and down to the river. The cool night air was refreshing after the smoke of the club. They stopped by the river and John turned to Susan. Susan looked up at him and he leaned forward and kissed her. He moved his tongue along her lips, and she opened them to allow his tongue to move into her mouth. Susan moaned as he kissed her and she sucked his tongue. His hand moved down her back to cup her tight ass as he kissed her more deeply.

Susan moaned as he cupped her ass and moved her hips forward, so she could feel his hardness. She was surprised by how large he felt pressed against her stomach. She sucked his tongue harder as she moved back and forth across his hard cock. 

John broke the kiss and taking her hand, lead her farther down the path. He stopped at a small clearing and pulled her to him again. As he kissed her this time, his hand moved up under her top and felt her breasts. His hand moved behind her and unsnapped her bra. As her tits were freed from her bra, his hand moved to cup her breast and play with her very hard nipple. Susan moaned and John rolled her nipple between his finger and thumb, making it hard like a rock. 

Suddenly, Susan pushed him away from her and up against a tree. Her hands went to his shirt and ripped open all the snaps, bearing his chest. She moved her head to his nipples and sucked them while her hands undid his belt. Roughly pulling his pants open, she dropped to her knees and pulled his pants down. She looked up at and then took his hard cock into her mouth.

Susan sucked his cock like a whore in heat. It was as if she had been starving to have a cock in her mouth and throat. Her head bobbed back and forth as she sucked his cock. John leaned against the tree and let her suck away. G-d her mouth felt good on his cock, but as much as he enjoyed her blowjob, he wanted to fuck her. 

John reached down and pulled her to her feet. She pouted when his cock was pulled from her mouth, but soon it disappeared when her turned her around and leaned her against the tree. John reached around and undid her jeans and pealed them down her legs. He was happy to see she was not wearing anything under them. Susan leaned into the tree and pushed her ass back towards John. His cock was hard as a rock and he aimed it for her pussy. As the head touched her lips, Susan pushed back again, forcing his cock into her. 

John grabbed her hips and began to fuck her tight wet pussy. He was not gentle at all, ramming it in hard and pulling out until just the head was between her lips and slamming in again. Over and over, John slammed into her pussy. Susan was moaning how good it felt and kept pushing her ass back to meet his every thrust. John kept slamming into her pussy, until he heard her scream she was cumming. John slammed in once more and left his cock embedded in her pussy as she came all over it. With each whimper from Susan's throat, John would slowly slide his cock out and then back in again. 

Susan loved the feeling of cumming and having John continue to slowly fuck her. Each time he slowly pulled his cock out of her pussy, she would cum, and when he slide it deep back into her pussy, she would cum again. Finally she could take no more and pulled away from him, causing John's cock to slide out of her wet pussy. John had not cum yet and he knew he was close, so he pulled Susan's ass back to his cock. Susan said, "Not in my pussy, I could not take it." John, being a smart boy, aimed his cock for Susan's ass. 

When the head of his cock touched her tight asshole, Susan leaned forward and gripped the tree, pushing her ass back. "Oh my g-d," she said, as she felt John's hard cock push into her ass. How long had it been, since she had a cock in her ass? Her husband would never think of fucking her there, but her was a strong stranger, filling her ass with his cock.

John pushed and pulled as he moved his cock between her cheeks and into her ass. When he was deep inside her, he asked if she was ready. Susan just pushed her ass back onto his cock. John grabbed hold of her hips and began to ram her ass. It was tight at first, but as he moved his cock back and forth in her ass, it gave way and began easier. "She really loves my cock in her ass," John thought. Pulling her hips back harder, John fucked her ass hard and fast. Her ass was tight, it gave a little, but it was still tight around his cock and he knew it would not be long. He continued to pump her ass and when he felt that that tingle in his balls and said to Susan, "I am going to cum, your ass is just too good." Susan moaned, "Yes fill my ass with your cum. Fuck me harder." John slammed faster into her ass as he started to cum. Pumping her with his cock as he shot over and over deep into her ass. 

When he had emptied his cum into her ass, he left it there and leaned over to kiss her neck. "Damn you have a fine ass. I loved cumming deep inside it." Susan said, "You can have my ass anytime you want, cowboy. You really know how to show a girl a good time." With that said, Susan stood up and John's cock slide out of her ass. Susan turned and kissed him, then squatted on her heels and took his cock into her mouth. Susan licked and sucked his cock clean. She loved the taste of herself and him as she sucked his cock. She licked his balls clean of her juices and then sucked his cock back into her mouth. She rolled her tongue around his semi-soft cock as she sucked. Finally, she stopped and stood up, putting her hands around his neck; she pulled him down and kissed him. John kissed her back, rubbing his hands all over her ass, as he did. They stopped kissing and Susan bend over and pulled her jeans up and buckled them.

John leaned over and pulled his jeans back up. Stuffing his cock back into his briefs, he buckled his jeans as well. Susan leaned back against the tree and looked at John, deeply. John leaned into her and kissed her again. "Care to see what my house looks like?" He said. Susan smiled and said, "Why not, cowboy. I think I would like to see how well you fuck in a bed." She laughed as John took her hand and led her to his house. He knew he would not be getting any sleep tonight.