 It was a hot, sweltering Friday night the kind you only find in the Deep South. Lee realized that there was nothing special going on tonight. His buddies were mostly out of town or out on dates and he was at home, alone. He had broken up with his girlfriend some months previously and had not even tried to go out since then. His job was going well but he felt like his creativity being drained by the restrictions of the corporate world. Now he found himself in his apartment on a Friday night with no plans, no girl and no dreams.

"No, you can't do this to yourself anymore, time to take control of your life again."

He stood, grabbed his keys and started walking to the door. He glanced at himself in the mirror in the hallway as he walked by and stopped dead. He gazed at his reflection in the mirror for a second, unshaven, t-shirt, old college shorts and sandals. No, this would not do at all. Decision time, if he was going to run the clubs then he needed to look his best. He strode back to the bedroom and emerged an hour later. He looked at his reflection this time a grin played across his face. Now he liked what he saw. He let his hazel eyes rove over the reflection for a moment, collared linen shirt giving just a hint of the muscle that lay underneath, black slacks and his best dress shoes. No need for a jacket tonight.

"Girls go crazy for a sharp dressed man," he whistled to himself. In the garage he paused for a moment then decided that the MGB was the car for the evening. He put the top down and roared off into the night.

On the other side of town some one else was getting ready for an evening out. Ingrid could hardly contain her excitement at the thought of heading out for an evening of dancing. She had been working hard all week, painting, packaging and shipping. Now it was time to cut loose. An early phone call had stifled her excitement a little. Her girlfriend wasn't going to be able to come with her tonight. She decided that going alone wouldn't be bad at all and who knows it might open the evening up for other possibilities.

She pampered herself enjoying every moment spent preparing for the evening ahead. A lingering hot bath letting her favorite bath oils caress her skin. She shaved legs to give them that silky smooth feeling, then a little higher up as well.

"After all a girl should be prepared for anything," she thought.

Wrapped only in a towel she went through her closet throwing clothes on to the bed. Outfits soon covered ever inch of it. The leather one was the first to go, just to hot for that she thought. The other black dress went next, a little short for an evening of dancing. She did like to show off, but you had to put your foot down somewhere. On she went, weighing the merits of each. She finally decided on the plaid skirt with the low-necked white top. Not as daring as the others and certainly not what she would have chosen if she was not going to be alone. No pantyhose or stockings tonight though, just a white thong, white lacy bra and black high-heeled shoes to complete the ensemble.

Still wrapped in her towel she seated herself in front of the mirror for the finishing touches. Finger and toenails done in matching polish, a shade of lipstick to compliment, a bit of blush and mascara to bring out her eyes and eyelashes. Finally her strawberry blonde hair, she fussed with it for an eternity before piling it atop her head. She gazed at the results in the mirror, a smile slowly creeping across her face. She shivered a bit in anticipation of the evening to come. Yes, it was going to be a fun time tonight, she thought. She finished dressing. Gave herself several light sprits of her favorite perfume, behind her ears, on her wrists and in the erotic valley between her breasts.

She threaded her way through the house, still in disarray from the week's mailings, to the garage. The red mustang gleamed as she flipped on the lights. It too was ready for an evening of fun. Tonight, though the top would be up. She hadn't spent an hour working on her hair to have it spoiled before she even got to the club. Then she was off, the neighborhood returning to silence as the mustang's engine faded off in the distance.

As long as she had taken to prepare she arrived early enough to get a table near the dance floor. She could see and be seen by just about everyone that came in. The high stool showed off her legs and she wiggled a little in excitement as the band started to warm up and people began filtering into the club. She ordered a drink and an appetizer from the waitress to get the evening going, giving the waitress a long appreciative look. If the evening didn't pan out maybe the waitress would be interested in spending some time together. She shook her head.

"No, the night is young, let's see what happens before you start hitting on the waitress," she thought to herself.

It didn't take long before she did find herself on the dance floor. There were plenty of single guys out. There was almost a line of them wanting to dance with her. She smiled and flirted, sometimes rubbing up against them as they danced to see how excited she could get them. She could feel her own arousal as she danced. Her nipples were showing as two tiny bumps through her blouse and her dance partners' eyes seemed to be riveted on them. Sometimes she would grind her pelvis hard against them as they danced across the floor seeing if they were as turned on as she. Several ran their hands across her firm ass, but each time she just smiled and danced away a bit. Teasing and daring them to do more, none did. She was a bit disappointed that none had tried to go a little farther. As she rested between dances she would chat with those brave enough to sit for a moment at her table. But none of them proved to be very interesting. If they couldn't do anything but stare at her breasts, they weren't of much use except on the dance floor.

At one point a woman asked her to dance, she readily agreed and they moved on to the dark dance floor with its flashing lights. The band was playing with a slow song with a hard heady beat and the two of them seemed to move as one across the floor. They danced close and hard moving up and down against each other. She thought she would cum right there on the floor when the other woman held her around the waist thrusting her pussy against her in time with the beat. The song ended and they kissed, the woman slipping her a piece of paper as the song ended then disappearing into the crowd. She stood stunned for a moment and then made her way back to her table as she read the note. She sat the next few dances out taking a breather after the wild ride the woman had given her and considering the note's suggestion of an evening of fun.

It was late when he finally arrived. He entered the dimly lit club and stood in the entry for a moment to let his eyes adjust. This one had the biggest crowd he had seen all evening and by far the best band. He glanced around trying to pick out the singles from the couples and seeing if there was a table or seat he could grab. It had been a good evening so far as he gazed about the crowded club. He watched with interest, as a tall blonde walked off the dance floor towards what he had thought was an empty table. She was reading something as she sat down, crossing her long legs her short plaid skirt hiking up her thighs a bit. She was striking, her hair piled high on her head with one errant strand dangling down the left side of her face. He found a spot at the bar where he could see the whole room and didn't have to strain to watch her as well.

She danced a lot, never turning away a request. Sometimes they were invited back to her table, but more often they danced through a couple of songs together and went their separate ways. Those that came back to the table would stay and chat with her for a few minutes but they never lasted very long.

"Well, what's the worst that could happen?" he thought to himself "You get to dance to couple of songs with a pretty woman. Then she tells you to get lost if she doesn't like you nothing wrong with that." He saw that the band was coming back after a break so he stood up and headed towards her table.

"Hi there, I'm Lee," he said, looking straight into her eyes. "I see the band coming back and I thought you might like to dance with me." She looked him over across the top of her drink and smiled.

"Hi Lee, I'm Ingrid. I'd love to." She stood and he offered her his hand.

"Let's dance then." He led her on to the floor as the band began to play. He was intrigued by her soft accent but was soon distracted by her dancing. He smiled at her, matching her step for step on the floor. He noticed that her nipples had grown quite hard and were trying to poke through her top. As distracting as that was it was her face that attracted him the most and he found himself gazing into the depths of her eyes and studying her sensual mouth as they danced. He felt his cock begin to harden as they moved across the floor. Dancing always did that to him, that's why he always wore pleated pants to hide his erection. Several times she moved in close rubbing her breasts and pelvis against him seductively, her eyes twinkling. He knew that she could feel the erection straining in his pants. The song came to an end.

"That was fun, stay for another with me?" She didn't reply, just smiled at him as they waited for the next song. The beat picked up and the strobes began to flash. He was ready for her this time. As she pressed up against him he took her around the waist and held her tight against him, rubbing his hard cock across the mound of her pussy. She didn't object placing her hands around his neck she meet his gaze and gave a few thrusts of her own. He let his hands wander across her ass, gently squeezing the firm cheeks as their hug tightened, their hips moving in time to the music. She broke the embrace and danced a step or two away from him. She turned away swinging her ass seductively at him watching him over her shoulder her eyes half closed. He stepped up to her holding her around the waist settling his erection in the valley of her ass. She thrust back against his erection in time to the music. His hips grinding against her as the strobes continued to flash. His hand moved to her breast, squeezing it gently trying to lightly pinch her aroused nipple through the cloth of her blouse. She held her hand against his, squeezing it then pulled away turning to face him again, a large smile on her face. He grinned back lost in the beauty of her eyes. The song ended and the lights came back up a bit.

"Let's get a drink," she took him by the hand back leading him back to her table. They sat down he motioned for the waitress and ordered. They began to chat, waiting for the drinks to arrive. The conversation turned this way and that, touching on many things and they flirted with each other shamelessly. One thing remained unchanged his gaze never left her face as if drawn there by some magnetic force. The drinks arrived and they laughed as they both excused themselves to use the restroom.

"Shall we rendezvous back here?"

"Yes, lets. It is my table after all so I will definitely be here."

Ingrid moved quickly to the restroom. "Oh my god," she thought. She gazed at herself in the mirror. Her face flushed her nipples aching underneath her bra. She found an empty stall. Hiking up her skirt she ran her hand across her excited thong covered pussy. Her thong was soaked in her juices. She trembled recalling the feel of his hard cock through his pants. Pulling her thong to her knees she sat down on the toilet letting her fingers slide across and into her hot pussy. Her other hand found a breast, tweaking, and pinching the aroused nipple her other hand moving faster in and out and across her pussy. Her head tilting back, thrusting her breasts forward as the tension built deep inside her. It was different this time something primal like nothing she had felt before. Starting deep in the core of her being and expanding outward in wave after wave of rapture, her body beginning to move in rhythm to some ancient dance. Still her orgasm caught her unawares so incredible were the sensations leading up to when it exploded through her. She sat unmoving for several minutes completely drained by the experience. She cleaned herself up. Deciding that the thong was not doing much good she shoved it in her purse. She checked herself in the mirror and headed eagerly back to the table.

Lee entered the restroom, looking for an empty stall. A urinal was out of the question in his current condition. Pulling down his pants he sat down on the toilet gazing at his throbbing cock. He couldn't believe how excited he was his cock felt bigger than it ever had before. Without thinking he began moving his hand up and down the throbbing rigid shaft. His thoughts were locked on Ingrid, her face, her seductive smile, her pink tongue wetting her lips, and her eyes gazing into his. He could almost feel her hard nipples crushing against his chest and the muscled firmness of her ass when he squeezed it with his hands. He could feel his orgasm building deep inside his balls, his shaft growing harder and longer reacting to his stroking hand. He could feel her pussy thrusting up against his cock as they danced and the heavenly sensation as he thrust it against her ass. He grunted hard as he went over the edge, his body rigid the throbbing shaft forcing jet after jet of cum into the air. It hit the door and slid down to the floor in a large white puddle. He collapsed, gazing at the mess, his cock going limp in his hand. Leaning over he cleaned himself and the floor up. His underwear was soaked where his cocked had leaked while they danced. He took them off and dropped them the trash as he washed up. A quick glance in the mirror and he headed back to the table.

Lee arrived before Ingrid did and took another moment to calm him self down. Even after bringing himself to orgasm in the restroom he was still very excited. He finished his drink in one long swallow and motioned to the waitress for another. Ingrid got back to the table just as the waitress did. The waitress gave her a long look as if aware of what she had been doing in the restroom. They continued to flirt and chat as they finished their drinks. Then the lead singer announced last call. Startled Lee looked at his watch, 1:30am! How had the night gone by so fast?

"Come on, Ingrid. Let's finish the night on the dance floor." She nodded in agreement and together they made their way on to the floor. It was still crowded and the lights were dim. Their dancing had taken on a new tone though, closer, harder. They rubbed against each other constantly. He held her tight as she rubbed her pussy up and down his thigh his hands holding and squeezing her ass. Back and forth they moved, his hard cock rubbing across her pussy or up and down the valley of her ass. Her breasts rubbed hard against his chest and once against his back as she danced behind him, thrusting her pussy against his ass and rubbing one hand up and down his hard cock. He was excited beyond comprehension, his entire being focused on the beautiful woman dancing with him.

The band announced its last song, a slow number. The lights dimmed and the strobes flicked on, adding a surreal quality to the dance. He held her close this time one hand sliding underneath her skirt, fondling her ass. He paused for a moment when his hand found nothing but bare skin under her skirt. He held her tighter one, the one hand slipping down the valley of her ass searching for her sweet pussy. He found it, wet, hot and swollen. He felt rather than heard her moan as he slipped a finger inside her thrusting it slowly in and out in time with the slow throbbing beat of the music. She leaned against him her hands locked around his neck, holding him close as his finger explored her excited pussy. His rock hard cock was throbbing in his pants aching to find its way into her. He continued to finger her, managing to unzip his pants with the other hand. He could feel her breathing hard, her hot breath against his chest. He lifted her skirt and guided his cock toward her hot pussy. She seemed unaware of what was happening concentrating only on his finger moving inside her. He removed his finger and she whimpered.

"No, no, don't stop, make me cum. I need to cum, fuck me with your finger!" she hissed. Instead he placed the head of his iron cock at the entrance to her depths and thrust hard, driving his throbbing member deep into her. She gasped.

"Oh yes, oh god yes, fuck me with your cock. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!" she cried out softly. He moved both hands under her skirt, gripping her ass fiercely as he drove is raging cock into her. She thrust back, leaning away holding him tight around his neck to keep from falling back. He grunted hard her pussy squeezing him tightly, a velvet lined sheath made just for his steel cock. She writhed against him to the beat of the music, thrusting and squeezing the cock that was fucking into her. Her clit felt enormous where it slammed into his pelvis. She thrust faster as the itchy goodness began to overwhelm her. It started again, that primal orgasm growing in the very depths of her pussy, building at the spot where his cock hit bottom, growing with each powerful thrust inside her. The music played on his cock thrusting and throbbing to the heady beat. She felt him go completely rigid, his jaw clenching to keep from crying out on the crowded floor. She felt the big cock pulsing inside her as she squeezed, could almost feel the hot streams of cum filling her, infusing her with his essence. Her own orgasm burst upon her as his cum filled her. She bucked and writhed, cumming on the meaty cock. Her juices mingling with his, sagging against each other shocked at what their bodies had achieved.

He slipped some tissues into her hand as he withdrew his cock from her swollen pussy. She slipped them inside her pussy trying to hold back the flood of juices that threatened to spill out. Their clothes were straightened out in a few moments just as the song ended and the lights came on full force. They blinked at each other like a pair of owls in the unexpected light, smiling all the while.

"So you think you might want to go dancing with me again?" he asked.

"I think I would like that a lot, but maybe a more private club next time," she replied a twinkle in her eyes.