 It was a Friday night when my friend Anna called me up and asked me if I wanted to go to a bar with her that night. I had nothing else to do so I told her I would go. I met her at the bar and we ordered up a couple drinks and before long we were well buzzed. She and I got up and danced with each other seducing every guy in the place with the way we were dancing. It looked as if we were having sex on the dance floor. Every eye in the place was on us and every woman was jealous seeing as how her guys were drooling after us. 

After a couple hours of this, we were starting to want the company of a guy, so we split up and went on the prowl. She had found her guy in no time at all, however, I couldn’t find a single guy that interested me at all. Then appearing it seemed out of nowhere, a tall, muscular cowboy walked up to me and asked if he could buy me a drink. I accepted and he went and got me a beer. He came back with my drink and I drank it quickly wanting to move on with the night. He asked me to dance to a slow song and I accepted. We walked onto the dance floor and he quickly embraced me, holding tight to me. We didn’t notice anyone around us at all. All we saw was each other. Leaning down, he kissed me, his tongue moving against mine, teasing me and making me want more than a kiss. 

I whispered in his ear and asked if he wanted to go outside with me. We walked to his truck and got in. We immediately started kissing again, with me still wanting more. My hand slipped down and stroked his dick through his jeans. I could hear the pleasure in his moan as I caressed him. I felt myself slowly starting to unzip his pants so I could feel his erection. I pulled away from his kisses and lowered my head to his awaiting hard on. I flicked my tongue against the head a few times, teasing him as he had been teasing me with kisses. Then I lowered my head even more to take his full 9 inches into my mouth. I was using my tongue ring to my advantage, massaging his dick with it. It didn’t take long for him to cum, squirting it all down my throat. 

I raised my head and asked him if he would like to come home with me so we could be more comfortable. He agreed so I gave him directions on how to get to my house. We didn’t even make it in the front door before we were ripping each other’s clothes off, racing to get to the bed. As we fell into my bed, his mouth went instantly to my dripping pussy. I don’t know what he did exactly but it sent sensations through me that I had never felt before. I could feel his tongue moving quickly across my clit making me scream and he had one finger in my pussy moving and another one entering my ass. He had me screaming with the intensity of my orgasm within a minute. He continued on like that for nearly 45 minutes before reluctantly pulling away. He reached down to his pants pocket and pulled out a condom and quickly putting it on. 

As he entered me I had another orgasm and seemed like I never stopped. I threw my legs over his shoulders so he could get deeper into me. He moved gently at first but gradually picked up the pace and before long he was slamming hard into my pussy. I was so wet the sheets below me were soaked. After an hour of fucking that way, he flipped me over onto my hands and knees and I thought he was just going to do me doggy style, however, I soon realized that wasn’t to be the case. He spread my ass cheeks apart and entered my ass. I felt a little pain, but it was combined with so much pleasure I barely noticed it. He moved in and out of my ass with long, deep strokes. He saw one of my dildos lying beside my bed and picked it up when we were changing positions and I had never seen him do it. 

While he was fucking my ass, he picked up my 10-inch rubber dick and rammed it hard into my pussy so I had both holes full of dick, even if one was a rubber one. He fucked me like that for another 30 minutes before he finally said he was going to come. He pulled his dick out of my ass and sprayed it all over my back while still fucking me to another orgasm with the dildo. I came one more time screaming loud enough to wake the dead and he pulled it out too. I had never had an experience like that before and after he left that night I never saw him again, however, I’m going back to that same bar again to see if I can find him again. If I can’t maybe I can find someone who can do for me what my mysterious stranger whose name I never got did for me.