 It was the end the of the first week of my brand new job. I just graduated University and I had been looking for a real job in my career. It took me a couple months to find a job as an assistant for a small magazine publication in Toronto. The moment I got the job I started to look for an apartment so I could move into the city and get my "adult life" started.

I found a nice apartment in the beaches, the complex only had about 10 units but it was nice, clean and I could see myself living there. I moved in immediately.

That Friday night of my first week of working, I went grocery shopping and picked up something that I could just pop in the oven and have that cook while I took a nice warm bubble bath. Passing the hygiene aisle, I noticed they had a cool new toy, a finger vibrator! I couldn't say no to that after the week I had.

So I got home, turned the oven on, and went to the bathroom to start the bubble bath. I had a good hour before the meal was to be done so I had plenty of time. As I undressed in front of the mirror, I was impressed with what I was looking at and being on my own in my brand new apartment. Looking at myself, my 5'5" body with blonde hair just brushing below my shoulders, my grey-blue eyes trailed down my body to my C-Cup breasts with my nipples just begging for attention, my hand went further down to my smooth pussy, which needed to be satisfied soon.

I shut the bathroom door and slipped into the tub with my headphones and ipod on and finger vibrator on my right index finger. It didn't take me long to get into the mood. It had been months since I last had sex (with anyone other than myself). After graduating University, I realized that the boyfriend I had at the time wasn't meant to be, so I cut my ties with him.

The warm water relaxing me, all the stresses of the week releasing from my body. I was thinking of one of the guys at work. Carson, he was an account executive responsible for getting advertisements for the magazine. He had an air of confidence that just made me wet in his presence. I knew he liked me, I noticed the way he would look at me when he thought I wasn't paying attention. If only he knew the things that I would with him if he just made a move. 

My eyes were closed and I was fingering myself with my index, middle and ring finger deep inside my while my right hand's index finger was teasing my clit. I decided the finger vibrate might not be best used in the tub. I couldn't take it anymore, I was on the verge of cumming. Thinking of Carson, in his suit and office. Me asking Carson some stupid question, sitting in the chair in front of his desk, spreading my legs and him looking between them, noticing I wasn't wearing any panties. He gets up from his chair and picks me up and puts me on the desk as he eats me out. 

Then it happened. I felt footsteps outside my bathroom door. I thought someone broke into the apartment. I was so scared but I could help myself, I was so close to cumming that I couldn't stop. Right when the door opened, I cummed so hard, moaning and yelling.

There stood in front of me, a man in a fireman's outfit! What the hell is happening I thought to myself.

Then it started to clue in, there was smoke in the background, and he stood there with a silly grin on his face. 

"Excuse me Ma'am, sorry to disturb you but one of your neighbour's called due to the smoke in your oven. I'm afraid you burned dinner" The masculine yet timid fireman said to me. I think the timidness came from the fact that he just caught me, not only naked, but climaxing in my bathtub.

"Can you give me a second...I'll be right out" I said to him.

I stood up as he left and wrapped a towel around myself and went out into the living room slightly wet still from the bath. 

"I'm glad you're ok Miss. I sent the other guys downstairs since it seems everything is taken care of. Though you'll need to clean out your oven now, we used an extinguisher in it and it's not healthy to eat from anything in there as it is.".

"Thank you so much. I'm so sorry you had to walk in on me there. I had my ipod on, and didn't hear or smell anything apparently. This is so embarrassing. My first week of living on my own and ..."

He interrupted me and said "Don't worry about it Ma'am. I've seen far worse and trust me, this is one of the nicest views I've seen on the job. I've left my card on the counter in the kitchen in case you have any questions...or need help with anything". His eyes trailed down my body when he said 'anything'. "My Cell phone number is on the back, feel free to call anytime."

He turned around and walked down the hall. Leaving me in my mild state of humiliation. 

Thankfully the smoke in the oven didn't make too much of a mess in the kitchen. But that went my relaxing Friday night.

When I awoke Saturday morning, I was feeling horny all over again. I woke up my hands in my panties, teasing my clit while I thought of last night. But in my mind, it didn't exactly happen that way. Instead of him leaving the bathroom when he opened the door, he walked in. He noticed me cumming and made a remark that a girl as pretty as me shouldn't have to do this alone.

I could see an erection forming in his fire pants. 

"Oh, really?' I said to him. "Can I see what's in there" as I pointed to his crotch.

"Guys, head on down, I'm just going to brief the resident and I'll be down in a few minutes." I heard the front door shut.

He slipped out of his fire outfit and I could appreciate his body now. I wouldn't call him a muscle guy, but he was firm and fit and definitely had definition on his body. He was about 5'10, a shaved head, pale white skin that looked extremely sexy on him, and I could see him blushing easily. As I looked at his cock, my mouth water and my hands instinctively went to my clit and teased myself. It was almost 7" inches and looked so hard, painfully hard. I needed to taste it. I lost all my judgement and reached out and grasped my right hand around his cock while my left was still feverishly teasing my clit. 

"Mmmmm you feel so good" I said as I continued to stroke his cock. Precum forming at the tip. "What's your name? I'm Sydney".

"Mike...but keep that up and you can call me anything you want".

As he finished his sentence I leaned forward and wrapped my lips around his cock. I wasn't wasting time teasing his cock like I normally would have done. I needed my mouth fucked and I needed it fucked hard. His hand touched my head and held it in place as he fucked my mouth. He was going hard and going past my throat with each thrust. I had my left hand fingering myself while my right was playing with his cock and balls. I felt his balls getting tighter and I knew he was going to cum. I wanted him in me but my desire to have his cum in my mouth so I could savour it won out. I brought my right hand to my pussy and clit and fingered myself a bit, getting it covered in my pussy juices and then brought that finger to his mouth so he could taste me. He was sucking on my finger like I was sucking his cock and that turned me on immensely. 

He let my finger free and I brought it back to his cock. Within moment, I was teasing him in that little area behind his balls before my finger began to tease his asshole. With his cock deeply planted in my mouth, I slipped my index finger in his ass, using my pussy juices and his spit as lube. Within 30 seconds of me finger fucking him, he started shooting his cum in my mouth and down my throat. I definitely felt atleast 5 spurts and savoured most of it. He leaned back on the sink out of breath while I continued to finger fuck myself. I orgasmed once more, making a small mess below myself. 

I got off my knees and brought my mouth to his and we kissed for a moment. He tried to back away when he noticed that I didn't swallow all of his cum and I was sharing it with him in this kiss. My grip on the back of his neck was enough for him to take some of it off my tongue.

As the kiss broke off he said to me "Oh, you're a naughty one."

"Little do you know. You should get dressed and head down before they come back for you and see you like this."

"Let's do this again, here's my card" He passed to me.

Looking down while laying in my bed, my fingers were covered in my cum. I got up out of bed and took his card off the counter and dialed his number.

"Hi Mike, it's Sydney from last night..."

To be continued

If you liked, please let me know.