 It was Friday night, which should have meant a night of fun for Colin. It should have been a romantic night at his apartment with his girlfriend. But instead, Colin was walking around aimlessly, thinking about his shitty week. 

Sunday night his girlfriend Theresa called him, "I'm sorry Colin. I just can't see you anymore. I feel like our relationship isn't going anywhere and I need something more". And with that she hung up, not even giving him a chance to speak. He sat there stunned, not sure what to think. He tried to study for his calculus midterm, but it was useless. The only thing he could think about was Theresa. He took his midterm the next morning, knowing he was going to fail it. 

To make matters worse, he was fired from his job at the school cafeteria on Wednesday. "We're sorry Colin, but we hired too many workers this semester and have to lay people off". Colin couldn't believe it; he got fired from the worst job on campus, food service. Friday brought about the news he expected, an F on his calculus midterm. The whole week he just thought about how Theresa had dumped him, and the week's events just added to the pain. 

"Colin!" someone yelled. Colin looked up to see his buddy Joe running towards him. "Colin, what's up man?"

"Not much Joe, how are you?" Colin mumbled.

"There's a party down the street that I'm headed to, you should come with!" Before Colin had a chance to response Joe started pushing Colin in the direction of the party. Colin looked up to see people coming and going from this house, all with the plastic red cups so synonymous with college parties. As Colin and Joe walked into the house they were greeted the smell of booze and the sound of the bass echoing throughout the house. 

"I'm going to get a cup!" yelled Joe. Before Colin could respond Joe was gone, trying to find the guy with the cups. Colin stared around trying to decide if he should walk right back out the door and leave, but the thought was quickly jarred from his head as he looked around. The familiar sight of girls dressed in their Friday's best, low cut tops and short skirts, quickly pushed the thought of leaving right out the door. He had been to parties before, but always with Theresa, and he never really took in the "sights". But now he was single, and it wasn't so bad. However, he felt he had no chance with any of these girls. He never thought of himself as a good looking guy, and often wondered what Theresa had seen in him. Even though he had often been told he was good looking by Theresa and some of his other female friends. Standing at 5'11'' and 170 lbs, he definitely had an athletic figure. He didn't work out very often, but his days of high school sports had left him with a nice body. He wasn't "ripped" by any means, but still people told him he looked good with his shirt off. His short brown hair and blue eyes didn't hurt him either. 

As he maneuvered through the crowd he noticed a girl across the room. She had a couple of guys hitting on her, and Colin couldn't help his stares. Long blonde hair, tight ass, and big breasts were about as much as he noticed when he was brought back to reality when walked directly into the girl standing in front of him. He reached out to not only catch himself, but to prevent the girl from following over as well. "I'm so sorry, are you alright?" 

The girl laughed, "Yeah I'm alright". By now Colin had turned three shades of red and figured this was just a sign he should head home and end this week from hell. To make matters worse, the girl he had bumped into was very attractive. She had brown hair put up in a ponytail and beautiful brown eyes. She stood a petite 5'4'' and couldn't have weighed more that 115 lbs. She didn't look slutty like the rest of the girls. She was wearing jeans a white sweatshirt that had their school logo on it. Colin had always found girls that wore sweatshirts hot, and even through the sweatshirt covered everything; Colin could still tell she had great body. "I'm so sorry!" stuttered Colin. 

"It's OK!" she replied, "I'm not hurt, but if I would have been, I would have kicked your ass!" Colin just stared back not sure how to respond. "Lighten up, I'm just kidding!" she laughed, "I'm on the softball team, so my coach have been upset, but I wouldn't fight with you!" Colin sighed in relief, happy there wasn't going to be a problem.

"Well I'm glad you're OK, I'm just gonna get going now!" Colin turned to leave the party.

"Wait! You think you can just leave after nearly trampling me to death?!" Colin looked back at her puzzled. "You owe me a dance or two!" Colin started to perk up a bit. Not only was this girl extremely attractive, he had always had a thing for athletes, even if it did make him a "jersey chaser". With that, she grabbed his hand and led him down to the basement where music was playing. "I'm not much of dancer!" Colin yelled as they walked down the stairs. 

She laughed, "Just let me take over then. All you have to do is just rub up against me!" Colin couldn't believe it; maybe this week would be alright yet. The moved into the crowd dancing to the latest hip-hop groove. She pulled him closer, "I'm Alyssa by the way!" she yelled over the music. 

"Colin," he replied. "It's nice to meet you Alyssa," she just smiled and started to move her hips. Colin was dumbfounded. Here this girl was grinding her body against his, rubbing her hands all over his body. Even turning around and rubbing her ass into his dick. After about 15 minutes of dancing, Alyssa peeled off her sweatshirt and tossed it onto a nearby table. "I'm hot!" Alyssa said, fanning her face with her hand. 

"You can say that again!" Colin replied. Alyssa just gave him a sexy smile. Colin couldn't help but stare at Alyssa. Removing the sweatshirt had revealed a very tight black tank top, and a very perky set of 36C breasts. Between her breasts and her ass rubbing against him, Colin could feel his dick start to harden. They danced for another 20 minutes or so when Alyssa whispered in his ear, "You wanna get out of here?" Colin just looked at her wide-eyed and Alyssa laughed grabbing her sweatshirt and leading Colin out of the basement. "My house is right down the street," Alyssa said pointing out her house. They didn't say a word as the walked down the street, they got to the front door and Alyssa led him inside. 

"Nice house!" Colin said looking around. 

"We like it," replied Alyssa. "There are four of us softball girls who live together, but you don't really care about that do you?" Colin just stared back at her when Alyssa lunged at him pinning him against the front door. She leaned in and her tongue quickly penetrated Colin's mouth. Colin had no problem with this and completely gave into her advances. They made out for about 5 minutes against the door when Alyssa turned around, rubbed her ass against Colin, and walked up the stairs. Colin stood there mesmerized by this beautiful girl in front of him. "Don't just stand there, get up here with me!" Alyssa commanded. 

Colin followed Alyssa into her room. She turned and pushed him down on the bed. She peeled off her sweatshirt, and Colin watched her tits bounce out. She looked so hot in her jeans and tank top. Alyssa moved towards him and started kissing him. First on the mouth, then his neck, and then she nibbled on his ears. She was giving him the full treatment. Colin had never had a girl be the aggressor before. With Theresa, he was always the one doing the kissing, and never received equal time. Obviously it was going to be different with Alyssa. As she kissed him, Alyssa started rubbing her hands all over his body. She let her hand graze across the crotch of Colin's jeans, she could feel the beginnings of a hard on, and so could Colin. He squirmed and let out little moans to show his approval of her touches and her kisses. Alyssa continued her barrage of kisses and then sat up. She was straddling Colin's lap and he just looked up at her with longing eyes. She reached down and started unbuttoning his shirt, slowly and sensually, gradually revealing Colin's smooth chest. As soon as his chest was exposed, Alyssa gently ran her hands down his chest, across his abs, and down to his waist, where she curled her fingers under the waistline of his pants, sliding her hands out towards his hips. Colin's body tightened up and drew in a deep breath as Alyssa did this, a wave of pleasure running through his body. 

"Sit up, so I can take your shirt off," Alyssa commanded. Colin sat forward, allowing Alyssa to slide the shirt off his arms. As soon as the shirt was free Colin lunged forward, wrapping his arms around Alyssa and started to kiss her neck. Alyssa cooed in approval as Colin kissed, licked, and sucked on her neck. He started flicking his tongue across it gently, licking from her collarbone to her ear lobe, and nibbling her neck. Alyssa could feel herself getting wet. Colin's kisses were driving her wild. Never before had someone given her this feeling of pleasure, just by kissing her neck. 

Alyssa was enjoying the attention, but had a little more in mind for tonight. She pushed Colin away and he fell back on the bed, his legs draped over the edge. Alyssa quickly stood up and started to take off her jeans. Without hesitation, Colin started to do the same. Before he could even unbutton them, he became mesmerized by the site in front him. Alyssa had turned away from him and slowly sliding her jeans down, revealing her black thong in the process. Colin couldn't believe his eyes as Alyssa bent over, sliding her jeans down her legs. Colin couldn't take his her ass. It was so perfect, and the little strip of fabric running down the middle was driving him wild. As she flipped her jeans off, Alyssa turned back to face Colin and quickly pulled her tank top over her head, letting her bare breasts bounce free. Colin gulped at the sight of Alyssa's topless body. Her breasts were firm and perky, with small nipples and already hard nipples. It was obvious that her gorgeous figure could be attributed to softball, and that's why Colin loved female athletes. 

"Did you get distracted or what?" asked Alyssa as she gestured towards his pants. 

"I...umm..." Colin couldn't even remember his name at this point. Alyssa giggled and then moved closer to Colin. She bent over at the waist and reached to undo his pants. Colin just stared at her breasts as they swayed there in front of him. Without any problem, Alyssa had Colin's pants undone and was sliding them off. As soon as she had his jeans off, Alyssa noticed the nice little tent Colin had going. She moved closer to him and kissed him.

"Lean back," Alyssa said as she gently pushed him back on the bed. With that she reached for the elastic of Colin's boxers and started pulling them down. The sound of Colin's dick slapping against his stomach made her giggle a bit, but she regained her composure and pulled of his boxers, tossing them to the side. She knelt between his legs and quickly reached for Colin's 6.5 inch dick, wrapping her hand around the base of his cock. Colin's body stiffened at her initial touch. The first touch always drove him wild, as it would for any man. Alyssa started by licking the tip of Colin's cock. With her free hand she gently played with his balls. Colin's breathing quickened, the sense of pleasure taking over his body as Alyssa worked on his dick. Alyssa continued her licking, getting his dick nice and slick. She licked up and down the shaft, long slow licks, covering as much area as she could. Then she moved her head down further and licked from just above his asshole, up over his balls, along the entire shaft, and finally taking his cock into her mouth. With one hand stroking along the base of his dick and the other playing with his balls, Alyssa bobbed her head up and down, taking about half of Colin's cock into her mouth at a time. She took turns licking his dick and pushing it into her mouth, never stopping the stroking or the kneading of his balls. Every so often she would slide up a bit, and press squeeze his dick between her luscious tits, sliding up and down his shaft. Colin was trying with all his might not to come, but Alyssa's expert abilities would soon drive him over the edge and Colin knew that. 

So Colin sat up and gently pulled Alyssa off of his dick and brought his lips to hers, kissing her hard; his tongue darting into her mouth. He slowly stood up, pulling her up with him. They continued to kiss and as they did Colin slowly moved down to kiss her neck. After briefly kissing her neck Colin let his tongue trace down to Alyssa's tits. Alyssa felt that wave of pleasure hit her as Colin's tongue traced circles around her nipples. She let her head tilt back and pulled his head to her boobs. Colin didn't need any more of a hint than that, and quickly started kissing and sucking on her tits even harder, using his hand to play with the breast that wasn't receiving his tongue treatment.

As much as Colin wanted to continue with Alyssa's breasts, he had other ideas in mind. Colin had always loved to eat pussy and had been told on more than one occasion, by more than one girl, that he definitely had talent in that department. He knelt down in front of her and slowly pulled her thong down her legs. Alyssa lifted each leg to help Colin get her thong off. Colin quickly tossed it aside and looked up for his first view of Alyssa's pussy. In front of his face was the most appealing pussy he had ever laid eyes. She kept it very well trimmed, with just a small strip of hair above her pussy. He could tell she was wet, as her lips were glistening with her love juices. Colin couldn't wait any longer, the smell and sight of her love hole was intoxicating. Still on his knees, Colin quickly plunged his tongue to its target, finally getting a taste of Alyssa. 

Alyssa nearly fell over as Colin started his attack on her pussy. She pushed his face away and lied back on the bed, legs draped over the bed and spread wide. Colin slid over into his position between her legs and started with a nice, slow lick from just above her asshole, up and over her clit with a wide tongue, engulfing her entire pussy in the process. He repeated this lick twice more, feeling Alyssa squirm in approval. Using his hand to pull her pussy lips apart and gain easier access, Colin quickly plunged his tongue into her, using it to penetrate her. In and out he rammed his tongue, using it like a cock, giving her a true tongue fucking. Alyssa's hands quickly found the back of Colin's head as she began to play with his hair and gently push his face into her snatch. Colin didn't need anymore of a hint and quickly brought his tongue to her clit. He flicked his tongue hard against it, in an up-and-down motion, keeping a nice steady pace. He would alternate pressure and ever so often start to suck on her clit. He could feel little shivers running through Alyssa and could hear her breathing change, and it became apparent to him that she was close to orgasm. In an attempt to finish her off, Colin wrapped his lips around her clit and made a vacuum type seal around it. Then, he started thrashing his tongue around, his lips preventing his tongue from losing contact with her clit. The up-and-down, side-to-side, and circular motions were too much for Alyssa, and soon she was in the throws of an intense orgasm. Her body started to shake and her hands smashed Colin's face into her, urging him to keep going. Colin's tongue lashing never stopped, he licked and licked as fast and as hard as his tongue could go, rubbing her clit hard. The moans Alyssa let out were loud and drove Colin wild. She was thrashing around on the bed, grinding her face into Colin's tongue. 

"Yes, yes, yes!" she screamed. "Oh my God Colin! Don't stop!" Colin wasn't about to stop with this gorgeous girl writhing in ecstasy, all because of him. After what seemed like forever, Alyssa started to push his face away. "OK, you have to stop!" Alyssa said, trying to catch her breath. Colin leaned back and grinned, his face covered in Alyssa's juices. "Come here and kiss me," she told him. Colin wasted no time in getting up and bringing his lips to hers. They kissed and Alyssa pushed him back and looked into his eyes, "That was amazing, the best I've ever had. And now, you're going to get the fucking of your life!" 

With that Alyssa got up and looked Colin over. "And obviously, you're ready to go!" she said as she gestured towards his still rock hard cock. Alyssa reached into her nightstand and pulled out a condom. She knelt in front of Colin, his dick pointing right her. She gave it a quick lick and then rolled the condom on. Colin got onto the bed and lied down, keeping his entire body on the bed. Alyssa got on the bed with him and quickly straddled his dick. With speed and precision, Alyssa grabbed dick and guided it right into her love tunnel, dropping down at the same time, taking Colin all the way to the hilt. She just looked at Colin and grinned and he stared at her with disbelief. The feeling of her tight pussy surrounding his cock, her beautiful body in front of him, and the look of ecstasy on her face drove him wild. Alyssa shut her eyes and started to ride Colin, sliding up and down his dick, taking the entire length with each bounce. She leaned forward and they started to kiss, a very romantic moment for the two of them. 

But this was about fucking, and Alyssa quickly broke the kiss and spun around on Colin's cock, keeping him inside of her. Then, Alyssa leaned forward and continued her bouncing on his dick. From her knees, she just slammed herself up and down on his prick. Colin's hands quickly reached for her hips, guiding her as she bounced. The site of her small ass, and his dick sliding in and out of her pussy was driving him wild. 

Alyssa was wild in bed, and was never satisfied by just a few positions. She also knew that by switching positions, Colin would last longer. She stopped her thrusting then leaned back towards Colin's chest, allowing him to take over the thrusting. Colin didn't need any other hint to make him take over. Bringing his hands to her tits, he lifted his hips and quickly started to pound away at her pussy. Using one hand to hold herself up and the other to help keep Colin's cock in place, Alyssa was in heaven. 

"You are a fucking stud Colin!" she hissed. Hearing her approval, Colin continued to pummel her pussy. Without warning, Colin turned over, pushing Alyssa of his cock.

"Get on your back!" he commanded, the look of lust in his eyes. Alyssa just looked at him, completely turned on by his passion, and did as she was told. She lied back and spread her legs wide as Colin positioned himself on top of her and rammed his cock deep into her twat. Keeping his weight on his arms, Colin purposely and forcefully thrust his cock into Alyssa's wanting pussy. As he fucked her, Colin reached for her legs and pulling them together, and pushing them towards Alyssa's chest. Alyssa gasped at the change of angle of tightness as Colin just looked at her with a look of satisfaction, knowing Alyssa was enjoying herself. Alyssa couldn't believe how any girl would let such a stud get away.

Soon, that familiar feeling inside of Colin became apparent. He could feel his orgasm building inside of him. 

"I'm going to come pretty quick here!" Colin said. 

"That makes two of us!" replied Alyssa. Colin just looked at her in disbelief, never having made a girl orgasm without clitoral stimulation. 

"How can I help you get off?" asked Colin, as he continued his thrusting, but slightly slowing the pace to prevent himself from coming.

"Fuck me from behind! You'll hit my G-spot and send me over the edge!" Alyssa hissed back. Colin couldn't believe what he was hearing, but didn't waste anytime pulling out of Alyssa. She got off the bed and leaned over it, resting on her arms. Colin quickly put his dick back in place and thrust deep into Alyssa, hitting the front wall of her vagina.
