 "So, this guy just kept on calling me, insisting that the number he was calling was the number this girl at a bar gave him," Andrea was saying. She rolled her eyes. "What a lame line. I finally got Greg to pretend to be the angry boyfriend. That stopped him from calling."

"What a fucking nutcase," I said. "How hard is it to find a decent cute guy in this fucking city?"

"Oh, don't forget single," Didi added in, tapping her plate with her fork. "Single, straight, financially independent, and actually interesting."

"But," I said, stirring my spoon through my soup. "What if he's all that but his dick is small?  Or if he's bad in bed? You know, like he's one of those treat-the-tits-like-fruit kind of guy, or a ten-second-Tom?" My girlfriends laughed, Sasha nearly choking on her water.

"Oh, I've had my fair share of ten-second-Toms," Didi said, playing with one of her dreadlocks. "If I meet a guy that jumps the gun in bed but is perfectly suited for me, then he'll be up for some training." She cut a piece of her steak. "But for the small dick thing, you know, its all in how the guy uses it. I mean, I dated this guy that I swear he barely hit the five inch mark but when we fucked, mmm-hmmm, so nice, girls, so nice." She went on with some sordid details and I found myself distracted from my food, more interested on listening and imagining. "But even so, I still like a nice big cock on occasion," Didi added at the end of a particularly steamy story that left me aching for something more than words. "Like Jay, he's got a dick that when he sticks it in me it feels like it's in my throat."

"Give me that over dildos any day," Andrea said. She gave a heavy exaggerated sigh that made her DDs jiggle in the V-frame of her shirt. "Single for just two weeks and I'm already going through withdrawal."

"I got you beat," I said, "Two and a half months." My friends stared at me.

"Are you serious, Kas?" Sasha demanded. I nodded. "Two and half months, holy fuck. I like to keep a nice steady flow of sex going, you know? I have George over most of the week. Who needs sleep?"

I shrugged. "Well, to have sex I need to find a guy first," I told them. "A nice guy. Maybe I'm too picky."

"Listen to me, as, lets say, the matriarch of our little group here," Sasha said, looking at me with her big green eyes. "Don't lower your standards to just get laid. Sex is sex, but for a lot of women, meaning you, you'll regret it if you just hop into bed with a Sleazy Joe. Plus, who knows what you'll catch."

I gave her a smile and the conversation shifted to the mishaps of the project that we'd just finished. But my thoughts weren't able to keep up with the chatter. Instead, my brain headed a bit south and my eyes wandered around the restaurant. My attention shifted from guy to guy and I rated them each and gave them nicknames. There was the blonde jock by the bar, looked like a football player retired because of too much hard liquor, he got a four. There were the Suits at the end of the bar, some of them looked nice. Collectively they got a seven or eight. I went from guy to guy and I mentally plastered numbers to their heads until my eyes drifted over to a table of men sitting a couple tables over from us.

They were all older than us, late thirties, early forties, somewhere along in there. They were all sharing drinks, laughing. They all had their sleeves up, ties loosened, the end of the week party, let it all out. I watched as they laughed at a joke one of them said and found myself utterly fascinated. I did prefer the older man to someone my age, maybe because they talked about different things, or maybe because maybe they could bring more to the bed, I don't know.

There was one guy that caught my attention. He was tall, a little lanky but not too much, nice glasses, and dark hair. I nibbled at my lower lip and fantasized what he looked like underneath his clothing. I was really off in fantasy-land when the guy stood up.

"I'm gonna go next door to BW, see what's up there," he said. "Really don't want to be sitting down anymore." He parted ways with his pals and left the restaurant and my eyes followed him hungrily. Now he was something I could definitely sink my teeth into. Maybe I didn't feel like sitting anymore.

"Hey, guys?" I said, "I think I'm going to head out." I dug into my pocket for my little wallet and pulled out ten bucks. "Here's my share of the bill, um, and I'll see you girls tomorrow at the mall." They all watched me strangely as I made a hasty retreat but I think I caught a knowing glimpse from Sasha. Outside, it was a little cool and I quickly made my way to the club next door and as I showed my ID and went inside, I wondered what the hell I was doing. I wasn't the kind of girl to hook up with a random guy, was I? Or was I?

I pulled my hair out of its ponytail and fluffed it a little as I looked around the club, trying to find that one face I was looking for. I spotted him on the dance floor, moving to the hard beat music. I looked around him, trying to figure out if he was dancing with anyone and it looked like he was dancing with a leggy brunette but I wasn't so sure. A little low on the confidence, I sidled over to the bar, grabbed a seat and ordered a rum and coke with very little rum and bided my time to snag the guy.


I was into my second drink when the guy wandered off the dance floor, and lo and behold by some fluke of fate, he grabbed the bar seat one down from mine. It was now or never. Drink held casually in my hand, I slid off my stool and into the one next to his.

"Buy you a drink?" I said, hoping my nervousness didn't reach my voice.

He glanced at me and smiled. "Isn't that supposed to be my line?" he asked.

I shrugged. "It's a modern world, right? Can't the girl start things off?" I said. I prayed that I came off as funny and witty or something good that'd get a conversation started.

"That it is," the guy said. "Okay, I'll just have a beer, whatever's on tap." The bartender got his order and soon the guy had a big sweating beer in front of him. "So, I'm Neal."

"Kas," I said. We shook hands and I felt dwarfed when his long fingers gripped my significantly smaller hand. "Um, you come here often?"

"Mostly on the weekends," he answered. "They play nice music and don't water their drinks too much. Plus there's a nice crowd here." He took a deep swallow of his beer and I watched his throat work as he drank.

I crossed my legs, feeling the material of my jeans dig in against my clit and I bit back a small whimper. "Seeing anyone?" I blurted out.

Neal raised an eyebrow. "No, not at the moment." He ran those long fingers of his up the side of his beer glass and I followed them intently like a cat does with a toy. "You?"

"Oh, I'm single, very single," I said then blushed. I was not thinking anything through, fuuuuck. "Yes, I'm single."

He chuckled. "How are you still single?"

"Bad luck, I guess," I told him. "How are you still single?"

"Touche," he said. "Haven't found the right one?"

I smiled, feeling myself relax a little. "So, I saw you dancing," I said. "You got some nice moves." Oh God what a lame line.

"Thanks," he said. "I always hope that I don't look like I'm gangly."

"Nopes," I said, "Not gangly." I watched his drink again and chugged my own drink to pluck up the coverage. "Would you like to dance? Even though I'm not that good."

"Hey, you don't know that," he said. I watched him drain his beer and I began digging around in my wallet for cash, coming up triumphantly with a ten dollar bill. I paid for our drinks and let Neal lead me onto the dance floor. As I watched the other dancers mover around us, I was glad that my work clothes weren't too formal; black slacks, a light blue tank top with lace, a light black jacket over it, black leather shoes with a hint of heel, but I still felt over-dressed compared to the others. Neal started dancing and I awkwardly followed his lead. "See, just loosen up," he said good-naturedly.

I tried, I honestly tried, moving to the beat the best I could. I had no idea what I looked like but Neal was nice enough not to laugh at me. It was nice to be out. I didn't go out to a lot of clubs, let alone dance at them, but this felt okay. I relaxed some more and got closer to Neal and he didn't seem to have a problem with it. I could feel myself getting more and more comfortable, and as I did, I felt my body start reacting on its own to the close presence of a man that I was attracted to. I watched the way that he moved, they way his hips moved ... it was kind of hypnotizing. I found myself wondering what he had on under those pants and if he moved that good in bed.

I got to find out more about how good he moved when the songs changed to something slower. I was thinking that Neal would ditch the dance floor, instead, he reached out, and not quite shyly, he hooked a couple fingers into my belt and pulled me closer. When our bodies were nearly touching, his hands slid to my hips. I was confused where to put mine since he was significantly taller than I was so I opted to rest them on his chest. My right hand came to rest over his chest and I felt his heart racing under my hand.

I stole glance up at Neal and I wondered if his heart was racing because of the dancing or something else since I knew mine was racing because of the something else.

"See, you're not a bad dancer," he said softly.

"You're just saying that," I said.

He gave a soft laugh. "No, I'm not," he said. Another couple bumped into me and I stumbled forward and into Neal, who promptly caught me but kept me pressed against his body. My breath kicked up a notch as I felt his body pressed up against mine. My eyes wide, I looked up at Neal and he looked down at me. I opened my mouth to say something but wasn't really sure what to say but it just flapped open a little more when Neal started to dance again, swaying to the music, and now with my hips plastered against his, I was forced to go along with him.

I didn't fight it, letting him lead my body. I could feel the heat of his body, leaking from his clothing to touch my skin. I could also feel something else against my belly. I didn't dare look up at him as I felt his cock hardened against me, instead, I closed my eyes, leaned my head down against his chest and just focused on the delicious warmth of his body against mine, of that intimate closeness. I was getting wetter by the minute as we danced and I wondered if anything was going to happen or if it was just going to end in a night alone wallowing in sexual frustration but I wasn't about to ask him if he'd have sex with me.

But when I felt one of his hands slide around me to rest lightly on my ass, my chances of getting fucked just got a little better. I looked up at Neal. He wasn't smiling anymore, instead an intense expression had taken over his face and his eyes were steady on mine. My mouth dry, I licked my lips. Splaying my hand flat against his chest, I slid it up till it cupped the back of his neck. It was now or never. Tangling my fingers in his hair, I pulled Neal down and gave him a small kiss. I pulled away to see his expression. His eyes were dark and he bent his head to kiss me again, this time a deeper kiss, one with more feeling. I moaned against his lips, my hand that was still on his chest fisting with a handful of his shirt and his hands moved to my back to press me more firmly against him.

"Would you ... would you like to come over?" I whispered when we came up for air.

"Are you sure?" Neal asked. He reached up and stroked his knuckles along my cheek.

"I ... yes," I said. "Come home with me?"

"Sure."

In breathless silence, we left the club and caught a cab. After ten minutes of a silent drive with a little soothing petting, we were at my place. I let us in, gave myself enough time to lock up, reset the alarm, before pressing Neal against the door, my hands running up his chest to latch around the back of his neck. We kissed, deep and hungry, tongues sliding against each other.

My nails scraped over his shoulders and my fingers found the buttons of his shirt and I started undoing them until I reached his belt. I broke the kiss to nuzzle Neal's neck as my fingers rubbed against the cold metal of his belt buckle before unbuckling it to get access to his button and fly. I fingers were working on the zipper when Neal stilled my hands.

"What ... what's wrong?" I asked breathlessly.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" he asked, sounding sincere.

I gave him a small smile. "I followed you into a dance club that I would've never stepped foot in just so I could talk to you," I said, slipping a hand free to undo his zipper. "I danced with you when I really don't like to dance because I get embarrassed." I got my hand into his pants. "I wouldn't do all of this if I wasn't sure, would I?"

"I suppose so," Neal said. He smiled at me, running his hands along my back. "Now, where were we?"

"I was doing this," I said, getting my hand into his boxers. My fingers curled around the shaft of his cock and I gave it a small squeeze. "And then I was going to go over here." One hand on his cock and my other hooked into his pants, I led him to the couch, sat him down, the spreading his legs a little, I knelt down between them. "Ad then," I said, pulling his cock out. "I was going to do this." I leaned down and took the head of his cock into my mouth. Neal gave a small moan and I took more of him in, my tongue sliding of the head and the shaft. 

Using my hand on the lower part of his cock, I bobbed my head up and down on the head, flicking my tongue over the slit to taste his salty pre-cum then along the ridge and along the underside. I sucked in earnest, feeling his long fingers sink into my hair. I looked up and saw him watching me and I took more of him in until the head of his cock touched the back of my throat and I swallowed around it so the muscles massaged the cockhead.

"Oh god," I heard him murmur. I slid his cock out of my mouth and used my hand so I could look up at him.

"Do you still think that I don't want to do this?" I asked him. Neal shook his head. I took his cock back in my mouth again, sucking him deep and slow, to savor the moment.

He was warm against my tongue, the soft skin covering the hard blood-engorged muscle beneath, the thick veins, and I explored the ridge on the underside where I knew I would get to feel his cum pumping out. I only stopped when I felt his hand on my cheek. I looked up at him questioningly.

"I don't feel right if you do all the work," he said. He helped me to my feet and took me over to the sofa.

It was one of those big and comfy ones and Neal sat me down in it. Kissing me gently, he took off my shoes and socks and then he trailed his fingers over my cheeks, down my throat, over my chest, making my nipples tingle under my bra, then finally, to the front of my pants. He undid my belt, plucked loose the button, then pulled down the zipper. My pulse kicked up a notch and my breath came faster when he hooked his fingers into the waistband of my jeans and tugged them down. I lifted up my hips so he could pull them down farther and finally off my legs. I feel my skin tighten in the cooler air and goosebumps decorated my thighs. Tossing my pants aside, Neal rested his hands on my knees, his long fingers splayed over my pale skin. I liked the contrast, his pale tan skin on my paler yellow skin. He gave my knees a little squeeze before he ran his hands slowly up my thighs. I could feel my stomach muscles tighten and ache as his fingers inched closer to my underwear, my pussy warm and wet. Neal's hands shifted so they were along my inner thighs and slowly, he pushed my legs apart. Leaning forward, he pressed a kiss to the top of my thigh, licking where he kissed as one of his hands moved to my pussy. I gave a low soft moan when his fingers pressed against my swollen clit. The texture of the material rubbed against my ultra sensitive flesh and my hips jerked a little. My hands, resting on the couch, curled into fists as Neal stroked my clit again.

"Oh God," I whispered, my head falling back. My hands uncurled from their fists and I ran my hands over my thighs, over his hand that was between my thighs and I pressed his hand against my pussy. "Please," I whispered.

Neal moved his hands to my hips and he tugged my panties down, letting me raise my hips so he could pull them all the way down and drop them to the floor. Now I was exposed to him and I pulled off my shirt and undid my bra.

"You're over dressed," I told him. Neal smiled and he let me help him undo the last of the buttons of his shirt and push it off his shoulders. He got to his feet, kicking off his shoes and pulling off his socks before pushing off his pants and boxers. When he knelt down in front of me again, he was as naked as I was.

He spread my thighs wider and resumed playing with me, rubbing his fingers along my puffy pussy lips before pushing between them to slide inside of me. I whimpered loudly as I felt his fingers move against my inner walls, the texture of his skin exciting me. He fingered me in teasing slowness, two fingers inside while he used his thumb on my clit.

My skin was flushed and sweaty when Neal bent down lower, parting my lips with this fingers, to exposed my clit to his tongue. When his lapped at it, my entire body jerked up off the couch, my hands pulling into fists as I gave a startled cry. His tongue, soft, warm, wet, swirled around my clit. I was so ramped up it was almost as if I could feel the very taste buds on his tongue.

"Please, please, please," I begged, my hands tugging at his hair. "Fuck me, please." Neal let me haul him up and I gave him a sloppy kiss, tasting my juices on his lips, our tongues sliding against each other as my hands fumbled for his cock and I shifted my body lower on the couch. Neal shifted on his knees and I felt the smooth hot head of his cock against my pussy. We looked at each other, eyes locked as the entire world around us shut down, and slowly ... oh so slowly, he slid himself into my more than ready body.

I was squirming by the time Neal was all the way in, my hands grasping desperately at his shoulders, trying to pull him on me. My body was on fire, hot thick flowing fire, and the feel of Neal's cock in me was like feeding fuel to that fire.

"You feel so good," he whispered to me, gathering me closer to him. My legs went around his waist, bringing me even closer to him, and he began to thrust. Silken heat, I started off with soft sighs, to whimpers, to moans, to soft cries of pleas. Neal kept a steady pace, keeping me on that edge, yet pushing me farther at the same time. I clung to him, my world narrowed to just him as my nails dug into the flesh on his back.

It didn't take long for a wet sliding sound to reach my ears as Neal's pace speeded up as his control slowly slipped. His thrusts became harder and leaning forward, pushing off the sofa, I have him on his back, breaking my own fall with my knees so I didn't fall on him.

"Your turn?" he asked with the smile, his cheeks flushed as he looked up at me. I smiled back at him, bracing my hands on either side of his head.

"Yes," I breathed, starting to move my hips. I closed my eyes and let the sensations fill my head; the feel of his cock sliding out of me, my pussy clinging to him, reluctant to let him go; the feel of me sitting back down on him, the fullness as he slid back in. My hips moved faster, my nails digging into the carpet. Neal's hands were on my body, one on my back, the other playing with my breast, pinching my nipples.

My hips moved faster and I leaned back and I guided Neal's hand from my breasts to my pussy, and he picked up the cue and his thumb rubbed over my clit. My legs trembled, almost not strong enough to keep lifting my hips, yet my carnal instinct pushing me on, spurred on by the scent of sex in the air.
