 She was sitting at her desk. Her office was the only one with a light on. The rest of the building was dark. But then it was 8:00 pm on a Friday night. The rest of the building, like most of the rest of the city, was busy starting the week-end. But not her. She was still at her desk. The reason I know she is still at her desk is because I'm still at mine.

Her office was on the 30th floor of a high-rise office building in downtown Boston. As luck would have it, my office was on the 30th floor of the building across the street. In contrast to my office with only my desk lamp on, her office was lit up like daylight. Otherwise, the offices were mirror images of each other in layout. The desks were close to the floor-to-ceiling windows, facing the door. That meant the occupant sat with their back to the window and simply had to swivel their chair around to enjoy the view of the downtown corporate world. Each office had a small conference table in one corner and a leather couch just inside the door.

At roughly 5'9" tall with blonde hair that hung almost to her waist when she was standing, she struck an imposing sight as she moved about her office. She was smartly dressed in a dark business suit appropriate for the professional environment we worked in. I was sitting at my desk with my chair turned around, watching her. This was not the first time I had watched her but it never got old. Based on her head movements and body language, she appeared to be talking on the phone.

She reached up and appeared to click the phone off, ending her conversation. Then she did something that really got my attention. She stood up, reached under her skirt and removed her panties. Tossing them in her desk drawer she then did something even more bizarre. She removed her suit jacket, laid it over the back of her chair, and unbuttoned and removed her blouse. That was followed by her bra. She was now naked from the waist up. Dropping the blouse and bra into another desk drawer, she retrieved jacket from the chair and slipped it back on. I caught a quick glimpse of the side of one of her breasts as she turned to pick up her jacket. She then sat back down and went back to work as if working at one's desk semi naked was normal. Now she had my full attention. I turned off my desk lamp, sending my office into complete darkness, and settled back in my chair to see what was next.

What happened next was nothing, at least for the next 30 minutes or so. I had almost decided to call it a night when she looked up as if someone had knocked on her office door. She must have to acknowledged the knock because the door eased open and the night janitor pushed his cleaning cart into the room. They exchanged greetings and the woman went back to work and the janitor began his cleaning routine. Based on the gray around his temples, I guessed the janitor was somewhere in his early to mid-fifties, tall, lanky, and looked to be a physically fit older black man.

The woman seemed to be wrapping up her work and reached for her desk phone. Placing the receiver to her ear, she dialed a number. My desk phone lite up at the same instant. I hit the button for the speaker phone and answered, "Hello, this is Adam". The caller on the other end whispered, "Hey babe, are you ready for your Friday night surprise?"

You see...the woman in the office across the street is my wife, Sarah. And the "Friday Night Surprise" she mentioned is a game we started a few months ago. I'm a regional director for an insurance company and Sarah is a lawyer, specializing in real estate law. We are in our mid-thirties and have been married for 10 years. We have not yet started a family but have discussed it. Both of our jobs come with a fair amount of stress so a couple of years ago we started looking for a way to ease that stress, worried that our schedules would drive a wedge between us and ultimately drive us apart.

We met when we were seniors in college, both already reasonably experienced sexually. Once we started dating we became stopped seeing other people. Our sex life has been open and adventurous from the very start. Even though we didn't have other partners once we got together, we probably did everything two people could do sexually without breaking the law. Honestly, I'm not sure we didn't cross the line a couple of times. Our adventures have included some pretty outlandish role playing as well a good assortment of sex toys, both male and female.

I have never been with another guy and have no desire to. Sarah, on the other hand, had a couple of adventures with one of her college roommates. She, of course, considers herself a heterosexual but has been very open with me about the pleasure she enjoyed with her roommate, even admitting that under the right circumstances she would consider being with another woman.

Anyway...as our careers began to consume us we both realized we needed an outlet. Because we had always been so open and adventurous in our sex lives it just made sense to us that sex would be our outlet. We were confident enough in our relationship that sex outside our marriage seemed safe to us. However, neither of us were had any interest in the swinging scene. After a lot of discuss, and some very hot sex along the way, we devised the "Friday Night Surprise" game.

So...this is how the "game" works. Once a month we get to have sex with another person. Sarah gets the first Friday of the month and I get the third. We laid out the ground rules: 1) No repeat partners. Each adventure had to be "one-and-done". 2) The other person always has to watch. 3) Although we agreed that this rule could change at some point, for now the adventure has to happen in our office. That made it more exciting and easy for the other person to watch undetected, if we choose for our "victim" not to know.

I won't go into detail about how we planned our adventures but it goes without saying that plenty of thought and planning went into the process. We knew going in that some of the partners would likely be people we knew and or worked with. So, we took measures to ensure confidentiality. The last thing we wanted or needed was a scandal. We agreed that, outside of personal safety, there would be no boundaries concerning who we selected.

Because I'm a gentleman, Sarah got to go first. Her first "victim" was a twenty something bicycle messenger she ran into in the elevator of her office building. He came to her office on that first Friday night and Sarah had a great time. As planned, she left the phone on speaker so I could hear. I wasn't sure how I would feel about watching her have sex with another guy but I found it to be very stimulating. I came two times myself and it appeared that Sarah had several orgasms of her own. The guy was well endowed and had plenty of staying power. I had my second orgasm as he laid her across her desk and fucked her to orgasm. It turned out to be a pleasurable experience for both of us and led to an incredible night of sex when we got home.

For my first time I invited the head of the catering company who provided or company lunches each Friday to return later that night for a little "dessert". She was slightly older than me but very attractive. Quite the contrasting body from Sarah. Where Sarah is tall and blonde with full voluptuous breasts, the woman was a slim 5'2" tall with small breasts and dark hair. This was my first time with another woman since meeting Sarah so I was a little nervous at first but soon relaxed and had a great time. Sarah told me at home that night that she found it equally exciting and masturbated to a couple of orgasms while she watched. Our first adventures seemed to be the final litmus test for our game.

To add to the excitement, we decided to place cameras in strategic places in both our offices so we could record our adventures for future enjoyment. We hid 4 cameras in each office and linked them to our home computer.

Sarah surprised me on her next Friday night by inviting one of the female law students from her firm to stay late that night with her. It seemed that her attraction to women was still alive and well. The girl was obviously comfortable being with another woman. They seemed to truly enjoy the others company. Sarah even brought some of her toys from home for them to use. And, from my perspective, the sex was incredibly hot. Other than on video, I had never watched two women together. After watching them together I was secretly hoping that this wouldn't be the last time Sarah would select a woman. The highlight of the night was when Sarah bent the girl over her desk and fucked her from behind with a strap-on dildo that I never knew she had. I think I rubbed a blister on my penis during that episode. I was grateful at that moment we had decided to record our adventures. I was certain I wanted to watch this one with Sarah.

Because I thought it would be fun and I knew Sarah would get a kick out of it, two weeks later the same girl showed up at my office. Her name was Debbie and she was relatively new to the law firm and had never met me so she had no idea that I was Sarah's husband. She was equally enthusiastic about sex with me. She apparently enjoys both men and women. The sex was amazing. Though a couple of inches shorter than Sarah, they shared similar body shapes with full voluptuous breasts for me to slide my dick between when I tit fucked her. I found out she and Sarah also share a common interest in anal sex. We ended the evening with her pressed against the full-length window as I fucked her in the ass. Though she never knew it, Sarah had a front row seat as she sat in her office just across the street. I erupted in her ass as she experienced her own orgasm.

I was thinking on the way home that I regretted agreeing to the "one and done" rule. I definitely wouldn't mind another Friday night with Debbie. I forgot all about Debbie when I walked in the door at home. Sarah met me at the door naked. After jokingly punching me in the arm for selecting the same person she did, she informed me that there was another ass waiting to be fucked. Needless to say, that Friday night was very eventful and very exhausting. We both slept until almost noon the next day.

Sarah's voice snapped me out of my thought filled daze.

"Adam, are you there?"

"Huh, oh sorry babe, my mind wandered for a moment. What were you saying?"

"I was asking you if you were ready for your Friday night surprise."

"Yes, of course. I'm always ready to watch you in action. So, who is it going to be tonight? I hope the janitor leaves soon so he doesn't screw up your plans."

"You know I can't tell you. You will just have to wait and find out. And besides, how do you know he's not the one I invited" she whispered as she giggled wickedly.

"Oh sure," I said with a trace of sarcasm, "I'm sure you are going to fuck the janitor."

"Well...you will just have to wait and see. I gotta go now. I'm putting you on speaker so be quite and enjoy the show."

With that, Sarah clicked her desk phone to speaker mode and went back to work. I put my phone on speaker mode and then muted my end so I wouldn't accidently disrupt the activities in her office. I stripped down to my tee shirt and boxers in preparation of a night of sexual enjoyment.

It looked like Sarah was finishing up her work and began clearing the paperwork from her desk. The janitor seemed to be wrapping up his duties and was moving his cleaning cart toward the door when Sarah looked up and spoke to him for the first time since the initial greeting when he came in.

"Well James, are you done for the night" I guess I shouldn't have been surprised that she knew his name since he has probably worked there much longer that Sarah, but for some reason I did find it slightly amusing that she did. "Yes ma'am," he replied. "I think I'm finished here."

My heart leaped into my throat as Sarah stood up. She had put her suit jacket back on but hadn't bothered to button it. I'm sure that if James looked her way he could at the least see a fair amount of cleavage, if not her most of her breasts. She turned slightly toward me and the window for a split second and flashed her tits at me as she made her way around her desk. She leaned against the side of her desk and spoke to James again.

"James, before you go I was wondering if you could do me a favor." James stopped his cart at the door and turned toward Sarah as he answered. This provided him with his first clear view of my wife as she leaned on her desk, her suit jacket hanging unbuttoned on her shoulders. I saw his eyes widen as he realized what he was seeing. Now my heart was about to leap out of my chest. She was going to do it. She was going to fuck this black janitor. We had never discussed interracial partners. We hadn't avoided the topic, it had just never come up. Some of the videos we had watched had involved black men and white women but we had not intentionally selected videos based on that premise. I guess it would soon be a topic we discussed.

"Yes ma'am, what can I do for you?", James asked as he took a couple of tentative steps in her direction. I thought I would pass out when Sarah replied, "James, I was wondering if you would fuck me before you leave." I think James and I shared the exact same level of surprise. Trying to maintain his composure and be sure he heard her right, James stuttered...Maa'amm, what did you say?" Sarah shrugged the jacket off of her shoulders and her full voluptuous breasts came into full view. "I asked you if you would fuck me. Oh, and my name is Sarah. You should call me Sarah while you are fucking me." Sarah said it so matter-of-factly you would have thought she was discussing the close of another real estate deal.

The only person in the entire city more confused and excited than me at that moment was James. He seemed to be spell bound and frozen in place as his eyes moved back and forth between Sarah's face and her breasts. It was probably a full minute before he regained his voice. "Ma'am...ah...I mean Sarah...I can't do that. I'm a married man and I'm guessing you are married also."

"You are correct James. I am married. I know you are married, too. I also know that being married didn't keep you from fucking our receptionist, Barbara." James face showed the surprise of a man thinking he would soon be fired. "Don't worry," Sarah assured him, "your secret is safe with me. Now come over here and fuck me. I would like very much for you to stick that big black cock of yours as far up my pussy as you can get it and fuck me senseless."

Who was this sex crazed woman who had taken over my wife's body? I had never seen her so aggressive. Nor had I ever heard her use such language outside our bedroom. I wondered briefly just how close she and this Barbara were. Had she confided any of our secrets to her? I doubted it. I knew and trusted Sarah too much to suspect that. I did make a mental note to ask her how she found out about the receptionist and James.

James hesitated another minute, trying to figure out what was going on. The hesitation ended when Sarah stood up, unzipped her skirt and let it fall to her feet. She stepped out of it and kicked it to the side, leaving her standing there in only her heels. She again leaned back on the desk, this time with her legs spread far enough that I'm sure James could see her clean-shaven pussy. He then made his way across the room to stand in front of Sarah, still slightly hesitant in his movements.

To break the ice, Sarah reached out and, taking his left hand, she placed it on her right breast. She then covered his hand with hers and helped him massage it. His massive hand completely hid her breast. After a few seconds he got the message and put his right hand on her left breast and began massaging both of them. Sarah's breasts are very sensitive so I can imagine that her nipples were instantly standing out like pencil erasers. Soft moans were coming from her as she tilted her head back and enjoyed the sensation.

While James stimulated her nipples, Sarah put her arms inside his and began seductively rubbing his chest and neck. As she worked across his upper body she worked the zipper of his work coveralls down. Slipping her hands inside the opening in the coveralls she continued massaging his chest. Pushing first the left and then the right side of his garment off of his shoulders she slipped it off of him. He temporarily moved each arm to let the coveralls drop and then went right back to her breasts as if drawn there by some mysterious force. They bunched up at his feet. Duplicating Sarah's moves to get rid of her skirt, he was soon standing there is only his work boots and boxers.

Sarah began kissing her way down his body, stopping at each of his nipples to kiss and lick them on her way south. Even in the loose-fitting boxers the bulge at his mid-section was noticeable. I could hear him moan as Sarah kissed the bulge thru the fabric. Her hands were massaging his ass cheeks as she placed a series of kisses around his groin area. After considerable teasing thru the fabric, she hooked her fingers in the waistband of his boxers and worked them down his legs. An audible gasp escaped her lips when his black cock sprang free and literally slapped her on the chin. "Oh my god James. I had no idea it was this big. It's HUGE..." I had to agree. He certainly measured up to the porn stars we had seen on video. Even partially erect, it sagged under its own weight. I felt something move down below and looked down to realize I had a ragging hard on of my own.

Sarah tentatively licked the tip with the same caution someone might use when testing the temperature of bath water. She then took it in her hands and licked the tip again, more confidently this time. Even partially covered in her hands, his un-cut penis looked enormous. Sarah used her hands to peel the foreskin back and began lavishing licks and gentle kisses up and down its length. Using her hands to stroke it, she took more and more in her mouth each time.

The wet slurps and gurgles coming thru the speaker made it evident that she was struggling to take it in her mouth but she kept going. Fighting her gag reflex, she sucked and licked and gagged until she had, by some miracle, taken it to the hilt down her throat. Her nose pressed against his lower stomach, she held it there for several seconds before coming up for air. Then, reversing direction, she plunged it back down.

James held her head in his hands and began working his hips back and forth. He was basically face fucking her at this point. Her breathing was now a series of ragged gasps as she took his engorged member down her throat with each thrust. "Oh Ms. Sarah...your mouth feels so hot ...on my dick...aww...I can't believe you took the whole thing....that feels so awesome...ohhh...Ms. Sarah...I think I'm about to cum..."

When he announced that he was close to cumming, I saw Sarah's right hand leave his cock and slip between his legs. Many times when Sarah is giving me a blow job she has slipped a finger into my ass just at the point of ejaculation. I suspected James was about to experience that exact sensation.

"Ohhhhh...here it comes...I'm cumming Ms. Sarah....I'm cumminnnggggg...take it...take my cum..." Then I saw Sarah's arm jerk forward, one certain indication that James now had one of her fingers in his ass. The other certain indication was when James' eyes popped wide open and he screamed like a wild animal. Convulsing almost uncontrollably, he held Sarah's head tight against his groin as he pumped his black seed down her throat. Sarah was trying desperately to swallow every drop but there was just too much. Finally, James relaxed his grip on her head and slid his cock out of her mouth. A flood of semen followed it out, spilling out of her mouth and onto her breasts. I don't think even the porn stars cum that much.
