 If unstated, all characters are at least the age of 18 or older. 

Primary themes: Futanari on female, impregnation 

Thank you so much for the continued feedback, I really appreciate all feedback especially the constructive criticism! 

*****

A buzzing from my nightstand tugged my heavy eyes awake, the world a foggy blur. Giving a small groan I dug myself out of the fluffy sheets of my bed and struggled for my phone, the source of the annoyance. My apartment bedroom was empty, Tess's job had her in early and I almost always slept through her leaving. Giving my eyes a ginger rub I unlocked the device and was greeted by five missed calls and nearly twenty text messages which wrote "Wake the fuck up", all from my Cliques editor, Jess. 

I gave a sigh; I really missed having Tess as my editor. There was something special about our late night proofreading sessions while we were in college, typically done in nothing but gym shorts and playful teases between paragraphs. My mind wandered slightly towards memories of how most of Tess and I's editing sessions ended before shaking the heated memories from my mind and focusing on the task at hand again, my foul mouthed editor. 

Jess was a good editor, she just never held back for anyone, when I spoke with her she told me she didn't "pussyfoot around" because it wastes time. Despite her poor manners I really did believe she made me write better, so I tolerated her attitude. My phone buzzed again, Jess was calling me for the sixth time of the morning. 

"Heya Jess." I greeted my editor in a groggy voice. 

"What the fuck Red, it's like goddamn eleven." Jess greeted me back. I glanced at Tess's alarm clock on the nightstand and saw a bright red 11:13 AM looking back at me. This was pretty early for me, as a night owl I did my best writing from midnight to about four in the morning. Plus with Cliques being an online magazine and with myself being paid article to article, it's not like I had working hours to conform to. 

"Yeah, whats up?" I asked, not wishing to defend myself. 

"That schoolgirl story we published last night, check it out." She ordered. Giving a groggy mumble I snagged my laptop from the floor and flipped it open, navigating to the story about Kris' first time from Friday. As the page loaded I was greeted by a counter reading 20,000 views and 50 comments. 

The view count woke me up slightly, "Not bad for one night huh?" I muttered into the phone. 

"Not bad? That's the fastest view growth Cliques has ever had in the risqué section. God called me this morning and she wants more. You've got other stories from Friday right?", God was Jess' nickname for Bev, the owner of Cliques. She had a very hands-on approach to her magazine; Jess said her nickname was prevalent among all the editors. 

"Well yeah, I've got two more from Friday. When do you need the drafts by?" I grew more awake.

"Like fucking yesterday. Bev wants one more up by tonight at least to see if this one was just a fluke."

"Tonight?" I began to complain. 

"Are you fucking dense? You just broke records in our smut section and you're bitching to me?" My phone barked rudely. 

"Oh right. I'll get a draft to you soon." My tune suddenly changed. 

By Friday night both Jackie and Mari's stories were published and major hits in the risqué section of Cliques. All three made a small splash in social media, the spread was significant though considering the intensely erotic nature of the stories. Jess had let me know Bev was thinking about giving my series a section on the main page of Cliques if the attention keeps up. I left my apartment and headed to the Ark Nursery with Jess' words of encouragement: "Don't fuck it up" stuck in my head. 

Passing under the large archway that bore the massive Ark Nursery letters I took in the campus with a new sense of wonder. First off I realized how absolutely massive the nursery actually was, earlier I believed it to be like a college campus but it was more like a self-contained town. Various restaurants and shops lined the streets flanked by parks and green space, with apartment complexes and neighborhoods throughout the campus. 

But I couldn't shake the focus that all this was created on the basis of futanari and reproduction. Young women with children strolled on the streets, many with their bellies showing obvious signs of another on the way. Many of the clothing shops featured maternity wear, and appeared to be the most popular among the residents. I thought back to last week regarding the referral system, the arousal techniques, the arrangements. The entire community just oozed the sensations of motherhood.

Sputtering up to the entranceway of The Guardian Angel a young valet scurried over and opened my door for me, giving a loud creak. My car was a total rusted shitbox, but the valet was kind enough to maintain a professional smile while she disappeared with my ride in a cloud of smoke. Striding into the massive entrance hall I took a place in line at the reception desk, I knew I where I was headed but I the extravagance of the building still made me feel like an outsider. 

Returning for a second time to The Guardian Angel made me realize just how far out of the building's league I actually was. Staff wore sharp suits that wouldn't look out of place at a wedding while they strode through the massive entrance hall, smiles on their faces. Each wore her hair in a tight bun or ponytail while they greeted residents and children by name. Their suits bore small nameplates with their names engrained upon them, as if they were and always had been a part of the building. 

"Miss Red?" The receptionist asked, jerking my attention away from the elevator lobby. "Do you need assistance in finding the lounge?" I remembered her from last week. 

"Oh, no, I just wasn't sure if I had to check in or something." I said shyly

"That's quite alright Miss Red, there is no need for a check in. Feel free to head back when you're ready." She said in polite tone. I nodded in thanks and scurried off to the lounge. 

Jackie was the first to see me in the large room, she threw her hands up and shouted "Heeeey! There she is! Told you she'd come!" I made my way over to the table and took a seat, giving a nod of greeting to the members of the table. 

"Did you think I wouldn't come back?" I asked Jackie.

"Kris didn't think you would come back." Jackie said with a smile. Rather than her usual attire of a sharp suit she instead donned a comfortable pair of jeans and a loose fitting t-shirt. 

"You had a rough go of it last week, and you're not the first normal to join our card game here. Most don't come back." Kris attempted to defend herself while avoiding eye contact with me. She also donned a comfortable pair of jeans and t-shirt. 

"That's quite alright." I said with a smile. 

Cass finished giving an order to a passing waitress before returning to the conversation, "Yeah, but they're usually just trying to find a futa. After one night they usually get what they wanted and have no reason to come back." The table gave a chuckle to Cass' comment. Cass wore a tight pair of white shorts with a neon purple tank top. She appeared to be comfortable with her large breasts and long legs exposed. 

"Of course she came back, her retelling of last week has gotten pretty popular you know." Mari calmly said from behind a wine glass. She wore a professional black skirt and a red blouse. Turning to me she gave a small nod, "Thanks for the name changes in the articles by the way, not that we really have anything to fear," She waved her hand to the table, "but some of us don't appreciate the attention.

"Yeah, thanks." Kris said with wide eyes. I figured the only one at the table that had difficulty with attention was her. 

I tried to change the subject, to ease into the group dynamic. "No suit Jackie?" I asked. 

She shot a smile back to me and shook her head, "Naw, I only dress up when I have a date, flying solo today so it's a relaxed night. But if you like me in a suit I could go toss one on. Then maybe we could have our own date later tonight." Jackie said in an teasingly seductive tone. 

I shook my head, "uh, no thanks." Forcing a chuckle from the table, including Jackie. 

"Alright newbie, you ready to play?" Cass asked, tossing me the deck of cards. My second Friday night at The Guardian Angel began. 

******

The casual card game continued for a while. I sipped casually on a soft drink, electing for a non-alcohol option to keep my memory sharp. Jackie teased me about being a 'child' but I just laughed it off. Jess' words of "don't fuck it up" were still stuck in my head and I didn't want to risk anything by getting drunk. I had a small flip pad of paper in front of my place on the table, having received permission from the group to take notes. 

"So where did you end up putting her then?" Cass had asked Mari, casual banter at the table. 

Mari folded her hand and answered, "I put her out in Pinebrook, said her wife's a nature lover so I thought they'd appreciate the greenspace." I realized they were talking about a referral Mari had given. I suddenly felt shocked at how casual the conversation was. Families live in nursery for five years after conception, and Mari had chosen a family's home on the basis of what sounded like pillow talk. 

"Do you ever get blowback because someone doesn't like the referral you picked for them?" I asked the table. The table shrugged, with the exception of Jackie who wore a massive grin.

"Not usually" Kris said softly, "I mean if they don't like it they're not forced to live there. Basically free housing. Every once in a while you get someone that throws a fit, but it's not often we ever even see our partners again after we sire a child."

"Fuck, those stuck up bitches are my favorite." Jackie said crudely. "Take one of those rich girls out and make her a woman, then give her some working-class housing referral. The social worker in that neighborhood tells me all about how fucking mad they get when they first move in, it's glorious." 

"That happens often to you, Jackie?" I asked, attempting to proposition another story. 

"Red" Jackie began, using my real name for the first time ever, "I know we've only known one another for a short time, but if you don't realize how fucked up my kinks are by now you're hopeless as a writer." 

I smiled and laughed a bit on the inside. Sure Jackie was a pretty scary character, her stories and dealings with Sherry from last week made her seem dangerous, but at the same time I didn't feel scared around her. 

"Just the other week I –" Jackie began

"Ahem" Mari cleared her throat loudly. 

"Oh right," Jackie stopped suddenly, "Almost got carried away." 

I was nervous at her balking.I wondered if I did something wrong with publishing the stories from last week? I had changed all the names and places, even asked permission. Kris piped up before the panic in my chest could rise, "It's Cass' turn." She said staring at Cass. 

Cass blushed and took a casual drink of her beer. "Oh ho ho" she chuckled, "My turn eh? I don't really have any good ones though-"

"Emma" Mari said with her nose in a wine glass. Cass blushed red while Jackie and Kris chuckled at the table. 

"Fuck that, I knew I never should have told you idiots about that..." Cass rubbed her hand on her forehead. 

"We made Kris talk about creaming in the girl next door, it's only fair." Jackie said playfully.

"Yeah!" Kris agreed, happy she wasn't the embarrassed one for once. 

"Fine, fuck..." Cass muttered before finishing off the bottle in front of her. Wiping the beer from her lips she looked towards me. "So I was at The Divide"

*****

A loud beat bounced through The Divide as Cass lay back on the couch. She made small talk with her close friends who lounged nearby as she glanced through the club filled with fog, flashing lights and gorgeous women. Beautiful girls of all colors and styles danced in sweaty ecstasy on the dance floor, flirting at tables with drinks in hand, or sharing an embrace with a new partner on one of the many couches and booths in the sensual room. 

Tiny skirts and tight dresses danced through the room, demanding attention. Breasts flowed from low cut shirts, each pair pushing the limit on close a neckline could come to revealing everything. Everyone came to The Divide to hook up, to find love, to find lust, and to be someone's desire. Cass always thought of it as a room full of princesses each demanding to be someone's queen. But in reality, the realm of The Divide was Cass' domain as she was its matriarch. 

Her eyes took in the subjects of her domain, the tight bodies and even tighter clothing a blur. But while Cass enjoyed a nice pair of breasts or curvy ass as much as the next woman, she was more focused on all the small yellow armbands that clung tightly to many of the young girls in the club. The small yellow fabric shined in the dark room, clear signals they were ready to be taken by a futanari. 

The plethora of armbands in The Divide was no accident; Cass had been visiting the club for years with several of her futanari friends and had earned the establishment quite the reputation. Women from all over the city hoping to bear children did their best to entice the mystery futanari that roamed the club, while others looking just to hook up knew the dance floor was filled with vixens in heat. 

Cass always had a proud feeling when she lounged in her club, yes it was hers. Years ago it was just a generic club and bar in the city, with a few rumors here and there and it evolved into the place to be when the sun set if you were looking for romance. A waitress scurried over and replaced the drink Cass had left on a nearby table with a fresh glass. The owners and staff spoiled their queen, as they all knew the success was due entirely to her and her friends. 

This was actually a fairly common practice among futanari and was fairly easy to do. Many futanari referred to it as "making a nest". All one had to do was hook up with a few women in the same place for a while and rumors did the rest. Futanari just had to find a venue, whether it be a park, library, coffee shop, club or whatever and set up shop. A few swelling bellies later and their favorite hangout was suddenly filled with young pretties sporting yellow arm bands. 

Cass was exceptionally experienced in this regard as well. The Divide was not Cass' first nest, over the course of many years she had established nests in each city she lived. There was the one park in Little Rock, that café just outside Indianapolis and that used book shop in Ohio. 

Cass was particularly proud of the book shop. The owners were bewildered why their shop full of musty old books had gone from being pretty much an abandoned fixture of the town to being packed with young trendy twenty-somethings. And the changes seemed to begin when a polite brunette became a regular to the reading space in the back...

Sitting on her throne Cass gracefully flowed through her routine. Sipping fruity cocktails she chatted and joked with the friends that joined her on the lounge couches. Tonight there were three including Cass among the nobility that was futanari. Most at the club knew exactly who the three were and regarded the group almost with a respectful fear. 

Cass and her group had gathered such a reputation that the days of seeking partners was a thing of the past. Throughout the night young pretty things approached the group, either alone or escorted by past partners of the futanari in the group. One of the nobility would either politely decline or invite the young beauty to join them before slipping off into a more private area. Cass usually chose the ones that approached the group alone, reminded her of a virgin walking into the lion's den. 

But tonight Cass had her focus on something other than the jokes and drinks of her circle. Toying with the silky fabric of her long purple dress her eyes were drawn to the dance floor, where a brunette shook her hips and spun to the music. As she turned the skirt of her short white dress flared in a blossom. Cass caught glimpses of her face as she spun, bright eyes and a warm smile embracing a joyful laugh. She appeared to be so free, such a young thing so full of life and joy; the brightness of her being allured Cass demanding her focus. 

She had a face that could be described as real beauty. Sharp, Bright green eyes rested above a long thin nose that struck down her face towards a pair of lips. When the beauty laughed her small lips opened wide seemingly revealing all 32 pearly whites. Her chin closed in to a sharp angle to almost match the corners of her eyes. She was the kind of girl that if you saw in a magazine, she would look out of place for her differences, but her beauty was that uniqueness. It drove your gaze like a painting, with each viewing drawing more attention and longing towards the subject on the canvas. 

The beauty raised her arms in dance allowing Cass to catch a glimpse of the tight yellow band that hugged her upper arm. The small yellow piece of fabric was all the consent she needed; putting her drink on the table she rose and strode onto the dance floor, making a bee line for her new target. 

Cass was no newbie when it came to seducing women, she knew she had the looks to make others lower their guard and she had the power of her futanari touch to help her. With the experience of hundreds of encounters before her, she slipped through the dancing crowd with finesse until she was next to her desire. Up close the beauty was even more enticing, her eyes full of the light of youth and supple breasts that held tight to the neckline of her white dress. Her light skin seemed to shine in the dark club, the swaying of her body in dance like a candle flame. 

Cass rocked to the music, catching the young beauty's attention. Cass' confidence was unwavering; every detail worked in her favor. The erotic atmosphere of the club, her attractive appearance, and the crowded close quarters of the dance floor made it all too easy. Some close dancing here, a flash of the eyes there, and some brushes of skin turned the bright eyes of the young beauty into a pair of eyes that were full of arousal and soft lips that breathed heavy with lust. 

Cass closed the nearly non-existent distance between their bodies and embraced her prize in a kiss, which was returned with enthusiasm. Their bodies rocked to the music as their lips joined in their own erotic dance. Their hands explored the bodies of the two women, gripping curves, soft butts and heaving breasts. At one point the beauty ventured a hand to Cass' crotch, immediately feeling the stiffness of her arousal. Her eyes shot open as she broke the kiss, jerking her head back slightly when she realized what it meant. Cass locked eyes as a small ping of fear struck her chest, unsure if her prize would flee. A split second later lips were pressed against her again, a tongue frantically seeking the embrace of another. 

Louder than the roar of the music in the club, Cass could feel hear heart pounding in her chest while the two women's bodies grinded along each other. This adrenaline laced sensation was new for Cass, a feeling different from the previous hundred other encounters within her hunting grounds. There was something special about the woman currently in her mouth that pushed her pass just finding a mate for the night. Her essence seemed so full of life, so real and so fresh that made Cass feel so frantic and unlike her normal pristine self. 

Still tangled in one another, the pair staggered off the dance floor, lips locked together for the entire short journey. The pair stopped for a moment against a nearby wall still in embrace, sweet lips being tasted and hands exploring under the thin fabric of clothing. Cass felt her new partner squeeze her breasts with one hand while the other cupped her butt beneath her skirt. Cass wrapped a hand around her waist and slid the other under the young girl's skirt; she could feel the wetness of her aroused cunt through the tiny fabric of her lacy panties. 
