 May 24, 2013

Strictly Platonic M4W

Married Professional Looking for a Friend -- 38 -- Denver

Married professional looking for a friend. Looking for some adult conversation. Not looking for sex. Just someone to talk to. I'm 38, 5'9", stocky build. If you're interested, please reply. I look forward to hearing from you. 

-----------------------------------------------------

I hit submit. After I did, I wondered what would become of it. I still couldn't believe that I was at the point in my life, I was posting ads on Craigslist looking for someone to talk to. Just a few years before, I thought I was happy in life. I was married, had a young son, a good career. Then things started to change. My job took a turn for the worse. My wife retreated into a frigid shell that despite my best efforts, I couldn't break her out of. We rarely had a meaningful conversation, beyond what was for dinner. Intimacy was non-existent. I thought of leaving her multiple times, but I couldn't bring myself to it. I couldn't stand the thought of breaking up my son's life and I had too much to lose financially. Thin excuses I know, but that's what I thought.

I'd posted the ad on a Friday. It was Memorial Day weekend and I stayed busy with family things. I recieved a few replies during the day on Saturday, but they were the usual spam or one liners for the most part. Saturday night, I got an email that caught my eye.

'Hi. Some adult conversation would be nice. I'm 33, married also. I have three kids and I think my husband is the probably the biggest kid of them all. I'd love to have someone to talk to as well.

A'

It was well after midnight when I received the message, she must be a night owl as well, I thought. I quickly replied before bed. When I woke up the next morning, she'd replied and told me a bit more about herself. Her name was Andrea. She was a nurse and worked nights. I sent her an email back and she replied within a few minutes. We exchanged a few more emails that morning before she said she needed to go to bed, since she was working again that night.

We emailed as often as we could over the next few days. We finally exchanged pictures. She was very beautiful and had a great smile. There are some people in life that you can talk constantly with and never run out of things to say. I found that Andrea was one of those people for me. We exchanged phone numbers and started texting one another. I loved hearing from her every day.

The weekend after we met, a terrible series of thunderstorms and tornadoes came through our area and I didn't have power at my house for most of the following week. I kept having to charge my phone in my truck, so that I could stay in touch with her.

Given she worked nights, we had different schedules. I found myself texting her mostly during the mornings and at night, when she was working. We talked every single day. I noticed immediately that she was very resilient. She would often get off work from a 12-hour shift and then spend the next five or six hours, grocery shopping or running errands for her family. She'd then go to bed and try to get four or five hours of sleep before she had to be at work again. I asked her if her husband helped with any of this. She flatly responded no. I got out of her that he had some shitass little job that paid nothing and he had no drive to do anything more. Seeing the way, she worked for her family, made me start to dislike him a lot.

She confided in me that they didn't have a great relationship either. Her husband had come along in a rough spot in her life and gave her a little bit of the help she needed. As she had commented, he was fun when they were younger, but he'd never grown up.

She talked with me about their love life. He was very into the domination scene and she said that when they first met she had tried to satisfy him. He would often have her engaging in extreme bondage that often involved her being in pain. She eventually learned that he had no interest in her unless she was bound and gagged or hurting in some way. Finally, she had tired of this and told him no more. He'd scarcely touched her in four months prior to our meeting.

This didn't help the dislike I continued to develop for her husband. I wasn't naive. I knew I was only getting her side of things, but he would have to have some pretty impressive character traits to balance out what she was telling me. It made my own situation appear to be minor. At least my wife worked and tried to help me. She was just extremely inconsiderate and emotionally unavailable.

The following weekend I was up late watching TV. Andrea and I were texting, when she suggested we talk on the phone since she was at work. She was a supervisor and had her own office, so I quickly agreed. I found myself very eager to hear her voice. I had been thinking the last few days that things were moving forward a little quicker than either of us had anticipated.

I dialed her number and waited as it rang.

"Hello," she answered.

"Hi," I replied. "This is nice hearing you."

"Yeah, it is. Okay, just one thing, if anybody needs anything just hang on, I'll be right back, okay?"

"Okay, I understand. Duty first," I answered. She worked in labor and delivery in a high-risk hospital. She had already shared some pretty heart wrenching stories with me.

Just like with our texting, we had a great conversation on the phone. She did go out of her way to be honest with me and cover some other things that she hadn't previously mentioned. She had been married before and she'd also had a child by a man that she wasn't married to.

"I just thought you should know," she finished.

"Hey, that just tells me you're even stronger than I thought, Andrea," I replied.

"Well, thank you. I just wanted to tell you," she said. "It's like 3 in the morning, don't you need to go to bed?"

"I probably should. I'm enjoying talking to you though," I answered.

"Yeah me too. I should go check on my girls though," she replied.

"Yeah. I understand. I'll message you in the morning?"

"Yes, you should," she laughed.

"Goodnight."

"Yes, good night."

Andrea: Amazing! That is the only thing I could think when I got off the phone. Never would I have thought that Craigslist would bring me someone so kind and special. I had been ever so lonely prior to reading that ad looking for friendship and it brought me to him. He made me feel so comfortable. I felt like I could talk to him forever. Almost like we had known each other forever. He was so easy to talk to. I was definitely looking forward to seeing where this was headed, but I was positive that I had made a new friend and that made me so happy.

The next week, I was pretty busy with work, but I kept thinking a lot about Andrea. I was wondering where this was headed. I felt a real connection with her like I hadn't felt ever. I was thinking I wanted to meet her, if she wanted to. I was afraid of being too forward, because from the beginning we both had said we just needed a friend. I felt that I, at least was headed towards her being more than a friend.

She texted that Saturday night when she was out having a drink with friends.

'You should come meet me,' she typed.

'Oh, yeah?'

'Yeah,' she said. 'You could give me a ride home and keep me safe since I had a few drinks!'

My wife was already in bed, even though it was 8:30. I was thinking of an excuse to leave as I really wanted to go see her. I was always the good husband and never went out by myself, so I knew that it would be suspicious if I just got up and left. I was extremely tempted though.

'Maybe not tonight. Soon though??' I texted her.

'Oh ok :( yes soon. :)' She answered.

A couple days later we were texting and I suggested that maybe we meet up. I waited hesitantly for her reply. She was at work so it took a bit she replied.

'Sure, when,' she asked.

I suggested the next day.

'Why do you want to meet?' She typed back.

'I'm sorry, but I really want to kiss you. Is that okay?' I replied.

'Yes, it's fine, but how about day after tomorrow? I'm off work then.'

'Ok with me.' I replied.

Andrea: I was at work in my managers office for a meeting when my phone beeped. It was a text and he wanted to meet. I was nervous and wanted to know why he wanted to meet. I was so curious as to what he would say. He said he wants to kiss me!?! I immediately got butterflies and felt giddy. I was not expecting him to say that. This was all moving quicker than I expected but somehow, I was not worried about that. Now to try and get through today and tomorrow so I could meet him! I was so nervous and excited! 

The ironic thing was that, of all the women in the Denver metro area that could have replied, Andrea lived literally one block from my office. I had watched her drive by from my office window several times while I talked to her on her way home from work. The day we were going to meet, I suggested a park just south of her house. She quickly agreed.

I was there early waiting for her, because I didn't want her to be sitting there by herself. I had barely parked when I saw her pull in next to me. She got out of her car and opened the door to get in my truck. I looked at her pretty smile and her brilliant, hazel colored eyes. They seemed to sparkle. I leaned over towards her and our lips met. It was just a tentative little first kiss, but I loved it. It felt so right. We kissed again and she got in my truck.

"Hi," she said finally, smiling.

"Hi," I replied. "You mind going over to the lake?"

She just smiled and shook her head no. My right arm was resting on the center console of my truck, as I shifted into reverse. I watched as she wrapped her fingers in mine. I looked over at her and smiled. She returned the smile as we drove off. It was a warm sunny morning. When we stopped at a stop light, she leaned over and kissed me again with increased confidence.

I turned onto the lake drive and eventually found a private place to park. I flipped up the console and she scooted over on the seat towards me. I took her in my arms and we kissed passionately. The tentativeness was all gone and we kissed like old lovers. I pulled back from her and smiled. I had not had a woman kiss me like she did in a long time. Certainly not my wife.

"That's really nice," I said.

"Yeah. It is," she smiled, before resuming kissing me.

I marveled at the way we were kissing. There was just so much passion from someone I'd known such a short time. I could only imagine what she would be like in bed. We took breaks from our kissing and talked. She told me that she had fooled around a bit during her first marriage. I told her that I'd always been a faithful husband, but that I was tired of being alone in life. She nodded, sadly.

"I know," she said. "We're the bad ones, right?"

"Yeah, we are." I agreed. She kissed me again and I forgot all about any guilt I'd possibly felt. I gently caressed her breasts through her shirt as I kissed along her cheek. I lightly kissed the soft skin of her neck and she moaned softly.

"Oh, that's nice," she said.

"Mmmm," I agreed.

I felt like I was a teenager again making out in the truck. I was just so caught up in the moment with her. The way she breathed, her perfume. Everything.

I looked at her and she was smiling.

"What," I asked.

"Nothing. I'm just enjoying this," she said.

"I am too. I haven't felt like this in a really long time."

"Neither have I," she agreed.

We sat there together for another 30 minutes or so. Just kissing and touching. Finally, the local fisherman started showing up and invaded our privacy. I needed to get back to the office, too.

"Ok, if you have to," she responded.

"I'd love to stay here all day, but I think if you keep kissing me like that, we're both going to get in a lot of trouble."

"Is that so," she smiled.

"Yes, it is."

She held my hand on the drive back to her car. We didn't really say much, there were just a lot of smiles exchanged. I felt giddy. I hoped she was feeling the same way.

We kissed several more times before she got out of the truck.

"Bye," she said. "I better get home and get some sleep, I'm working tonight."

"Damn it. It's almost noon. I thought you were off today?"

"Nope. I picked up an extra shift. Hubs only brought home $250 last week," she said.

"Are you serious?" I couldn't believe what I was hearing.

"Yep, and he spent it all on things for himself," she replied.

"Damn honey," I said, shaking my head.

"Yeah, well. It's gotta be done," she said.

I just nodded.

"Text me when you get to office?"

"Sure thing."

"Bye now," she said. She squeezed my hand one last time before she closed the door. I watched her get in her car. She waved before she drove off. I sat there thinking for a moment about her. Thinking about what a great woman she was and his lazy ass was letting him support her. That was not an unusual situation, but it was happening to someone that I realized I was really starting to care about. I put my truck in gear and headed back to office.

Andrea: I drove home and just sat thinking. What had happened? I had not been looking for anything more than someone to talk to that maybe shared the same experience as me and could maybe help me through it. But this had happened. He was amazing, passionate and I could feel his heart was genuine and kind. I wasn't sure what our future would hold, but it was definitely looking much brighter. 

———————-

Over the next couple weeks, we met at the lake regularly, as much as our schedules allowed us. The kissing and petting got hotter and hotter. We couldn't keep our hands off one another. She constantly rubbed my cock through my pants and I rubbed her wet pussy. I found that her scrubs provided convenient access to her wet sex. I rubbed her clit to orgasm on several occasions. We were having a great time together.

My feelings for her continued to grow. One day we were talking on the phone and I just blurted it out.

"Andrea. I love you."

"What," she said.

"Baby. I love you."

There was a long pause. I was afraid I had fucked up.

"Are you still there," I asked.

"Yes. It's just a surprise. I figured you would tell me in person."

"Yeah I know. I should have, but I've just been really thinking about it this morning and I had to tell you. I didn't want you to not know what I feel for you any longer."

"Okay. I love you too, Bryan."

"Good," I replied.

"This is kind of scary. This wasn't supposed to happen."

"I know. It wasn't. But it has."

"Obviously," she replied.

"It's gonna be okay, babe."

"Yes. It will be."

The next day we met at the lake again after she got off work. We kissed and talked about how we felt. We both thought it was funny, that a month ago, we had been wanting someone to talk to. Now we were in love.

"This sort of got out of hand," she said. I smiled when she said that, because she was stroking my hard cock.

"Yes, it has."

She surprised me by leaning over and taking my cock in her mouth. I hadn't had my cock sucked in probably 10 years and never by anyone that actually knew what she was doing. I was in heaven. I ran my fingers through her hair and told her how good it felt. Unfortunately, there were people walking down the road towards us and I asked her stop. When she sat back up she kissed me passionately as she zipped my pants back up.

"That was great," I said.

"Good. I like that you played with my hair and told me how good I made you feel," she said. "I'm not used to that."

"You we're making me great. Almost too great."

"Just warn me before hand, ok?" She smiled.

"I will."

We drove to another spot and resumed kissing.

"We get pretty wild out here in public," I said. I was running two of my fingers up and down on either side of her hard little clit. I wanted nothing more than to get her naked and eat her wet pussy.

"Yes, we do. And if you keep touching me like that, it's going to get a lot more wild," she said.

"Maybe we should get a room," I offered.

"You sure about that," she asked, panting. I knew she was close to cumming.

"Yes. I am."

"We just need to be sure. We haven't really crossed that line yet."

"No, but it's going to happen eventually."

"Uh, just a little harder," she gasped. I increased my pressure on her and she thrashed in the truck seat. "Oh, fuck," she said.

"I love getting you off. I can't wait to lick your honey pot."

"My honey pot," she asked.

"Yes," I smiled. I pulled my hand out of her panties and licked my fingers clean. She just smiled and shook her head.

"Look, I'm fine with getting a room. I just want you to be sure."

"I am sure, babe."

"Okay. And we need to be careful. I had my tubes tied, but we still need to be careful."

"I understand."

"So when," she asked.

"How about next Wednesday. I'm going to be off that day because it's the day before the 4th of July."

"Yeah. I can meet you after work."

"Good. I can't fucking wait," I smiled.

"You can't, huh?" She laughed.

"No, I can't. I really want you."

"Good, I love that."

Andrea: He was getting us a room. This was really happening. I was so nervous. I am so self-conscious about my body and he was about to see me naked!! Oh my. What would he think? Would I be a good lover? Was he into anything strange? I had done the whole bondage nonsense with my husband and hated every minute of it. What if he wanted something I couldn't give him. Bryan was also so excited about oral sex and I hadn't had much of that in my life. What would that be like? So many thoughts were running through my head all at once. However, the one I focused on was how excited I was. This was something new and exciting and no matter how wrong I knew it was, I loved this man and I was ready to share this with him. 

That night I was sitting on my back porch sipping a beer thinking about Andrea. Everything had just happened so fast. She was the sweetest, most open woman I'd ever met.

I thought about how she had insisted that I be sure before we made love. I thought that was really special. That she was making sure I was doing something just because she wanted. I was sure. I loved her. I wanted her more than any woman in my life. I couldn't wait.

I found myself wondering if I would be a good lover. I hadn't been with another woman in 14 years, and my wife was always disinterested, even when we were still intimate. I hoped Andrea wouldn't be disappointed.

Wednesday morning came finally. I told my wife that I was going to the office and would see her after lunch. She mumbled something at me and turned back to her book. I drove to the hotel where I had gotten a room. I'd picked up the key the day before. Andrea texted me when she was leaving the hospital. I started getting anxious as I waited. I was probably as nervous as I was my first time.

Andrea: I was working the night before I was supposed meet Bryan at the hotel and I was nervous and excited the entire night thinking about what would happen. So many thoughts running through my head. I wondered if he would still find me attractive once I was naked. I'd had three babies after all, and I believed what I saw in the mirror, not reassurances. Would he lose some interest or just fake it until he could get away. So many worries. When it came time for shift change so I could leave, I couldn't give report fast enough! 

I was looking out the hotel window and saw her pull in. I could feel my heart beat quicken. I waited for her at the door and saw her walk up through the peephole. I opened the door and she stepped in my waiting arms.

Andrea: As I walked in, I was greeted with passionate kisses. I dropped my purse on the floor and held him. He pushed me back against the wall and began undressing me while continuing to kiss me. It felt so good when he pressed against me and our naked flesh merged together. I loved touching him and loved feeling his naked body up against mine. 
