 "I can't believe you're abandoning me!" Cat had run into me in the corridor between my office and the work canteen "Who's going to distract me now when I have loads of really important stuff to do?" she teased.

"I dunno about that, I'm sure plenty of people will be happy to come and annoy you when you're supposed to be working."

It was my last day at my old job before moving onto a new, bigger company; I would be leaving behind the high stress levels and late nights that I'd put up with for the last few years before finally deciding to throw in the towel and resign. Sadly I would also be leaving behind Cat; almost a full year had passed since the night I took her home but we'd become close friends in that time. We had been careful to never cross that line again and, even though we regularly stayed late together at work to flirt and chat about anything and everything, nothing more had ever happened.

I was in the process of wondering around the office trying to catch all the people I knew well enough to say goodbye to when Cat bumped into me. I had planned on leaving her until last so that I could take my time over it and sit with her for one last gossip session. Luckily for mw she seemed to have the same idea.

"Have you got a few minutes?" She asked.

"Of course, all the time in the world today. What do you need?"

"Not much, just a chat for old time's sake. Do you want to grab a drink first?"

"That sounds like a plan." We made our way to the office kitchen to grab a cup of coffee before taking up in one of the unoccupied offices off the main corridor. I held open the door for her so that she could walk through first.

"Why, thank you. What a gentleman!"

"Always. Really it just gives me the opportunity to get behind you."

She pretended to gasp in shock and responded with feigned disgust "How dare you Mr. Anderson? You can't say that!" 

"You're right, I'm so sorry. Can you ever forgive me?" I tried to force as much false contrition into my voice as possible and she grinned at me as she settled into one of the chairs to sip her coffee.

"I'll think about it."

When I'd taken a seat opposite her the conversation continued, joking and flirting with Cat taking the opportunity to vent her frustrations about work, until both of us had finished our drinks.

"I'm really going to miss this you know, miss you," I confessed. 

"I know. I mean, who wouldn't?" 

"Wow! On that arrogant note..." I stood up and got ready to head back out to finish doing my rounds and gathering my things together. She just laughed and joined me on her feet. 

She stepped in and placed a hand on my arm "You know I'm kidding, and you know I'm going to miss you too. It's been great knowing that there's always someone here who always has my back, no matter what. I'm not sure what I'll do without you."

I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her in for a hug, squeezing her tight. We stood there for a while, simply enjoying the embrace, before she pushed back slightly and placed her hands on my chest, she locked eyes with me but had a troubled look on her face. I brushed aside a lock of hair that had fallen over face "Everything ok?"

I'd barely managed to get the words when she dove in to kiss me. Our lips locked into one another for the first time nearly a year; with no alcohol to dull the senses I was struck by the full force of every sensation and emotion as our tongues slid over each other, acting out their own unique ballet in our mouths. 

I couldn't resist; I realised just how badly I wanted this, how badly I wanted her, and now that I had her in my arms, locked together in such a passionate kiss, there was no way I could have let her go even if I tried.

I raised my hands up to run my fingers through her thick brown hair as I pushed her back against the office door. Her hands were roving over my back, scratching through my shirt with her nails as my own traced their way down from her hair to her breasts, squeezing firmly I could feel the lace of her bra through the thin blouse hiding it from view. 

I ran my hands down over her waist and wrapped them around behind her, under her blouse, drawing her body in tight against mine so that I could feel her chest rise and fall with every deep, frantic breath. I used my fingers to explore every inch of skin on her back and waist; scratching, stroking, caressing and digging in my fingertips. I slid my fingers over the shallow dimples on her lower back and traced the lines of her abs before taking hold of the bottom of her blouse and lifting it up over her head. 

Finally we broke the kiss for a few seconds to catch our breath as I peeled her top off; In that split second, between the bitter-sweet taste of the coffee she had just drunk and the scent of her perfume filling my lungs, I thought I was getting high, overcome with a desperate need to give in and give myself to her.

I cast aside her blouse, letting it slip casually to the floor, while I took in the goddess before me, her breasts heaving with her excited breathing.

"Fuck, you're gorgeous!" I exclaimed, she barely had the chance to smile before I dove back in to continue our intoxicating kiss, one hand now frantically searching up her back for the clasp of her bra while the other worked its way down to squeeze and massage her butt cheeks.

Her own hands were now working their way down the front of my shirt, effortlessly popping open the buttons one by one. I won the race and released her bra clasp before she managed to get my shirt off, pulling it forward and down over her arms to let it flop to the floor on top of her blouse.

Her perfect, firm breasts with their proud little nipples were too inviting to resist and I dropped my head to kiss and lick and suck them. I felt more than heard the gasp as I drew one into my mouth and sucked hard on it before flicking it with the tip of my tongue. One of her hands snuck in under my shirt to push it off my shoulders and send it down to join hers on the floor as the other worked its way down to squeeze and massage my cock through my trousers. 

I pulled my hands around to the front of her jeans as I slowly kissed and licked my way down over her stomach, tracing the lines of her abs and kissing the piercing in her belly button. My fingertips were tracing around the top lining of her trousers, teasing her before working open the button and drawing down on the zip, pulling it apart to reveal the lace thong hidden beneath.

I slipped my fingers into the belt loops and pulled her jeans down over her slender hips, to pool around her ankles. With my face mere inches from her pussy my lungs were filled with the scent of her; I thought the smell of her perfume was intoxicating but this was on a whole new level.

Her fingers were buried in my hair as I glanced up at her and hooked my own fingers under her thong and gradually started to draw it down. Her eyes fluttered and rolled back, the anticipation overwhelming her as she tried to get her ragged breathing under control, her fingers flexing and unclenching repeatedly, utterly out of her control.

As her thong pulled away from her lips it stayed connected by a thin strand of clear liquid that stretched ever thinner as the gusset got further away until it broke off, leaving a drip hanging off that stuck to her thigh when she moved. Once her panties had made it down to her ankles I used my thumb to collect the stray drip, locking eyes with her as I stuck out my tongue and licked it off. 

It was a long time since I'd tasted her that one night but somehow the flavour had stayed with me and the slightly sweet, slightly salty tang still seemed so familiar. 

I devoured her; we didn't have the time for teasing and foreplay and judging by how wet she already was, and how intensely she was breathing, there wasn't any need for it today. I sunk my tongue as deep into her as it would go and dragged it up over her clit, pressing hard, repeating the motion over and over before flicking from side to side with just the tip. Closing my lips over her already solid clit I sucked it into my mouth and swirled the tip of my tongue over it in tight circles.

The harder I sucked and licked the harder it became to keep control over her body as her hips bucked and thrust; I had my hands wrapped around behind her, squeezing hard on her butt cheeks to try to keep her still so that I didn't lose contact with my tongue. 

She dug the fingers of her left hand deep into my hair, pressing hard on the back of my head to hold my face tight up against her pussy while her other hand clamped down over her mouth to keep her whimpering breaths from turning into moans or screams. The sounds of people still milling about the office and occasionally walking up and down the corridor, right on the other side of the door, were a clear reminder of how much of a risk we were taking; something that excited us both even more.

Her eyes were squeezed tightly shut and I could feel her legs giving way as her knees tried to clamp in together but were held firmly apart by me crouching between them. Her thighs shook as I worked harder and faster with my tongue, praying for her to cum soon to alleviate some of the pain growing in my jaw from the constant work.

My prayers were answered after only a few more seconds. Her entire body convulsed and quivered as she let out a barely stifled squeak that, had it not been for her hand clamped tightly over her mouth, would have been a full blown howl. I felt the muscles in her pussy spasm and contract, forcing out a small jet of creamy fluid that trickled down my chin and dripped onto the carpet. 

Her body continued to convulse as I continued to lick furiously until she couldn't take any more and she dragged back on my hair to pull my tongue away from her clit that was now too sensitive to touch. I sat back on my heels and simply looked up to admire the view as she tried to regain her composure, her whole body still twitching. I focussed on the view of her perfect pussy, flushed pink and glowing as the mixture of her juices and my saliva shone in the light.

When her eyes finally fluttered open again her hands massaged their way down her stomach and thighs as she leaned down to pull her jeans and thong off over her shoes. She straightened back up with a look of deep satisfaction shining out from her striking blue-green eyes. That look quickly gave way to one of fiery, animal passion as she leaned down and dragged me back up to her, ignoring the taste of herself on my lips she drew me in for another deep, ferocious kiss.

Her hands flew down and frantically worked away at my belt buckle and the buttons of my trousers. When she had them all free her hand shot into my boxers to squeeze and massage my cock. I couldn't contain myself and let out a deep moan. 

"Fuck me!" It came as a desperate whisper, right in my ear, half begging half ordering.

She crouched down to pull my trousers and boxers down and over my shoes so that I could move freely, both of us now completely naked and vulnerable in the office with our colleagues wondering around just outside the door. The excitement was giving me an adrenaline rush well beyond anything I'd ever experienced before. I dragged her back up to her feet and spun us both around so that I could push her back onto the desk in the middle of the room. She sat on the edge and wrapped her legs around my waist, locking her ankles together behind my back, while I used my hand to position the tip of my cock just on the edge of the entrance to her soaking wet pussy.

As I pushed steadily forwards with my hips the tightness of her muscles wasn't enough to outweigh the wetness and I slid in with minimal resistance. She gasped and her eyes fluttered as I drove as deep as I physically could, until I could feel my balls pressing up against her butt cheeks. I pulled slowly back again, until only the tip of my cock was still inside her, before thrusting back in, over and over, getting quicker every time.

Her hips were bucking forwards to meet mine and she was using her legs to add power to my thrusts from behind. Her hands were around my back, her nails digging in deep, and her eyes were screwed tight shut as she gasped and squeaked every time my cock plunged forward into her. 

I could feel my own orgasm starting to build, an overwhelming sensation forming at the base of cock and spreading out and down my legs, making it hard to keep a steady rhythm. I dug my fingers into her hair and pulled her body in tight against mine as the orgasm grew out of control, pulsing out along every nerve ending in my body. I could feel my own cum explode out of me and deep into her, a final sense of elation flooding my body and mind as we both clung to each other, gasping for air.

I have no idea how long we stayed like that, locked together in a tight embrace, still with me inside her, as our heart rates slowly returned to a safe pace and our breathing slowed down enough to speak. We pulled apart, just enough to share one final deep kiss, before she opened her legs to allow me to step backwards and slide carefully out of her, a white trickle of our mingled cum flowed out of her and dripped down onto the floor.

I picked my boxers up off the floor and used them to clean myself off while she stood up; another drop of cum flowed out and started to run down the inside of her thigh, making her giggle. I used the boxers in my hands to wipe it off, making sure to rub softly over the whole of her pussy on the way past, flashing her a cheeky grin as she twitched from the contact with her clit.

"I don't think we have time for any more."

"Pity. But you're probably right." I picked up her underwear, handing her bra up to her while I encouraged her to step into her thong so that I could pull it up over her hips for her, giving her pussy one last kiss before it disappeared from view. I passed her over the rest of her clothes and pulled on my own trousers, stuffing the cum soaked boxers into my pocket.

When we were both fully dressed and looked almost presentable she opened the door and poked her head out to check if the coast was clear. I stood behind her, waiting for the all-clear, and placed my hand on her bum, making her jump slightly at the unexpected contact.

"Oi! You've had enough of that! It's clear, let's go."

"Like I'll ever have enough! Go on then, lead the way." She stepped out into the corridor and sure enough, luckily, there was no one to be seen. She winked at me and disappeared down the corridor in the direction of her office. I took the time to appreciate the view of her toned butt in her skin-tight jeans before turning away to go back to my desk and gather the last of my things and say a final farewell to everybody before walking out of the door for the last time.