 Alex and Jackie had been busy for a couple of weeks, separately and with no contact with each other. It was simply that their lives had moved and they were busy doing what life demands, Alex in his small business, Jackie in her high power corporate office job that had some serious responsibility.

Alex had spent a lot of time thinking about Jackie and, if he was really honest, he had begun to miss her a little, so he shot off an IM to her one morning as he sat down at his computer to start his day. He simply asked her how she was doing, not expecting to get a reply soon but hoping that sometime during the day she would respond and they could talk again.

The reply was almost instantaneous, and she replied, 'I was just thinking to ask and find out if you wouldn't mind giving me some TLC later.'

'Well, now that would certainly be arranged, I will see if I can get rid of my appointment.'

'What appointment?'

'Simple scheduled Skype meeting. I can schedule it for earlier. Not a problem.'

'Oh fantastic, then come over around 7 again.'

'Great, see you later then.'

And so it was arranged. Alex made the adjustment to the meeting, held it earlier, around 12, then began to prepare for the evening by shaving, showering and getting all the necessary primping done by 6:30 and making sure he had enough time to be at Jackie's on time. He drove over to her complex at record breaking speed, and, after the formalities, again parked next to Jackie's car.

He knocked on the door, and it was soon opened by Jackie, again holding the Yorkie, who was a bundle of energy and excitement at seeing him again. Jackie threw her free arm around Alex and kissed him long and hard, then put the dog down, and embraced him again, kissing passionately for a long time. She hooked one leg up behind his knee and pulled herself onto his thigh and rubbed her pussy showing Alex her desperate need... "So, did you come to fuck me, baby?"

"You KNOW I did, babe." Was his reply, as he sank into another breathtaking kiss.

His arms wrapped around her holding her close, feeling her back and one hand squeezed one buttock, pulling her even closer. She slid her hands up around the back of his neck and over his head, pulling him to her and kissing him long and hard.

Alex sucked on Jackie's lips and ran his tongue over them, feeling the texture and savouring her taste. He inhaled and smelt her beautiful aroma, the soft smell of her hot skin made him harder. She slipped her hand in between them, and began to unbuckle the belt then unbutton his jeans, and they dropped to the wooden floor with a thud.

Alex kicked off his slip-on shoes, and then stepped out of his trousers. He had no boxer shorts on again, and his very erect cock stood out for Jackie to hold and caress, her small hands loving the silky touch of his skin of his cock.

She kissed him briefly again, then sank onto her knees and sucked his cock into her mouth. Her hands running up and down the shaft as she sucked more and more of him into her mouth. Ash Jackie did this Alex unbuttoned his shirt, never taking his eyes off her.

His shirt soon joined his jeans on the floor, and Alex leaned forward a little and began to pull on the ties that kept Jackie's dress on her. The material was soft and almost silky and it slid off her easily, also joining Alex's clothes on the floor. Jackie, too, was now naked and Alex gazed with appreciation at her beautiful breasts, he took them in his hands and squeezed them gently, then harder as Jackie moaned with delight around his cock.

He didn't want to cum so soon, so he lifted Jackie up to her feet again, kissing her and tasting a little of himself on her lips. He stepped forward and turned her around as he did so, and pushed her against the passage wall, forcing her breasts against the cold concrete. He slid his cock between her asscheeks and ran it through her pussy lips, getting it very wet in the wetness of Jackie's excitement.

Jackie was giving her now familiar little mewling of pleasure as he did this, and she reached around behind her and grabbed his ass, pulling him into her. Her other hand was teasing her nipple on one breast, as best she could with it being flattened against the wall.

Alex kissed the back of her neck, and she craned her head around so that they could half kiss and the fire of both their passion blew hotter as a result. Alex slipped a hand around her and fondled her breast as best her could as he slid his now very hard cock between her legs again, seeking that wetness he knew was there. He had felt it there earlier. He was not disappointed, and he slid half inside her pussy easily because she was now so very wet from the excitement of the kissing and being mashed against the wall.

Alex pummelling her and the wall resisting her drove Jackie wild and she shoved herself back against the driving hips of Alex making a gap in front of her hips that she slid her one hand into, and finding her clit, she began to masturbate herself. 

"Oh god, this is so fucking good, baby!" she moaned. "Now, I want you to really fuck me so hard..."

"Just here?" Alex asked

"No, take me to the bedroom now..."

They virtually raced to the bedroom, and as they were now fully naked, there was no hesitation or delays, they flew onto the bed and Jackie threw her legs in the air, inviting Alex to spear her pussy hard and fast. Alex supported himself over her, entering her soaking wet pussy, then beginning to push deep inside her, thrusting himself into her with gusto. Jackie lifted her legs and put her ankles on Alex's shoulders as he thrust himself in and out of her.

Jackie grabbed her breasts in each hand and squeezed herself, then took each nipple in her fingers and pinched them hard, again and again. Her pussy began to spasm, and grab onto Alex's cock as best as she knew how, as her entire body began to tingle and she erupted with a huge shout.

"OH, FUCK YES!! OH GOD, I AM CUMMING SO HARD, BABY!! OH, YEAH, OH YEAH."

Alex, too, was now so turned on by her words that he too began to erupt inside her, shooting his hot load into her pussy and making her grab onto him, slipping her legs off his shoulders, turning them around his waist and grabbing him with both arms and pulling him to her.

He fell off to one side pulling her with him and staying in the embrace, loving every moment of the glow their joint orgasm brought. He was still inside her, she did not want to lose the connection. He was now on his back and she straddled his body, kissing him on his head, neck and mouth gently.

"You know, if we weren't FWB, I could just love you... No, sorry, I should not have said that." Alex said

"I know, that is just what I was thinking." Jackie mused.

The drifted off into a soft slumber like that, both thinking, smelling each other, holding tightly to the other. After a short time, they slipped into a side by side cuddling position, as Alex had slipped out of Jackie, having gone soft in the interim, him holding her close so that she could hear his heart beating in his chest.

"If the truth be told, I really do love our time together." Alex said as he finally drifted back into a semi awake state. "You make me so happy."

"I love you, baby." Jackie whispered.

"Hey, if that is what our sex life is going to be like, then I want more, for sure!"

"Don't get ahead of yourself, just yet, Pokemon."

"I now, I was just saying..."

"Good. We have agreed. Friends with Benefits. No strings attached. Besides, I am dating someone else, or have I not told you? I can never be 'with' you like that."

Alex was fine with the way things were, he had no problems with the arrangement. So he rolled over and kissed her full on the mouth, and said "Good morning, Mrs. Robinson"

"Who's Mrs. Robinson?"

"A movie character I once saw, back when I was in high school. She taught this guy a lot about sex... she was a little like you, I think. You have taught me a hell of a lot about sex that I had only ever read about... and I like our times together, is all."

Jackie smiled in the dim light and hugged his neck hard, then kissed him back. "Why, thank you, sir."

"Come with me," she said, "I have another 'lesson' for you..."

She got out of bed and pulled Alex out with her, heading for the en suite bathroom. She quickly lit a few candles that were permanently in the bathroom, and then led Alex to the shower cubicle. She opened the cavernous, glass-walled cubicle and turned on the water, adjusting the temperature till it was perfect.

Stepping into the stream of warm water, she pulled Alex close and kissed him on the mouth and he kissed her in return. They kissed and sucked on each other like this for a few minutes, then Jackie turned him to stand in the water and sank down on her knees taking his cock in her hands and beginning to suck on it, licking and teasing the head with her tongue.

She rolled her tongue around his cock and sucked it fully into her mouth, pulling his entire 8½ inches into her mouth and throat, she gagged a little but recovered and continued to suck on his huge cock. He watched her every move with fascination. He held her hair gently, pulling and guiding her onto his member.

She looked up into his eyes, and smiled around his cock at him. He smiled back at her, and he just could simply not cum for her he was so spent from the effort of earlier, so he pulled her up and kissed her on the mouth, deeply, the warm water bathing them both in a hot glow and haze of spray.

An hour later, back in bed and wrapped in the feather duvet, Alex checked his watch for the first time, and it was almost 5 am.

"Good God! Where has the time gone? I must get moving." He said.

Jackie hugged him close, "Not just yet... I want you like this, for a bit longer."

"OK, just another half hour." Alex conceded.

The half an hour came, and the half an hour went. They still lay in the cocoon of feather duvet they were enjoying, living, in their separate minds at least, the perfect life.

And then Alex moved and got out of bed, wandering through the house finding his clothes and dressing as he went. He walked back to the bedroom, Jackie peeped out from the duvet at him, he leaned over her and kissed the naked breast she presented to him, and the nipple got hard from his beard tickling it.

"I have to go, baby." He said.

"I know," Jackie said as she emerged from the duvet, pulling her dressing gown on and hugging him with it still open in front. He slipped his hand between her legs, finding her really wet pussy again. 

"You were playing with yourself, weren't you?" He exclaimed, playfully.

"Sorry, yes, I was. Can't help it when I think of your big cock..." she said, mischievously.

Together, slowly, kissing as they went, they edged their way down the passage to the dining room and the front door. 

At the end of the passage, Alex again turned Jackie around, bent her over the table and fondled her from behind, slipping first one, then two and later three fingers inside her now dripping pussy. Jackie pushed back on his hand and moaned deeply, mewling and making her special, soft pleasure noises as she did. Alex's other hand slipped under her gown in front and tweaked her nipples and fondled both her breasts, adding to her pleasure.

He was getting hard again, and she helped the oncoming erection by slipping her hand back and gently fondling and caressing it so that it got really hard and he could begin to put it inside her again. Good god, she loved having his big cock inside her now. At first it had been a dalliance, but now she so loved fucking him, and sucking him that she had even begun to miss him a little when she was at work.

"One more time, baby, one more time, please." she begged.

Alex pumped his now hard cock in and out of her from behind as he pushed her down on the table, it moved and groaned as it slid around on the tiled flooring, her gasps of pleasure and the groaning of the table legs intermingling.

Jackie was so enjoying this. 'This is much better than a morning frigging of myself with my machinery or my fingers.' She thought.

Alex grabbed her hips and forcefully began to thrust himself into her. He could feel himself slipping easily into her pussy and he looked down at her ass and watched his big cock disappearing into her and then coming out again, her lips hugging his cock and trying to hold him inside her desperately.

Jackie wanted this to go on. But she wanted some more control, so she pushed Alex back and out of her, and turned around, getting up onto the countertop between the dining area and the kitchen and spread her legs wide, then pulled Alex back to her, kissing him hard. He repositioned his cock at her pussy again and gently this time pushed his cock onside and then began to develop a more rhythmic pace of fucking Jackie, she put one hand behind his neck, the other she pushed out behind her and rested a little on it.

Alex now bent his head down and sucked on her big tits as best he could without totally dislocating his back and her nipples stood out proudly and the cold air on them after he had wet them caused them to tingle. 

"Oh, baby, fuck me, fuck me hard..." Jackie begged Alex. "Fuck me like you mean it!"

"Oh yes, yes, I want to fuck you so hard it hurts, and then I am going to make you cum so hard the floor will be soaked." Alex said.

The talk had got them both so excited that they both began to feel the impending eruption of their orgasms and they lunged at each other like mating race horses, and soon they both were moaning as they began to cum together. 

Alex pulled out of Jackie and dropped to his knees, his head now at the same height as her hips, and he pushed his face into her pussy and sucked her pussy lips into his mouth, gently nibbling on them, making her twitch with pleasure. 

"Hey!" She exclaimed, "Not fair! You have a huge advantage in this position. I can't get to suck you like that!"

"I know, but when we take a shower you do get to do it, and it is so nice, I wanted to share it with you now." Alex responded.

"Awww, Baby! That's so sweet of you. You're always thinking of me like that..."

Alex stood up again and they embraced, holding each other, Alex naked, his clothes strewn on the floor around the dining table, and Jackie still half dressed in her dressing gown, perched on the countertop.

"You do realise that when we came through here I was on my way home, and here I am naked again...?"

"Yes, but that's the way I like to see you, baby. That enormous cock of yours is so tempting and tasty I just have to have it in me somewhere, at all times..." Jackie smiled as she said it.

"You are an amazing girl, you know that. I have been able to be so completely transparent and open with you about stuff that I have never been able to share with anyone. Fantasies, desires, dreams and experiences that I have had to hold inside, because convention and tradition held me bound."

He hugged her tightly and kissed her eyes in turn, then kissed her mouth and squeezed her again.

"I HAVE to go now, baby." 

"I know, and I have to get ready for work... But we will see each other again soon, and that is a promise..." Jackie let him out and he blinked a few times in the bright morning sunlight. Alex reached back inside the doorway and kissed her once more before she closed the gate and he walked to his car, both were smiling with very contented looks.