 Kevin had just finished cleaning his apartment and was getting ready for the shower when the doorbell rang. He silently swore to himself that if this was yet another visit from Jehovah's Witness, the third that week, he would drag them into the apartment, tie them up and then force them to sit and watch him and his friends getting shitfaced. While they all cursed like sailors. A whole fucking lot. 

He looked around for his t-shirt, but it had already been dumped into the dirty laundry hamper. 'To hell with it,' he thought, 'Jehovah's Witness has to take a shirtless rejection.' Kevin spent a lot of time in the gym, and he knew that he had nothing to be ashamed of...a six pack and a good set of pecks. Hey - he might even get one of the dry old church ladies a little excited, right?

Kevin opened the door and was taken aback when he found Brooke standing there. Brooke had been a good friend of his for many years. He was going out with her and a group of their friends later that night, but she was almost an hour early. 

"Hey" she said with a big smile. "Looks like you were expecting me." He had always had a very easy relationship with Brooke. They were constantly bantering and at times the banter turned into innocent flirting. Usually after some alcohol had been consumed.

"Not unless you came here for a shower." Kevin retorted. 

"You scrub my back if I scrub yours?"

"Something along those lines. You have a dirty back?"

"It might be. Dave wanted to do me on the kitchen floor yesterday." Dave was Brooke's fiancé, and a friend of Kevin's. 

"Speaking of Dave, where is he? Still cleaning the kitchen floor?"

"He'll be a little late. He's coming straight from work. I was getting bored at home, so I thought I'd stop by early to entertain you." The flirting was getting a little heavier than normal given that no booze was being consumed, and Kevin was feeling slightly uncomfortable. It wasn't just that Brooke was engaged; Kevin had a girlfriend as well, and although no vows were about to be exchanged between the two of them, he still drew a line is the sand when it came to other women: See but don't touch. Flirt, but don't pick up. 

"How about you do my laundry while I shower?"

"Epic fail, Buster. I don't do any man's bidding. Or his domestic chores for that matter. How about if you fetch me a beer and I'll wait for you right here." Kevin went to the kitchen and poured her a Ballast Point IPA. As he handed it over, Brooke added: "And be quick, or I may be drunk and indecent when you return." 

Kevin smiled as he headed to the shower. In another life, Brooke and he would have been a couple ... he was convinced of that. They just had that chemistry that you can't fake or learn - either you have it or you don't. And they definitely had it, from the first time they met. He got undressed and quickly went into the shower. His girlfriend was out of town, and he had not had sex for a while. As he felt the hot water cascading over him, he thought of Brooke sitting in his couch, her smile, her body, with the curves in all the right places. Her ass. Yes, her fantastic ass, that she loved to show to everyone clad in tight, form-fitting spandex. 

Kevin looked down and he realized he was holding on to his cock, a hard-on well underway. He was above average both in length and girth, and he wondered what Brooke would think about it. In his mind he started to undress her, layer by layer, until she was standing in front of him wearing only her panties. Her perky breasts looked at him, and urged him to come over and take a nibble. But instead Brooke turned around and slowly slid the panties down, exposing the most fantastic ass he had ever seen ... round and shapely, yet tight. He realized he was stroking himself and close to climaxing. He considered finishing himself off in the shower, but decided against it. His girlfriend would be home soon, and she could take care of it for him. 

He toweled off and got dressed, and went to the kitchen for a beer. When he came back to the living room he found Brooke on the floor in front of the stereo, bent over going through his collection of CDs. He just stood there and looked for a while, feeling as aroused as he had been in the shower moments before. 

"Are you checking me out?" He was startled out of his reverie. Brooke was looking at him with an amused look on her face.

"What if I were? You're in my apartment, drinking my beer and stealing my CDs. Caveat emptor - buyer beware."

"And did you like what you saw?"

"Meh. I've seen better."

"Really? Then why were you touching yourself?" Kevin could feel himself blushing.

"Yea right I was." She walked up to him and put a hand on the bulge in his jeans.

"Right. I can help you take care of this." Kevin felt an intense mix of desire and shame.

"No we should not be going there."

"Why not? You want it Kevin. Tell me, are you ever thinking of me when you masturbate?" Kevin looked at her in silence, still not knowing what to do. "Perhaps even just now when you showered?" Kevin tried to break free, but she grabbed a hold of his shirt.

"Now Kevin, don't think, just listen. We're both consenting adults. You want it. I want it." For each sentence she spoke she unbuttoned one button in his shirt. Kevin just stood there, finally letting it happen. 

"Take your shirt off for me. I liked your shirtless look." Kevin did as he was told.

"Good ... now your pants. I want you to undress for me." Kevin bent down to take his pants off. He felt strangely excited taking his clothes off in the middle of the living room. When he stood up, he felt a huge boner in his underwear.

"But what about the others. They will be here any minute."

"Don't worry, I promise you'll be quick." Brooke got down on her knees and pulled down his underwear. "Oh my" she let out, as the full size of his manhood became apparent to her. She started to stroke him slowly, inspecting his cock as she worked him with her hand. She then started to lick his shaft and a little around the head, before trying to take him in. "Oh my" she said again, before starting to work him with her mouth. 

She couldn't get him full in, but to Kevin she did a pretty good job. An incredibly good job ... Kevin could not remember when he last got such good head. She expertly worked him with her mouth and hand, and after a minute he grabbed her hair and pulled her off.

"I'm going to cum if you keep that up. God, you know how to give a blowjob."

"No Kevin, you're not going to cum until I tell you." She started blowing him again, her free hand cupping his balls. 

"Brooke ... fuck it, I'm gonna..."

"Kevin!" He felt her hands squeeze harder around the base of his cock and his balls. "You cum when I tell you. Not before." She relaxed her grip and continued to suck on him. Kevin held on for dear life, trying every trick in the book...thinking about work, or the baseball scores, or even his grandmother's funeral. Nothing seemed to mitigate the sensation of Brooke's assault on his cock. 

"Fuck Brooke, when?" She just continued to suck on him, going a little deeper each time as she adjusted to his size. 

Kevin heard something outside the door, and a few seconds later the doorbell rang. 

"Now Kevin. Now I want you to cum." Her hand was working him at a frenetic pace, and she smiled and looked into his eyes. "Cum for me Kevin." She opened her mouth and took him in as far as he could go. Her head bobbed up and down a few times, and then Kevin felt the pressure of the oncoming orgasm. He grabbed her hair as the first wave of cum shot out of him...then a second, fourth and fifth. He usually came a lot, and after a week of abstinence followed by Brooke's seduction, he was fully loaded. She tried hard, but because of his size and the amount of cum she could not swallow it all, and a lot of cum dripped down her cheek as she finished him. To Kevin, that was the sexiest thing he'd ever seen.

Brooke got up and headed for the bathroom, as Kevin was left standing fully nude in the living room. "Get the door will you" she yelled. "Don't let our guests wait."