 All I wanted to do was go camping before it got too hot. What started off as a group of four close friends turned into the addition of a girlfriend, a hook-up, two dogs, and a friend of a friend. The girlfriend was Cameron's, and she was alright, at least so far. The hook-up was a complete disaster, who had no idea what camping entailed and complained the entire time. Paul would be getting shit for bringing her for a long time. The dogs were June's, as was the friend. What surprised us all was that he was male since June was the lesbian of all lesbians.

Hook-up had finally forfeited her right to complain around the second day, and once that happened the week long trip became much more enjoyable. It was April, and the weather was absolutely perfect. Warm during the day and cool at night, and the forecast had called for clear skies all week. Nothing was planned, so every day was a new adventure, be it hiking, swimming, hanging out, or all of the above.

I woke up with the want to do absolutely nothing except exist. I was up before everyone else, so I started up some breakfast and everyone was up by the time all the food was done. We sat around and decided what to do for the day. We had been doing everything together at this point, but today everyone decided to branch off. Cameron and Julia were going to drive to the nearby town and rent a canoe and go down the river. June was meeting up with some friends from college and was going to be on the lake all day with them. Paul and Hook-up were going to hike back up to the waterfall we went to the day before last. To fuck, no doubt; that's all they did, and I knew this because our tent was next to theirs.

Well, my tent, but Joel was sharing it with me since June didn't tell him about Dezi's horrific gas. We woke that first morning to Joel curled up next to the dead fire, so I instantly invited the poor guy to share my tent. And all in all it was going very well, except for the fact that to my left I had to listen to people fucking every night, and to my right I had a good looking guy that always slept with his shirt off and sleeping bag open.

And man, he was getting even more good looking every day. The more stubble that grew on his face the more I found it harder to look at him without drooling. His eyes were damn intense, especially if the treeline was behind him, making the green in them almost glow. Me being me, I had told him how beautiful his eyes were, so now he wagged his eyebrows at me every time our eyes met. Which in turn forced me to act like I was sticking my finger down my throat and gagging, much to his delight.

I was in the process of doing this when I realized everyone was looking at me. Someone had asked what my plan for the day was. "Oh!" I giggled. "I have no idea, yet." Everyone just shrugged it off. I kind of always just went with the flow of things, so it wasn't unusual for me to have no idea what I was doing. Everyone finished up eating, tidied up, and started making their way. I started to make my way to my tent when the horizon caught my eye. Looked like storm clouds in the distance.

"Looks like storm clouds in the distance," Joel said from behind me. I chuckled a little and then nodded. I turned my head in his direction and there he was, looking damn edible with the morning sun bringing out little red hairs in his growing beard. Dear lord, I needed to get away from this man. I took the last couple steps towards the tent, reached in, and pulled my pack out.

"See ya!" I called over my shoulder as I passed him, intent on creating as much distance as possible between he and I before having to share the tent with him that evening. I got maybe ten feet away from the campsite before Joel trotted up next to me.

"What's the plan, Roomie?" he said as he caught up to me.

Oh, I don't know...maybe a day NOT filled with sexual frustration? "Creek?" I suggested, raising an eyebrow at him. He smiled and nodded, and we started to make our way, my brain coming up with all kinds of curses along the way.

The next couple of hours were wonderful and horrible. Wonderful because the creek was picturesque. Large rocks perfect for sitting were all along the creek, with smaller ones littered across, perfect for hopping across. The day was warmish, and the cool water perfect on our feet. Horrible because Joel would grab my hand every time I lost my balance which was often. His hands rested lightly on my hips as he scooted past me between two large boulders we were making our way past.

We could tell the clouds had started to come in when the woods around the creek started to get dark despite it being only noon. "We should head back," Joel said, standing up on the rock we were lounging on, holding out his hand to help me up. I sighed inwardly as I took his hand, the feel of his skin making me all tingly. I let go of his hand quickly and turned, instantly losing my balance in my haste. "Whoa!" he exclaimed as he grabbed my arm to hold me upright while chuckling.

We made our way back to camp, looking back from time to time to see how close the storm was behind us. The wind had started to pick up and we quickened our pace. A few big and fat raindrops started to fall as the thunder rolled in. We got back to camp as it started to come down, rushing to put the covers on everyone's tents since all of them had the net top to allow airflow. By the time we got them all covered we were drenched, running back to our tent for what little cover it offered.

We both stripped with our backs turned to one another politely, and in silence. When I reached for a dry shirt I snuck s peak, and was rewarded with a pale thigh and butt cheek. I was still smiling when Joel spoke.

"I heard you last night," he said quietly as a loud boom of thunder shook the ground. I answered quickly, not letting on to what I knew he was talking about.

"Was I snoring?" I answered with a question as I pulled my t-shirt over my head. He didn't say anything back, and I turned while drying my hair to find him shirtless with only a pair of boxers on, staring at me. I felt my face turn red and turned away, the rain pounding on the cloth of the tent in front of me.

Hearing Paul and Hook-up last night sent me over. We had all spent the day swimming at the lake, and the constant contact of Joel's skin while we were all horsing around had me all kinds of pent up. I had waited until I heard Joel's breathing steady and assumed he was asleep as I slid my hands over my panties, putting pressure on my folds as I looked over to make sure Joel was still asleep. I pushed the sleeping bag off of me and pulled my shirt up to feel the cool night air on my skin as I pinched a nipple, watching Joel's chest move up and down as he breathed, imagining how the hairs on it would feel brushing against my chest.

My hand moved under my panties and I let out a light sigh as my slid between my folds easily, so slippery with my frustration. I pushed two fingers inside of me, opening my mouth wide with the want to moan. I opened my eyes to glance at Joel when I moved my fingers inside of me, the sounds of my wetness sounding loud against the silence of the night. His breathing remained steady as I pleasured myself, my other hand moving to my breasts, my head turning to bite my pillow as I came quickly and hard.

"I've been told I snore quite loud," I mumbled, knowing just how stupid I sounded. I heard him shift behind me.

"I saw you," he said simply.

I shrugged. "Supposedly I'm cute when I sleep. Or so I've been told." I began to fidget with the zipper of my sleeping bag, refusing to turn and face him, even though I could feel him moving closer. The storm was right over us, flashes of lightning lighting up the tent around us. The thunder was rolling steady and the temperature had dropped just enough that I was slightly cold. When he next spoke he was directly behind me.

"I could smell you," he said, roughly.

I turned my head slowly to face him, his eyes intent on mine. "Well. Did I smell good?" I asked, and then his lips were on mine. He growled into my mouth as I moaned into his, my body turning to face his as he leaned forward so that I lay down underneath him. He sat up quickly and pulled off my shorts and underwear before hovering back over me to attack my mouth again.

He started to kiss his way down the front of me, taking my breasts into his hands as he covered my nipple with his mouth. He sucked and nibbled, causing my back to arch towards him, a strangled moan mixing with the thunder. He released one nipple to cover the other, and then started to kiss his way down my belly.

"They'll all be back soon," I said in warning, and he glared up at me with a look that said he would slay them all if they dared. He scooted himself down between my legs and wrapped his arms aroumd my thighs, his hands resting on my hips as he looked down at my opening. I heard him inhale deeply, and then exhale with a sigh. He looked up at me as he lowered his head down. The first lick was long and slow, from opening to clit, and I shook against him for the duration of it, his fingers tight on my hips to hold me steady.

The shaking continued as he sucked my clit into his mouth, causing me to cry out in perfect timing with a loud crash of thunder. He licked and sucked as my hips thrust up against his face, his eyes never leaving mine as I thrashed against him. It didn't take long before I felt the old familiar build that promised release, and I brought both of my hands to his head, pulling him even closer to me as I exploded.

I fell back gasping for breath as he moved back on top of me, his lips on my collar bones, then up to my neck, before he took my face into his hands and turned it towards his. He placed his mouth right above my lips.

"Can you smell you?" he asked. I opened my eyes and looked down at his mouth, still glistening from his assault on me. I looked him in the eyes before sicking out my tongue and licking across his lips. I moaned as I parted them with my tongue, moving it around and tasting myself in every crevice of his mouth.

He groaned against me, and reached down between us to place himself at my opening. I started to lift my hips against him, the head of his cock just starting to ease inside when we heard squeals and laughter. We broke the kiss and looked at each other, my face sad while his angry. His eyes turned determined as he cover my mouth with his hand and quickly shoved his entire length into me.

I screamed into his hand, my eyes wide as he did it again, my body crying out for more. I dug my nails into his back as he fucked me hard and fast, his hand moving from over my mouth to grab a fistful of my hair. I sank my teeth into his shoulder as I came again, my legs wrapping around him and squeezing.

He eased himself out of me and kneeled between my legs, his hand stroking himself hard and fast. I gazed up and him and mouthed yes, hearing Paul and Hook-up unzip and run into their tent.

"Are you guys ok?" I called out as I slide a hand down between my legs, my fingers spreading my lips wide. Joel looked down at my fingers and then back up to my face.

"Yeah! My god, what a storm!" Paul yelled back.

I reached down with my other hand and dipped a finger inside of me and slid it back out, bringing it to my mouth. Joel licked his lips. "We tried to get the covers on as quickly as we could. Did any of your stuff get wet?" Joel asked, his voice giving nothing away. I smiled as I kept moving my hand and he moved closer to me. He opened his mouth wide and locked eyes with me as jet after jet of his spunk landed on my hand, belly, and breasts.

"Oh, thank you! Nah, nothing really wet here. How about you guys?"

I smiled and stifled a laughed as I answered, Joel smiling down at me with his hands on my knees, spreading my legs apart to look down on my fingers still moving, covered in both of our cum.

"Just a little bit."