 As soon as I got back from the weekend with my wife, I was dying to see Andrea again.

'You miss me that bad,' she texted.

'Of course,' I replied.

'I missed you too. I can't wait to see you again,' she typed.

'Tomorrow?'

'Yes. I'll be off tomorrow night because we're going to a silly show he wants to see,' she answered.

'Ok, I'll see you then. I can't wait!!!'

'Me either baby!!!!'

I loved the thought of us getting together again. I made reservations and then tried to concentrate on work the rest of the day. I felt like I hadn't in a long time. I was in love with her and I couldn't help feeling the way I did. Her passion in bed had been amazing. She was hands down the best lover I'd ever had. I could only imagine how good it would get as we got more familiar with one another.

The next morning was a perfect repeat of our first meeting. It was like we were both letting out years of repressed passion. We made love and then rest in one another's arms, kissing and touching one another, until we were both so excited that we'd make love again. I couldn't believe that I still had that much energy, but she drove me wild. I couldn't resist her!

We laid there talking as I held her. I was covered in sweat from our lovemaking.

"That was great," she purred.

"Yeah, I can't believe what you do to me, baby," I replied.

"I can't believe what you do to me!"

"I just want to make you feel good. I've missed that for a lot of years."

"I know baby. You can do it to me anytime," she smiled.

"Mmmm. I love that idea," I replied. "I also love that I'm going to be swimming around inside you tonight, when you're with him."

"You like that, do you," she asked, with a smile.

"Yes. I love that."

"You're so silly. There were probably a few of you still in there from the other day. You know that sperm can live inside me for a week."

"Mmmm, I'm going to be with you for a week," I laughed.

She rolled her eyes, "You're crazy. What are you going to do if I get pregnant?"

"Hopefully, it's a baby girl."

"Whatever, she'd have you wrapped around her finger by the time she could walk," she laughed.

"Probably." I admitted.

"We don't have to worry about it," she said.

"That's probably for the best. It might complicate things," I smiled.

"Yeah, I'd love to have that conversation with him, especially since it's been 6 months," she said.

I shook my head. "I can't get over that. I mean you're the best lover I've ever had."

She smiled. "Thank you. I don't get it either, but like I told you, unless I was hurting, I didn't turn him on. Sex and pain don't go together for me."

"No, me either." I was caressing her as we talked. My hand wondered down between her thighs.

"What are you doing," she asked.

"Nothing. Just exploring a little."

"Uh huh. You're getting me excited again."

"I can tell." I ran my finger through our combined wetness and brought it to my lips. "We taste really good together."

"You're so silly," she smiled.

"Silly for you." I moved down the bed until my face was between her smooth thighs. I began kissing and savoring her wet sex. I was already obsessed with giving her oral pleasure. I'd daydreamed about it since our first time. I suspected she hadn't known that pleasure much in her life, and I was determined to make up for it. I wanted to worship her womanhood and bring her to the greatest heights of pleasure.

"Oh god. That's good," she moaned. "Eat that pussy, baby."

"Mmmm, I am." I replied quickly between licks. She had the most amazing clit. It was hard and very prominent. I put my lips around it and sucked lightly, while licking it. She loved that and grabbed my head forcefully, pulling me against her sex. I loved listening to her talk to me, encouraging me to eat her pussy, as I built her to another orgasm.

"Mmmm, harder baby. Lick me harder," she moaned. She was literally humping my face. I was in heaven knowing that she was enjoying herself that much. I worked to keep my mouth planted on her sex, as she thrashed around.

"Oh, shit. Shit," she said. I knew she was there. I kept licking her as the the wave of pleasure washed over her. Finally, it passed and I stopped because she was so sensitive afterwards.

"You like doing that I think," she said, as she calmed down.

"You're damned right, I do. You taste amazing. I love getting you fired up," I smiled.

"I wasn't hurting you, was I," she asked.

"I'm a big boy. I can take it," I said.

"Get up here," she said. Soon she was kissing me ravenously.

-----------------------------------

July and August passed quickly for us. There were many more passionate meetings. Our love for one another continued to grow. I often felt that I wasn't being fair to her, as I was not in her life full-time. I talked to her about it on several occasions. She always said that I was giving her what I could, and that was fine. I hoped that I was.

We did a lot of very risky things that late summer and early fall. Our times at the lake were a constant struggle to keep ourselves under control. Sometimes, we weren't able to. We were texting one day in September. She was at home relaxing on a few days off, which didn't happen enough to my liking. She asked me if I wanted to come pick her up. I looked at what I had to do at work, and realized I probably shouldn't.

'Come on,' she texted.

'Ok, baby. Just for a bit,' I replied.

'Yay!!!!'

I grabbed my keys and headed towards the elevator. I smiled to myself thinking that it was too dangerous having her so close to the office. I couldn't resist her!

I pulled up in front of her house and she was already waiting outside for me. She quickly hopped in and kissed me, before we drove off. She was wearing a tank top, denim shorts and flip flops. She looked great.

"You're sure it's okay that I picked you up in front of the house," I asked.

"Yeah, it's fine. No one noticed," she smiled.

"Okay, where's R," I asked. I'd adopted the habit of just using his first initial, as opposed to his name, out of contempt.

"He's working. For two hours," she said.

"Seriously," I asked. She just nodded. "I'm sorry baby."

"Thanks baby," she replied. She was holding my hand, but I eventually put my hand on her thigh as we drove. I loved touching her. My wife was totally opposed to me ever touching her in public. I'm not saying I try to fondle her, but things as simple as just patting her thigh were off limits. Andrea, on the other hand, loved for me to touch her. As we neared the lake, my hand worked up her thigh to the hem of her shorts. They were very loose and comfortable, which allowed me easy access. I looked over and saw she was wearing the pretty, floral patterned thong I'd given her a few weeks before.

"Nice baby," I said, smiling.

"I thought you might approve," she replied.

I slipped my hand up the leg hole of her shorts and cupped her wet sex. We turned into the lake and I started checking our usual spots for a place to park. As I drove, my fingers had found their way inside her thong. She was already wet and slick. I moved my fingers around in her wetness, before I pulled them out and licked them clean. She shook her head and smiled at me.

"You're really wet down there," I smiled back.

"It only gets that way for you," she said.

"Is that so," I asked.

"Uh huh."

I continued driving and looking for a place to park, but all our usual haunts were occupied by fishermen. Damn, I thought. My fingers continued to tease and flick her hot little love button. I couldn't believe how wet she was. Her hand grabbed and pawed at my cock through my slacks. It drove me wild seeing her wedding ring, as she rubbed my hardness.

"You better find someplace fast or you're going to make me cum driving around," she said.

"That wouldn't be so bad, would it," I asked.

"You need to stop somewhere. I want that sexy fucking face down there," she purred.

"Okay. Let me find a spot." There was a little pull out beside the road. I knew I was taking a pretty big risk, but we were both too fucking turned on. I stopped the truck and put it in park. I leaned over and kissed her, like my life depended on it.

"Get out and come around on my side, so you can have better access," she suggested. I did and when I opened the passenger door, she slid over on the seat. She pulled her shorts and thong to the side. I quickly leaned down and feasted on her wetness. I could hear cars still going by on the road. I quickly wondered if the drivers could see what we were doing, in broad daylight. I didn't care, the only thing that mattered was making her cum.

"Oh, eat that pussy baby. It feels so good," she said. I licked and sucked on her little clit. I think she realized that we had limited time at that location, as I felt her reach for the collar of my shirt.

"Get up here and fuck me baby," she moaned. I raised up from between her thighs and slipped my slacks and boxers down. I stepped forward and she guided me into her steamy, wet slit. I looked up from her and made eye contact with a man driving by on the road. It had to be obvious, what was going on. I was just thankful that the cyclists were not out that day.

She had me so turned on, I started thrusting in her like an 18-year-old on prom night. I may have lasted 30 seconds, before I started cumming inside her. I looked in her eyes and she nodded yes. She was cumming too. My heart rate had to be at least 200 as we just stared at one another, smiling. I realized we probably better go before some concerned citizen stopped to see if we were having car trouble, or called the cops on two people fucking on the side of the road!

I hopped back in the truck and we headed out. I couldn't do anything other than smile at her. That had been so risky and so fucking sexy. I hadn't done anything that crazy in many years. When we pulled up in front of her house, we kissed passionately before we said goodbye.

That day became one of our running jokes. It was an experience I would never forget.

Andrea: That was definitely a day that we would never forget! What an amazing day! I'd learned that if I begged enough, I could usually get Bryan to do what I wanted and that day was one of those things! Neither of us planned to have sex on the side of the road at the lake, but this man drove me absolutely wild! He knew just where and how to touch me and knew all the little things that send me over the edge. I was quickly learning his as well. Our lovemaking was only getting better the more we learned about each other. The passion we felt for each other grew every day.

Early in October, we had another day at the lake that got out of control. She was off again that day and was meeting a friend for lunch. We met at the lake. She was wearing a long skirt that I hadn't seen her in before. She got in with me and we began kissing. Soon, we were both pretty worked up. My hand was working its way up her thigh, under the skirt. I was surprised when I reached the top as my fingers encountered smooth, wet pussy.

"No panties, today?" I asked.

"They're in my purse. I thought you'd appreciate that."

"I do. I love you running around with no panties on."

"You're crazy. Mmmm." She said as my finger circled her clit.

"Crazy for you baby." I kissed the soft skin on her neck as I continued rubbing her love button.

"You better stop or we're going to be fucking on the side of the road again," she said.

"That was so fucking hot." I replied. "I know of a better place."

"Where," she asked.

"I'll show you." I started up the truck and drove to a housing addition nearby. There were just a few houses completed and they were still for sale. I thought it would be more private. I parked my truck in a cul-de-sac and walked around to her side. She greeted me with a lusty kiss and her skirt up around her waist. I dropped my pants and swiftly entered her. I just couldn't get enough of her! My love and passion for her continued to grow every day. She drove me crazy to the point that I was doing things like fucking her in an uncompleted housing addition.

"God that's good baby. Fuck me," she panted.

"I love fucking you baby. You drive me crazy!"

"Good!" She grinned wickedly.

"Baby, I'm not gonna last long," I admitted.

"It's ok. Give it to me," she growled.

"Uh, oh, Andrea! I'm cumming baby. I'm cumming."

"Mmmmm, good," she cooed.

She hadn't got off and I prepared to go down on her.

"No, we better get going. This is not as private as you thought. Look at all those cars driving by," she laughed.

"Oh," I said, seeing what she was talking about.

She reached in her purse and pulled out some sexy red panties. She pulled them on quickly while I pulled my pants up.

"I don't need you leaking out during lunch," she laughed.

"Haha, no you don't."

We drove back to where her car was parked. We kissed and touched. Finally, she said she better go to meet her friend.

"Okay, baby. Have fun. I better get back to the office."

"Yeah. Have fun with that," she smiled.

"I'll try."

I watched her get in her car. After checking her phone, she blew me a kiss and drove off. I sat there for a while thinking about her. I still had my worries about if I was giving her enough. I really regretted I hadn't gotten her off. It made me feel guilty. I'd always made a point that our lovemaking was about her pleasure, not mine. I finally drove off. I didn't know what the next week would bring.

We were chatting the next week while she was at work. We had talked on the phone on her way in that night, and she hadn't really seemed herself. I'd tried to ask but she seemed hesitant to talk about it. I let it go at that, knowing that she would tell me eventually.

'Baby, can you meet me in the morning?'

'Yeah, sure.' I replied. 'Everything ok?'

'Yeah, we just need to talk.'

'Sure. About us?' I replied.

'Yes. I'm just wondering about what we're doing.'

'I understand baby. We can talk in the morning.' I typed.

'Ok. It's late, you better go to bed.'

'I will baby, have a great rest of your night. I love you.'

'I love you too Bryan.'

I went to bed, but I tossed and turned continually. Sleep would not come. I knew what she was thinking. There were times that I had those thoughts. That I was doing something horrible and selfish. I'd thought a couple times that we needed to stop, but she meant too much to me.

I honestly never imagined that I would have an affair. I just didn't think it was in my character, but there I was 5 months into an affair with a wonderful, beautiful woman. And now I could sense that it was probably coming to end.

The next morning, I drove to the lake. It was cold and cloudy, perfectly fitting the occasion. I parked and waited for her. I saw her pull up and she parked next to me. She got in and I could see she looked frazzled.

"Hi, baby," she said, kissing me.

"Hey." I pulled her close to me and held her.

Andrea: I had to come clean. I'd been thinking too much. I thought of my kids who were all teenagers, and wondered what they would think of me if they found out what I was doing and how I was not setting a good example for them at all! I'd also thought of my husband. There were times that he seemed to be trying and giving a little more effort to make things work and I knew that I wasn't giving him enough credit because I was only thinking of Bryan. I also frequently compared the two of them and Bryan always made R look like a schmuck, so that didn't help much. Bryan showed me what I could have and it made me so jealous of his wife. She had this amazing and wonderful man every day and she took him for granted. Everything was just so confusing and I didn't know what to do. I felt like I was being selfish and just doing things for myself without taking into consideration what it was or would do to others and that was not setting well. I told Bryan all of those things.

"I understand baby, I really do."

"What are you thinking," she asked.

"I'm just worried about getting caught. I don't want you to have to go through that," I replied.

"I don't want you to have to do that either."

"And I really don't like the idea that he's trying and I'm in the way," I continued.

"I know you don't. He just has his moments when he tries. It's not anything major."

"Do we need to stop?" I asked.

"I don't know," she replied. "I don't want to. You mean a lot to me."

"I know. You too," I said.

"I don't want to lose you," she said. Tears rolled down her cheeks.

"I don't either baby, but we probably should," I said. I was crying too.

We fell into a series of passionate, racking kisses. It was like we thought that if we kissed one another hard enough, it would let our feelings for each out. Finally, we stopped.

"I'll always love you," she said.

"I'll always love you too, baby."

"I better go," she said.

"Yes," I replied. She kissed me one last time and got out of the truck. Watching her get in her car and drive away was the saddest moment of my life. I sat there for a long time crying myself. I knew she would cry the entire drive home. I opened my phone and deleted her phone number. I then deleted our texts and emails. Finally, I deleted the pictures I had of her. I only wished it was going to be that easy to get her out of my mind and my heart. I slammed my phone down on the dash and drove off. It was a Friday, so I called in and said I was taking the day off. I then went to the liquor store.

Andrea: My heart broke into more pieces than I thought it ever could that day. I drove home sobbing. I'd thought that we might break up that day, but I was also hoping that we wouldn't and somehow everything would be fine. I knew this was what we needed to do. I needed to do this for my family. However, that did not make the heartache any less. I would never see him again. The thought was almost unbearable. I deleted all our messages and his phone number. I started deleting all his photos and I came to one of the very first pictures he ever sent me. He was wearing a blue shirt and his smile was mesmerizing. I loved that photo. I just sat and stared at it. I just couldn't bring myself to delete that photo. I shut my phone off and cried myself to sleep.