 Big Tits, Big Dicks and Fantasy Fucking

( o) (o ) ( o) (o ) ( o) (o ) ( o) (o ) ( o) (o ) ( o) (o ) ( o) (o ) ( o) (o ) ( o) (o ) 

We were sitting around the table at Brad's house. Our Senior project was done and we'd gotten a decent grade. Now we were talking about our summer plans prior to college for both Brad and I. 

I was going to State, right here in my home town. Cheap, and I could live at home to save more money! Brad was in a better place, I think. He was going to go to a prestigious, nationally known University. He'd qualified for a full scholarship!

"I know that you did really well in school this past year, honey," said Emily to her son. "And I'm really proud of you! But this is going to be a new experience for you. I think it's important that you take every advantage you can! I found a reasonably priced tutor that can really give you a leg up for your freshman year! It's three days a week and I want you to do it! I know it's a big commitment but I'm sure it will help!" While she was talking she was also running her hand up and down my thigh under the table. Brad couldn't see her caressing my leg, but I was having a hard time not reacting. Emily knew just how to use her fingernails to heighten my pleasure!

"And you, Billy," she turned to me, mashing one of her absolutely humongous tits against the table as she did so, "Billy, I can help you out a little too! I want to hire you to do some of the work around the house since Brad is going to be in tutoring sessions so often. Do you think you could do that for me? For us?" She indicated Brad with her head while her hand took hold of my prong where it had extended out from the loose shorts I was wearing. Slowly, slowly, she pumped and pulled on my rock hard dick! 

"Oh, yeah," I gasped, "I guess I can help out a couple of days a week. What," I choked, as she squeezed me even harder, "What does it pay?"

"Oh, we'll work something out that is satisfactory to both of us, I'm sure." As she spoke she pulled her shoulders back strongly to bring my attention to her immeasurable chest. Brad was looking thru his course catalog and missed this by-play. Just as well, he had no idea that I'd been pronging his Mom for weeks now. Once she got started Emily had a really strong sex drive as it had turned out! And she worshiped my giant-sized dick! She never missed a chance to show off or to tease me until I had a big hard-on! I'd lost count of how many blow jobs and hand jobs she had given me! And fucking? Any complaints I had had about not getting laid had vanished since I'd started fucking Emily! Some times I had a hard time keeping up with her. But it was a challenge I was eager to meet! And Emily challenged me all the time now.

I mean, if she kept on running her hand up and down my dick like she was doing I was going to shoot off under the table and there would be cum dripping onto the floor! Brad would be sure to notice something like that! 

Emily had turned out to be a world class tease! Before that fateful day when I grabbed her in the bathroom she never did anything to bring attention to her mammoth bust line. Not that she could really hide it. But she never drew attention to her bigger-than-basketball boobs. Now she was still sort of discrete, but...

Well, like today. She was wearing a hoodie over a spaghetti strapped top. She looked as normal as she ever did. But! No bra! When she unzipped the hoodie and spread it wide open to show me her chest, her nipples were jutting thru the fabric and there were stress lines everywhere since the top had not been made to contain Emily's immense tits! Damn few tops were unless they had been custom made for her!

And Emily would do that "spread the hoodie and show off" move when ever she wanted to get me worked up! Which was often! I'd been half erect almost since the moment I walked in the front door!

"Billy, give me a hand in the kitchen, won't you, honey" purred Emily.

I grabbed the newspaper off the table in an attempt to hide my erection as I followed her into the next room. I didn't want Brad to notice anything.

As soon as we were in the kitchen Emily sank to her knees in front of me and whipped my dick out. There was no subtlety, she just reached in my pant leg and yanked my cock out into the open and into her mouth!

Seconds later her lips were caressing my ball sack while her tongue wiggled and twitched on the bottom of my dick! She had me all the way down her throat! With all the practice she had gotten, Emily had become by far the best deep-throat cock sucker I'd ever met. Not that I had that much to compare her with but, wow, could she swallow my fourteen inch shaft! 

Several times she had told me that the deeper she took me, the more she enjoyed it! "I can almost come sometimes just from swallowing your huge cock," she would tell me while stroking me and then...

"Cum for me now, Billy!" she moaned before she slid all the way back down my dick. And I did! Trying not to make too much noise I emptied my balls into Emily's throat. She enjoyed it almost as much as I did! It was the third time today that she'd pulled a load from me! She just adored having me blow a huge load of cum into her mouth. Or onto her tits or, her favorite of all, into her hungry, needy pussy! Emily was always ready to tease me to an erection that she would then get me to share with her!

It didn't matter if we were alone or if there ware other people in the house. If we were alone Emily would get me to fuck her in every position she could think of. If we weren't alone it would be something like this where she would tease me until I was at full length and full strength and then she would get me alone for a little while to give me a blow job or a hand job! 

And in between she'd rub herself up against me. She would grab my hand and pull it to her chest so I could fondle and handle her enormous tits! She would stand where only I could see her and she would pose to show off her body. Shoulders shaking she would force her boobs to bust out of her blouses. Or she would flash me by lifting her top up so I could see her bursting full bra! Or show me that she wasn't wearing a bra! Her huge nipples hard as rocks her tits would bounce and cavort as she showed off for me! I got SO hard! We both loved it!

But since we were alone in the kitchen just now I reached out and grabbed Emily. Pulling her to me I planted a hot kiss on her lips. She returned the favor and we stood together for a moment. I ran my hands over her breasts to appreciate just how large and amazing she was.

"So, when will I get a chance to measure you and find out just how busty the bustiest MILF in town is?" I asked.

"When ever you want, Billy." It was what she always said. I'd tried to measure her several times. It had never worked out for one reason or another.

"You always say that," I reminded her. "But we never get it done!" Was I whining? Yeah, a little.

"Billy, it's not my fault if you get side-tracked! You know where the measuring tape is. Go get it and we'll do it as soon as Brad goes out!"

"And you won't mess with me while I try to do it?" I asked.

"Why whatever do you mean?" she snickered.

"I mean you won't start to stroke my dick and beat me off? You won't pull my head between your huge tits and try to smother me with these gigantic boobs?" I stroked the items in question. They were so big and so firm and so much fun to play with!

"I promise." she told me. "Now, here comes Brad so act natural!" She stepped away from me as Brad entered the kitchen and while his back was turned she grinned at me and shimmied her shoulders to send her massive melons on a wild ride while I watched. She reached up and grabbed herself to still the tit-quake she had started.

"Hey, Billy! I asked you a question, man! Do you think I should take any of the advanced courses they offer?" I hadn't even heard Brad!

"Hey, I don't know, Brad. You're the super-brain, not me!" I'd been distracted because Emily had leaned over and pulled down her zipper to show off the biggest tits I'd ever seen. How was I supposed to carry on a conversation while trying to estimate just how large her bust was?

Ten minutes later Brad was running an errand for his Mom that would take the better part of the afternoon and I was kneeling in front of Emily holding her tailor's tape in my hand.

I knew what her hip and waist measurements were. What I was interested in was the enormously gigantic breasts that shivered so firmly in front of me. She had doffed the hoodie and the flimsy top for me. And she had insisted that if she was going to be naked, that I be naked too!

I was buried up to my shoulders between her tits, trying to reach around her with the tape.

Somewhat to my surprise Emily didn't try to trap me between her massiveness. She didn't hold me between her boobs. She held her hands up and behind her head while she let me pull the tape around her as I stood up. 

But once I was standing in front of her she squeezed her arms against the outside of her tits and started to give me a tit-wank!

Smiling up at me she said, "I never promised not to give you a tit job! I love to feel your immense cock between the girls! It feels good to me and I know that you love it, don't you, Billy?"

"Guh," was all I could choke out as I emptied my balls between her gigantic tits. It always felt so good when I did that!!

"Well, maybe next time," she teased me as she eased back into her top. Her hoodie dangled from her hand as she strutted out of the room, both tits could be seen from behind. They wiggled and shook while she walked away. DAMN!

Well, as you might imagine we spent the next several hours having energetic sex together.

The next morning Emily and I were sitting on her sofa. Billy was at his tutoring session until late in the afternoon and we had the rest of the day to ourselves.

"This is your fault! It's all your fault!"

"Yes, this is all your fault," she repeated. I don't think she was really mad at me. Cause at the same time she was complaining that it was my fault, she was teasing my ear with her tongue. And her left hand was caressing my dick thru my shorts.

"What's my fault?" I asked. Sometimes I can be stupid. Should have kept my mouth shut!

"It's your fault that I've become sex crazed! If you hadn't grabbed me and felt up my big tits! If you hadn't reminded me how much I enjoyed getting my huge tits played with! If you hadn't shown me how much fun it is to tease men and show off my gigantic tits!" She was mashing those huge melons against me as she spoke. They were bulging out of the low-cut teeshirt that she had managed to jam into. I could just make out the edges of her bra cups. Large swells of breast meat were being forced into the open by the slightly too small bra she had on. It was a cock hardening sight!

"Yes," she concluded, "this is all your fault Billy!"

"I'm sorry! How can I make it up to you, Emily?" 

"Just let me play with it for a while, Billy. You know I adore playing with your big dick, making it hard, making it spew cum all over me, over my tits and face, making it spew cum into my mouth and down my hungry throat! Just let me play with your massive cock, Billy!"

How could I say no? I enjoyed her playing with my dick while I teased her nipples and elephantine breasts!

Slowly Emily unbuttoned my shorts and drew down my zipper. Reaching into the opening she wrapped her hand around the hardening shaft of my cock and gently pulled it out so she could admire it. I had stopped wearing underwear at her request because she felt they "just get in the way and I want easy access to my man's meat!"

"So thick," she moaned. "So very thick and long!" 

Her hand was stroking up and down slowly. Squeezing and caressing my almost completely hard shaft. She was using both hands now!

"Two hands worth and there is still more shaft that I can suck on! I love this gigantic cock! I've never heard of one this big before! I adore your dick, Billy! I worship it! It's all I can think of anymore! I dream about it at night and I think about it every day!"

"When I get up and get dressed I think about how I can show off my enormous tits for you! How I can tease you and let you and all the other men get a glimpse of my cleavage! How I can let you see how far out my boobs reach! How they overwhelm even my largest bra!"

"I get wet thinking about how I'm going to make your cock expand to it's full length and stiffness and then how I'm going to suck it and ride it and have you jam it all the way into my poor greedy pussy!" Her voice was husky with lust and her eyes were following her hands as they ran up and down my dick!

"God, I love this prong!"

She leaned over and cat-licked my dick head. With a small moan of lust she allowed her lips to drift open and took the first half of my cock head into her mouth. While her lips nursed on the head her tongue was teasing my piss hole and trying to draw more pre-cum into her mouth.

"Oh, Billy, I can't wait any longer! I need to feel this monster push deep into my pussy!" She was groaning and moaning with pleasure as she shifted over my hips. 

Reaching between her legs she pulled her panties to the side so she could slip my dick between her cunt lips. Letting her weight settle on me she slowly took the first few inches of my dick between her sopping wet pussy lips.

"Oh, so good! So BIG! I love the feeling of being filled by your enormous dick!" She leaned down and planted a hot kiss on my lips. While our tongues dueled back and forth she pushed herself down even farther on my cock. She was panting into my mouth while she kept rising and falling, she was slowly taking more and more until, finally, she hit the bottom!

"Yes!" she exulted as she straightened up. Grabbing my head she pulled me between her tits and shook her shoulders to batter me with her hugely big tits! Soft and firm they bounced all over my face and head! -

-

"So good! Your big, fat cock feels so good! I can't believe how good it feels! I'm going to cum! I'm going to explode all over your magnificent dick! You make me cum so fast and so hard! I adore it! I can't get enough of you! More, Billy! More. Cum for me honey, so I can drink it all down! And then I want to suck you back up so we can do it again! What a stud! Ohhhh, I'm cumming now! Suck me!"

Emily pulled me to her bosom and fed me one of her huge tits to suck on while she bounced and shook and came on my steel-hard prick! What a feeling! She was pressing my face to the biggest tits you can imagine! It felt so good! I loved it!

I was groaning and sucking and licking and cumming! I was spurting like a mad-man into her gripping tight cunt! She could always make me cum buckets! She was so sexy and hot!

As we both caught our breath she curled up next to me and licked and stroked my dick, cleaning up after our love making. As usual, her cleaning up managed to return my dick to it's full-hardon status in no time.

I knelt over her resting my butt on her amazing boobs and fed her my hard shaft.

"You want more, don't you, you sex-crazed maniac? You want to take my dick as deep as you can, don't you Emily? You want me to push my cock so far down your throat that you can lick my balls, don't you?"

Emily didn't really answer, her mouth and throat were filled with my dick. But she did reach behind me and use both hands to pull me toward her even further! My dick was all the way down her throat and she was moaning and whimpering as I pulled back and then drove forward again and again.

As I got close to cumming I pulled out and crammed myself into her sopping wet pussy. She began to cum even before I reached the bottom of her greedy cunt. She was spasming and cumming while she threw her legs around me and pulled me closer and closer. 

I was resting on top of her immense breasts, sliding this was and that while she yowled in pleasure. Finally I blasted my cum into her while she shook thru another orgasm! It was epic!

We spent the rest of the day lounging around the house. Emily would put on some sexy outfit for me to admire and we would neck and fondle each other until she decided to tit-fuck me or suck me off again. And of course we didn't neglect her ever-needy snatch!

It was so much fun, so sexy, to handle her massive bosom. Emily had found some of Billy's porno stash and she would point out how much better developed she was than any of the women in the mags! And it was true. None of the women in the photos were nearly as well endowed. None of them had boobs that could rest on the mattress while she was up on all fours and getting fucked from behind!

Emily would strut around, half dressed and show off her amazingly over developed figure. She would shimmy and shake her immense tits while I stared in admiration. Running her hands over her boobs she pinched her nipples until they were rock hard. Then she would try to lift her tits up to where she could suck on her own nipples. That was hard to do, she was so big it took some real effort to get her lips to where she put them around her nipples to suck and lick!

Of course I was eager to help! My lips would latch onto her nipples and I would lick and suck until her nipples were hard as pebbles. Together we would nurse and tease until she was shaking with pleasure. Then she would tuck my huge dick between her even larger breasts and give me a tit fuck that would have me spurting in no time at all!

Finally I grabbed the tape one more time. Emily stood proudly in front of me as I measured her breasts! I measured her twice to be sure that I had the right information. She measured fifty-eight inches! Thirty inches larger than her waist! What a gigantic set of tits! 

Her bras didn't have a cup size. Customer made they would have been about a 36-T cup I think. It was hard to work it out while she was enclosing her cleavage around my rock hard dick. 

Emily kept me hard so she could tit-fuck my dick. And suck. And fuck! She kept me hard for almost an hour. And when I did blow my final load of the day she had me spurt all over her tits and her face before she swallowed what I had left!

Having my best friends ultra-busty mom worship my cock is great! I can't wait til college starts. With Billy out of town Emily and I will be able to spend a lot more time fucking each other. I'm looking forward do it!