 I lived in an apartment for several years after my divorce. The manager of the apartment was a petite brunette with a gorgeous smile and body like an hourglass . A friend once described her as a librarian that could make you say ouch. When I could, I'd go out by the pool to catch some sun and relax. I spotted her at the pool on several occasions and finally started small talk with her. We talked about different things and eventually talked about the people we were dating. I found out she wasn't seeing anybody special and she was several years younger than me. I kept the conversations light and mostly agreed with her when she'd tell me stories about men being pigs. We became good friends and our conversations became more personal. At some point she started talking about her sexual positions and weather I had ever tried some of the positions she would describe. I'd get so aroused listening to her, I would have to be on my stomach because it would be embarrassing for me if she knew what her stories were doing to my cock. 

As we got more comfortable with one another she asked if I'd rub oil on her back. She usually wore a purple string bikini that left little to the imagination. I'd squeezed out some oil on my hands a rub them together to warm it up before I'd start rubbing into her tight tanned skin. Rubbing her whole body with oil and watching those tiny body hairs lifting up and freeing themselves from the oil and feeling her soft smooth skin made me horny. I'd fantasize about her and what it would be like to unhook the strings on that bikini and see what that patch of hair would look like, if she even had a patch. 

I adjusted my cock several time while she wasn't looking. Finally I stood up and told her I needed to go to my apartment. I was in my apartment thinking about what it would be like to have sex with her, when I heard a knock on the door. I open the door and there she was, with this help me look on her face. She said she'd fallen asleep and burned her back and wanted me to rub her with aloe. I told her I had a better solution but it involved frozen towels. She was game for anything that would help relieve the pain. I grabbed a few small towels and ran them under the tap to get them wet. I tossed the wet towel in the freezer for a few minutes to get it cold. I told her to take off her top to expose her bare back. She walked over to the sofa and sat on the arm then removed her top and bunched it up in front of her to cover her breast. I entered the room with one of the two towels and gently placed it on the redden skin from the burn. After a few trips back and forth from the freezer and her adjusting her position, her harden nipple was visible on one of her tits. I jokingly asked if the cold was effecting other parts of her body and she looked down and laughed. That's when she said what the hell and dropped the top on the sofa leaving her breast exposed and nipples hard. She looked at my swim suit and said "looks like your cold too." My hard on was like a tent pole at the big top. She asked if I had any ice cubes in the freezer, I said yes and came back with a few in a dish. Thinking she wanted me to rub them on her back, I was totally shocked when she popped one in her mouth then, and with one motion went down on her knees and took my swim shorts with her. She immediately encircled by cock with her lips and twirled the ice cube around my shaft with her tongue.  

The cold sensation made my shaft stiff as a board. She soon swallowed the ice cube and grabbed my shaft with her warm hands while holding the tip between her lips. The contrast from cold to hot was intense. I grabbed two handfuls of her long black hair and began pumping my shaft down her throat. After a few thrust she grabbed my butt and sunk her fingernails in deep. I immediately came and she swallowed every drop. After she finished she looked up and said "I think the ice cubes did the trick." 

We both laughed out loud and she admitted to teasing me in the past and has always wanted to feel me inside of her. She agreed to have dinner with me later that night and we could figure out dessert then.