 Big Tits, Big Dicks and Fantasy Fucking

It was my Senior year. I was at Brad's house working on our Senior Science Project when it all started.

Brad had run out to the local Big Box Emporium for some supplies and I had wandered into the bathroom to take care of some personal business.

The laundry room was just off the bathroom and as I was sitting on the can I saw thru the open door that one of Brad's Mom's bras was hanging on a drying rack. You have to understand that Brad's Mom was the focus of a lot of gossip among Brad's chums. First of all, Emily had what were easily the largest breasts that any of us had ever seen! Anywhere. Including the Internet! Gigantic, huge, firm and amazing!

Emily was pretty with long dark hair and brown eyes. She had a really nice smile too. She was kind of tall, about 5'8" and had slender legs. But mostly she was those tits! Those amazingly gigantic breasts that defied any attempt to disguise or minimize their impact!

And here her bra was, hanging in plain sight! None of us had any idea just what size Emily's breasts were but I could find out! All I had to do was get up off the can, walk into the other room, pick up her bra and look at the tag on the back strap. All I had to do...

Before I knew it I was standing next to the drying rack with Emily's bra in my hand! I turned it over and over. It was immense! I'd seen my Mom's bras. She wore a C-cup. My girlfriend wore a B-cup. And here I was holding a bra that was at least as big as both of them together! No. It was bigger than both of those bras combined. Much, much bigger! There was probably enough fabric in one of these cups to make both of those other bras. 

But there was no size tag! All the tag said was Burns & Adrian. No size! No cup size, no measurement! What the hell? My first guess was that Emily had snipped off the tag so that no one would know! I really had no idea.

But as long as I was here. Holding the largest bra I'd ever imagined...

I held it to my face and sniffed! I buried my nose in the fabric and enjoyed the softness and the womanIy scent. Then I pulled it over me! It easily swallowed my head! I was able to pull it down so that it rested on my shoulders and there was still some room in there for more! Talk about a huge bra! And the breasts that it was to hold must be immense!

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING, YOU LITTLE PERVERT?" 

I jerked the bra off my head and turned to confront it's owner! Emily was wearing a robe and a very pissed off expression!

"GIVE ME THAT YOU LITTLE BASTARD!" she shrieked as she reached out and snatched her bra out of my hands. She grabbed it so hard, she yanked so hard, that the sash from her robe fell to the floor! 

Her robe swung open and I could see everything! I mean her tits were RIGHT THERE! Swaying in front of her, they hung past her navel! From her shoulders to her hips there was nothing but boobs! Big aureole, fat nipples riding high on the largest breasts in the world! GODDAMN!

Realizing what had happened Emily spun in front of me. I doubt she realized that she was facing the bathroom mirrored wall over the double vanity. I could still see everything in the mirror! Gigantic, mammoth breasts that hung wider than her shoulders or hips! HOLY FUCK, they were beyond big!

Her reaction was to struggle to pull her robe together and at the same time try to pick up the sash from the floor. She wasn't getting either task done.

My reaction? Well, I didn't really think. I just reached out and grabbed her from behind and pulled her against me!

Suddenly I had both arms full of squirming, kicking woman. My hands were all over her tits! I was grabbing handfuls of boobs and nipples. I was never going to get another chance like this! I didn't want to miss a thing!

Hell I was probably going to go to jail now that I'd started to grope her! And there was SO FUCKING MUCH to grope! No matter what I tried there was no way I could corral her tits!

"STOP IT, STOP IT!! DON'T DO THIS! LET ME GO!"

I was mashing her tits against her torso. I raised my hands and watched in the mirror as her head all but disappeared from sight! I piled the left one over the right one. Then I piled the right one over the left! And all the while I was squeezing her nipples and as much breast flesh as I could with my hands! There was just so freaking much!

I pushed her tits in big circles. Round and round I pushed them. I watched over her shoulders as mountains of flesh rose and fell as I manipulated Emily's gigantic breasts. They were HUGE, GIGANTIC! I couldn't get over it!

I put my hands to the outsides of her boobs and pressed my hands together. Her cleavage exploded! The tops of her tits reached her forehead while the bottoms ended up around her pussy! It was incredible! It was unimaginable! And I wasn't imagining it! I was seeing it with my own amazed eyes! What a set of knockers! Jesus! Lord have mercy!

I don't know if it was the pressure from my playing with her tits or not but I saw that her nipples were popping out from the surrounding flesh. At least an inch long, they were darker and harder than they had been when I first saw them.

I shifted my grip from the sides to her nipples and twisted them as I squeezed her tits with my arms. 

Emily wasn't yelling as much now. I think she was getting tired of struggling because she wasn't kicking out or trying to pull away from me. In fact, she was leaning back against me. Her eyes were locked on her image in the mirror where she could see what I was doing to her massive breasts. 

"Ohhh," Was that a moan? From Emily? "Ummm!" It was! She licked her lips while I watched in the mirror.

I didn't stop. I just kept playing with her tits using both hands to manipulate her gigantic mounds.

At the same time I could feel her body against mine. Her head was lolling back against my shoulders and her body was pressed against me all the way down to my upper thighs. If fact I could feel her butt rubbing against my groin as she stood in my arms. She was twitching to the left and the right. It felt great!

I realized that I was reacting to her body against mine in the traditional way. I was springing a boner!

Emily could feel it, I knew! When I get hard I get big! And hard! Despite being nineteen and in the prime of my sexual life I had not yet had sex in the traditional sense. I had had any number of hand jobs. I had had a few blow jobs but I had never had the chance to push my hard-on into a girls cunt.

The problem was that I was too big! I know, I know. It's like a line from a wank story that you might find on the Internet. But it was true! Every girl that had seen my dick in its aroused state had refused to let me put it into her. The number of 'pity' hand jobs I had gotten! Or an offer to use their mouths to help relieve my erection was adding up. But no fucking. Several girls had measured me at about fourteen inches long! and over nine inches around. They all said that I was too big for them, dammit!

And so now I had a reputation in school as being too much, too big. I got curious looks. I'd even had a few girls rub up against me to see if the rumors were true. But no one ever followed thru.

But now? Now Emily was pressing herself against me while I kept on feeling up her enormous cans! Her butt was still twitching from side to side while her eyes were following what I was doing to her in the mirror.

"Ohhh," she moaned again. A little louder this time while I saw her tongue flash out to lick her lips.

My forebrain was apparently disconnected by this time because I did something then even I didn't expect!

I pushed Emily up to the vanity and while I spun her around to face me I pulled her robe down to pin her arms to her side. I nibbled on her neck for a moment and then I dove into her bosom!

Using my hands and arms I pushed her tits together and began to lick and suck! I licked her nipples while still fondling her breasts. I sucked on her tits around her aureola, over the upper and lower expanses and kept playing with her boobs with my hands. I was slobbering and moaning as I worked. I was going as fast as I could! I was afraid that Emily was going to push me away any moment and I didn't want to stop!

I glanced up to see that her eyes were closed and her tongue was pushed out the side of her mouth and sliding back and forth. She seemed to be enjoying what I was doing!

So I didn't stop! I pulled both of her nipples together and sucked on them at the same time. That drew a groan from her as I sucked and licked the twins. I was using both hands and arms together to hold her incredibly massive breasts against each other as I worked.

I latched onto her one nipple and while sucking as hard as I could I pulled my head back. Her tit formed an immense cone shape as I shook my head from side to side. I finally lost my oral grip and her tit, that gigantic massively large orb, snapped back against her and jellied to a stop as I watched, awe struck! 

I didn't stare too long. Instead I dove back into her bosom! I was licking and sucking as hard as possible. And I was still squeezing and pushing and pulling her tits!

As I kept working it seemed to get easier to hold her huge boobs up so I could lick and suck. Pulling back for a moment I found out why that was.

Emily was helping! She had pulled her arms free of her robe and she was cupping her immense breasts from below! As I watched she opened her eyes to see me watching her.

There was look in her eyes. A small grin on her lips. She WAS enjoying what I was doing! She lifted her boobs a little higher and turned a bit to her left.

I took the hint and focused my attentions on her right breast. For the next few minutes I fondled, squeezed and pushed that huge mammary all over her chest! I licked, tongued, sucked and nibbled on her nipple while she moaned and sighed. 

After a while she pulled back from me. I was certain she was going to yell at me. But no... She had a big smile on her face while she caught her breath.

"So good! So GOOD," she gasped. "Now do this one!" she twisted in front of me to push her left boob into my mouth! She almost knocked me over with her enthusiasm! 

And I went back to work with a good will. From time to time she would swing herself to the other side to make sure that I was not spending all my time on just one of those orbs!

After a little more time I realized that I was getting uncomfortable. Without taking my attention from what I was doing with Emily I unzipped and pulled my aching dick out of my pants. That felt better but my excitement level rose as I felt the cool air in the room flow over my erection. 

I didn't let that stop me however! I kept up my attentions to her oversized dirigibles using every trick I knew and inventing some new ones as I went.

Finally I decided to try something I'd never had the nerve to try. In preparation I drove my head between Emily's pontoons and motor-boated and licked and sucked her cleavage. After a minute or two I stood up in front of her.

Slowly her eyes opened to see what was hanging in front of her. Well, not hanging so much as JUTTING! My rampant hard-on was reaching more that half was the distance between my hips and her face!

I watched with some amusement as her eyes widened in shock.

"Oh, fuck me!" she moaned. I didn't take this as an invitation, rather it was a statement of amazement.

I grabbed myself with one hand and put my other hand on her shoulder as I leaned forward and pushed my giant dick between her even bigger boobs! I'd never been with a woman who could handle my prick this way! And Emily could do it easily, I found!

Pushing and pulling myself back and forth between her breasts I was quickly on the verge of cumming!

"Can I...?" I half asked.

"Between my tits, between my tits! And all over me! Cum all over my big, fat tits! Cum for me Billy!" So she did know my name!

And on command I started to spew between her tits! After a few wads landed deep within her cleavage I pulled back and let the rest splash over her upper tit surfaces. 

She looked in amazement at the streaks of cum that were spread all over her tits. Then she parted her breasts to look at the puddles of sperm that had been trapped between her boobs. 

"So much, so much! I can't believe how much you came! What a load!"

She reached up with both hands and ran her fingers into her cleavage. Working carefully she transferred every thing she collected to her mouth. She sucked on each finger, licked the cum off her palms and then went back for more! Once she had harvested everything from her cleavage she used both hands to push her left breast to her face so she could lick me directly off her tit. Then she switched to the other side and carefully repeated the operation.

When she was done she looked up into my eyes. "That was yummy," she announced.

"Here," I told her. "You missed some! Why don't you clean me up, too?" I offered her my semi-erect dick. There was a string of cum dangling off the end.

Emily didn't waste any time. She just leaned forward and after catching the string of cum on her tongue she grafted her lips to my dick head and sucked up everything that was still available. Her hand stroked from my balls up the length of my shaft and swallowed up all that she had been able to squeeze out of my dick. Then she pushed her head down my shaft until my dick head hit the back of her mouth. 

Her tongue was active, teasing my cock while she was gazing into my eyes to see if was enjoying what she was doing!

Was I enjoying what she was doing? Damn right I was. In fact I was rapidly growing harder and harder as she worked.

"Billy," she said, "no one has ever treated me like that before! I loved it! You handled my breasts so well! I almost came from the way you were pushing and pulling and juggling and jiggling me! It felt wonderful!"

She stroked my dick a couple of times.

"And this, this, well this cock!" She shook my dick. "I've never seen one like this before! So big! So long and so thick! It felt wonderful in my mouth and hands! And your cum tastes so good!"

"I'm afraid I'm going to have to insist that you do it again! Starting right now!" She had both hands of my dick as she spoke and she continued to pump me with both hands while she leaned forward and sucked on my dick head.

I was hard as a rock again in moments! Watching her humongous tits shaking and quivering while she was playing with my cock was sexy as hell!

"This floor is too hard and too cold for us to fuck," she told me. "But if I lean over the sink, like this, I think we can make do. Don't you?"

She smiled over her shoulder at me as she twitched her butt from side to side.

"Come on, stud! I want to feel you slide that huge dick into me! I've never seen one that large and I can't wait to see what it feels like! C'mon, lets go, Brad may come home any time! Hurry!"

Her tits were resting heavily on the vanity as she was smiling back at me. I could see them in the mirror as well as from behind as they sprawled to either side of her!

Shuffling into position behind her I placed the head of my dick against her dripping wet pussy lips.

My first fuck! And with Emily! The ultra busty MILF of the world! As far as I was concerned I could have died happily right then and there!

But she had other ideas. Impatient with my pausing to enjoy the moment Emily pushed back against me! It took both of us a few moments before I started to make some head way.

Five or six times we pushed against each other before my dick head started to sink into her hot wet cunt! Time and again I pushed myself against her tush. And Emily was giving as good as she got! In fact, on the times when I stopped to catch my breath she pushed herself back against me even harder!

Her head dipped forward to rest on the vanity as her back arched trying to push herself onto my big hard dick! 

"Oh, FUCK ME!" This time it was a plea! Emily wanted me to fuck her and fuck her hard! Which I was more than happy to do!

There was no subtlety. I just pushed myself agains her! Time and again I drove myself against her! It took a while but I was making progress! And I was loving every moment of it. So was Emily if the sounds that she was making were any indication. She was moaning and groaning! Making sharp little sounds of pleasure as I varied the angle of attack, the speed and the force that I was using!

I saw her reach back between her legs and I felt her fingers as she touched herself and me! She stroked my cock, the part I had not yet driven into her, and she fingered her clit and pussy lips!

"Oh, fuck, so good! I'm going to cum, Billy, don't stop, keep going while I..." her voice went silent as she started to shake and convulse on my dick! She was having a huge orgasm as I kept pounding away! Once, twice, three and four times she spasmed in front of me. The look on her face was hard to describe but when she finally collapsed in front of me she had a beatific smile on her face.

I was still beavering away behind her. I was having a great time but I wasn't close to blowing my load. 

"Oh, honey, you've worn my poor old pussy out! I need to get more practice! But let me take care of you with my mouth and breasts, Billy! I know that you'll love it! Let me show you!"

She slid to the floor in front of me and reached for me with both hands.

For the next few minutes she took care to shimmy her megalithic mammary mounds for my enjoyment while she lipped, licked and sucked my ball sack. No one had ever done that for me before and I loved it. She didn't ignore my dick head or shaft. She paid lots of attention to them with her hands while she worshipped my gonads.

"You have such big balls, Billy! I'm going to love emptying them for you! And I love to suck your hard cock, too!" She demonstrated by moving up to take my dick head into her mouth and started to suck and lick it!

"You mean we can do this again, Mrs..." I stopped when she put a finger to my lips.

"Call me Emily, Billy. And yes, we can do this again. And again and again as often as you want! But I have to warn you! I may wear you out, you know!" 

"I'll take that chance!" I told her. "Now shut up, Emily and suck my big hard dick! I want to cum down your throat and into your greedy mouth!"

"Oh, yes, talk dirty to me! I love it! I want to be your sex toy, your busty, horny sex toy! Play with me anytime!" she was telling me this with her lips brushing against my dickhead.

With a groan of release I pressed myself into her mouth and began to shoot off, emptying my balls into her! She took it all! Every drop was sucked up, savored and swallowed down! What a slut Emily had turned out to be!

We collapsed next to each other on the bathroom floor. Emily leaned over and gave me a scorching kiss.

"That was fabulous, Billy! When my husband decided that he was gay and left me, it really crushed me. I thought that I was unattractive. I thought my big tits were a turn off. I mean, I always enjoyed the tit play! But I thought since HE didn't, that men didn't like girls with boobs as big at these!" She hefted them for emphasis, and grinned as she saw my gaze lock onto her shivering, shaking mountains! 

"It also explained why he preferred blow jobs to straight sex!" 

"But you did such a good job! 

"That was great, Billy! I adore your huge dick! I want to feel it pounding into me as often as possible! Now we better get dressed. Brad should have come home by now!"

And when Brad walked in the door later we were sitting across from each other in the living room. Until we heard the car pulling into the drive way I had been playing with my half hard dick while Emily teased me by showing off her immense tits.

I had asked her several time what size bra she wore but she claimed that her size varied during the month and, since she was so large she had her bras custom made they didn't use the normal sizing. Instead they custom made each bra. And so she didn't really know what her bust measurement was. She did tell me that her waist was twenty six inches and her hips measured 40 inches. 
