 I was working late, and I was the only one left in the building. It had been very quiet for the last hour or so, but just as I was thinking about leaving, I heard some noise downstairs. I forgot, it's Thursday night, it must be the janitor. Maybe I'll stick around a while and chat up Julie. She's really nice, and we often talk when she comes upstairs to empty the trash cans. She's really attractive... or maybe it's just that I'm really attracted to her. I didn't really think of her as attractive until I'd talked to her a few times and found out what a nice person she is. Too bad she's married. Too bad I'm married. For the time being.

I turned out the light in my office. I figured I'd go downstairs and find her. But moments after my light went off, she came around the corner, headed right for me, head down.

"Boo!" I said softly in the dark.

"Oh!" she looked up, startled. "Oh, it's you! You scared me!" she reached for me like she was annoyed, but she was smiling as she grabbed my shoulders and pushed me back.

"Sorry... you came around the corner just as I turned out the light."

"It's okay, I'm... I'm glad it's you..." somehow our playful pushing had turned into a hug.

"Are you all right?"

"Umm..."

"I'm sorry I scared you..."

"Oh, uh, it's not that... I mean... it's okay..."

"Let me guess... Tony?"

"Umm..."

"What idiotic thing has he done this time?"

I'm sure Tony's a good guy, but I always hear about the bad stuff. Julie and I had developed a relationship where, since our circle of friends and family don't intersect, we felt safe talking to one another about our spouses. Or maybe 'venting' is a better word. I'm sure she thinks my wife is a total bitch. But it was more serious this time. She looked like she was on the verge of tears.

"He... Oh, you shouldn't have to listen to this..."

"Hey, how many times have you listened to me rant? That's what friends are for!"

She smiled, touching my cheek. "You're so sweet."

"Actually I'm a rat, but compared to your husband..."

"He... he... cheated!" she choked out the last word around a sob.

"Oh God," I said, folding my arms around her.

"And he has the gall to say he loves me! I don't know what I did..."

"Hold it right there! You didn't do anything wrong, he did! This is not your fault!"

"I know, but I'm not the most..."

"Stop! You are a beautiful, beautiful woman. Every man's desire!"

"Then why doesn't he love me?"

"What makes you think he doesn't?"

She looked at me like I had three heads.

"Julie, he's a man! Just because he loves you, doesn't mean he isn't tempted by other women. I love my wife, but you make me..."

She smiled at my blush.

"I'm sorry, I don't think I'm helping."

"No, you are helping. I didn't understand... I guess I'd just never been tempted before... until now."

"What?" I wasn't sure what she was saying.

"Well, Tony was mad at me, and did something he now regrets. Now I'm mad at him, and I... I could easily..."

Her lips approached mine. I knew I should stop her, but I just couldn't. In fact my lips rushed to meet hers. After a long moment, I broke the kiss.

"Is this something you're going to regret?"

"Probably. But at this moment, I don't care."

"Me neither."

We backed into my office as we began kissing in earnest. I turned on my desk lamp, leaving the fluorescents off. I was kissing her aggressively, but if she wanted more than that, she was going to have to initiate it. I had pushed her back against my desk as we kissed. I wasn't sure if anything more would happen, but then I detected her legs slowly opening. Since I was leaning against her, soon we ended up with our groins pressed together.

"Ohhhh, I want you..." she moaned, grinding herself against me. "Touch me?"

I brought one hand to her breast, cupping her cheek with the other as we continued to kiss.

"I..." I had to say it. "I want to... make love to you..."

"Then do it."

I reached for the snap on her jeans. I popped it open, and she did the same to mine. We methodically undressed each other, carefully arranging our clothes on my desk. She has to clean up people's messes all day, I didn't want her to think I'm a slob.

"Have a seat," I said, adjusting the height of the chair from my lab bench. I sat in my office chair, about a foot lower than hers. I wheeled her to me, and spun her till her boob was right in my face. I teased one nipple with my fingers as I took the other into my mouth.

"Yessss... I've imagined you doing that for a long time..."

"Really?" I said. "Me too."

"Do you ever think about... you know, doing it with me?"

"Umm, sort of."

"What do you mean, sort of?"

"Well, when I think of you, I don't go right there. I think about how much I'd like to hold you in my arms. But that makes me think about how great it would be to kiss you. Once I'm imagining that, then I think about touching your breasts, which makes me think about doing this," I said, giving her nipple a suck. "If I let my imagination get this far, then I think about touching you here," I said, slipping a hand between her legs.

"Ohhh!" she moaned as my fingers slipped between her moist folds. She spun the chair and opened her legs, and suddenly the desk lamp revealed my fingers sliding into her wet opening. Two fingers stroked her inside while my thumb strummed across her clit. I enjoyed the view for a few minutes, then spun her chair again, taking her nipple back into my mouth.

"Wha... What do you imagine doing next?" she panted.

"Well, after I've gotten you halfway there with my fingers," I growled, my hand rapidly pumping, "I'd bring you over the top like this..."

I spun the chair and pulled her toward me, lowering my head between her legs. I continued pumping my fingers in and out as I started to lick. I licked and licked and licked as she squirmed under my tongue, my fingers still flying. Suddenly she grabbed my head and pulled me in. I sucked hard on her clit, and she exploded.

"Eeeeeaaaahhhh!!! Ohhhh. Oh." She closed her eyes for a few moments, breathing hard. She took a deep breath. Then her eyes popped open, and she hopped off the chair, and stepped to my desk. She bent over, resting her forearms on the desk.

"So, do you ever think about doing me across your desk?"

I just grinned. I stood up and snuggled in behind her. I kissed her neck and tweaked her boobs, my cock nestled between her buns. We were unconsciously humping our hips slightly, and my penis couldn't get any harder.

"Do you need a minute?" I purred in her ear between kisses.

"I'm okay, just keep your hands off my clit. For a while."

I stepped back, and she reached back and spread herself open.

"Can you find your way in?"

"I think I can manage," I said, nudging the head against her sodden opening.

It felt so delicious slowly sliding in. She was so hot and wet and slimy. I pushed in as deep as I could, holding her perfect ass tight against me. She pushed back, rolling her hips, rubbing her sensitive spots against the desktop. I just held her there for a while, all the way in. Then I slowly stroked in and out a few times. Then I paused on the backstroke, then rammed it in hard.

"Ho!" she gasped, "Yes!"

I gave her a few hard thrusts, then went back to gentle strokes for a while. I leaned on her back, reaching around to play with her boobs. Her clit wasn't quite so over-sensitive anymore, and I ran a finger around and around it while gently pumping my hips.

"Mmmm... Ohhhh... Um, unnh, unnh, unnh... Ahhh!"

"I'm, uh," grunt, grunt, "getting..." grunt, grunt, grunt, "close!"

"Oh, oh, oh... Me, eeeh, eeha... too! Oooh, ooh..."

We were back to the hard thrusts now, as we approached the finish line. Julie couldn't hold still with the pounding, and stuff started falling off my desk.

"Ohhhhh!" I could feel her vagina grasping at me, so I pushed all the way in and held it there, drawing out her pleasure with my finger on her clit. I was going to let her finish, then start thrusting again, but she collapsed to her knees, and I popped out. It took a few moments for her to catch her breath, and I plopped down into my chair. She finally lifted her head off the desk and looked at me.

"Are you ready for the big finish?" she said, turning around, still on her knees.

"What'd you have in mind?"

"Well, first I'm gonna stroke you, like this..." she said, wrapping her hand around me and sliding it up and down. It was slippery with her secretions, and the feeling was marvelous.

"Then what?" I said after I was as stiff as I was going to get.

"Then... Then I'm going to put it in my mouth."

And... she did! Sucking, licking, sliding it in and out. Massaging between my balls and my asshole. Tugging, licking my balls. Then sucking me deep while a slimy finger explored my asshole.

"Mmmmmmaaahhh! Oh... ah, and, ahm, what... what are you, uh, gonna do when, uhhh.... when I come?"

She took my penis out of her mouth and looked at me as she rapidly tugged on my throbbing member.

"I'm the one who has to clean up around here, remember? So I'm going to swallow it!"

She dove back onto my cocksicle, taking me as deep as she could. Suck, stroke, suck, stroke.

"Ohhhhh...." That was it, I began to spurt, and Julie just kept on sucking. Suck, squirt, suck, squirt, suck, squeeze, suck.

"Julie, oh, Julie, ohhh... Julie, Julie, Julie..."

"Wow!"

"Oh, Julie, that was something else!"

"Yeah... I thought we were... I thought it was just going to be sex, you know? But that was... Wow!"

"Julie, I... I hope you can work things out with Tony, but... I'll be here if you need me, okay?"

"Oh, I'm definitely gonna need you," she said, then we were kissing again.

Well, I don't know what's going to happen with Julie and Tony. For the time being, they're together. And my wife and I are still together. For the time being. I don't particularly look forward to going home, so I often work late. Especially Thursday nights.