 I was home alone, which was rare, because there was always someone home with me. But my wife had went to work and everybody else was doing something for the week. I got up a little late, took a shower, and when I got out and dried off, I decided to just stay naked which I enjoyed when I could. I made something to eat and checked my email. Then, I started to look at some porn. I was laid back in my recliner with my cock getting nice and hard, as I stroked it to some good fucking I was watching. When suddenly, my wife's friend, Karen, knocked on the front door and came right on in. I had forgotten she might come by to drop off something. I was startled and tried to cover myself, but there were no blankets or anything. I told her I was naked, but she entered anyway. I was trying to hide my hard cock, but I had always admired her large breasts and plump ass which made my cock harder. 

"Sorry for interrupting, but it looks like you could use some help, honey," Karen purred as she sank to her knees. "And, I'm sure you won't mind. Lynn told me how much like my tits and fantasize about them." With those words, she began to swirl her tongue on my cock head, teasing my slit and lapping at the pre-cum that oozed in anticipation. Moaning, she told me how good I tasted as she stretched her lips around my cock and slid my shaft deep into her mouth. I was groaning as she began to work her way up and down my dick, sucking it deeper and harder until I was thrusting against her throat. I could feel my cock quivering and twitching, my balls tensing, and knew I was about to explode in her mouth.

But before I could blow my load, she stopped and said I guess you want to see what you've been fantasizing about. With that, she proceeded to remove her shirt and then her bra which had barely held her massive tits. They were just as I had imagined with big, brown areolas the size of half dollars and thick, hard nipples to match. She then sat up and offered them to me to feast on. As I sucked and nibbled on her nipples, she was moaning with pleasure. 

Karen must have decided she needed to taste my cock some more because she stood up and dropped her shorts and panties showing her glistening wet, bald pussy. And, she got on her hands and knees next to me the couch and started sucking my engorged cock. I reached under her and started to rub her clit and run my fingers down the folds of her pussy. Again, she stopped short of me coming; and as she was about to come herself, she shifted around and fed me that sweet, dripping pussy. I sucked her big clit and ran my tongue up and down her slick slit. She was so wet her cunt honey was running down her ass. Not wanting to waste that precious lube, I took a finger started to tease her asshole. She begged me to push it in, so I fucked her tight ass with my index finger. I started licking lower, dibbing my tongue into her honey hole as she bucked against my face and rammed her ass deeper onto my finger. Removing my finger, I made my way down and started licking and tongue fucking her ass until she was screaming with an orgasm. 

After she caught her breath, I got up and stuck my rock-hard cock in her soaking wet pussy. I fucked her hard, slamming and crushing my cock into her cunt. When I was about to come, she told me to come on her tantalizing tits. As I pulled out and began to shoot my hot load all over her tits, she leaned over and began to lick at the tip of my dick spraying come across her mouth and lips. Then, she pulled her big melons to her mouth began to lick the cum off her nipples as she rubbed the rest into her soft skin. 

We laid there naked for a while before she started to get dressed and said we had to do this again. However, next time it needed to be with Lynn because she wanted to taste Lynn's pussy. The thought of her eating my wife and me fucking them both had me so hard and excited, I shot a load on my stomach before I got up and took a shower. Let's just say, I can't wait for Karen to pay us another visit.