 Ben's wife was on one of her many vacations, while he stayed home and worked. No matter, it was his business, his baby, and he loved to work. But it got lonely in the evenings.

Even when she was home, his wife treated him like a child who needed a mommy, not a man who needed a wife. The subtle jokes at his expense, the barbed comments... And always always deferring sex to "Later, not now, honey..." It was enough to make him crazy. 

So when his neighbor's wife began to flirt with him a little, he found it refreshing, exciting... The forbidden lured him like nothing else. 

Friday evening he was working in his garage as the sun was setting, and suddenly she appeared, wearing cut off jeans and a plaid shirt tied around her stomach. 

"Karla still out of town?" Jessie asked, knowing full well what the answer would be.

"Yep. She's not back until Sunday, and the boys took off for the lake early. I have one more job in Los Angeles tomorrow and then I'll join them," he said, looking over his shoulder at Jessie. "Where's Dan?"

"Oh, he's at work for another few hours...and the kids are scattered too. Guess it's just us around here to enjoy this gorgeous sunset!"

Jessie came closer to the trailer Ben was working on and peered over his shoulder. "What's wrong with the hitch?"

"Oh, it got bent last time we were at the lake. Justin almost jackknifed the trailer with the jet skis and it got a little torqued." Ben turned to find Jessie alarmingly close, looking into his eyes with a twinkle and a smile in hers. "Should be pretty easy," he said, his voice faltering as he noticed her alluring cleavage just inches from his elbow. 

"Good thing I wasn't driving... Those jet skis would probably have ended up at the bottom of the lake," she quipped. 

His mouth suddenly dry, Ben felt his heart start to pound and had an instant of panic. All the harmless flirting they did on line and when the families got together seemed to promise more, and here they were with privacy and opportunity for the "more" to occur.

"Want a beer?" Ben asked quickly, stepping back to avoid brushing her chest with his arm.

"Absolutely. Thanks." He opened the fridge, mouthing "WOW" to nobody as he reached in and found two Coronas, taking a deep breath in the cool refrigerated air before closing the door and turning to face her. 

Jessie was standing right behind him, startling him and nearly causing him to drop the beers. She steadied his hands, took one bottle and popped the top off on the bottle opener mounted on his workbench. Handing him the opened beer she took the second and likewise opened it, then tipped it to her lips drinking a long slow drink of the beer. She continued to gulp and swallow, gulp and swallow, until the beer was more than half empty. 

She took a breath, wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, and sighed, saying, "Ice cold and delicious... I needed that. Thanks!" Then she finished off the bottle and set it down on the workbench. This whole time Ben just stood staring at her, his mouth gaping. "Aren't you going to drink yours?" He blinked and nodded, sucking down his beer as quickly as she had hers. 

"I need another..." Ben said, turning back to the fridge. 

"Hold up," Jessie said, laying a hand on his arm. Her touch burned like a flame and he leapt back, his gaze turning to the garage door, open to the neighborhood. The street was deserted. Turning again to look at Jessie, he was amazed by her steady gaze, looking deep into his eyes. "I want to thank you properly for that beer..." and with that she leaned up on tiptoe and kissed him full on the lips. 

This broke the spell, and he wrapped one arm around her, continuing the kiss as he held her face softly by the jaw and continued to kiss her, tasting the cool, delicious flavor of beer on her lips. 

"Ever had sex on a jet ski?" He whispered in her ear once he'd broken the kiss to hug her close.

"While riding on the water or parked?" was her saucy response.

"Either!" Ben said, laughing, as he backed her up to the jet ski trailer and helped her step up onto the running board. 

"Nope, neither way so far..." She sat up on the jet ski and Ben kneeled between her legs, trapping her with his arms.

"I've been thinking all this time that you were a tease, but I see now that you're just a horny slut..." Ben said to her in a low threatening voice. He reached one hand between her legs to check that her heat and wetness could actually be felt through her cutoff jeans. "Yep, lookee here, you're already wet!" And he leaned in the kiss her again, cutting off her soft sigh as he rubbed his thumb along the groove of her pants seam. 

She spread a little wider for him and he slipped a finger in the pant leg of her cutoff shorts. He immediately found her wet pussy, since she wasn't wearing any underwear. With his fingers he found and manipulated her clit, causing her to writhe and moan. 

"I don't have room to work here," Ben said, unsnapping and unzipping her shorts. She lifted her butt to slip off the flimsy jeans, keeping them around her ankles. 

Ben had already perceived from touching her that she was shaved, but he realized looking at her beautiful V, that she was totally smooth and bare, probably from waxing. He slipped two fingers into her hot, wet box and Jessie thrust her hips closer to him.

Slowly but relentlessly moving his fingers in a "come here" movement, he caressed and massaged the front wall of her pussy, finding her G-spot. She bit her lips and clutched his shoulders as her orgasm built. He then placed his thumb on her clit and steadily encircled it. Her response was to throw her head back and thrust up on his hand... 

He thought she might break his hand off at the wrist, she was writhing so hard. To her credit, she stayed silent the whole time. Ben occasionally snuck peeks over his shoulder out the huge garge door, but the street remained completely silent and deserted.

Jessie rode his hand, and he whispered in her ear, "Go get it, girl, come on... You've got another one coming, don't you, here you go... Gimme your cum... Go after it..." As her tremors subsided and her breathing slowed to normal, Ben removed his hand from her snatch. She grabbed his wrist and brought his hand to her mouth, stuffing into her mouth the fingers that had just been fucking her. "Mmmmm... Wanna taste?" she asked.

Lewdly sucking on his fingers, Jessie never broke eye contact. Ben knew she was silently signaling to him that she'd suck his cock just as skillfully as she was sucking his fingers. For that he wanted to take her into the house. He already knew he'd never be able to look at that jet ski the same way... He'd always see her sitting there, writhing on his fingers as he expertly brought her to orgasm.

Helping her with her shorts, he offered her his hand as she reassembled herself and stepped off the trailer. "Let's get more beer and go inside," he suggested. As they passed the fridge he grabbed two more Coronas and quickly popped the tops off. 

She sucked her second beer down as quickly as she did the first. "Getting drunk, are we?"

Jessie smiled and nodded. "It helps me be bold enough to do what I've been wanting to do for weeks. This may be our only chance."

He led her into the bedroom and shucked off his clothes. She untied her shirt, leaving it on. "You going to get naked too?" Ben asked. "Nope. All you need is my mouth...for now."

She laid him back on the bed and crawled between his legs. He stuffed two pillows behind his head so he could comfortably watch the show. 

Slowly, delicately Jessie brought her tongue to his now straining cockhead and let it slide over the head, then all around it in a wet circle. Her tongue felt electric at the warm sensuous taste of his skin and the hint of precum already oozing from the tip.

Jessie truly enjoyed sucking cock for the sheer sensuality of it, to feel a strong, hard, masculine warmth in her mouth, working it lovingly with her mouth until she was rewarded with creamy salty cum on her face or, better, down her throat. 

She brought her hands to his cock, her left wrapping around the base and her right cupping his heavy balls. Jessie lifted his cock up and ran her wet tongue in a slow, wet luxurious lick from base to head, lingering there to lick the underside of his glans. She pressed her face against the shaft, rubbing the smooth, soft warmth wetness of it all over her face. 

Slowly, Jessie repeated the long lick from base to tip several times, each time her mouth getting wetter. When she finally engulfed his member with her lips and throat, her sticky drool gathered and pooled at the base of his cock. Drawing her mouth up and off him, strings of wet saliva clung between her mouth and his cock, looking as though he had come already. He watched her drool sloppily over his cock and wondered for the hundredth time what made a woman like Jess willing and happy to suck cock like a pro, and what caused a woman like Karla to be such a prude...

Ben and Jessie groaned together in deep satisfaction. Fuck it felt amazing! She loved the reward of the warm, silky smooth cock head gently pulsing in her mouth. 

Slowly Jessie pushed her way down his shaft swallowing as much as she could until his head pressed up against the back of her throat and she slid back up to the tip. Her hand came up to meet her lips and slide on his shaft in the slick saliva her mouth had left coating his cock. Jessie breathed deeply and slid back down his shaft, straining her lips to get a another inch in. Feeling his cock's head press against the back of her throat, she relaxed and let him slip past, sliding completely down her super tight throat..

"Yes, Jessie take that cock for me. Take it... you feel so good, so good."

She began to suck him in earnest now, her hand stroking and twisting up and down the shaft as Jessie swallowed the swollen head, her lips sliding over the ridge and down until it plowed into her throat repeatedly. She began to suck faster and harder.

He wrapped his hands around her head, twisting his fingers into her hair, pulling gently on the tight strands, fucking her face with his hips thrusting, listening to her moaning and slurping. Suddenly he peaked and it was too much, he held her head off him as he exploded, pumping ropes of thick white cream that landed on her face and chest and mouth as well as on his stomach. 

Ben was dazed from the sexy oral show he'd just been treated to. Jessie got up and found a towel in the adjacent bathroom, and wiped up her face and neck, and then offered the towel to Ben to clean his stomach. "I gotta get going... But I hope to see you soon. And I hope this isn't the only chance we'll have to play. But if it is... Thank you... That was amazing." Jessie smiled as Ben stood, shakily, and donned the pair of jeans he'd slipped off earlier. 

"Let me walk you out." They kissed in the doorway again and then Ben opened the door. She turned at the end of the sidewalk and waved.