 I sat at my desk at home, and was having difficulty with getting this particular web page to set up right. It was for a very demanding and fussy customer. Suddenly remembering that you'd offered to help, should I ever have need of it, I pick up the phone and dial your number that I have taped to the front of my monitor. Soon I hear your husky, yet pleasantly deep voice on the other end.

"Hugh? Vicki here. I'm having a dickens of a time with this page for my new, but rather picky client. Could you possibly spare me some time and stop by and help me with this?"

Soft laughter filters down the phone wire and you tell me you can be there in about 25 minutes or so.

"Great! Thank you. By the way, have you had dinner yet?" I steal a quick look at the clock on my monitor and discover it's close to 5:30.

"No, I haven't. I was debating what to have, frankly." Your mind whirls with the possibility of what you'd like to have - but you're just not sure - yet.

"Well, I set a sauce to simmer since lunch, so I only have to set the pasta to water. Would you mind grabbing a bottle of Zinfandel on your way over?"

"No, not at all. I'll leave now. See you in a short bit then." 

With that said, we ring off our connections and you dash to make a few quick changes to your "at home" attire. When you're by yourself, you don't like to wear much, if anything. 

Humming quietly to myself, I get up to check on the sauce; add another glass to the one that is already in the freezer, and fill a pan with water for the pasta. I quickly set my small glass-topped bistro table that's in the alcove off my island kitchen, and then dash off to the other end of the house to change. 

I take a quick three minute shower, and decide to put on my blue Basic Editions pants with the tie waist, and my Blue/White pinstripe Disney blouse w/Mickey on the pocket. I decide to go sans panties, "just in case". Pausing to put on a light swipe of mascara, and a spritz of my most favorite perfume, I slip into sandals, and am just entering the living room as I hear the doorbell.

"Coming Hugh," I call out; having stopped to put some Easy Listening CD's on the stereo. As I approach the door, I see you standing there holding the wine and a white box. Opening the screen wide, I take the box and step back as you enter. Once inside the door, you turn to face me and I give you a soft hug and kiss your cheek. 

"Hi, Cutie," gently kissing and hugging me in return. 

"What on earth have you gone and done? I thought you were only getting wine," laughing gently as I speak. 

"I thought I'd get dessert too while I was out. Will you get the fridge door for me and then I'll open the wine." 

"Okay," I say and smile. Opening the fridge door, as you slip the dessert onto the shelf, I feel you lightly press your body into mine. 

"If you'll carefully open the freezer, you'll find two glasses tucked into the door getting chilled. Would you like some sliced cheese and crackers with the wine? If not, I'll put the pasta water on to boil."

Deciding against the tid bits, we opt for idle chat about our respective days. We found, that as co-workers in the same firm, that the ebb and flow of idle chat between us, tends to be very beneficial when we're having a problem with creating a page for a new site. 

"I hope you're hungry, I've also got a loaf of French Bread warming in the oven; on a low temp." 

I've tried to keep my eyes averted from the crotch of your slacks, but ever since you pressed up against me as you bent to put our dessert in the fridge, I've been finding it was getting to be an increasingly difficult task. 

I was only half listening as I stood and wondered if you were having as difficult a time as I was. I was feeling just slightly damp and had hoped you hadn't noticed. I felt the best thing to do was to busy myself with the pasta and dinner. 

Fifteen minutes later, we were seated at the bistro table, with more Zinfandel. From some where, I note, you'd managed to find a pair of taper candles and had placed them in the holders on the table, and had lit them. 

"Ok," you say between bites, "explain to me what seems to be the problem you're having with this web page. What's giving you the most fits?"

You sit back to listen as I explain, in my not so techy way, wherein lies the crux of the problem. 

As I start to explain, your eyes are drawn from contact with mine, and you find yourself watching my mouth. Your gaze never falters, and you are aware of a small tightening in your pants. You realize, at this signal, that your thoughts have turned to a sexual nature.

You find yourself wondering, moreso now, than at work, what it would be like to feel your cock sliding in and out from between my lips. Feeling another twinge from your "lap", you know you need to straighten yourself; but you daren't for it will only draw attention to your arousal.

"Hugh? Are you all right?" My voice drifts to you through a haze caused by the pounding blood in your hardening cock. All you can do is nod, for you don't trust yourself to speak calmly. 

I get up and stand by your left side as I speak to you, my right hand resting lightly on your left shoulder. As you take a deep breath to speak, your nostrils are filled with the strong scent of musk. You now know for certain, that I'm aroused too. You shift in your chair, and keeping your napkin in your lap, you rise to your feet.

Holding my right hand in yours, you lift it, palm upward to your lips and place a kiss with in the center of my palm. A bolt of raw need sears me to the core as I feel the tip of your tongue brush against my palm in a licking motion. 

You hold my fingers steady as that bolt shoots thru to my fingertips. You do it again, watching with pleasure as my eyelids drift closed and I try, albeit unsuccessfully, to draw my hand away.

You slowly nibble along each finger, just lightly sucking the ends into your mouth and swirling your tongue over them. There is no mistaking your non-verbal message, or the need in your eyes.

Bending slightly at the waist, you blow out the candles and while still holding my right hand in yours, you softly ask me to lead us in the direction of my bedroom. Willingly, I am happy to comply and we stop briefly by the stereo to turn it up, then you walk backwards with me, never breaking our gazes.

Once within my bedroom, you pull me hard against you, leaving me with no doubts about your arousal. You devour my lips, with deep kisses meant to steal my very breath. You let your tongue slip into my mouth, mating with mine, leaving me with no doubt in my mind that you're intent on giving me oral pleasure.

You slowly lift your lips from mine, still not breaking our gaze, and you let your hands work their way up my arms; stopping only to unbutton my blouse. You lean forward again to kiss me, again slipping your tongue within my mouth.

Running it along the roof of my mouth, you slide it back and forth, and in and out. You reach to unbutton my blouse cuffs and then you very slowly, and very deliberately, slide the blouse from my shoulders.

You turn, with my blouse in your hands and hang it on the Valet chair by the closet door. As you start to head back to me, you see the candles on my dresser and nightstand, and you cross the room to light them. 

Soon, soft light, and the scent of warm cinnamon fills the room as you walk back to where I still stand. You stare into my eyes as your hands reach forward to gently caress and stroke my white globes, laid open to your gaze by the removal of my blouse.

Placing your hands gently on my shoulders, you urge me to walk backwards until the back of my knees bump against my bed. You bend and undo my sandals, then slowly, you reach for the tie at the front of my pants.

With a gentle tug, the tie un-ties, and you hook your fingers into the waistband and glide them down past my hips. I now stand naked before you. The scent of female musk is strong in the air. You let the pants fall into a pool of blue at my feet, then bend quickly to pick them up and lay them across the seat of the Valet chair.

Returning to where I stand, naked before you, you scoop me into your arms and placing one knee into the mattress, you lay me down in the middle of my king-size bed. As you make ready to lie next to me, I halt your undressing just by placing my hand flat against your chest.

"Wait, Hugh. I want to feel you as you lay next to me. I want to be able to reach out and close my hand around you as you get harder." 

You kneel before me on the mattress, and I ponder, somewhat out loud, "Let's see now; *thoughtfully* where shall I start? How about right here? *reaching for your belt buckle and slowly unclasping it.*  "And then, I think I'll do this, *slowly unzipping your slacks, and inching them down until they can fall clear of your hips.* 

"Then," with a sly wink, "I think I'll do this," reaching for your bikini briefs, so they can follow in the wake of your pants. Now, I've left your cock and testicles exposed to my gaze. Not to mention exposed to my hands, and my questing fingers. 

Thinking to myself as I gaze at your slowly erecting cock, I'd love to get my fingers, hands, mouth and tunnel on that! You find that you're staring at me as I slowly lick suddenly dry lips, leaving a slight trail of moisture on them.

You suddenly pull me to you again, this time, your tongue ravages my mouth, leaving my lips swollen and tender after your bruising kisses and small bites along the outlines. While our tongues are busily dancing and mating, your fingers rush up and thrust themselves into my waiting wetness that you knew you'd find. 

You give a throaty laugh as I utter a strangled moan at the feel of your thick, long, thrusting fingers, knowing it won't be long before your now fully hard cock follows, or joins, them; creating a different type dance on my senses. 

Slowly removing your fingers from their well, you put your hand around your now fully erect cock, and glide the head excruciatingly slowly up and down along my wet pussy lips; and then in a slow and teasing way, you put just the tip of your engorged cockhead between them. 

You give another low, throaty chuckle when I gasp and make a quick involuntary movement which opens my legs just a bit more to you. You know, just by that slight movement, that I want more of you; so, you move closer and lean into, and against me. This move closer now allows you to slip your engorged cockhead inside those wet pussy lips - slowly and sinuously - an inch at a time. Soon, your cock is completely swallowed up inside those wet walls. 

You pull me against you, hard and fast, in one swift movement, having wrapped one leg around your waist, and draped my other leg over your left shoulder. 

In this position, you find that you can now drive your full nine inch length into me, over and over, repeatedly. You've wanted to put your cock into me like this for a long time now, and you love the feel of my pussy as it surrounds your hardness with liquid. You realize how much you love being inside me. 

First you move quickly; then slowly. Then you thrust deeply on the instroke; and you almost completely withdraw on the outstroke; but you stop right at the base of the cockhead - and, while holding the shaft of your stiff cock, you move your hips back and forth just enough to slide only the cockhead in and out of me.

Then you quickly and deeply drive back into me burying yourself inside my pussy as far as you can. You repeat these movements for what seems to me, to be an endless period of sheer, utter, enjoyment. 

You have been rewarded repeatedly as I cum, over and over; making your stiff cock glisten; and all that can be heard is our ragged breathing that is punctuated by the "squish" from my orgasms, and soft music in the background. 

It is now time for you to cum. You start out slowly, pushing your stiff cock in deeply, and withdrawing it quickly; still just stopping short of its being withdrawn completely. Then you re-enter me quickly again; and repeat this, again and again. You know that the big orgasm I save for last, is getting closer. 

You pull me down onto you, hard, one more time; sending your full nine inches deeply into me. As I feel it push against the bottom of my pussy, I grip it with the muscle inside. Bending over me, you whisper low and harsh against my ear. 

"I want you to cum. Cum for me; for us. I want to cum inside you. I'm going to cum inside you. I want to coat the inside of you with this one. Tell me you want me to fuck you till we cum." 

All I could do was nod, speechlessly. As our gazes locked and held, you started to pump your cock into me faster and faster, deeper and deeper. 

You moved my leg from around your waist, and draped it over your right shoulder now. In such a 'open wide' position as this, you find you can drive far deeper. Your speed and depth increase, cluing me that your climax is near. 

You push deep within me, once, twice and then withdraw just as far as the ridge under your cockhead. Stopping abruptly, you adjust my legs and quickly remove a hand from under one of my shoulders. 

You slip your hand between us and open my pussy lips. While you watch, you thrust your cockhead and shaft deep inside in one swift movement, and start to cum as you enter. 

You press a finger against my swollen nub and continue to thrust; until you've emptied every drop of your hot cum into me. Still you continue to thrust and drive, thrust and drive; hammering into me; each of us content as we listen to the sounds of our joint juices. 

You know another climax is building, you can feel it. In order to aide me in cumming, you slide your finger from my sensitive nub, and put it just under the bottomside of your stiff shaft. You feel our juices as they surround your middle finger. You move them in unison . 

Soon, you feel the familiar gripping of the muscles of my pussy against your cock. You know that the climax is closer, and soon you are rewarded with a flow of liquid as I cum again. You fall against my heaving breast, spent by your efforts and our climaxes. 

Still within me, you roll us to my right, so your right hand is left available to play. Our gazes are still locked. Halting all movement of your cock, finger, and hips, you gently motion me to lay back against the pillows, as you start moving your finger inside me again. 

Your finger, as you move it in and out of my pussy, and across the engorged sensitive clit, has made me orgasm yet again. Quickly you press your advantage and you slip another finger into me as well. You now have two long fingers moving back and forth in my honey jar. 

Content to kneel between my legs, as you move your fingers back and forth, back and forth, bringing me to yet another climax, you are reluctant to remove them; but you want to try something we had talked about over coffee one day. 

I watch as your thoughts play across your features. I wonder what it is you're thinking. I don't have to wait long to find the answer. 

"Vick? Do you have any chocolate?"

"Yes, but what kind of chocolate do you want? I have syrup, semi-sweets for baking, and I have a bag of Kisses somewhere. Why?" I try not to show that I'm finding this a strange request. 

"Because I want to give you a treat. It's something I know has never been done to you before and I want to be the first. Trust me, you'll love it." 

Seeing as how this was all the hint you were going to give me, we get up from the bed and head back to the kitchen. Now, I'm more puzzled than ever, but I know you're not going to be persuaded to tell me more than I need to know. At least not right now. 

Once we're back in the kitchen, I go to the cupboard to the right of the stove, and start my search for the chocolate by moving a few things around. 

"Mmm," you say from behind me, "I love to see your ass when you're in front of me, walking. See what watching your ass did to me?" 

Placing your hands one on each hip, you move your once again hard, cum filled cock, from side to side across the cheeks of my ass. Pressing that same hardness against the crack of my butt, you lean forward and whisper, 

"Bend over further forward, and spread your legs wide. I want to be able to see your pussy." Slipping your left hand between my legs, you open my dripping wet lips. With your right hand, you guide your re-swollen, engorged cock to the opening of my love tunnel. 

Once you have edged the cockhead inside, you drive the rest of your cock and shaft inside in one hard, long push. You groan deep in your throat, as my wetness encloses around you and you feel that strong pulling of my muscle suck you ever inward, deeper. Your balls start to slap against my vulva as you begin to move within me.

"Oh God! You know I love to fuck you this way. I love to feel my cock slide in and out of you in this position. Do you like "doggie-style"? I want to wrap my arms around your waist and pull you down on my cock. But first, I want to do something else. Hand me a chocolate kiss, ok?"

I had no idea as to what you had planned or how you were going to use it, but I handed you a foil wrapped kiss and knew I would find out soon. I barely had time to think when I felt your hands sliding between us. 

"Now, hold your pussy wide open while I put this inside. Then I'm going to eat it out of you." That was all I heard as you were suddenly lifting me onto the kitchen table, and laying me on my back, with my legs draped over your shoulders.

I watched as you first rubbed my clit with the head of your cock, making it swell and rise to meet it. Then you started making a small circular movement with the middle finger of your right hand. Then, slowly moving your right hand down to my wet slit, you placed the kiss on top of my clit, and quickly slid two fingers into my sopping wet velvety well.

Driving fast and deep, you move your fingers from side to side, thus making them enter me at an angle, first right; and then left; then fast and deep; then to the right and left again, you let my orgasm spill out of me. Then I feel your lips suck at my clit and your tongue flicks over my sensitive nub, taking the chocolate kiss with it. You continue to lathe the chocolate flavored juice all over my clit and in and out of my pussy. You continue to fuck me with your tongue as you make me cum again. Grasping the sides of the table, I hang on like a drowning person holds onto a rock, as yet another orgasm leaves my legs shaking and weak. 

As you lean me against the kitchen table for support, you push my legs further apart, and drop to your knees, pushing your face between my spread wide legs, and bury your mouth against my swollen nub. 

You savor the taste of the nectar that flows from me. The scent takes over all of your senses. You look up from between my legs to see if I am watching you feasting at my pussy. Piercing deep into my soul, you know exactly what I want you to do next. Slipping a few fingers inside me, you thrust them deep and hard. Then you back them out, then in; you continue to finger fuck me in this fashion.

Your fingers slide quickly down the wet slit and into my velvet valley, causing me to quiver. Your fingers continue to explore as you look for my g-spot. 

"Oh God! What are you doing?" 

You smile at me and ask me if I like what you're doing. No words are necessary as I glance down at your hand and wonder if you are using some new toy, devised to give me this wonderful sensation. But I see it's just your hand. 

A new, deeper sensation is rocking me now, and I hear you speak, as if from a great distance.

"Cum baby. Cum good and hard for me. This is for you." 

Slowly I return to my body, as if I'd traveled from some great distance. You quickly pick me up and we return to my bed. Laying me down, you climb atop me, and swiftly re-insert your rock hard cock. You don't have to work to obtain your release. Soon it spills forth, into my wett pussy. You collapse against my breasts and roll to the right so that I am atop you.
