 We had known Bryson and his wife Mary for years. When they moved to Florida we sort of lost touch other than the occasional greeting card and even less frequent telephone call. So I was surprised when I got a call from Bryson at my office. Apparently he had accepted a new job and he and his family would be moving to the west coast.

As we talked I found out that they would be driving thru Phoenix on their way to the coast. I immediately invited he and his family to spend the night with us. It took a little persuading, but he finally accepted. It wasn’t till that night when I got home and was telling my wife about it that she gave me the look and asked if I was out of my mind.

“What do you mean? They’re our friends!” I protested.

“Yes they are,” Char (short for Charlyn) replied, “and they have SEVEN kids. Where do you plan on putting them?”

I just stood there and couldn’t think of too much to say. “Well, they’re small – we can put two or three in the bunk beds in the spare room…and, ah..”

“You don’t have a clue do you?” my wife broke in. “Their oldest daughter is 18, the twin boys are 17 - - the youngest is 7.”

The conversation kinda went down hill from there, but my wife finally threw up her hands and said if they didn’t mind sleeping on the floor they were welcome to stay.

The weeks passed and the day they were supposed to leave Florida finally came. Bryson called late that afternoon to tell me that one of their vans had broken down and they were going to have to spend an extra day or two in Atlanta getting it fixed. As it turned out they didn’t reach our place until about 10 PM on Friday.

The two vans had barely stopped in our driveway when the doors opened and kids; dogs and cats came rolling out. Bryson forgot to tell me that along with seven kids they had five dogs and four cats!

We got everyone inside and 20 minutes later the adults were sitting in the living room relaxing over drinks before I got a good look at Mary. She had lost about 30 pounds since I had seen her last. She had also cut her hair short and bleached it white – not blonde – white. Mary was wearing a pair of shorts and a small crop top. She had always had a nice pair of tits, but with the weight loss and the skimpy top she was really showing them off. I found myself staring at her chest more and more.

I excused myself and headed for the kitchen to try and pull myself together. This turned out to be a mistake. When I turned the corner into the kitchen I almost fell over Maggie, Bryson and Mary’s 18-year-old daughter. She was bent over at the waste looking for a snack in the frig. It was an amazing sight!! 

The first thing the kids had done when they got in was to change into their swim suites and head for our pool. Maggie was ‘almost’ wearing a neon orange thong bikini that disappeared into one of the cutest butts I’d ever seen. My cock began to twitch as I stood there watching her sway from foot to foot as she decided what she wanted to snack on - - I knew what I wanted to snack on, but figured I’d be in big trouble if I tried.

Stepping around Maggie I cleared my throat and said hi.

Maggie straightened up and turned around. “Hi yourself!” she said as she broke into a big grin. “I love your pool! I’d do a-n-y-t-h-i-n-g to have a pool like that at our now house.”

I just stood there staring at her. Maggie had the same hairstyle and color as her mom. She also had a beautiful set of tits that were barely covered by two small patches of neon orange material. Her nipples were hard as rocks, probably from the effects of the cold refrigerator, pushing little peaks in the thin bikini material

After several seconds of drooling over this beautiful young thing I pulled my eyes up from her chest to her smiling face. “Ah, yeah, we really like the pool too.” I stammered and began to feel my face turn red. I knew she had caught me staring at her tits. 

“It’s a great place to relax and catch some sun.” I mumbled, hoping to get past my embarrassment. 

“Yeah I’ll bet” Maggie said. “It’s so secluded – I’ll bet you skinny dip all the time, don’t you?”

Again I just stared at her. Images of Maggie naked by the pool floated thru my mind. My cock immediately began to rise as the images became more graphic. 

“Well - - -ah - - - - yeah I guess - - - I mean yeah you could - - I mean we’ve never tried it but I guess you could.” I felt like a teenager, tongue tied and unable to do anything but stare and stammer.

Maggie chuckled as she said, “I didn’t mean to embarrass you. It’s not like I’m asking you to drop your shorts or . . . “ It was at this point that Maggie dropped her eyes to my crotch and say the sizable bulge my 8 inch cock had made in my shorts.

We were now both embarrassed. I turned away and began looking for something on a shelf. Maggie gave her head a shake and turned back to the open refrigerator to continue looking for something to eat for a couple minutes than walked out of the kitchen without saying anything else. I stayed in the kitchen for a good 10 minutes waiting for my cock to return to normal. By the time I had gotten control of myself everyone had moved out to the pool.

My wife and Mary spent the rest of the evening catching up on the last few years while Bryson and I sat by the pool drinking beer and doing the same. I couldn’t help but stare at Maggie as she splashed around the pool with her brothers and sisters. They were in and out of the pool, running around laughing, chasing each other – being normal kids. The big difference was that Maggie was sexy as hell to begin with and the first time she popped out of the pool I saw that her little bikini was almost transparent when it got wet. I could clearly see her nipples thru the skimpy top. 

Bryson followed my gaze as I watched Maggie climb out of the pool about 5 feet from us, raise her arms above her head stretch. “She’s turning into quite a looker, isn’t she?” He asked.

“What?” I looked from my friends face to his daughter’s tits and back. “Oh yeah, Maggie’s really growing up fast isn’t she.”

“Faster than I care for” he sighed, “She’s 18 now and has a mind of her own. Mary and I are having a hell of a time trying to keep her focused on school. All she wants to do is party with the boys.”

I saw the sad expression on my friends face, but looking back at Maggie’s ass twitch as she walked away from us I couldn’t help but think that I’d like to party with her myself.

By midnight everyone except Bryson and I had gone inside. We continued to talk about his new job, the trip and the problems they had so far. Bryson looked very tired so I asked why not take a day off from driving and spend the weekend with us?

He thought about it for a minute and agreed that it would probably be best. He knew Mary was about burned out from the 10-hour days on the road. A little while later he excused himself and headed into the house. I said good night to him and sat on the lounge chair nursing my beer and thinking about all that had happened that evening.

I must have dozed off because the next thing I knew I woke up as someone dove into the pool. I was disoriented for a few seconds, then looked at my watch to see that it was 3AM. I had been asleep for over an hour. The pool lights had turned off automatically and the only light came from the small standing lights along the sidewalk. Looking over, I could barely make out the shape of someone swimming underwater toward the far end of the pool and vaguely wondered who had decided on a late night swim.

Stretching, I yawned and rubbed the sleep out of my eyes as my toes felt around trying to find my flip-flops. As I stood up a voice from the pool asked, “Oh Jack, give me a hand getting out please?”

When I pivoted toward the sound of the voice I saw just the top of a head covered with white hair. Assuming it was Bryson’s wife I said, “Sure Mary, glad to help.” And lowered my hand toward her.

A wet hand snaked up to meet mine and as I gave a tug I heard “Thanks for the help, but I’m Maggie not Mary.”

Just as I had earlier in the evening, I stood rooted to the concrete, staring at Maggie unable to say anything, my mouth hanging open. My best friend’s daughter was completely naked; apparently Maggie had decided to try skinny-dipping.

After what seemed like 5 minutes but was more like about 5 seconds Maggie chuckled and said, “you can let go of my hand now.” That was the first time I noticed that I hadn’t released her hand after helping her out of the pool.

I dropped her hand like it was a snake. “Oh, I’m sorry. I just didn’t expect…. I mean I wasn’t expecting to see… I mean you surprised me by being…”

Maggie suppressed another giggle as she placed two fingers of her right hand on my lips. “It’s OK, I guess I did kind of surprise you dressed like this. Or maybe I should say un-dressed like this.”

So many things happened at once, her fingers felt like fire against my lips, I inhaled her soft scent as sheer lust rocked thru my brain. My cock stiffened to its full length and threatened to break the zipper of my pants. My mouth opened on its own as I sucked Maggie’s fingers into my mouth.

Her eyes opened wide as my tongue played with her soft fingers. A soft chuckle fell from her lips and it looked like she was about to say something when her gaze dropped to the huge tent in my shorts. 

Maggie’s eyes went wide again, “Oh my God! That thing looks huge!!” This had the effect of making my cock grow even more as my ego went nuts as my eyes dropped to look at my tented shorts.

We both looked up and into each other’s eyes. Maggie grinned at me than gave me a little wink as her free hand snaked out to lightly touch my cock thru my shorts. I pushed her fingers out or my mouth with my tongue and brought my hands up to caress her beautiful tits. They were gorgeous, about a C cup the areolas had puckered from the water and were about the size of a quarter and her nipples stood out like pencil erasers.

As I squeezed her nipples between my thumb and index finger Maggie let out a little gasp and pushed her tits into my hands. Her fingers, which had been gently been rubbing the length of my cock, now circled and grabbed my cock thru my shorts. I moaned and lowered my lips to hers.

Our tongues fought each other for supremacy curling and twisting around each other. Maggie’s hands moved up to the waste band of my shorts, pushing them out of the way. Her fingers felt like fire as she wrapped both hands around my now freed cock and began to slowly slide up and down its length.

Lust now filled my brain. I pulled her into me hard, feeling her nipples dig into my chest. I sucked and nipped at her tongue as I ground my hands into her ass cheeks forcing her against my cock.

“You make me so hot”, Maggie hissed as she pulled away from me and dropped to her knees, “and you’ve got a huge fucking cock.” She grabbed my cock again and pointing the head towards her mouth shoved the first 5 inches into her mouth and down her throat. 

It felt like I had shoved my cock into hot lava. My knees went weak and it took all my willpower to keep from shooting my load at that instant.

“OH FUCK that feels sooo good.” I moaned as I began to fuck her face with my cock, tangling my fingers in her short white hair I pulled her head down to meet each thrust of my cock. I knew I shouldn’t be doing this to my best friends teenage daughter – I didn’t care. I knew I was being too rough – I didn’t care. I knew I was going to shoot cum down her throat any second – I didn’t care. All that mattered was the extreme pleasure I was feeling as my cock disappeared into Maggie’s mouth.

My orgasm hit me like a Mac truck; no warning just all of a sudden what felt like gallons of hot cum was shooting out of my cock. I felt dizzy as bright points of light shot before my eyes. My knees were about to give out and I reached out to the lounge chair to help support my weight. 

The next thing I knew I was sitting on the lounge chair staring up at a cloudless black sky. Everything that had happened in the last few minutes came back to me in a rush. I waited for her to start screaming, imagining what would happen after that as both families rushed out to find out what happened. 

But, there were no screams. I pulled my eyes down to look at Maggie. Rather than the tears and horrified look I expected she was kneeling between my legs with a Cheshire cat grin on her face.

“Boy, you about blew the back of my head off when you came!” she chirped as she licked a few stray drops of my cum from her lips. “Do you always cum that much or has it just been a while?” she asked in a rather matter of face voice. Then as the grin floated back across her lips she added, “Or is it just me?”

It tool me a few seconds for my poor foggy brain to process what she had said and to comprehend that I wasn’t going to jail nor was I going to be beaten into a bloody pulp by my best friend. When I finally was able to speak I smiled back at Maggie and said, “It must have been you. You inspired me.” This caused Maggie to break out into laughter. She quickly glanced at the house as she covered her mouth with her hands as she tried to control herself.

I had caught my breath by now and my cock was telling me there was a gorgeous young girl in front of me that I had to have. Reaching down I lifted Maggie and myself to our feet. Turning her around I sat her down on the lounge chair as I sank to my knees.

“My turn,” I whispered as I gently pushed her legs apart and got my first good look at her shaved little cunt. I could see tiny drops of moisture all along her slit and knew she was ready. Reaching forward I opened the lips of her pink cunt with my thumbs and slid my tongue into her hot pussy.

“Aaaahhh yyyeeessss,” Maggie hissed as her eyelids closed and her hands came up to the back of my head. Taking this as a sign that she liked what I was doing I flicked her little clit with my tongue then thrust it as deep as I could into her hot cunt. Maggie went rigid as my tongue burrowed into her tight cunt. She grabbed my head and pulled my face hard into her sopping slit. 

“Oh shit. Don’t stop!!” she whaled, “ Eat my cunt! YES!! That’s it!! Fuck my hot little pussy with your tongue.”

My tongue was so deep into her that my nose was bumping against her clit. I reached up and shoved two fingers from one hand under my tongue and into her cunt while I pinched her clit with the other.

She began to shake all over as her first orgasm swept over her body. I could feel her pussy muscles squeeze my fingers and tongue. By now my cock was as hard as stone. I gave her a few more seconds of pleasure as I moved up resting on my toes. Then in one fast fluid move I ripped my fingers and tongue from her cunt, pulled her hips down to the edge of the lounge chair and held her there while I shoved my cock into her tight cunt.

We were both frozen by the intense pleasure. I had never felt anything so tight around my cock in my life. I could feel each ripple as her cunt convulsed around my cock. After a while I pulled back till just the head of my cock was in her than rammed my full length into her, bumping my cock head against her womb.

“Fuck ME!” she said in a horse whisper as her hips began to rock against my cock. “God damn it shove that big cock of yours in my little pussy RIGHT NOW.”

I was happy to oblige and began to ram my cock into her as hard as I could. My balls began to slap against her turned up ass as I bottomed out in her hot cunt. Maggie was in what appeared to be a constant orgasm as wave after wave gripped her body only to be replaced by the next even more intensive orgasmic wave.

My balls were beginning to burn and I knew I wouldn’t last much longer. “Gonna cum.” I groaned as I pulled her cunt into my cock. “Gonna cum soon.”

“Yes, shoot your hot cum into me.” Maggie hissed. “It’s OK, I’m on the pill and I want that horse cock of yours to fill me up with cum.”

That did it, and for the second time in less than an hour it felt like my entire being was going to be sucked thru my cock as I shot load after load into Maggie’s hot cunt.

We fell against each other, completely exhausted, both of us gulping air in ragged breaths. Both covered in sweat that rolled off our bodies onto the lounge chair and dripped onto the cement underneath. Some time later I looked up to see Maggie staring at me with a far away look and that Cheshire cat grin.

“What?” I asked.

“That was the best fuck I think I’ve ever had.” Was her reply as she leaned over and gave me a gentle kiss on the end of my nose. “God damn, I have never been so thoroughly fucked in my life!”

Smiling at her I replied, “Like I said – you inspire me.” I picked myself up off the concrete and sat next to her on the lounge chair. “that was the best fuck of my life too, and I’ve been fucking a whole lot longer than you have.”

Maggie chuckled a little, “Yeah, that may be so.” She slowly stood up on wobbly legs, “I need to get inside and get some sleep.” She said as she slowly began to walk toward the house. About half way to the pool gate she stopped and looked over her shoulder. “You know, I think I’m coming down with something.” A grin crept across her face, “Yeah, I’ll bet ya I’ll be too sick to travel and we’ll have to spend two or three more days here.”

And with that she walked inside. I sat there shaking my head for a couple minutes before I got up and retrieved my shorts. As I slipped them on and headed for the house I was wondering how Maggie and I could get away from everyone tomorrow…..