 I've known Janette for about 15 years, having met her through her husband Steph, who I hired to work in a store that I owned back then. They both became friends over the years, but they live upstate so we didn't see Steph as often as we saw Janette, who is a freelance musician working in the city regularly. She stops by to visit often after shows for drinks and conversation about the music business which my wife and I used to be involved in. My wife, who is also a flight attendant, is away from home a lot so Janette is often visiting just me.

Janette is a very sexy and attractive brunette with extremely short hair who keeps herself in great shape. She has lovely medium-sized but full breasts, a flat belly and a nice curvy, firm ass. She's smart and friendly and sexy and there's always been an undercurrent of sex in our friendship. We're both very highly-sexed individuals, so of course over the years the conversations inevitably turned to sex. Janette and her husband have had an open marriage for years, and she's told me about her adventures outside the marital bed many times. These conversations were always graphic and always got me aroused.

Over the last few months, our sex talk was getting more and more heated and we even watched a few porn videos on my computer when she asked me where to find some good porn on the internet. I was sitting there, watching some hot action on the screen while sliding my hand into my pants to sneakily stroke my cock, which was always hard when Janette was around. She laughingly told me to stop doing that, and we went off on another conversational tangent. Of course, after she left I replayed our conversations in my head and jerked off frantically all over my desk.

One night, when my wife was out of town, Janette stopped by after one of her gigs in the city. We started drinking tequila and toking a little weed, and really got good and ripped. We wound up at the computer for one reason or another, and I eventually put up one of the good porn sites that I know about. We watched and commented on some scenes, and then a really hot one got both of us totally focused on the screen for a long while. I had my hand down the front of my sweats once again, and my dick was like a piece of wood when I heard Janette sort of mumble something. I asked her what she said, and turned to her and was totally blown away when I saw her pants and panties around her ankles; her feet up on another chair, and her fingers dancing in her neatly trimmed pussy. She said something like "I need to see it now" while staring at the outline of my stiff cock in my pants. Damn.

I sat back, watching her fingers stroking, and pulled my dick out of my sweats. Shit, I was as hard as iron, watching Janette fingering herself while she watched me stroking myself. I've always been a bit of an exhibitionist, so I got into it and started to give her a little show. I love to show my stiff cock to a woman -- it just excites the hell out of me - and seeing Janette masturbating while she stared at my dick drove me crazy. I stood up, took off my pants and turned to her, bringing my hot dick up close to her face. Her eyes were half closed -- we were both totally smashed -- and she whipped her pussy into a steamy froth while I jerked off inches from her face. She asked me to turn the monitor a little so she could see the video better, and I sat down and turned it. The on-screen action got super hot -- I don't remember what it was exactly -- and I was stroking like a monkey in the zoo. 

I looked over at Janette and saw that her eyes were glazed and she was breathing heavily -- she was close to coming. I was so fucking hot at that point that I stood up, tore off my shirt and got up close to her again -- naked and stroking my hot dick like a madman. I wiped the tip of my finger across the head of my cock to get a drop of my juice and put it up to Janette's lips. I rubbed the slippery moisture all over her lips, then she licked her lips and sucked my finger into her mouth, which drove me insane. I took another short look at the computer, and felt myself tipping over the edge. I tilted her face to me and slipped my dick between her lips while I started spurting my hot cream into her mouth. She began to come as soon as she tasted the first gush of it in her hungry little mouth. She started screaming around the cock in her mouth, one muffled scream for each spurt into her tight wet mouth as she came. It felt like I came for an hour, fucking her face like I always wanted to, unloading my balls straight into her warm wet mouth. She sucked me dry and swallowed every drop.

After we calmed down a little, we sort of smiled embarrassed little smiles at each other, said "wow" and got ourselves dressed. Janette went home shortly after that, but I couldn't help jerking myself off again after she left, thinking about the whole erotic encounter. It was so fucking hot that every time I think about what happened, I have to get myself off again. There hasn't been a repeat performance, but I'm pretty sure something's going to happen again...