 I met her on her day off at her studio under the pretense of getting a relaxing massage, though we both knew what the real purpose of our meeting was: to fuck each other's brains out. We had gone to high school together and had recently re-connected, and quickly found ourselves highly attracted to each other. This wouldn't have been a problem if not for the fact that we are both married now. As it is, this fact only made me want her even more. You see, I love sex with married women. The fact that she is on the plus side only increased my desire for her as I love big beautiful women as well, especially when they are as beautiful as she is, and believe me, she really is beautiful. 

I honestly had no sexual intensions towards her when we initially re-connected, but she is so beautiful and a flirtation developed so quickly that within days I was fantasizing about her constantly and masturbating daily. Our flirtation quickly turned into sexting; sharing our mutual fantasies and desires for each other, as well as explicit pictures. By the time we finally met up, I practically had the entire sexcapade mapped out in my head. That it went down pretty much as I had imagined it did not lessen the excitement or pleasure of it in the slightest. In fact, if anything, it was even better than I thought it would be. 

She told me to undress completely and lay down on her special hand crafted spa bed while she left to "get things ready." I was so excited and couldn't keep my hands off of myself, stroking my cock till I was stiff as a board. When she returned she was wearing nothing but black lace boy shorts and a sexy black corset. She immediately noticed my rock hard erection, giggled and said, "Well I guess you're ready!" Walking over to me with a sly, sexy look on her face, she took my cock in her hand and gently began stroking it. She then bent over and began licking her tongue up and down the length of my six inch shaft before sucking the tip of my cock into her mouth. 

I gasped as I felt her mouth take me in and reveled at the sight of her lips wrapped around my throbbing cock. I loved watching it slide in and out of her mouth and she looked so sexy with a full mouth, gazing up at me with those beautiful eyes. It was clear she knew what she was doing as she expertly worked her tongue, mouth, and hands together, stroking me with one hand and caressing my balls with the other. It felt so fucking good and I moaned loudly, especially when she slid her middle finger into my ass. All I wanted to do was fill her mouth with my hot cum, and it didn't take long before I had my wish, shooting a huge load down her throat which she swallowed completely. 

She smiled down at me with a faux innocent look and asked, "I guess you liked that?" 

"Are you fucking kidding me?" I asked her in return. Getting up from the bed I told her to take her corset off and lay down. "It's your turn now," I said. She did as I asked, exposing her incredible breasts to me, and then kissed me deeply. I could taste myself on her tongue and it gave me a rush. As we embraced I caressed her tits and pinched her hard nipples causing her to catch her breath. She laid down on the bed and I bent over to suck on her pink nipples. She instantly began moaning as I suckled, nibbled, and licked her wonderfully hard cherries. I loved how hard they were. I could already feel myself starting to get hard again. 

As I sucked on her nipples, I reached a hand down inside her lace panties. Her body stiffened as my fingers touched her clit and rubbed her wet slit. God how I love a wet pussy so much, and her pussy was soaking wet already. I wanted to taste her badly, and to make her cum in my face. I kissed my way down her delightful belly and licked her clit through the soaked lace fabric. She moaned louder and begged me to take her panties off, and I was only too happy to oblige her. Her bare waxed pussy was absolutely gorgeous. She looked amazing laying there, naked with her legs spread wide and I immediately dove in, driving my tongue deep inside of her, savoring the taste of her sex. She was absolutely delicious and I couldn't get enough. But the key to a woman's orgasm is through her clit so I quickly began to concentrate my efforts with my tongue on her hardened love button, while simultaneously sliding a pair of fingers inside her. She went wild with that, thrusting her pussy in my face and grabbing my hair and pulling me as close as she could. I could tell she was as worked up as I had been and wouldn't last long before she came. I then pulled my middle finger out of her pussy and slid it into her ass, which drove her fucking crazy. 

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck!" she screamed over and over as my tongue diddled her clit and my fingers worked in and out of both her pussy and her ass. I wanted badly for her to cum hard and moments later, I got my wish as she exploded in my face, literally. She had told me that she actually squirted on occasion and I was hoping this would be one of those times, and to my great delight, it was. She very literally came all over my face, gushing her sex juice into my mouth. It was the hottest thing I'd ever experienced and when she was done cumming, I was once again hard as a fucking rock. Having made her cum on my face, I was now intent on making her cum again, this time all over my cock. 

I climbed up onto the custom built spa bed and positioned myself above her and kissed her again, this time giving her a taste of herself and she responded by sucking her juices from my goatee. She was a great kisser. I loved how she kissed me; very soft and wet without being sloppy wet. She wrapped her arms around me and pulled me closer and we kissed passionately for several minutes, our bodies pressed tightly together and grinding against each other. 

She soon reached down and took my cock in her hand, guiding it inside of her. She was absolutely soaked and I slid easily inside of her, gasping as I did because it felt so good. Her pussy felt simply amazing, so warm and as soft as velvet. Gradually I began to work myself inside her, and then back out right to the tip of my cock, before sliding back in all the way. I fucked her slowly like that for about 15 minutes, kissing her passionately as my aching cock filled her throbbing pussy. I kissed her lips, her chin, her neck, making my way down to her nipples, all the while fucking her slowly, and taking my time. I was definitely in no rush for this to be over. 

She moaned softly as I nibbled on her hardened nipples while I slowly and deliberately penetrated her. "Oh fuck that feels so good," she whispered softly into my ear. "I fucking love how your cock feels inside me. Please don't stop!"

The sound of her moaning and groaning, combined with the look on her face, was driving me wild with lust. She looked and sounded almost as good as she felt, and we were only just getting going at this point. Gradually I began to pick up the pace, fucking her harder and faster, and she got louder and louder as I did. We settled into a perfect rhythm together with her thrusting her hips forward to meet my pounding cock, her hands on my ass pulling me towards her. Damn this woman knew how to fuck! I would pull all the way out to the very tip of my cock and then slam back into her hard and deep. She would let out a little cry with each thrust, "Yes!...Yes!...Yes!" and she was soon begging me to fuck her harder and harder. "Fuck me baby, fuck me hard! Harder! Harder!! Fuck your cock feels so good so deep! Fuck my pussy hard and deep!! Oh fuuuuckkkkk!!" She was screaming at the top of her lungs.

It was a good thing I'd just cum in her mouth or I doubt I'd have lasted very long with her looking and sounding so good, but after about 15 more minutes of fucking her like that, I decided I needed her from behind and pulled out of her, telling her to roll over. She did as instructed, facing away from me, ass up and face down, pleading with me to fuck her some more. "Please baby, fuck me! I need your cock inside me again now! Please!!"

Her ass looked so good in front of me like that that I had to have a quick taste. I leaned over and licked her from behind, tasting her pussy first, then licking up her slit to tickle her puckered little asshole with my tongue. This drove her crazy. "Oh God yes! Fuck! That feels good!!" she cried out as I tongued her ass. She reached a hand up underneath herself and started diddling her clit while I licked her ass. "Fuck baby, I need you to fuck me now! Please, I need your cock inside of me, please!" Her voice was filled with wanton lust. 

I love how women look when they are getting fucked from behind, and she was no different. I slid my thick six inches back inside of her doggy style and began pounding her hard, spanking her ass as I did, eliciting more cries of joy from her. After a few minutes, I slid my thumb into her ass. This really got her going. It was almost too much for me to take and I had to slow down to keep from coming. I really wanted this to last. Meanwhile she was really working her clit while I slid in and out of her and I could tell she was getting close again.

I was working my cock into every crevice of her drenched pussy and she was really bucking back hard on my cock. My thumb was fucking her ass at the same time and suddenly she was cumming hard and once again squirting her juices, this time all over my cock. I responded by fucking her as hard and deep as I could and in response her orgasm seemed to last for minutes. In fact, she told me later it was the longest, hardest climax she'd ever had. Her sexual bliss sounded so heavenly that I simply couldn't take any more and I blew my own load deep inside of her, filling her pussy with my hot cum. 

Afterwards we collapsed together and I laid next to her, my cock still inside of her, for about 20 minutes. As I said, it went down pretty much exactly as I fantasized it would, but it was even better than I imagined it might be. The great thing is, sex between two people is never as good the first time as it is once those two people get to know each other. Boy I can't wait to really get to know her.