 You have no idea how special you are to me, do you? You entered my life as though you were an angel, seemingly knowing that I needed someone. Our friendship blossomed overnight, quickly feeding my soul. Until you, I was slowly dying on the inside, unsure of what tomorrow would bring and not really caring. 

In those early days, you would often stop over at my place first thing in the morning as soon as you got off of work. We would sit and talk for hours sharing our deepest thoughts over a fresh pot of coffee. It was those early conversations that have brought us to this moment…. 

Twenty minutes ago, just after the morning sun set on the horizon, you drove up expecting our morning conversation. I had long ago begun to rely on these special moments with you, cherishing them more with each passing day. I watch out the window as you get out of your truck, your long legs taking long strides towards my door. You let yourself in as you have come to do, a knock no longer being necessary. You find me in the kitchen standing in front of the window taking notice of the dreamy look in my eyes. You quietly walk up behind me, placing your lips to my ear and softly whisper hello into my ear. 

I come out of my dream and whisper hello in return as I grab our coffee off the counter. You follow me to the couch and we take our normal positions, sit side by side, allowing no distance between us. We begin to talk softly, your hand gently caressing my leg. We talk mostly about your night at work. It becomes obvious to me that you have had a long night and are in much need of some relaxation I look into your eyes noticing your tired state has taken away much of the gleam that is normally there. You are so very tired, yet you appear tense as well. I gently remind you that this might be a good time for you to take me up on the massage I have been promising you. You smile in agreement as you slowly move to the floor and sit between my legs. 

I place my hands on your shoulders and begin to press my fingers deep in to the muscles. I move my hand to your neck and gently caress the tight muscles that I find there. I begin to slowly pull your hair softly in an effort to wake up each nerve ending. I return my hands to your shoulders, slightly moving them lower as I try to tug on your T-shirt. You reach down and pull your shirt over your head, allowing my hands to get direct contact with skin.

My hands continue to massage your shoulders, feeling the tension slowly dissipate. Your muscles in your neck begin to relax as your head slowly falls back. I move my hands to the front of your throat as I softly caress your skin. My hands glide across your chin, over your cheeks, as I place a gentle kiss above your brow. I touch my lips to yours ever so slightly but just for the briefest of moments. 

I return to your shoulders once more, gently pushing your body a bit farther away from the couch and me. My hands sliding down past your shoulders to your back. As your body continues to relax I hear a soft moan escape your lips. I push you forward slowly until you are lying on your stomach. I stand above you, straddling your body. I sit on your ass softly as my hands begin to massage your back once more. I massage deeply, first your back, then shoulders, followed by your arms and returning to your lower back. I move my hands to your sides, gently caressing as I bend over and place my lips to your ears. I whisper in your ear that I want you to roll over, you do so. 

I straddle you again, though this time I am on your thighs trying to keep my weight on my knees. I begin once again by massaging your chest, savoring the feeling of your warm skin under my fingertips. My hands begin a journey lower towards your stomach. I move my lips to your chest, softly taking one of your nipples in my mouth. I gently roll it between my teeth, nibbling on it gently. I pull my mouth away and continue my journey lower, spending a sweet moment kissing your abdomen. 

I move my hands to the waist of your jeans as I search for the button. I quickly discover its location. I quickly undo it and the zipper soon follows. My hands begin to pull your jeans lower, slowly exposing your briefs to my hungry eyes. I continue to push your pants lower, exposing your now bare thighs to my stare. I lower myself touching my lips to your legs, gently kissing, as I remove your pants completely. My hands return to your briefs, as I study the outline of your stiff cock. I take my fingers and slowly insert them into the waistband quickly pulling them down, exposing yourself to me entirely. 

I smile knowing exactly what I want. I lower my lips to your cock but stop just short of touching my lips to the hardened tip. Instead only allowing my warm breath to make contact with your soft skin. Your cock gently bounces in response. I open my mouth allowing only my tongue to pass my lips. I gently touch that small portion of my tongue ever so gently to the tip of your hardening cock. I lick your cock so softly that it is almost undetectable. My tongue savors the sweetness of your skin, I open my mouth in response, hungry for more. I open my mouth wider, taking your cock in farther as my hand reaches and grab your balls. I hear you softly moan which only encourages me to do more.

I press your cock deep into my mouth until you press firmly against the back of my throat. My instinct is to gag, but I resist. Instead I force my muscles to relax as I press you in farther. Suddenly I remove your cock from the depths of my throat, only allowing the tip to remain. I repeat the process several times. Each time hearing your moans become louder as your balls become heavier in my hand as they fill with hot cum. I bring you to the edge but then I stop, keeping you there and prolonging your pleasure. 

At this point I stand and slowly begin to remove my clothing. My shirt has several buttons, which allow me to take my sweet time. As I remove my shirt I take my hands and rub them softly over my skin. I allow the shirt to fall to the floor as I guide my guide my hands to my breasts. I quickly remove my bra and release my breasts. My hands gently trail over my nipples as they become harder and take a more erect appearance. I press my hands firmly against the underside of my breasts, raising them to my mouth. I guide my right hand away from my breast, down my stomach, to the waist of my jeans. My fingers travel into my jeans, below my panties and finally into my wet pussy. I moan as I touch my clit, feeling my wetness cover my fingertips. I carefully remove my hand and raise it to my lips so that I can suck off each drop of my juices.

I take my hands and hurriedly undo my pants. I step out of them slowly, giving you the chance to mesmerize each inch of my exposed flesh. I place my thumbs into the waist of my panties and quickly take them down, allowing them to fall to the floor. I stand above you once again as I straddle your body.

I position myself so that I can easily take your cock into my mouth once more. I open my lips pushing my tongue aside to make room for your hard cock. The warmth of your cock warms my entire being. I take this moment to lick off the pre-cum that has accumulated. I hear you moan once again, as you place your hands on my shoulders, urging me to move my body. I move so that my wet pussy is only inches from your hard cock. I press my pussy against you, not allowing your cock access. I rub my clit against the side of your hard cock leaving your cock moist. I lower my body to yours, my pussy lying directly over your hard cock. My hands are on your shoulders as you suddenly roll us over, taking control. I am on my back beneath you, my legs spread wide. Your cock is so close to my pussy that I can feel heat warming my skin. I smile up at you as I begin to beg you to put your cock deep into me. 

You chuckle softly and as a sign of refusal you begin to move your body lower. Your lips touch mine and begin a journey lower, over my neck, gently touching my shoulders and then finally to my breast. Your mouth takes in a nipple, softly sucking it into your mouth and rolling it between your teeth with the help of your warm tongue. 

I moan as I run my fingers through your hair. I add pressure, in an attempt to press you lower but you resist. You continue to suck on my sensitive nipples as you listen to my moans of desire. Your lips finally being to make a trail towards lower areas of my body. You travel from my breasts, to my stomach, to my inner thigh, You have completed this journey without a touch, allowing only your warm breath to alert me to your mouths location. Suddenly without warning your lips make contact with my wet pussy. I moan loudly not from surprise but from sheer pleasure. You take your hands, opening up my pussy slightly, exposing my clit to you. You are impressed with how hard and in need of attention my clit appears to be. First you softly press one finger into me, feeling the softness of my folds and touching the wetness. You slowly lower your mouth closer. Your lips make contact with my clit, gently at first, then with much more force. You take my clit between your lips softly sucking. A soft moan from my throat tells you just how much pleasure you are giving me. 

I begin to beg you to fill me; I need you inside of me. You continue to suck on my clit as my sweet juice pours into your mouth. I reach down with my hands, grabbing at your shoulders, in an attempt to get your cock into my pussy. You resist and continue to pleasure my wet pussy. I feel an orgasm building, starting at my knees and slowly moving towards my throbbing clit. I lift my hips as my orgasm approaches causing my pussy to press firmly against your face. My body begins to quiver as my climax begs to be released. As you hear my moans become louder you move your tongue faster releasing my orgasm and taking in each drop of my juices. 

After drinking in all of my juice, you finally remove your mouth from my clit and begin your quest up my body once again as you leave a trail of my juices behind. Slowly you pass over my breasts leaving kisses in your wake. Your lips finally reach mine and kiss me deeply as I wrap my arms around your neck and we share my sweet juice. 

My legs are spread beneath your hips your cock gently pressed against my wet pussy. I whisper to you that I need you, that I want to feel you inside me. You kiss me deeply once more as you suddenly thrust your cock deep within me, my pussy opening to allow you entrance. You fill me perfectly as I wrap my legs around your waist and pull you farther into me. Your mouth is pressed against my neck, softly sucking on my throat, as you pound your hard cock into me, it feels heavenly. I beg you to give me your cock faster and harder, you do so. The sound of your cock slamming into my pussy is loud though it can hardly be heard over my moans of pleasure. I feel my orgasm building. First in my knees, traveling up through my thighs. My body feels like it is on fire. I warn you that I feel my climax building, I want us to cum together. Your speed quickens as my hands massage the sweat that is on your back. I beg you to cum with me, you assure me that you will. You begin to moan as I feel your balls hit my pussy. I feel your cock pulsate inside of me and the sensation sends me over the edge. Your hot cum begins to fill me and our moans intertwine. 

You continue to slowly move ever so slowly as your cum continues to fill me. You reluctantly begin to stop all movement and lie still on top of me. Your cum is now mixed with my own as it slowly drips from my pussy, forming a small puddle beneath my ass. 


We lay there for some time, with you on top of me with my arms around you. Slowly you roll us over so that you can remain in me. As we lie side by side, there are smiles on each of our mouths, and a feeling of peace between us... *sigh*