 It had been a good year at work, and Caitlyn was thrilled when her boss presented her with a hefty bonus check. Sitting at her desk, she eyed the paper and smiled broadly. She had suspected that the bonus she would receive would be nice, but this amount exceeded her wildest expectations. A vacation was already planned, but there would still be close two thousand dollars left over. What to do? Throughout the day her mind drifted from work to the money. Her first thought, of course, was to put the extra money into her savings account. That thought was quickly shelved. She'd saved pretty well already, so there was no need to do that. Investments? No, those were good too. Suddenly, something else popped into her mind. With a smile, Caitlyn grabbed her things and headed to her car. Within minutes she was driving down the road, headed to the electronics store. 

A few days later, Caitlyn sat on the couch in her house and stared at the box leaning against the wall in her living room. Inside the box was a new 65-inch flat screen television. The delivery man stood at the kitchen table completing his paperwork. 

"Ok ma'am, that's all for me. Are you sure you don't want me to install it for you?"

"For the price you guys want? Thanks, but I'll manage."

The delivery man laughed as he handed Caitlyn the paperwork to sign.

"Between you and me ma'am, I don't blame you one bit. Our installation price is outrageous."

Caitlyn smiled politely and signed the paperwork. With a nod, the delivery man gathered his things and wished her a good weekend as he walked out the door.

Caitlyn closed the door behind him and retrieved her phone. She scrolled through her contact list, and when she came to the name she was looking for she pressed Send. Before her phone could ring twice, a voice popped up on the other end.

"Hey there, gorgeous!"

"Hey John, how are you?"

"I'm good, how about you?"

"It's going ok," Caitlyn replied, chuckling nervously, "Actually, I was calling to see if you were free today?"

"Yeah, what's up?"

"Well, I bought a TV and I need a little help putting it up on the wall."

"Oh hell, that's easy," John replied. "Do you have the hardware you need?"

"Well..." Caitlyn said sheepishly.

"Ok, no worries. I'll be over in an hour and we'll go get what you need. Sound good?"

"That's great, John! Thank you so much!"

"Anytime, Caitlyn. You know that."

"Yeah, I know. See you in an hour."

"Ok, see you then."

Caitlyn stared at her phone after the line went dead, and a smile formed on her lips.

Caitlyn and John had been friends for many years, but it was only a few years ago that Caitlyn found out about his true feelings. It came as quite a surprise to Caitlyn when John professed his desires to her. Over the years relationships, work, and life itself always seemed to get in the way. The closest they had come was one night at a sports bar when John and Caitlyn managed to sit next to each other. John spent most of the night with his hand under the table, massaging and fondling Caitlyn's thighs. At one point he had worked his hand along the inside of Caitlyn's leg until his fingers were almost touching her panties. His touch felt amazing to her, and by the time Caitlyn got home, she was so aroused that she masturbated to an intense orgasm while imagining John's hand sliding past her panties.

As Caitlyn worked to clear space in the living room she heard a knock, followed by the sound of her front door opening. John walked in and gave Caitlyn a hug. Caitlyn had confessed to John once that she loved the feeling of their bodies together when they hugged, and since that night John always embraced her a little longer, a little deeper. She didn't mind. When they broke their embrace, she gave John her most convincing stern look.

"You know, I could've been naked."

John gave her a big smile. "Actually, I was kinda hoping that was the case."

She slapped him playfully on the arm, then led him into the living room.

John looked at the box and whistled.

"Wow, girl! Good choice on the TV!"

"You think so?" Caitlyn replied.

"Hell yeah! 4K Ultra HD? The image clarity on this thing is going to be fantastic!"

"If you say so," Caitlyn said with a shrug. She had never been good with the current trends in electronics. She knew that John was, however, so when he gave his opinion she knew it to be good.

Caitlyn explained where she wanted the TV to go, and John nodded approvingly.

"That's perfect," John said. "That wall is concrete behind the drywall, so it'll be easier to install. Let's go to the store and get what we need."

Caitlyn followed him out to his car. If there was one thing about John that she didn't like, it was his car. How a man of his size got around in a Mini Cooper baffled her. She'd never been inside one before, but she knew the space was tight, and Caitlyn was afraid that she would be cramped inside. John walked around to the passenger door and held it open for her as she sat down. While she wasn't as cramped as she thought she would be, the limited space caused her left leg to be resting against the center console. John got into the driver's seat, pressed the start button and shifted the gear selector to Drive. As he accelerated down the road, John casually removed his hand from the gear shifter and rested it near Caitlyn's leg.

As they approached the intersection the traffic signal changed to yellow, causing the car in front of them to slow down quickly. "Woah, hold on!" John said as he brought his car to a sudden stop. Out of reflex, he reached over and firmly grabbed Caitlyn's thigh as if to brace her for the stop. As the car sat at the red light, Caitlyn looked down, then over to John. His hand was still resting on her leg. Caitlyn blushed at the feeling of his touch. 

John looked at Caitlyn, then asked "You don't mind, do you?"

"No, not at all."

John smiled and looked into Caitlyn's eyes as he slowly moved his hand back and forth on her thigh. Her eyes grew larger as his hand creeped up her leg.

Their gaze was interrupted by the sound of a car horn behind them. The light had changed to green, and John hadn't noticed.

"Oh shit, sorry!" John exclaimed as he accelerated through the intersection. He raised his hand off Caitlyn's leg and gave the car behind him an apologetic wave. John quickly returned his hand to rest on her thigh, this time higher than before.

The last time John had his hand on her leg, Caitlyn had been wearing snug-fitting shorts. Today, however, she was wearing an old pair of basketball shorts. The material fit loosely on her body, and if John wanted, he would have no difficulty moving his hands as high up her leg as he wished. Slowly, John's hand caressed Caitlyn's leg on the top of her thigh. However, with every slight movement higher, Caitlyn could feel his hand moving towards the inside of her leg. She knew that if she wanted to allow him to reach his fingers all the way to her pussy then she would have to slide down in the seat and open her legs for him. The excitement alone had caused her pussy to become wet, and the way she was sitting with her legs together was starting to become uncomfortable. Despite her desire to finally feel his fingers inside her, she resisted. John tried to wiggle his fingers higher, but Caitlyn held her legs together to stop his progress. Finally, John pulled his car into the parking lot of the store and found a parking spot. Despite the enjoyment she received from toying with him, Caitlyn felt a little disappointed when he finally removed his hand from her leg to put the car in park. 

"Did you enjoy the ride?" She asked with a coy smile.

"Oh yes," he replied. "Very much."

They didn't speak as they got out of the car and walked into the store. John's attempts to get his hands on her had the expected result, and with every step Caitlyn could feel the wetness of her panties.

As they walked through the door and into the organized chaos of electronics, Caitlyn made a decision.

It's been long enough, she thought. Whatever happens tonight, happens.

John and Caitlyn were in the store for no more than twenty minutes. John got the mount that he said would best hold her television, and then bought Caitlyn a video streaming device to allow her to enjoy her new appliance in all of its high definition splendor. Caitlyn suspected that John was moving at such a fast pace so that he could get her back in the car, but to her disappointment John kept his hands to himself for the ride.

As a token of appreciation, Caitlyn told John to stop at the local grocery store, where she bought him a six pack of his favorite beer. She then grabbed a box of chicken wings from the deli. When she placed the food in the cart John gave her a quizzical look.

"What? You aren't going to go through all this trouble putting my TV up for me and not stay and watch something are you?"

"No," John replied. "Of course not!"

The installation of the TV on the wall went exactly as easily as John said. Within an hour John had drilled the necessary holes and inserted the heavy bolts into the concrete with ease. Caitlyn was very happy when he even went so far as to hide the electrical cords in the drywall. Once she had helped him lift the television onto the stand Caitlyn went into the kitchen and prepared a blender full of piña colada mix for herself. Thinking about what was possibly to come later, she made the drink much stronger than she normally would. Caitlyn took a long sip of her drink, then went about gathering the food. When she came back into the living room John was sitting on the couch programming the television.

"Thank you so much for all of this, John. I never could've done this without you!"

"Don't worry about it," he replied with pride. "It's my pleasure!"

Caitlyn handed John a cold beer and a plate of wings.

"If you don't mind," she said, "I'm going to change."

"Oh sure. That's fine. Need any help?"

Yes, I do, she thought. "No, I'm good. Thank you though."

"Ok, but if you need any help, just let me know."

Caitlyn went into her room and closed the door, but left it cracked just a little. She undressed herself as she walked into the bathroom, then reached into the shower to turn the water on. When the steam began to fill the room she knew that the temperature was where she liked it, and and she stepped under the shower head. Caitlyn closed her eyes and let her head fall back, savoring the feeling of the hot water on her naked body. As much as she desired to stay under the warmth of the water, she knew that she had other ideas for the night, so she wasted no time running the soapy sponge over her body.

When she came out of her bathroom she had only a towel wrapped around her, and as she walked past the slightly open door she caught a quick glimpse of John. He was no longer paying any attention to the TV, but his body was turned around as he peered through the doorway. With a smile, Caitlyn grabbed her favorite cotton pajama bottoms and a well-worn t-shirt. She paused before opening her panty drawer. 

"Nah," she said quietly, "no need for these tonight."

Dropping the towel to the floor she walked back into the bathroom fully naked. There, she thought, I bet he saw that. Caitlyn quickly put on her shirt and pants, then came out into the living room.

When she emerged John was once again facing the television. She went into the kitchen and grabbed a plate of wings for herself, along with a fresh frozen drink and a beer for John. She sat down on the couch next to him, and ate her dinner while he tried, unsuccessfully, to explain the nuances of her new television.

By the time the food was gone, John had drunk most of his beer, and Caitlyn was finishing up the last of her piña colada. She had forgotten how strong she made them, but she was quickly reminded when she stood up to take the empty plates into the kitchen. Caitlyn almost stumbled, and John reached his hands out to steady her. Both of his hands landed firmly on Caitlyn's ass. With a smile she looked down at him.

"You like what you're feeling?"

"Yes, I do."

Caitlyn gave him a quick wink then proceeded into the kitchen. The dishes made a loud banging sound as she dropped them into the sink. Returning to the couch, she sat down again, this time so close to John that their bodies were almost touching as she put her arm around his shoulder.

"Alrighty then," she said. "Let's watch something."

"Ok, what do you want to watch?"

"I don't know, something good."

"Hmmm," John said as he reached for the remote control. "Ah, ok. I know."

John began pressing buttons on the remote and the television came alive with colors and sound. 

Damn, she thought, he was right. This thing is awesome!

John selected a show that was hugely popular not only for its action but for its sex scenes. As the opening credits rolled, Caitlyn moved closer to John. John responded with a satisfying grin as he placed his hand on her leg again. Glancing down, Caitlyn was very pleased to see that he had also reacted by producing a noticeable bulge in his pants. The excitement that she had been feeling in the car ride earlier returned with a vengeance, and was quickly overtaken by a growing sense of arousal.

Leaning in closer, Caitlyn could feel her large breast resting on John's arm. John turned his body to face Caitlyn, and his left hand slid further up her leg. The soft cotton of her pajama bottoms slid easily out of the way of his advancing fingers, and he continued his motion until his hand came to rest on her pubic mound. She sighed deeply and opened her legs further, inviting John's touch. Caitlyn's right hand traced small circles on the back of his head.

Their eyes met, and years of longing gave way. John leaned forward and kissed Caitlyn deeply, his tongue sliding into her mouth. Caitlyn's hand gripped the back of John's head, pulling him closer. They had both wanted to kiss the other for so long that it seemed as though they might never separate. Caitlyn's tongue met John's, and they flicked and twirled against each other as hands began to explore. 

John's left hand slid up Caitlyn's shirt and took one of her large breasts firmly in its grip. John's right hand slid softly down, enjoying the feeling of wetness around her engorged lips. When his fingers found her pussy, he slowly slid two fingers deep into her. Caitlyn moaned loudly and thrust her tongue deep into John's mouth while her left hand slid quickly up his leg and under his shorts. When her fingers found his hard cock, she gripped it tightly. John signed at her touch, and he responded by gripping Caitlyn's breast tighter and sliding his finger deeper into her. 

Caitlyn broke off their kiss and leaned back on the sofa, relishing the pleasure that John was giving her. John slipped a second finger into Caitlyn's pussy while his thumb began applying slow, steady pressure to her clit. Caitlyn slid her ass down on the sofa further and opened her legs wide. John pulled the shirt she was wearing up to her shoulders, revealing her large, succulent breasts. He had often remarked to her how much he loved the idea of fondling her breasts. Leaning down he took one of her nipples in his mouth, sucking it in deeply between his lips. John used his tongue to flick the tip of her hardening nipple while his teeth gently bit down. 

Caitlyn's moans grew louder and more frequent as John's fingers continued to probe the depths of her pussy. John's mouth moved from one breast to another, sucking and biting each nipple. The sound of his fingers thrusting through Caitlyn's wetness grew louder and louder.

John slipped his body off the couch and positioned himself on his knees between her legs. Pulling her shorts aside John lowered his head and ran his tongue over her swollen clit. This new sensation caused a shudder of pleasure to wash over Caitlyn. When John's fingers pulled back he removed one and dropped it down to Caitlyn's ass. Without changing his rhythm John slid the finger deep into her ass. Caitlyn's eyes grew wide and a deep, loud moan escaped her lips as her ass tried to accommodate this new sensation. John slid his hand forward until both fingers were buried as deep as they could go, then he held them there while Caitlyn got used to the new feeling. When he felt her ass relax around his finger he began his slow thrusting again while his tongue worked on her clit. Caitlyn moaned in unison with his thrusts, and the feeling of her impending orgasm began to materialize from deep inside. With every thrust and lick the sensation grew stronger and more intense, as though her soul was a bucket being filled with liquid pleasure. When she could hold no more Caitlyn threw her head back and she gripped John's head tightly in her hands as wave after wave of orgasm crashed against her. John held his fingers deep inside of her holes as the convulsions of her orgasm gripped him tightly. He continued to lick her pussy with a steady pressure until she could take it no longer, and she pulled her hips back quickly, her nerves too sensitive to handle his touch. 

With a satisfied grin John slowly removed his fingers from Caitlyn. He stood up and removed his shirt and shorts. Caitlyn gazed in lust at the sight of his hard, thick cock bouncing in front of her with the rhythm of his own heartbeat. She reached out to take his hardness in her hand, but John stopped her.

"No, not yet. This is all about you right now. I've wanted to please you for so long, and now I'm going to."

John reached down and took her shorts in his hands. Pulling on them, he removed them with ease. Then John got down on his knees in front of Caitlyn and sat back on his heels. Taking her hips in his hands, John slowly guided Caitlyn's body down off of the couch until she could feel the head of his cock resting against her skin. John took his cock in his hand and guided it until he felt the head fall into the opening of her pussy. John looked into Caitlyn's eyes with a look of unfettered desire.

"Do you want me to slide my cock into you?"

Caitlyn lightly nodded her head.

"No, I want you to say it."

Caitlyn looked back at John, and with husky voice, whispered "Yes."

"No," John replied. "I want you to say it!"

"Yes! I want you to fu-"

Caitlyn's words changed into a deep and lustful moan as John grabbed her hips and pulled her down onto his waiting cock. The sensation of him filling her was overwhelming.

"Oh fuck!" Caitlyn moaned as she wrapped her arms around John's neck.

John allowed Caitlyn to sit still on his cock for a moment and then thrust up lightly. She gasped in response and clung tighter to his neck. John shifted his weight again and pulled Caitlyn down from the couch until her back was resting on the ground. Holding her legs on his shoulders, John began a slow yet methodical thrusting. Each thrust was full and deep, and the sound of his balls slapping against Caitlyn's ass only heightened her arousal. 

John continued to increase his pace until he was slamming his cock deep into Caitlyn's pussy. Caitlyn moaned loudly with each thrust, and she gripped her kegel muscles tightly, gripping John's cock like a vice. John growled and moaned his approval, and looked down to savor the sight of Caitlyn's breasts swaying to his movements.

Caitlyn was experiencing pleasure like she had not felt in a long time. John's cock slid into her pussy like a piston, and his girth filled her snugly. Knowing that she wanted to return the pleasure that he had given her, Caitlyn reached her hand up and placed it firmly on John's chest, stopping his thrusts. She then reached behind his head and pulled him down to her. She kissed him again, savoring the feeling of his mouth on hers. After a moment she pushed him back up and spoke.

"Sit on the couch."

John slowly pulled his cock out of Caitlyn's throbbing pussy and stood up on wobbly legs. Caitlyn smiled with satisfaction at the sign that he had enjoyed the pleasure just as much as she had.
