 Donna and I have been friends since college. Friends, and nothing more. To look at her, you wouldn't believe that she's forty-two years old. She looks just as good as she did in her college days. She has long, dark hair; lovely olive-colored skin; and dark, mysterious eyes that can look right through you, laugh with you or make you want her instantly. It doesn't hurt that she sports the same tight, athletic body that kept the guys knocking her door down twenty years ago too, even though she's the mother of an eighteen-year-old. 

Unfortunately, Donna hasn't had the best luck with guys. She's divorced, and her most recent relationships have been fruitless.

Donna lives eight hundred miles from me, and over the past few months as we've spoken on the telephone and e-mailed each other, it became apparent to me that without a boyfriend she was getting homier and homier. She really needed a man. She'd ask me very personal questions about my sex life with my girlfriend, what pornos I liked to watch, which sexual positions I prefer. I've got to admit, our conversations always left me with an unfulfilled hard-on, and my girlfriend just doesn't dig sex the way Donna does.

For just that reason-and perhaps for many others, my girlfriend and I parted ways. When I told Donna about it, she immediately invited me to take a few days off and come visit so she could "console" me. She pointed out that her daughter was with her ex-husband for the entire week and we could be alone to catch up on old times.

Seeing Donna when I got off the plane took my breath away. She was tan and fit, wearing a black skirt, heels that highlighted her calves and thighs and a crop top that showed off her still muscular stomach. What a knockout!

We stopped for lunch then headed back to her place. How wonderful it was to spend time with her again. We opened up a bottle of wine, talked and laughed while the years melted away as they can only with old friends. As the evening wore on and we consumed more wine, she got very cuddly and affectionate. She even suggested we watch a porno together to cap off the evening. I agreed, and put one on. At first, we giggled and made sexual jokes as we watched. Our conversation stopped though as we watched a couple have oral sex. After a few minutes, Donna couldn't control herself any longer. Months and months without sex had built up until she decided to spring into action.

Shaking slightly with anticipation, she began by rubbing my chest and softly kissing my shoulders and licking my neck and ears. Opening my shirt, she licked my nipples until they were stiff. That gave me a hard-on, which she began to rub as well.

"Let's have a look at this bad boy," she said with a smile, freeing my cock from my shorts.

She fairly gasped when she saw it. She flicked her tongue on the tip, then licked the shaft while tonguing my balls for good measure. She showed off her true oral talents, though, when she took the entire length down her throat. It was soon wet with her saliva from top to bottom as she sucked it and jerked me off with both hands around my shaft. I was so turned on watching her blow me, I can't tell you. This must be what heaven is like. I stopped her before I could cum – it was too soon.

Then it was my turn to spend some time worshipping her lithe, luscious body. I lifted her shirt, unsnapped her bra and played with her firm tits until her nipples were sticking out fully, as mine had been. I licked around them and sucked on them until Donna was writhing in near-ecstasy.

Lifting up her skirt, I pulled off her panties and went to work on her pussy. She momentarily pulled away, straightening her hair and getting ready to let me take her. I thought “I must be dreaming.” 

She was absolutely stunning. Imagine: this was a girl I’d known and, frankly, desired for over twenty years and she lay totally, beautifully naked in on the couch, wanting nothing more in the world than for me to fuck her.

Is life great, or what? I got on my back as she straddled me, her pussy dripping directly over my face. Holding onto her ass cheeks, I buried my face in her snatch, lapping her essence while she gyrated and moaned loudly. 

Her knees bent and actually began to give way. "Keep licking," she cried, "keep licking!" Believe me, she tasted and smelled so good I had no intention of stopping. 

When she finally climaxed, her whole body shook and she came like a wild animal, shaking her head from side to side.

I still wasn't done. I laid Donna down on the couch and turned her over, spreading her legs wide. From this angle, I was treated to the sight of possibly the best, most perfect asshole I'd ever seen. I kissed, licked and nibbled my way up her magnificent calves and thighs before giving her the rimjob of her life. I lightly licked around her asshole until she began to relax more. Then I went in for a landing, sticking my tongue in as far as it would go. 

Donna gasped. "That feels so good. I can't believe how good it feels! Oh honey!" she exclaimed. Once her anus was totally relaxed, good and wet, I was ready to rock.

Sitting on the couch, I pulled Donna on top of my lap, facing away from me. As I reached around and caressed her tits, I slowly inserted myself into her asshole, since I knew that she loved butt-fucking from our many sexual conversations. Inch by inch her ass devoured my cock, slowly at first, then picking up the pace as her rectum accommodated me. 

Finally I was in all the way, and Donna was rocking back and forth, working my prick deeper inside her. The sight of her tight, tan body bobbing up and down, my cock fully in her asshole, her long hair waving back and forth, was a beautiful thing. After a few minutes I flooded her bowels with semen.

Donna came very soon afterwards, savagely rubbing her clit with her eyes shut and her mouth open. By the time we finished we were both covered with sweat. Tired and spent, we took a shower and went to bed. I held her tightly as we slept.

Sometime in the wee hours of the early morning, I awakened to find Donna sucking my cock. 

"I didn't want to wake you," she said, "but I couldn't resist." 

BOY, could she give head, and more. Looking straight into my eyes as she deep-throated me, she worked a lubricated finger into my asshole and rubbed my balls with the other hand. It was so damn hot! I rewarded all this attention by filling her mouth with a stream of hot come, which she drank down without stopping.

Afterward, we fell peacefully back to sleep but when we awoke, it was my turn. Opening my suitcase, I pulled out a surprise for her - a butt-plug, which I lubed and slowly inserted it into her asshole before I licked her lovely, trimmed pussy for all I was worth. I licked up and down, side to side, softly loving her clit until she had cum not once, but twice. Then I bent her over at the edge of the bed the butt plug still inside her, and entered her from behind. 

"Oh baby," she screamed, “I’m ready – please fuck me now.

Standing there, I responded by pounded her hard, holding onto her ass and hips for better leverage. To keep from coming too quickly, I used a trick I learned from the porn pros. Before I would get to the point of no return, I’d pull my cock out for a beat, then insert it again and slam away. 

Donna seemed to love the feeling of the full length of my cock sliding out and then ramming in again. I would do this often. Finally, I pulled out and she turned around just in time to catch the last bit of cum I had left right on her tits. She rubbed it in, looking at me with appreciation.

That's how my visit went for the whole next four days. We must have had sex at least twenty times, in every room of the house and in every possible position. Sometimes it was hard, fast and raw, and other times it was slow and passionate. But it always felt like we were meant to be lovers from the start. It just took us a long time to find out that what we needed most of all was each other. Needless to say, we were very sad to part.

But she's coming to visit me in six weeks. I already have some new tapes and toys. I'm so thrilled with this turn of events. Old friends are the best friends!