 I was helping some friends of my wife and mine do some remodeling at their home, we had been working since early morning and gotten quite a good deal done. Tearing down some sheetrock, electrical wiring and insulation. Leo and I have known each other around 13 years, Terry, his wife and my wife had known each other since grade school. I offered to help since I had done this for years, they bought the beer and I worked like a dog to help them. 

Terry had gotten insulation all over her while removing it from the walls and was itching badly, Leo was going to go get some things we needed to finish the job and more beer and some food. 

“Terry you need to go take a cold shower or bath to help ease the itching.”

She asked if I was sure it would help. 

“If not then you can sit there and just itch!”

So she went to take a bath. I drank another beer taking a breather while I had the chance. After a few minutes I had to take a leak so I went down the hall to the bathroom. I passed the one in the hall started to go in but the door was closed and I remembered that Terry was bathing, So, I went to the one in their bedroom, as I entered the room I heard her humming as she was bathing. I turned to leave and as I did I saw her figure in the bathroom mirror. She was soaking in the cold water, with her leg over the edge of the tub and she was shaving her pussy. Terry is a fine looking lady, long thick brown hair that goes to her mid-back, her tits hang just a bit and have dark nipples always poking out of her shirts and long firm legs with an ass that makes grown men stop and stare.

I knew I should go but I was glued to the spot as I watched her, Her eyes carefully watching as she shaved her puffy pussy lips. My hand went to my dick to move it in my blue jeans, as it was now hard, my eyes watching the most erotic sight I have ever seen. Terry was washing her pretty pussy, humming as she did. Then she began to play with her pussy, slowly rubbing her finger on bare slit then holding herself open and tickling her clit as it stood out throbbing begging for attention. Her eyes closed as she started getting more excited and her finger moved faster. Terry stuck her finger inside her pussy up to her second knuckle and began to slowly finger fuck it.

Again, I knew I should leave but couldn’t, this was too good to leave. I knew Leo wouldn’t be back for another 45 minutes or more and as long as I was quiet I could watch all I wanted. She began to moan as her finger worked on her pussy. She used her other hand to play with her clit as she continued to finger fuck her pretty pussy. I couldn’t take this anymore I took my dick out and started matching my strokes to hers. Terry would go from playing with her clit to tweaking her dark nipples, getting more excited by the minute as she did.

I must have made a noise or something because she opened her eyes and looked in the mirror, right into my eyes. She didn’t look shocked or mad and she didn’t stop what she was doing, she stared at me then at my dick in my hand, and my fist never stopped either. Terry then said.

“Come in here! Sit by me. I want to watch you do that.”

I was in shock, I was expecting to get thrown out of the house and here she is asking me to let her watch me jack off for her. I walked over to the tub and sat on the edge and started jacking off again as her finger slid in and out of her pussy.

“I always wanted to fuck you, but couldn’t because Janna is my friend and it would kill her if we got caught.” She said.

“Who would tell her? Me?” 

While my fist jerked my hard cock, my eyes on her bald pussy. She kept looking at my cock, licking her lips as she was getting close to her orgasm. I knew she was close because her breath was coming in deep uneven gasps. I moved over putting my cock closer to her face 

“Suck it Terry. Suck my hard cock for me!”

She leaned over the tub and put her wet hand on it pulling me towards her open mouth, sucking it in as I grabbed her tit with one hand and her head with the other.

She loved to suck cock I could tell, by the way she moaned when she shoved it down her mouth. 

“Damn Terry, that’s so good baby, suck it for me, suck it for you! Play with my balls too.”

Her free hand left her pussy and tickled my nut sack. 

“I want to fuck you Terry, do you want that baby? You want me to fuck you?” 

She took her mouth off my cock and jacked it off.

“Yes, I’ve wanted that forever.” 

I took her hand and helped her out of the tub and we went to her bed, the one she shared with Leo. She lay on her back as I lay between her thighs as she bent her knees and spread her firm legs open. I kissed her hairless pussy, loving the slickness from her bath water and her own juices. 

I held her outer pussy lips open with my fingers and licked her slit from the bottom to the top with the flat of my tongue, jabbing her clit when I reached it. I then moved back down a bit and pulled on her outer lips with my lips as she held my head to her.

“Don’t tease me, please don’t tease me!” she begged. 

I began eating her sweet pussy in earnest as she was thrashing around, her hips jumping off the bed, smashing my face as she fucked my tongue. Since she was already close to Cumming in the tub it didn’t take much to make her cum by eating her pussy. Her whole body shook as she came, and she was close to hyperventilating as her hands held my face deep between her thighs. 

“Fuck Me!” 

She said her voice and eyes filled with lust. I moved up and kissed her warm mouth as She put my cock inside her. I eased my thick cock in slowly, forgetting about our time frame. I held her face in my hands to keep our eyes locked as I began to fuck her softly. Her long legs wrapped around my waist, her feet locked behind me. I ground my pubic bone on her bare clit, the friction of my hair causing her a pain/pleasure sensation. Then began to fuck her faster, feeling her pussy cling to my cock as I pulled out and her wet slickness as I shoved back in her.

Terry had her mouth at my ear urging me to fuck her harder and faster, licking the inside of my ear between her gasps for breath. She smelled of soap and her skin was so soft as I sucked on her neck. I felt my balls tighten up, knowing I was close I told Terry, she was in mid orgasm when she said, 

“My mouth, shoot it in my mouth, I want to taste you in my mouth!”

I pulled up to her face just as my first spurt came out, hitting her upper lip as she wrapped her lips around my spurting cock. I held her face in my hands, loving how she looked as her cheeks sucked in while she swallowed my spunk. As we rested up Terry looked at the clock and said, 

“Oh SHIT!!!” jumped up running while saying, “Leo will be home soon!” 

Terry ran to her bathroom to get dressed while I went to the other and finally pissed. I had just walked into the living room when Leo came in the front door. He asked,

“Where’s Terry?” 

“Bathroom.” I said as I pointed to it. 

He passed me a beer and I washed his wife’s sweet pussy taste out of my mouth with it. Terry soon joined us and we ate and discussed what we had left to do. Terry making eyes at me when Leo wasn’t looking, I just smiled.

When I got home my wife asked me how it went.

“It was Hard and Sucked!” I said with a knowing grin!

Authors Note: 

This story is Pure Fantasy, it never happened. It was only written for, You the Reader, and my own enjoyment only! I do NOT believe in, or participate in Incest, Violence towards Women OR the Sexual Abuse of a Child of any age, consenting or not! If you enjoyed this story, please drop me an email with any suggestions or fantasies you would like to read about. Yes, I am a warped individual, but at least I still have my sense of humor! ;-) Thanks, mustanger7up 