 What was I doing?

I had no business being with her. She was just as married as I was, had just as many kids as I did. She loved her husband as much as I loved my wife. Our lives were stable, rational, normal.

So why on God's green Earth were we naked in the middle of the floor, our bodies entwined?

---

Susan and I had been friends since we were teenagers. Sure, I guess I had a crush on her then, but we had grown to be good friends. We talked on the phone regularly, but saw each other infrequently these days. Life caught up to us.

Each week, we'd chat over the phone of the familiar: work, friends, families, etc... Nothing unusual for two friends. Except, somehow, this week turned out like no other.

On Tuesday, we had agreed to meet up for dinner. A rare occurrence for us, since our lives kept us both so busy. I chose the place, and she chose the time. We both showed up, and dinner got underway.

As we chatted, I could tell something was nagging her. The way she knifed her chicken as if it had personally offended her; the extra glass of wine after pounding down the first; the extra twang in her voice each time she mentioned her husband.

"Sue, what's wrong?"

"Nothing," she replied. "Nothing at all. Why do you ask?"

"Come on." I had seen this avoidance before. "You've practically mutilated your dinner ever since you've started talking about Dave. What's going on?"

She paused for a moment, debating whether or not to start. "He drives me nuts."

"That's nothing new." Dave knew how to push Susan's buttons. Leaving cabinets open in the kitchen. Not replacing the garbage bag after taking it out. The mundane things that makes married life so... annoying.

"The man can't follow simple directions." She brutalized another piece of her dinner. "Today, I had to actually write down when to feed the kids. It's not like it's a random time or anything. They have dinner at 5:00 every night! He knows this, because he helps feed them every night! You'd think that after 5 years of the same routine, he'd have something down by now."

Ah. I knew exactly how she felt. Lisa, my own wife, was well known between us for not doing the simple things around the house. It's not like I wanted her to be all June Cleaver, but if you're on the way past the garbage can, and you have a empty soda can, you'd think to throw it away instead of putting it on the counter next to the garbage can! Married life isn't exactly the way it looked when we attended each other's weddings.

"For chrissake," she continued, "I shouldn't have to do everything! Look at you. You're a guy who can keep things straight. We have plans, we each do our part, plans work out! It's simple!" 

She was starting to get worked up, and judging by what was left of her plate, there wasn't much more she was going to handle.

"Hey," I offered. "I got an idea. Let's get out of here and walk it off."

She agreed. I took care of the bill while she polished off her glass of wine. She took my arm, and out the door we strolled.

The night air was refreshing and cool. There was no way I was going to let her drive, so I hoped it was going to sober her up a bit before she went home. We walked down the block in silence, just enjoying each other's company.

"Jack," she started.

"Yeah?"

"How do you do it?"

Uh oh... here we go again. 

"How do you make it work between you and Lisa? Dave drives me so nuts that I'm not sure why we ever got married in the first place."

"So get a divorce." This was an old conversation. She would leave him about as fast as she would leave her purse in her car.

"I can't," she whined. "I won't."

"Do you still love him?"

"Yeah. I think I do."

"You think you do." This was a little twist in the usual conversation.

"Well, I still love him, but I'm not sure I want to spend the rest of my life doing this."

"A little late now for that, wouldn't you say?"

"C'mon, Jack. We're 32 years old. What did we know when we got married? Did you really think you had it all planned out with Lisa?"

Come to think of it, I kinda had. I had always assumed that we'd get our house, which we did, we'd have our kids, which we had, and we'd continue to be married until we died. I'd never really thought about how that last part really worked.

"Well, didn't you and Dave have your plan?"

"Yes," she mused, "we did. And everything's gone according to plan. Except the part where he drives me fucking crazy each and every day."

"Well, you'll get through it. He's done this before, and he'll do it again. Get used to it."

"I know, I know. But what if things were different?"

"How so?"

"You know," she paused. "Between us." We stopped. I was significantly taller than Susan, and she looked up into my face with her deep brown eyes. "Haven't you ever thought about us?"

Of course I had. How could I not. As a guy with a woman as a best friend, how could I not think about it?

"Come on," I started, "You know where this is headed. We tried this once before and it didn't work. You know it, and I know it."

"That was 15 years ago! I think we've both learned a lot since then."

She turned around and started walking back toward the car. I followed with a renewed sense of interest. We walked in silence until we got back to to the parking lot.

I opened the door to her SUV and she climbed behind the wheel.

"Are you okay to drive?"

She leaned over towards me. "Check my breath." She leaned in to me and we kissed for the first time. It started slow, with just a hint of tongue, but as she massaged my lips with her own, it started to feel very, very natural.

She broke the kiss and closed the door. She drove off without another word.

"Wow."

-----

On Thursday, I came home from work, as usual. Lisa made dinner, as usual, and I was playing with the kids, as usual. About 5:30, my cell rang.

"Hey, Susan. What's up."

"Can you come by tonight? I can't get the damn DVD working, and Dave's out of town."

"Tonight?"

"I'm trying to keep the kids busy with a movie while I finish a project for work, but I think I broke the damn remote. Can you come help?"

I looked at the clock. They wouldn't be going to bed for another three hours.

"All right. I'll come on by. I'll be there in ten."

"Thanks." I hung up. 

I got my jacket and keys. "Hey hon? Lisa?"

"Yeah?" She was in the den playing solitare on the computer, her usual evening habit.

"I got to go to Susan's for a few. She broke her TV and Dave can't fix it."

"Alright." She didn't even look around from the screen.

"Be good you two," I said to the kids. "No roughhousing. And do what your mother says." I gave each of them a kiss and off I went.

As I closed the door, I could tell that she wasn't even going to get up to take over where I left off playing with the kids. Ah, marriage.

I was at Susan's in ten minutes, I heard lots of banging in the house as I opened the door.

"Hey! I'm here!" A crash from the living room muffled my announcement. I followed the noise, and walked into a disaster area.

The kids were trashing the room. The sofa cushions were in some kind of makeshift fort, the bookshelf had been transformed into some kind of ammunition depot, and Susan was nowhere to be seen. Nick and Josh, her two sons, were busy trying to fence with wiffle bats. It wasn't a pretty sight. With no shields, they resorted to throwing books at each other when they got out of range of the yellow weapons.

I dodged a copy of Green Eggs and Ham as I shouted above the racket. "Hey, guys! Where's your mom!" 

Nick looked over at me, and was just distracted enough to allow The Cat in the Hat to broadside him. Josh laughed as Nick went down, cushioning his head. I decided to avoid War of the Seusses, and looked around for Susan myself.

I found her in her den, surrounded with paper and posterboard. It looked like she was making a science fair project. At this rate, it looked like she was going to come in last place.

"What's going on? What's with Hitler and Mussolini in the other room?"

"Oh, Jack. I broke the remote, and can't get the video working on the big screen. I've got to get this damn project finished for a meeting tomorrow, and Dave's out of town on a business trip. Can you help me?"

What was I going to say? "Of course I will. Give me the remote." 

One thing women will never understand is electronics. It is beyond me how they can't figure out something as simple as how to put batteries in something the right way. I put them in correctly, and we got the DVD working in no time flat.

While Bob the Builder entertained the opposing generals in the other room, we went back to the den to get the project figured out. It was a simple setup for an upcoming training session she taught at work. It was just a simple posterboard for the table display. Nothing complicated. I cut, she glued.

As we worked, she brought up the inevitable. "Sorry about the other night."

"Why are you sorry?"

"Because we both know that we can't do anything about it." She had a point.

"Don't worry about it. Friends?"

"Friends." 

About an hour of construction paper, glue, and posterboard later, the display was done. We walked in to check on the warriors, and they had fallen fast asleep on the couch.

She just shook her head. "I'll get them into bed. Go home."

"You put them into bed, I'll start dismantling the war zone." One at a time, she brought her children into their beds. I straightened up a bit, so she could have a moment's peace.

"Thanks for helping, Jack. I really needed a moment of sanity tonight."

"Not a problem. Rest and relax. I'll see you later." I got my jacket and keys and walked towards the door.

"Jack," she started. I turned around, and she jumped up into my arms. Dumbfounded, I caught her. The unexpected jump knocked me sideways. Just as my ass hit the wall, her lips hit mine.

The soft kiss of the other night was gone. This was pure passion. Her tongue darted in and around mine as we embraced each other. For a few minutes, our hands roamed each other's bodies as we mingled in the hallway.

While grabbing a breath, she hopped out of my arms. "Hold on," she said.

She lifted my shirt and attacked my chest. While her lips worked on my nipples, her hands worked my belt and zipper. Her kisses had already stiffened me, and when her hands made their way into my pants, she definitely got my attention.

"Susan, what..." 

She looked up at me with those deep brown eyes and smiled. "Shhhhh, Jack. Don't say anything."

She pulled my cock from my pants, bent down and started assaulting it with her tongue. She licked and moved around the head, making my balls tingle for a few minutes before taking the entire length into her mouth.

As she worked my penis in and out of her mouth, she continued to look up at me. I ran my hands through her thick, black hair and leaned my head back. God, I thought. What brought this on? She grabbed my ass with both hands and continued her oral attack.

Within minutes, I found myself teetering towards the edge. I lifted myself up on my toes, and she moved right with me. When I came into her mouth, she never stopped moving. What felt like wave after wave of cum pouring out of me went into her smiling mouth without spilling a drop.

"Holy shit!" I whispered. 

"Shhhhhh. I told you not to talk." She took my hand and led me back into the living room.

After the blowjob of my life, I was a little weak in the knees. She pushed me back onto the couch and stripped off her shirt. Her lacy bra was not the sexiest lingerie she must have owned, but as she teased me by flicking off one strap, then the other, I wasn't going to complain. She turned her back towards me and looked back over her shoulder. "Finish."

I got up to unhook the final clasp, my pants dropping around my knees. Awkwardly, I shook the loose-fitting pants off of my feet and came up behind her. As I moved in to kiss her neck, she tilted her head to the side, offering herself to me. I unhooked the last of her bra, my lips never leaving her skin. 

Turning her around, I nudged her onto the couch to return the favor from the hallway. Making my way down her shoulders to her luscious breasts, I gorged myself on one, then the other. The flicking of her nipples made her shiver with anticipation, and she found herself pulling my t-shirt over my head. I stopped just long enough to get it over my head. In that moment, our eyes locked.

While this fantasy had played itself in my head many times over the years of our friendship, I had never thought that she would be willing to commit. She smiled at me, kissed me, and leaned her head back so that she might better enjoy the sensations I was about to deliver her.

I moved down her abdomen, and she wriggled her way out of her pants with my assistance. The thong she wore just covered her neatly trimmed pussy, something I had never known about. As I kissed my way between her thighs, she raised her legs around my head, removing the thong. She rested her legs on my shoulders, and I moved into her pleasure with gusto.

She was already wet. There was no prep work, just pleasure. I moved my lips around hers and my tongue shot into and out of her wetness. She moved with me, guiding my actions with her movements. I licked her up and down, slot to bud, pausing each time as she acclimated herself to me.

Keeping my focus on her clit, my fingers found their way in to her dripping pussy. The double action kept her occupied and she started to moan from the sensations. Not stopping, I licked and fingered until she started shaking so much it was hard to keep in place. She grabbed my head, looked into my eyes with her deep brown ones and said one word.

"Now."

I stood up immediately and as she spread her legs, I put the head of my rejuvenated cock up to her pussy. As I held it there, she moved herself forward, slowly impaling herself on me. I started to push forward, and she threw her head back.

"Oh God! You're so much bigger than Dave! Don't stop!"

I thrust forward, awaiting her reaction. We had never discussed her sex life in detail, and this was the first time I had a comparison to her husband. Susan drew in breath, and savored every moment of it.

"Fuck me, Jack. Fuck me."

As she leaned back, I leaned forward, putting my hands on the back of the sofa. She grabbed my hips, and pulled me into her. Back and forth I went, slowly at first. Susan began to moan from the motions, pulling and pushing me into and out of her. I sped up to keep up with her, but it wasn't enough. She started bucking her hips, as our fuck picked up ferocity. She leaned forward, clutching my body, letting our hips do all the work as she started crying out into my neck.

"More, Jack. More."

I gave it my all. She matched me, push for push, and we nearly knocked the couch over backward with our combined strength.

Suddenly, she pulled away. Getting onto the floor, she put her head on the floor and kept her finely toned ass in the air. 

"Get in me, now!"

Not willing to disappoint, I positioned myself behind her. Before I could move into her, she reached back, grabbed my cock, and moved herself backwards onto me. I held onto her hips and rode her rough. Slapping her ass as I went, Susan looked back with those deep brown eyes.

"Don't stop, Jack. Never stop."

Reaching around to tease her clit as we worked, she grabbed my hand, sucked on my middle finger, and helped my on my way. The double action of fucking her from behind, and our combined clit-tease was proving too much for both of us. We pumped each other faster and faster, starting to lose control. We both started to moan, gearing up for that final push.

Finally, she screamed out loud. I gave a few final thrusts and felt myself release all I had left into her throbbing cunt. We knocked over, still inside her, and lay there on the rug that we had straightened out earlier that evening.

---

As we lay there, throbbing, sweating, panting, she pulled my arms around her.

"I love you, Jack."

"I love you too, Susan."

We lay there for another ten minutes, saying nothing.

I glanced at the clock, and seeing that I had been gone for an extra hour or so, got my clothes together and made my way to the door.

Still naked, Susan opened the door for me.

"You know we can't ever do this again."

"Yeah," I sighed. "I figured."

As I left Susan's house, she called after me, "Thanks for the help! I really needed it."

I turned around and looked into those deep brown eyes again.

"No problem." I got into my car and drove home. 

When I got home, Lisa had just put the kids to bed.

"What took so long?"

"Hmm? Oh, nothing. She just broke the remote." 

I must have looked a little wiped out after my ordeal. Lisa looked at me an tilted her head. "You alright? You look a bit beat."

"Yeah. I was playing around at her house." Lisa looked puzzled. "The kids beat me up a bit."

"Yeah, well, I have some playing of my own to do. Come to bed."

She took my hand and led me to our bedroom.