 I had arranged to meet Vanessa for coffee in the morning and then proceed to her apartment complex , to begin our "renovation". As we sat across from one another in the café, enjoying our coffee, she slid her foot up my leg until it came to rest in my lap. It was good to know she was as horny as I was. She had slipped off her sandal so I played with her toes, telling her in a quiet tone, how I would tie her up and torture her by sucking on each of her toes, and tickling the bottoms of her feet. She dug her toes into my lap and massaged my cock through my pants. I told her it was time to go. She slipped her sandal back on and I followed her back to the apartments. 

She gave me the key to "our" apartment and she went to check her messages while I carried my bag of tools and supplies through the complex to the apartment. When I arrived inside the unit, I was surprised to see that a couch, a television with a built-in VCR, and a small dining table with chairs had been brought in. Further exploration revealed that she had brought a king-size bed from some where into the master bedroom upstairs, along with an overstuffed chair in the corner of the room. . This was perfect, I thought, and not knowing for certain how long I had until her arrival, I quickly cut 4 lengths off the spool of rope I had purchased and tied them, one each, to the 4 legs of the bed. I tucked the ropes into the mattress so they were not visible, and after opening the package of clothespins, stashed the rest of the "goods" under the bed. 

When Vanessa arrived at the apartment, I immediately took her in my arms and kissed her hotly on the mouth. I moved to her neck, tracing a line with my tongue to a spot under her ear, and told her how much I appreciated her furnishing the apartment, and how I was going to show my gratitude. As I talked of ropes and intense pleasure mixed with intense pain, I could feel her slump against me. I could feel the heat from her cunt against my leg as my hands made their way under her blouse and on to her breasts. My fingers found her nipples and I pinched and pulled them brutally. She panted from the pain I was inflicting but I felt her juices as they soaked through her pants and my pants onto my leg. I broke off our contact and led her upstairs. 

I plopped into the chair and told her to strip for me. She hadn't lost her ability to move gracefully and she hummed a tune and stripped seductively while I watched. She even did her leg over the back of the chair routine for me and this time there were no bouncers to stop me, so I buried my face into her pussy. She ground herself onto my tongue and face and when I looked up she had her eyes closed and was pulling and twisting on those luscious nipples. Her leg that supported her weight began to shake and just before she was about to cum, she pulled away. 

I followed her, rising from the chair and pushing her backwards onto the bed, where I straddled her hips and leaned down and kissed her heavily on the mouth, at the same time reaching to the side of the bed and retrieving the ropes I had hidden. I quickly tied both arms so that they were extended up over her head and out to the sides of the bed. I turned around and did the same with her feet. She looked like a human X across the bed. Her eyes smoldered as she watched me undress. I had worn a studded leather cock ring that encircled my cock and balls and has a series of snaps that connect the ends. I had it cinched as tight as I could get it and my balls were swollen and purple, and my cock was rock hard and standing straight up in the air. 

The head was huge and purple also. I reached under the bed and retrieved the bag of clothespins, and a riding crop that I had purchased at the local feed store. She sucked in her breath as she spotted the riding crop and yelped when I flicked it across her breasts. I began to snap the end at her nipples and she bit her lip to keep from making any further sounds. Her nipples quickly became swollen and hard. She moaned every time the crop touched them. I could smell her arousal and slid the crop between her legs. It came back coated with her juices, so I knew her pussy must be leaking profusely. Returning to her beautiful breasts, I leisurely began to whip them with the crop until they were striped with angry red welts. Tears were in her eyes, but she refused to cry out.

I stopped the punishment of her breasts and leaned over her, gently running my tongue around each hot, swollen nipple, before sucking it into my mouth as far as I could. In turn, I released each of her nipples and as I did, attached a clothespin to them. Her back arched up and she grunted through the initial pain. I then moved up onto the bed, turned so that I was facing her feet, and straddled her face. She knew immediately what to do and swallowed my cock whole, sucking on it like it contained the answer to all her prayers. I shifted slightly and she was sucking first one then trying to suck both of my balls into her mouth at the same time. 

They were swollen so huge that she could only get one at a time in her mouth. With my balls being sucked and licked, I began to tap my riding crop between her legs. The first time the leather loop at the end struck her clit, she bucked up against my weight and her mouth closed down on my left testicle. The pain caused my to grunt and hunch down harder on her face, but it was a pain that I too had learned to appreciate. After the initial contact of the crop to her clit, she was prepared and actually began raising her hips up to meet each blow. 

As I snapped the leather loop across her clit time after time, I could feel her begin to whine around my balls. I shifted again and settled my asshole down on her mouth. Her tongue slithered up it without any prompting on my part and my cock swelled further as I felt her hot tongue jabbing the inside walls of my ass. She was bucking up to meet the crop in such a way that I knew she was about to cum. Not wanting her to cum yet, I abruptly moved off her face and temporarily ceased my punishment of her clit. She whined in protest, thinking I was going to leave her unfulfilled. The key word being "temporarily" though, as I quickly attached two more pieces of rope to the head of the bed where her hands were tied and releasing one foot at a time re-tied her feet so that they were pulled back towards the head of the bed. Now her arms and legs both pointed to the top corners of the bed and as a result, her legs were spread wide and her pelvis was upturned to fully expose her sopping pussy and the rosebud of her anal orifice. I climbed back on the bed, positioning myself over her face again and re-introduced my purple swollen cock and balls to her mouth. 

As she licked and sucked them, I turned my attention back to her pussy. Her clit was erect and stood out red and swollen. Her pussy lips glistened with her juices. I slowly and methodically began to whip her pussy lips with the riding crop and watched as they began to swell and turn first bright pink, then a hot red, and just as they began to turn a shade of purple. I stopped and slowly drew the now dripping end of the crop across her clit. All the while I was whipping her cunt lips, she had grunted with each blow and would suck harder on my dick. Her moaning and whining created vibrations in her mouth and throat that added to the exquisite sensations I was feeling from her mouth. Just before I moved the crop back to her clit, I pulled my cock from her mouth and re-positioned my asshole over her mouth. This was a smart move on my part, and in what turned out to be perfect timing, I let my weight relax back on to her face at the moment that I struck her clit with the crop. 

She screamed into my asshole and I thought her back would be injured as she began to thrash against her restraints. I whipped the leather loop of the crop again and again down on her clit and watched amazed as a fountain of juices bubbled up from her orgasming pussy. As her orgasm peaked, I threw down the crop and buried my face in her soaking pussy, sucking up her juices and soothing her labia and clit with my tongue. As I sucked her clit into my mouth and gently beat on it with my tongue, she came again, helplessly restrained. My cock was rock hard from her tongue work on my asshole, and as her orgasm subsided, I swung around and positioned my throbbing cock at the entrance of her pussy. It was slick and wet with her juices and with one thrust, I buried my cock all the way to my balls. As I began to work my cock in and out of her tight cunt, I reached up and untied her feet. 

This allowed her to wrap those wonderful spider legs up around my back and pull me into her with each of my own thrusts. Her whole pelvis would tighten each time she pulled me down into her and the sensation this provided for my cock was indescribable. Between the force of my thrusting and the force of her pulling me into her, our pubic bones pounded together, smashing her clit with each stroke. Through gritted teeth she commanded me to fuck her harder. I increased the force of my thrusting into her and as I did, she leaned up and sucked one of my nipples into her mouth. Before I could pull away, she bit down on it with enough pressure that I instinctively chose not to try to pull away. Her head moved with the rhythm of our fucking, maintaining her hold on my nipple.

As she slowly increased the force of her biting, so did my urge to cum. As my breathing quickened and my cock began to swell in anticipation of release, she suddenly bit down hard. I could feel the skin on my nipple separate. My whole body flexed with a pain that shot like a lightening bolt from my nipple to deep in my balls. It felt like my balls were in a vise as they began to pump their cream deep into her pussy. Her legs pulled me tighter into her and I could feel her orgasmic contractions around my cock as it continued to pump my cum into her belly. 

Finally, when there was no more to cum, she released my nipple from her mouth and as her head fell back onto the bed, I saw her lips stained with blood and a trickle of it coming from the corner of her mouth. I looked down at my nipple and watched as drop after drop of blood formed on its' end and dripped onto her own nipple. I reached up, untied her hands from the headboard, and as a fell to the side of her on to my back, she rolled on top of me and began to clean my chest and bloody nipple with her tongue. I knew at that moment that we had both found what we needed.