 It was just a regular party with a bunch of friends- you know, the ones where you don't really expect to get laid, but it would be nice if it happened. I was one of the only girls there- the other was Janice, who was dating Kenny at the time. Then there was Tristan, and his best friend Mike, two of the goofiest guys I'd ever met. They're in their late twenties (I think Tristan might actually be having his thirtieth birthday next month.) And then there were some buddies of Mike and Tristan's from college.

Okay, so about Tristan. . . he is never what most people would call attractive. He has blond hair and blue eyes, average height and weight. I never would have given him a second thought. . . I mean, he's funny and cool to talk to, but he's just so damn goofy! And quite a bit on the immature side.

But, I first really started to notice Tristan when we were hanging out at a burger joint for lunch one day. We went with Mike and Kenny, and Janice was tagging along too. The three of them were laughing it up, talking about some movie they had seen. 

Meanwhile, Tristan and I were having an in-depth conversation- not about anything in particular. But as I looked into Tristan's eyes, I found myself think how blue and beautiful they were. Then I noticed as I looked at his mouth, how full and kissable they seemed. It took a lot for me not to lean over the table in our booth and kiss him out of sheer impulse.

So, I began having quite a crush on Tristan. I never said anything to anyone about it- I was a little embarrassed. Besides, it seemed to me like I was just one of the guys to him, and he wouldn't even think about me as anything more.

Anyway, the party started off normally. They had thrown in the movie "Orgazmo" in the DVD player, and we all sat around and laughed our asses off. Eventually, the more we drank, inevitably, the more everyone got drunk. No one was really watching the movie anymore. Some people had gone out on the back patio to jump into the jacuzzi, and others were going into the kitchen to find more beer. 

Somehow, Tristan and I ended up sitting alone on the couch in front of the TV. I was really drunk, having had about five beers and two shots of Jagermeister. I would say that Tristan was pretty wasted himself, considering that he was rambling on about something that I had honestly lost track of.

"I mean, I've only had sex with about. . . 7 people," I heard him say, and immediately my ears perked.

"Oh, yeah?" I said. "Who was the last, if you don't mind my asking?"

Tristan took a moment to think, and I laughed as he began counting on his fingers. At last, with a look of "Eureka!" on his face, he said, "Oh yeah! Do you remember that girl Rachel who used to hang out with us?"

I fucking hated Rachel. Mike had invited her to a couple of the parties we'd had, and I'd never liked her. She was a slut, and she didn't bother to hide it in the least. I knew for a fact that she had slept with Mike, and even Kenny, though I would never tell Janice. And now, Tristan. I tried to hide my disdain.

"Yeah, I remember her. Kind of."

"Yeah, she was the last girl I slept with. Honestly, I didn't like her at all, but I was drunk and she was coming on to me like crazy. So, who was the last person you slept with?"

My face immediately flushed. In all honesty, I had only slept with one guy. I had dated James for a little over five years, and we broke up about a year ago. I hadn't had sex since then. 

"Um, the last guy I slept with was named James," I told him. I hadn't ever mentioned James to him before, and I didn't feel like getting into details now. Our relationship had been pretty rocky, though I had loved him a lot.

"James?" Tristan replied. "Okay, I give. Who is James?"

I sighed loudly. "James was my last boyfriend. We dated for about five years, and we broke up about a year ago."

Tristan stared at me in shock. His gaze was making me highly uncomfortable, so I looked away and laughed nervously. 

"So, you haven't had sex in a year?" he asked.

I nodded nonchalantly, but still couldn't look a him. There was an uncomfortable silence between us. Then suddenly, Tristan stood up, setting his bottle of beer down on the coffee table. 

"All right," he said, reaching down and grabbing my arm. "Let's go."

Stunned, he pulled me up off of the couch, took my hand in his, and starting leading towards the stairs. Affected by the alcohol, my had immediately became dizzy. 

"Woah, woah, wait a minute," I said. "What are you doing?" 

"I am taking you upstairs and we are going to have sex," Tristan replied, rather matter-of-fact. He had me dragged up the stairs about halfway at this point, and I halted on the step. He was standing on the step above me, and still was holding on to my hand.

"What!?" I cried out, and Tristan turned his head to look at me, as if to say, "Yeah, what's the problem."

"It's been a year since you've had sex," Tristan insisted. "That is way too long. Come on, it'll be fun, come on."

With a light-hearted laugh, he once again began pulling me up the stairs. I resisted once more, and he sighed as he stopped again and looked at me.

My whole face was flushed, and I felt completely mortified. This was not exactly the way I had expected it to happen. 

"Tristan, I appreciate the thought, but I don't think this is a good idea. We're both drunk, and, I mean, we're friends, right? Wouldn't that just be weird?"

Tristan gave me another cynical look. "Come on, don't give me that. So we're drunk. That gives us even a better reason to give into impulse. And we're friends- even better. Besides, didn't Mike tell you that I had a major crush on you?"

I continued to be in shock. 

"And Mike told me that he could tell that you liked me, too. Ah ah, don't try to deny it. So let's go, it will be good for both of us."

I was too stunned to resist anymore. I let Tristan lead me up the rest of the stairs, and we came to what I assumed to be his bedroom. There were posters on the wall from various movies, and a Reel Big Fish band poster above his bed. On a night stand stood a small lamp that was turned on, providing very little light in the room.

At last, Tristan stopped and turned to look at me. He had a smile on his face, as he rested his hands on my upper arms. Then he leaned in and kissed me, without warning. 

My mind was racing. This was way too fast. But my suspicions had been right. Not only were Tristan's lips soft and full, but he was a damn good kisser. I finally let myself relax a little, as I moved my lips beneath his.

I heard Tristan emit a soft moan, and his tongue slipped into my mouth expertly. I entwined mine with his, and tasted beer and something sweet. It didn't bother me at all. 

Finally Tristan pulled away, and he looked at me with a grin on his face. "Now, that wasn't that bad, was it?"

I smiled back. "Oh, no. Not bad at all."

He continued grinning as he leaned in once more to kiss me again. This time I lifted my arms to wrap around his neck. His hands lowered to settle on my waist. We kissed for long, lingering moments, our tongues twisted together, our bodies pressed up against each other. I felt Tristan's cock rise up against his pants, poking my thigh. 

Then I felt his hands slip underneath my shirt, and they moved around to my back. Before I knew it, he had unfastened my bra. Luckily, it was strapless, so it come out easily under my shirt and fell to the floor. Then his hands were on my breasts- cupping gently at first, then he gave them a small squeeze. Finally, his fingers began toying with my nipples, making them hard and rubbery. I became immediately wet between my thighs, as he pinched the nipples between his thumb and index finger. 

I moaned into his mouth, then let out a gasp as he sucked on my bottom lip. Tristan took his lips away from mine, as he lifted up on my shirt, and I helped him to remove it. 

I felt suddenly vulnerable as I stood there topless in front of him. I watched his bright blue eyes as he stared at my breasts, and thankfully, he seemed to like what he saw. Slowly, Tristan lowered to his knees, and knowing his intention, I groaned even before he took my right nipple into his mouth. 

He sucked hard on the nub, then swirled his tongue around it. My fingers gripped tightly on his shoulders, then in his hair. When he had finished with the right breast, he turned his attention to the left one, and flicked his tongue against the nipple fast and furiously, making me cry out. 

Finally Tristan stood up, and kissed me hard on my lips. Then he took my hand and led me over toward the bed. Gently, he pushed me down on it, and I watched as he stood and undressed in front of me. I was pleased with what I saw- without his clothes, Tristan looked much more built. And when he took off his pants, his cock jumped out readily. Once again, I was pleasantly surprised. He had to be about 6 1/2 inches long! And about 1 1/2 in width! 

Tristan climbed onto the bed, and I reached out for him. But he was keeping his distance, for now, and he gave me that irresistible mischevious grin. He reached down and began to unzip my jeans, and I lifted my hips as he pulled them off, simultaneously taking off my shoes and socks. Then he wasted no time in removing my panties. 

So there I was, lying naked in front of him for the first time. I felt suddenly self-conscious, but I forgot about it quickly as Tristan put his hand between my legs and began rubbing his fingers against the outer layer of my cunt. I cried out in pleasure, and spread my legs wider to give him more access.

He spread apart the folds of skin, and felt the moistness of my inner core. He slipped one finger inside of me, then two, and imitated the movement of a cock. I tossed back my head and moaned uncontrollably. I almost exploded right then and there as one of his fingers from his other hand found my clit, and rubbed it mercilessly. 

But he wouldn't let me off so easily. He removed the finger from my clit, then leaned his head down to replace it with his tongue. As he expertly licked and sucked the hard nub, his fingers continued to thrust in and out of me. My whole body was writhing beneath him, and at last, as he took my clit between his lips and sucked hard, I had an orgasm that made my head spin. I cried out loudly, and Tristan gave one last, long lick before lifting his head.

My breath came out in pants as Tristan moved over me, and then he kissed me gently on the mouth. I looked up at him, and he was smiling down at me, his blue eyes sparkling. I laughed as I grabbed his head and kissed him. 

Then, before I knew it, I felt Tristan's cock poking gently inside me. I gasped, and gripped him tightly as he slid into my tender pussy. At last he filled me, and I sighed in pleasure. It had been so long since I had felt that sensation- God, I'd missed it more than I thought!

Tristan began thrusting in and out, slowly at first, but his pace gradually quickened. I held onto his shoulders, and buried my head in his neck as he pumped into me harder and faster.

"Oh, God!" I cried out, as I came closer and closer to my climax. Tristan kissed me hard as he made several hard thrusts, and I had to muffle my yell into his mouth as I came at last. Then Tristan tore his lips from mine, and as he buried his face in my neck, I heard him cry out loudly, and felt him reach his own orgasm. 

The both of us laid there, sweaty and panting, until at last Tristan lifted himself off of me and laid down beside me. After a moment, he turned over on his side, propped his head up with his elbow, and looked at me.

"So," he said. "How did that feel after a year of no sex? Was it the way you remembered it?"

I laughed. "Well, they haven't changed it all that much. But it was great. Thank you, Tristan."

"My pleasure," Tristan replied. "And hey, if you ever need my services again, you know my number."

"Oh, I will definitely be needing them again," I said, as I rolled over and kissed him on the lips. "Is now good for you?"