 James and Diane had worked together for nine years. There had always been a little sexual tension between them, but she was married and he had a girl friend, so it was more flirtatious fun than smoldering passion. Both of them knew the other wasn't getting any sex at home, and James had playfully remarked that maybe they should help each other out some time; but neither had ever taken it too seriously. Little did she know that was about to change ......

One day, they were standing around talking during a break in the action, and she told him how much her shoulders hurt. James mentioned that he'd had some training as a healer and offered to see what he could do.

Expecting some kind of massage therapy, Diane agreed to let him try, and turned her back to him as he held his palms close together in a way she had seen him do several times before. 

"Just relax," he said, as she felt his strong hands begin massaging her shoulders, working out the kinks, but there was more to it ..... As he held his hands just touching her shoulder, she felt a tingling warmth spreading out from where his hands were. It was a very relaxing feeling; but when he moved up to her neck, it was like a jolt of electricity going through her body. He was just barely rubbing her neck, but his tingling fingers were touching all the right spots; making her gasp with barely concealed pleasure as her body reacted to his gentle touch.

Her knees buckled slightly and her hardening nipples strained against her bra as the tingling warmth moved down her spine to reach her rapidly moistening slit. It felt so good, and she couldn't help wondering if he knew how much he was turning her on. The tingling intensified as he continued working on her neck, and the passion she felt intensified with it. It felt so good on the back of her neck, she started to wonder how it would feel if he were doing the same to he swollen clit. She tried to put that thought out of her mind, but her mind wasn't the only thing reacting .... Her shoulder felt better, but this wasn't about sore shoulders anymore, her loins were on fire like they hadn't been in years and she was about to have a mind-blowing orgasm right there in front of everybody.

James stopped just before she had reached the point of no return and leaned over her shoulder, his hot breath tickling her ear as he asked if she felt any better.

She managed to find enough breath to say, "Yes. Thank you."

'If he only knew how good I feel right now,' she thought, her head spinning with lustful thoughts. Her whole body was trembling with desire, and her pussy was incredibly wet and throbbing wildly. 

She stood there for a moment watching him walk away, then ran upstairs to the restroom where she fingered herself to a shuddering orgasm.

That evening she kept herself busy, doing chores around the house and cooking dinner but she couldn't stop herself from thinking about what happened earlier. She could still feel her friend's fingers gently rubbing just the right spots on the back of her neck, driving her into a sexual frenzy like nothing she'd ever experienced before. The problem was that he hadn't finished the job; and she was getting more turned-on as the evening wore on, just thinking about what could have happened if they had been alone together. 

After taking a shower, she stood nude in front of the mirror wondering if James would really want to make love to her if she offered him the chance. After twenty years and three children, her curves were a little softer and fuller than they used to be, but her breasts were still firm and full, with long nipples that stood out proudly, begging to be sucked and fondled. 

"Well, maybe I'm not Cheryl Tiegs," she thought to herself with a smile, "but I think I still look pretty good for my age." As her eyes moved lower, they fell upon the blonde patch between her thighs, and she wondered lustfully if he'd ever had a "real" blonde.

That night, she had a vivid dream about an unseen lover crawling under the sheets of her bed in the middle of the night. He teased her with his hands and his tongue until she begged for more; then impaled her on the stiff rod of his manhood, his deep thrusts pounding her mercilessly until her cries of passion drowned out the sound of her husband's snoring a few feet away.

When she woke up in the morning, her whole body was tingling with passion. Her panties were still in place, confirming that it had been just a dream; but the fact that both her panties and the sheets were soaked with her juices attested to just how intense the dream had been.

Later that morning, she and James were standing by her work bench, talking like they did every morning while they waited for the buzzer to sound.

James looks at her, "Aren't you forgetting something?"

"What?"

"You haven't put your safety glasses on."

Giving him something of an evil grin, "Do you look me over every morning?"

With a sly smile, James says, "Oh ... I'll never tell."

Smiling back, "Is that good or bad?"

"Hmmm .... Let's just say you've been the star of a few hot day dreams."

"Oh really ...?!?"

"Yeah ... Really."

"Well, I need to go get something," she says as she slips past him, making sure to "accidentally" brush her breasts against his arm as she does so.

The rest of the day, she can barely focus on doing her job as her head swirls with lustful thoughts about how much she wants to help him fulfill one of those hot day dreams.

"But how would I do it?" she thinks to herself. "Getting him to stop by the house after work, because I want to talk to him about something in private, isn't a problem ... we've done it before. The problem is how to go about it from there. Granted, it's much more about raw sex than it is about romance, but this isn't some guy I've just met in a bar, where there might be some kind of expectation. We've been throwing little remarks around for years, so short of stripping for him, would he even take it seriously if I offered it to him?"

The day passes quickly and soon Diane finds herself waiting nervously for James to stop by. She feels a little guilty about the prospect of cheating on her husband; but at the same time, she's very turned on after a day of flirting and teasing. She has spent all day daydreaming about how much she wanted him to make love to her, to fulfill both of their dreams, and how it just might happen if she doesn't change her mind first. Just then, she jumps a little as her little fantasy world is shattered by a knock on the door.

James sits on the couch, and after the usual small talk, he asks what it was she wanted to talk to him about.

"What was it you did to me last yesterday?"

"It's called Reiki. It's a healing technique I learned a couple years ago. Did it help?"

"Oh, it made my shoulder feel better, but it did more than that ..." Taking a deep breath, she adds, "I don't know what you did, but it turned me on like I haven't been in years."

"So you and Gerald had a wild night last night?"

"Oh, I had a pretty wild night, alright ... but only the guy in my dreams. I can't remember the last time Gerald has touched me."

"Well, let me know if you need something a little more memorable."

"Hmmm ... That sounds inviting ... Do you think you could handle it if I offered you the chance?"

"Hmmm .... No problem. But then, you realize you would be spoiled for life .... No mere mortal would ever satisfy you again."

"Yeah, right!! Maybe we should find out. Hmm??"

"Bring it on, baby. If I thought you were serious, I'd rip your clothes off right here and now."

Moving to stand in front of him, she hesitates for a moment, then pulls her t-shirt over her head, revealing her lacy black bra as she lets her shirt drop to the floor. 

She stands in front of him with her hands on her hips, "Do I look serious now?" she demands in a mock serious tone. 

"Oh, I don't know ..." matching her mock serious tone. "Keep going and I'll let you know."

Rolling her eyes playfully, "I think you just want to see my boobs."

"Oh, I've never denied that."

Climbing onto the couch, she kneels in his lap. Slipping her hands behind his head, she leans forward, burying his face in her soft cleavage. Seizing the invitation, he begins licking up and down her soft crease, probing down inside her bra with his tongue just touching her hard nipple; causing her to moan with pleasure. After a few minutes of this, she pulls his head back up to face hers. 

Kissing him gently, she says softly, "I know what you want, now what's in it for me?"

"Oh, I'm sure I can think of something you would like." Grabbing her buns, he pulls her closer, where she can feel the growing bulge in his jeans. As their lips meet for a long passionate kiss, he starts gently caressing her back with both hands, savoring the feel of her soft skin before reaching up to undo her bra. Once the strap comes loose, she leans back a little so he can slip it off her arms and toss it aside. 

Diane pulls off his t-shirt, rubbing her hands over his hairy chest; then leans back with her hands on his knees behind her, giving him easy access to her bare breasts. She trembles with pleasure as his hands cup and massage them before lifting both of them to his mouth. He begins circling one hard nipple with his tongue while he pulls and twists the other between his fingers; then he switches sides, making her moan with passion. Then he opens his mouth wide to suck as much of her soft flesh as he can into his mouth while flicking his tongue over her nipples, making them even harder.

When the sensation becomes too much for her to bear, she slides off his lap and takes his hand, leading him off to the bedroom. Once there, they embrace passionately and share a long, breath-stealing kiss while his hands roam freely over her back and her butt.

When the kiss ends, she looks up at him and whispers, "You know what I want."

He gives her an evil grin, "Show me how bad you want it."

Sitting on the edge of the bed, she un-does his pants and drops them around his ankles. Taking his cock in her hands, she watches his reaction as she gently traces her fingertips up and down the bottom of his hard shaft before leaning forward to replace her fingers with her tongue. She licks up and down the shaft a few times, then begins swirling her tongue around the swollen head before slipping her lips over it. She pauses with the head firmly locked in her lips, swirling her tongue around the head while teasingly stroking his cock with her fingers; then begins massaging his balls as she slides her mouth up and down his throbbing manhood in long slow strokes, devouring him like she hasn't seen a man in years. 

When she feels his cock begin to swell in his mouth, Diane increases the tempo a little and starts sucking harder, coaxing him to cum in her waiting mouth. He groans loudly and thrusts his hips forward, driving his cock deep into Diane's sucking mouth as it explodes, throbbing in her mouth as it shoots stream after stream of hot, thick cum down her throat.

Looking up at him as his cock softens in her hand, "Are you convinced now?"

"Oh god yes," He says breathlessly. "I haven't had a good blowjob in years."

"I thought you might like that. I just hope you saved a little something for me."

"Oh yes. And now, it's my turn to pleasure you for a while."

James kicks off his pants, and pulls her to her feet, kneeling before her. He starts kissing and nibbling along the top of her waistband, then slowly pulls down her jeans. She sits on the bed, making it easier for him to slip her pants off; and then he grabs her ankles and spins her around, leaving her flat on her back. As he lies down on the bed beside her, he kisses her gently saying, "I have big plans for you. Now just close your eyes and enjoy it."

She lies back trembling with excitement as she feels his hands roam over her almost naked body, his tingling fingertips just brushing over her skin as they teasingly circle her nipples before moving down her sides to her knees, then up the inside of her thighs, just brushing her panty-covered mound as they move back up to her heaving breasts.

After teasing her like this for several long minutes, she feels him moving to lick and suck her hard nipples, then start slowly kissing his way down between her legs.

She can feel his fingers gently stroking her legs, then his tongue licking her skin. She sighs lightly as he runs his tongue up the inside of her thigh, stopping now and then to bite her skin lightly, teasing her as he moves slowly up toward her wet snatch. 

As he moves his hands up to her waist, he gently traces the outline of her panties with his fingers and begins to pull them down. Diane feels her panties being pulled down and lifts her butt off the bed to help. She can't help letting out a little moan as she feels his lips kissing the inside of her thigh, then his hot wet tongue starts working it's way toward her pussy.

He spreads her thighs apart and moves his head up over her cunt, taking in the musky smell of her arousal as he pushes his tongue between her moist lips. She throws her head back and moans loudly as he starts to swirl his tongue up and down her slit. All the lustful feelings that had been growing inside her since the day before are being unleashed as the waves of pleasure pulse through her as he finds her swollen clit and begins eagerly teasing it with his tongue, sending her into spasms of ecstasy. Filled with raw lust, she wriggles her hips uncontrollably, lifting up off the bed, grinding her cunt into his face. 

He moves his hands off her hips and gently slides them up her rib cage to find her round firm breasts. She moans loudly as he takes hold of a nipple and squeezes it, rubbing it between his fingers as he continues teasing her clit with his tongue. 

She reaches down and pushes his head hard into her pussy, as she humps her body wildly off the bed at him. Throwing her legs over his shoulders, she digs her heels into his back, arching her body as another wave of uncontrolled desire went through her like a bolt of electricity. 

"OH GOD!!! It's never been like this," Diane heard herself begging. "I need your cock baby ... I need it in me right now!" 

"Not until I've finished teasing you," he replied. 

He moves his hands down to spread her thighs a little more, and she feels the tingling warmth begins to spread through her body as he places his hands over her mound. The sensation intensifies as he slips a couple tingling fingers inside, stimulating her clit from the back side as he resumes his frontal assault with his tongue. 

Diane has never experience anything like it in her life. Her whole body felt like it was on fire as the tingling sensation continues to intensify until it explodes in a blinding flash of light. She cries out as an orgasmic tidal wave washes over her sending spasm after spasm of ecstasy rippling through her whole body. She grabs the headboard and holds it with a death grip as the ripples of pleasure ride through her whole body, lifting her lower body right off the bed. She can't control her herself as one orgasm after another shoots through her.

Looking up from between her thighs, James says teasingly, "Let me know if I do anything you like."

Diane just lay there breathing hard, trying to catch her breath. Her whole body is dripping with sweat and she is trembling uncontrollably as he starts kissing his way back up her body. 

As they meet face to face again, James pauses and looks deep into her eyes. Spreading her legs further, he moves up and impales her on the thick pole of his manhood. She wraps her legs around him as he begins taking long deep thrusts, rocking her body off the bed.

They move together as an undulating wave of sweaty flesh, gasping and moaning until Diane goes stiff; crying out in pleasure as another orgasmic wave slams through her body. 

When her orgasm subsides, he rolls over on his back to wait for her to recover. When she can move again, she rolls over and moves her body between his legs. She squeezes his cock firmly in her hands and after pumping it a couple times, she lowers her lips to the head and slips them over it while she massages his balls with her free hand. She then begins to suck hard as she slides her mouth up and down his hard shaft. 

After laying back to enjoy the sensation for a few minutes, James runs his fingers through her moist blonde hair saying, "That feels nice, but I'm not finished with you yet."

His cock slips from her lips with a loud pop as she looks up at him, "You're not??"

"Not yet. Get on top and ride it."

Diane climbs on top of him and straddles his hips. She slowly lowers herself onto his cock, her head back, her eyes closed, moaning with pleasure as she begins grinding her hips down and around on his cock. 

As Diane slowly rides up and down on his cock, James reaches up to massage her breasts in his hands before pulling the soft, fleshy orbs to him making her moan louder as he sucks and bites on her hard nipples. As the passion builds, he slides his hands down to her hips, and starts slamming her body down on his cock as he continues ramming upward into her soaking cunt, pounding her like she's never had it before.

As he picks up speed, Diane's moans of pleasure take on a fevered pitch; while James enjoys the show with her long blond hair flying into the air and her unfettered breasts bouncing wildly up and down in time with his thrusts. 

As she feels her orgasm building, she knows she can't hold out any longer; her legs are trembling and her pussy feels like it is about to explode ... "Oh god!" she screams as her pussy spasms uncontrollably around his cock. James starts fucking her harder as she starts to climax, her cries of passion echoing around the room. As her muscles clamp down on his cock, it explodes like an erupting volcano inside her, filling her with stream after stream of hot sticky cum before they collapse together in a sweaty heap.

When they can move again, he curls up next to her. Holding each other, they gently kiss. Looking deep into his eyes, "If I'd known it was going to be like this, I would have jumped your bones a long time ago."

"Hmm .... If I had known you wanted it that bad, I would have let you. Does Gerald work Friday?"