 "Hi Alexis!" Rob called, waving to his friend as she wakled up his driveway. He couldn't help admiring her thin, black legs in her short skirt and heeled boots. He'd been attracted to her since first meeting her at Long Shots, but had respected that they had met looking for just friends. She had a boyfriend, and he was married (although his relationship was very casual and open about sex with other partners).

"Hi Rob." Alexis came up the stairs and gave him a hug. He took secret pleasure in smelling the clean smell of her perfume before pulling back to open the door.

"I'm glad you found the place alright," Rob told her as he invited her inside. "GPS doesn't seem to like my neighborhood."

"I got turned around a bit, but nothing serious." Alexis started to shrug out of her coat so Rob took the shoulders and helped her out of it before hanging it up near the door.

"That's good." Rob led Alexis deeper into the house. "Let me give you the grand tour."

Rob led Alexis through the house, showing her the main rooms, kid's room, guest bathroom, and his bedroom and master bath. At the end of the tour, he led her outside to the garage where Tina and his kids were playing. He took a minute to introduce everyone, then Tina led the girls inside.

"Have fun with him Alexis," she said with a wink and a smile. "All the fun you want..." she called just before closing the door to the house, leaving the two of them alone.

"Uhm... here's the pool table." Rob said quietly, obviously trying to change the subject before Alexis asked any questions.

"I see that," she answered, laughing. "What did your wife mean as she was going inside?" she asked, despite Rob's feeble attempt to distract her.

"It's a bit complicated..." he answered nervously.

"How so?"

He cleared his throat, then told her "We have a bit of an open relationship, and since I've mentioned to her that I found you attractive..." he trailed off.

"What?" Alexis prodded after a short pause.

"That's, uhm...," he explained, "her way of telling you that she's okay with, uhm, us having sex if you wanted to." Rob blushed deeply, his entire head and neck turning red. Embarassed, he turned away from Alexis, busying his hands and giving himself an excuse to keep his head down by racking the balls on the table. He was embarrassed, but was more nervous about losing Alexis as a friend if she thought he was just friendly hoping to get between her legs.

When she touched his arm he twitched, but turned to face her. "It's okay," she told him. "I think it's kind of cute and funny."

"Should I break or do you want to?" he answered lamely. She just smiled and gestured at the table. He nodded, finished the rack, and started the game.

The two of them played a few games, drank a couple of beers, and took a bathroom break. When they came back, it was Alexis' turn to break. Rob had lost the last game, so he racked the balls. Alexis set herself up, lining up her shot, and when she was ready, she drew back the cue and hit.

The stick didn't hit solidly, and the rack barely broke apart.

"Crap!" Alexis complained. "I screwed that one up."

"It's alright," Rob told her. "I'll re-rack it and you can try it again." He did just that, then walked the cue ball back over to her. Setting it down, he said "Do you mind if I give you a little help?"

"No!" she exclaimed. "I'll take all the help you're willing to give me!"

"Okay. Go ahead and set up like you normally do, but don't hit the ball yet."

Alexis nodded and set up, bending over the table and lining up her shot. "Okay," Rob told her. "Now..." Rob stepped up behind her, putting his left hand on the table by the stick and his right hand over Alexis' hand on the stick. The position forced him to stand very close to her, close enough that his hips and crotch were pressed tightly against her ass and lower back. He cleared his throat gently, the earlier conversation about Tina's comment going through his head quickly.

"Port of your problem," he told her, "is that you keep trying to power your break with your whole arm, but all you should be moving is your lower arm, letting it pendulum." He moved his arm, demonstrating what he meant and moving the stick. "That gives you more control. Give it a try."

Alexis moved the stick as Rob had showed her, but when she did her whole body moved a little with the motion. It caused her ass to slide back and forth over Rob's cock, and he felt himself stiffening in his jeans. "Ok," he told her quietly, nervous. "When you're ready, go ahead and hit, but only move that part of your arm."

"Ok." Alexis answered, and Rob could swear she sounded amused.

Rob stayed where he was to help guide Alexis' arm as she hit. The hit was clean and solid, and the break was good, but Rob didn't really notice right away. When she hit the ball, the force of the hit pushed her body back and her ass ground once, hard, against Rob's already stiffening cock, making it stiffen one final time to it's full size.

"How was that, Rob?" Alexis asked.

"Rob?" she asked when he didn't answer. She let go of the stick, leaving it in Rob's hand as she turned to face him, still between his arms. When she turned, her ass and hip rubbed against his hard cock again, making him turn bright red with embarrassment. "What's wrong, Rob?" she asked him.

"Uhm..." he stammered. "Nothing, uhm, nothing is wrong."

"It wasn't as hard as I thought it would be,"she told him, a smile painted large on her face.

"No. No, it's not hard at all," Rob said, the color on his face deepening.

Alexis' smile got deeper as she looked up at Rob. "Oh, I think you're 'plenty' hard." She reached out quickly, and before Rob could react, she had grabbed hold of his cock through his jeans and given it a squeeze. He stepped back quickly, shock written across his face.

"Alexis..." he said, but paused, not sure how to finish. He wanted this to continue, had fantasized about it in fact, but wasn't willing to sacrifice their friendship for it.

"Tina did tell me to have 'all' the fun with you I wanted..." Alexis said, then hopped up to sit on the edge of the pool table. She leaned over and took his hand, drawing him to her. "Besides, you aren't the only one who enjoyed your cock being all over my ass." That said, she spread her legs and slipped Rob's hand between them and under her skirt.

Alexis' thighs were the first things other than her hand that his touched. They were silky smooth and so warm to the touch that they were almost hot. With her eyes on Rob's the whole time, Alexis very slowly moved his hand up her thighs and he could feel it warming up until it pressed against Alexis' panty-less, neatly-trimmed pussy. She sighed as she moved his hand up and down her pussy lips a few times, then let him go. He pulled his hand back and wasn't surprised to find it slick and glistening with Alexis' juices.

"If you can't tell, I really like it too."

"Yeah..." Rob answered slowly as he brought his hand up to his mouth almost automatically. "I think I got that part." Without really thinking about it first, Rob licked Alexis' juices from his hand, enjoying the sweet, musky taste on his tongue.

"Good?" Alexis asked, her good humor evident in her voice and deep, seductive smile. When he nodded, she leaned back, bracing herself with her hands behind her on the table and spread her legs further. "Would you like to take it straight from the source?" she asked by way of invitation.

Rob didn't say anything, just sank slowly to his knees in answer. Alexis lifted her legs and rested them comfortable on his shoulders as he leaned in. He used his hands to push her skirt up to her waist them rested them on the edge of the table. Very gently, he kissed the inside of Alexis' right thigh and took encouragement from her quiet sigh.

Slowly, Rob kissed his way up Alexis' smooth, chocolate-colored thighs, alternation thighs with every kiss until he reached her wet, hot pussy. He placed a soft kiss on her pink lips, then probed slowly with his tongue. It slipped easily between her lips as he began a slow and steady exploration of the new pussy. Licking gently between her lips, around them and over them. He explored every fold of pink and brown flesh, leaving her clit for last as he began to learn the intricacies of flavor, smell, and texture that had been gifted to him.

Rob took his time, slowly lifted both Alexis and himself to new heights of arousal until Alexis interrupted his explorations. "Oh Rob..." she sighed. "Make me cum... I want you to make me cum..."

Lengthening the strokes of his tongue, Rob began to run it over Alexis' already hard clit with every stroke. He kept his pace slow, varying only in the way he stroked. A flat tongue straight up her slit, the tip of his tongue flicked gently over her clit, a hard probe of his tongue like a small, wet cock into her pussy. Alexis' breathing grew more ragged as she drew closer to orgasm. Finally, she tightened her thighs onto his head. "Oooh Rob!" she groaned as she started to shake, her orgasm slow to release but very intense all the way to the finish. As she was cumming, Rob found it oddly satisfying to be in the submissive position. Normally, he was the dominant one but Alexis had clearly taken charge and he was more than willing to go with it.

When she opened her legs, Rob got up enough to move into the nearby chair, giving Alexis time to recover and allowing her to make the next move. Once her breathing calmed, she got down from the pool table and moved to stand in fromt of Rob. "That was wonderful," she told him quietly before kissing him gently on the lips. "Thank you."

"You're welcome."

Alexis pulled Rob to his feet and began to undo his pants. As she unzipped them she said "I'd like to give as good as I got." She got to her knees in front of him and pulled his jeans down to his ankles and followed them with his underwear. His still hard cock fell free to stand out in front of him, seven inches long, average thickness, and it and his balls were shaved clean of all hair. She wrapped a hand around it and began to stroke it gently. "Sit back down," she said.

Alexis kept hold of Rob's stiff cock as he sat back down, continuing to softly stroke him. He couldn't help but moan softly and close his eyes as Alexis slowly wrapped her hot, moist mouth around the head of his cock. She teased the tip of his cock, flicking her tongue over it, swirling it around the head. Rob's head fell back and he moaned again as Alexis lowered her head an inch, sucking more of his cock into her mouth. She pulled up again slowly, teasing him for another couple of minutes before slipping down again, further.

Alexis evidently enjoyed sucking cock, and was certainly good at it. As she sucked him in and out of her mouth, she gently twisted her head from side to side, rubbed his head over the roof of her mouth, and swirled her tongue around his head, varying the sensations and driving him wild. He wasn't sure exactly when she started, but when he lifted his head to watch her dark, succulent lips wrapped around his white cock, he saw that her skirt was still up around her waist and she was busily fingering her dripping wet pussy.

"Oh... Alexis, I'm getting close,"Rob moaned, trying to warn her as he felt his chest getting tighter, his balls tensing, and his cock flushing with more blood.

"Mmmmm..." The sound of anticipation vibrated through her mouth, making his dick tingle. Alexis lifted her eyes to look Rob in the face as she sped up a little, eager to make him cum, wanting to taste it. Her fingers worked her pussy faster at the same time; she wanted to cum with him. Rob's balls tightened a few seconds later and he groaned aloud as his cock twitched and sprayed his thick, hot, salty cum deep into Alexis' mouth, which she swallowed fast before pulling her mouth from Rob's cock and groaning as she came again, soaking her hand in pussy juice.

Alexis and Rob both took a couple of minutes to wind down and catch their breath, until Rob started to soften. Alexis reached out and took a hold of him again, stroking him back to full staff. "Oh no!"she chided him with a smile. "That better not be all you have for me. I'm not ready to be done yet."

"Looks to me like it's ready to go again,"Rob told her with a smile. "What did you have in mind?"

"Well, if you have a condom, I'm aching to have my pussy filled..." she told him, leering at him with a hungry look in her eyes.

"I have several in the house, but I can promise you I'm clean."

"I'm not worried about that because you're military. I figured that much already. I just don't need another baby daddy," she explained.

Rob smiled, knowing he already had a solution to her worry. "No need to worry abouy that, either. I had a vasectomy over a year ago. I'll go inside and get one though, if you prefer..."

"You can't get me pregnant?" Alexis asked. "You're sure?"

"100%," he told her with a smile.

Alexis smiled back and stood up, keeping her hand wrapped firmly around Rob's cock. She stepped forward, straddling his lap and the chair before slowly squatting down. She guided Rob's cock into her pussy as she sat on his lap and they both moaned as her soaked, tight pussy slid over him all the way to the base. "Oh Rob, that feels so good,"she whispered as he wrapped his arms around her back and pulled her tight to him.

"Yes it does," he told her before gently taking her earlobe into his mouth and sucking on it. She sighed, then pulled away enough to free his mouth for a soft but passionate kiss. Her tongue slipped between his lips, dancing with his until she pulled back for air.

Alexis used her legs to lift herself up, sliding her tight pussy almost off of Rob's cock before lowering herself down. Watching his face, Alexis slowly fucked him in his chair for several minutes, gasping and sighing as he hit a sensitive spot or her clit rubbed against him. When her legs got too tired to continue, she sat back down all the way on him and started rocking her hips back and forth, sliding him in and out of her slick pussy that way.

Rocking back and forth caused Alexis' clit to rub across Rob with every movement, and she came for a third time shortly after. Once she did, Rob stopped her to change positions, since her neatly trimmed hair was rough against his shaved skin. He wrapped his arms around her and picked her up as he stood up, then walked the two of them to the pool table. He set Alexis down on the edge as she giggled, and she leaned back and braced herself up with her hands. Rob gripped her hips and began to fuck her, deep, fast strokes.

Rob fucked Alexis while she rubbed her clit with a finger, and the two of them made her cum two more times before Rob thrust forward one last time as he filled her with jizz. The two of them collapsed onto the pool table, Rob on top of Alexis as they caught their breath. When he was able to, Rob got up straight and pulled his cock from Alexis, laughing quietly as he watched his cum slip from her and run down into the crack of her ass to pool on the edge of the table. 

"Let me help you sit up." Rob offered her his hand, then pulled her back up to a sitting position. He pulled his underwear and pants back on as Alexis stood up and pulled her skirt back down.

"You're good," Alexis told him, sounding very pleased as she wrapped her arms around Rob and gave him a hug. "We're going to do this again."

"I'd like that Alexis," Rob told her, "as long as we stay friends, I'd like that a lot."

Alexis gave him a quick peck on the cheek and with a smile she told him "Next time, I might even give you my ass, since you obviously like it so much." Rob could only grin.

To Be Continued?