 Carly heard loud voices coming from the control room.

"Every time you change something, the process goes to shits!"

Carly got up and hurried into the control room. Sure enough, the control room operator, Sam was squaring off with Rovan, a process engineer at their plant.

"I'm telling you this won't work!" Sam told Rovan. 

Before Rovan could say anything more, Carly stepped in and said "Guys! Please! Stop."

Both turned towards her. Carly continued "Guys, you can't have another argument like the last one! Come here, both of you and let's talk through this." Indeed, their last argument had gotten so bad that both had been disciplined for it.

She motioned them to come close to her. Sam came first and put his arm around her. Carly put her own arm under his and pulled him close. She then motioned for Rovan to come on her right side and pulled him close too.

"Now guys, we're going to remain calm and talk through this. You know that I like both of you and only want to help, right? First, Rovan will explain to me what he wants to do. Then, Sam will explain why he objects and then we'll clarify any misunderstandings and hopefully come to some agreement. Okay?"

Both men nodded. And Carly asked Rovan to go first. At one point, Sam tried to interrupt but Carly shushed him. When he was done, Carly asked Sam to explain his position. When Rovan tried to interject, Carly shushed him too. When both were done, Carly asked a few questions for clarification. She asked both men if they understood each other's positions. They agreed. She then made a suggestion for a compromise. Within a few minutes, they had come to an agreeable compromise. 

Before letting them go, Carly said "I knew we could come to a peaceful agreement if we listened to each other." And then she gently kissed Rovan on the temple and let him go. She then turned to Sam and, like she'd done to Rovan, planted a kiss on his temple and said "Go do the changes. Thanks for agreeing to this." 

Carly then left and went back to her office. She was still standing when, a few moments later, Sam showed up in her office. He walked in and closed the door behind him. Carly turned around to face him. 

Sam said "A kiss on the temple just doesn't do it for me, this is what I want as a kiss." 

Sam then gently grabbed her face and kissed her on the lips. Soon, he parted his lips and pushed the tip of his tongue between her lips. Carly didn't resist and, putting her hands on his hips, she allowed him entry. For a few moments, Sam kissed her gently yet deeply, leaving her breathless. Then, he abruptly pulled away and said "Now that is how I like to be kissed."

He took two steps towards the door and Carly said "Stop!"

Sam stopped and looked at her.

Carly said "You can't go out there with a tent in your pants."

Sam looked down and saw the bulge in his pants.

Not letting him say anything, Carly started talking shop talk, talking about the process and about process problems. When he had regained his composure Sam said "You're good." And he left her office and went back to the control room.

A few minutes later, Carly's phone rang and from the call display, she saw that it was Sam.

"Hello?"

"For the record, what you saw and felt was only about half way there, if you understand what I mean."

"Okay." Carly said hesitantly.

"You're not following, are you?"

"Not really. Sorry."

"The reason you wouldn't let me leave your office right away?"

"Oh!"

"Now do you get it when I say it was only at half mast?"

"Yes, you don't have to say anything more!" 

"Well, I just wanted to make sure you understood that this wasn't the final product, you know?"

"I get it, Sam. But it doesn't really matter, does it?"

"Why not?"

"You're married, Sam. I don't dally with married men. That kiss was nice but it can't happen again."

"Carly, I'm separated."

"What?" Carly was surprised. She hadn't heard about his separation at all.

"I'll have to tell you about it later, someone's coming."

Unfortunately, the rest of the day was busy for both of them. Carly didn't get to hear the rest of the story. She was definitely intrigued. Yet this revelation made past events make sense. When he'd first come to the plant, Sam had been so full of himself – the arrogance of youth and a lot of people around had taken upon themselves to make him eat humble pie. Carly had simply avoided him and his high and mighty attitude. He'd calmed down and settled down a lot. Now, ten years later, he'd become a very competent control room operator and was respected by his peers. And Carly no longer avoided him, going into the control room to discuss the process and other topics. In the last few months, he'd become more affectionate with her, putting his arm around her shoulders when she went to the control room for information. The first time had surprised her.  But as she found it pleasant, she'd let it happen and even sought it on occasion, being on her own herself and sometimes craving human touch.

Carly was disappointed that they'd been too busy to reconnect as it was Sam's last shift that week. She went home and ate dinner. As she was finishing off the dishes, Carly heard the doorbell. When she opened the door, she was surprised to see Sam there. 

"Hi!"

"Hi. May I come in?"

"Sure."

As soon as the door was closed behind him, Sam pulled Carly to him and kissed her, playing in her hair which was now down from the braid she usually wore at work. Carly immediately responded to the kiss. At one point, Sam pulled away and asked:

"How come you never wear your hair down at work? It's so beautiful and soft!"

"I can't have you or others playing in my hair and turning me on at work, can I?"

"This turns you on?"

Sam joined action to words and gently played in her hair.

"Mmmm, yes it does."

Sam gave her another quick kiss and said

"That's good to know. Now, why don't we head for your couch for a while so I can tell you what happened."

They made their way to the living room and sat next to each other on the couch. There, Sam told her how he'd become a divorced man.

"One morning after a night shift, I was in the washroom and I dropped something in the garbage can. As I reached in to retrieve it, I found an open condom wrapper. Figuring it had to be my wife's, I confronted her. She told me that it wasn't hers and that it had to be our daughter's. Our daughter was only 14 at the time so I protested that it couldn't be. But she convinced me and said that she'd talk to our daughter, that it would be less embarrassing for our daughter to deal with mom than dad. About two weeks later, my daughter and I were working in the garage together when she decided to ask questions about boys. After a while, I asked her if she had ever been with a guy and she said no, that she wasn't ready. That's when I figured out that my wife had lied. So I took my time and gathered some evidence and proved to her that I knew she was cheating on me. So I moved out and we've been sharing custody of the kids. And that's how I ended up by myself."

"Wow. I can't believe she tried to blame a 14 year old!"

"I couldn't believe it either. Even though I had agreed to let her talk to our daughter, I still had my doubts. I was right."

"How did your kids take all of this?"

"They don't know the details, only that mom's with a new guy and dad's living somewhere else. I think that there are so many kids with divorced parents these days that they're kind of blasé about it, you know?"

"In a way, that's good." 

"It is. But even though my kids seem to accept my ex wife's new relationship, I'm not ready to jump into one myself. I like you, I find you very attractive and I really enjoyed the kissing but all I can offer right now is a physical relationship. I don't want a full relationship right now."

"So friends with benefits, eh?"

"Something like that. You okay with that?"

"On one condition."

"What's that?"

"Our friendship with benefits must remain strictly between the two of us. I insist on absolute discretion."

"I understand and I want the same thing. After all, I could get really razzed if anyone at work found out I was cavorting with the other side!" He teased her, reaching for her hair.

Carly smiled and closed her eyes at the touch in her hair. Sam scooted closer and pulled her closer to him. Gently, he kissed her lips. 

"You want this as much as I do?" He asked, hesitant to go further. 

"Oh yeah!"

Carly pulled Sam to her and kissed him, showing him just how much she did want him. As he played in her hair, their tongues dueled for control. Carly felt herself melt, the wetness in her core increasing. Their hands started roaming, caressing each other through their clothes. After a while, they stopped and without talking, got up and made their way to Carly's room. 

Once in there, Carly pulled Sam's shirt out of his pants and reached under his shirt to feel his back. He stopped kissing her for just enough time to remove the shirt and allow her full access. Carly took full advantage of it and caressed his chest and shoulders and arms and back. She continued her exploration as they resumed kissing. Soon, it was his turn to want to take her top off and access her skin. When he saw her satiny bra, he let out a short whistle and made her smile.

He caressed her breasts through the bra, causing her nipples to stiffen. As he did so, their eyes met and held each other for a few seconds. Carly felt a connection and her desire for this man went through the roof. 

She turned him towards the bed and pulled at his belt. He had to help her and they made short work of ridding him of his pants and socks. Then, she pushed him down on the bed and kissed her way from his chest down to his swelling cock. She wrapped her hand around it and gently squeezed. Sam moaned and threw his head back, leaving her to do whatever she wanted. And what she wanted was to feast on the fine cock in front of her.

She caressed him, delaying the pleasure. His breathing was changing, indicating that her caresses were giving him pleasure. Then, she licked his cock from base to head, causing him to raise his hips and moan. She engulfed him in her warm mouth and moaned herself. The feel and taste of his cock were heaven. Slowly, she made love to his cock, ensuring that each part of it got attention. As she felt his defenses break down, she increased her tempo and the pressure she put on him. Suddenly, his hands made their way into her hair and he held her head still. Then, she felt him spurt down her throat and she applied suction to swallow it all. Sam groaned as his orgasm rocked him. When he was done, he pulled her up and had her lay down next to him.

"Give me a moment, sweetie?"

"No problem!"

They cuddled for a few minutes and he caressed her arm and her hair as he caught his breath. Then, he rolled her over and started kissing her again, his hand caressing her stomach and her breasts. Then, he pulled back and said "As nice as this bra is, it's time for it to come off." 

Once she had gotten rid of the bra, he dove in and teased her nipples, driving her mad. As he continued lavishing her breasts with his mouth and tongue, his hand made its way into her pants. He caressed her mound, causing her to moan in appreciation. Then, as he tried to pull his hand out, he found himself caught by his watch and had to ask for her help.

They both chuckled as Carly reached down to undo her pants and free his hand. He took off the watch and set it on the nightstand and then worked at removing her pants. As soon as he had access, he caressed her legs and kissed a trail up her leg and thigh. When he reached her wet pussy, it was her turn to lift up her hips from the bed. He licked her slit and slowly teased her before finally focusing and pushing her towards the edge. She gripped the sheets as she got near, moaning almost non-stop under his expert tongue. Inserting his fingers inside her wet pussy, he pumped in and out, finally pushing her over the edge into the beautiful abyss of an orgasm.

He didn't let her come back down from her high and plunged into her. Both of them sharply grasped for air at the intense feeling of the connection. For a minute, he didn't move, allowing them both to feel the moment. Carly wrapped her legs and her arms around him and tilted her pelvis to force some movement. Following her lead, Sam started moving in and out. He moved slowly and deliberately at first, taking the time to kiss her and to caress her while her hands also roamed all over his body.

Then, as their pleasure increased, they both had to stop kissing to be able to breathe and both increased the pace, racing towards the reward. 

Sam urged her "Come baby, come for me. I want to hear you and feel you on my cock." He then somehow managed to hold himself up on his elbows and reach for her nipples with both hands, tweaking them between his thumbs and forefingers.

It didn't take much longer and Carly was feeling her second orgasm of the evening. She tightened her pussy muscles around his cock and arched her back. He let go of her nipples and pushed himself up to reach deeper within her. He plunged deep one last time and groaned his own release. 

After a few minutes of panting, they caught their breaths and he pulled out and laid next to her. He then asked "Can friends with benefits spend the night?"

"I think so", Carly replied with a smile. "You just can't move in."

"It's a deal."

They cuddled and talked for a while and then agreed to sleep.