 After a busy day waiting tables in her local cafe, Meg unlocked the door to her tiny apartment and threw her keys onto the kitchen counter. Kicking off her shoes, she sank down onto the couch, and rested her aching feet on the coffee table. What she wouldn't give for a foot massage after a long day of standing on her feet. 

She'd have to settle for a warm, soapy bath. She padded barefoot to the bathroom and turned on the taps. She added a few drops of her favourite bath oil and started to get undressed. She removed her apron and button-down uniform until she stood in front of the bathroom mirror in her underwear. She studied the woman looking back at her.

She had always looked younger than her 26 years and her long blonde hair, now released from the bun she was required to have for work, was one of her best features. She had lost weight, she noticed as she turned to her side to get a better view. This was unsurprising considering she'd been on the heartbreak diet. Thankfully her breasts remained full and were barely contained by the lacy bra she wore. She might have to wear a functional uniform but she could at least have the satisfaction of wearing something feminine and sexy beneath it. 

She was just beginning to get her confidence back after her messy breakup with David, her boyfriend of 2 years. Meg had caught him, quite literally, with his pants down. While Meg was hard at work, David took the opportunity to bring home his secretary and fuck her in their bed. Meg had decided to finish early to surprise him, and surprise him she did as she walked in on him buried deep inside a woman she considered a friend. Meg left him and their beautiful home and moved into her tiny apartment on the other side of the city. 

The only positive was now living only a few streets away from her oldest friend, Kate. She made a mental note to call her after her bath. 

Unhooking her bra and peeling down her thong, Meg climbed into her now full bath. As she lay down she felt the tension of the day slowly start to drain away. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the feel of the water caressing her body.

"Mmm," she moaned. She'd waited all day for this. She ran her hands over her breasts and her nipples hardened in response. Almost immediately she felt the throb between her legs.

Meg sighed. David may be a jerk but she missed the physical side of their relationship. She ached to be touched, to be filled. She wanted sex! However, she was wasn't the type for one night stands and she certainly wasn't looking for another relationship, but she needed to do something about that ache.

She let her fingers run over her soapy nipples. Her breasts had always been sensitive and she missed the feel of a man's hands on them. She squeezed and tugged on her nipples, feeling the effects right between her legs.

She allowed one hand to slide down her body under the water as the other hand continued to tug and squeeze her nipple. Her fingers found her smooth pussy. David had always liked her to shave and it was a habit she hadn't gotten out of. 

She ran the palm of her hand of her smoothness and then slid one finger between her pussy lips as she found her clit. She was already wet, and not just from the bath water. She began to rub her clit, circling her finger over the tip of it. It felt amazing.

Her movements became quicker and more forceful as her breathing also became faster. She slid her hand lower so she could slide one finger deep inside her pussy, quickly followed by a second. She lay there like that, just fucking herself with her fingers. 

She felt the tension build as her climax approached. She was right on the brink but seemed unable to let go. She slammed her fingers into her wet pussy, squeezed her nipple with her other hand and even imagined the cute guy she had served at work today fucking her - but nothing worked.

This was the second time this week she'd been unable to bring herself off. She certainly wanted to but there was just something stopping her. She groaned in frustration as she withdrew her fingers from her pussy. Feeling cross and completely unsatisfied, she climbed out the bath. She wrapped herself in her fluffy robe, grabbed her phone and made her way to her bedroom.

She flopped down on her bed and began to dial her best friend's number. If she couldn't rely on an orgasm to cheer her up, she would try a chat with her bestie. 

Her friend's house phone rang and rang until at last it was answered by a male voice. 

"Hello, Kate's house," the deep voice answered. 

"Hi, who is this?" Meg asked, surprised to hear a male voice since Kate was single and lived alone.

"It's Paul. Meg is that you?"

Meg felt her body relax as she suddenly recognised Kate's brother's voice, relieved she wasn't casually chatting to an intruder.

"Paul! What are you doing there? Where's Kate? You stealing things out of her fridge again?" Meg asked in a teasing voice.

"Busted. No, Kate had to go out of town, she's got an interview for that job she applied for so I'm staying here looking after Mitzi."

Mitzi was Kate's spoilt little Shitzu who hated everyone but her beloved owner. 

"Ha! Good luck with that one!"

"Urgh, I know, I've already almost lost a finger. Did you want Kate for something urgent? You can probably get her on her mobile?"

"No, it's okay," Meg sighed. "I just wanted a bit of cheering up."

"You could always talk to me. I'm kind of hilarious."

Meg could almost see the twinkle in Paul's dark brown eyes. While Kate was fair and petite, her brother was tall, broad and dark. His dark brown hair was cut short and his handsome face always seemed to have a grin on it. Meg had always had a bit of a secret crush on him, but never uttered a word, knowing he saw her as another sister.

Meg lay back against her fluffy pillow and smiled. 

"Ok then, funny boy. Entertain me."

"Well, I broke up with Celia yesterday."

"What? That's not funny!"

"Ah c'mon, you and Kate hated her! That's bound to cheer you up!"

"We didn't hate her, we just... Okay yeah, we hated her!" 

"Ha, I knew it! I was getting bored of her constant moaning."

"What was she moaning about?"

Paul lowered his voice to a whisper. "She kept complaining my cock was too big," he said deadpan.

Meg spluttered with laughter. That was not what she was expecting to hear! 

"Told you I could cheer you up." Meg could hear the smile in his voice.

"I just can't believe you said the word cock to me!" Meg giggled.

"I'm sorry milady, have I offended your sensitive, delicate little ears?"

"No! But I can't help thinking you wouldn't have said that to Kate."

"You're not Kate though. You're not my sister. Far from it."

Meg thought about that last comment. What did that mean? Far from it? 

"So anyway," Paul's voice interrupted her thoughts. "What are you up to?" 

"Right now? I just got out of the bath and now I'm lying on my bed talking to you."

There was a moment of silence.

"A bath, huh? I hope you're decent. A lady should never converse with a gentlemen while in the nude." 

"No, I'm not nude. I have a bathrobe to cover my dignity."

"It's not your dignity I'm worried about covering. It's your massive tits!"

"Paul!" Meg exclaimed in shock. He had never made even the slightest comment about her body in the past. She flushed as she imagined him looking at her breasts.

She heard Paul's deep chuckle. 

"Sorry, I couldn't resist. The thought of you almost naked and just out of the bath is distracting."

Meg wasn't sure how to respond. They had never talked to each other like this before. She knew she shouldn't but Meg was enjoying it. 

"Would you like me to put some clothes on, Paul?" she flirted. 

She held her breath, waiting for his response.

"I really, really don't."

Meg smiled in spite of herself.

"In fact, the mental image is really quite something," Paul murmured.

"Yeah?" Meg whispered, barely trusting herself to speak. "What do you see?"

"Well in my head, your bathrobe is open at the top. You're lying on your bed, your gorgeous hair splayed across your pillow. I can see your breasts, Meg. They're big and beautiful just like I knew they would be."

Paul paused as Meg felt her breathing quicken and the throb between her legs was back.

"Should I carry on?" Paul asked in a low voice"

"Yes," Meg breathed.

"I can see your body. Those curves that have driven me crazy for years. Your tiny waist, your curvy hips. Your gorgeous legs half covered by your robe, hiding what I really need to see."

Meg swallowed hard.

"Paul..." She murmured.

"I know, babe," he said simply.

The silence stretched between them until Paul asked, "I can hear you moving about. What are you doing?"

Meg hesitated just for a moment and admitted, "I've taken off my robe."

"Fuck!" Paul exclaimed. "Oh fucking hell, Meggie, you're killing me." 

She usually didn't like it when he called her Meggie but tonight she loved the sound of her name on his lips. 

She ran a finger between her cleavage and over a nipple.

Her body was still aching from the orgasm she was earlier denied. 

"Have you had sex since that fucker David?" Paul asked.

"No."

"He's a dick. If I had you in my bed I'd never leave it. And neither would you." 

"I thought you saw me a sister," Meg confessed.

"A sister?! God, no. Trust me, Meggie, my feelings are anything other than brotherly. I wouldn't be lying here with a raging hard-on if I thought of you as a sister."

Meg couldn't help the moan that escaped her lips at the thought of him lying there with an erection. 

"In fact, if milady doesn't object, I think I might catch up and take off a few layers myself?" 

"Take them all off," Meg found herself whispering. She listened as she heard the rustle of movement, closing her eyes and imagining him removing his clothes, exposing his erection. He was tall and broad, she was sure his cock would be impressive.

"Okay, we're even Meggie. Now what do we do about it?" 

"I don't know," Meggie flushed, still not quite believing she was doing this with her best friend's brother. Flirting was one thing, but this was way beyond that.

"If I was there we wouldn't be talking, that's for sure," Paul confessed.

"Yeah? What would we be doing then?" Meg felt suddenly brave and she felt herself giving in to the ache between her legs.

"Well to start, I'd finally find out what it would be like to kiss you. I'd let my tongue find yours and just take my time. I want to tangle my fingers in your beautiful hair and make you forget everything other than my mouth on yours."

"Mmm. That sounds amazing. Then what would happen?" Meg murmured.

"Well, I'd let my lips drop on to your neck and run my hand over your naked body. Over your stomach and up over your breasts. Meggie, this isn't the first time I've laid here thinking about your tits. They get me hard every time I look at them. Remember that party a few years back where you and Kate went as slutty nurses? I'll never forget how hot you looked. Your tits pushed up high, your skirt showing off your amazing legs, I wanted to touch you. I wanted to drag you back to my house and fuck you senseless. But David had you and that drove me crazy." 

"He doesn't have me now," Meg reminded him. 

"Exactly. Meggie...?"

"Yes," she breathed.

"I need you to touch yourself how I want to touch you. I need you to take those pretty little fingers and just work your nipples between them."

Meg did as she was told. She gently let her fingers run over her breasts and took each nipple between two fingers and rolled and squeezed them. 

"Fuck, yes," she moaned. 

"That's it baby. You sound so fucking hot. Tug on them now, just gently. Now I want you to slide your fingers in your mouth and just get them wet for me. That's it, good girl. Now go back to your nipples. Imagine your wet fingers are my mouth, swirling my tongue over them, sucking them into my mouth. Meggie, I'm stroking my cock for you. I need this." 

"Me too," Meg admitted, her breath coming in quick gasps. "I haven't cum in over a month."

"A month? Oh baby, I'm going to make it worth your wait. I'm going to make this good for you."

Meg imagined him lying back on his bed, naked like she was, stroking his cock. Perhaps rolling a thumb over the tip of his cock as it leaked a drop of precum. 

"Paul...?"

"Yeah babe?"

She took a deep breath. "If I was there, I'd take you in my mouth." 

"Fuck!" 

She heard the sharp intake of breath and feeling bold she continued. "I'd take my time. I'd run my tongue over the tip of your cock, just to taste you. Then slowly I'd wrap my lips around your cock, sucking you into my mouth. I'd let my tongue swirl around your cock as I took you deeper into my mouth. And then I'd go for it. I'd let my lips slide right down to the base of your cock, feeling you hit the back of my throat and not stopping for a second. I'd deep throat you Paul. I'd make you cum down the back of my throat."

"Jesus, fucking, Christ! Meg, you need to touch your pussy for me right now. If I was there my head would be between your spread legs and I'd take all fucking night tasting you and licking you and making you cum. You need to use your fingers babe. Rub your clit for me. I bet you pussy is so fucking pretty." 

Meg's hand slipped between her legs and felt the wetness there. She let a finger find her clit and rubbed it just like she had earlier in the bath. Fuck, it felt so good. She groaned.

"That's it sexy. Keep going. Rub that clit for me and imagine me circling it with my tongue. I wouldn't stop until you'd cum against my face."

"Paul..." Meg moaned, desperately. 

"What do you need baby?"

"I need my fingers." 

"Fuck. Go on baby. Do it. Slide your fingers inside your pussy. God, I bet you look amazing. I'm so turned on. Fuck your pussy. Flick them inside you."

There was no longer any need for words as they both worked themselves. There was just the wet sound of two people masturbating furiously. Their moans and sounds of encouragement spurred them both on. 

"Paul, I'm close..."

"Me too baby. I want to cum with you. Go for it baby. Fuck yourself and imagine it's me. And tell me when."

Meg flicked her two fingers deep inside her pussy and she rubbed at her clit with her thumb. She could feel the tension mounting and felt her legs stiffen as she shouted "now!"

"Fuck, yes now, baby. Now! Now! Now!"

Meg wasn't denied her orgasm this time. Her fingers continue to flick and twist as she moaned Paul's name over and over as the waves of pleasure washed over her body. 

She could hear Paul's heavy breathing on the end of the phone. Hearing him cum for her was one of the sexiest experiences of her life. Her whole body was shaking.

"Meggie. Meggie, Meggie, Meggie." He whispered. "That was fucking incredible."

"Mmm," Meg responded, barely even capable of forming words.

"If I was there, your first orgasm would just be the start." 

"I feel I could go all night," Meg murmured.

"That's it!" Paul all but shouted as she heard movement from the other end of the line.

"What?" She questioned.

"I'm coming over."

End of part one. 