 As the manager of a night club offers from women come quite often and most of the time for reasons other than uncontrollable passion. Most of the time they are looking for free admission, free drinks, or drinks when they are underage. In this state you can get in a night club at the age of 18 but cannot drink unless you are over 21. Keeping this in mind I'll tell you this story.

Things were going as planned at the club. Two bands were scheduled to play and they were on time and being quite accommodating. At around 11:30 I was summoned to the front door by my bouncer. When I got there I saw one of the hottest chicks that has ever entered the building. The doorman introduced her as Candi and said that she needed to speak to me. I'm not always taken by these kinds of situations and didn't plan to be suckered into this one. 

"How can I help you?" I asked.

"I was wondering if you were hiring any waitresses or shooter-girls?" she said, looking almost through me with her beautiful eyes.

"Not right now, but if you would like to fill out and application I'll keep you in mind." I said as I motioned for her to come to the office.

I noticed that as we went through the crowd, every swinging dick in the place was following her with their eyes. I should tell you that the crowd is predominantly ages 18-25, I on the other hand am 38. I'm guessing Candi to be 19 tops. With that said, as much as I'd love to pleasure this young lady, I'm quite a bit out of her age bracket.

When we got to the office and closed the door I asked "do you have any experience as a waitress?"

She proceeded to inform me that she wasn't really looking for a job, she just wanted to talk to me about making this club her hang out. See she was attending the local university as a first semester freshman. 

"I just turned 18 two days ago." she informed me.

"Wow. Well, I don't see any reason that you can't make this your hang-out for your time in school."

"Well, I've been to several bars and none of them will let me drink and it's just no fun to be out partying and not being able to drink. I was..."

I cut her off, "You are only 18 and that means you're not able to drink at any clubs around here."

"I know what the rules are, but I was hoping to make a special arrangement with you." she said with a wickedly innocent smile.

At this point I know from several years of doing this job that the offer was on the table and it was now or never. 

I walked straight over to her and kissed her deeply. She was hesitant but willing. I began to slowly explore her body with my hands as she sucked on my tongue. It was like no kiss I'd ever received. It was like she was giving a blowjob to my tongue. I was picking up the pace with my hands. I was in her shirt in no time lightly pinching her nipples until she broke our kiss to sign loudly. She leaned back against the wall for support and I took the opportunity to unzip my pants and pull out my stiffening cock.

"Is something like this what you had in mind when you said 'arrangement'?"

"Yea. But not a quickie. Come here." she said as she moved toward the couch.

We took the time to undress. I'm out of my league but thanks to an earlier visit from the local "pharmaceutical rep" I'm not fully hard and I know that this is going to be one hell of a good time.

"Are you sure about this?" I asked.

"Yea. Once a week you can have me any way you want and I can drink anything I want and put it on your tab."

I'm not thinking with the right head. "Cool. But you'd better be careful throwing words like 'any way you want' around with me. I'm older, have done more and have a better imagination than boys your age." Not to mention I've got the coke hornies and half numb cock.

"Anything. " was all she said before resuming the 'tongue job'.

Both naked we fall back on the couch. As much as I'm enjoying the kissing and groping I have to taste her pussy. I slide down between her legs and find a beautifully trimmed cunt with only a few wisps of red hair. I can't be stopped now. I suck her clit into my mouth, gentle at first and then I put a vacuum-like suction to it.

"AAAAWWWW MY GGGGOOOOD! What are you doing?" she cried

"I'm gonna show you a time that none of those 18 year old guys could imagine. You like it?"

"Please don't stop. Eat me. Lick and suck my pussy."

I proceed to continue to eat the sweetest pussy I've ever been near. Thinking I can't do anything to top the reaction she just gave, I continue to suck her clit and innocently stick a finger in her folds.

"JESUS CHRIST! What's going on?" she yelled louder than the last time.

I start to move in and out with my finger searching for her g-spot. "You've never cum before. That's going to change." I told her. Still working now two fingers into her I just watch her. Her eyes are closed and she has a startled look on her face. Just as I feel her orgasm starting I decide to give her another first. I lower my head and start licking her asshole. One broad stroke and one jab trying to tongue fuck her.

"SSHHHIIITTTT. That's my ass. Don't stop. Don't stop. Please don't stop. Oh yea this is incredible."

When her orgasm was over she seemed to almost try to take a break. I was not in the mood for a break. I stood over her and put my cock on her lips.

"I don't do this. I've never..." was all she could get out.

"Just let me ease it in. You can learn. Suck gently. Treat it the way you treated my tongue when we kissed."

She was a quick study. In and out she let my cock slide. Swirling her tongue around it in an awesome manner. I started to take longer strokes, forcing my dick deep into her throat. All the while she sucks lightly. I pull myself out of her mouth and stand up.

"Was I doing it wrong?" she asked

"No, we're switching places. Your lesson isn't over."

"Good, I think I might like this. What's wrong, am I not turning you on?" she asked looking down at my now flaccid rod.

"Yes you turn me on. It's just taking a break." I said, not wanting to explain the effects of the eight-ball I'd nearly finished in the four hours before she got here. "He'll be back. Lick me. Lick my balls. And underneath them."

She took orders very well and in no time I was back at attention. She began experimenting with speed and technique. It was a great blowjob but when she inched a finger around and found my puckered anus I was in heaven.

"Enough. I need to fuck you now" I said.

Spinning her around, reverse cowgirl was my first choice. She lowered herself onto me with an audible groan.

"That's it. Raise up and back down. God you are tight." I said

"Oh yea baby. I've never done it like this." she said as she picked up the pace.

Furiously she bounced on my cock. "YESSSSSSS!! I'm cumming again. OOOOOHHHHHH YESSSS!" she screamed.

As her orgasm subsided she again seemed to want to take a break. This time I let her because 'Mr. Jones' was visiting me and I figured I'd find the plate. 

"What's wrong." she asked. "You haven't cum yet?"

"Don't worry about me. Are you wanting to leave?"

"No but I'd like to have a line or two and you tell me what you want me to do to make you cum as hard as I did."

"O. K. " was all I could say. I didn't know she knew my little 'secret'.

We each did a few lines and I detailed what I thought would bring me to the ultimate orgasm. 

I'm rambling as she proceeds to tell me "Go ahead and stick in my ass then if that's what you want."

WOW. I put my cockhead at her rear entrance. "Just relax. I'll try to be gentle but I'm fuckin' horny as hell." I said.

"Don't worry about me. Fuck my ass as hard as you want. I want you to cum harder than you've ever cum before. I owe you that. Now cram that dick in me." 

That was all the encouragement I needed. I forced the head in as she squealed. "Fuck it baby, faster."

So I did. I fucked her so hard I almost felt guilty. This whore was begging for it and I was hitting it hard and fast now.

"Are you going to do everything I wanted?" I asked.

"Yea"

"Then turn around here and taste your ass." I said with one final stroke.

She turned around and took my cock into her mouth expertly. She was following the script perfectly. She stopped sucking and began jerking my cock. She moved around and tried to put a finger in my asshole while still jacking me off. 

"OUCH" I said. "Lick you finger."

"HUH!" she exclaimed.

And to my surprise I felt her spread my cheeks and lick my ass. That was all it took. She replaced her tongue with her finger and began to finger bang my ass. 

"Keep doing that and come around here." I said. "I want to cum on your face and tits. Oh yeah baby I'm gonna cum."

"Cum all over my face. I feel like a whore. Do it baby...spray in on me."

She was still working my anus as I started to explode and took my cock from her hands and started to jerk it myself.

"OOOOHH Yesss!" I said as I jerked my cock toward her face. "Look at me when I cum on you. There it is...."

"Cum on me baby. Cum on your little slut."

Three thick jets of jizz hit her on the chin and cheek. She looked amazing with my cum on her. And even more amazing as she licked it off of her hands and face.

"Did I do O.K.?" she asked.

"You did fine. That was awesome."

"I wanna drink, a couple lines, and more cum. Mine and yours. I've already missed dorm curfew, looks like you'll have to teach me some more. Can older guys fuck all night?"

I put down my straw and smirked. "You won't be able to walk by the time the sun comes up."