 Liz had known Jay for several years, and their friendship had always been crazier than most. Their friendship started almost two years after they first met, after a year-long fight. Soon they discovered they shared all of the same passions and really hit it off. Before long, they were starting to fall in love. Each of them tried to hide their true feelings of attraction--she had only been 16 when they first fell in love, and he was 5 years older. But there was no denying how they felt about each other, and they finally admitted they were in love.

A relationship that seemed so wrong...yet they both wanted it more than anything. Things started out very awkwardly, but soon they both grew comfortable with their desires, and hugs led to kisses, kisses led to nibbles, and eventually they ended up watching each other more than the movies they were supposedly viewing in Jay's room. It was understood that they could not fully unleash their desire for each other until she turned 18, but they found ways of pleasing each other that they both felt comfortable with in the meantime. They loved to get each other off online, playing not-quite-so-innocent little games with each others' minds, but they wouldn't have had it any other way.

Eventually, Jay began to lose interest in Liz. She was 100 miles away and still 5 years younger than he, and he always had many girls in his life to satisfy him anyway. They began to drift apart, and the two, who had been the best of friends for over a year, were suddenly becoming separated. Their relationship cooled off for several months, and sadly, they both began to forget about each other. Though hard as she tried, Liz could never forget about Jay, her first true love. 

For her 18th birthday, Liz went to visit her friend Stephanie, who lived in the same apartment building as Jay. Liz and Stephanie were leaving Steph's apartment to go grab a bite to eat when Steph noticed that Jay was coming down the hallway. Liz simply walked past Jay without a second glance, for she was still quite angry with him. Jay, however, recognized Liz immediately, between her long brown hair and the familiar electric tingle she seemed to bring to his body every time they were together. 

"Liz?" he said, reaching out for her arm. Liz turned around reluctantly. "Hello, Jay." Jay pulled her into a long, tight hug, and Liz felt her old feelings for Jay come rushing back. No one could possibly make her feel like that with just a hug other than Jay. She felt as though every nerve ending in her body was on fire. Jay pulled back and looked at Liz from head to toe, from her sandals to her tight jeans, from her black halter top to her deep green eyes. 'Damn, she's still so hot.' Jay thought.

Liz felt the familiar gaze of Jay's eyes checking out her body, and she didn't know whether to be offended or feel turned on. She removed Jay's hand from her arm, shook her hair out of her eyes, and coldly said, "So, you're talking to me now, are you?" Jay looked crestfallen and realized how much he had hurt her, and even moreso, how much he wanted her back. "Liz...I...I'm sorry. I know today's your birthday...let me take you out, make things right between us...I've missed you."

Liz was wary of Jay's apology; it's not like this was the first time she had heard these lines from Jay. "How do I know I can trust you this time, Jay?" she asked, her eyes beginning to brim with tears. "Because I love you. And you love me." he answered. She shook her head. "You've hurt me too many times, Jay. I can't risk this again." "Baby, please," Jay said, stroking her cheek with the back of his forefinger, something he knew Liz could not resist. "I want us to be friends again. To be together again. Lemme do right by you..." he pleaded, almost begging. Steph gave Liz a push toward Jay. Liz sighed. "Alright..." and then she broke down in tears.

Jay engulfed her in a hug as she cried into him. "I've missed you so much, babe." he said, burying his nose in her dark brown hair as he ran his hand comfortingly up and down her back. Liz pulled away slowly. "Just gimme a few minutes to get changed, then." she said, and walked back into Steph's apartment to get dressed. 

Fifteen minutes later, Liz came out of Steph's apartment. Upon the first gaze, Jay's jaw dropped. Liz was dressed in a lacy, sheer, tight black dress with knee-high boots. Jay was a sucker for lace, and Liz knew it. He was also a sucker for her long, curly brown hair when it was let free from her usual ponytail. He remained speechless, then cleared his throat after a few moments and said "Shall we go?" He motioned for Liz to walk in front of him, and he took advantage of the opportunity to check out her ass as her hips swayed in front of him.

"I know you're checking out my ass." Liz said. "How did you know?" Jay asked, somewhat embarrassed but nevertheless proud of himself. "Because you always check out my ass when we go out." she called teasingly, turning around to poke him. "So where are we going?" she asked him. Jay replied, "I'm taking you clubbing. Just like I promised you I would. Cause I wanna see you shake it, baby."

Liz grinned, realizing that harboring her anger toward Jay wouldn't accomplish anything. Besides, one look in his deep brown eyes and at his bright smile was enough to convince her that the night would be fun. They always had fun when they were together, so it'd be worth it to be friends again. Jay took her hand and they smiled as they realized that their friendship was most definitely on the mend and things seemed to be getting back to normal again.

Jay led her into the nightclub, and upon hearing the pulsing beat, Liz ran straight for the dance floor and let loose her awesome dance moves. Jay laughed and followed her, then just stood there, entranced by her body swaying to the music. "I can't believe how amazing you look when you dance. Why didn't you ever dance for me before?" he pouted. "Because I knew it'd give you something to look forward to." she replied. "Now are you gonna just stand there or are you gonna shake your sexy ass and dance with me?" she asked, grabbing his hands and pulling her to him. He grinned. "That's my girl." Jay said as he turned Liz around, put his arms around her waist and pulled her ass against his crotch and began to grind them together. 

Jay looked down at Liz and smiled, then leaned over to her ear and gave it a gentle nibble, unsure as to what her reaction would be. Liz had always loved when Jay played with her ears, but Jay was worried she was still too mad at him for that. Liz let out a tiny moan and slid her hand up into Jay's hair, pulling him to her ear again. Jay smiled again, and began to purr in her ear. Jay felt Liz's knees go weak and let out a little laugh. "I see my babe still has a bit of a weakness when it comes to her ears." he teased. Liz thrust her ass out against Jay's crotch and a satisfied smile spread across her face as she heard him grunt. "I see you still have a bit of a weakness when it comes to my ass." she teased back. 

"How wrong would it be of me to say that i want you?" Jay asked. Liz turned around and looked at Jay. After a long pause and some thought, Liz said "Not wrong at all...so long as you don't hurt me again. Besides, I seem to remember being promised a hell of a night for my 18th birthday, Mr." She grinned and poked his nose. He leaned down and planted a kiss on her forehead, and then finally gave her a long kiss on the lips- the first kiss on the lips they had ever shared. "Come on." he whispered, taking her hand and leading her out of the club. 

They took a taxi back to his apartment, hardly able to keep their hands off each other. By the time they got inside his apartment and the door shut, Liz had Jay pinned up against his door and had him in a long, sexy liplock. "Pinned ya good." she purred, licking his ear and grinding her hips up against his crotch. He let out a small moan and then dove for the stereo, where he flipped on some slow jazz. He then grabbed Liz by the waist and began to kiss her again while running his hands all up and down her lower back and ass.

Jay led them to the edge of his bed, sat down, and sat Liz on his lap as they continued to kiss. Slowly his hands traveled from her ass to her ample breasts as his lips moved to her neck and ear, licking, sucking, and nibbling. Liz was already squirming around on his lap, and Jay was loving every minute of it. "May I?" he asked, looking Liz in the eyes as he tugged at straps of her dress. She nodded and closed her eyes as he slipped the top of her dress off. "Oh babe, you're wearing black lace. Fuck, I always dreamed about what you'd look like in black lace..." he said, running his tongue over her black lace bra. He peeled the rest of her dress off and just stood over her, admiring her. 

Liz looked away, feeling ashamed. "I hate my body." she said, suddenly. Jay, though he always knew Liz felt that way, was still shocked beyond belief, and told her so. "You are beautiful." he said, as he kissed his way over every uncovered inch of her 5'7, 130 pound body. He pulled off his shirt and then slid his way up between her legs over her body, wrapped his arms around her, and gave her another big kiss. She began to grind her hips slowly up against his. He slid a hand down between their hips and felt that her underwear was growing a bit wet. "Do I make you hot, babe?" he asked her. She bit her lip and nodded. 

"How about now?" he asked as he stroked her through her underwear. She leaned her head back and whimpered, thrusting her hips out against his hand. "Tonight is gonna be all about pleasing you, babe. Just lemme know if I cross the line, and I'll back off." Jay said, wanting to make sure that this was what Liz wanted. Liz moaned, trying to let Jay know that this WAS what she wanted. He unclasped her bra and admired her breasts as the lace material pulled away. "They're perfect." he said as he looked at the hardening nipples in front of him. He kissed his way down from her neck to her breasts and began flicking her nipples with his tongue and fingers. He knew from their conversations how sensitive her nipples were, and he took advantage of this information. He started to suck on a nipple while pinching the other with his fingers and she moaned loudly and writhed under him, rubbing up against his growing hardness. He moaned as he watched how he affected her. 

Slowly he began to kiss further down. Liz ran her hands down her body, letting one play with her own breasts--knowing how much Jay loved the thought of her touching herself--and the other massage Jay's scalp--knowing how much he also loved having his scalp massaged. Jay moaned into her belly button and pulled her underwear down, gasping when he saw how erect her clit was. Liz felt his warm breath on her clit and desperately tried to push him toward her, but he wanted to tease her mercilessly. He nibbled on the inside of her thighs and then gently touched his fingertip to her clit. She bucked her hips and moaned loudly. Then, he touched the tip of his tongue to her clit. He began to flick at it with his tongue. The more Liz gasped and moaned, the harder and faster Jay licked. He finally took it in his mouth and began to suck hard on it as he let a finger enter her, and she screamed as she climaxed. 

Jay looked pleased of himself as he lapped up her juices, then kissed her so she could taste herself. She pushed him down and pounced on him, grinned devilishly, and said "My turn." She knew that Jay's nipples were his biggest weakness, and she concentrated on them the most. Even when she breathed on them, he moaned. She kissed little circles around them, watching as Jay frantically grabbed at his own nipples. She took one of his nipples in her mouth and began to suck on it, and his hand moved down to his crotch as he began to stroke himself. When she sensed that he was close to coming, watching his breathing speed up rapidly and hearing him moaning louder and louder, she moved down, took his hand off his massive cock, and began to suck on him. She heard him moan in his throat, and suddenly deepthroated him. He grunted and groaned as he came in her mouth, and she pulled off of him so he could come on her breasts too.

He moaned at the sight of her with his come all over her breasts and began to lap it up, if only for another excuse to suck on her breasts again. Liz grinded her hips against his to get him hard again as she sucked on his ears. "I want you." she purred in his ear as she laid her body on top of his and began to stroke his again-hardening cock. "Are you sure?" he asked. "Fuck me...I want you to fuck me." she said almost desperately.

"With pleasure." he replied as he rolled over on top of Liz and slowly entered her. She moaned as she felt his hard cock enter her, causing him to stop. "I'm not hurting you, am I?" he asked, concerned, knowing she was a virgin. She simply thrusted her hips at him and took him completely in as a response. Jay moaned loudly, feeling how tight she was, and began to thrust against her. With every thrust, she thrusted right back at him, picking up the pace. They both moaned as they thrusted faster and faster into each other. Jay leaned over and began to suck on one of her nipples, causing Liz to start to lose control. Liz began thrusting uncontrollably while rubbing her clit. The sight of Liz touching herself was too much for Jay to bear, and he came inside her, screaming her name. He pounded against her, sending Liz completely over the edge. 

Jay collapsed on her, and they both lie there in silence for a few minutes, listening to each other breathe as they came down from their highs. Then Jay kissed Liz's nose and nuzzled her. "Happy birthday, babe. I love you." he sighed happily in her ear. They fell asleep for a little while, and a few hours later Liz showed Jay just how happy she was that he was back in her life. ;-)

should i continue their escapades or no?