 It was late and Liz really needed to get some sleep before heading back to Steph's apartment to pack, so Jay just wrapped Liz up in his arms and snuggled her while they chatted quietly.

"Jay...this has been so wonderful..." Liz stated apprehensively.

"I know, baby, I know," Jay replied.

"What I meant was...what's going to happen to us when I have to return to school? I mean...four more months is a long time for us to be apart again, ya know?" Liz asked.

"I promise you, sweetie, I won't let us slip apart again. We're going to talk constantly on the phone and through email. I'll come down and visit you. You can come here and visit me. You've got spring break coming up, and then you'll be graduating from that high school of yours in May, and then you can come back here and stay with me for the summer. I won't let anything happen to us. You have my word." Jay reassured her, stroking her hair.

Liz's eyes gazed lazily into Jay's, she nodded contentedly, and then drifted off to sleep. 

*in the morning*

Liz woke up and noticed that Jay was still in a deep sleep, even if it was 11:30 A.M. Rather than wake him, Liz quietly slipped out of his arms to gather her things from his apartment into a neat pile on the chair beside the bed. Then Liz stroked Jay's hair and whispered gently in his ear "I have to go pack my stuff at Steph's, babe...I need to catch my train..." 

Jay's eyes opened and he gave Liz a quick kiss. As she began to pull away, he wrapped his arms around her waist and pulled her down on the bed and began to tickle her. Liz shrieked with laughter. "I love you" he said with each tickle. Finally he settled down and just wrapped his fingers in her hair and gave her a long, serious kiss and a tight hug goodbye.

"I'll call you tonight to make sure you got back home okay, darling. And then I'll email you later, because it's been a long time since I've sent you a sweet, loving email telling you how wonderful you are to me. I love you, don't you ever forget that." he said as Liz left the apartment.

Liz returned to Steph's apartment for the first time in a few days and began to collect her things and pack them into her luggage. 

"You're back! I figured you'd never wake up, seeing as you guys were up all night getting busy..." Steph teased.

Liz tossed a slipper at Steph.

"Were we really that loud?" Liz asked, slightly embarrassed?

Steph nodded and then in a mimicking voice she began to pant, "Fuck me, Jay. Fuck me hard. Jay...UHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" she teased.

"Jesus, Liz, I thought you guys were gonna break right through the wall..." Steph added.

Liz turned bright red. "Sorry," she apologized.

"Don't worry about it, babe, it didn't bother me once i put the earplugs in" Steph teased again.

Liz rolled her eyes and finished packing her things, and then Steph and Liz headed to the train station. Steph waited with Liz until the train arrived, and then they said their goodbyes. Liz boarded the train and chose a seat in the back. She sat down and leaned her head against her luggage, closing her eyes.

Immediately, images of Jay's body danced before her eyes. She could feel the familiar tingle down below as she imagined him touching her with first his fingers, and then his soft lips. Liz knew she had to find somewhere to take care of herself, because she was absolutely on fire down below. Unfortunately, there weren't any bathrooms and they weren't anywhere near the next stop yet. 

Liz moved her luggage toward the outside of the seat to block herself from view and then slid her hand down over her jeans and began to rub her crotch. She felt her nipples begin to stiffen and slowly slid her other hand up under her shirt and began to caress her breasts through her bra. She writhed around a bit and then slid her hand down into her pants so she could rub herself through her underwear. 

Soon, she needed to feel herself completely; she slid her underwear to the side and began to stroke her clit. She tugged on a nipple as her breathing began to shallow. She was so horny, and the excitement she was getting from doing this in a not-so-private-place (the train car only had 4 other people in it so far, but it was still a public setting) made her even hotter.

Liz slid a finger deep inside herself and began to rub her clit with her thumb. She bit her lip to keep herself from moaning as she began to grind her hips into her hand and tug on her nipples even harder. She was close, and she could feel it. She took her hand off her breasts and slid this hand down her pants and began to vibrate her fingers rapidly along her clit. Her muscles clenched around the finger deep inside her and with one final tug on her clit, Liz reached her orgasm.

Flushed, but satisfied, Liz pulled out her AP physics textbook and began to read. She couldn't help but smile to herself as she read, realizing what she had just done. If there was anything that got Jay hot in their conversations, it was the thought of her masturbating while thinking of him...she couldn't wait to share this steamy story with him tonight when he called.

Upon arriving at home, Liz went to go bowling with a few friends from school. It was the first time in quite awhile that they had all hung out outside of school, and they all enjoyed each other's company until about 11 PM, when the alley was closing. Really, since they had school starting the next day, it was about time for them to all head home anyway.

Liz drove home and went straight to her room to check for any phone or email messages from Jay. Her heart sank as she found nothing. She decided to call Jay at his apartment to let him know that she arrived home safely and to thank him for the lovely time she had on her winter break with him.

She dialed the number for Jay's apartment and listened to the phone ring. His answering machine began to pick up, but then someone else picked up the phone. To Liz's surprise, it was not Jay, but a breathless Marina, the girl Jay was most serious with other than Liz. 

"Oh, hello Liz," Marina said coolly, recognizing Liz's voice instantly.

"Is Jay there?" Liz asked, her stomach feeling as though it was dropping out from under her.

Marina smiled to herself, looking at Jay, who was sitting on the couch, watching TV and completely oblivious as he took a sip of his beer. 

"No, he's not here right now. He stepped out for a moment. Can I take a message for you?" Marina asked.

"Uhm...yeah...just let him know that I got home safely and tell him thank you for me, and that I'll call him tomorrow," Liz said.

"Sure thing, will do," Marina replied with an overly-sweet tone in her voice before they both hung up the phone.

"Who was that?" Jay asked, turning to Marina.

"Oh...nobody important," Marina replied, grinning as she turned to kiss Jay. Marina did not want Jay giving Liz another thought. She knew how much he cared for Liz, but she also knew that she had always had an edge over Liz because Liz and Jay had never slept together. Now that they had slept together, Marina didn't want to risk losing Jay to that younger, more shapely, prettier girl. She had to keep Jay distracted. He had to stay with her. He had been with her longer. Liz was just a fleeting thing, or so Marina was convinced.

Jay was drunk. He knew there was something he was supposed to do tonight, but he couldn't remember what it was. He knew it involved calling someone, but he figured it was just that he was supposed to call his sister this week and he'd take care of calling her some other time.

*back at Liz's*

Liz sat on her bed, somewhat in awe. "I'm sure he's just busy...he'll call tomorrow..." she reassured herself. She didn't trust Marina at all, given that Marina had lied to her on several occasions before, but she wanted to give Jay the benefit of the doubt. She didn't want to believe that Jay could possibly be sleeping with someone else the very day that she had left him, and that he would rather be sleeping with Marina than keeping a promise to her. Liz had the sinking feeling that this was all true, but she wanted to trust him so desperately. Regardless, Liz went to sleep with tears in her eyes.

>O?more to come...i never realized how disgustingly drama-filled my life was... 