 - Prologue -

In previous chapters, Dave, a lonely outdoorsman with a bungee jumping business in New Zealand met Chelsea, a stunning-looking customer who had been left stranded by her friend. Dave hadn't been with a woman in over 10 years as he was always busy running his business. Both had just returned to her hotel from a dinner date and Chelsea had just given Dave an incredible blowjob.

- Climax -

Dave was a well-built 30-year old in New Zealand. As Chelsea had found out a few minutes ago, he was also well-hung. A minute ago, it wouldn't have been too ridiculous to think his pride and joy was a steel alloy safety hook from his bungee jumping site. But then, a minute ago one wouldn't have been able to make any such estimations because its length and girth was safely hidden in Chelsea's mouth. Now it hung at half-mast by the bedside as Dave was desperately catching his breath and Chelsea was cleaning off the last of his cum with her tongue. He had cum thrice in the last four hours and his dick was throbbing a few weak protests.

Chelsea, a 25-year-old American on vacation, had straight jet-black hair trimmed down to her long neck. Her cute face was bejeweled with dimples, thin lips and light brown eyes with dark pupils. At the moment, her 38D boobs were squeezed into a black push-up bra and covered with a crumpled mess of a loose sleeveless white shirt that reached her navel. A tan-colored pair of shorts covered the top third of her well-toned legs.

Whether it was the two bottles of wine the couple had finished at dinner, or all the jerking off they had done earlier in the evening, passions were running high. They recomposed themselves for a few moments, the only sounds in the room being the rhythmic beat of gulps of air their lungs were demanding.

"How was that?" asked Chelesa as they calmed down.

"Absolutely bloody fantastic!"

"Good. Now it's your turn."

Dave's face turned into a smirk. Right now, he didn't care if his dick would break off. He just wanted more of her. He helped Chelsea up by her shoulders and kissed her passionately as he ran his hands through her hair. Still kissing, he gently sat her down on the double bed, and pushed forwards until they were fully lying on it. Well, at least she was - technically, most of him was on top of her.

He left her lips and moved his face down to her chin. His tongue gently explored the contours of her throat, then her collarbone. Chelsea just clutched the bedspread tightly and let him have his way. Dave found the top of her cleavage with his tongue, then brought his right hand down along her baby-smooth armpits to reexamine the globes that it separated. With a feather-touch, he ran his fingers across her shirt over the flesh exposed outside her bra. Chelsea wriggled a little to give him better access.

His fingers drew a pattern down her cleavage, then started kneading her breasts one at a time. The thickness of the push-up bra didn't allow him to feel the nipples, but the softness of her flesh was driving him crazy once again. Once more, blood started rushing to his dick. Thankfully, this time it was free from the confines of his tight clothes and therefore less painful. In fact, as it became stiffer, it started playing its own separate game with Chelsea's athletic thighs.

Half the boobs were not enough for Dave (as if that would have been for anybody!). His hands found the two buttons holding her shirt around her and pried them open. Chelsea rose a little to help him remove it as he slid it past her back and neck. He went back to working her boobs. His fingers played a little around the top of her bra cup, then found their way under it. Not a moment too soon, his index and middle fingers felt a very tight nipple screaming to be released. The tightness of the bra pressing his fingers against her flesh doubled his excitement.

He got into a more comfortable position so that he could use his other hand, too. Four fingers of each hand found their way under the bra cup of each breast, and the thumbs found leverage in her tight cleavage. The palms were kneading the boobs down, up and into each other while the fingers rolled over and around the nipples. Chelsea's eyes were shut tight as she violently wriggled her hips and legs to control the sensations running through her.

When Dave felt she (and he) was sufficiently aroused, he softly pulled the boobs up, out of her cups, until her nipples were poking out. As though ready to poke the eyes off of anyone who dared challenged them, her nipples stood straight up like little spears on her still compressed mounds. Chelsea moaned loudly as Dave gave each one a light flick. She became louder as he used his tongue to continue the good work. Chelea's pussy was now wriggling around trying to find Dave's dick, but he made sure it didn't go any higher than her inner thighs yet.

Eventually, he unhooked the bra and freed the massive globes of jello, allowing them to regain their fine round shape. After a bit of a struggle, he managed to get Chelsea's compliance in pulling it off. There was no reason to restrict his activities to his tongue or fingertips any more. He took as much of her left breast into his mouth and started sucking as though he was desperately trying to save her life from a snake bite. He alternated between the left and right breasts until they were sopping wet with his saliva.

As his mouth was busy moisturizing the boobs, his hands found their way to Chelsea's almost flat stomach. His fingertips drew horizontal patterns across her stomach, going lower until he found the button on her shorts. This opened easily and was quickly followed by the zip. Dave was still sucking her tits as Chelsea pulled down her shorts and threw them to one side. His right hand now found the top of her panties and easily reached under to find her finely-shaved and very wet nether region.

Chelsea let out a loud moan as Dave brushed a finger along her pussy's lips. He cupped her pussy as though he was trying to gather its warmth, as one does on a cold night in front of a fire. His palm was as soaked with her juices as her boobs were with his saliva. Dave moved a little lower to kiss around her navel. He hooked his fingers into the side of her panties and continued his gliding motion lower until he had completely pulled them off.

He was himself a little surprised that his dick had agreed to stand and salute with full strength after having jerked off so many times today. Yet, there it was in all its glory. His lips found their way up Chelsea's legs, past her hips and waist, across her smiling cleavage and on to her lips. As he did so, his dick traced a not-so-straight line with precum along her calf and inner thigh, finally coming to rest against her opening.

He didn't push in at first. Instead, he pressed the shaft against her lips and she pushed back, causing the same painful sensation of trying to force an erect dick down with your hands or under the waistband of your briefs. He couldn't control the loudness of the grunt he let out. Finally, he did poke her a little with his head. Both of them were so well lubricated that the dick just slipped in about an inch. Chelsea let out a very satisfied gasp.

Their breathing, which was already very rapid, now became erratic. Chelsea raised her hips to take in more of the cattle prod. She was looking straight into Dave's eyes, pleading for him to go all the way. He obliged, in one swift thrust. She screamed. Chelsea gyrated her hips, causing Dave's dick to tense and relax inside her. He no longer had any sense of where he was or what he was doing. Had he not already ejaculated several times that evening, he might have already shot his load. Instead, he was able to hold back the sensations flooding through his veins and enjoy this for a little longer.

His hands found the soft cheeks of Chelsea's butt and started grinding them in circular motions. He used this (with a little help from Chelsea) as leverage to push in and out of her in long strokes, his balls slapping against her crotch with every cycle. Chelsea's hands were now holding on for dear life to vertical bars at the head of the bed. A couple of minutes later, Dave crawled down, sliding his dick out, until he was sitting between Chelsea's spread legs at the foot of the bed.

He bent forward and used his fingers to separate Chelsea's pussy's lips. His tongue found her engorged clitoris and started flicking it. Anyone listening outside the room would have thought Chelsea was being put through some ancient torture mechanism. Only Chelsea would be able to testify how much she loved it! She bit her lower lip to reestablish some sense of control over the tingling sensation shooting up and down the length of her body.

Dave continued this harassment until he felt she was close to climaxing. He left his post and allowed the gates to her fortress to close. His mouth went back upwards, tracing another line between her navel and cleavage. His hands once again caught hold of her globes as his mouth found hers. Simultaneously, his tongue entered her mouth and his dick shot into her vagina.

This would prove to be the final assault on her defenses. They both stopped resisting and orgasmed together, arching their backs as they came, and falling into submission as they finally stopped twitching and trembling. Dave lay sprawled on top of Chelsea, who lay sprawled on the bed. Both were breathing heavily, gasping on to each other's necks. It took them several minutes to recover.

Finally, Dave rolled over on to his back and Chelsea positioned her head over his outstretched right arm. "That was amazing!" she declared.

"You were amazing," Dave replied and smiled, giving her a light peck. They both looked up at the ceiling. A moment of silence later, he said meekly, "I have something to ask you. Please don't freak out."

A worried look took over the smiling twinkle in Chelsea's eyes. "What is it?" she prompted, her voice suddenly a few notches lower in tone.

"Do you have to go back to America? Why don't you move here, with me?"

- The End -

*****

This is the final chapter in this story. Maybe some day I'll pick up on Chelsea's naive adventures through her new life in New Zealand. Thanks to those who sent words of encouragement. Requesting others to leave comments on how the stories can be improved.