 Facing each other, just inches apart, he gazed into her eyes and didn't say a word as he took her two hands in his and brought them to his lips to gently kiss them. He kept holding her hands in his warm, slightly rough ones, rubbing the backs of her hands with his thumbs as he brought them back down and softly said, "Kayla...I really like you, a lot. I know we've been just friends, I don't expect anything from you that you don't want to give."

She adored how her name sounded as it came out of his mouth. The softness of his gentle touch and lips on her hands, the tender look in his eyes and sincerity in his voice and wonderful words made her heart melt.

"I really like you too, so much. I just didn't know how to tell you. I didn't want to ruin our friendship, and I knew I couldn't face you again if you didn't have the same feelings for me as I do for you," she replied. 

She felt him let go of her hands and then his tender touch again as he brought his hands up to cup her face. She looked directly into his dark brown pools as she tried to reassure him by putting her hands on his firm chest and barely holding onto the soft material of his sweater before saying softly, "I really want to be with you." 

She turned her face up so her lips barely brushed against his for a moment before he leaned into her and gently pressed his soft lips to hers. Wonderful electricity shot through her from head to toe. His lips felt so smooth and warm, they felt magical on hers. 

Pulling back from their tender kiss, Ryan lightly pressed his forehead to hers and kept his eyes locked on her as he took his hands from her face to bring his arms down to put them around her, his hands on her back gently pulling her into him. She felt herself relax into him instantly and pressed her full breasts into his firm chest. It felt so right to be in his arms. His sweater was so soft against her skin, but she couldn't wait to feel his bare flesh against hers. Feeling him against her and breathing in his wonderful scent, a mix of his musky, manly smell and cologne, sent a wave of arousal through her. She let go of his sweater and moved her hands over his shoulders to the back of his head and neck, massaging his scalp and running her fingers through his soft dark hair.

She noticed for the first time the small flecks of gold mixed with the chocolate brown of his beautiful eyes that she couldn't look away from if she tried. She saw the boyish, charming smile she loved to see spread across his lips and extend to his eyes as she met his grin with her own before pressing her lips back on his a bit harder than before. She felt his warm hands slide up her back until his hands were entangled in her wavy hair, his touch felt so good running his fingers through its length and massaging her head.

She felt his warm tongue slide against her lips and she eagerly met it with hers, lightly teasing his tongue at first before pulling him into her mouth by swirling her tongue around his. She closed her eyes as their tongues danced back and forth between their mouths, her heart and mind doing cartwheels, her breath leaving her and knees feeling weak. 

She suddenly felt something against her upper thigh, and realized he was beginning to show signs of his own arousal. He pulled back a bit from her to look in her eyes again, she grinned and wanted to let him know she was turned on as well, so she slid her right hand from his head down his chest and stomach to the growing bulge in his jeans, lightly running her hand up and down over it a few times. 

Cupping his groin more firmly and very gently squeezing, and suddenly felt Ryan crush his lips to hers in a fierce kiss, she closed her eyes again and felt like the room was spinning as she continued to caress his bulge through his jeans. He held her close and guided her as he walked her slowly backwards until she felt the bedroom wall against her back.

She felt his hands slide from her back down to cup her ass where it met her thighs, gently squeezing both cheeks and pinning her against the wall as he pressed into her and continued to kiss her deeply. She loved the feeling of his soft lips and tongue slowing teasing hers and his hands massaging her bottom. 

Removing her hand from his crotch and sliding it around to his back and underneath his sweater, she felt the lovely combination of his silky skin and strong back muscles as she moved her hand up and down his warm back, caressing it. She felt a twinge in her breasts and pussy as she felt his bare skin. Moving her right thigh between his legs and firmly pressing against his groin, she slowly moved her leg up and down to rub against it. 

She heard a low growl in Ryan's throat as his tongue tangoed faster with hers and his hands gripped her ass tightly, slightly lifting her up onto her toes as he pressed his crotch harder against her thigh that she started to move a bit faster to encourage his arousal even more. 

Kayla felt the urge to feel more of his bare skin, so she opened her eyes and broke their kiss as she slid her right hand out from under his sweater and brought her left arm down from behind his head to his waist. Grinning at him and grasping the hem of his sweater, Ryan realized what she wanted and lifted his arms from her butt to over his head so she could pull his sweater up and off, revealing his bare torso and chest. He brought his arms back down to grip her hips and found her eyes with his again, as she dropped the sweater on the floor and ran her hands lightly over his firm chest and slightly soft tummy, loving the combination of his warm, smooth skin and slightly rough chest hairs. His manly smell and cologne wafted into her nose more strongly than before, sending an even more intense wave of arousal through her and she felt her nipples tingling slightly and her pussy feeling warmer. 

She could see the desire in Ryan's eyes growing as he moved his hands from her hips to glide them up to her breasts over her sweater, cupping them from underneath and gently squeezing, lifting them up slightly as he leaned in to kiss her again. Her need for him grew stronger as she felt his lips again on hers and his touch on her breasts, but as he moved his hands slightly to rub her nipples through her sweater and bra with his thumbs, a strong surge shot through her breasts and down to her pussy, and she felt it getting hotter and the start of her juices beginning to flow. 

Wanting to feel his bare skin on hers, she pulled back from their kiss and brought her hands to cover his and guided them down to grip the bottom of her sweater before lifting her arms up over her head. Quickly getting the message, he pulled her sweater up and helped her get her arms free of it. She saw his eyes not leave her 36D breasts as he dropped her sweater on the floor and immediately returned his hands to cup them and rub them softly through her strapless lacy black bra that her nipples could just barely be seen through. 

Her heart rate increasing, she pressed her torso against his, loving the feeling of his warm bare skin on hers. Ryan's eyes slid up from her breasts to meet her gaze, and she saw the glint in his eyes before moving himself down and focusing his hungry eyes on her breasts as he lifted them up and together as he kissed her cleavage lightly. 

Feeling his hands and lips so softly press on her breasts made her crave his mouth on them. She guided his hands from her breasts to around her back and the clasp of her bra. Ryan quickly undid the clasp and allowed her bra to fall away. She heard a small gasp escape his lips as his eyes took her in, she felt the chill of the air on her nipples, making them harden slightly and begin to tingle and grow more sensitive. "So beautiful," she heard Ryan murmur as his hands slid around her sides to once again cup her breasts and feel their full weight in his hands. 

His warm hands felt wonderful on her tits, but were nothing compared to the strong surges of desire that coursed through her entire body as he moved his mouth to her right breast and lightly licked and teased the very tip of her bud with his tongue. She felt a low moan escape her lips and shivered slightly, then felt strong pulses of electric current flow from her breasts to her groin and moaned louder when he sucked her entire nipple into his mouth, creating gentle suction as he swirled his tongue around it, every so often teasing the bud. She pressed his head against her breast, encouraging him to suck harder and move his tongue faster, loving every second of his lavish attention to her nipple.

He withdrew his mouth from her right breast and pushed her tits closer together and switched his mouth to her left breast to repeat his action on it as his left hand fingers grazed lightly over her right nipple. The sensations he was creating felt so good, she leaned back against the wall for support as her eyes closed, her mind whirled and she felt a small trickle of wetness in her pussy.

As great as his mouth felt on her breast, she felt the urge to kiss him again and brought her hands from behind his head to cup his face and gently pull upwards to guide him to stand up and bring his mouth to hers, his hands still kneading and massaging her tits. She brought her hands down to the waistband of his jeans, slipping her index and middle fingers just inside the very top of his pants and slowly sliding the backs of her fingertips back and forth against his belly to tease him slightly. She felt him moan very softly against her mouth, and she slid her right hand down to his groin, feeling his hardness had grown dramatically as she rubbed his member through his jeans, still sliding her left fingertips along the inside of his waistband. He took her nipples in between his index fingers and thumbs to tweak and twist them gently, causing a flood of arousal to course through her and return his moan with her own. 

Wanting to bring him the same pleasure he was bringing her, she broke their kiss and held his gaze with hers as she brought her hands to the button of his jeans and opened it, slowly unzipping his pants and slipping her right hand beneath his cotton briefs and over his warm, hard member. She heard Ryan's low groan, his eyes fluttering closed for a second and she felt his cock twitch in her hand as she adored the feeling of his sizeable shaft and the hot, smooth skin of his cock as she slowly and lightly ran her fingertips up and down its length a few times. 

Encircling his member with her hand and applying gentle pressure, she slowly stroked him from base to tip several times before releasing her hand and running just her index fingertip very lightly around his cock head a couple times to tease him before replacing her hand around him and stroking him again. 

"Your touch feels so damn good," Ryan murmured as she took hold of the waistband of his jeans with her left hand and began to tug them down before Ryan's hands left her breasts to aid her and they slid to his ankles. Her hands left him and in a flash he slipped off his shoes and socks and stepped out of his pants and briefs, kicking them out of the way. He looked so incredibly sexy standing before her.

"You have no idea how hot you are," she told him in the sexiest voice she could muster as she replaced her right hand on his cock and also slid her left hand down to cradle his balls, slowly rolling them back and forth in her palm and squeezing them gently with her fingers as she continued to slowly stroke his shaft with her right hand, now more free to move without his jeans getting in the way. 

Ryan grinned broadly at her words and his hands gripped her waist and he kissed her lips briefly and softly before sliding his hands across her stomach to the button of her jeans, unbuttoning them and sliding the zipper down. "Let me help you get these off," Ryan said, smiling at her with a wicked grin and she removed her hands from his balls and cock so he could get on his knees in front of her. 

Tingles ran all over her body as he glanced up to meet her eyes once again and put his hands on her hips. He leaned forward and ever so softly kissed her belly button, sending chills up and down her spine. He kissed softly just below her belly button, this time allowing the tip of his tongue to tickle her. She giggled and grinned as he looked up at her with the same wicked smile. He lightly brushed her stomach with his fingertips and kissed it again, making her giggle harder and said "Ticklish, huh? I'll have to remember that." 

A moan escaped her lips as he continued to kiss her belly and lightly tease her skin with his tongue as his hands took hold of the top of her jeans and very slowly pushed them down to her ankles, revealing her black lace panties and creamy thighs. He helped her lift each foot and get them fully off, tossing them to the floor. She bit her lower lip as he breathed deeply and gazed at her body as he ran his warm hands over her hips and thighs, making her feel like putty in his hands. His eyes came up to meet hers and he was looking at her adoringly, making her breath catch in her chest and a warm glow fall over her as he told her softly, "You're even more beautiful than I'd imagined."

She felt so happy she felt tears spring to her eyes and she bent over to cup his face with her hands and kiss his lips softly and sweetly at first before sliding her tongue between his lips and feeling his meet hers again, kissing her back passionately while raising up to stand on his feet before her. He put his arms around her, slowly sliding down her back and over her ass to grasp her cheeks. She moaned into his mouth, his touch felt amazing as he lightly ran just his index fingertips under the bottom edge of her panties.

As wonderful as that felt, feeling him then trace his fingertips lightly back and forth across her upper thighs where they met her ass made her gasp with the intensity of the desire coursing through her. Her breasts swelled and she pressed them into his chest, rubbing her nipples against him, driving her arousal higher as she sucked his tongue deeper into her mouth, feeling his rigid cock pressing against her stomach. 

She felt Ryan's hand come around and go between them to graze his fingertips over the front of her panties and down over her pussy lips through the sheer material. His gentle touch felt incredible, sending little electric shocks through her and she shivered and her legs quaked a bit as her knees felt like they may fail her. Feeling her response, he continued to lightly brush her pussy lips as he broke their kiss, looking into her eyes and breathing heavily as he supported her back with his other hand to keep her standing while he teased her.

He stopped for just a moment while he slipped his hand inside her panties and slid them slowly down to continue lightly grazing her smooth, shaved lips with his fingertips. His slightly rough fingers felt like heaven and she adored his touch, his teasing was sending surges through her pussy and increasing her wetness. She couldn't help closing her eyes and submitting to his touch as he drove her craving for him, beginning to quake and softly moan, breathing heavily as her heart raced. He suddenly slipped his fingertips just a tiny bit into her slit, oh-so-slowly and gently running them up and down, making strong surges shoot through her and her clit ache for his attention. "Ry..an," she moaned his name softly in two syllables, and slightly opened her eyes to see him gazing at her with a look of intense desire and need. She wanted to come so badly, but wanted even more to give Ryan a night to remember...

***

Ryan didn't want to remove his hand from her, but immediately the idea of sitting before her and watching her sounded fantastic as she gently pulled it away and out of her panties before releasing his hand and pointing to the straight-back chair in the corner of his bedroom. 

"Sit, please," her husky voice made his heart race faster as he quickly moved to sit on the chair, his member standing straight and tall as his hands went to her hips to gently pull her in front of him. 

She was a vision, her long curls slightly tousled from his hands in it, cheeks flushed, breasts slightly moving up and down with her quickened breath, the curve of her hips and little soft belly looking so inviting in her lace panties. Her breasts dangled tantalizingly in front of him as she bent over to softly kiss his lips before standing up again and turning around slowly so her back was to him. 

As good as her panties looked from the front, her ass was made for black lace. Her round cheeks just inches from his face, she hooked her thumbs into the waist of her panties, and he glanced up to see her looking over her shoulder and down at him with a mischievous grin on her face. Very slowly pulling her panties down just a bit, she teased him, giving him a quick peek of the top of her cheeks before pulling it up again. 

He loved her playfulness and confidence almost as much as the action itself. His eyes came up to meet hers again and he gave her a wicked grin of his own, showing her his approval before telling her "You sexy little tease." She smiled back at him before turning her head back to face front and arching her back while bending over slightly as she slowly slipped her panties down until they revealed her curvy cheeks before wriggling her hips slightly and standing back up to help them fall to the floor. 

He couldn't have resisted touching her if he tried, immediately bringing his hands up to caress her ass, loving the smooth skin and firm mounds of flesh beneath his hands, before bringing his lips to her and softly kissing her ass lightly all over. He could smell her womanly scent more strongly, and it drove him to distraction, wanting to bury his face in her and lick her pussy.

She turned to face him and finally revealed her bare pussy to him, shaven and smooth except for a single dark strip of short hair above her slit. Her perfectly symmetrical, unblemished rounded lips entranced him, he couldn't tear his eyes away from them. She had a gorgeous pussy, he couldn't wait to see her entire moist flower lying open and waiting for him.

Before he knew what was happening, Kayla moved to kneel before him and capture his gaze with her eyes once again before her hands went to his rigid cock and swollen balls. Leaning back in the chair, her warm, soft hands felt incredible and sent powerful surges through his body as she lightly stroked his upper thighs with her fingertips before slowly jacking his cock with her right hand while massaging and rolling his balls with her left, every so often pressing against his taint and increasing the pressure that was building in him. She looked so hot on her knees and the sheer pleasure on her face while gazing at his member could only mean she liked what she saw, making his confidence soar.

"This looks really yummy, can I have a taste?" her heard her say with a gleam in her eyes as she slowly licked her full, sensuous lips and glanced back and forth between his eyes and his cock. "Please," was all he could utter, amazed by the vixen that was before him that had just a few minutes ago been a demure, slightly shy woman. He loved that she could come out of her shell and wasn't afraid to express her sexuality and have fun with him while making him so hot he wanted to burst. 

Her right hand still slowly stroking his cock, she leaned down and used her left hand to guide his balls to her mouth. She breathed hot air from her mouth over them, causing a warm sensation to flow over his groin before he felt the first touch of her soft lips grazing his sack, tingling sensations shooting through him that grew stronger as she began to lightly lick his balls with her tongue tip. 

Wanting to watch her, he reached his hands up to gently pull her long hair back away from her face and hold it behind her head. He moved his butt forward slightly to give her better access, and felt a strong surge rush through his balls and cock as she sucked his right testicle into her hot mouth and rolled it around, massaging it with her tongue.
