 This is a story that is co written by my good friend IrishRose1215 and myself. We hope you enjoy!

Chapter One:

We had been chatting on line for sometime now, sending each other stories and pictures. But we both knew the day would come when we would finally meet. So it came as no surprise to any of us when the subject of us meeting arose.

Ian had been going through some of the pictures that Jess had sent him and he came across a picture of Jess with her hands leaning against the wall, her ass sticking right out and she was wearing a tiny little kilt that hid absolutely nothing when she bent over. Seeing her like that was such a turn on and one that he had to act on the next time we chatted on line.

The next night they were on line chatting again when Ian mentioned the pose she had done against the wall in her tiny kilt and how much it had turned him on. It had turned her on to think of how her photo could have such an effect on him. And then came the time when he just had to say it.

"Jess one day we are going to have to meet! And when we do we will have to find a quiet place where we can get to know each other a lot lot better"

Jessi was silent for a moment as if taken aback by what Ian had said to her.

"Yes Ian I would love to meet you and get to know you better." 

"I would enjoy very much to feel the entire length of your cock down my throat, your tongue on my clit, and your fingers in my pussy and ass!!!" said Jessi as her breathing grew more rapid.

"You know its just as well you are so far away, if you had been any closer I would have been right round there and let you feel my hard cock deep inside your hot wet mouth and dripping pussy!"

"Well then honey, why don't you get on a plane and bring your ass over here" Jessi joked. 

And that he did the very next day, he went to the travel agents and booked his flight for that Friday and sent Jess a txt to let her know when he would be arriving so she could pick him up at the airport. It was Wednesday and he couldn't wait till Friday came around to finally lay eyes on her.

Finally Friday did come around and on that afternoon he got on his flight and 8 ours later he was in Newark Airport waiting for his connecting flight to Missouri and Jessi.

Chapter Two:

She waited nervously at the airport, watching the people come off the flight. She had a little sign in her hand with, Ian, printed neatly on it. She brought it just in case he didn't recognize her in person. The crowd began to trickle, and one or two people came from the long tunnel instead of in groups. She began to wonder if he hadn't come. Then finally, the last person came off the plane, and he looked right at her with a smile of recognition. She stepped closer and put her arms around him. 

"Welcome Ian!" 

"Thanks, Jess. Better head off for the luggage."

"Right. Let's go."

They held hands as the wound their way through families reuniting and businessmen, hurrying to their next flight. After Ian's luggage was picked up, she walked him out to where her car was parked and told him to enjoy the ride. It was a long one from the airport to the house. He sat back, and not much was said, she was letting him recoup from the long flight. 

His eyes snapped open when he heard her giggling. 

"Wake up, Ian. We're here." 

"I'm sorry, I didn't know I was that sleepy. How long have I been asleep?"

"About an hour. You feel better?"

He stretched, smiled, and nodded. 

"Yeah, much better, thanks."

"Let's get inside, and I'll make you something to eat. You hungry?"

He gave a slow smile and nodded; she giggled again as she got out of the car and took him into the house.

After dinner they relaxed on the couch, talking with each other until Ian gave a yawn.

"You sleepy? Must be hard having to adjust to the time."

"A little, but I want something before I go to sleep."

She gave an innocent smile that didn't match the knowledge in her eyes.

"Oh yeah? What would that be?"

"I want you turned around, sitting on my face, as I shove my cock down your throat."

She gasped and made her eyes wide with mock surprise.

"Such vivid language you have Ian!" 

"Yeah. Now get that fine ass over here and let me taste that pussy." 

She jumped off the couch, quickly shedding her clothes before she straddled his head. He brought his hands down on her ass, bringing her pussy close and she moaned loudly as his tongue ran across her clit. 

She quickly undid his pants, and brought out his cock. She ran her tongue across it, coaxing it awake, and as soon as he was fully hard, she gobbled down his entire length, moaning as she felt him hit the back of her throat. 

He sucked her clit into his mouth, while bringing his fingers down into her pussy. When they were wet enough he pulled them out, causing a disappointed moan from her, until she felt his fingers go to her ass. She moaned loudly around his cock as he began to push a finger into her tight hole. She moved a hand to his cock and pulled up, stroking his cock as she began to speak.

"Mmmm...God, Ian, your cock feels so good down my throat, and your tongue and fingers feel fucking wonderful on me! Keep that up and I'm going to come!" 

He moved away from her, laughing as she let out another disappointed moan. He lifted her and sat her pussy down on his cock. She looked back and smiled. 

"Fuck me Jessica, wrap that hot wet pussy around me now!" 

She did so, rocking her body back and forth once his length was inside of her. She kept him deep, and moved slowly, loving the feel of his cock inside of her. He sat up and she moaned as she felt his hands come to her breasts. He began to tweak the nipples, causing small moans from her.

Her hand moved down to her pussy and she began to rub her clit. Her fingers moved down, and she began to stroke his cock while her thumb still played on her. As another orgasm began to build inside of her, he pushed her down, and got on his knees behind her. She moaned loudly as he began to thrust hard and deep into her from behind, and her hand played faster on her pussy. 

"Oh yes Ian, just like that, fuck me just like that! Your cock feels so fucking good in my pussy! Oh Jesus, I'm going to come!" 

He thrust harder, grabbing her hips and making her rock back against him.

"That's it, Jessi, you come for me. You come all over my cock."

Her body began to shake and she let out a loud scream as her orgasm took over. Her pussy tightened against him and he let out moan.

"I'm going to come Jessi." 

"Come in my pussy, Ian! Fill me up!" 

He thrust hard and then held her against him as he began to fill her pussy. She moaned loudly, coming again as she felt his seed filling her. 

The collapsed together on the couch, and he held her tightly to him. She looked back and smiled as she saw his eyes close and he drifted off to sleep. 

Chapter Three:

He had only nodded off for a couple of minutes when Jessi shook him.

"Ian you need to get to bed, its more comfortable than this sofa," Jessi giggled again.

He nodded in agreement and followed her upstairs to where the bedrooms were while keeping an eye on her lovely swinging ass.

"Here is a towel for your shower, the bathroom is just to your right." She said with a smile on her face.

As Ian was in the shower he couldn't believe he was here in Jessi's house and naked in her bathroom after giving her a good fucking. He had always dreamed of this day but never thought it would ever be possible until he asked the question about coming to visit her and she had answered it. 

"Yes please"

"Do you sleep in the nude or did you forget to bring your jammas with you?" 

Came a voice from the other side of the bathroom door, Ian laughed when he heard her ask that question. 

"I sleep in the nude Jessi, I hope that is ok with you?" He smirked.

"Yes that's fine with me." 

She said with a beaming smile on her face and that certain tone in her voice as she walked off to unpack Ian's suitcase and put his clothes in the drawers and on the hangers.

After he had toweled himself down Ian wrapped the towel around his waist and came out of the bathroom walking right into Jessi as he did so.

"You smell so nice I could eat you right up." She chuckled.

"Your sleeping in that bed." She said pointing to her right.

As Ian went into the bedroom and dropped the towel on the floor beside the bed and got under the covers, Jess had gone into the bathroom. By the time she came back out Ian was sound asleep. She came into the room dropped her towel to the floor and got in the other side of the bed and snuggled up to him and thinking of what they would get up to when the morning came.

Chapter 4:

She woke up, and smiled when she felt Ian's arms around her. She looked around, the room was still dark, and she guessed that it was about 5:30 in the morning. Nothing unusual for her, she always woke up early. She started to inch out of bed, not wanting to wake Ian so early. She stopped when he began to toss around, and laid there till he quieted down again. She tip-toed out of the room, and went down the hall to the bathroom. She took a shower, donned on her bathrobe, and went to make coffee. 

She sat at the kitchen table, reading the paper, and sipping at the coffee, until mid-morning. Jessi decided Ian had slept long enough, and she went back into the room. She crawled into bed, and gently removed the covers from his body. She then slipped down to his cock, and began to lick it. Ian stirred as his cock became hard, and she felt his hand go down on her head, as she took it completely into her mouth. 

"Now this is how I like to wake up."

Jessi looked up at him and giggled with his cock down her throat. She continued sucking until he pulled her from him.

"Come sit on my cock, girl." 

"With pleasure." 

She removed the bathrobe, and straddled him. She sat back gently, slowly inserting his cock within her. Once she was completely full, she began to grind her hips, moving in slow circles, watching his face light up with pleasure. His hands came down on to her hips and he began to bounce her up and down. She let out a loud moan as she felt his cock thrusting inside of her. He let go of her hips, and brought her upper body down. He caught one of her nipples in his mouth, and she moaned loudly, looking down, watching him suckle her as her hips began to bounce harder and faster onto his cock.

"Oh that's so good Ian. Love the way your cock feels in me." 

He replied with a moan and his hips thrust up, causing his cock to enter her deeper. She gasped and grabbed hard at the pillows. 

"I'm going to come Ian! Oh God, yes, I'm going to come!" 

He flipped her over, keeping the same rhythm as he pounded deeper inside of her. 

"Me too, Jess." 

She fought to open her eyes and smiled up at him.

"Are you gonna fill my pussy again, Ian?" 

He smiled back and shook his head.

"No, I don't think so." 

She let out a small moan as he moved off of her and came up to her head on his knees. She instantly took the head of his cock into her mouth, and began to suck as he stroked the shaft.

"You ready for it, Jess?"

She nodded her head and looked up at him. 

"Here it comes, baby." 

She moaned loudly as she tasted his hot salty seed hit the back of her throat. She worked hard to swallow all of it down, and kept her mouth on his cock until he pulled her off of him. He laid back down, and she propped her head on her elbow and smiled at him. 

"Good morning Ian."

He laughed, "Good morning to you too." 

"I have some coffee in the kitchen, would you like some?"

"That sounds great. I'm going to go shower."

"Okay." 

She got up from the bed, and as she bent to get her bathrobe, he smacked her ass. She giggled and looked back at him.

"Thank you."

"You're welcome." 

"There are fresh towels in the closet in the bathroom."

"Wonderful." 

She turned to leave the room, and he grabbed her arm. She smiled as he brought her to him, and kissed her softly on the lips. When he let go, he moved a piece of hair from her eyes and smiled.

"Get me some breakfast too would ya? I'm starving." 

"As you wish." 

She gave a bow and laughed as she walked out of the room.

As they ate breakfast, they talked about what they'd do, and decided to go site-seeing. Jessi told him that there wasn't too much to see, but she'd take him around and show him all that there was. Their day was full, going around to different museums and the such until they became hungry and stopped for lunch.

As they sat there, Ian kept placing his hand up Jessi's skirt. She'd giggle and move her hips down so that he could have better access.

"You know you're going to have to stop that when the food comes, or I won't be able to eat." 

"I'll give you something to eat."

"I bet you will."

"Or maybe it could be turned around, and you could give me something to eat." 

They both looked up when the waiter cleared his throat. He smiled down at them knowingly as he passed out their food. They were good as they ate, but as soon as the plates had been cleared, Ian's hand went back to Jessi's pussy. 

"We're going to have to leave Ian."

"Why?"

"Because you're going to make me come, and I have the damnest time doing so quietly."

He smiled at her, and they left.

Walking back to the car, Jessi took Ian by the arm and escorted him to an alley between some stores. 

"What is it that you're doing, Jessica?"

"I need you to fuck me, right now. I can't wait till we get all the way back home." 

He gave a wicked smile and pushed her up against the wall. He went down and lifted her skirt, burring his face in her pussy as he did so. She let out a loud moan, and placed her hand in his hair. She moved her hips, fucking his tongue as he licked her. 

"Please stand up Ian and put your dick in me! I need to feel it now!" 

He obliged, turning her around and pushing his cock fast and deep into her. She braced herself against the wall as he fucked her. Her teeth went down into her lower lip to keep from screaming out as she felt the jet of his hot seed begin to fill her pussy. He turned her back around when he was spent and looked down at her, smiling.

"Can you make it to the car now?"

She smiled, "Yeah I think so." 

To Be Continued?