 Chapter 3 

As I was exhausted from the 'encounter', I, therefore, changed to nightdress and retired to the bed.

While I was reading a book, I heard a knock at my door.

"Yes! It's open," 

Erum walked in.

"Are you Okay?" Said she shutting the door behind her.

"Yeah! Why?" 

"You were limping and now you're looking pale too." She had a concern in her voice.

"Oh, nothing. I'm just tired."

"I understand," Same crooked smile ran on her face as she sat besides me on the bedside. "But, you enjoyed?"

Ops. She definitely knew. Nevertheless, her direct enquiry surprised me and I pretended not to understand her.

"Enjoyed what?" 

"Now don't fool me sis," said she fondling my arm. "Your screams can be heard in every nook and corner of the house; even the neighbors had gotten awake." 

I was still surprised by her free talk about my sexual encounter; instead of getting upset she appeared completely comfortable with it.

"They got attracted much before me sis." I cut her sarcastically in. Winking at her, I continued, "But who cares about poor them."

"One do; I do. Especially when they hear those sexy sobs." She discreetly diverted her conversation to me. "The sobs were irresistible."

"What do you mean, irresistible? I retorted.

"Irresistible means irresistible. Don't you know the meaning?" She teased me.

I kept staring her.

"Okay. We couldn't hold us from peeping through the keyhole."

"WHAT!!! Y-you, you watched me... Us?" Another shock hit me. "And what do you mean by us? You don't mean Tahseen also..." I could not complete the sentence. My mind was boggling.

"Yes. Both of us," 

I hated that crooked grin of her. "You filthy rascals," My voice chocked. I was really pissed off. How could they do it to me? She! Tahseen! How could Erum spy on me, her sister, making love to her dewar (husband's brother) along with her hubby eying through the keyhole? I felt betrayed.

"Now don't be stuffy. An eye for an eye is the rule. But it was sweet and mindblower revenge. Now we are even with both of you." 

What the hell she meant. I thought. No, no, that can't be it. She couldn't know that! That I watched them fucked together? Oh my God! Definitely, she knew that too. But then why she looked so cool? Why isn't she furious or mad on me? What was going on?

"W-what re-revenge are you t-taking about?" I stammered.

"Cool it Annu. Don't be upset." Her tone was calm and steady. "I knew you were there." Same old cunning grin ran over her face. "After all how you found that slit in the curtains to spy on us."

"What!!!" Another moment of shock. "You set me up!!! No, you couldn't,"

"Well, not you really. But we always made sure that the curtains were drawn up in a way that it could be seen from out side. We love being watched while fucking each other. It's so thrilling and exciting and make us hornier than ever."

I was speechless. She carried on, however.

"Nabeel was one willing horny young audience to us. He was a real hot number. But tonight we're glad to have a new spectator. We knew that we'd attract you tonight as you were too close to the action."

"We? Y-you mean, Tahseen also knew that I was there?"

"Of course. In fact he picked you up first and told me that you finally had ended up the 'snoop-spot'. I got such a kick that I came then and there."

My mind was whirling. What an intrigue!

"Excited, that your own sister watching you both!"

"Making love. Yeah." She completed my sentence.

"How sneaky." 

"But we really enjoy this."

"You'd rather be ashamed off," I tried to keep my tone calmer. 

"Com' on, don't be silly. Do I not know you? You're not less kinky when it comes to sex."

"But I was never that outlandish nor have the guts."

"When you're with Tahseen, and I'm positive that Nabeel must be no different, sky is the limit to realize your fantasies. Tahseen barely has any inhibitions and he wanted me to be one like him."

"And sure you are now."

"It's so thrilling. Anyway, are you on pills?"

"No."

"Silly you..."

"He didn't come in me..." I interrupted her and was surprised over my own bluntness.

"See... You're getting into the 'business'." She laughed. "But you must be careful. I've a spare bottle, I'll give it to you."

"Tell me, Erum," I asked after awhile. "Are you also on them?"

"Yeah."

"But why? I mean your are married,"

"Well, we, Tahseen and I, had decided not to have kid for at least a year or two."

"Because?"

"Nothin'. We just want to enjoy ourselves before I got involved fostering kids."