 The author retains all rights to this story. It may not be posted or printed elsewhere without the author's express written consent. This story is permitted on the Literotica website. The names, people and places in this work are fictional and any resemblance to people living or dead is purely coincidental.

*

Sara felt sexy.

She looked sexy too and she knew it. She clenched her legs tightly together trying to generate some friction in her increasingly dampening crotch. She grew excited over the prospect of getting a chance to play with her new favorite toy. Sara had just returned to her desk after a meeting with her boss, a meeting that put her on a path that would change her life.

Sara wore tight brown straight legged slacks. They showed off her nicely rounded ass and emphasized her long legs. She had a salmon colored blouse which didn't do much to conceal her perfect, high c-cup breasts. The color of the top worked well with the blonde hair cut in a page boy style framing her big doe like eyes, button nose and pouty full lips.

She was ready, ready for cock.

That was the thought that flashed through her mind, its sharp, harsh consonant sound seemed to fit the way she felt. There wasn't any other way to put it anyway. It had been almost two weeks since she had discovered the treasure which had been hidden in plain view these last eight months. It was hard to believe a nebbish like Eric could be endowed with such a masterful organ but, there was no denying the log-like bulge which had firmly brushed against her beautiful round ass.

Eric was a nondescript 20 something working in accounting in the publishing house where Sara worked. She had spoken to him only a few times over the last several months and their interaction had been anything but memorable. Eric wasn't bad looking mind you, it was just nothing about him stood out (except for that bulge in his pants Sara had felt last week).

Eric wasn't especially tall (about 5' 7"), he had close cropped brown hair, a round clean shaven face with a broad flat nose and a square jaw. Eric's eyes were always hidden behind the heavy frames of the Buddy Holly like eyeglasses he wore. Eric wasn't fat, just slender without any hint on the body beneath the baggy chinos and white dress shirts which appeared to be his work uniform.

As noted, their interactions had been uneventful until two weeks ago:

Sara had found herself in the copier room on the floor at her work. She had been desperately trying to copy and collate the 30 copies of her presentation for the meeting she was holding in the next fifteen minutes. Murphy's Law meant the copier jammed. After Sara cleared the jam, the copier ran out of paper. Each little obstacle raised Sara's anxiety level getting her all the more flustered.

Eric found Sara bent over trying to hurriedly load paper into the empty paper tray. He had come in to make a few copies of receipts for the expense reports he was in the middle of processing. Eric hated his job but, it was mindless and anything but taxing which allowed Eric to partake of his true interests with vigor.

The sight greeting Eric when he entered the copier room that day was riveting to say the least, Sara's gorgeous round ass presented itself invitingly to him. It was obvious Sara was wearing a thong as her tight skirt revealed no panty lines. Eric was lost in thought as Sara abruptly slammed the tray back into place, began to move back from the machine and stumbled as her heel caught on the carpet. Sara fell backwards, bent at the waist, flailing. Eric dropped his receipts as his strong hands instinctively shot out to steady the falling woman by grasping her at the waist. Eric wasn't able to steady Sara before Sara's lovely ass had nestled up against Eric's fat, hard cock.

Sara was startled, in her rush she hadn't heard nebbish Eric walk into the room behind her. Now, here she was with what felt like an formidable specimen of a dick growing larger and throbbing pleasingly against her round firm ass. Sara instinctively wiggled her butt trying to position the behemoth along the crack of her ass. She turned around, red faced surprised to be looking deep into Eric's bespectacled eyes.

"Ohhh, Eric I'm so sorry. I didn't see you there!"

Sara stood up and twisted from Eric's grasp turning to face him in the process.

"Not a problem, you didn't see me," he offered. "You need any help?"

As Eric spoke, Sara couldn't help it as her eyes wandered down Eric's frame curious to visually confirm what she had only felt. Sara reacted to the question slowly, haltingly, as she absorbed this new previously unknown detail about her co-worker.

"Ummm... thank you Eric, no... no, I have to get to my meeting. I think I've fixed the copier but..." The words caught in her throat. "I'm late for my meeting, sorry for bumping into you!"

Eric nonplussed responded simply, "Sure thing. Whatever you need."

Sara finished making her copies, the copier collating and stapling everything making life easier but to say Sara's mind was on her presentation would be far from the truth. The short momentary contact had sent Sara into a flight of fantasy.

Things with Sara's live in boyfriend had fallen into a rut.

Gone was the initial burst of frenzied passion marking the first year or two of their relationship. They had been together for over five years and while it was a comfortable relationship and they got along well, it seemed they had become more roommates than lovers.

Sara was both disappointed and frustrated. Everything about her love life seemed too predictable and boring. Her boyfriend (Paul) wasn't bad looking, In fact Paul might be considered attractive being tall and lean but he just wasn't anything special and while he managed to make her cum when they did have infrequent sex it was almost as if Paul was following a script once they were in bed.

Of late, Sara had been succumbing to a bit of a wandering eye. She hadn't acted on anything. Sara certainly wasn't that kind of girl but Sara did notice herself looking at the men she worked with, the men Sara came across during her daily routine and appraising them, wondering what they would be like between the sheets. All too often Sara would find herself daydreaming about a person when she would have to catch herself and regain her focus.

Now, as she hurried to her meeting, Sara found herself having quite vivid daydreams about the large fleshy mass she had just discovered and she felt herself start to get a bit wet at the thought. Eric was such a geek, he really was beneath her notice but God! If what Sara felt was real, she would have to give him a second look.

Her boyfriend was certainly not under endowed but, Paul wasn't even close to the specimen Eric seemed to be carrying around in his pants.

Sara gave her presentation that day but her thoughts never wandered far from her encounter in the copier room and every time her mind did go there Sara couldn't help herself as her nipples stiffened and her pussy moistened. A new cock, a strange cock, a different cock and lastly a bigger cock, the possibilities were staggering.

Sara wasn't close to any of the other women in the office so it wasn't possible to confirm or even discuss her discovery not that Sara would've wanted to clue in anyone else to the prize she had found.

When Sara returned home the evening of the day she fell against Eric, Sara literally attacked Paul. The moment she walked in the door that night, as soon as she crossed the threshold, Sara called out to see if Paul had gotten home before her.

"Paul? Paul are you home?"

"In here," Sara's boyfriend replied.

Sara could her the TV in their living room and before she even started down the hallway she began by removing her skirt and blouse. Sara took off her socks and then shucked down her boyshorts and removed the matching bra. Sara loved to wear sexy underthings and the lacy garments were flattering but at the moment would only be in the way. Sara's cunt had built up quite the lather throughout the day the more she thought about Eric.

As Sara walked down the hall naked, she wondered to herself what Eric would think if he could see her. Sara was proud of her body, Sara's breasts were on the large side but had not yet succumbed to the pull of gravity so, as Sara strode determined into the other room there was only a slight jiggle. Sara's belly was flat and just above Sara's pussy, which itself was both beautifully pouty with fleshy lips that accentuated the cleft between her legs, there was a delicious small puff of light blonde hair.

While Sara was a quiet girl, she was also a very beautiful women too.

Sara walked into the living room and stood in front of Paul who had been watching TV. Sara placed herself directly in front of the television with her legs wide apart, her hands balled into fists which she placed on the points of her hips.

"Take off your clothes now."

Paul, who at first had been trying to look around Sara, now looked up into her eyes and saw a strange look of purpose.

"What bought this on?" Paul asked as he began to unbutton his shirt.

"Shut up, just take your clothes off. NOW... FASTER!"

Paul increased the urgency with which he disrobed.

Sara took one of her hands and absentmindedly ran her fingers over the moistening lips of her pussy as she waited for her partner to disrobe.

Paul almost fell over trying to get his trousers off and Sara took her free hand and pushed him back down on the couch. Paul's pants were caught round one of his ankles but he sat transfixed as Sara moved forward and threw one knee and then the other on either side of Paul and reached down between them to guide his stiffening cock towards her cunt.

She ran the head of Paul's dick along the outside of her lips moistening it as she did. Then with a bit of a grunt Sara moved her pelvis forward, pressed the head against her and sunk down forcing Paul into her.

"Ahhhhh..." Sara sighed.

Sara paused for a moment letting herself adjust to Paul and then Sara started frenetically moving herself up and down on Paul's shaft. There was an almost violent undertone to her movements and Paul bought his hands up to Sara's waist to try and control her tempo but Sara would have none of that. Sara just forced herself down harder against her boyfriend their bodies making loud, wet, smacking sounds each time they came together.

Sara's eyes were tightly closed, her brow furrowed as she processed the feelings stemming from her groin.

"Nnnggghhhh, nnnggghhhh, nnnggghhhh, nnnggghhhh, nnnggghhhh... faster!"

Paul was stunned, in all their time together he had never known Sara to be so ferocious. While it aroused him, deep down inside there was something that nagged at him over this odd difference in his girlfriend's behavior.

"FUCK ME!"

Sara kept slamming against her boyfriend, her movements becoming more frenzied and desperate.

"FUCK ME HARDER!"

Paul for his part was caught up in the wave of Sara's passion. She washed over him leaving him powerless as she moved forward crushing him back against the couch drenching him in her sweat.

"Nnnggghhhh, nnnggghhhh, nnnggghhhh... yes... yes... nnnggghhhh, nnnggghhhh, YES! YES! YEEEEEEESSSSSSSSS!"

Sara's whole body shuddered, every muscle tensed as the force of her orgasm consumed her, she held herself rigid wanting to prolong the moment, drawing muscles tighter than she thought possible. Paul felt her tighten around his cock, flushing him with her juices, Sara's insides becoming white hot.

And like that, it was over.

Sara, slumped forward and then caught herself. Sara braced herself with her hands pushing against Paul's shoulders and slowly moving her pussy on him as Sara came down from her climax. Paul suddenly had an orgasm of his own, weakly dripping out of his dick, he could feel himself cumming inside of Sara.

"What the fuck was that about?" Paul asked.

Sara ignored his question, her eyes still tightly closed. The entire time Sara had been riding her boyfriend, Sara had been thinking about one thing and one thing only and that was what lay within Eric's pants. Now more than ever she was determined to get her hands on Eric's cock.

"Really! What's going on? I've never known you to be so... frisky!"

Sara opened her eyes and looked down at Paul who she could see was studying her face closely as if he could find clues to a mystery therein.

"Does it matter? Isn't this enough? You should be happy I come home and attack you after the day I've had!" Sara imagined that the best defense was a strong offense.

"No... no... I'm glad. It's not often lately you even seem interested in sex."

"RIGHT! So why are you looking a gift horse in the mouth? Work has been horrible, maybe I needed something, some kind of release, did you ever think of the kind of pressure I've been under lately."

Paul knew when to back off. His job was in IT and he spent little time interacting with anyone other than his direct boss. Paul liked what he did for that very reason but Sara's job was something of a mystery to him and the one thing he did know was that Sara spent most of her day in meetings or dealing with people. He wouldn't trade places with her on the basis of that alone.

"I know you work hard honey."

Paul didn't broach the subject again with Sara and the rest of the night went much like many of their nights went with a light dinner and then some TV before bed and another day's grind.

It was just a day or two later when Sara's boss Ellen asked Sara to come into her office.

Ellen had been with the company for some time and had come to rely on Sara in many ways, delegating to her much of the tasks she found distasteful or a nuisance even if it was above Sara's job responsibilities.

"Sara, I'm sending you down to Florida. Adam Brown has been making a lot of noise about going to another publisher. His agent says we are not giving him accurate sales counts and that it's costing him money. I'm also sending someone from finance down with you too with a full set of the numbers and who can explain everything in detail to Adam's lawyer if it is necessary."

Adam Brown was the writer of a very popular fantasy series that had caught fire and there was talk even of adapting the series to film. The books were so popular people waited outside the store to buy them on the day of release so, to be asked to smooth the issue over was no small assignment and Sara knew this.

Sara was pleased Ellen trusted her enough to task Sara with such a big responsibility but Sara also knew the author had a soft spot for her. When Adam had come to the publisher's offices it was very apparent he had been taken with the quiet young woman even though Adam was Sara's grandfather's age.

Ellen knew a lot was riding on this and hoped the combination of looks and brains in her subordinate would be enough to smooth over any problems with the publisher's cash cow.

Sara thought for a moment about the trip and wondered who would be accompanying her. She imagined it would be the head of finance since Adam Brown was such an important author for their imprint. Jim Raymond who was the head of finance was in his mid forties and had been with the company for a long time. Sara liked Jim and they often chatted when passing in the halls and even had had lunch a few times.

Mind you, Sara was not in any way interested in Jim as he was considerably overweight and balding, qualities Sara did not find at all attractive but, Jim was good company so Sara was thinking it would be a fun trip even with the pressure of dealing with the situation. Also, Sara would be happy to be away from Paul for a few days, Eric had been occupying her thoughts increasingly and even though she had been taking out her increased arousal on Paul she couldn't help but feel her live in boyfriend was a pale substitute.

Sara had been caught up in her thoughts about the trip and her home life, she was snapped from her daydreaming by Ellen, "Sara? Sara? I said we are going to send Eric with you down to Florida. I wanted to send Jim but there is a corporate wide finance meeting so he can't go and Jim has assured me Eric will be able to answer any questions put to him by Adam's lawyer."

"Remember though," Ellen continued, "I expect you to take the lead on this. Make it clear to Eric he is subordinate to you and that during the meeting he will volunteer information only at your direction. I don't want some junior in finance fouling up our relationship with our most valuable author. I know Adam likes you too so don't be afraid to use that to your advantage."

Sara had to suppress a smile but if she hadn't been in Ellen's office Sara would have been leaping in the air. Not only would she be in close proximity to Eric but, they would be far away in accommodations paid for by their employer and he would also be required to follow her orders. It was as if the universe had arranged to give her a present... a HUGE present at that.

Another week passed before the trip to Florida. Sara could barely contain herself before the trip and most days would find her lost in daydreams in her office thinking about Eric and grinding her thighs together in anticipation of having Eric driving into her roughly in some nondescript hotel room. Or, maybe if Sara was especially diabolical, she would somehow be able to get Eric to take her on the sands of some beach at night.

Either way, Sara was consumed with anticipation. It was ironic, Sara was such a quiet girl and had little experience with men before coming to New York and it was only shortly after Sara's arrival in New York that Sara had hooked up with Paul but here Sara was planning to attack some bookish nerd from finance.

In the time since the copier room incident, Eric hadn't given much thought to Sara. Truth of the matter was to Eric, his job at the publisher was by no means the focal point of his life. No, Eric had another life entirely outside of work, separate from work that, if any of his colleagues knew about, they would be quite surprised at.

Eric spent many weekends working behind a bar in one of the many downtown hotspots. He cast away his glasses and wore form fitting clothes as he plied Manhattan's glitterati and pretenders with scores of overpriced drinks. Eric liked working behind the bar and the truth was that on a good night his tips could even exceed his paycheck at the publishing house.

Eric had tended bar as a means to get through college and when he had arrived in Manhattan he had trouble getting a steady day job at first and found it much easier to get a bartending gig. Over the past few years he had moved from place to place until he had gotten his current gig. And Eric loved it because any weekend Eric could wind up serving some drunken celebrity.

Plus, there was the fringe benefit of being able to chat up his patrons and Eric (once he got rid of his glasses) was smooth enough to take more than one woman home and violate her. Usually afterwards, he discarded them, even though it was rare for a woman to not want a repeat performance with Eric.

Eric simply had the good fortune of being in the right place at the right time and not wanting the fun to end. Additionally, Eric had been getting something of a reputation as a ladies's man. So, the trip would turn out to be a surprise for both travelers for very different reasons.

The days leading up to the trip passed by quickly for Sara and her anticipation grew exponentially.

On the day before the trip Sara was sure to pack all of her sexiest undergarments as well as some very flattering skirts and tops. The fact that they were heading down to Florida during the summer gave Sara all the excuse she would need to wear the most revealing of clothing but here the rub was while she could wear things that showed off her beautiful body to its best, the clothes at the same time would have to have the appearance of being professional in keeping with her station and the stated purpose of the trip and also demure in keeping with the image she projected at the office.
