 "Oh my god," he said, "I don't think tonight could go any slower."

His partner snickered.

"I know what you mean!" he answered. "I've had the feeling tonight that I'd be eligible for Social Security before I might finally have the chance to get out of here."

"At least there's only another 15 minutes to go. I think we're going to make it."

While he heard himself saying the words, he only half believed it. Working the evening shift in a hospital's pharmacy can be difficult, but tonight was just brutal. The phones kept ringing off the hook...missing medications, new drug protocols, unexpected emergencies. Even the glare coming off the computer screen seemed particularly harsh this evening and at times made him want to just close his eyes to stop the throbbing in his temples. And then there was the "code blue" in the ICU earlier. 

"Oh my god," he said, "Did I tell you about the code?"

"No," his partner replied, "What happened?"

"I get to the code, right? And people are buzzing all around. The on-call doctor is running the show, and he obviously hasn't done too many situations like this. So who should be there from the unit tonight but the head nurse from the day shift, Tina is her name I think. Do you know her?"

His partner rolled his eyes.

"Do I know her??!! Isn't she the one they call 'The Man-Eater?'"

"Yup. That's her. And apparently, it's a well-earned title. As she's doing CPR on the guy, she's shouting at this doctor, telling him what to give, asking him why he's not doing this thing or that. I thought the doc was going to reach over and throttle her!"

"Jeez!" his partner commented, "Just because her husband is a doctor, she thinks she can just tell everyone what to do? I hate people like that!"

"Yeah. Well, say what you want about her attitude. You have to admit, that girl has one hell of a body. She may nag her doctor hubby to death, but at the end of the day it's gotta be worth it. I'll tell you, as I'm standing there handing out the medications tonight, I just couldn't help watching her."

He looked across the room and winked.

"I had to button up my lab jacket just so people wouldn't notice!"

His partner laughed.

"Well Casanova, are you joining us down at the bar for a drink after work?"

"I don't know," he answered. "I'm a little beat tonight."

"Aw, come on John!" his partner persuaded. "You know what they say? 'All work and no play...?'"

"...Makes Johnny a dull boy!!!" they finished in tandem.

"Besides, I think that other ICU nurse you've been eyeing is going to be there tonight. What's her name? Catherine?"

"Yes indeed!" John answered with a grin. "Catherine is correct! All right, you talked me into it. Now let's close up and get out of here before something else happens! I'll meet you at the bar in a little while."

"You got it," his partner replied. And shutting off the lights, they headed out to see if the end of the night would prove to be better than the beginning.

An hour and a couple of beers later, the stress of the evening seemed much farther away. He loved going out with the gang after work, telling "war stories" from the units and otherwise just blowing off steam. And Catherine's presence there tonight was just adding to the experience. The two of them had hit it off nicely, and things were looking fairly promising. As the group laughed over the stories of tonight's goings on, John cut through the crowd to the bar to get the next round of drinks.

"Bartender!" he shouted. "Another couple of pitchers please!!"

"Do you guys always come here after work?" said a voice from next to him.

He turned around to find Tina sitting at the bar, half a beer left in her hand. He gave her a slightly surprised smile before fumbling with his answer.

"Yeah...well...you know. It's always good to relax after a long night on the job."

She smiled wryly.

"You know, we never do stuff like this after the day shift. There's always something to do in the afternoon. It's kind of nice to see you guys hanging out like this."

The bartender came over and handed him his order.

"You know," she continued, "I want to thank you for the good job you did on the code tonight. At least somebody there knew what he was doing!"

John snickered.

"Well, thanks," he said. "I couldn't help but notice you weren't too crazy about the doctor who was running things. You really gave him the business!"

She took a long, slow sip from her glass before returning her focus to him.

"You know why?" she asked. "Because it's all about trust. I just didn't trust what that guy was doing. I've got to do what's best for my patient, and if that means telling somebody what to do, then I'm damn well going to do that."

By now, the group was yelling to him to bring over the beer. He looked over and held up his finger, telling them he'd be there in a moment. She drained what was left in her glass.

"John?" Tina said, recapturing his attention.

He looked at her. She looked more serious this time, downright sultry. He couldn't help but feel her gorgeous, dark brown eyes shoot right through him.

"John, would you like to get out of here?"

He was shocked! Of all the things she could have said, this was probably the most unexpected.

"Uh...Tina," he stammered, "I don't know! There's the gang over there, and I've been kind of hanging out with Catherine tonight, and...uh...aren't you a little bit MARRIED??!!"

"Oh, don't you worry about that," she told him. "My husband's at work more than he's at home, and he knows I don't like to be alone. He lets me have my 'friends' over to the house. We've got a very open relationship. And as for Catherine and the gang, just tell them that you're tired and want to go home. I don't think they've recognized me over here. This'll be our little secret. Tomorrow, your friends and your new lady-friend over there will still be there and they won't be any the wiser."

His heart pounded as he fidgeted awkwardly. 

"Oh, Tina...I don't know..."

Suddenly, he felt her warm hand on his thigh beneath the bar, causing him to become perfectly still.

"John," she whispered seductively, "It's a matter of trust. Do you trust me John?"

He swallowed hard.

"I'm going to go outside," she continued. "I'll give you ten minutes. If you decide to take me up on my offer, just climb into my car. It's the black BMW parked right out front. If not, then no hard feelings and I'll see you around the hospital. OK John?"

With that, she picked up her things and walked outside.

John picked up the beers and brought them over to the table. His heart was still racing.

"Hey!! What kept you?!" his partner asked.

He thought for a moment.

"You know guys, my head is beginning to hurt. I think I'd better pack it in for tonight," he said.

They all teased him a bit before saying their good-byes. Catherine came over and planted a small kiss on his cheek.

"Maybe we can do this a bit more in private next time?" she whispered in his ear.

"Absolutely," he told her. And then he turned and headed outside to find the black BMW and the promises it held.

He couldn't help be impressed as he walked through the house. Every room was large and tastefully decorated. Leather upholstery, fine wood, and elegant glassware everywhere he looked. And then there was the hostess. As she led him from room to room, the only thing pulling his eyes away from the décor was the mesmerizing sway of her ass in her tight skirt. When they reached the study, she offered him a drink, which he eagerly accepted.

"So? What do you think?" she asked.

"I think I'm ready to move in," he answered.

She laughed.

"There's one more room, you know. Would you like to see the playroom?"

He swished his drink around in its glass before swallowing it down in a quick gulp. Then, with a sweep of his arm, he accepted her invitation.

"Lead the way," he said.

She walked him to the far end of the study to a door that was neatly hidden in the wood paneling. She pushed it open to reveal a small stairway leading down to what must have been the basement. At the bottom of the stairs was a short landing with three doors leading from it. 

She took him by the hand when he paused momentarily at the bottom of the stairs and led him through the door ahead of them. When she switched on the light he could see they had stepped into a large room. The floor was covered in a deep, plush carpet and the walls were mirrored. Along the wall directly across from them was a long cabinet made of fine wood. When he saw it, John's mind imagined all sorts of things that might be inside. The only other furniture was a long leather sofa along the left-hand wall. And perhaps the most curious feature was a metal bar that hung suspended in the middle of the room. 

"Wow!" he commented, "You've gotta give me the name of your decorator!"

She moved to him and wrapped her arms around him. He could feel her large breasts pressed up against his chest. Before he knew what was happening, her tongue was teasing against his. After a long, wet kiss, they separated. 

"Why don't you have a seat?" she offered.

For a moment, he hesitated.

"You're sure your husband's OK with this?" he asked her, with just the slightest trace of apprehension in his voice. 

Her answer was just what he expected to hear. 

"Trust me, Love."

He walked over and sat down on the couch. Tina walked across the room to the cabinet and opened one of the doors, revealing a small refrigerator and bar. 

"Care for a drink?" she asked. 

He nodded.

She picked up a bottle of a golden liqueur and poured out two shots. As she turned to face him, she wet her lips from one of the glasses. Slowly, she walked across the room, eyes locked on his, all the while deliberately licking the liqueur from her lips. He could feel his jaw drop slightly open.

She moved towards him until she stood right in front of him. Then, she leaned over, bringing the second glass to his lips, and giving him a deliberate glance down towards her chest. Carefully, she tilted the glass back until the liquid reached him. The taste was surprising to him...vanilla, thick and sweet, yet with a slight burn as the alcohol slid down his throat.

"Do you like it?" she whispered in his ear.

"Delicious."

"Good," she answered. 

Then, she handed him both glasses and slowly stood back up. 

"I was wondering..." she began, with her hands on her hips.

"...What?" he asked anxiously.

She smiled mischievously at him. Then she reached down and pulled her shirt up and over her head, revealing herself to him. He let out a wanton gasp. Her hands moved back to her waist, and with a slight wiggle her skirt dropped to the floor. Finally, she stood before him wearing nothing but a white cotton thong.

For the first time, he had the chance to appreciate just how stunning Tina really was. He looked at her face, gorgeous in its features and framed by short, dark brown hair. On some, her style would have looked too boyish, but on Tina it allowed her pure beauty to show without distraction. His eyes traced down her body, from her large full breasts, down to her firmly toned waist, to her legs, which seemed to go on forever. Finally, he was snapped out of the trance she had seduced him into.

"I was wondering," she began again, "if there was anything else you'd like a taste of?"

He didn't need a second invitation. Placing the glasses on the floor, he stood up and offered her his hand, which she gladly accepted. He moved around and escorted her to the couch, now inviting her to sit down. As she settled into the soft leather, he moved towards her.

He knelt down in front of her and dipped his finger into one of the glasses. Then, he traced the liqueur across Tina's lips. Once again, her tongue slid seductively across, savoring the sweet taste.

"More!" she instructed.

He wet his finger again. This time, when he brought his hand to her, her lips wrapped around his finger and sucked it clean. As her tongue danced circles around him, he couldn't help but fantasize about things to come.

Again, he wet his fingers in the glass and moved towards her mouth. This time, as her lips moved forward to take him, he pulled his finger back and waved it in the air to tell her "no." Instead, he decided to trace a thick, wet, inviting circle around her nipple.

Looking her in the eye, he moved slowly towards her, until he could smell the sweet aroma of her skin. Then, he blew a small, cool breath of air across the liquid. He could hear her gasp as the alcohol cooled the skin from his breath, and he watched in delight as her nipple stiffened from the stimulation. Finally, unable to resist any longer, he took her in his mouth and gently but eagerly licked her clean.

"Oh...!" she sighed loudly.

Again, he moved to the glass, this time teasing the other nipple. She grabbed the back of his head and pulled him closer to her. As he held onto her waist, he could feel her excitement building as she writhed gently against the leather from his touch. Then, with the taste of vanilla still on his lips, he kissed her, tongues deep in each other's mouths, sharing the flavor. 

As they kissed, he reached down and picked up his glass. When their kiss finally ended, he once again brought the glass to her lips for a taste. Then, lowering it a little, he allowed several drops to fall between her breasts. The thick liquid hung there for a moment, before beginning to run a slow trail down the length of her body.

"There's more than one flavor I'd like to enjoy, you know," he said to her.

She reached for him and pulled him to her once again. The next thing he knew, he found himself comfortably in her cleavage, the smell of vanilla in his nose, his tongue enjoying the treat. She pressed her breasts together lightly against him, moaning softly as his mouth and face pressed against her.

Slowly, he followed the sweet trail down her body, making sure not to leave a drop. From her chest, he moved down across the firm muscles of her belly. He was pleasantly surprised to find that the drink had pooled in her navel on its way down, and as he drank it out, Tina caught her breath and wriggled from the sweet agony. 

He continued to lick his way downward until the trail ended at the top of her panties. A bit of the liqueur had soaked into the cotton, forming an amber stain at the top. He looked up at her, almost hesitant to take the next step.

"Don't stop now, John," she said. 

"Oh no," he answered. "Wouldn't dream of it."

Leaning back over her, he took the rim of her thong between his fingers. Then, taking them gently in his mouth, he began to slowly suck the drink from the cotton. The flood on his senses was overwhelming. The soft feel of the material, the sweet taste of the liqueur, the smell of her arousal, all bombarding him in a strong, marvelous attack. 

"Don't let go," Tina instructed. Then, she slowly began to stand up. 

With the thin white cotton firmly in his mouth, the panties slid easily away from her body as she stood. He found himself helping her by lowering himself a bit as she stepped lightly out of them. Suddenly, as she stood firmly in front of him, he found himself bowing down before this sultry goddess, her thong hanging from his mouth. When he realized the position he was in, he smiled to himself and decided to play the situation to the hilt.

"So Milady," he said, head bowed, "What will be your pleasure? Your wish is my command!"

She laughed out loud. 

"Is that so?" she countered. "Well then..."

She sat back down on the couch.

"Make me cum!"

He raised his head to look at her.

"As you wish!"

Climbing to his knees, he crawled towards her, positioning himself between her legs. Looking her in the eye all the while, he let his hands begin at her shoulders. As he rubbed the tension of the day away, she let her head fall forward and gave a contented sigh.

Next, he ran his hands from her shoulders down the front of her chest, until he held her full breasts in his hands. He rubbed her firmly, and as his palms pressed against her nipples, he could feel them grow and stiffen to his touch. Leaning into her he took one nipple in his mouth, sucking on it lightly. First he would tease her with his tongue, then he would lightly graze her with his teeth. At one point, he bit down a bit harder, causing her to catch her breath and thrust her chest forward until she was fully in his mouth. Unable to resist such an opportunity, he wrapped his arm around her back, pulling her in closer to him and sucked eagerly on her. She responded by caressing the back of his head, running her fingers through his hair, and gently moaning out his name. When he finally released her, he looked up to see her staring lustfully down at him.

"Shouldn't you be bowed down before your Mistress?" she asked in a throaty, breathless whisper.

He was more than happy to continue the game.

He slowly leaned over. The closer he got to Tina's lap, the more the scent of her sex signaled to him the extent of her arousal. He let his tongue trace the outside of her lips, slowly moving up and down. When he reached her clit, he would lick a single circle around it before moving slowly down to the other side.

Tina's hips ground firmly into the soft leather as she called out his name.

"Oh John! Yes! Oh Baby, that feels sooooo good!"

He pressed his lips against her, sucking gently against her pussy. He found himself moaning as he savored her taste, his vibrations sending waves of pleasure up through Tina's body. His tongue found her hole, and as it darted in and out she began to lift herself off the couch to press against him. He lifted her up, wrapping her legs around his head and forcing her to press even harder against him to keep from falling back down.

Next, he moved up to her now fully swollen clit. His tongue flicked quickly against it, then he would switch to slow, deliberate circles. He could hear her breathing quicken in response and feel her legs contract, trying to pull him even deeper into her. 

"Now!! Do it now!" she pleaded.

He gently lowered her back to the couch.

"Patience!" he told her. 

He spread her legs wide apart as he settled in front of her once again. With a finger on each side of her now soaking wet groove, he stretched her lips wide and taut so that the feeling of each sensation would be heightened. With his tongue flat against her, he slowly and lightly began to lick her over the entire length of her pussy. He could taste the juices that flowed freely from her in anticipation of her climax. Then, returning his attention to her clit, he teased her with light slow circles around the swollen bud. Little by little he increased his pace, occasionally stopping to tease her on one side or another, all the while building her up to a slow, final finish. As Tina bit down on her lower lip, small little whimpers escaped her lips. Suddenly, he felt her body tense and thrust forward.

"Oh my god! Oh yes! Make me cum!!!" Tina screamed.

He licked her harder as she came, lapping at her for all she was worth. She bucked wildly against him as she called out his name over and over. At the height of her orgasm, he was treated to a warm gush as her pleasure was released. Finally, when the waves had subsided, he looked at her, smiling, Tina's juices trickling down his chin.

She leaned forward, giving him a long, wet kiss. Then she collapsed back on the couch, drained from the power of her orgasm. She looked at him with a satisfied grin as John traced his fingers lightly up and down the sensitive insides of her thighs, helping her in her afterglow. 

"You know," she said, "You're gonna have to let me return the favor."

For the first time, John became aware of the throbbing in his lap. The invitation sounded perfect to him.

"By all means!"
