 Note: not much sex in this. More focused on developing the relationship.

*****

At four in the morning a peal of thunder as another storm front rolled though woke Amanda. She looked at the man sleeping beside her and thought, I didn't imagine this. He's really here with me and we made love. She was a bit sore, thinking it was due to lack of sex and partially to Steve's size. It was a good feeling. She looked at him in the dim light and she had such a tender feeling. He looked like a little boy, not the battle hardened soldier he was or the driven executive he is now. What will the days ahead bring, she wondered? Will our feelings for each other grow, or fizzle out as so many of my other relationships had? She hoped and prayed that this was the real thing. I am so sick of being alone.

Steven must have sensed something and was instantly awake, sitting straight up in bed. He looked around and then realized where he was and lay back down. Amanda caressed him and soothed him. "You're here with me. It's OK," she whispered. He turned on his side to face her. "Sorry, not used to sleeping with anyone."

"Well I'm happy to hear that," she said. "I hope you can get used to it."

"Practice, practice, practice," he said and laughed softly.

She moved closer to him and put her leg over his hip. She stroked his hair and face still soothing him. He responded by running his hands lightly up and down her back causing her to arch her back and press her breasts into him. "That feels nice," she said. He continued to run his hand over her back and hip, then down over her ass and to the inside of her thigh. A warm feeling crept over her. I can't believe this. I'm getting hot again, she thought. This guy has all the right moves to get me going. Her nipples hardened and rubbed against his chest.

She could almost feel his cock growing longer and start to push against her pussy. She was very wet again and Steve had little trouble getting the head of his cock inside her. Amanda shifted own and as she did his cock went deeper into her. He started fucking her slowly, not being too rough, and perhaps sensing that she was tender from the earlier love making. It didn't hurt at all and Amanda could feel the familiar tightness of an incipient orgasm. He massaged her breasts and kissed her. With one hand he could reach behind her and touch his cock as it slid in and out of her. Wetting his finger with her juices, he could tickle and tease her asshole, making her shiver with delight. That was all she needed and she had a slow, gentle orgasm, cumming with a sigh and tensing as each spasm consumed her. Soon she could feel hot cum in her pussy as Steve spilled his load into her.

Amanda awoke to running water sounds from the bathroom. Sunlight streamed in through the bedroom windows. Sometime early in the morning the storm moved east, replaced by clear skies. She looked at the alarm clock on the nightstand - nine o'clock. She groaned and stretched. I haven't slept this late for as long as I can remember. She had a slightly achy feeling in her loins. Boy am I out of shape when it comes to sex, she thought and I really have to pee. I must be a sight, but there's no way I can avoid Steven. If this doesn't scare him off, nothing will.

He came out of the bathroom, drying himself with a towel. He looked at her and smiled. "Good morning sleepy head. I was wondering when you were going to wake up. I took the liberty of showering, hope it was OK."

"God, you are far too cheerful. I think I have a mild hangover," she said. "And no problem with the shower. I'm heading there right now."

He crossed to the bed, leaned over and gave her a kiss. "You look wonderful. I have to say waking up next to you was pretty darn nice."

"Ugh. You are so full of it. And put some clothes on, you're making me horny."

He glanced at the clothes he wore yesterday, piled on a chair. "I'm not so sure I want to get back into those after getting cleaned up, but I guess I'll have to."

"If you want, my Dad keeps some stuff in the lowest drawer of the bureau in the guest room. There might be something you can wear, at least until you have to leave."

"That could work."

"Now get out of my way. I really need to use to use the bathroom. After I shower I'll make breakfast."

It didn't take long for Amanda to shower and wash her hair. She just toweled it dry and put on a t-shirt and some boxer shorts, her typical Saturday morning lounging and house cleaning outfit. As she came into the kitchen she saw Steve, now wearing sweatpants and a sweat shirt with U.S. Army on the front, standing by the bookcase looking at the framed photos on the shelves.

Holding up one photo he said, "This must be your father and mother. He looks like an officer and your mother is as beautiful as you are."

"Yup. That was taken about four years ago. They haven't changed much. Dad might have a little less hair."

He then pointed to another photo of Amanda with a group of girls holding golf clubs and all wearing matching maroon polo shirts with a white "H" on the breast. "You play golf?" he said.

"Started in the Army. Most of the bases had golf courses and good instructors so I began playing while I was in grade school. That's the Harvard girls' team. We won the Ivy League conference two years in a row."

"Do you still play?"

"Oh yeah. Not as much as I'd like to. I belong to the Minnesota Club not too far from here. My handicap isn't what it used to be. I think I'm a six or seven now. Do you play?"

"Yup. My family have been members at Edina forever, it seems. I used to be close to scratch, but now I'm probably about the same as you. Hey, we have a standing tee time at 3:00 on Sunday. You want to play tomorrow? We hardly ever use it."

"Sure. Sounds like fun. I've never played that course."

"It's a classic. Not too hard, but challenging enough."

The he looked at another photo of an Army officer. "This has to be your brother. You could be twins."

"That's Chad. Two years younger. West Point, now a first lieutenant, Corps of Engineers."

"He's a good looking young officer."

"He is. Takes after Dad. So, are you hungry?"

"Are you kidding? I could eat a boiled owl."

"I think I can do a little better than that," Amanda said. "How about a cheese omelet, bacon, English muffins, orange juice and coffee?"

"Fantastic. Anything I can do to help."

"Nope. This won't take long. Sit down and relax. I'll get the coffee started."

Steven sat at the island counter and watched as Amanda moved around the kitchen preparing their breakfast. It was quite a sight. Clearly she had nothing on under the t-shirt and her breasts swayed with every move. He could see her nipples through the light fabric and the boxer shorts did little to conceal her firm, rounded ass. Her still damp hair framed her face, devoid of makeup, but it appeared she really didn't need much artificial help. She bit her lower lip as she concentrated on the omelets then looked up at Steve and smiled. He felt a flutter in his chest and thought, what a beautiful, engaging woman. Shit, I think I'm in love.

She slid two perfect omelets onto warmed plates, added bacon and toasted English muffins and set the plates on the table in the breakfast nook, along with large glasses of orange juice and two mugs of steaming coffee. For the next few moments all that could be heard was the clink of silverware as they devoured their breakfast. Both were very hungry and it took no time at all to polish off the food.

Steven got up and poured more coffee in their mugs and then sat down with a satisfied look on his face. "That was amazing," he said. 

"I learned to cook in law school to save money and I found that I enjoyed it," she said.

"Even if you weren't the most beautiful woman in the world I'd hang around just so you could feed me from time to time," he said.

"Do you? Want to hang around?" she said, looking at him searchingly.

He carefully put his coffee mug on the table and returned her look.

Here it comes, she thought, a gentle let down.

"There's something I want you to understand about me. I'm not a one night stand kind of a guy. I could use the excuse that I was a bit hammered for coming home with you and having sex. The truth is that I've wanted to get to know you better for quite some time, but never had the nerve or opportunity to act on that. Then last night I just couldn't let you walk out of my office without saying something, without trying to see if maybe we could be more than co-workers and friends.

"I did not expect that we would end up in bed together. Maybe down the road, but not as fast as it happened. I'm glad it did happen, but here's the thing. I want more than just a roll in the hay. I'd like to see if we can have a relationship. I think, I hope, that maybe you feel the same. Anyway, I wanted to get this out so we understand each other. I want to see you again. I realize this may be incredibly bad timing to bring this up, and I may be getting way ahead of myself, but I have to do it because of the way I feel about you."

"Steven, that's the sweetest thing anyone has ever said to me and I never would have let you be alone with me last night if I didn't hope for the same thing. I was so worried that you'd think I was just some kind of hot pants slut looking for a good time. I went to your office not knowing what would happen and when you asked me to join you I was determined not to let the chance slip away either. I think maybe, just maybe, we've found each other at the right time in our lives."

He leaned over the table and kissed her. "Good," he said with evident relief. "I would have been very disappointed if I couldn't have breakfast with you again."

"Well there is always tomorrow morning," she said shyly.

"Here's an idea. Come over to my place this afternoon. I'll make dinner and we can just chill out and learn more about each other," he said. "Bring your golf stuff and we can go from my place to the club on Sunday."

Amanda jumped up, spun around and laughed. "Yes! Steven, I'm so happy I could scream. Give me a hug!"

He stood up and gathered her into his arms and held her tight. Running his hand over her rear and feeling her warm body pressed against his, he said, "I'd better head home to get ready for you, but part of me wants to drag you into the bedroom and make love to you."

She fondled his cock through the material of the sweatpants and said, "So I see. Don't worry; we'll have lots of time later. Get going!"

He went into the bedroom to put on his clothes from yesterday. He then wrote out his address for her and she walked to the door with him. "See you around three," he said and kissed her goodbye.

After he left Amanda ran around the apartment jumping, shouting and laughing. He's the one, I know it she exclaimed and thought, this is not very dignified behavior for a Harvard-trained lawyer and then started jumping around again.