 Sara didn't want me and there wasn't a thing that I could do about it. I was hurt, angry and confused. But mostly, I was sad. My first brilliant idea was to find a really nice sweet girl, fuck her, then ghost her and make her feel worthless. That way I could have the satisfaction of feeling guilty for being a terrible person and know that I deserved to feel the way I did. 

The logistics and my personality doomed this plan. Of course I couldn't do it, but for me to even entertain the idea is a testament as to how worthless and low I felt.

Sara was trying to be nice I guess. She said, "You're smart and great. You're everything I'd want- except for the way you look. I'm not physically attracted to you. I really want us to be friends though!" 

Do you know how bad you think that can make a person feel? It's really not like that. It's way fucking worse.

With my ego crushed, I couldn't even think of moving on. I didn't give a shit about my appearance. I just knew that I was broken. That was only confirmed when I began to receive social media updates written by Sara. She was dating a friend (well former friend) and reported daily how she'd never been happier. That made things easy. I now had a clear course of action, which was to not give a flying fuck about anyone.

Though liberating, it's safe to say that I might have been feeling just a touch jaded and bitter as the Fall semester began.

The one bonus was my ability to take refuge in research. I'd pour over obscure articles in my field to remain on the cutting edge of fourteenth century France. I also had classes to teach. Other than that, I simply existed in my futile attempt to not feel anything. 

I didn't want anyone and told myself that I didn't give a shit whether anyone cared about me. The first was true, the second not so much. I'll be honest- I took Sara's words way too hard. I know that I'm not bad looking. It's no crime that she wasn't physically attracted to me. I think my ego got bruised, and found it to be a bit humiliating. In that moment, I couldn't see that I was throwing a temper tantrum, but really that's all it was.

I was so focused on being angry with Sara and myself that I became trapped. I was in this dark place and didn't try to escape. I stopped hanging out with my friends, I stopped enjoying life. Really, I gave up on having a life at all. I was experiencing heartache for the first time in years. I'd forgotten how terrible it was, and tortured myself with the idea that I was rejected for my appearance. As I write this, I realize now that Sara probably had many more reasons to reject me.

School began and the classes I taught were fine. I received word that my article was going to be published in a prestigious journal, which was a coup both professionally and financially. 

The only thing not doing well were my Emotions. I was a wounded dog, growling at anyone who tried to get close.

I did enjoy teaching. My absolute favorite was the seminar. It had a mix of juniors, seniors and grad students. It was created to encourage interdisciplinary study within the liberal arts. That's a fancy way of saying having people other than history geeks take my class. I linked the study to literature of the time in hopes that it would attract English majors. 

I only had enough spots for fifteen. Seventy three applied, of whom seventy two were history majors. The other was an English major. So of course I took that person and filled out the rest. We met once a week for three hours. It was pretty easy to identify the English major. She didn't look like the other history students and also happened to be the only girl. She didn't catch my attention. I knew her name was Lily and that was about it.

In late September, as the first paper grew near, I found her outside my office. That was a surprise. I wore a face that said, "Don't bother me," which the other students got. Lily was apparently not fluent in my, "Leave me the fuck alone," body language. 

I hoped that it was a coincidence. I nodded, opened the door and closed it behind me. If she was there for me, she'd take the hint and go away. If she wasn't, then great. I discovered that Lily was not one to be deterred. I heard a soft knock on the door. It was so gentle that I pretended to not hear. The knocking stopped. Good riddance. But then I heard it again. "Fuck," I whispered. "Come!" I called.

Lily shyly opened the door. I looked at her for the first time. She'd never missed a class but I was so done with women that I just viewed her as a formless shape with color. But now that she was in my office, I could see that Lily was beautiful in an unconventional way.

Her hair was light brown with an unusual pixie style haircut that reminded me of an elf. She was a few inches shorter and couldn't have been more than one twenty. She wore large glasses that distorted the side of her face, had a very cute button nose and a constellation of freckles. But what I really noticed was how anxious she seemed.

I really hadn't felt much other than anger and self pity for the last several months. But now I felt guilty. I thought of how I'd behaved. Frankly, I was a dick to nearly all of my students. I'd ignored emails and wrote nasty comments on short essays. Don't get me wrong: they really did suck but I could have been more tactful. I thought of my email box. Lily's name was in it three times. I never opened them. No wonder she was there. 

"Hi," I said, not trying to sound like a dick for once. "What can I do for you?" It was 3:45. I had office hours until 6pm. I expected to answer her question and then watch cat videos on youtube. Or porn. Probably porn.

"Professor, I have some questions about the paper," she said. I didn't respond for a moment. She wasn't wearing a bra, and I could see the outline of her nipples. My experienced eye said she was a B or C cup. I could feel my cock stiffen a little.

But no. Fuck that. I wasn't going to play that game. She was a student, and even if she wasn't, I'd resolved to not feel anything. I was done with all of that emotional nonsense. Lily really was beautiful. The outline of her nipples really were intriguing. Though bitter and angry, I wasn't immune to raw sensuality. 

"Professor?"

That brought me back. "Lily, what can I do for you?" I then remembered I'd said that. To spare me, she repeated herself. "Talk to me. What do you need cleared up?" Lily then laid out her questions and I did my best to answer them. She wanted advice on how to approach the topic and potential source materials. I was actually helpful! 

Without realizing it, we transitioned to life and talked until it was past 6pm. This was the first pleasant, intelligent, non work related conversation I'd had with anyone- let alone a female!- in months.

When she left, I whispered, "Fuck me." I was smitten. I then told myself: Self, don't do it. Don't go there. You're twice her age, she's your student and according to Sara, you're not that good looking. 

The familiar ache and pain returned with the memory. But my thoughts turned to Lily. I could feel something that wasn't sadness or self-hate. "I sure as fuck didn't expect that," I whispered to myself as I packed up to leave.

When I opened the door, Lily was standing in the hall, waiting. there, waiting. That was definitely a first. Lily said, "I just wanted to say thanks for listening to me. I really love your class too."

"I enjoyed talking to you as well," I told her. I planned to stop there. But apparently my mouth wasn't done. "I think that's the first time I've felt good since before the summer." I regretted admitting it. But then Lily gave me a sweet smile. In that moment, in that second of time, I was happy. I didn't want it to end. But then it did. We both left. I went home and read an academic journal about the discovery of Richard III's body. Was it interesting? Yes. Yes it was.

The Lily effect was tremendous. I stopped being rude and took great pleasure in working with my students, even those poor clueless freshman in my survey class on Early American History. On Tuesday, we had the seminar and I couldn't help but to smile when I saw her. 

I was energized by the class and broke from the dry nuts and bolts to tell the stories that made me love history. I even found myself listening to different ideas with an open mind. It always got a laugh when I called somebody an, "Idiot," for presenting a dumb idea, but that tends to have a chilling effect on insightful thought.

Nothing was going to happen with Lily but she got me out of that nasty little prison I'd built for myself. On Thursday, the day of my office hours, I showed up. I was shocked to see three students there from different classes. Lily was among them. I don't know if she did it on purpose, but she positioned herself to go last. I took in the other two, listened to each carefully and told them what needed to be done. Each took about five minutes.

I then heard the light knocking on the door. "Come in," I called. I think I sounded far too enthusiastic, but fuck it. She then had a small, easy to answer question. I was sorry it wasn't more complicated because the girl would excuse herself. I enjoyed seeing her. She was seeing me to make sure she was doing good work. But then we started talking life again. I learned about her sisters, her brother, her love of Neutral Milk Hotel (who are pretty great), and I told her about my life. Lily actually seemed interested. At 6pm, she waited for me to pack up and walked with me to my car as we chatted.

I then realized we were in the faculty lot. "Are you parked nearby?" I asked.

"No, I need to grab the bus." I was actually touched. She'd walked out of her way just so that we could talk a bit longer. with me just so that we could talk.

"Where do you live? I'm on the west side of town," I told her.

"That's where my car is," she said. I offered her a ride and she accepted. Nothing was wrong or unusual. I was just giving a student a lift. That's all. I was unattractive. She couldn't possibly want me. I was safe. There would be no conversation with the Dean. I was on very solid ground.

We drove just a few miles and she really did park close to my house. It was actually convenient. Yes, I know I'd have driven a hundred miles out of my way and felt the same, that's not the point. "There I am," she said, pointing at a box shaped silver car. I parked next to it and told her I really enjoyed talking. "I guess I should go," she said.

I really wanted to kiss her. But no. I couldn't; I wouldn't. I turned to her to say something like have a great night. But the words never came. Instead, and to my surprise, the shy pixie of a girl grabbed my head and pulled my lips to hers. I should have pulled back. I could have said absolutely not. But instead, I hungrily kissed her in the back of the parking lot, our tongues dancing as they ran against each other. My cock grew thick and hard. I wanted her so terribly. I felt her rubbing my cock through my trousers as my hand went under her shirt.

Her braless breasts felt amazing. She moaned as I played with her nipples and kissed her. I was filled with raw desire. I was about to suggest she follow me to my place but then I remembered my roommate. Jessica was a visiting professor, beautiful in her own right and happily married. I couldn't bring a student home. I wanted to. I would have said yes and dealt with it if Lily asked. But then to my disappointment and relief, Lily said, "I have to go. I've got a group meeting at 8." The time was 740. We'd been kissing and teasing each other for over an hour.

Lily got out. I waited to make sure her car started and then I drove home. I knew what had happened and didn't regret it. But I realized we couldn't do more. I felt better about myself. "You're not a hideous monster," I said to myself, grinning stupidly. When I got home, I tried to read an academic article (kind of my job) but I just couldn't concentrate. My mind returned to Lily. I'd memorized every curve of her body. If I'd had her number, I would have texted.

I fell asleep feeling great for the first time in forever. Friday was my easy day. I hoped Lily would send me an email or something, but I didn't hear from her. It would have been imprudent for me to reach out to her. By Sunday, I'd come to the conclusion that we couldn't do that again. I'd talk to her and explain it was possible once the semester was done in December. I looked at the calendar. September 24. Fuck.

On Monday I was back into the grind of research and work. On Tuesday, i wondered if Lily would even come to class. She gave me a shy, slightly naughty smile. Lily really was beautiful and sexy in an unconventional way. I didn't know what to do. I wouldn't give her a ride on Thursday and if she came to me during my office hours, I planned to answer her question and shoo her away. That was exactly what I was going to do.

The class went great, Wednesday went well too, and then I had my Thursday office hours. To my surprise nobody was there. Actually, it made sense. Papers were submitted earlier in the week and nothing was due any time soon. My emotions were mixed. She'd come to the same conclusion as me. Good. She came to the same conclusion as me. Fuck. But that was the smart play.

I then heard Lily's light knock on the door. I could feel myself getting hard and my heartrate increase. I was excited and nervous. Did she want me? Or was she going to say that it ended, that she too had taken off those fucking "rose colored glasses."

"Come in," I called. Lily opened the door and closed it behind her. She hadn't done that before. This was bad no matter what. I wanted the upper hand this time. She was going to tell me it was a mistake (which it was) but I wanted to tell her first. Mature? No. Would it make me feel better? Slightly.

"Hi," she said. My throat went dry. She was wearing really tight shorts, knee high socks for Halloween, and an old thin T shirt of her favorite band. The girl looked sexy, especially her legs. I usually don't notice legs, but there was something perfect about them. The socks certainly didn't hurt either. "I just wanted to say-"

But I cut her off. I didn't know what she was about to say, but wanting me or not wanting me were both bad. "Lily, what happened last week can't happen again. I'm really sorry, but as your professor, it's unethical. I think you're a lovely young lady and-"

Lily then cut me off: "I was going to say I wanted you to lick my pussy."

"Lock the door," I said. Judge me if you want, but if a really sexy girl you want asks you to lick her pussy, do you think you can say no? It wasn't a question of will power. I really wanted to. I'd fantasized about it. I'd dreamed of it. There was nothing I wanted more.

As soon as the door locked, I motioned for her to come to me. Lily did so. I undid her jean shorts, and they fell from her petite slender frame onto the floor. I raised her shirt and kissed her flat belly, running my tongue around her belly button. She gasped. I then slowly pulled her simple white panties down. They dropped to the floor. She stepped out of them while both my hands were on her ass. I kissed her tummy sa bit longer, then whispered, "Get on the desk."

Lily climbed up and parted her legs. Her pubic hair was dark. I wasn't surprised she didn't shave. I thought it was very sexy. Her pussy lips were a soft pink. I ran my finger along those pink folds and grazed her clit, which caused her to shudder. The girl was very wet. I had to take her.

She leaned back as I leaned down. Girls have the power to tease guys by the way they dress and brush against us. But I found that we can tease girls by going slow and soft. I wanted Lily to squirm. I took the tip of my tongue and lightly touched the edge of her pussy, lighting upon her as gently as a butterfly. I moved my tongue up slowly, grazed her clit, and then ran it down the sweet wetness on her left. I then did it again, barely touching, She gave a soft moan when i touched her clit. I then went down the right side.

I repeated this again and again. She was getting extremely wet and making a low noise of frustration. She put both hands on the back of my head, trying to push me in. I smiled, loving the game. "You're killing me," she gasped. "Pleeassseee." I took mercy on her. I flattened my tongue and from the bottom, firmly licked the whole of her cunt going from the bottom, brushing over her clit. I then did it again, and again. I could hear her shallow rapid breathing and the whispered words of, "Yes..Yes...Yes..."

I then swirled the tip of my tongue around her clit. Her legs were on my shoulders now and began to shake. "So good," she exhaled. "Close..." I flattened my tongue again. I admit, I was getting tired at this point. We'd been going for nearly forty minutes. I pressed it against her clit. Lily didn't hesitate as she humped my tongue with a hunger and passion. "Fuck..." she whispered quietly. Her legs then closed on my head as the orgasm rippled through her body. The wetness dripped on my tongue. The girl tasted sweeter and sexier than anything I'd ever had before. "Can we do it again?" Lily asked.

"Yes," I said. But I need to rest a second.

"I know what to do," she said. Lily jumped from the desk. Her hands went to my trousers and she undid my belt and fly. "I didn't know I'd want to," she said. Lily then freed my cock. "It's thick," she whispered. "It won't fit." I'd heard that more than once. I'm 8'' long, and am unusually girthy.

"You don't have to," I said.

"There's no way I'm not trying," Lily whispered as she straddled me. The tiny girl was very wet. Precum dripped down my cock. She rubbed the tip against her pussy lips. The tip was in. She was so very tight. Lily bounced up and down rhythmically as we kissed. Each time she went down, her tight little pussy stretched just a bit more. It took time, but soon I was all the way in her, Lily's juices coating my entire cock. 

"You feel so good," I growled, my voice low and quiet. She looked at me, closed her eyes and began to kiss me hungrily, her wetness flowing down my shaft. I didn't care that we shouldn't be doing this. This was what I wanted. I wanted to feel that tight wet pussy of hers sliding up and down. This wasn't love or romance; Lily and I were filled with a primal, animalistic hunger. My fingernails dug into her ass while she held my head tightly to her lips, kissing and biting. She was going faster and harder, my cock sliding in and out of her tightness. "I'm going to cum," I whispered.

Lily nodded. I wanted to warn her so that she could pull my cock out of her, but that wasn't her plan. Lily kept going up and down, faster and faster. I couldn't hold back. I started to cum which ignited her. Lily had me all the way in her as I filled her with my thick warm cum. She didn't move, nor did I. She then smiled, and we both laughed. "I can't believe that happened," she whispered. I couldn't either. "We're going to do this a lot. You need to accept it," Lily said.

"Accepted," I whispered. We then kissed tenderly, as we calmed down. At a little after six, I drove her to her car and went home. Jessica was making dinner. She was a few years younger than me, insanely smart. 

Jess looked at me and asked, "Why are you smiling like that?" Her eyes then got wide. "You got laid!" She said in a slight Texas drawl. I didn't know what to say. But when she put her hand up for a high five, I gave it to her, confirming her guess.

------ Lily Part 2

If you'll forgive me, I'd like to take a moment to consider the nature of love. I'm not really sure what it is and don't know that I've ever been in love with somebody who loves me or that I've been loved by a girl whom I loved. I don't believe in soulmates. Maybe it's evolutionary, in that we pick a mate to produce an improved version of ourselves. In short, I don't know that love is real.
