 Steve was working in his garden when Naomi came past. Let me give you a little background here. Steve was twenty five. He was a carpenter, employed by a large building firm. The unit he was in was a stand-alone unit but part of a larger complex. For privacy, previous owners had planted bushes around the perimeter of the front yard. The bushes had eventually grown together so you couldn't see where one finished and the next one started. They were also quite tall. While the final product did give Steve complete privacy in his front yard, those bushes were a pain in the butt to keep trimmed. Steve had half a mind to get rid of them, but that would have involved more work than trimming. For the time being the bushes remained.

Naomi was nineteen, pushing twenty. She worked in one of the shops at the local mall, passing Steve's place on the way home. She found Steve attractive and suspected that the attraction was mutual. She had a current boyfriend, but this didn't stop her from idly flirting with Steve when she ran across him.

On this particular day Naomi had spotted Steve trimming his hedges well before she actually reached him. She thought a little bit of fun wouldn't go astray. A teasing flirtation didn't hurt anyone. It was convenient, she thought, that there was handy bus stop, complete with shelter, right next to where she was walking. She stepped into the shelter for a moment before continuing on her way.

Steve had just finished trimming the outside of the hedges and was in the process of moving his equipment into the front yard to do the inside. He paused when Naomi came up, not unwilling for a little flirtation.

"Naomi," he said, nodding to her and smiling. "How's it going?"

"Steve," Naomi returned, doing her best to blush. "It's been a dreadful day at work. It was capped off in the most embarrassing manner when I was at the bus stop."

"What happened?"

"Oh, it's too embarrassing to explain," Naomi told him, having every intention of doing so. "I don't know how it happened. I was sitting on the seat at the bus stop earlier and when I moved a splinter must have stabbed through my panties." She did manage to blush slightly when she said that. "The next thing I knew I couldn't stand up because my panties were fastened to the seat. I finished up having to wriggle out of them. Thank god no one was there while I was doing that."

Steve laughed. "At least, no harm done. You're fine now."

"Much you know," said Naomi scornfully. "Before I could put them back on some people came up. I had to travel on the bus with my panties stuffed in my purse. So embarrassing."

"You're kidding. You had to go commando?"

"I still am. I haven't had a chance to put them on. See." Naomi opened her purse to show the panties inside.

"Not a problem," Steve said. "Just step into my garden. It's completely private and you can tidy up with no problems."

He was ushering Naomi in before he'd finished speaking. Naomi hesitated. She wasn't sure that she'd thought this all the way through.

"Now far be it from me to suggest you might be telling me a little white lie but I really think I should check on your veracity"

"Excuse me?" Naomi said, not sure exactly what he meant.

Steve grinned. "I mean I want to see for myself," he told her, lifting up the front of her dress.

Naomi didn't have to force a blush this time, not with Steve standing there looking at her naked pussy.

"Steve," she cried, pushing her dress back down into place.

Steve just laughed and deliberately lifted the front of her dress again, enjoying the way she blushed. Also enjoying the scenery he was once again looking at.

"Don't you Steve me in that tone of voice," he chided her. "You knew damn well that I would want to look and see for myself. That's why you told me your little story."

Naomi squirmed slightly at Steve's words. Yes, she admitted to herself. She probably had known that he'd want to look. She'd just been pretending otherwise. She gave a little gasp. She was damn certain she hadn't expected him to actually touch her there. This time her call of, "Steve," was truly indignant.

"You know, I've been seriously considering seducing you for a while, Naomi," Steve said, speaking softly. "I have suspected that my attentions wouldn't have been unwelcome."

Naomi was blushing again, horribly aware of his hand resting on her mound, cupping it and squeezing it slightly. She wanted to look anywhere but at Steve.

"I'm going to give you a choice. We can go inside, whereupon I will take off all your clothes before lying you down and making love to you. The first alternative to that is you say no way and go running home as fast as you can. The final alternative is you bend over right where you are with your hands on your knees. I'll lift up your dress and fuck you right here, right now, just as vigorously as I can."

"Really, Steve. What do you think I am," Naomi wailed softly, shocked that he was so blunt about wanting her. Where were the sweet words and gentle caresses? 

"Honestly? I think you're willing for me to take you. Otherwise you'd never have mentioned anything about not having panties on. I think that you're finding the idea of me taking you here in the garden quite exciting. You're imagining yourself bent over, pussy on display, while I slide into you. We're outside. There are people walking along on the other side of the hedges and you're here being taken while the sun shines on places it normally doesn't see."

Naomi gave a little shiver. Steve was right. She was thinking just that. Her in the garden while he mounted her from behind. Just standing there, bent over, while he took her. He'd have to hold her in position or he might knock her over when he thrust into her. She looked at the hedges, confirming they were too tall for anyone to look over them.

"Come along," murmured Steve. "Bend over and hands on your knees. Make sure you part your legs nicely to help your balance. We'll put off a visit to the house for another time."

She was going to do it, Naomi admitted to herself. Had she really planned on this from the moment she slipped her panties off? Oh dear, maybe it had been in the back of her mind all along, which would explain why she wasn't feeling shocked that it was happening. She'd already been anticipating this.

OK, she admitted to herself. She might have been anticipating sex but she was certain she hadn't expected it to be outside in Steve's front yard. But she wasn't going to refuse, she just wasn't. Excitement was rising within her at the thought of what was about to happen.

Steve was smiling, amused at then unexpectedness of what was happening. He brushed Naomi's dress up and away from her bottom, letting his hand run over it before descending to cover her mound and giving it a soft squeeze. He stood there, rubbing her, feeling the heat inside her. Her head was twisted to look at him and he winked at her.

Naomi was wishing she could see what Steve was doing. She could feel his hand on her bottom, on her mound, playing with her. She craned her neck, trying to see and found Steve willing to oblige. While she watched he took a step to the side, giving her a clear view of him. He winked and started undoing his trousers. She blushed when they dropped, his shorts going with them, revealing his erection, standing there ready for her. Ha, she'd done that to him. 

Still, she couldn't help feeling a little nervous. She took a hasty look around, making sure no-one could see into their private nook. She eyed the path dubiously. What on earth would she do if Steve received an unexpected visitor? She almost giggled. All she had to do was stand up and her dress would fall into place. Steve on the other hand had his trousers around his ankles. Yes, whispered a little voice. Just stand up – unless a certain cock is jammed up inside you. Then let's see you stand. 

Steve had vanished behind her again. Now she could feel the head of his cock dragging back and forth along her slit, just stirring her up. She found herself breathing faster, anticipating what was coming. His cock was in position. She could feel it pressing against her, wanting to come in. Steve's hands were on her hips, holding her steady. Then it was happening. She could feel him easing into her, pushing steadily, sliding along her passage, filling her.

Steve was still smiling as he drove energetically into Naomi. An unexpected treat and he was going to make the most of it. Hands on her hips to hold her steady for his initial entry, he'd driven in neatly, and now his hands were encouraging her to move against him as he took her. Maybe he should have chosen a different position, but no, this was unusual and fun. He could feel Naomi quivering against him as he moved.

Naomi was finding the going a little unsteady. She had nothing to brace herself against, keeping one foot slightly in advance of the other, finding her weight going heavily onto it each time Steve thrust forward. His holding her hips and pulling her towards himself as he thrust certainly helped but she found herself giggling through the passion, her imagination showing Steve releasing her hips at the wrong moment and sending her tumbling across the ground, his cock popping out like a cork from a bottle. That would be so embarrassing, for both of them. 

Steve was plunging into her with great gusto. She was trying to push back against him but he was so strong. Still, things were going nicely to this point and she was heating up nicely, passion burning within her, promising better times were coming. She was gasping, urging Steve on, but doing it quietly. She didn't dare be noisy. What if someone investigated the noise?

Oh god, she couldn't bear this. It was getting too much. Heat was coursing through her, excitement building, even the knowledge of where they were was bringing a naughty fillip of additional pleasure. Oh god, he had to finish this. She'd scream if he didn't finish soon.

Still holding Naomi steady Steve thrust in hard for his finish. A few quick strokes and he was there, spilling his seed and feeling Naomi convulse under him, noting that she seemed to have both hands jammed against her mouth. A scream would have been interesting, but he guessed that he could go without that particular interest for the time being.

Feeling Steve withdrawing Naomi stood erect, albeit on legs that were feeling a little on the wonky side. She looked down at herself. Her dress had fallen back into place and her blouse hadn't even been disturbed. A pity, as that meant her breasts had also been undisturbed, and she liked having her breasts touched. All-in-all she looked as if she'd just stepped off the street for a moment. She smiled smugly, watching Steve trying to scramble into his trousers. She noted his cock, now flaccid. Ha, she thought again. She'd done that to him as well.

"That was," she paused for a moment, "interesting," she said. "But I think I'd better be getting on home now."

Steve grinned. "Ah, forgetting something are you?"

She raised an eyebrow, puzzled.

"Your panties are still in your bag," he gently reminded her.

"Ah, yes, I know. I thought I'd leave them there in case I met someone who has evil intentions upon my body," she said airily. She dropped a quick kiss on him and headed on out, smiling in her satisfaction.