 While she would love to take the credit for finding him, he had found her, or rather them. Just an average couple looking to spice up their sex lives, or at least that's how the ad on the internet had read. Married sixteen years, with 3 kids, and two careers the ad continued, looking for couples, but would consider a single male if one with a sense of humor and great personality came long. Many had responded with their less than impressive lines about the size of their cocks, tricks of their tongues and near god-like staying power. Each one was answered with a cool no thanks and just when she began to wonder if any of the Neanderthals who came to these sights could actually read, Brian e-mailed. There was no mention of his cock, no reference to the numbers of women he had no doubt successfully bedded, just an appreciation of their sense of humor, noting that he had not been profiled on American's Most Wanted even once! He explained in detail why he was single, having taken note of the no cheaters clause in their ad, and went on to say he traveled a great deal with his job and would be in town in a couple of weeks. 

This was the one, Mitchel decided and pulled up his profile. She braced herself for the usual two sentences describing how/where/when he liked to fuck, and the ever present dick picture that seemed to be a standard accessory for all single guys profiles. Much to her surprise, the picture was of him completely clothed somewhere in a park, and the profile rivaled theirs. He had taken great pains to be thorough and humorous and she found herself liking him almost instantly. After a quick check with her husband, she sent back a response and the flirtation began. For the next two weeks, they e-mailed each other nearly every day, flirting, revealing bits and pieces of themselves, telling stories of other relationships, and setting the ground rules for their meeting. It was to be only a meeting, Mitchel explained after a previous encounter that she had not made quite clear enough. She and her husband would meet him at a small local bar, not one of their usual hangouts, a couple of beers, some conversation and then everyone would leave separately, no pressure for anything else on the first meeting. The perfect plan.

The day of the meeting began just like every other day. She hit the snooze and rolled over to snuggle up to her husband just as the rest of the house began to come to life. 

"I can't find my jeans, does anybody know where my jeans are?" bellowed Libby from her bedroom. 

"Mom, tell Sydney to give me back my shirt"

"Mom, I had it first!"

She pulled a pillow over her head and groaned. At what point had she thought three girls would be a good idea? The pillow lifted off her head and she opened her eyes to find herself eye to eye with her youngest. "Mommy, I need lunch money," she said waving an envelope. She squinted to focus on her, hair unbrushed, shirt on backwards with grape jelly in the corners of her mouth. With another groan she sat up and took the envelope from her and began the morning ritual of playing drill sergeant. By the time every crisis was solved, lunch money divvied out, shoes found and hair brushed, she was grateful the school bus was whisking her angels away as she sagged back against the front door.

"Coffee honey?" he asked, handing her a cup and giving her a kiss on the cheek.

She took it without response and took a drink. 

"What time are we meeting this guy?" he asked, continuing without waiting for an answer. "6 o'clock, is that what you said? And what did you tell me his name was? Doug? No, no, that was the last guy, right? What was his name... well I guess it doesn't really matter, their all lame asses anyway. Do you know what time it is? You're going to be late again you know." He took a breath and she jumped at her chance.

"No, I didn't know I was going to be late, but since I am already late, and I am after the boss..." she trailed off running her hands down his chest and to the growing bulge in his boxers, "maybe I could at least be late for a really good cause." 

Mitchel somehow managed to be to work nearly on time, having found that sex in the shower serves a two fold purpose, and set about her work. She found herself too deeply involved in the day to let the thought of meeting Brian crossed her mind. She was just wrapping up a couple of loose ends and about to check the time when her phone rang and it was her husband was on the other end. "You will never guess who just drove in our driveway," he ground out, "your sister and her husband."

"Oh my God! What are they doing there?" panic in her voice.

"They were just in the area and decided to drop in," his voice dripping with sarcasm, "I'll tell them you have a sales meeting tonight and will be late."

"But what about you?" she asked, suddenly feeling a bit anxious about the meeting. "What will he think when you don't show up, and how will..."

He cut her sentence short with a quick, "Gotta go, you have fun at your meeting." and hung-up, a sure sign that her sister was about to grab the phone.

She sunk down in her chair, a mixture of anger, frustration and intrigue. Damn, her timing sucked. She lived 8 hours away, one would think she would call first! Mitchel debated if she should really go alone, after all, the only real knowledge she had about Brian was from the internet, and everybody knows no one lies there! The bar, although a little rough, was safe enough, she reasoned, then checked her watch and headed out. She was going to make the best of it, and if he didn't turn out like she hoped, she would have to just fine tune her flirting skills on some poor regular. 

The bar was dimly lit and smoky and it took her eyes a minute to adjust. The bar was fairly crowed for a Thursday night, and any number of non-descript men were sitting at the bar, playing pool and sitting at tables although at the moment she was sure they were all looking at her. She had changed out of her suit in the locker room at the office and now was wearing an obscenely short black mini skirt and higher than usual heels that were apparently doing their job of showing off her long toned legs judging by the amount of interest from all the patrons. A brief bit of panic hit her, as she realized she really did not know who she was looking for. Most of the pictures she had seen of him, his face was blurred, or in later pictures he was naked, and each and every one of the men at this bar were fully clothed, a problem she realized. With a laugh, she made my way to the bar, she was the only female in the bar that wasn't an employee, he could find her - she was certain he hadn't missed her entrance. She ordered a beer and a water, paid the tab and was just turning to find a table when a hand touched her shoulder and her eyes made contact with a pair of ice blue eyes that could only have belonged to Brian. 

"Mitchel?" he asked tentatively. 

Brian." It was a statement. He was just what she had envisioned. She took a drink of beer, calm, she reminded herself, stay calm and flashed her best "you are so cute" smile.

They made their way to an open table and after a brief explanation of why she was alone and even offering to call home so he could talk to her husband, they settled in to an easy conversation like they had known each other for years. 

"Mitchel is a really unusual name," he began, looking for some starting point. 

She made a face, but he continued," I like it. I think it fits you, not really girlie, but kind of mysterious. I like it."

"Thanks, I guess," she laughed. It's not really my name, but it's what all my friends call me and it does fit." 

"So, what's your real name?"

"Michelle."

"I like Mitchel better. Anyway, I have another girl I see who is Michelle, so this will make it easier!" They both laughed at the absurdity of the logic and the ice was broken. 

He told her his background, he was divorced, a dad with a young son who was clearly the moon and stars to him, about his job that required enormous amounts of travel to a variety of states and from time to time my city, and about what he wanted from life and our pending relationship. She talked to him about her family and how completely hot her with another man made her husband, her job and how they had come place an ad on the internet for a single male as well as all of the less than favorable meetings they had had with other single males. 

The evening was passing quickly, and before they realized it, they had been talking about nothing and everything for nearly four hours. With a bit of reluctance, they settled up the tab and Brian walked her to her truck. She made a bit of nervous small talk before he edged closer for a kiss. Her body tingled as he moved closer and kissed her lips, gently at first, then deeper, his tongue teasing at her lips until she parted them allowing him entrance. Brian's hands slowly began working down her shoulders and along her back. No hurry, they had nothing but time and to hell with anyone who stumbled upon them at the back of this dimly lit parking lot. His hands slowly worked their was down to her ass and he pulled her closer until she could feel the unmistakable bulge straining to free it's self from the jeans that were containing it. She ground against him and began to work her hands across his shoulders and down him back in a similar fashion, intent upon her final goal just below his waist. Their tongues continued their eager assault of each other, as one of his hands began unbuttoning my blouse. Without skipping a beat, each button popped open effortlessly and his thumb skimmed along my now exposed nipple causing a spark of electricity to surge through her as it hardened almost instantly. 

He came up for breath, looking at her through heavy lashes, "I think this is going to work out just fine Mitchel," he said before dipping his head down to trace the muscles in her neck with his tongue, all the time continuing to tease first one nipple then the other through the thin lace bra that was their captor. She swayed just a bit and without interruption in his total undoing of her, he turned her until she was backed against her truck and the weight of his body held her firmly in place. She had long since given up on her quest and settle back determined once she had enjoyed herself, she would see to it he received a proper thank you. His hand fell to her bare thigh and slowly worked it's was up under the short black skirt until he came to her perfectly shaved pussy. If he was in the least bit shocked she was not wearing panties he gave no sign as he continued his excruciatingly slow exploration of her body. He found his quarry and began rubbing her clit, a prolonged promise of things to come as a moan escaped from her lips and her hips bucked with eager anticipation. Damn unruly body parts, she thought with a laugh, so much for being the least bit hard to get! Her thoughts were suddenly silenced as his fingers found the wetness of her pussy slid deep inside me. A deeper moan escaped from her lips and she clutched his shoulders, suddenly very thankful for his weight against her, clearly the only thing keeping her standing. Her body trembled as he continued fucking her pussy with his fingers.

"Oh God, yeah," she panted, "that feels so good... this was defiantly one of my better ideas."

He laughed softly and captured her lips again with his before moving to her ear. 

"Tell me what you want," he whispered. It was barely audible, yet she responded instantly. 

"I want you to fuck me," and with that she pushed him away just enough to catch the button of his jeans in her hands and undo the zipper revealing his raging hard on. She took the head in her hands and began rubbing it against the lips of her wet pussy. He moaned and rolled his head back, as she rubbed juice from her pussy down the length of his shaft all the while continuing to rub it's swollen head against her clit. His breathing was jagged and she knew he could not likely take much more of her teasing, so with the next stroke against her clit, she ground forward burying him up to his balls in her pussy. His hands once again clutched her ass, pulling himself deeper inside her and held there for one dizzying moment before beginning in earnest with long deep strokes. 

"Fuck.... me....harder," she panted, as her orgasm began to build inside her.

He seemed more than happy to oblige, pounding hard against her, his eyes watching her as she went tumbling over the edge, her body exploding against his, her every muscle clutching at him, aching, needy, until he buried himself deeply into her and orgasmed, crying out as wave upon wave coursed through his body. 

The world spun around and around as he eased his weight off her just a bit, so they could take in great gasps of the crisp evening air. Slowly, the spinning stopped and he stepped back to straighten his jeans when headlights from a car just entering the parking lot shone across both of them. She laughed first, then he joined in till they both were out of breath again. 

"Well, Mitchel," he began, "that was one really great quickie! I am defiantly going to be making trips here more often!"

"I would really like that Brian, I would really like that!"