 Pt. 3: Moonlight

This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance between the characters and real individuals is coincidence. All characters are over age eighteen. 

Ms. A enjoys the moonlight with her young neighbor.

***

A few nights later, Ms. A. texted me late in the evening:

It's a beautiful night with the moon out, and so hot. Want to hang out?

Of course, I agreed. My parents were already in bed and their room was on the opposite side of the house. I could easily get outside without them knowing. 

I walked right up to her, slid one hand into her hair and with the other tilted her chin up and kissed her deeply. "Mmmmm, that was very sweet. It seems you've become quite the gentleman." She pulled back from me, holding my hands. "Quite the lover too."

"All your fault."

"Me? No, all I did was work with the clay presented to me. It was in you all along." 

There were no lights on, but with the moon so bright, I could see blankets, pillows, and other stuff set out on the patio table. "Are we going to have a picnic?"

"Mmmm, now that you mention it, that's a good word for what I had in mind."

I wasn't sure I understood what she meant, but I liked it. I helped her lay out the blankets in a spot where the moon would provide light and still block the view from any neighbors that might be snooping. 

As soon as we were on the blanket, she came to me and we kissed and hugged for several minutes. I wanted to undress her, to make love to her, but I didn't want to rush things. I didn't have to. Ms. A. began to unbutton my shorts. As she did, she covered my mouth with her free hand and whispered, "Some neighbors may have their windows open, so we have to be quiet." By the time she finished saying that, she had wrapped her fingers around my stiff cock. 

I moaned anyway. 

"Shhhhh, shhhh," she whispered, as she stroked my dick. Several seconds later, she took my hand and brought it up to her top. In a second, we were both on our knees undressing each other. Having seen her body in daylight, I knew how beautiful she was, but in the light of the moon, she looked incredible. By the time we were both completely naked, I wanted to slip my cock into her slit and make her cum. But I knew I'd have to be patient. 

She whispered again, "Something new tonight." Ms. A. pushed my shoulder and I knew she wanted me to lie down. Before I got onto my back, she had knelt beside me and placed one hand over my mouth and began licking my cock. I moaned through her hand. I couldn't help it; it felt so new and fantastic. She came up and kissed me on the mouth. "Shhhhh, you must have discipline. Just breathe and enjoy it." 

Then Ms. A. bent down and began licking my cock again. Every lick was like a tease, making me yearn for more. I could picture myself inside her, remembering the intensity of our previous encounters. But I knew how much she liked to extend things to the point of making me crazy with desire. I was breathing hard now, and it was difficult not to moan or cry out.

That wasn't the only thing driving me crazy. While Ms. A. toyed with and licked and teased my dick, I watched her face and her body. She was on her knees with her lovely ass up in the air. I reached out and began to stroke her leg and tush with my fingernails. I heard her moan lowly, and listened to her breathe as she worked on my cock. Then I pulled the nearest leg closer to me, so I could reach her pussy. I so wanted to touch it, to feel its wetness, and to tease her clit. 

"Mmmmm," she moaned, quietly. She let me stroke her pussy while she licked my cock. We were both breathing hard, and though we tried to be quiet, some breaths came out as soft moans. Then she rose and turned and grabbed my cheeks and kissed me, hard. I put my hands on her soft butt and pulled, but she said, "Not like that. Let me show you."

Ms. A. scooted herself up my abdomen. As she did, I could feel the wetness on my chest. I didn't know what she was up to, but soon her soaking pussy was right in my face. She bent down and whispered, "Stick your tongue up and keep it there."

I did what she asked and stuck my tongue up, knowing her wet tunnel was coming for it. When I did, I felt her warm, sopping slit rub across my tongue. Again and again, Ms. A. passed her pussy lips over my tongue. With each pass, I heard her breathing and felt a quiver in her legs as she tried to keep her moans from escaping her lips. She would gyrate her pussy so that my tongue passed across her labia, then down the slit, each pass opening her lips up so that more of her juice dripped over my face. I tried to listen to her breathing. Each breath seemed just a bit more desperate. Each pass of her wet cunt on my tongue brought another shiver through her legs. 

Ms. A. began to speak in a breathless, desperate whisper, "Oh! Ooooooh! Oh, that is just...Oooooo, oooooh, ooooh, Oh!" She was holding my head still with her hands as she slid her canal over my tongue. Then she did began to do the same with her clit. The touching was so light and teasing. Yet her breathing increased in desperation. If we were in her house, she'd be moaning by now, but the necessity of keeping quiet made everything more intense. She was straining to keep herself from crying out. 

A moment later, she began going up and down on my tongue, sliding it in and out of her juicy cunt. The penetration wasn't deep of course, but you could never tell from Ms. A.'s frantic breathing. "Oh!, Oooh, Ooooooohooooooh, Mmmmmmmm, Hoooooo!" she whispered, as loud as a whisper could be. 

In another few seconds, she was gyrating out of control. It was all about teasing, tension, frustration. I could tell she wanted something to probe her deeply, but at the same time, hold back to not smother me. Up and down, over and over my tongue slid into her soaking slit, or slid around her exposed clitoris. Each movement brought more frantic breathing. She kept one hand on my forehead while she steadied herself with the other. Her grinding and gyrating and thrusting of her warm pussy onto my stiff, slick tongue was making her legs shake. A second later, she was pumping her pelvis onto my face and she gasped for breath. 

Suddenly, there was a violent tightening of her legs around my head as she forcefully shoved her sopping cunt over my tongue. "Oh!, Oh!, Ooooooooh, Mmmmmm, mmmmmm, mmmmm, ooooooh, Oh, Oh!" she cried, her voice quivering under her breath. She squeezed her legs and held herself steady with my tongue as deep into her body as it could possibly go. She kept breathing, harder than ever, desperate for air when another spasm tore through her body. Her legs tightened again and I felt a gush of juice flow down the side of my face. I heard her pounding the ground with her free hand as she gripped my head. 

Finally, her grip relaxed and she pulled away and scooted down to kiss me. Ms. A. french kissed me and sucked on my tongue. She kissed my face, seeming eager to taste her own juices mixed with mine. We rolled around and touched each other for several minutes. Ms. A. seemed desperate to be held, to be kissed, and I loved giving her that. 

Before long she began kissing my neck, then slid her beautiful body down farther so she could kiss my chest. I loved feeling her breasts against my stomach. Lower and lower she went, nibbling on my nipples, kissing my ribs. When her breasts began bouncing onto my cock, she grabbed them and let my erect penis slide between them. I moaned, "Oh, ooooooh, mmmmm," then remembered I had to be quiet. Being tit fucked made me want to be inside her, to feel her wet slit grab onto my cock and pump its cream out.

Lower and lower she went. Ms. A. began kissing and nibbling on my hip bones as her hair hung over my dick. As she passed from one hip to the other, I felt her tongue and mouth touch the tip of my cock. That just about drove me wild, and I began to feel a clenching sensation in my cock, like it wanted to leap into action.

After nibbling and licking my lips, Ms. A. looked at me with big smile on her face. She grabbed the tip of my cock and began to lick up and down my stiff shaft. "Oooooh," I moaned. 

"Shhhhh, no noise," she whispered. 

All I could do was open my mouth wider and breathe harder as she ran her tongue up and down my shaft. I watched Ms. A's face as she teased my cock. The wetness from her mouth and tongue made my penis glisten in the moonlight. Up and down she licked, over and over. My breathing was intense and almost sounded like crying. I loved what Ms. A. was doing to me, but I wanted so much more. I wanted so badly to insert my stiff member into her tight canal. 

What didn't occur to me, why I don't know, was the thought of Ms. A. sucking me. I thought she had something else in mind. She rose up and looked at me with those killer eyes and that big smile. Her breasts hung down and I could feel her nipples bounce on my cock. She threw her hair over one shoulder then plunged my cock right through her tight lips and into her mouth. 

The sensation of my cock inside her mouth was almost too much to bear. I began to moan, then held it tight to not make noise. The result was more of a low grunting, "Gnnnnn, mmmmmm, oooh, Mmmmm, mmmmm, gnnnnnn." 

Up and down she went on my cock. Then she came up, got some air, and went back in. This time, Ms. A. sucked on just the upper inch or two, giving me an entirely different sensation. I nearly moaned out loud again, "Gnnnn, ooph, nnnnn, mmm, Mmmmm, Mmmmm!"  

Ms. A. then began stroking the base of my cock with one hand while she sucked on the upper part. I gasped for air, then groaned as quietly as I couldn't, then gasped again as I tried to grip the blanket. I knew what Ms. A. was doing. She was listening to me and by now she knew what would make me gush cum from my swollen cock. When I realized that, it was all I could take. "Gnnnnnn, oooph, Mmmmm, Mmm!, Mmmm! Ooooh, nnnnnn, Nnnnnn, Nnnnnn!, Nnnn!, Ooooooooh!" I cried as my cream flooded her mouth. She pulled my cock out and gasped for air, then pursed her lips over the tip of my cock as I pounded the ground with my fist and splattered her lips again. I wanted to scream with pleasure but knew I couldn't. And that made everything more intense. 

Ms. A. squeezed my cum soaked dick to get every drop of cum out of it. As she did, she licked down the shaft and looked at me, smiling, knowing that she had found my weakness, as usual, and taught me another lesson. 

Ms. A. and I cuddled in each others arms for warmth as the night air finally cooled. Owls began calling to each other from the trees. I didn't want the night to end, but I had school the next day. I looked over at her and asked, "What are you thinking about?"

"Your next lesson."

"Oh, I already like the sound of that."

"It will be a surprise. I hope you like it."

"I'm sure I will."

"This one will be more emotional, more cerebral, and more responsibility. You're not a kid anymore."

I was about to attempt to banter with her, but she was serious now, and I knew her better. "Alright," I replied. "Whatever it is, I'll be ready."

Ms. A. turned and smiled at me. "I hope so." Then we just held each other.