 I knew what I wanted and I knew how to get it. Guy had started my flood of juices with a seductive night of love and sex and as a result, today I couldn't get him off my mind. I wanted to be fucked long and hard by his huge cock. I wanted to lick him and run my lips up and down his thick manhood. I wanted to taste his seed and writhe in satisfaction from his deep thrusts. I wanted him to cum in me, and on me, and for me. I wanted to be his lover, his slut, his whore. My body would be his to do as he pleased. The enticement was up to me.

I bathed slowly the perfumed bubble bath relaxing my body and senses. I couldn't help but touch myself recalling the overwhelming passion of the previous night. My fingers slid the length of my vagina and tweaked my aroused clit.

Closing my eyes I cupped my plentiful breast and lightly fingered my hardening nipple. Inserting the tip of my finger I easily coaxed a response from my vaginal walls. God I wanted him, but knew I had to wait.

My hair fell in curls and waves to my shoulders. My makeup was a bit overdone but I wanted no doubts cast as to my intent. 

I perfumed and powdered my body and couldn't get over how wet I was just thinking about Guy and his big dick.

The lace top, white stay-ups clung to my legs, a light sheen reflecting from them. The white patent leather platforms buckled around my ankles and pausing in front of the mirror, I approved of the woman staring back at me.

Her breasts were large and shapely and not yet subject to sagging. I wondered how I'd look with gigantic boobs but let that thought drift away. Her patch was neatly trimmed and appeared fluffy as I'd tried to tease her pubic hair with a perfumed brush. Turning I admired the woman in the mirror's firm butt and thought, "I think I'd like to fuck me if I was a guy."

I reached for the sheer, lace crotchless panties and carefully slid them over each high heeled shoe and into place. The lace waistband hugged my hips and I arranged the sexy slit to expose the pink lips of my pussy. 

Next I donned the white lace shelf bra from Frederick's. The under wires and padded material cupped my 36D tits perfectly and I hooked the three eyes behind my back.

Carefully arranging myself I made sure my nipples were exposed above the lacy barrier. My nipples were firm and erect and my pussy continued to ooze a stream of womanhood. The woman in the mirror looked totally fuckable and I smiled wickedly at her.

Guy would return soon and the games could begin.

"Come here honey. I've got something for you." I'd been patiently awaiting his arrival. Reclining on the couch my legs were crossed, breasts uplifted and firm, my rosy nipples hard and protruding.

Guy stopped dead in his tracks. "Wow, Nice bra! Trina you look...unbelievable. What's the occasion?"

"I've been reliving last night, all day long. I'm wet and horny and ready to do anything for you, with you. I want you to fuck me with your big cock and make me cum. Fuck me like the dirty slut I feel like." I uncrossed my legs as he eagerly approached the couch.

"Oh baby, are those crotchless panties?"

I smiled wickedly. "Uh huh."

"God Trina, you are SO fucking hot!" He was taking it all in, his eyes slowly panning the image before him. "Where should we start?"

"Come here and kiss me. Then you need to feel how wet I am, how easily you'll be able to slide in and out of me."

Kneeling before me his lips met mine in a long sensuous kiss, our tongues lashing one another. His right hand cupped my left breast and his tongue gently flicked my erect nipple.

Closing my eyes I shuddered from this first advance. Pulling his face back to mine we enjoyed another pussy drenching kiss. "Get your cock out. I want to lick you. I want to fuck you with my lips." 

Guy removed his pants and shirt while I re-arranged myself on the couch. My head lay on the arm rest. I fondled a breast with one hand and let the other roam to the slit in my panties. My fingers verified the moisture between my legs and while Guy watched I tasted my own secretions before taking the big head of his prick in my mouth. He hovered over me letting me mouth him, lick him, stroke his 9 inch cock lightly, my red nail polish and matching lipstick accentuating the escalating action.

He watched me fellate him, his white lace dream girl working his dick like a pro. "It's ok baby, slide your cock in and out of my mouth. But first you've got to feel my pussy. Feel how wet you make me."

Guy did as he was told. While sliding his wonderful erection in and out of my red painted mouth his hand slowly caressed my breasts and the lacy material surrounding them. His fingers ran lightly down my torso, over the lacy waistband and to the sheer white nylon below. Parting the slit in the panties his fingers found my sopping wet cunt. "My god Trina," he slid two fingers inside me, "You're right. I don't think you've ever been like this. I've got to fuck you right now!"

With my hand wrapped around his engorged dick I lightly flicked its head with my tongue. "You can cum in my mouth if you want honey, I think I'd like that."

"Maybe later. I've got to fuck your pussy. You're so wet!"

"Whatever you want baby, I'm all yours."

Kneeling on the couch he lifted my legs and hips to him. With one swift thrust his entire length disappeared in me. His size filled my moist pussy and immediately brought waves of pleasure to my sensory receptors. Closing my eyes I brought one, then the other breast to my mouth. I licked my erect nipples before watching as Guy's massive member slide in and out of my cunt. His size and constant stroke mesmerized me as he slid in and out, the rhythm driving me to the edge of delight. The vision of his cock disappearing into my lace panties was deliciously sexy and I soon succumbed to the day long anticipation. My body writhed with pleasure as I moaned and cooed my delight. An orgasmic wave washed through me and I bucked against his thrust.

"That's it baby, fuck me! You feel so good!"

Guy responded by slowing his rhythm and using the length of his tool to enhance his penetration. He varied the depth of his thrusts creating another orgasmic wave to wash through my abdomen.

His gigantic head parted my lips ever so gently and entered me a few inches at a time. I felt as if I were tumbling through an abyss of sexual satisfaction and wanted Guy to feel the same satiety. I could sense Guy's urgency as he began pounding my pud and knew he was almost there.

"Do it baby, cum for me. Fill me with your sweet, thick cum."

His body tensed and he ejaculated deep into my folds. Shuddering and shaking he re-opened his eyes and we shared an explosive look.

Guy kissed me then pulled himself free. I knew his thick cum would begin to drip from me, the sight of his creampie a stimulant for us both. I wasn't done.

"What'd you think of Round 1?"

"Oh Trina, You look so sexy, so feminine, so..."

"Fuckable?"

"You said it."

I reached for the crystal dildo I'd left on the end table. Its shape resembled Guy.

"I want you to watch. We're not done yet and I want to remind you, I'll' do anything for you, and you can do anything you want to me, as long as it feels good!" Coating two fingers with his oozing, thick semen I brought them to my mouth.

Enraptured, he witnessed me slide the dildo in and out of my well lubed slit.

Replacing my hand on the base of the toy he continued the rhythm. The phallus plunged in and out of my womanhood and I again lightly massaged my breasts through the lace half cups of my still clasped bra, my fingertips rolling my nipples back to attention. The entire outfit was still intact a tribute to its visual stimulation on my partner. 

Guy's tongue found my clit as he shoved the glass toy to its hilt and left it in place as he licked me.

"God I feel like such a whore!"

Guy's mouth slowly moved north his lips lightly brushing the skin of my torso before resting at one then the other of my stiff nipples. I lightly held his head as he lighted the passion flowing through my large breasts. 

"Oh Guy, don't stop. I could stay like this forever." I gently embraced him as we kissed, my costumed body pressing against his.

"I want you to turn over. I've got an idea."

Obeying his directive I pointed my ass up hoping this might be part of his plan.

Spreading my ass cheeks he lightly rimmed my anus, his tongue flicking around the opening.

"Where's the lube? I'm going to fuck you in the ass and make you my gorgeous fuck slut. If you're lucky, I might even cum in your mouth. You'd like that wouldn't you, my big cock going straight from your luscious ass to your mouth?"

"I don't care where you cum baby, as long as I please you."

It always took a few minutes for Guy to ease his large cock into my butt but once he was in he felt divine. Starting slowly his hips thrust his erection deep into my shapely ass. His hands held my lace circled hips as his dick pistoned in and out of my bottom. Duplicating this action with the glass dildo I stroked my vaginal tissues simultaneously. Two dicks in me at once caused my inner fever to rise as Guy's cock trashed my ass. His urgency increased as the tight ring of my anus squeezed his manhood and I pushed back against his welcome intrusion in my ass.

His grunts and pauses as he jammed deep inside me continued the sexual heat I felt. I was such a slut arranging for and participating in this lewd sex, but I didn't care. I felt sexy, wanted, even feminine with Guy's response to my seduction.

Face it, great sex is worth the price. In this case the price was an afternoon of anticipation and the opportunity to experience multiple orgasms both personally, and for my lover.

My body shook with another round of pleasure when Guy announced, "God I'm going to cum. Turn over Trina."

I did as told and parted my red lips.

Guy jerked his cock off like in the porn movies, his cum shooting directly into my mouth. I accepted his second load trying to gather it all on my tongue.

I closed my lips around his cock and let some of the semen drip out the sides of my mouth. He was watching me, his little fuck whore, finishing off the session I'd initiated.

He pulled from my mouth but I kept his dick in my hand.

I dribbled his cum onto his thick cock head then put it back in my mouth.

Catching me by surprise he pulled my face to his and French kissed me trading my mouthful of semen and saliva back and forth.

Our mouths finally parted.

With a naughty smile he said, "Trina, you are such a sensuous slut! I'd fuck you anywhere, anytime."

"Mmmm, promise?" My mind began to race in anticipation of sexual encounters to come...