 Hi; my name is Dean & I'm an English teacher in rural Australia. My wife Beth and I are in our thirties, and we've just had our second baby. We've been together a long time, almost twelve years and like most long term couples we have sex far less frequently than we did in out twenties. We look different too. I work out so I'm still in pretty good shape but I'm a little balder than I was when we first met and Beth's a little heavier - I guess you could say life has become a little boring. 

Just before Christmas we were invited to a small barbeque with a few other couples that Beth knew from mothers group. It was just a casual thing, the kind where men stood around the barbie & drank beer while the ladies sat in groups and talked. We all had young kids who splashed around the pool together.

I was kind of drunk & very relaxed so I wasn't really paying attention to what anyone was saying. In fact I was day dreaming whilst checking out one of the other wives - a hot little redhead named Shannon who was a little on the chubby side but had nice tits, a great round arse and a pretty face. She caught me looking and gave me a wicked smile. That's when we heard someone blurt out the words that started it all.

"Well... it's a little like anal; a pain in the beginning, but you get used to it."

It was Justine, a painfully thin woman with a loud nasal voice, who had made the comment. Nervous giggles bounced around the pergola.

"So what's the matter? Are all of you saying you've never tried it that way? Not even once? Not even a finger up the date? No Way. I say bullshit."

Well that opened up the party. We traded embarrassing sex stories and told a few dirty jokes. Someone suggested we put on dance music.

My wife wasn't a big dancer. Neither was Shannon's husband Brett. Shannon walked over and grabbed me pulling me into the middle of the unofficial dance floor. We impressed everyone with our robot, our shopping trolly and our water sprinkler. Soon, a slow dance began. Shannon threw her arms around my neck and pressed her body to mine. Close... very close. I could feel her tits against my chest and her pussy on my thigh. I looked over at Beth who was paying no attention.

"I like it that way, you know," she whispered into my ear.

"What way? What are you talking about?"

"In the arse. I love a hard cock up my bum bum."

Shannon's arse filled out a pair of jeans like an advertisement. The image of my cock sliding between her cheeks made me hard. She ground her pussy against me. I looked over at Beth to make sure she still wasn't watching. Shannon's husband Brett, however, had his eyes glued on us. Shannon seemed to read my mind.

"My husband doesn't mind. He likes to watch me."

"You mean when you dance with other men?"

"No. When I fuck other men." 

I was speechless. My cock was about to rip through my jeans. She shamelessly humped her pussy against it. My head was spinning. 

This was all wrong.

"Do you want to come by tomorrow? I'll let you fuck me in the bum hole."

Shannon shoved her tongue in my ear. I thought I was going to cum in my pants. My wife had never spoken to me like this. This woman was sex on legs! Fortunately the dance ended. Just before we broke apart she whispered the final set of instructions.

"See you at 8:00 tomorrow night. I'll be waiting."

My wife didn't know what hit her when we got home. As soon as she put the kids to bed I jumped her. My dick was desperate. I had her pressed against the wall with my hand between her legs when she giggled and pushed me away. She had to clean up the kitchen and pack the school lunches but promised to see me in bed later. I didn't have the patience and kept trying to maul her. That led to a big fight and eventually I ended up wanking in the shower - no pussy for me that night.

The next day at work I debated hard with my conscience about going to see Shannon. I had never been unfaithful to Beth and had strong feelings on the subject. My cock however had even stronger feelings and you can guess who was winning argument. Even so, my rational self convinced me that I could stop by to tell her why we couldn't do what she had suggested. 

Surely I would be able to stop things before they went too far.

I called Beth to say I had to stay late at school to finish some marking. All evening I couldn't take my eyes of the clock. I had a rocket in my pocket & butterflies in the pit of my stomach. I knocked on the door at eight sharp. My jaw dropped when she opened it. Shannon wore a sexy black night dress. Far hotter than the oversized t-shirt my wife wore to bed each night. It was made of beautiful silk with thin straps. It was cut very low in front and barely covered her visibly erect nipples & the scoop in the back was cut down to just above her bum crack. The way the thin material hugged her body made it obvious she wasn't wearing any undies. 

OH MY GOODNESS! No undies! I quickly forgot about what it was I was planning to tell her.

"Hello Dean, would you like a glass of wine? I hope you're ready for a good time? I know I am."

I smiled, nodded and followed her in to the dimly lit house. I kept looking around for her husband. I wasn't sure how I felt about having him watch us fuck. She must have picked up on my concern and let me know he was out with some friends until late. She also told me the kids were asleep and shouldn't disturb us.

The living room was bathed in an orange glow from the flickering candles. Soft music with a subtle beat flowed from the iPod. Shannon turned and put her hands on the back of my neck, pressing her lower body against mine and swaying to the music. Her smell was one of a woman seeking sex - fresh and clean with a subtle fragrance. Her green eyes exuded desire, passion and desperation as she stared into mine. I wished it had occurred to me to have a shower.

Shannon pulled my face to hers and flicked her tongue across my lips before pushing it into my mouth. My hands slid down her naked back. The kiss became more and more passionate. Her hands were all over my head and back. Her body gyrated against my growing hardness. My hands traveled down to her beautiful round bum and guided her movements. Our lips and tongues probed and swirled in a hot and wet dance of passion.

Suddenly she spun around so that her back was to me. She pressed her rounded arse against my hard dick and guided my hands to her shapely tits. She removed the straps from her from her arms as I pulled down the front of her dress. My fingers kneaded the soft flesh of her full tits and pressed against her swollen nipples.

Her butt cheeks clenched my hard dick as it wedged between them. My teeth bit into her neck. A soft purr escaped from her throat. Shannon pressed and hand between her legs through the thin material of her nighty. Her breathing was heavier. I was rolling her hard nipples between my thumbs and fingers.

"Oh... oh god, Dean... that feels really nice... oooohhhh... yes... mmmmppphhhh... mmmmppphhhhh... aaaaaaahhhhhhh..."

Her body stiffened. She shuddered. Was she cumming already? Wow It took beth at least half an hour of foreplay, and even then there were no garentees.

My dick was throbbing as her butt cheeks brushed over it. Even though I still had my undies & jeans on I would need to be careful that I didn't cum like an exploding champagne bottle. Shannon spun around and kissed me, her fingers worked at the buttons to my shirt, which I quickly pulled off. Her naked tits pressed against my bare hairy chest.

"Mmmmm a hairy chest, I didn't expect that. I must look like a real slut. Look at me, I have pussy juice running down my thigh."

Her fingers moved over my bulge trying to rip through my pants and squeezed.

"Oh my, what do we have here? You poor boy. We'll have to do something about that."

Shannon kissed my neck and slowly trailed her mouth down my chest. She sucked one of my nipples into her mouth and raked it with her teeth. She did the same with the other. I was going crazy. My cock was oozing with need. She kissed down my stomach until she was squatting in front of me. She kissed the bulge in my pants and raked her teeth over the sensitive tip.

She looked up at me smiling playfully with her green eyes twinkling and bright red hair shining with luster. Shannon slowly undid my belt. She unbuttoned my jeans and slid them down to my ankles. I stood there in just my Bonds undies, my jeans a pool at my ankles, knowing this was going to be fun.

Shannon smiled at me. 

"I knew you wouldn't be a boxers kind of guy, there's something old-school about you Dean. Now let's get rid of these bad boys" 

Just as I was wondering if her husband wore briefs or boxers, Shannon yanked my undies down & my hard dick sprang free, almost slapping her in the face. She swirled her tongue over the slimy tip before sucking it into her mouth. Her eyes never left mine.

"Hmmm I love circumcised men. My favourite. Fuck me Dean"

Shannon licked, kissed, sucked and teased the sensitive and swollen mushroom head of my dick shooting jolts of pleasure from each nerve ending up through my body. Finally she wrapped her hand around my shaft and sucked me into her mouth. I was ready to explode, but she knew just how to keep me right on the edge. From the look in her eyes she was enjoying every second of the torture she was administering.

Her saliva coated my dick and hairy balls as Shannon continued to fuck me with her mouth. My balls were heavy and throbbing with the need to release. I finally couldn't take it anymore. I grabbed her hair tightly and pulled so she couldn't get away. I pounded my cock rapidly in and out of her mouth. 

I was almost there. Spit and saliva drooled freely from her chin as her nose was nestled in my pubes. Her tongue swirled against the bulging veins of my dick each time it drove into the back of her throat. My head became light. My knees started to buckle. Every ounce of energy rushed to my groin. 

I felt my cock swell between her lips as cum surged through its length. I let out a deep roar. Hot cream exploded from the tip and surged against the roof of her mouth. Cum poured from my dick in a steady stream. A second equally powerful surge gushed into her mouth followed by a third. Her fingers pressed against my scrotum as several small squirts continued to pump from my dick.

I hadn't been with a woman other than my wife in over 13years and now I'd just fucked this woman in her lounge room. 

Shannon sat back and looked up at me with her mouth open. Cum drooled down her chin and dripped onto her tits. She took my exhausted dick back into her mouth and down her throat, massaging it with her tongue and throat muscles. She continued to lick and suck my meat like a dirty bitch Then she tickled my hairy one at a time before finally standing.

Shannon pressed against me and pushed her tongue into my ear. Then she kissed me on the lips and pushed her tongue into my mouth. I had never kissed a girl after filling her mouth with cum and always thought it would be disgusting, but with Shannon it seemed almost natural. She went back to kissing my ear.

"Shall we move to the bedroom Dean?" she asked.

This was going to be the night of my life...