 At 5.50 p.m. on a hot May evening I was sitting on the lower berth of a coupe compartment in the first class air conditioned coach of a train scheduled to depart for Madras in ten minutes time. I was on my way to attend a business meeting.

My name is Saheb Sahebji. This is not my given name but everyone including my parents calls me by it. Anyway, what is in a name? I am 6 feet tall and slim. I am a freelance commercial artist by profession. 

I was wearing a kurta and pajama (North Indian attire for men, suitable for day and night wear) so that I would be comfortable and didn't have to change on the train.

The incident I am about to narrate took place some years ago. The upper berth was still empty. I was wondering who would be my travel companion when the coach attendant arrived with a lady. 

"Madam, this is the only berth, which is not occupied. If you want I can allot it to you. This gentleman is also traveling to Madras like you," he said, pointing to the upper berth.

The lady looked around the compartment and seeing me she hesitated but said, "Oh, I must get there by this train. Okay, I will take it." The lady stared at me for a minute then went out with the coach attendant. 

Soon she was back carrying her vanity case and accompanied by a coolie (porter), who stowed away her luggage. The train started to move as she settled down. I was sitting next to the window and she made herself comfortable on the other end of the berth. She took out a Sidney Sheldon and started to read. 

She was about 24 years old, beautiful, tall, slim, very fair with long hair tastefully done up in a bun behind her head. She wore a sky blue chiffon sari with matching blouse, matching bindi (round mark on the forehead of Indian ladies) and matching sandals. Her sari was wrapped tightly round her body showing all her curves to their best advantage. The pallu (the upper end of the sari) was pulled tightly across her firm boobs. Her boobs were not very large but the right size for her physique. 

It was evident from the sindoor (vermillion colored powder) in her hair parting that she was married. She had a double pearl string around her neck, which enhanced the beauty of her swan like neck, pearl tops and a diamond ring on her fingers. She looked educated and seemed to belong to upper middle class and moving in good society. To me she seemed like Miss World and Miss Universe both rolled in one. 

Seeing her beautiful face I wondered how beautiful her choot would be and I got a hard on. I introduced myself and we started to talk. Our conversation was in English. She was easy to talk to and was quite at ease during the whole time. 

During our conversation she told me that her name was Kiran. She was married for four years and had no children. Her husband had gone abroad for two months training and she had spent this time visiting with her parents. Her husband was coming back tomorrow night and she was returning to her husband's home to be with him. Actually she wanted to travel on yesterday's train, so that she could receive him, but could not get a berth. This apparently was the reason she had agreed to share a coupe with an unknown male passenger. 

While we were talking the coach attendant came to make the beds. We went out in the corridor. She stood near me. I could smell the lovely perfume she had used. 

"She has not had a cock for the last two months, as her husband is away and must be feeling very horny," I thought. This did not do my hard on any good. 

After the attendant had finished making the beds he took our order for dinner and said, "I will serve it around 9 p.m. in the compartment. Is it all right?" 

We said okay and he left. 

We returned to our seats. I sat down as before near the window but Kiran instead of sitting at the far end of the berth sat down near the middle and we continued our conversation. 

During our conversation I kept getting hard on from time to time. On couple of occasions I had to adjust my position to hide my hard on from her view.

At about seven I opened my 'travel bar'. "Would you care for a drink? I am sorry I can offer only a limited choice of scotch and cognac," I asked politely.

For a moment she hesitated then said, "Thank you very much. I would love to join you. Scotch with soda for me, please." I poured out the drinks and we settled back to enjoy them. 

While I had finished half a glass, Kiran had emptied her glass. When I started to refresh her drink she took the bottle from my hand and poured herself a stiff drink, which she started to gulp. 

I was in no mood to be stuck with an intoxicated woman all night. I advised her to drink slowly. She said, "Don't worry, I will not embarrass you. I am quite used to drinking at parties."

When the attendant brought dinner she had had four drinks to mine two. She was definitely used to drinking because the scotch had no visible effect on her. We ate our dinner. After dinner we sipped some cognac. When the attendant came to collect the dishes he asked, "When should I serve the morning tea?" 

"Would tea at 7 a.m. be all right or would you prefer it earlier?" I asked Kiran. 

"7 O'clock is fine with me," she replied. 

"At seven," I told the attendant.

At 10 p.m. she said, "I think I'll go to bed now." 

"I will go out to smoke a cigarette and in the meanwhile, if you like, you can change into your nightclothes," I said going into the corridor. 

After 15 minutes, I returned to the compartment. The compartment was in darkness. I slid open the door without making any noise. All the lights in the compartment were switched off except the nightlight. I thought that Kiran had gone to sleep. I opened the door softy and entered. In the glow of the nightlight I saw, to my surprise, that Kiran was lying on the lower berth. She lay flat on her back with legs slightly apart and her arm across her face. 

Dear reader you can imagine what was the effect on my cock seeing her in this posture. You are right I got a hard on again. I called out her name softly but she did not reply. I touched her on the arm and said, "Kiran, tumhara berth uper wala hai tum wahan leto (Kiran, the upper berth is yours, you lie there)." 

"Uuunnnn," she said shaking her head. The whisky has taken effect, I thought. 

"Kiran, tumhara berth uper wala hai tum wahan leto (Kiran, the upper berth is yours, you lie there)," I repeated. 

Without removing her arm she said, "Uunn, tum uper let jao (Uunn, you lie on the top)."

This remark of hers gave me the opening I was looking for all evening but still to make sure, I asked, "You won't mind?" 

"No," she said shaking her head.

I quickly lay down on top of her and pushing my standing cock between her parted legs, started to make fuck motions. 

"WHA...," she said surprised. 

I immediately sealed her lips with mine. At first she tried to protest but few seconds later kissed me back. Her legs opened a little more making it easier for my lund (cock) to reach her choot (cunt). 

When our kiss broke, she said softly, "Aap yeh kya kar rahe hain? (What are you doing?)" 

"Jo tumne kaha tha wahi kar raha hoon. Uper let gaya hoon (I am doing what you said. I am lying on top)," I said. 

"Mera yeh matlab nahin tha (This not what I meant)," she giggled.

Now confident of fucking her I started squeezing her tits and kissed her again and again. She kissed me back with the same fervor that I kissed her. Soft moans of pleasure escaped her. 

I whispered, "Kiran, aise chudai main mazaa nahin aayega. Hum apne kapre uttar lain (Kiran, we will not enjoy fucking this way. Let us take off our clothes)." 

'Nahin, aisse hee chodo (No, fuck like this)," she said. 

"Kiran, please take off your clothes," I said again. 

"Achcha, lakin batti band kar do mujhe sharam aati hai (Okay, but switch off the light, I feel embarrassed)," she replied. 

I switched off the nightlight. I quickly undressed and watched her undress in the little light, which filtered through the door curtain and the window. When I saw that she had pulled off her panties, I suddenly switched on the main light of the compartment. With a small squeal she jumped into my arms, screaming, "EEEKK, batti kyon jaladi? (EEEKK, why did you switch on the light?)"

"Tera khoobsoorat badan dekhne ko (To admire your beautiful body)," I said holding her at arms length. 

As expected her body was very pretty and without any blemish of any sort. Her shapely tits were firm and without any sag. Her nipples were hard with excitement and pointing at me. Her choot, with her swollen clit peeping out from in between her lower lips, had a freshly shaven look.

'Sahebji, please switch off the light," she pleaded. 

Kissing her and running my fingers caressing her choot, I slowly led her to the berth and laid her down. In order not attract undue attention I switched off the main compartment light leaving the reading light on and I lay down next to her. 

She was staring at my erect cock. "What is the matter? Haven't you seen an erect cock before?' I asked placing her hand on my standing cock. 

"Aapka lund tau bahut barda hai. Mere mard ka laurda iss se chota hai (Your cock is very large. My husband's cock is smaller)," she said. 

"They come in all sizes," I laughed taking her erect clitoris between my thumb and forefinger and pressed it.

"Ooooo," she exclaimed bucking her bottoms against my hand. 

I continued to press her clit and slowly moved my fingers into her wet choot and started to finger fuck her. When I drew my finger outwards she raised her choot to keep the finger from withdrawing. 

She continued to moan with pleasure while I finger fucked her. After a while she took hold of my cock and tried to pull me on top of her. I mounted her but did not attempt to enter her choot. Instead, I rubbed my lund up and down in her wet slit, from her clit to her fuck hole and back. 

She kept muttering, "Oh Sahebji, oh Sahebji," with her eyes closed and her hips moving up and down in fuck motion.

"Sahebji, mujhe iss tereh kyon sata rahe ho. Please apna lund meri choot main dal kar mujhe chodo (Sahebji, why are you teasing me like this. Please put your cock in my cunt and fuck me)," she begged. I placed my cock on the door of her dripping choot and pushed slowly. 

"Oh, oh zara dhire dhire, lag raha hai (Oh, oh little slowly, it is hurting)," she said. 

Amid lot of UFF's and OHH's I entered her. Soon I was fully in her. I found her choot to be quite tight for a woman who had been married for four years and was used to regular fucking. Apparently her statement that the cock of her husband was smaller than mine was correct. 

I slowly moved in and out. After a few strokes she let out a loud sigh and released her cunt juices wetting my prodder. I maintained my slow rhythm and soon her hips were moving in rhythm of my strokes. 

'FASTER SAHEBJI FASTER,' she shouted. 

"Shh, someone might hear you," I said. 

'Let them,' she panted.

Her breath was coming in gasps. Suddenly she threw her head back and her body arched pressing her choot against my crotch. It was not long before she came again with a long sigh. Without missing a stroke I continued till I felt my seed rising and my strokes became faster and harder. 

"Darling, I am about to come," I gasped. 

"HAAN, MAIN BHI PHIR CHUTENE WALI HOON. OH AISSE HEE CHODO, HAAN AUR JOR SE, THORDA AUR. RUKANA NAHIN. JOR SE HAAN, HAAN OH OHHHHHHHHHHH (YES, I AM ALSO ABOUT TO CUM AGAIN. FUCK ME LIKE THIS, Y...HES HARDER, Y...HES STILL HARDER. DON'T STOP OH OHHHHHHHHHHH)," she yelled and fell back gasping for breath. 

Just then I also spurted my cum into her fuck hole. When my lund (cock) lost its stiffness I withdrew and lay down next to her. 

"Did you enjoy it?" I asked panting. 

"Oh, it was heavenly. I have never cum like this before," she said, "I hope my bald choot pleased you." 

"Oh yes, I love bald choots," I said, caressing her shaven choot, "and it was tight like the choot of a freshly deflowered hairless choot of a young girl." 

"Aren't you scared to deflower a virgin? This cock yours could kill her," she said taking my limp cock in her hands.

"I have deflowered many virgins, young and old, and none of them have died. On the contrary all enjoyed themselves thoroughly," I laughed, "enough about me, I hope I didn't impose myself on you?" 

"Not at all, I wanted you to fuck me," she said blushing.

"Really, tell me about it," I said. 

"You already know that I was without a cock for two months. I was looking forward to my husband fucking me. I had also shaved my choot this morning, as my husband does not like hair on it. Thinking about my husband made me very horny," she said moving the foreskin of cock up and down.

"While talking to you I saw you becoming hard every now and then. Seeing this my choot started to drip. I therefore decided not to wait for my husband to fuck me but to get fucked by you tonight. The trouble was I did not know how to go about it. I thought you would make a pass at me but you did not. When you offered me a drink, I accepted hoping to drown my inhibitions in alcohol and be able to give some suggestive hints. But this also did not help, as I could not overcome my maidenly shyness." 

"Soon it was bed time and I was very disappointed. That is why I was lying the way I was when you came back. Then you asked me to shift to my berth without thinking and out of frustration I made that remark. I actually meant for you to take the upper berth but thank God you misunderstood me and lay down on top of me. Rest you know. I was very happy that you had taken the initiative." 

"I knew that you wanted me to sleep on the upper berth but as I had wanted to fuck you from the moment I had laid my eyes upon you, I decided to take the risk and lie on top of you," I said laughing. 

"What would you done if I had screamed?" she giggled. 

"I would have said that I misunderstood you," I laughed. 

"You are a sly man," she laughed.

The conversation and Kiran's handling of my lund had made it stiff again. I mounted her again and we enjoyed a long slow satisfying fuck. Then we lay back to rest and fell asleep. 

When I got up the train was standing at a station. I looked at my watch. I had not slept more than 20 minutes. When the train started moving again I slowly removed her arm, which was round my chest and pushed her flat on her back. Kiran was fast asleep. 

I crouched between her legs and separating her cunt lips started to lick along the length of her slit. She got up with a start and not knowing what was happening gave a small scream. 

"Darling, not so loud," I cautioned her again. 

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" she said loudly. 

"Let me do what I like. Just lie back and enjoy yourself," I said and continued to eat her choot. 

"Oh Sahebji, it feels sooooo good," she moaned, raising her hips and pressed her cunt against my lips. 

The train and my tongue gathered speed. I licked and sucked her swollen clit. Suddenly I took her hard clit between my teeth and bit lightly on it. 

"OWW, IT HURTS BUT IT FEELS SOOOO GOOD. DON'T STOP. GO ON Y...HES GO ON. I AM NEARLY THERE. OH OHHH I AAAAMMMMM COOOMMMMIIIINNNGGGGG," she screamed and released a stream of warm cunt juice in my mouth.

"Darling, raise your legs and hold them there," I said, continuing to eat her pussy

She raised her legs and held them aloft exposing her gaping choot hole. I rimmed her cunt. 'OH MY GOD, IT FEELS WONDERFUL,' she screamed. Then I shoved my tongue in her lower mouth. 

"AGHRR," she yelped and with a loud sigh came again. 

As I licked her offering, she yelled, "MUJHSE AB SAHA NAHIN JATA. SAHEBJI, DER MAT KARO. APNA LAURDA MERI CHOOT MAIN GHUSSERD DO (I CAN'T STAND IT ANY MORE. SAHEBJI, DON'T DELAY. SHOVE YOUR COCK INTO MY CUNT)." 

Ignoring her pleas I started to tongue fuck her. After few minutes she was on the boil again. She pressed her choot to my mouth and placed her hands on the back of my head guiding me to her sensuous spots. She was coming non-stop like a waterfall.

'SAHEBJI, FASTER Y...HESSS TONGUE FUCK ME FASTER. OH OHHH I AMMM COOMMMMMMIIIIIIINNNNNGGGGGGG,' she screamed. 

I continued to tongue fuck her but she caught me by my hair and tried to pull me on top of her. "Sahebji, ab mujhe chodo (Sahebji, fuck me now)," she said gasping for breath. 

I got on top of her. "Your wish is my command," I chuckled and placing my cock at the entrance of her choot pushed in the whole of it in one hard stroke. 

"OWWW," she cried.

I started to move my cock in and out of her dripping choot. I fucked her with long slow strokes. I kept varying the length and speed constantly and her moans of pleasure got louder and louder. Her bottoms moved in rhythm of my strokes. Suddenly she threw back her head and her back arched upwards. 

"H...HAAN AUR ZOR SE CHODO. HAAN AUR TEZ. OH OHH MERA NIKALNE WALA HAI (Y...HESS FUCK ME HARDER. Y...HES FASTER. OH OHH I AM ABOUT TO CUM)," she moaned loudly. 

I continued to fuck her with steady strokes. 

"Y...HESS Y...HESSS, SAHEBJI, I AMMM COMMMMIIIINNNNG," she screamed and lay panting. I slowed down to give her time to catch her breath. 

"OH SAHEBJI, DON'T STOP. KEEP MOVING. MAKE ME CUM AGAIN," she panted bucking her bottoms from below. 

I recommenced the fuck motion. After a few strokes her bottoms started to move, keeping rhythm with my in and out strokes. I felt my sperm rising and my strokes became shorter and harder. 

"SAHEBJI, CONTINUE LIKE THIS. YOU WILL MAKE ME CUM AGAIN," she panted. 

"I am not too far away also," I panted. 

"FASTER, SAHEBJI, FASTER AND HARDER. I AM NEARLY THERE. Y...HESSS, Y...HESSS I AMM THERE OHHH SAAAHEEEEBJIIIII," she shouted and fell back on the bed gasping for breath. At this moment I also shot my load into her cum thirsty cunt. Our lips drew together. We lay kissing and savoring the sensations we had just experienced. 

"Sahebji, I am surprised that you licked my cunt," she panted. 

"Why? Has your husband not licked your cunny," I asked. 

"No never. What is it called?' she said. 

"It is called cunnilingus or crudely eating the pussy," I said, 'I am surprised your husband has never eaten such a pretty pussy." 

"No, this was my first time," she replied, "My husband squeezes my boobs, sucks their nipples and fucks me. That's all." 

"Did you enjoy yourself?" I asked. 

"Oh it was fantastic," she said, "I have leaned something new tonight."

"Jaan, abhi tau kayi aur cheezain seekhni hain tumne (Darling, you have to learn many more new things)," I replied. 

She looked at me with questioning eyes. 

"Jaan, abhi tau tumne mere laurde ko apne muh main lekar choosna hai (Darling, you have to take my cock in your mouth and suck it)," I said.

"No, I am not going to do it. It is wet and slimy," she said.

"It is your choot that has made it wet and slimy. First lick it clean then suck it," I said, "Come on do it." 

"Please don't make me," she pleaded. 

"If I can lick your cunt then you can suck my cock also," I said pressing her head on my semi hard cock. 

She opened her mouth and started to suck. After a couple of minutes my cock became hard as a rock. At first her teeth hurt me but I instructed her and soon she got the hang of it and sucked my cock like an experienced cocksucker. 

"Kiran, go on. You are doing fine," I moaned as her head bobbed up and down. 

I caught her head and started to fuck her mouth. "Darling, go on. Don't stop. I am about to cum," I moaned. 

She tried to free her head from my grip but I held her head tightly. "Oh I am coming," I moaned and spurted jet after jet of cum into her mouth. 

She didn't swallow but collected all my cum in her mouth. "Swallow it," I said. 

She shook her head. I pinched her nose and held it. She had to decide whether to swallow or choke. She swallowed naturally. 
