 I went to his hotel and knocked on the door, praying that he was there. He opened the door and smiled at me. 

"Come in." He said.

As soon as he closed the door behind me, I was all over him. I grabbed the front of his shirt and pulled him against me, backing into the wall. We kissed passionately, undressing each other at the same time. 

I took his hand and led him across the room. There was a big armchair in the corner and I climbed up on it, sitting on the back. I put my feet on the arms of the chair and smiled at him. He returned the smile, knowing just what I wanted. He got on his knees in the chair and pressed his face into my pussy. His tongue went to work right away. I ran my fingers through his hair and enjoyed the pleasure he knew how to give so well. I leaned back against the wall and nearly knocked the chair over. We laughed and he said, "uh, let's move this party to the bed."

I laid down on my back on the cool sheets. He pushed my legs up and went right back to work on my pussy. His tongue was so hot and eager. Jesus, where did he learn to do this?! He licked me like a hungry cat lapping up a bowl of milk. He plunged his tongue inside me, sucking my clit. When the orgasm hit me, I could feel the juices flowing out of me. He lapped them up greedily. He lay on top of me and the weight of his body pressing down on mine drove me wild. I grabbed the back of his head, pulling his mouth to mine, and kissed him hard. The taste of my pussy on his lips made me hotter still.

"Fuck me. . ." I moaned.

He pushed his hard cock into me. He put my legs over his shoulders and fucked me hard and deep. I could feel another orgasm building inside me. 

"Fuck me, baby! Fuck me hard!" I moaned over and over. 

"Cum for me, girl. Let me feel that tight pussy squeeze my cock. Cum for me now." He said, still thrusting his cock deep inside me.

My orgasm hit hard. I threw my head back and closed my eyes, letting it wash over me. He kept stroking and moaned, "God damn, girl, that feels so fuckin' good!" 

When my orgasm subsided, he stopped. I opened my eyes and smiled at him. He looked into my eyes, a strange expression on his face. I wondered why he'd stopped. I knew he hadn't cum yet.

"What's wrong?" I asked. "Why did you stop?"

"God, when you cum. . ." He said. "your pussy squeezes me and it just feels so. . ." he trailed off, at a loss for words.

We looked into each other's eyes for a long time. I could still feel his hard cock pulsing inside me. There was something that I had wanted to give him for a long time now and suddenly I knew that this was the right time.

" I want you to cum inside me." I whispered.

He started to slowly stroke my pussy again. 

"No." I whispered.

He stopped, confused.

" I want you to cum in my ass." I said.

He raised his eyebrows, obviously surprised. "Are you sure?" he asked.

"Yes," I replied. "I'm sure." 

"Okay, hold on. . ." he said, looking around the room and starting to get up. 

I wrapped my legs around his waist and held him tightly inside me. I put my hands on his face, turning it toward me. "The only lubricant we need is your tongue, baby." I said, smiling.

Again, he looked pleasantly surprised.

"I want you to lick my asshole and then I want you to fuck it." I said softly.

He rolled me over onto my stomach and rubbed my back. I pulled my knees up and spread my ass open to him. He ducked his head down and licked my pussy, then ran his tongue up and over my asshole. I shivered and felt goosebumps raise up on my arms and legs. He traced circles around it with his tongue. He reached under me and started to rub my pussy slowly. He plunged his tongue into my ass and his finger into my pussy at the same time. I gasped at the overwhelming sensations this created. He fucked my ass with his tongue and my pussy with his finger for a long time. When I was very close to cumming, he gradually slowed, then stopped, his movements. 

I felt the head of his rock hard cock pressing against my asshole. I began to tremble – a strangely erotic combination of fear and desire overwhelming me.

"Just relax, baby." He whispered.

He pushed the head in and I winced and tensed up. He asked again if I was sure. 

"Yes." I said softly. And I took a deep breath and forced myself to relax.

He pushed his cock into my ass so slowly. I wanted to cry out for him to shove it up my ass and fuck me hard, but I knew I couldn't handle that. 

When he was completely inside me, he was still for a while, trying to give me time to adjust to the feeling. He reached under me again and slid a finger into my pussy. I groaned. He slid it in and out of me several times, very slowly. Then he pulled it out and put it to my lips. I sucked his finger into my mouth, taking in all of my sweet juice. 

"Yeah, I know how much you like that. It really turns you on, doesn't it? That sweet pussy tastes good, doesn't it?" he said.

"Yes." I whispered.

Then he took a hold of my hips and started to fuck my ass, slow and easy. It hurt, but I couldn't tell him to stop; I didn't want him to stop. My mind was blank now. I couldn't think anything. I could only feel. I was experiencing sensations that I had never felt before. I moaned and whimpered and pushed back against him, trying to get every inch of him in my ass. Gradually, he began to push his cock in harder, faster. 

"Yeah, baby, give me that sweet tight ass." He groaned. 

I wanted to say, 'Take it baby. Fuck that ass!' But no words would come.

With a final deep thrust, I felt his hot cum shooting up my ass. That sent me over the edge. My whole body shuddered as I experienced one of the most intense orgasms imaginable.

We curled up under the covers and he held me until I fell asleep. 

When I woke up a few hours later, he was in the shower. I got up and went to the bathroom. The shower curtain was clear and I stood there for a few minutes, just watching him. 

"Can I join you?" I asked.

He turned around and smiled at me. "Yeah, come on in." He said, pulling the curtain back.

I stepped in. When he finished washing up, he stepped out of the shower and dried off while I washed up. He wrapped a towel around his waist and started to leave the bathroom, but I asked him to wash my back. Smiling, he dropped the towel and stepped back into the shower. He took the washcloth and scrubbed my back in small, firm circles. I tilted my head to the side, stretching my neck.

"Mmmmm, that feels good. . ." I said.

I felt his lips on neck. He opened his mouth and bit down lightly, sucking gently. He turned me around and drew me close to him, looking in to my eyes. (God, how I melt when I look in his eyes!) He pressed his lips to mine softly. He parted my lips with his tongue and kissed me long, slow, passionate. My breathing was shallow and my knees felt so weak. (How does he do that to me?) He turned off the shower and stepped out. I couldn't move. I was afraid my legs would just give out. He held out his hand and helped me out. We dried off slowly. 

I was in a daze. I was suddenly so afraid of the intense desire that I felt for him. It was overwhelming, consuming. Every time I looked at him, I just wanted to give him all of me – everything that I have, everything that I am. I wanted to do anything that he wanted me to do. I felt compelled to surrender to him completely.

He led me back to the bed and we lay down together. 

"What's wrong?" he asked, studying my face.

"I don't know." I said. "I just feel. . .I want. . ." My voice trailed off. How could I tell him what I was feeling? He would think I was crazy, that I was getting too serious. I didn't want to scare him off. This was too intense. 

"What do you feel? What do you want?" he asked quietly, as he positioned himself between my thighs. 

I squeezed my eyes shut and tried to hold back the tears that were fighting so hard to come out; tears of fear, frustration. I opened my eyes and looked at him. He was watching me, patiently waiting for my answer.

"I really don't know, exactly." I replied, trying to sound nonchalant. "It's just that every time I look at you. . .well, I just want you so much; I guess it just scares me a little." The truth was, it scared me a lot, but I couldn't fight the feeling and I really didn't want to.

He smiled at me and gently pushed his cock inside me. It felt exquisite. I closed my eyes and clung to him.

"Oh God. . ." I moaned. 

"Don't be afraid of it. Just go with the feeling." He whispered in my ear, as he slowly slid in and out of me. "Give it all to me. You want to give it to me, don't you?"

"Yes. . ." I said. 

The fear was slowly fading away. It was replaced with sheer passion, desire. I spread my legs farther apart. My hips rose to meet his and I squeezed his cock as hard as I could on every down stroke. He put his hands under my ass and squeezed it gently. 

"Mmmm, that's right, baby. Squeeze me with that hot, wet pussy." He whispered in my ear.

I moaned softly and squeezed him even harder on the next stroke.

"Whose pussy is this, girl?" he asked quietly, still sliding in and out slowly.

I was breathing hard and I could barely speak. "It's yours." I moaned, finding my voice at last.

"That's right. It's mine. It belongs to me." He said. "Now tell me what you were really thinking. What do you want? What do you need?"

The slow, tender stroking of his hard cock, the way it rubbed against my clit on the upstroke, the weight of his body pressing down on mine, his hands on me, his hot breath on my neck, his voice whispering in my ear… it was like I couldn't hold anything back now. I couldn't even pretend to be strong.

"I want you so much. . ." I whispered.

"What else?" he said.

"I need you. . ." I whispered.

He put my arms over my head and held them down, still sliding in and out so slowly. He watched my eyes, waiting for me to say more. He seemed to already know what I felt but he wanted me to say it.

"Every time I look in your eyes. . . I want to give myself to you – all of me. Everything that I am, I want to give you." I whispered, unable to stop myself. "Whatever you want. . .I'll do anything for you." 

I closed my eyes, breathing hard. A single tear ran down my face. His cock never missed a stroke.

"You want to surrender yourself to me." He said.

I opened my eyes and looked at him. How did he know? How could he know exactly what I was thinking? "Yes." I whispered.

"Then do it." He said. "Surrender yourself to me – your body, your mind, your soul, your heart. Give it all to me."

I looked into his eyes and nodded.

He smiled. "It's getting hotter; it's getting wetter. Are you gonna cum for me, baby?" he asked.

"Yes, baby." I breathed. 

He let go of my arms and I put them around his neck.

He reached down and pulled my knees up and put them over his shoulders. He was breathing hard now and his strokes were faster, harder, more insistent. "Give it to me, baby. I know you're close. Cum for me, girl."

That's when my orgasm just exploded inside me. I cried out and clung to him, my whole body shuddering. I could feel the muscles inside me clamp down on his cock and squeeze it harder than ever before. He grunted and his cock began to throb, shooting his hot cum out like lava. His orgasm set off another one in me. It seemed to go on and on. I let it wash over me and savored every second of it while the spasms just kept squeezing his cock.

When it was over, he looked into my eyes. I was surprised to see the tears that filled mine mirrored in his. He kissed me slowly, deeply, passionately. He pulled out of me gently and rolled over onto his back, sighing deeply. I laid my head on his chest and we drifted off to sleep.