 Let me just catch you up to how this all started... 

My boyfriend and I had been dating for 2 years, we'd discussed marriage; it was his idea, not mine. He continuously brought up our future together, asked me all the questions- How long would you want to be engaged? What is your dream wedding? Where would we live? How many kids? Yadda, yadda, yadda. I had this idea in my mind, planted by him, that we would one day get married. Then all of a sudden, he hits me with a bomb- now he's not so sure he wants to ever get married again (he's divorced and has a son from his previous marriage). He doesn't understand why this would be a big deal to me. No, no, go ahead, why don't you just waste more of my "good years" and figure it out until I'm a shriveled up prune and nobody wants me anymore? Fuck that. I want a man that wants me, all of me, including marrying me one day. If he can figure out his shit, good, if not, then I'm not going to be here waiting around for his dumb ass to realize I'm quite a catch. 

I'm don't mean to toot my own horn, but I've remained in touch with a few exes and I'm usually "the one that got away" or "the one that nobody can compare to" or something like that. I'm very easy on the eyes: 5'5, long flowing brown hair, intense green eyes, 110 lbs, slim waist and a sweet ass, B sized cups- nice firm, perky tits, great personality- witty, charming, intelligent, adventurous, etc., etc. While he tries to figure his shit out, I'll be out "not acting like I'm married" because why the hell not? I never intended to cheat on him though.

There was this sexy, Italian Stallion that was friends with a girlfriend of mine (or more so, her boyfriend's friend) and he gave me his number and insisted on cooking for us all. I never called him, but my girlfriend asked me that weekend if we were still going to have dinner together, and I agreed. We show up, and he's looking amazing, we dined, and wined and had a lovely conversation. One topic we discussed was the origin of the word "lesbians" (I have no idea how this topic even came up!) He mentioned that it was derived from the poems of Sappho, a poet who was born on the Greek island, Lesbos. Then we discussed the difference between threesomes and ménage à trois. I was amused with his ability to discuss sexual topics without being overtly raunchy. He was just vulgar enough to pique my interest. 

After dinner, we decided to go out dancing. We danced very closely together and he kept whispering into my ear how sexy he thought I was and that my boyfriend was crazy. His hands wandered a little while we danced to salsa music, and then he slid his hand up my skirt a little to squeeze my ass and I didn't object. We took some breaks from dancing and got some drinks at the bar. He pulled me onto his lap but I felt slightly awkward with my friend there and politely removed myself to grab my drink. We all talked for awhile and danced some more, and he couldn't keep his hands off me, even when I DID try! He was an amazing dancer, and I was still having so much fun as the night grew later. Our friends soon left us and we were alone, dancing, and continued flirting all night until I decided that my feet hurt and I wanted him to take me home. He walked me to my door and kissed me passionately, our tongues dancing in each others mouths, his hands held my face there and he left me breathless. He said good-night and I closed the door and smiled to myself. This was going to be trouble and I wanted more.

He called me the next day and asked me to go out to dinner with a couple that were friends of his. Dinner was lovely again, and he kept playing footsie with me, which really got me thinking again about the trouble I was getting myself into, but I really didn't care. As I said, I wanted more. 

After dinner, we went back to his place and decided to soak in the hot tub. Neither of us had our suits (he left his one pair he owned on his boat), so he held up a towel for me while I undressed and I jumped into the tub with the bubbles going. He told me not to look as he stripped down but I did anyway. His cock was slightly erect and looked amazing, he kinda laughed at me and got in as well. We talked more and he pulled me close to him as he told me about his life, his past loves, how he ended up in his career. I was sitting besides him, but a little in front, and he began to rub my shoulders. I sighed that it felt really good and he continued. His hands worked their magic into me and he began to work his way down my back. On the way up he caressed from my abs up to my breasts and began to squeeze my tits with both hands. I moaned slightly and he lifted me up and seated me on his lap where he rubbed my inner thigh and continued to play with my titties. He pinched my nipple and tugged at it softly and began kissing my neck. He amorously cooed in my ear how bad he wanted me and I could feel his dick brushing against my snatch. 

I pulled a 180 and sat facing him and took his prick into my hand and began to jack him off. He lowered his mouth and swallowed my tit in his mouth. He sucked and nibbled on my nipples and traced circles around them which caused me to sigh in sheer delight. He grew to his full length as I gripped his large member in my hand and played with his balls. Then I stood up and placed a foot on the edge of the tub and gently pulled his head to my hot box. He grabbed my ass and forcefully pulled me closer to him, almost making me lose my balance. He was squeezing my butt cheeks as he sucked on my clit. He licked from my slit to my ass crack and rubbed my nub while he tongued my hole. His thumb replaced his tongue and he popped it into my soaking wet pussy. His thumb went in and out of my vagina and I could feel the tension building. He pulled out his thumb used two fingers inside of me instead. I was rocking my hips to meet his fingers fucking me. He held onto the side of my waist to secure me as he continued to plow his fingers into me. He removed his fingers, and teasingly rubbed my clit again before he plunged his fingers back inside of me.

"Ohhhh, yeah!" I cried out. I felt so fucking good and I wanted to feel his meat deep inside of me, so I told him to stand up and sit on the ledge, and he did. I grabbed his dick and teased my pussy lips with it; my dripping wet cunt lubricated his penis. I shoved his tool inside of me while half sitting on him and let out a deep moan. Feeling him penetrating me got me so hot and made me so weak. He grabbed me by the waist and began pumping in and out of my pussy with his cock, going slightly deeper each time. Each stroke started to cause my tight pussy to relax a little more. We soon ended up fucking feverishly in the hot tub. He took me from behind and I used the edge of the tub for support as he held onto me by the waist. I was begging for him not to stop, that I was about to cum soon. I told him I wanted him to dump his load in my pussy. He told me how tight my pussy felt and that he's never had such a good fuck. I didn't really believe I was his best fuck, but it felt good hearing that at the time. I screamed in ecstasy as my pussy walls began their rhythmic visceral muscle contractions, with crashing waves of peristalsis floodeding my entire being. My lover rode the waves with force and stamina I had never experienced before. As my body stopped its trembling, he pulled out and turned me to face him once again.

He propped me up on the edge and buried his face in my pussy, sucking my female juices. I thought I was going to die from overwhelming pleasure. I gushed more cum into his face and he relished in it. His head rose again to my breasts as his mouth encased my nipple. He teased for a few minutes more before he thrust his hard cock back into my quivering cunt. 

"Beg me to cum inside you," he demanded. I begged him to cum inside of me and he told me to beg louder. 

"Please cum for me! Fill my pussy deep with your spunk!" I screamed. He released a torrent of his man batter into my yerning twat just as I felt the rise of another orgasm. He continued to pump into me as I cried out, "Oh, fuck yeah!" He slowed his thrusts, but continued as he nibbled on my earlobe. He wrapped his arms around me, and pulled himself deep inside me. With a final grunt, he removed himself from my very satisfied pussy. 

He kissed me on the mouth and told me we should shower before we go to bed. I smiled, the night was still young and I had a feeling we weren't done fucking for the night. I never intended to cheat, but now I never intend to stop fucking this glorious beast.