 Sam had just gotten out of the shower when he was virtually assaulted by his roommate just outside the bathroom. She was ultra-horny and needed some cock. Fast. Sam was always ready to oblige her -- even when he shouldn't -- so before the word "okay" had finished echoing down the hall, the blonde was on her knees with her bare ass waving him in for a landing.

Chuckling, Sam joined her on the carpet, then joined with her. He had only just begun to really fuck her when she cried out in ecstasy, pushed him away and stood up. "What now?" he asked. She looked back, kissed his wet cockhead and looked him in the eye, saying "Don't care. Got mine." With that, she hurried off.

If Sam had ever done that to her he would never hear the end of it. But no matter. He had a powerful erection now, and intended to put it to good use.

Down the hall was Deidre. She was always ready for a quickie and today would be no exception. Still wearing his bathrobe, Sam knocked on her door, oblivious of the fact that the erection that led him here was prominently jutting from it.

Diedre was happy to see Sam, but she was even happier to see Sam Jr.

Without asking permission, she dropped to her knees and inhaled the turgid member right there on her doorstep.

But oral sex was not what Sam was after and he said so. Focused on her task, "Pussy" was the only word Diedre heard him say, and he didn't have to repeat himself. She immediately rolled onto her back right where she was and spread her legs.

She was wearing a skirt, but as usual she wore nothing underneath. She didn't like anything to get in the way of her sudden passions.

Still standing in the doorway, Sam looked up and down the hall for any passers-by. Seeing none, he joined Diedre on the entranceway floor and slipped his cock into her steamy crevice. No longer worried about his legs protruding from the doorway, Sam fucked Diedre hard and fast, uncharacteristically spilling his seed quickly.

Strangely, Diedre didn't seem to mind his brevity, thanked him and sent him home.

Diedre closed the door, straightened her skirt and returned to her bedroom where Kyle was sleeping. Sam had started something that she intended to have Kyle finish. Straddling his body, she worked at Kyle's pants to reveal his prick, which was predictably stiff at this time of morning. Her movements awakened both Kyle and his libido.

"What's going on?" he mumbled.

"Shhh." Diedre put a finger to his lips, swung a leg over him and sat her wet cunt full onto his cock.

"Oh," he mumbled and relaxed again, his query answered.

Diedre rode his awesome member until she came, shuddering and twitching lewdly.

"You should go before Rita gets suspicious," Diedre proclaimed.

"But I didn't..." Kyle started, but realized he had been summarily dismissed.

Tucking his erection back into his jeans, he headed back to his apartment across the hall, where his girlfriend, Rita would be glad to see him... he hoped.

Rita was indeed glad to see him, but she was a bit distracted. Kyle and his insistent erection didn't take notice of her agitation at seeing him so early in the day. All he knew was how hot, moist and inviting her pussy was several seconds later when she spread for him on their bed. Diedre's cunt must have done a number on him because before he knew it he was cumming hard.

Rita was just getting into it when Kyle climaxed and passed out. This was good, because Henry, the maintenance man was hiding in the closet half-naked. Rita found him to be extra-handy when she had an itch between her legs. Knowing how deeply Kyle can sleep, she wasted little time in yanking Henry from the closet and jumping into his arms.

Henry let Rita's gaping pussy slide down onto his cock as he walked out into the living room. The horny pixie jumped up and down frantically in his embrace before stiffening and crying out.

"What's going on?" Kyle groggily asked for a second time this morning.

"Oops," Rita giggled, climbing down Henry's muscular trunk. "You gotta go."

Henry reluctantly nodded and let himself out. He had other "appointments" anyway. Like the redhead down the hall. One quick cell phone call and she'd be ready for him.

"I'm in the bedroom," Constance called when she heard Henry open the front door. And there she was, butt-naked on her belly with an inviting crevice winking up at him from between widely-spread thighs. Henry got into position and decided to do some morning exercise. Several push-ups later, he started having muscle spasms -- the good kind.

"Thanks, hon," Constance said, never looking up or at him. Henry left quietly, though for some reason he felt a little more used than usual.

Once he was gone, Christy stepped out of the shadows and admired the mess that Henry had left.

"Do you like what you see?" Connie asked, rolling over.

"Oh, yes," Christy replied, swallowing hard.

"Then why don't you have a taste?"

Christy had always enjoyed the taste of cum and had always wanted to try sex with a woman. This was a double-incentive for her. Taking a deep breath, she climbed between Connie's legs.

Connie found Christy's tongue to be one of the best she had ever had and proved it by reaching an orgasm in record time.

Christy was pleased she could bring her new playmate to such an explosive conclusion, but she was out of sperm and growing tired.

"Will you do me now?" she asked respectfully.

"No, honey. This is just your first lesson. You will perform without thought of reward in the future. That will be your second lesson."

"Yes, Ma'am."

"Now, leave me. I have other appointments."

"Yes, Ma'am."

Christy left, but she still had an awful need to fuck. She didn't know anyone else in this building, but she knew that there was noise coming from the laundry room in the basement.

Once there, she found a guy with a basket full of clothes. Thinking quickly, she took off her panties and strolled in, her skirt swirling with each hip rotation.

"Any open washers?" she asked.

"No, I'm waiting for one myself."

"Well, isn't that frustrating?," Christy pouted, twirling her panties around one finger.

"You get yourself all worked up and there are no openings that need filling." She walked over to one of the vibrating machines and leaned on it with a flip of her hips that caused the back of her skirt to fly up and land on her back.

Christy looked back at him over her shoulder, still twirling her pink panties. "Don't you just want to fill an opening..." she waited for him to finish her sentence.

"Guy," he finished for her.

"Okay, so don't tell me your name." Christy widened her stance and rotated her ankles, making her exposed pussylips open and close.

Guy was not stupid. His sweats were around his ankles in an instant and his cock was piercing Christie's pussy before she finished her sentence.

Oh, God, Yes! Christy thought, having needed to get off since she first tasted Henry's seed in Constance's snatch. This Guy's cock will be more than enough to get the job done.

Proving her thoughts true, Christy had herself a mind-blowing orgasm while sandwiched between an anonymous stranger and a vibrating washing machine.

When she came down, she turned around, kissed Guy on the cheek and said, "Remember, you must learn to give pleasure before you can think about receiving it. This is the first lesson."

With that, Christie left a stunned young man standing in the laundry room with a wet cock and his pants around his ankles.

Guy was a bit angry as he pulled up his pants, but she had a point... sort of. She didn't owe him anything. Just like he doesn't owe the bitch who just walked in anything either. They had apartments on the same floor in this building. She was always mean. You know, that catty meanness where you point out someone's character flaws at a party with the pretense of "just trying to help".

She looked around at all the full washers and said "What the fuck?"

"What the fuck is right," Guy spat unprovoked, "I would have thought it was you that would be so insensitive as to use up all the machines at once on a Saturday morning."

"Listen little man," she responded, "I don't have the time for you and your bickering."

"You always start with me," guy said invading her space, "but you never follow through. I just thought I would start with you this time."

"Oh," Stephanie laughed, "You thought. I didn't know you could. You didn't hurt anything, did you?"

"Lady, I can do a lot of things you don't know about."

"Like what?" she asked incredulously.

"Like steal the panties off your body without you even noticing," Guy smirked, holding up a pair of pink panties.

Stephanie wouldn't give him the satisfaction of checking to see if the panties he held were hers, but she didn't do anything else either. She didn't even back away.

"That's how insensitive you are," Guy continued. "You wouldn't even notice an erection if it were two inches from you!" Which his was.

Eyeing the panties with curiosity, she stammered, "I can tell you need a woman, badly." It was a weak comeback, but he was unusually confidant today.

"Oh, and I'll bet you think you're woman enough for me, do you?"

"I didn't say that."

Good, he thought. She's on the defensive. "You didn't have to. Your kind always thinks she's superior."

No response.

"Well?" he challenged, pushing his sweatpants off his hips for the second time this morning and stepping back so she could see his cock, "Bring it on."

"Okay," she said, secretly admiring Guy's huge erection, "let's finish this." The blonde threw one leg up and over Guy's hip and pulled her skirt up. He noticed that she was indeed bereft of underwear before he penetrated the shrew.

Guy gave the best fuck of his life to that point. It was so good that he couldn't keep himself from cumming. Not that he wanted to.

Extracting his prick from her still-needy pussy, he said. "Well, honey. It looks like I'm the one who left things unfinished this time. It's too bad, too because I know you liked it. Just like I know you'll never see my dick again. Now go home and masturbate about that. Bitch." As he spoke, Guy used the pink panties to dry his cock and threw it at Stephanie.

Flabbergasted, Stephanie stalked off, went upstairs and told her roommate all about being left high and dry after being worked up. She was hoping her roommate would take pity on her and fuck her again this morning.

Sam only laughed.