 I am an avid hiker and this is the most exotic encounter I have ever had on my hiking trips. I am a 32-year-old man, well settled in business in Bombay. I work hard through out the year and travel around hiking in the most beautiful locales around the world at least twice a year. Each hike of mine I have had one or the other encounter with beautiful women from around the world. They have come into my life during those trips and we have shared a torrid affair for the duration of the trip and then gone on our ways. Most have stayed in touch by mail (snail or e) and we have relived and talked about the heated romance of those few days with fondness. What has been best about these affairs has been the fact that most of my lovers have been serious hikers, and we have always maintained a respect for each other's privacy. As long as it has lasted the affairs have been just lustful romances with no strings attached. I shall always be thankful to these women whose beauty and beautiful bodies, whose lusty lovemaking and passion for just the beauty of love making, have made my trips to those beautiful places even more exotic. 

My first was a girl from Christchurch, New Zealand, her name was Karen. She was tall with firm not very large breasts and a well-proportioned arse. All through that trip in Sikkim we shared one sleeping bag, sleeping in the nude and fucking each other's brains out every night. I have done a lot of hikes in Nepal and consider it the most beautiful country in the world. I have trekked to the Everest base camp three times and around the Annapurna four times and many more to Kanchenjunga, makalu, Kailash, etc. On one of my trips to the Everest base camp I met Farahna. She was from Pakistan about 24 in age then, about 5 ft 3 plump with big, very fair with a fetish for oral sex. She was one of the best cocksuckers I have met. She would take my thick dick right in upto her throat, lick her tongue around my balls and practically give me a blowjob while I licked her sweet cunt in a 69 whenever we would stop to rest during the hike. After the hike we stayed back in Kathmandu for a week and just stayed in the hotel enjoying each other's bodies.

Rafting in the Colorado I have done this black teenager, Angella from Lyon France. She was wild in bed and had a shiny black skin. Her well-exercised firm body was one of the hottest things I have enjoyed in bed. I have had threesomes with Ruth and Linda, they were from Atlanta and it was my first time with two gorgeous girls in bed together. They were insatiable and the three of us enjoyed ourselves in Kerala. Sunil and Veena were a couple of 40 from Bombay I met in Darjeeling. Sunil was BI sexual and Veena had this voluptuous Indian body. It was the first time I got sucked by a man when Veena and Sunil together gave me a blowjob. We would return back to our hotel every evening get drunk and myself and Sunil would fuck Veena mad. Well enough of these encounters. What I now write is one of my most memorable hikes.

I flew in to Kathmandu to begin my first trek around the Annapurna. The trek would last about 21 days and was the longest I would have undertaken until then. I checked into my hotel and went shopping for some stuff I would need during the hike. That evening I was supposed to meet the other guys who would be coming along with me on the hike. I had arranged the formalities of Hiking in Nepal with one of the foremost Hiking guide tours in Nepal. I got a call at about 4 from the tour operator saying that the group was supposed to meet at his office at 6 in the evening. We were to have a slight briefing before we left the next day to Pokhra. 

At 6 I reached his office and settled in with a few others waiting for everyone of our group trickle in. We were introduced to each other. Ralph, Bud and Chris were from Holland and were on their first hike to the Himalayas. Kelly and Mike were from France, just married and had decided on Nepal for their Honeymoon. Ravi and Arshad were a pair of College guys from Delhi. Kaushiki was a lady of about 45 from Chandigarh. Dough and Sylvester were from Australia and very avid hikers. John and Linda were blacks from Arizona. And finally we would be accompanied on our hike by three Nepali guides. We all shook hands. We were given complimentary passes to the Casino for the night and told that we would be picked up the next day at 7 in the morning for our flight to Pokhra.

We all met in the Casino in the evening and the team almost hit out instantly with each other. The guys were fun and full of enthusiasm for the trip. We all gambled and had a couple of drinks each and having lots of fun. Kelly, Mike, John and Linda decided to go to the disco. The guys from Holland wanted to try some pot and moved back to the hotel room. The rest of us kept at the gambling table. I suggested that we have our dinner, which was quickly turned down by all at the table except Kaushiki. We both and finished our hand at the table and got up to walk to the buffet which had been served. She turned to me and said that it was her first time in Soaltee and she would like to have a look at the Disco. I agreed to take her there as I was feeling like one more drink before dinner. We entered the disc and it being a Saturday night was packed. We walked to the bar and I ordered for a drink for both of us. I took the first good look at her. She was very beautiful. 

About 5 ft 5 very fair with jet-black hair. She was wearing a loose sweater and jeans. Even through the sweater you could make out she had ample tits, which were lusciously curved. She had a large but very well proportioned butt. I always had these hots for elder women and this babe was beginning to set me on low flame for a start. We were through two pegs when I asked her for a dance and she agreed. I held her soft fair hands and led her to the dance floor. We moved to the edge of the floor and started gyrating to the rhythm of some loud techno number. The song ended and was replaced with Richard Marx singing now and forever on request from some dancer. The pace of dancing changed and I held one of Kaushikis hands and put the other on her hips. She put her free hand on my shoulder and moved in close and looked into my eyes. 

She had beautiful light brown eyes and I could smell her musky perfume. I pulled her closer and looked into her sexy lightly painted lips, I really wanted to kiss her but decided it was too soon we had just met. I was getting horny and wanted to cut it off for now so I asked her if she was now ready for food. She nodded her head slightly and I thought that she seemed disappointed. We had dinner and drove back to the hotel. At the door to her room I held her hand and swung her into my arms and kissed her on her lips lightly and thanked her for the dance. I walked back to my room on the same floor and when I looked back she was still outside looking at me. I changed and curled up in bed thinking about her and fell asleep.

Next morning we met at the lobby and Kaushiki thanked me for a wonderful evening. We reached Pokhra at about 10 and on the flight Kaushiki asked me if I could help her with her hiking gear as tell her if she would need any thing more. She had just one pair of thermal inners and I suggested that she buy one more pair, some more warm socks and a pair of sunglasses. After lunch we walked to the market to make her purchases. Shopping finished we settled into one of the lake front cafeterias to have a coffee. She told me about her husband and children who were now both away studying in the States. She loved hiking and usually made the trips alone. 

I told her about my wife and two kids. We were engrossed in a long chat and suddenly realized that it was almost six in the evening and we had to meet the sherpas for our first serious briefing about our hike. On the way back to the hotel I picked up two bottles of Henessey. The briefing got over at about 8 and we all went back to our rooms. I was just deciding on pouring myself a drink and ordering for dinner when I heard a knock on the door. It was Kaushiki she had changed into a beautiful tight electric blue sweater and a black jeans. She told me that the packet of socks were with me. I told her to come in and gave her the pack. She looked around my room and said that I did not have the wonderful view of Mount Machapuchure from my room that her room had. Just then there was a call on the room telephone telling that dinner was served. 

I told the man at the other end that I would like to have dinner in my room, I asked Kaushiki if she would like to go down for dinner. She said that even she would prefer having it in her room and asked me to join her in her room. I called up room service and asked for dinner for two to be served in her room. 

I took the Henessey along to her room. Her room had a beautiful view of the snow capped mountain peaks. I poured a drink for both of us and we stood at the wide window enjoying the view of the Himalayas in the moon lit night. It was surprisingly clear and instead of the general dark silhouettes you can see on other days today you could almost make out the snowy slopes awash in moonlight. We kept talking about the beauty of the mountains and making small talk. Suddenly she turned towards me and said that she wanted to be kissed again, as she had been the night before. I grabbed her in my arms and at first planted a light kiss on her lips and withdrew back and took a look at her lovely face. Her eyes were closed and she was breathing a bit heavy. I again locked my lips on her and slid my tongue into her mouth gently. I was now crushing my mouth into her lips and took her lower lip between my teeth and gently bit her. She gave a moan and I returned to probing her mouth playing with her tongue and tasting the sweetness of her mouth. Just then there was a knock at the door, I opened, the bell guy had come with the food. After he had put down the tray I tipped him generously and told him not to disturb us for the night.

I turned to Kaushiki at the window, she looked beautiful. I walked up close to her held her hands looked into her beautiful eyes and said I want to make love to you. She drove one of her hands into my hair and pulled my lips to her own. We were locked in a wild kiss and I held her tight in my arms crushing her tits against my chest. She pushed me back a bit and ripped my shirt off my body. She took a lust full look at my muscular torso and again embraced my tight with her boobs now crushing against my naked chest. She bit me hard on my shoulder, slid he tongue all over my chest licking my nipples and biting me all over. This bitch was in heat and made no bones about it. She unbuttoned my Cargoes pulled down the fly and let it drop down to my feet. I was now in my briefs and she went for a deep kiss squeezing my but with her hands and dug her well-painted nails into them. I pushed her away took off my pants and sneakers. I got on to the wide ledge of the window with only my thin undies on. I stood straight with my legs a bit apart holding on to the sidebars in a crucifix way. I looked at her and told her that my dick would like to look her in the face. She moved in closer her face was now in line with my crotch. She hugged my thighs with her hands on my butt and kissed my dick gently from over the underwear. I told her to set me free. 

Kaushiki slowly started to pull my briefs down. The lady had a real look of anticipation and I saw her tongue move over her lips. When she was some way down my dick suddenly sprang free and slapped her on her face. She gave a slight moan and closed her eyes. I could see her exotic face with the patch of pre cum my naughty prick had left on her cheeks. She opened her eyes and stared me straight in the eyes with. She moved her lusty face forward her lips open and took my meat into her wet mouth all the time keeping her eyes fixed on mine. I arched my back and head behind with this sudden surge of pleasure, I could feel the chilly breeze blowing on my arse cheeks and back. She took my dick in her hands held it upturned and proceeded to lick my balls with her tongue. I looked down and saw her defiant eyes fixed on me as she proceeded to take my balls into her mouth first on be one and then both of them together and sucked hard. All this time she held my dick tight and kept wanking it, not once did this sex goddess's eye leave mine. I guess she liked to give pleasure and wanted to see every moment of it. I was getting quite close to coming.

I pulled my dick out of her sweet mouth and got down from the ledge. Kaushiki was fully clothed and I hugged her against my naked body drawing her into a frantic kissing bout. The bitch was hungry and wild she was literally biting my lips off. She whispered in my ears " Get me naked and make love to me." I held her tight sweater and proceeded to peel it off her body. She was wearing a tight black and yellow workout bra below. As the sweater passed over her head it released her lush mane and let it cascade seductively onto her shoulder. Her Lycra bras had pressed her tits tight and inspite of that I could make out that she had big boobs. I unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down. She wore a Lycra shorts matching her bra below. I moved Kaushiki to the Mirror and proceeded to maul her fair busty frame. I held her from behind nestling my hard dick on her big rounded arse while my hands gave full attention to her breasts. I kneaded her tits hard and pinched her hard and erect nipples from over the fabric of her bra. She threw her head behind and drove her erotic tongue into my mouth. She had a husky voice and her moans, matching my playing were driving me wild.

I held her hair and roughly threw her onto the bed. I peeled her shorts off her butt. She had a nice hairy mound of a mature woman. Her legs fair and clean-shaven and very shapely and ending in a dark patch were a sight. I looked the lady right in the eye and said that now I would suck her till she came at least a couple of times. She just closed her eyes moved her head to the side on the pillow and let out a whimper of a moan. I moved in for the kill. I held her knees and roughly spread her legs wide. Her cunt was now mercilessly open to torture and she kept her eyes closed and moaned softly anticipating the onslaught. I moved my face in close and smelt the whiff of her womanhood. I kissed her cunt lips they were dripping her juices. I rolled my tongue over her cunt lips and clit. Kaushiki was now propped up on her elbows and watching my mouth make love to her cunt. I winked at her and gave a light suck to her clit. She was now breathing heavily and whispering to me to suck her harder. " What is it you want you slut, speak up louder, I like my horny whores to be very vocal while I fuck them."

" Lick my cunt harder I said you hungry cunt eater," Kaushiki went on " Lick my juices, you are setting me on fire. Lick me like your cheap slut, lick my arsehole and push your tongue in. Speaking dirty to her had really got her started and she continued moaning loudly and talking dirty with me. Kaushiki said " You know when we get back to Bombay I will take you home to my husband and then both of you can fuck me, You fuck me doggy while I suck him, or maybe we three join together and fuck your wife " her suggestions were driving me wild and I violently ravaged her cunt. Her juices were now flowing like a river and my mouth was coated with it. 

The flow was getting thicker and sweeter and trickling down her arse cheeks and on to the bed. I pulled her cheeks apart and she complied by lifting her legs high and holding them by her hands. Her moist bushy mound and her arse crack were now in front of my face in all their glory. Her arse hole was glistening and a aimed my tongue and started to prod her hole like a knife, Kaushiki screamed in delight " Yes you bastard tear me apart, in Bombay I will lick your wife's arsehole like that while you fuck me and my husband pumps his dick into her mouth." I wet my finger in her juices and drove it up her hole she squealed, " You know what I will do" I said " I will get a couple of my friends over to your house tie up your husband and sit around and watch my wife fuck your brains out with a huge strap on dildo in your arse." Her lusty body pulsed and she came like a tornado. She spasmed for a couple of minutes and kept screaming fuck me you bastard. 

I moved over and smoothed my body over her. I kissed her on her lips and started to wander my tongue and lips on her shoulders arms neck. Kaushiki's skin was exotic and creamy. She smelt wonderful a mix of perfume and lust. Kaushiki was humming with pleasure as my tongue tickled her all over. She looked my in the eye " Why are you still not striping off my bra, release my boobs and make love to them, squeeze them, suck them play with my nipples, please. Get me naked I want to feel your wonderful body against my skin." I slowly peeled the tight Lycra bra off her chest. Her boobs almost jumped for joy being released from their tight confines. They were beautiful, milky white, huge and very firm and rose up defiantly from her chest. 

They were capped by very beautiful nipples, light brown and very excited. She caught me gaping at them " Beautiful aren't they" she said. I just lowered my mouth to them and started to suck those mounds of pleasure. She kept watching my as I squeezed and licked them. I moved my tongue all over her tits and kept tasting the softness of her skin. She was enjoying the attention. Kaushiki's breasts were slowly going deep red with all the mauling. I caught one of the nipples between my teeth and pinched the other one hard, she squealed in delight" Keep doing that I just love it." I went along torturing her nipples intermittently biting and sucking. She was gyrating her hips in a whip like motion. She was one of those women who could come with a lot of attention being paid to her tits. Kaushiki suddenly arched her back and moaned lustily " You dirty fucker keep slutting my boobs I am coming again, Yes harder.." and she came like a torrent again and slowly lowered her body back all spent. " I have not finished with you bitch as yet" I said. Kaushiki just stared back into my eyes and bit her lower lips.

I sat on my knees took my hard meat in my hand and started to rub her clit. She was still staring back and biting her lips and back to moaning lustily. My dick was now throbbing hard and I slowly parted her lips and pushed my dick into her love hole. The thickness of my dick spread her lips wide. She was really wet and I entered her smoothly. She gave a grunt and came again. My tool had now gone in completely. I lay down on top of her and started pumping her slowly. Kaushiki reached her lips to my mouth and started to deep kiss me. " You make me feel like a goddess, this is the most exotic fuck I have ever had." She said, " promise me that you will be my lover for ever." We kept kissing and I kept moving my hips gently, sliding may prick slowly back and forward in her cunt. We were hugging each other tight and her nails were digging into my back. We must have gone on for at least half an hour thus, " Can I come inside you" I whispered. 

" I would have it no other way" she replied. With this I increased my thrusts and started to pound away at her sexy love hole and her screams started to crescendo. At last I could feel my balls pulse and I came. Spurt after spurt of my juices shot into her hot body as she screamed into a climax once again. She kept moaning lustily as I kept moving my cock gently till I had subsided. I lay spent on top of her crushing her milky boobs against my chest and kissed her gently on her lips. " After we have finished trekking let us stay back in Katmandu for a week and enjoy each other" Kaushiki said. " Well, lets see if you can take the rigors of trekking whole days and getting pounded every night, then it shall be nice to know if you would still like to spend a week alone with this horny man" I replied. She just smiled and we both lay down hugging each other and fell off into a wonderful sleep.
