 Patty and I have been going together for the last three years and were now driving from Maryland to San Francisco. I had received a job offer from one of the major software firms and we were going to relocate there for the job. Patty is twenty-three and I'm Bill and am two years older.

My starting date with the company was three weeks away so we had plenty of time to enjoy the drive. We had each packed what seemed like tons of clothes but ten to one they still wouldn't be enough but buying new wardrobes won't be much of a problem with the great salary I'll be earning. My dad was right when he told me to get into computers. I zeroed in on software development and the salaries that were offered by the companies to whom I had applied almost knocked my socks off.

Patty and I had been a little more than just 'going together.' She had surrendered her virginity to me a year and a half ago and there weren't many days when we weren't working that we hadn't spent the entire day in the sack. I have been lucky, I guess, to have been endowed with a nine-inch thick cock. It took Patty a good few weeks of day and night sex before she was able to take the whole thing in her tight young pussy. Now she is in love with it.

Our route was going to take us across the northern part of the country and then dipping down into Colorado where we had a small cabin reserved at a resort where we were going to spend a week before continuing on to San Francisco. It was on a huge lake and there weren't any others close to the one we had reserved so we were going to have all the privacy we would want. I had brought my fishing stuff and looked forward to wetting a line and catching dinner a few nights. 

We made it to Kansas and found it to be a hell of a monotonous place to drive through ... flat and desolate. We could just imagine the cattle drives that had taken place in the area we were traveling through and shuddered to think of the boredom the trail hands had endured. Ugh.

It was in the western part of the state where I crested a sight hill and saw a woman standing at the side of the road by a fairly new looking car. There was a State Trooper parked behind her car and I pulled over behind him to see if we could be of any help.

She appeared to be in her later forties-early fifties and looked to be a decent looking gal but the tears were pouring out of her. I asked what was wrong and could we be of any help. The Trooper looked at Patty and I and just nodded at the woman and then back at us before saying,

"As hard as it is to believe with a car as new as hers, she blew an engine."

"I just had the oil changed in a town back up the road a little ways and now look at me, stranded in the middle of nowhere."

Patty jumped in with, "Take it easy mam. Bill and I will be more than happy to help out." And then turning to the Trooper she asked if there was a decent auto garage in the next town up the road. 

He said there was and Patty asked if he could call them and arrange to have the car towed to their shop. She almost didn't have the words out of her mouth before he was on his radio calling his dispatcher to arrange the tow. 

We assured the Trooper we would stick with the unhappy motorist until the situation was resolved freeing him up for other duties. We had her transfer her luggage from her car to our van and then we were going to follow the tow truck into the garage.

The mechanic who looked at the car when it was lowered from the tow truck just shook his head saying that it was no wonder the engine blew, it didn't have any oil. The mechanic that was supposed to change her oil up the road had drained out the old oil but failed to fill it with fresh oil. One law suit coming up! 

The woman instantly got on the phone and called San Francisco. She was a lawyer and in a heartbeat had some high power legal experts working on the problem before she had hung up the phone.

"Well, at least I'll get a new car out of all this." she laughed. "But what do I do now"?

I jumped in with, "We'd be more than happy to let you ride along with us to San Francisco. There is a problem though in that we are going to be stopping at a cabin we have rented in Colorado for a week so we won't be getting to San Fran anytime soon."

She jumped in with, "I'm Beth and I'll just rent a cabin where you got yours. Hell, I need a vacation after all of this crap anyway." 

Patty answered her with, "Hell, then lets get the show on the road ... times a wasting."

There was no way we were going to make Colorado that night so we started looking for a motel with a restaurant nearby where we could spend the night.

Beth jumped in with, "Hey guys, the cost of tonight is on me. You'd have made it to your destination if you hadn't stopped to help me out. Besides, I'm a lawyer and you know we make too much money anyway," she said with a huge laugh. We graciously accepted her generosity.

We found a decent motel that had a restaurant as part of it and a bar next door so after grabbing a bite we moved to the bar for a couple of nightcaps. Beth was a fun person to talk with. Unfortunately she had lost her husband a few years earlier and hadn't dated since so it sounded as if she was glad to have people to talk to other than the lawyers she worked with.

We hit the sack about ten and were up at seven and were finished with breakfast and on the road again at eight.

The road to the Colorado resort was great. Smooth and wide without too many hairpin turns when we got into the mountainous area. We had only seen the cabin in the brochure and were anxious as hell to see what we had reserved. It turned out to be super....a huge bedroom with a king sized bed, a big bath with walk-in shower and a small but well equipped kitchen with a nice living room with a huge stone fireplace and best of all; the front porch almost touched the waters edge of the lake. Hell, Patty and I could live in a place like this forever. 

Unfortunately, and there always is a problem with a place like Shangri-La; they only had ten cabins and all of them were rented at least for the next few days.

There was a bar a mile down the road and I suggested we go and have a couple of drinks and discuss the situation. The next town with any type of lodgings was over forty miles away so we were going to have to come up with sleeping arrangements for Beth locally.

We each had a few drinks and Patty blurted out, "I've got it. There's a small sofa in the living room of our cabin and I wouldn't be surprised if it unfolded out to a bed. Hell, places like this would hate to have a cabin that could only handle two people." 

Sure enough, when we got back to the resort the manager assured us the sofa did fold out and they would be happy to supply us with the linens, towels and blankets at no charge for not being able to provide a cabin for our guest. We were set. 

We unloaded the luggage we would need for the next week and then went for a walk around the whole complex before going to dinner. We hadn't taken a dozen steps and Patty came out with, "Holy shit, I forgot."

Beth asked, "Forgot what?"

"Well, Beth, when Bill and I make love and I am going to have my orgasm I let out a bit of a scream. We're going to have a major problem if that is going to bother you."

Beth roared, "Well, it's been a lifetime since I've had one but I think I can manage hearing others enjoying themselves. Have a couple of orgasms on me" and she was still rolling with laughter as she finished saying that.

We ended up at the parking lot after our walk and decided to go back down the road to the bar restaurant we were at in the afternoon. Beth was still chuckling about Patty's announcement of her orgasm outbursts.

By the time we had finished dinner it was time to hit the sack. This time it was me who had to say something to Beth and it was, "Beth I forgot to mention that Patty and I both sleep in the nude and the cabin only has one bathroom. You might get an eyeful if you are wandering around in the dark and happen to take a peek in at us."

Once again she was laughing, "I think I can handle that kind of stuff. Don't worry about it Bill."

That night it was me who had to hit the head in the middle of the night and was amazed that when I went into the bathroom I found it dark but could hear something. It was Beth and she hadn't turned the lights on for fear of disturbing our sleep. I flipped them on and there she was sitting on the throne doing her thing but her eyes weren't on mine but rather below my waist.

"Holy shit, you're huge, can little Patty take that monster?"

"It took her a while to get used to it but she is fine with it now." I answered.

Beth was wiping herself and getting up to return to bed and I took her by the hand and began the walk back to the sofa with her. She was only wearing some kind of nightgown and it let her breasts show clearly. They were large but as could be expected with a woman her age they sagged to her waist.

When she got to the sofa she sat facing me and I reached down and took my cock in one hand and put my other hand behind her head and then pulled her head to me. I soon had my cock on her lips and I said, "Open up Beth."

She did and she was quickly letting her tongue roll around it and had her hand riding up and down my shaft and it didn't take long before I rose to the occasion. I was rock hard and soon had about three inches in her mouth. She pulled back a little and quickly had her tongue massaging the head of my cock while her fingers were riding up and down my shaft. It felt as if she was tracing the veins in my cock with the tips of her fingers. Damn, this gal can suck a cock. I wanted more of it buried than just the three inches and I pulled her head closer to my crotch and my cock was now in a lot deeper. One more pull and I could feel my cock touching something at the back of her throat and she was trying to pull away from me as my cock was choking her. 

"A little while longer my love. I'm going to unload a super load down that lovely throat of yours." It was another few minutes with her trying to shake herself free when I could feel the heat start in my balls. 

I whispered, "Beth, here I come. Swallow all of it."

I began spurting one stream of white-hot come after the other deep in her throat and she was able to pull back a little and catch her breath but she also began gulping my juice down. I pulled out of her mouth a little but kept my hand behind her head; I didn't want her pulling completely free.

"Damnit Bill. I was nearly strangled with that. Promise you won't do that again. I loved to give you some pleasure but you can't ram it down my throat like that unless you want to be calling the mortuary for my body."

"I'm sorry Beth but you got me so hot and bothered I couldn't stop myself."

Just then we heard, "Well, isn't this sweet. Did he ram it to you the same way he did me the first time he had me sucking him off?"

It was Patty and she was standing at the doorway to our room with her hands on her hips giving us an evil eye. I leaned down and pushed Beth back down on the bed and noticed that when she was flat on her back her tits almost disappeared. They seemed to slide under her armpits but they sure didn't stick out like a younger woman's. Patty came over to the edge of the sofa bed and climbed over Beth. I had no idea what she was doing until she looked at me and just smiled. That was all it took and I knew what she had in mind. She had thrown a leg over Beth and then was sitting on her chest with her pussy just inches away from Beth's mouth.

"Patty, what the hell are you doing? Get off of me right now."

"Not until you take care of me the way you did Bill." She said.

"Bullshit. I don't eat pussy." blurted Beth.

"Well, you might not have before now but you ARE going to eat me until my juices mingle with Bill's in your mouth."

"Oh my God, what the hell have I gotten involved with? You two are a pair of crazies" Beth screamed.

"Aw, don't say things like that Beth. I am really hot and it won't take a few minutes and it will be all over."

With that Patty slid up so the lips of her pussy were spread over Beth's mouth.

I spoke up saying, "Beth, I am going to use my fingers on your pussy while you are eating Patty. You'll feel good in a second or two."

I folded my middle three fingers together and slipped them in her warm wet pussy. She hadn't been getting laid but she was wetter than hell. I think she had had an orgasm while she was sucking me off.

Patty reached down and lightly caressed her face saying, 

"Beth, do me nicely. I'm hotter than hell. Can't you feel my juices starting to flow?"

With that Patty moved forward so that she had Beth's mouth covered with the lips of her pussy. Beth seemed to get into it big time for she instantly pushed a couple of fingers up alongside her tongue and soon had them buried in Patty's pussy and were reaching up inside of her to stoke her clit. Patty was throwing her head from side to side as she was getting hotter by the minute. Looking at the two of them got me harder than hell even though I had had an orgasm just fifteen minutes earlier. I took my fingers out of Beth's pussy and moved between her legs and rammed the full length of my cock into the hilt.

Beth pushed Patty back a few inches and let out a muffled scream saying,

"Oh my God, it feels terrific but you are splitting me apart. I'm going to burst." 

By then I had my hands on her hips and was pulling them up to meet my cock while Patty had moved forward again and was fucking Beth's face with her cunt while I was doing the same to her pussy with my cock.

I was ramming it into her as hard as I had ever fucked any woman and it felt great. It was soon obvious that Beth was into what was happening to her as she was now throwing her hips up to meet my thrusts and she had her arms around Patty's hips and was pulling Patty's pussy harder on to her face. That was about all it took and Patty was having one of her huge orgasms. She let out one of her screeches as she twirled her pussy around and around Beth's face. Seeing that was all I needed to begin filling Beth's pussy with a load of my juice. She responded by flinging her legs up in the air and letting out a loud moan as she tossed her head from side to side. If it were true she hadn't had sex in a long-long time she was sure making up for it right then.

"Guys, this is unbelievable. I've only been with you in this cabin for a few hours and already I've had, a monster cock rammed down my throat, that same cock was rammed into my pussy and I was forced to eat Patty's pussy, against my will. Talk about rape ... this was the classic case of gang rape. I sort of assumed that with the sleeping arrangements I would be getting involved with some sex with you two but I never dreamed it would happen so quickly nor it would be so rough."

As she was saying this she let one hand drop back down to Patty's crotch and was rubbing her fingers around in the juices still flowing out of Patty. Patty just looked over and smiled but I could see that she let her pussy squirm in anticipation of more serious sex.

Patty surprised me as she leaned forward and planted a huge kiss on Beth. I had never known her to do anything as a lesbian but her kiss of Beth had me wondering. Beth responded to the kiss by wrapping an arm around the back of Patty's neck and pulling them together even tighter. It was going to be an interesting week.

We drove over to a nearby country store that afternoon to grab a few things for breakfast and lunches. We would be having dinners in the combo bar and restaurant we had been to earlier, that is unless I got lucky and caught a few fish. With our new closeness we changed the sleeping arrangements so that we all slept in the big king size bed so there was a ton of cuddling and grabbing every night from that point on. 

Things went along pretty much the same for the next couple of days and it rained like hell the day I was planning to go fishing. The ladies were inside and I sat on the porch just moaning about not being able to go fishing. I guess I could have gone but I didn't want to sit in some flat bottom boat while getting my ass soaked with the rain. Maybe another day; we still had three more days on our reservation.

After sitting out there for an hour or so hoping the damn rain would stop I got up and went inside only to find Patty with her face buried in Beth's pussy. It looked as if Beth was in seventh heaven the way she was moaning and holding on to Patty's head. It didn't take her long before she was throwing her hips in the air and crying out that she was having an orgasm but Patty stayed right with her lapping up the juices that were flowing out of the pussy in front of her.

I just sat in one of the easy chairs watching the activity while sipping a scotch over ice. When Patty pulled away I asked," Beth, I'd think you would want to be fair and do the same to Patty. The only difference would be that while you had your face buried in her pussy I could be kneeling up behind you and slipping my cock into your pussy."

"You've made the sale Bill. Patty, lay on your back while I get ready to eat your pussy better than you have ever enjoyed before while Bill will be ramming that lovely cock of his deep inside of me."

Patty just smiled but quickly rolled over. I had gotten hard just watching Patty doing Beth so I moved to get on the bed behind her when she got up on her knees to do Patty. As I came up to the edge of the bed Beth reached out and grabbed my cock and pulled me over to her. She instantly took it in her mouth and began a slow around and around movement with her tongue that got me even harder. Whew, she wanted as much of me in her as possible and was going to do everything she could to get me as hard and large as she could. While she had the head of me in her mouth she was running her fingers up and down my shaft while with her other hand she was lightly caressing my balls. Damn, I'd have to stop this or I would be exploding before my cock ever got near her pussy.

Patty went through the usual tossing of her head from side to side the hotter she got just before she let out a loud scream. It must have been a hell of an orgasm that made Patty scream loud enough to scare the fish in the lake. While Beth was doing her thing on Patty I was slipping my cock in and out of her wet pussy in almost slow motion, I wasn't going to ram it to her fast and hard this time. After a few minutes of this I stopped and pulled out of her and asked,

"Beth, I'd love to tittie fuck you, how about it?"

Patty jumped in with, "What the hell is tittie fucking?

"It's easy. I will lie on my back and have Beth sit on my thighs leaning over my chest. Her tits will naturally hang down and I'll put my hard cock up between them and hold her tits together with my hands and then she will rock back and forth until I explode. When I'm about to come she will lower her face so the head of my cock is aiming right at her mouth and I'll shoot a load into it. As I stop coming she will pull back removing my cock from between her tits and taking it in her mouth so she can get every drop of my juice deep in her throat."

"Mmmmm sounds like fun. I've never done it before but am anxious as hell to try." Beth answered.

It didn't take long for us to assume the position and with Beth's large tits wrapped around my still hard cock she began the rocking motion. Whew, it felt terrific. All of a sudden she started moaning and I looked down to see Patty doing something lower in the bed. She had her fingers in Beth's pussy and was beginning the pressure that would end up in her fisting Beth. By that I mean she would have her entire fist up inside of Beth's pussy and would be fucking her pussy with her hand never mind just her fingers.

