 In a suburban living room, a tall handsome man with black hair and a neatly trimmed beard was walking up and down talking on the phone.

"Miss Roberts, my name is Jack Villiers I think I have a dog here that belongs to you."

"O my God -- you've found Kimba?"

That seems to be the name on the collar -- he's a Sheltie.

"That's Kimba -- where did you find him?"

"He just wandered into my yard, I gave him some steak I had left over and then he settled down for a sleep on my lawn."

"O thank you so much for looking after him -- where are you situated exactly?"

"I'm at 29 Birch Grove in the Morley Heights area."

"Mr. Villiers I don't think I can make it before 9 o'clock -- is that too late?"

"O no -- I rarely go to bed before midnight."

"I'll see you at nine then."

Jack put the phone down thinking that Kimba's owner had a very nice voice. Then he sat down in an armchair and started to imagine what she might be like. He cast his mind back to the time when he made a blind date on the phone with a woman who also had a beautiful voice but unfortunately looked nothing like the image he cooked-up. It was a disaster.

"Miss Roberts," he mumbled to himself, trying to tap into his psychic powers, "Is probably around 23, brunette, slim figure with a nice smile."

He then sat and watched TV until the fingers on the clock reached nine.

It was five after when she arrived and his description was not far off except she was blonde. First, she hugged Kimba, who wagged his tail furiously and then she shook hands with Jack.

"I'm Angel Roberts," she purred, "Thank you so much for looking after my dog, I'm not sure how he broke loose."

Jack said it was no problem and then offered her some coffee. When she took off her coat and sat down he was amazed at her low cut top. It didn't leave much to the imagination and glancing down at her tits as he poured the coffee proved too much for his concentration, consequently it overflowed into the saucer.

As he sat across from her he then noticed just how short her skirt was and when she moved to get more comfortable he could actually see the strip of white that covered her crack. He swallowed hard and tried not to look in that direction as he was beginning to get overly excited.

"What do you do for a living Miss Rivers," he asked with his cup and saucer rattling nervously in his hand.

"Oh I make porn movies for a small studio in the city," she replied quite nonchalantly.

Jack almost dropped his cup, "A porn star he stammered -- that's quite an interesting line of work."

"It pays really well," she continued, "A handsome well-built guy like you could make a packet if you were interested."

"I'm afraid I have no acting experience," Jack replied feeling a little embarrassed.

"You don't have to worry about acting if you've got a good body -- would you mind taking off your shirt -- I'm interested -- from a professional point of view."

Jack was a bit hesitant but then he thought there was no harm in just taking his shirt off. However, when Angel got up and started to feel his muscles his dick began to get really hard, and then, when her tits brushed his chest it almost broke through his zipper. She put her hand down and felt it, "Wow you've got a really big cock there," she smiled, "I could arrange an audition for you if you like."

"I'm not an actor," he reiterated, "I'm an accountant."

"That sounds boring," she laughed, "Surely you'd rather fuck a girl like me for a living than sit in some stuffy old office."

Angel began to loosen off his belt and pull down his pants, "Holy shit -- that looks great," she said as his Dockers fell to the floor, "You could do wonderful things with that."

Jack felt like a real cunt standing there with his dick sticking up in the air, but all such thoughts melted away as she dropped down onto her knees and looking up at him she said, "I'm going to give you a demonstration. Just to show you how easy it is. Just groan a bit if you can."

Angel took his dick in her hand and started to work his foreskin up and down for a few seconds and then slipped her ruby lips onto to it and took it down her throat. She drove it in and out five or six times, broke off to run her tongue from his balls all the way up to his bright red tip and then she stopped for a moment to explain how to spurt it all over her face when he came. His body was shaking like a leaf and he was so desperate to cum that he grabbed hold of her hair and began to fuck her face.

When he felt is love goo moving up his pipe he withdrew it, took it in his hand and shot it all over her cheeks, Angel stuck out her tongue to catch some of it and then dipped her finger in it and tasted it.

"I don't usually get worked up having sex because it's my job," she said, "But you turn me on a bit. Would you mind eating me out -- I think I'd like to cum."

Jack was only too willing and stood there with his eyes bugging out as she quickly stripped off her clothes revealing those luscious tits and a pussy that was shaved in a cute design. Angel sat down in the armchair and spread her legs, Jack knelt in between them at first and began to lightly run his tongue around her upstanding nipples.

Although she moaned and groaned and squirmed around in the chair he wasn't sure if she faking, after all, it was her job but when he dragged his tongue downward across her belly and ended up with it in her slit she began to tremble. Feeling that this might be the real thing he opened the lips of her pussy with his fingers and began to lick up and down the sides.

Her slit was hot and moist and seemed to get more so as he flicked his long tongue like a butterfly's wing. The noises she made got louder and louder and she grabbed onto his hair and pulled it as she started to cum.

"Oh- my fucking lordie," she cried out, as her body began shaking violently and she held tighter and tighter on his hair.

When Angel had recovered she stood up and told Jack that she wanted him to fuck her and to facilitate this she raised one leg and placed it on the back of the chair as if she was a ballet dancer. He discovered that she was just the right height and stooping down a little he slipped his dick into her wet cunt.

She gasped and put her arms around his neck. At first, he had a little difficulty in keeping his balance but when he'd got a few strokes in -- it became second nature and soon he was pounding it into her as her tits brushed against his chest and her tongue found its way into his mouth.

The pace became more and more frantic and Angel was whimpering as if she was working her way up to a big scream and that came when his dick exploded inside of her and she clung onto him so tight he thought his neck would break. They both collapsed into the chair when it was all over and just held onto each other. Kimba sat and looked at them panting at about the same pace as Jack.

"Well do you think I'd pass as a porn star," he asked, running his finger around her nipples.

"We," she hesitated, "I'm not actually in the porn business, I just moved in across the street and when I saw you working in the yard with your shirt off I knew that I wanted to fuck your brains out. I actually slipped Kimba into your back yard earlier today and left the rest to fate."

"Gosh -- I can't believe you went to all this trouble to get laid," he laughed, "What the heck do you do for a living?"

She giggled, "Would you believe I'm a fucking accountant." 

THE END