 Before you read this story, Please read "Fucking Evolution" in the sci-fi section.

*****

Eric is a remarkable specimen.

He is the 19 year old son of Adam and Sarah.

He is a product of a genetic experiment started 20 years ago.

He is genetically enhanced. He is stronger and smarter than normal humans.

He is a breeder. His destiny is to breed as many women as possible.

His sperm contains special properties. It causes intense orgasms for the women.

He stands 6 feet 4 inches tall and weighs in at 210 pounds. He has a body that women drool over.

His cock is seven inches long, soft. He has complete control of how long he can fuck without cumming.

His IQ cannot be measured by normal standards due to his advanced mental abilities. He has the equivalent of 4 PhDs and speaks 7 languages. 

Eric Jensen pulls into the employee parking lot behind the No Pain No Gain exercise facility. He grabs his gym bag out of the back seat. 

He walks into the employee locker room and tosses his bag into his locker. He strips and puts on a jock, tight shorts and a tight t shirt.

He does a few stretching moves and walks into the gym. 

He walks around, looking at the people working out. He says hi to some of the trainers and a few guests he knows. 

He walks over to a treadmill and slides his employee card through the card reader and slowly starts bringing his heart rate up. 

As he breaks a light sweat, a lady steps on the treadmill next to him, swipes her member card and starts walking. 

Their eyes meet and they both smile. 

Emily is 29 years old, flaming red hair with green eyes. 5 ft 2 in tall with nice C cup sized breasts.

She is concerned about her legs. She thinks they are too thin. 

She looks back at Eric. 

"Hi there, do you work here?"

"Yes, I'm one of the trainers. My name is Eric."

"Hi Eric, my name is Emily. Nice to meet you."

"How can I help you?"

"I want to work on my legs. I'm not happy with them."

He looks at her legs.

"If you tone up your thighs, add a little bulk to you calves, and just a little ab work and you would be perfect. Its always good for a woman to have nice abs."

Everything else look very good. I could help you with that if you would like."

Her nipples perk up.

"I would love that. When can we start.?"

"I have an hour before my next appointment. We could start now."

He directs her over to a mat and tells her to lay on her back. 

"Let's start with your abs. Do five crunches for me."

"I need to watch your abs." 

He lifts her t shirt up exposing her stomach.

She does five crunches.

"Good, now do five more, I need to feel your muscles work."

He softly places his hand on her stomach. 

Her pussy tingles as she does five more.

"Not bad, we can work that into your routine. Let's go over to the leg stations."

He grabs her hands and pulls her up. She falls against his chest, feeling his hardness with her breasts.

"Oops, sorry about that."

He smiles.

"I'm not." 

She blushes.

She sits on a leg machine and places her feet on the footrests. Adam had adjusted them so they are farther apart than necessary. 

He dials up 25 pounds and tells her to do 5 thigh reps.

"I need you see your muscles work." 

He reaches down and pulls the legs of her shorts up in her crotch.

She does 5 reps.

"Give me 5 more."

"I need to feel the muscles work."

He places his hands on her thighs. Her pussy gets moist.

"Good, now 5 more." 

He places his hands on the inside of her thighs.

"Very good. They just need a little muscle tone."

"Now, give me 5 just using your feet. I'll check your calf muscles."

He holds her left calf with both hands, slowly moving his hand up and down.

"Now the other one."

"Great, just a little bulk there and you will have legs to die for. Your husband will love the finished product."

He notices a damp spot in her shorts.

"Lets check your back. You may need a little work there. Sit up and lean forward and arch your back."

He slides his hand up under her shirt. He doesn't feel a bra strap. She shivers a little.

"Now flex you back muscles real hard and hold."

He slides his hand up and down her back, softly caressing her.

"You don't need much there. Maybe a little just to keep the tone right."

"Let's call this session a freebee and I'll set you up an appointment for Saturday. Will that work for you?"

"That will be great. My husband plays golf on Saturday."

"What does you husband do for a living?"

"He sells medical equipment. His territory covers most of Southern California. He's on the road a lot."

"It must be hard not having him home every night."

"He has been with this company for five years. I try to keep myself busy while he is gone."

"No children to keep you busy?"

"We are trying, but we have trouble conceiving."

"Let's go up to the desk and set up your appointment." 

He leads her to the desk, and pencils in her name and time.

"I need your phone number in case something comes up and I can't make it."

He hands her his cell phone and she enters the number.

"Great, I'll see you Saturday at 9 am."

This one should be good. Married and lonely. 

He watches her walk out.

Emily gets into her car and reaches in back for a box of tissues. She pulls a few and reaches up the leg of her shorts and dries off her wet pussy.

She leans back and tries to get herself under control.

"Holy Shit! He is so fucking hot. I almost came in my pants."

She drives home feeling guilty for having sexy thoughts about Eric. 

The next morning, Emily wakes up and stretches. 

He session with Eric comes to mind and her pussy tingles. Her hand slides down and she rubs her pussy lips. 

She sits up and takes off her nightgown and lays back, thinking about him. 

Her hands slide up and the massages her breasts, tweaking her nipples. 

She moans and starts breathing heavier. 

She slides one hand down to her pussy and opens her lips. She moistens her finger and slides it into her pussy. 

"Ooh Eric, that feels so good. Touch me, touch me."

She sticks in another finger and speeds up. 

"Eric baby, make me cum, make me cum."

She moans and groans as she has a wonderful orgasm. 

A little guilt washes over and she calms down.

She climbs out of bed and takes a shower, goes to the and has a light breakfast.

Friday afternoon at about 2 pm, John, her husband calls, telling her he has two more appointments and some paper work to do. 

He will be home about 8pm.

She spends the next 2 hours cleaning the house, getting ready for his return.

John finally shows up at 8:30. She meets him at the door.

"Hi honey, I'm glad you're home. I'm holding dinner. It will be ready in a few minutes."

"OH great, I could eat a horse."

He flops on the couch and turns on the TV.

"Come and eat, dear"

He wanders in, sits and loads his plate.

"My favorite, thanks honey."

"I got a new trainer at the gym yesterday. We are going to work on my legs and abs."

"Yeah, what's wrong with your legs? They look pretty good to me."

"I just want them to look nice for you, honey."

They finish dinner and sit down and enjoy a movie together.

She goes to the bedroom and changes into her nightgown and gets in bed. She clicks on the TV.

An hour later, John comes to bed. She rolls over for a cuddle.

"I'm pretty tired tonight, but lets give it a go. You get on top. Maybe my sperm count is high tonight."

The next day.

Eric pulls into the employees parking lot and gets out. About four cars away he sees a guy holding a woman. 

She is hollering for help. 

He runs over and grabs the guys arm and spin him around. He slaps his hard across the face. 

The guy is stunned and looks at him in shock. 

He hits the guy in the side with a left hook, breaking 3 of his ribs. He hits him with a right in the kidney. 

He punches him square in the face, breaking his nose and knocking 3 of his teeth out. 

The guy lands flat on his back, out cold. 

He will be pissing blood for a few days.

The lady is standing there shaking and crying. He takes her in his arms and holds her.

"It's all over now, he won't bother you again. Try to calm down."

He takes his cell phone out and dials 911. He holds her and ten minutes later the cops roll up. 

He explains what happened. 

The cops look at the guy on the ground.

"What the hell happened to him?"

"umm He fell down a couple of times. He must be real clumsy."

The cops laugh. 

"Yeah, fell right on his face."

The cuff the guy and put him in the back seat. They take Eric's information and drive off.

"You ok to drive, lady?"

"I think so. I can't thank you enough for your help. Thanks for coming to my rescue."

"My name is Eric, what's yours?"

"I'm Ashley. My friends call me Ash,"

"Maybe I can buy you lunch as a payback."

"I can't make it today. How about tomorrow?"

"That will be great, my husband is out of town, so I have all day."

He enters his number in her cell phone.

"I should be free by 11 am, call me."

She gives him a big smile and goes to her car. He watches her tight ass as she walks away.

He goes in the locker room and takes off his shirt. It's covered in blood. He puts on a clean one and heads out to find Emily.

He sees her on the treadmill. He walks up and watches her ass for a few minutes.

"Hi Emily, I see you started without me."

"Just getting warmed up for you. Are we ready to start my routine?"

"Let me check your heart rate."

"It's up a little, give me 5 more minutes here and then we can do come crunches."

He watches her ass some more and notices she isn't wearing a bra. 

He reaches around and raises the speed. Her breasts are getting a good workout too. 

He walks around the machine, looking at her body, like a professional. 

Actually his perving on her. He checks her heart rate again.

"OK, crunch time."

She lays on the mat and starts her crunches. 

He kneels between her feet holding them down. He can see she has no panties on.

"That's good, keep going till you feel some burn."

He reaches up and puts his hand on her stomach. Her pussy tingles.

"It's starting to burn."

"OK, give me 5 more."

She stops, breathing hard.

"That's great, I could feel your abs working."

"OK, leg time."

He has set the foot rests a little wider.

"Let's start with your calf muscles. Give me 20 reps with each foot. Then stop for an minute, then go with both till you feel the burn."

He stands at her feet, looking up her shorts. He sees a little moisture.

He feels of her calf muscles, sliding his hand up and down.

"Yeah, that's good. You're working them just right."

"They're burning"

"OK, stop. Let me massage them a little."

He caresses her legs, and she gets wetter.

"OK, now your thighs. Here's how to do them. First, lift your pelvis a little, clench your butt cheeks and then push slowly. You can work all three groups that way. Give me ten, relax for a minute and then go for the burn."

She starts and he puts his hand just above her pussy and presses down.

"Push up harder."

She stops after ten and breaths deep.

"That's great. Rest and then go for it."

She starts again and he sees a little pussy juice on the bench.

"That's good, I can see it working."

He puts his hands on the inside of her thighs, moving them up and down. He puts his hands just above her pussy again and holds her down.

"Push up hard. Yeah, that's it."

"Burning, burning."

"OK, lay back and relax. I'll massage the burn off for you."

He starts rubbing up and down her thighs, bumping her pussy each time he goes up. She doesn't stop him. 

"Oh! That's so good. The burn is almost gone. Keep going."

More pussy juice leaks on the bench. He stops with his hand holding her pussy and looks into her eyes.

"You have nice hands."

He lifts her off the bench and hands her a towel.

"You need to dry off a little."

"Thanks, I sure do."

She wipes off the bench and the inside of her thighs.

"I missed breakfast, let's get some lunch."

"Good idea. Let's go to my place. I make a mean lunch."

He smiles.

"You lead the way, I'll follow you."

They walk into her house.

"Come in the kitchen, I'll make some coffee."

He feels she needs to talk, so he doesn't push it.

She makes some coffee and sits down beside him.

"You looked a little down when I first saw you this morning. If you need to talk, I'm here."

"You're so kind, but I don't want to lay all my burdens on you."

"I have big strong shoulders. Lay it one me."

"You sure do"

"OK, here goes. We are trying to get pregnant, and John's sperm count is way too low. We keep trying but it won't happen. That's why I invited you here. I want your baby. I didn't think I'm pretty enough for you to accept my offer."

He pulls her on his lap facing him, her legs around him.

She kisses him full on the lips and sticks her tongue between his lips. He licks her lips and their tongues meet. 

She shivers and hold him close, arms around his neck. 

Her pussy is flooding.

The kiss heats up and they are both breathing hard. 

He pushes her back a little and takes off his t shirt. 

He slowly unbuttons her blouse and drops it on the floor. 

He pulls her naked breasts against his chest, and she cries out.

"Oh my god, you feel so good in my arms. Hold me, hold me."

Her pussy is leaking juice all over both of them.

He stands up, holding her by her ass cheeks.

" The bedroom is just down the hall."

He carries her into the bedroom and stands her beside the bed. 

He reaches down and pulls her shorts down. They fall around her ankles. She kicks them away and stands there, showing her body to him.

His mouth falls open and he admires her. 

She smiles, unbuttons his shorts and pulls them down with his jock.

She looks down at his cock and gasps.

"Holy shit! That is the most beautiful cock I've ever seen. It must be eight at least."

"Ten, actually."

She reaches out and takes it in her hand. It feels so hot. 

"Oh my, what a beauty."

She kneels down to get a closer look. She licks her lips, and kisses the head.

Eric groans.

"This makes John's look like a little hot dog"

She slides her lips over the head and starts sucking on it.

Eric groans louder.

She tries to get it down her throat, but it is too big and she gags on it.

He lifts her and sits her on the bed. He kneels between her legs and pushes her onto her back. He gently caresses the inside of her thighs and she open her legs. 

She knows what's coming.

He slowly kisses her thighs, working his way up to her pussy. 

She has a wonderful woman smell, and he inhales deeply. 

He reaches out with his tongue and lightly touches her pussy lips. She squeals and thrusts her hips up.

He lifts her legs and licks her from her pink asshole to her clit. 

She screams loud enough for the neighbors to hear. The last thing she is thinking about is John or the neighbors. 

He sticks his tongue into her hole and lick all around it.

She is going crazy, humping his face. 

He places his tongue on her clit and presses hard. She screams and has an orgasm. 

He holds pressure on it and she keeps coming. Her legs are waving in the air, uncontrollably. 

He takes his tongue off her clit and she collapses like a rag doll. He lets her calm down a little.

"Oh god. Eric. You are a master pussy eater. I've never cum that many time. Never, never."

He starts again, licking her pussy lips. 

She grabs his head and pushes it into her pussy, moaning loudly.

He attacks her clit again and she screams through another orgasm.

He scoots her over to the middle of the bed and pulls her on top of him. 

Her pussy is still twitching and humping on him.

She finally calms down. She starts kissing him all over his face, neck and chest.

His cock is raging now, and he slides her down so the head is touching her pussy lips. She slides down and feels the head stretch her pussy open.

"Oh god, it's so big, it feels like a baseball bat in me."

She slides down on it taking more in her.

He pulls her down, going deeper and deeper. She cries out. 

"Put it all the way in. I want it all. Please please."

She gives a strong push and bottoms out, nudging her cervix. 

She screams, cums and leaks pussy juice all over his balls and ass. 

He pulls her slowly up and she thrusts hard again. She cums again. 

He pulls out again, just leaving the head in. He drops her and gravity pushes his cock in her. 

She wants it all and starts humping her pelvis against his pelvis bone. He holds her hips and lets her work on it. She is going crazy.

"Don't cum again, Stop just before you cum. You can't cum till I give you permission. Don't cum."

"Please let me cum, please please."

"Don't cum yet."

"I want to cum, please let me cum, I want it, I want it."

"I'm almost there. Get ready for it."

"Oh yes, make me cum and give me your cum too, please cum in me please please."

He starts thrusting deep in her pussy. She is thrusting her pussy against him.

"Cum in me now, please, give me your cum. I want your cum in me. Please please."

"Now, now you can cum. Cum on my cock."

He can't hold out any longer. He slams all the way in and releases a huge load of cum all over her cervix. 

She screams out as his hot cum fills her pussy. They keep thrusting and he squirts load after load on her cervix. 

Finally his balls are empty and she falls on him, trying to catch her breath.

She finally rolls off him and snuggles up to his side, laying her head in the hollow of his shoulder. Her body is still twitching. 

She reaches down and grabs his cock.

"Damn, that thing is a deadly weapon. Where did you learn to fuck like that. That was the best I ever had."

She reaches down and pulls the covers up over them and throws a leg over him and they drift off to sleep.

He wakes her up at about 2 am and they make mad passionate love again, and her gives her another huge load of cum. She gladly takes it.

The wake the next morning, and she can hardly move. 

She has been thoroughly fucked and bred.

They get in the shower and wash each other with loving hands, He fucks her again from behind just to make sure there is enough seed in her.

He dresses and kiss her good bye and head to his apartment. 

He waits for a call from his damsel in distress.

Eric is on his computer, busy learning his 8th language. His cell phone rings.

"Hi Eric, It's Ash. Ready to get some lunch. 

I want to reward my knight in shining armour."

"I'm ready, where do you want to meet."

She gives him the address.

"Got it. See you in 20 minutes."

He sees her walking toward him. She walks with grace like he has never seen. She is wearing a white, almost transparent blouse, a short pink mini skirt and white sandals. 

He sees her D breasts swaying gently back and forth. Her nipples are showing through the blouse. 

A little gust of wind blows the front of her skirt up and he sees a bald pussy. 

His cock fills with blood. Her legs are long and trim, with just a hint of thigh gap. 

He is thinking that is going to be a really nice lunch.

She walks up to him and puts both arms around his neck. 

"My hero." 

She presses her breasts against his chest. He reaches down and holds her my her naked ass cheeks and pulls her against his bulging cock. She gasps and hold him tight.

"Screw lunch, let's go somewhere so we can be alone."

"I like the way you think."

He takes her hand and leads her to his car.

"Which way to your place?"

The arrive at her house.

He gets out and walks around to help her out. 

Her skirt slides up as she gets out, showing her wet pussy to him.
