 Eric is on his way to Las Vegas. 

He breaks over the hill and sees the city spread out before him. 

He takes the exit to go through the strip. 

He pulls into the valet parking at the Bellagio Casino. He checks in and goes up to his room. 

He decides he wants to rent a house. 

He calls a rental agency and sets up an appointment. 

He goes out with the agent and finds a two bedroom, two bath with a wet bar. pool and a hot tub. 

It comes with a fridge, range and a washer and dryer. 

Perfect. 

He signs the rental agreement. He goes to a furniture store and buys a bed, sofa, recliner, big screen TV and some pool furniture. 

He pays cash and wants same day delivery. 

He goes to Walmart and buys some kitchen stuff. On the way back to his house he stops off and stocks up on food.

He gets his house all set up, moves in. 

That evening he heads to a casino.

He walks in and takes a look around.

He sees a beautiful lady sitting at a blackjack table. 

He sits down one seat from her. 

She looks up at him and flashes a big smile. He returns her smile.

Hi, my name is Eric, what's yours?"

"I'm Terry, nice to meet you."

"Doing any good or are they taking all your money.?"

"Winning a little and losing a little."

"Do you live here in Vegas or are you visiting?"

"I'm from San Diego."

"San Diego is nice. Lots of nice beaches, good weather, and not too much traffic."

"I love it there. I was born there and all my family still lives there. We are hooked on it."

The chat and play for a while.

"Can I buy you a drink? I'm not doing well here."

"OK, they have enough of my money too."

They sit at a table and order a drink.

"So, what's a beautiful lady like you doing here all alone?"

"I'm getting a divorce. Two more days and it's final."

"Sorry, I don't mean to pry into you personal affairs."

"It's ok, 

My parents are helping me out with it. I'm daddy's little girl. He takes good care of me."

"It's good to have family support through tough times."

He reaches over and takes her hand in his.

"You have beautiful hands. Those are some good looking back scratchers you have there."

He leans over and kisses her hand. He sees goose bumps come up on her arm.

She feels her nipples perk up.

She looks into his eyes.

"You have beautiful eyes, steel gray. You don't see that often."

"I got them from my father. He says gray eyes can see into someones soul. Lean over here and let me look into yours."

She leans over and he kisses her on the lips. She doesn't pull back. 

He slides his tongue out and caresses her lips. She gasps and opens her mouth. 

Their tongues meet and do a little dance. 

Her breathing increases. 

They hold the kiss for a while and he leans back and gives her a big smile.

"You are not only beautiful, but a great kisser. Did you take kissing 101 in college?"

"I got a 4.0 in that class."

"I believe that"

"There is a dance floor over there. Shall we?"

"Oh yes. I haven't danced in ages."

He takes her hand and leads her to a table a little away from the band. 

They start a slow set and he takes her hand and leads her to the floor. 

He pulls her close and she lays her head on his shoulder. 

She takes a deep breath and relaxes against him. 

He holds her close and slides his hand down, just above her ass cheeks. She sighs again. 

He gently pulls her against his cock. She doesn't resist.

He pulls her closer and she pushes against his cock. 

Her nipples are hard and her pussy starts getting moist. She sighs again and pulls him closer. 

He leans down and kisses her on the neck. She squeaks a little. 

"Careful, that's my hot spot."

He moves his head to the other side and kisses her on that side. 

She groans and leans her head over giving in to his kisses. 

Her nipples grow and her pussy leaks more juice. 

He kisses her on the lips and sticks his tongue in. She responds in kind. 

Pussy juice starts to run down her leg.

"Your kisses are driving me crazy. Either stop or come to my room with me."

"Let me think, stop or room?"

"Do I have stupid written on my forehead?"

On the ride up, they kiss and fondle each other. 

They both are breathing heavy. 

She opens her door and they walk in. 

She locks the door and jumps into his arms. 

"Oh god, you make me so hot."

She feels his hard cock pressing against her stomach. 

He reaches down and lifts the back of her dress and runs his hands insider her panties. 

She moans and pushes against his cock. 

With one hand he reaches for her zipper and pulls it down. 

She helps him take it off and it falls around her ankles. She isn't wearing a bra. 

She pulls his shirt up and over his head and pulls his chest to her breasts. 

He groans and holds her tight.

"You feel good against me, It's been so long since I've been in a man's arms." 

She rubs her hard nipples over his chest. 

He attacks her neck again. She leans her head over out of the way. 

Her knees grow weak and she holds on with both arms around his neck. 

Her pelvis is twitching involuntarily. 

He pulls her close and holds her against his cock. 

He reaches down and pulls her panties down. 

They fall on her dress. 

He grabs her by her ass cheeks and holds her.

He sits her on the bed and she starts undressing him. 

She pulls his pants and briefs down at the same time. 

She sees his huge cock and her mouth drops open.

"Wow. That is huge. How big is it?"

"Nine or ten. I never measured it."

"I've never seen anything that big. It makes my ex husbands look like a vienna sausage."

She reaches out, pulls him to her. 

She holds his cock with both hands and kisses the head. 

Eric moans. 

She takes it in her mouth and licks and sucks on it. 

Eric's knees go weak and he sits on the bed. 

She hangs on to it as he moves. 

She kneels between his legs and tries to throat him but she gags and quits trying.

"You're so big, I can't do that. I love using my throat, but It's just to big."

He doesn't want his seed there. 

He want her to beg for it in her pussy. He loves to make his women beg.

He pulls her off his cock and lifts her and sits her astride his legs.

Holding her beautiful breasts to him, he leans down and kisses her neck. 

She squeaks again. 

He lick and kisses all around her neck. 

Her pussy leaks juice on his legs. 

He moves down and sucks on her nipples. 

She groans as he teases them with his lips and tongue. 

She is moaning and humping on him. 

He rolls her off and attacks her neck again. She goes wild, moaning and groaning. 

He kisses his way down to her pussy and kisses the top of her lips. 

She opens her legs for him. 

He grabs her legs and lifts them up, exposing her pussy and asshole. 

He licks her from her asshole to her clit. 

She screams and squirts pussy juice all over his face. 

He drinks what he can and rubs his face in her pussy. 

She grabs his head and pulls it to her.

"Oh god, that's wonderful, You are a great pussy eater."

"I got a 4.0 in pussy eating 101."

Time to make her beg for it.

He slides up and put the head of his cock against her pussy lips. 

She starts thrusting to get it in. He holds it away from her, keeping the head in contact with her lips.

"Do you want it now?"

"Oh yes, I am ready. Can't you feel how wet I am."

He pushes a little increasing the pressure.

"Are you sure you want it?"

"Please give it to me, I want it all, but I want you to pull out and cum on my tits. I'm not on birth control"

"I'll put my cum anywhere you want it. Just tell me where."

"Just put that thing in me. I want you to stretch me out with that big cock. I've never had one that big."

He pushes the head in, feeling her pussy lips stretch.

"I can feel it going in. It's so big. Go easy so it won't hurt so much."

"Do you want all of it. Tell me."

"Please, give it all to me. I want it all."

He slowly slides it in.

"Oh oh, easy, you're so big."

He slams the last two inches in and bottoms out. 

She screams in pain and pleasure and cums on his cock.

"Oh, oh, oh, That hurts so good. I feel full. Full of beautiful cock."

He grinds his pelvis bone on her clit and she goes wild. Humping as fast as she can.

"Are you ready to cum again, baby."

"Oh yes, I'm almost there, help me cum. I want to cum all over your cock."

"Don't cum yet, hold back for me."

"I'm almost there. I want to cum on you."

"No, don't cum yet, wait for me."

"It's hard to hold back. Please let me cum."

"You can't cum till I do. Wait for me. Wait, wait.

"No, I want to cum."

"Not till I tell you to. Wait for me."

He gently presses his bone on her clit, holding her on the edge. "I want to cum with you. I'm going to cum in you."

"No, I might get a baby."

"You can't cum till I do. Hold it, and wait for me."

"Please let me cum. I want it so much. Please, please."

'No, you can't cum without me. I want to cum the same time as you."

"Please, anything, just let me cum. Please please."

"I'm going to cum in you, hold on. Here we go."

"Yes yes, cum in me. Anything. Just let me cum. Give me your cum. Please please."

He speeds up and explodes in deep in her pussy. 

They both scream in ecstasy.

"Yes. Yes. Yes. So good. Hot cum. Hot. Hot. Hot. Oh god. So hot."

Her pussy milks his cock as he unloads his balls in her. 

She milks it, getting the last drop. She locks her ankles around his ass holding him in her. 

Her pussy is twitching and milking him. 

He rolls off her and pulls her to him and their breathing slows.

"Baby, you are great. I came so hard, like never before. 

My husband never made me cum like that."

"Your pussy is amazing. I couldn't hold back. You drove me crazy."

"Just hold me. You feel so nice in my arms."

Eric's seed swims into her cervix.

They cuddle for a while and fall asleep.

The next morning, he wakes first and gently kisses and licks her nipples. 

She moans and wakes up. She holds his head to her breasts and squeaks a little. He attacks her neck. She moans. 

"Oh god, that feels so good. You make me so hot I can't say no to you. Love me again, please love me again. It's been so long. I need more."

He pulls her on top of him and holds his cock against her pussy lips.

"Oh yes, give it to me. I want it again. It feels so good in me."

He thrusts all the way in and hits bottom. She screams and cums on his cock.

"OH oh oh god. So good. So good. You are so good in me."

He starts stroking in her, faster and faster. She moans and groans and helps him. Faster and faster.

He feels his orgasm coming.

"I'm ready to cum. Are you ready?"

"Yes, yes. Cum with me. I want your cum. I can't say no to you. Give it to me. Please please."

She screams and holds him deep in her pussy as he unloads another batch of seed in her.

They calm down a little.

"Lets go get some breakfast. I'm starving."

While they are eating he suggests they go to his house and hang out by the pool. 

She agrees and they drive to his house.

"Eric, I didn't bring a swim suit."

He smiles "Good"

He helps her out of her clothes and tosses her in the pool. 

She squeals when she feels his power and strength. 

He quickly takes his clothes off and dives in. He comes up behind her and dunks her. 

She comes up sputtering and tries to dunk him. He lets her get even. 

He pulls her toward the shallow end and pulls her to this chest, crushing her breasts against him. 

She wraps her legs around him and he hold the head of his cock against her pussy lips. 

Her eyes roll back in her head and she tries to push his cock in. He holds back.

"Do you want me?"

"Oh god, you know I do. Please let me have it."

"Are you sure you want it?"

"Yes yes, please let me have it. Please please."

He slowly slides into her.

He holds her by her ass cheeks and pulls her to him, burying his cock in her. 

She screams as she cums on his cock as he hits bottom. 

He slams into her as he feels his orgasm rising. Harder and harder. 

She hangs on matching his thrusts. 

The both scream as he cums deep in her. She passes out in his arms. 

He carries her to a lounge chair and lays her down. He can see his juice running out of her pussy. 

He smiles.

She comes around in a few minutes.

"Oh Eric darling, what are you doing to me. I feel like a sex maniac with you. You turn me on so much." 

She crawls on his lap and snuggles in. When you hold me I feel so happy.

He carries her to the hot tub sits with her on his lap. 

She kisses him all over his face and neck.

"I can't get enough of you. Hold me some more."

They finally break apart and go in for some lunch.

"Honey, what do you want for naked lunch."

"Besides you, how about some sandwiches."

He stands behind her holding one hand on her breast and one on her pussy while she makes lunch. 

His half hard cock against her back.

"I thought you might need some help while you make lunch."

"Yeah, that helps all right. It helps me stay wet."

They relax the rest of the day in and out of the pool, hot tub and her pussy. 

That evening they make up a light dinner. 

They watch TV for a while and she leads him to bed. 

They cuddle up spooning and fall asleep.

Terry wakes the next morning and is alone in bed. 

She hears noise in the kitchen and goes to investigate. 

Eric is making breakfast.

"Today is naked day. No clothes for either of us. Don't even think about covering that beautiful body."

"You either, lover. I love seeing you naked too. You are a hunk. I could look at you all day."

"Grab some food and let's get in the hot tub."

They lounge around all day, chatting, swimming, hot tubing and fucking.

After dark, she fixes dinner. They eat their fill. 

He leads her to the bedroom and she pushes him on the bed.

She snuggles up to him and he holds her close.

"Baby, you feel so good in my arms. I could hold you forever."

He smiles down at her and kisses her on the forehead.

She lays next to him and slowly caresses his chest and stomach. 

She feels so happy with him. 

She reaches down and holds his cock. It starts to rise as she gently strokes him.

"Look honey, It's getting big. What a wonderful cock you have."

"What do you expect, A beautiful woman is stroking it."

She gets between his legs and starts sucking his cock. 

He groans. 

She tries to throat him, but he is just too big.

"I wish I could deep throat it for you. It's just too big. 

She keeps sucking on it and it comes up to full hard. 

She climbs on top and slowly slides it up in her pussy. 

The both groan. 

She lays on his chest while slowly humping on him. 

He holds her close and she kisses his chest and neck. 

He reaches down and grabs her ass cheeks and pulls her on him. 

He slides his hand down to her wet pussy and gets his finger wet. 

He slides it into her little pink asshole and she scream and cums all over him.

"Oh my god. That was a surprise, You made me cum all over you. You are the sexiest lover in the world. Now, I'm gonna make you cum, so hang on."

She starts sliding up and down, stopping to grind her clit now and then. 

She feels his cock swelling and she feels her orgasm coming on. 

She speeds up and he pushes hard into her and they both cum at the same time. 

She screams as he gives her another load of sperm.

"Oh, oh, oh, oh god. So good. So good. Your cock is so good. I can't get enough."

He moans as he cums in her, holding her ass cheeks and pulling her down. 

She falls on his chest and kisses him all over his neck and chest.

"You are so good for me, Eric. So good."

The fuck like newlyweds till she has to go home. 

The go to the hotel and pack her clothes. He drives her to the airport.

"Leaving you is the hardest thing I've ever done. We are so good together. This is the best time I ever had. I'm really going to miss you, but I have to go and you have to stay. I'll always remember you, Eric."

"I'll never forget you, Terry. You are an amazing lady. Thanks for being with me.

She kisses him, turns and walks to her loading gate. He turns and goes to his car. 

"She will be a good mother for out child."

He goes back to his house and hangs out till evening rolls around. 

He takes a shower, dresses and heads for a casino. 

As he walks through, he see three beautiful ladies sitting at a table by the bar. 

As he approaches, he see one jab the others in the ribs. 

She says something and all three look at him and flash big smile at him. 

He smiles back as he walks by. 

He sits at a blackjack table. He buys in $1000. 

He wonder if the three ladies will show. 

Sure enough, fifteen minutes later they take seats at his table. 

They all smile at him and he returns their smile. They ask his name.

"I'm Eric, what are your names."

"I'm Tina, this is Barb and Heather."

"Nice to meet such beautiful ladies. Let's win some money."

The play for a while.

Eric says:"I haven't had dinner, How about we go eat. My treat."

As if on cue, all three say "Yes"

They go cash in their chips and walk to the dinning room. 

The girls elbow each other around trying to get the seat next to Eric. 

Tina and Barb win. 

Eric orders a bottle of Dom.

"Oh, my," Tina says. "Dom makes my clothes fall off."

Heather says:"So does a glass of water."

They all laugh.

"What brings you beautiful ladies to Vegas?"

"We come here twice a year and try to spend as much of our husbands money as possible."

"How are you doing so far?"

"We just got started. We have all weekend left."

Eric excuses himself and goes to the men's room. 

When he comes back, 

Tina asks:"Have you ever had three women attack you.?"

He laughs. "I had two once, but never three."

"So, do you think your up to it? We might kill you."

"I'll give it my best shot. Let's go for it."

They walk into the room and Eric turns around.

"OK, lets see what you brought to the party."

All three girls take off their clothes. Eric's mouth fall open. They are hot.

"So, what do you think, big boy."

"Holy crap, you three are beautiful."

They rush Eric and quickly take off his clothes. 

They all stop and gasp when they see his cock.

"Barb says. "Wow, look at the size of that cock. That thing belongs on a horse."

Eric puts his hands behind his head and shakes his hips, swinging his cock back and forth. 

They all lick their lips. Eric sits on the bed and asks who is first. 

Tina says;"I won the draw. I'm first."

She walks over to Eric and kneels down in front of him. 

She grabs his cock and starts sucking and licking it. 

Eric moans. 

She pushes him to the middle of the bed and the other two gather around to watch. 

She sucks his cock some more. 

She climbs over his and settles just over his cock.

"OK Tina, fuck him, fuck him." Barb says.

"I gotta go slow. This thing will rip me open."

She lowers her pussy onto the head and pushes down slowly. 

The head pops in, stretching her pussy lips open. She groans. 

"Come on Tina, you can do it. Take it all."

She slowly slides down on his cock, stretching her pussy out. 

She bottoms out and cries out as she cums all over his cock.

She slowly starts moving up and down on his cock. 

Eric groans. She goes faster and faster.

"Come on Tina, fuck his brains out. Go girl."

She screams as an orgasm flows out from her pussy. 

Eric flexes his cock and she screams again. 

"Don't cum in me, I can't take the pill. Cum on my tits."

He flips her on her back and starts stroking deep in her pussy. 

She moans and groans as he pounds her pussy. 
