 I first saw her at work in the typing pool. 

I was introduced and she smiled. 

I was knocked out from the moment that smile lit up the room. 

Eventually, she moved to another building, at almost the same time as I did. 

I recall looking up from my desk and there she was, sitting facing me. She smiled and I sat there infatuated.

Day after day, she'd come out to a small cupboard to get a cup for her coffee break; she always wore a light blue uniform. 

It was cut to the length of a mini, and was combined with black stockings and black medium heels. 

She had legs that went all the way up to her arse and made a cunt out of them selves. I'd perv my brains out every time she wandered out to that cupboard.

On occasion, I'd follow her up the stairs, she didn't seem to realise I could see what she'd had for breakfast and I wasn't about to tell her.

As time passed, we began to spend more time together, attending social functions for work, or even private functions connected to someone at work. 

After about 12 months, it was generally accepted that we'd go to most things together, though at that stage, that's all there was to it.

One evening, we'd attended a bash in a large Hotel. Carmel had been drinking, something she obviously wasn't used to, leaving her open to a move by me. I called a cab, and we kissed passionately all the way home.

The ice had been broken and I'd got to cover her body very well during our session in the cab. 

She was perfect, not only great legs, but the hottest body, and a great butt. 

Her boobs were tiny but still a nice handful and I imagined very pretty to look at, not that I'd seen them yet.

She was only 18 at the time, and not the least bit worldly. The fact was, she was a virgin and she didn't have a clue about the birds and bees.

A fact that made her all the more appealing to me, as I just loved taking advantage of innocent girls.

Time went by, we had quiet a few sessions, all of them going that little bit further. 

My signal came one evening when, as I was passionately kissing her, she, without even realising she was doing it, began to pelvic thrust on my upper leg, as she responded to my tongue in her mouth and my hands all over her. 

It was so arousing to see this innocent lamb, doing something, that if she realised it, would embarrass her no end. But there I was, as her sexual desire was finally awoken, feeling this sexy girl/woman dry rooting my leg, completely unaware of her involuntary movements.

Date after date, passionate kiss after kiss, grope after grope, slowly but surely, I made my progress. Every time, the desire in her, growing more and more, until I eventually booked a Motel to take the final step.

Like a lamb to the slaughter, she followed me inside. I'd made sure the room was dark and warm, and started my moves as soon as we sat down. 

It took about an hour to get her so aroused so that she didn't even notice me unzipping her skirt. 

My cock was bursting with arousal, I was loving the erotic thought of the deflowering of this full grown but completely innocent virgin, as I carefully proceeded.

There was no conversation, it was full on lust that kept us both quietly proceeding, each of us enjoying the feelings that go with such an event. 

Carmel had no clue what to do, she simply placed her trust in me and was allowing me to do whatever I wanted, whilst at the same time, I was being very careful not to cause her any kind of embarrassment, but all along, wanting nothing more than to have my rock hard cock, soaking in her hot, wet, tight, cunt.

After an hour or so, we were both totally naked, the smell of her fresh young flesh, the loveliness of the feel of her skin against mine, the throbbing madness of my pulsating cock.

I had her sitting naked on my lap, with her legs spread wide, facing me, passionately embracing her. 

I carefully placed my cock at her entrance. To my surprise, she just slid down and over my cock, covering it without the slightest problem, and almost instantly, I was fully inside her. 

God it was so thrilling, so wonderful, I'd just penetrated her virgin pussy with such ease. She was dripping wet and so lubricated. 

What with the buckets of pre cum from my over aroused cock and her own juices from her own arousal, there simply wasn't any resistance.

I held her, continued to kiss and feel her, my cock was in the hottest cunt it had ever experienced and my little innocent virgin was no more. 

It was so hot, so exciting and soon I found myself exploding into her unprotected womb, like I'd never cum before.

She began to shudder, to almost spasm, it was obvious this just hadn't happened to her before, she hadn't even masturbated. 

This was her first orgasm and she didn't know what was happening to her. 

I watched as I saw her face show concern, she looked at me, without speaking, but asking, if she was ok, what was she feeling, what was happening? It was all just so incredible to be a part of. 

Carmel was the most innocent virgin I'd ever encountered. I'd known her for two years, since she was 18, she was now 20, and had just had her first fuck and orgasm and it all happened on my cock. God what a moment. 

Next day she was all embarrassed, but she was also wanting another session, I went to her office, locked her door, undressed her, even though she protested, and laid her on her desk, where I proceeded to lick her pussy. 

I looked up, I could see she was dying with embarrassment, but absolutely so excited by what I was doing, she was completely unable to stop me.

Her gorgeous naked body began to thrust, she was my sex thing, I had her hooked, I could take her whenever I wanted and I was making sure, every fix I gave her, would have her wanting more. 

I slipped two fingers into her, I heard her say "yes, there" and continued my attack on her sensitive little pussy and clit until she exploded in my mouth, finally pushing me away because she couldn't handle the contact any more. 

I grabbed her knickers, wiped my mouth, watched as she dressed and when she was adjusted, left her office without a single word.

That evening my phone rang, it was Carmel, she started to speak, but hesitated, I said go ahead Carm say what's on your mind, surely there's nothing left to hide between us. 

The words she said got me so hot, she said, I can't stop thinking about what you did today, when I do, it makes me feel like it did when you were touching me there with your tongue, it makes me feel all funny.

My cock was hard with arousal and triumph, I owned her, she'd be my little sex slave forever. 

No one can ever impress her as much as her first, especially if it's done well. 

I had this wet pussied, little trainee whore, on a string, she was my new plaything and I'd reward her every time, with the hottest most surprising and exciting things, which until recently, she'd never have thought herself capable of engaging in.