 Eric is leaving Las Vegas, on his way to San Diego County. 

South bound on I 15, he stops in Escondido for lunch. 

He decides to settle in La Jolla. A well to do area on the coast. 

Upon arrival, he checks with a local real estate office and settles on a two bedroom two bath, furnished apartment overlooking the ocean. 

He shops around and gets all the minor stuff for his house.

He thinks this will be a good spot due to the legendary beach girls of Southern California.

The next day, he packs up a cooler with some beer and snacks. 

Puts on a tight swim suit, a pair of shorts and a t shirt. 

He grabs a blanket and makes his way to the beach. 

He stakes his claim to a spot near the bottom of the stairs that lead down to the beach. 

He spreads his blanket and lays out, soaking up some rays.

A few teenage girls walk by, look at him and giggle and walk on. 

Soon a beautiful blonde spreads her blanket about fifteen feet away. 

Eric sits up and checks her out. She is smokin. 

She rubs sunscreen all over her beautiful skin lays on her back. 

Her firm D cup breasts stick straight up. 

After about fifteen minutes, she rolls over, looks at Eric and flashes him a big smile. He smiles back at her.

"Hey, I have some extra beer here. Interested?"

"A cold beer would would sounds great. It's getting dry out here."

She gets up and drags her blanket and stuff over next to Eric. 

He stands up and holds out his hand. 

I'm Eric, pull up a blanket and sit down."

"I'm Sue, nice to meet you."

He holds her hand just a little too long and says. "The pleasure is all mine."

She spreads her blanket and sits down. 

He sees a wedding ring and smiles.

"Are you on vacation or do you live here?"

"I just moved down her two days ago from Vegas. I thought some time at the beach would be a good change of pace."

"What do you do you do for a living.?"

"I'm a business and marketing consultant, and I own some small shopping centers."

She is impressed.

"I see you're married, what does your husband do?"

"He is a real estate developer. We live in Alpine, but he rents an apartment for me during the summer. He spoils me a lot."

"It's hard to say no to a beautiful woman."

She smiles and sticks her breasts out a little.

"You look a little red there on your back. Would you like me to rub some sunscreen on that?"

Her sees her headlights come on. 

She hands him a tube of sunscreen, scoots over near him and turns her back to him. 

He squirts some on his hands and rubs it on her shoulders. 

He notices a little shiver. 

He squirts more on his hands and starts down her back. 

He unties her top. 

"This is in the way." 

She holds her top over her breasts with out protesting. 

He spreads the oil all around her back, then going up her side to the sides of her breasts. 

She shivers again, but doesn't move away.

"There, that should hold you for a while."

He reties her top loosely. Her nipples are like bullets poking out against her top.

"Thanks, that was nice. I don't want to burn."

The chat a while about nothing and he asks.

"I hear they have nude only beaches here. Is that true?"

She smiles. 

"Yes, a couple."

"I've never been to one, have you?

"I went once last year. Lots of horny college boys there."

"It probably would be ok if you had someone to keep them away."

"Maybe you could show me where they are one day"

"Yeah, maybe."

"Well, Sue. I have a couple of appointments I have to keep. Maybe I'll see you here tomorrow."

"I'm usually here every day."

"I have one beer left. You're welcome to it."

"No thanks, one a day is my limit."

"Later."

He walks away. She watches his tight ass as he goes up the stairs. She smiles.

The next day, Eric makes his way down the stairs. 

He sees Sue sitting on her blanket. 

Two guys are standing over her.

Someone messing with my woman. Bad idea.

"Hi Sue, nice to see you again."

The guys look like college football players. 

Each are about six feet tall, two hundred pounds. 

He extends his hand to one. 

Hi guys, my name is Eric. He takes Eric's hand. 

Eric squeezes down on his hand. 

They all hear a crunch.

The guys face goes pale and his knees start shaking. 

The other guy see this and steps back. 

Eric extends his hand to the other guy, and he backs away and they both start walking away. 

"That fucker broke my hand."

"Let's go kick his ass."

"You go ahead, I'll watch." 

The both continue down the beach.

Sue jumps up.

"Oh god, thanks Eric. They were really coming on strong."

"Ah, just some college boys with too much testosterone. They won't bother us again."

She gives him a big hug. 

He feels her firm breasts against his chest. She feels his hard body. 

Her headlights are on again, and her pussy twitches. 

His bulge gets bigger.

"What do you say, let's blow this place off and go to that nude beach. I want to see what it's like"

She smiles, picks up her stuff and starts walking to the stairs. He catches up with her.

"My car is here at the top. Let's take it."

Sue directs him to the other beach. 

The get out and grab all their stuff and walk down a little trail to the beach. 

There are a few nude couples around laying on blankets. No big crowd. 

The walk up the beach a little way and see a big rock sticking up from the sand. 

They walk behind the rock.

"Let's try this spot, OK?"

Eric looks around and sees that the nearest couple are about fifty yards away. 

He spreads their blanket and they sit down.

"Who's first, you or me?"

"Let's do paper, rock scissors. Loser gets naked first."

She loses. 

She reaches behind her and unties her top, holds it a minute and looks into Eric's eyes. 

She smiles and lets her top fall on the blanket. Eric's jaw drops a little and she giggles.

The she unties her bottoms and lets them drop. Her pussy is clean shaved.

"Nice, huh?"

"Way past nice. You are so beautiful. I could look at you all day."

She puts her hands behind her head and shakes a little making her breasts sway.

"A little booby show for my knight in shinning armour."

"OK, it's your turn."

He slowly pulls his shorts down and his half hard eight inches pops out.

"Oh fuck, that is huge."

She can't take her eyes off his cock. She licks her lips and stares at it.

"My eyes are up here"

That breaks the tension and they both laugh. 

She keeps glancing at his cock. 

Her nipples get really hard and her pussy gets wet.

"OK, paper, rock, scissors for who gets to receive the sunscreen first. Winner receives."

She wins. 

She lays down on her stomach. 

Eric checks out her beautiful ass. 

She spreads her legs a little to let him see her pussy from the back. 

He grabs the tube of oil and squirts some on his hands. 

He starts with her feet, working his way up her legs.

He stops just below her butt and does her shoulders and back, saving the best for last. 

He kneels astride her leg and lets his cock lays on her thigh. 

Her leg twitches. 

He softly rubs some on her shoulders, working his way down to her ass. 

He goes back of her thighs and then goes for the inside of her thighs. 

He slowly moves his hands up and rubs against her pussy lips. 

Her pussy juice is dripping on the blanket. 

She moans and opens her legs wider. 

He runs his hand down her ass crack to her pussy and pushes his finger in. 

He ass twitches and she moans. 

He pussy is soaked. 

He rolls her over and starts on her feet again, looking at her open pussy lips. 

He works his way up to her pussy, and then up to her breasts. 

He rubs in plenty of oil on her firm breasts. 

She is moaning an groaning. 

He places his hand on her pussy and presses his finger on her clit. 

She squeals and he starts rubbing on it. 

She humps against his hand. He sees she is ready to cum. 

Time to let her beg for it.

"Should I stop."

"No, please don't."

"I can stop if you want."

"No no, please."

"Do you want to cum?"

"Yes, Please make me cum."

"Are you sure, ask me for it."

"Please let me cum, please please. I want to cum. Please please."

He presses hard on her clit and she screams and squirts pussy juice all over the blanket.

He holds her pussy as she comes back down.

"Has it been a while since you had a good cum?"

"I never cum like that when I do myself. My husband can't get it up without his blue pill. We have sex so rarely that I don't even do birth control. We just use a condom."

"Glad I could help you with that. You are very beautiful when you cum."

"Thank you for the cum and the compliment. You're too sweet."

"Your turn, big boy. Lie down."

She sits on his ass and rubs oil oh his shoulder and down his back.

"mmmm You have nice strong shoulders."

She scoots down and rubs some on his legs, working her way up to the prize. 

Eric groans.

She starts on his ass cheeks . She runs her finger down his ass crack and drags her nail over his asshole. 

He growls and pushes back. 

She rolls him over and his cock is full hard. She kisses the head and rubs a liberal amount of oil on it.

"Can't have this getting burned."

She cups his huge balls and strokes his cock up and down. 

Eric groans and pushes up to help. 

She lifts his balls and slides her finger into his asshole. 

He can't hold back any longer. 

His cock erupts and he shoots cum on his chest and stomach. 

She pulls it over and some hits her in the face and breasts. 

The last of it runs down on her hands.

"Wow, you had a big cum. That was something to watch. Do you always cum that hard?"

"Just when a beautiful lady is stroking my cock."

She leans over and lick all the cum off of his chest and stomach. 

She carefully wipes it off her face and swallows it.

"mmmm You taste good. I could get used to eating that."

He rolls over and pulls her into his arms. 

She snuggles up to him, pressing her body against him. 

His cock fills with blood and presses against her stomach. 

She opens her legs and puts his cock shaft on her pussy lips and closes her legs.

"Your big cock feels good against my pussy lips. Does that thing stay hard all the time?

"Only when a beautiful lady is in my arms. It has a mind of its own."

"Can I hold it for a while. Its been so long since I've felt one."

He thrusts his cock back and forth on her pussy. She squeaks a little.

"Please hold me. I haven't been held in so long. I feel so good in your arms, I could stay here forever."

The hold each other for a while.

He flexes his cock against her pussy again and she squeals. 

She starts humping his cock.

"Let's go to my place. We will be more comfortable there."

They walk into his apartment and he grabs the ties on her top and bottom and pulls them off. 

She squeals, turns and grabs at his shorts. She pulls them down and off.

"Now we are both naked, That's better."

She grabs his cock and starts backing towards the bedroom, leading him by his cock. 

She comes to the bed and pushes him on it. 

She climbs between his legs and kisses his cock head.

"Watch this. It's a little trick I learned."

She starts sucking and licking his cock.

She takes the head in her mouth and sucks and licks on it. 

She starts sliding it in, farther and farther. 

She takes a deep breath and slowly takes it down her throat.. 

She pulls off, takes another breath and slides all nine inches of his cock down her neck. 

Her nose touches his pubic hair. 

Eric is amazed. 

She pulls off and catches her breath. She takes it all again and holds it till she has to come up for air.

She looks up and grins. 

"What do you think of that?"

"You should be proud. No one has ever done that."

"Do you want to cum in there?"

"I know a better place for my cum."

"You can't cum in my pussy, 

I'm not protected, but you can cum on my face or my tits."

"I'll come where you tell me, OK."

Get ready to beg for it in your pussy.

He flips her over and starts kissing her on her neck, working his way down to her breasts. 

He takes a nipple in his mouth and sucks it up. 

He bites it gently and she squeals. 

He gives both breasts the same treatment. 

She is moaning and groaning and humping against him. 

He leaves a trail of kisses down to her pussy. 

He pushes her knees up and lowers his mouth to her pussy lips. 

He gently licks her pussy lips. 

Her pussy twitches and he licks it more. She is going wild on his tongue. 

He licks her asshole, sticking his tongue in a little. She howls.

"Oh oh oh oh" 

He moves up to her clit and circles it with the tip of his tongue. 

Her legs start stroking in the air. 

"Yes yes yes yes" 

He gently bites her clit and she screams and a orgasm tears through her body.

She screams as each wave takes her. 

He presses his tongue on it and she has one long orgasm. 

It lasts till her lifts his tongue from her.

She is slobbering, moaning and groaning, out of control. 

He backs off and lets her return to him.

"Holy shit, Eric. Where did you learn to eat pussy like that. That was better than anything I ever had."

He moves up and puts the had of his cock against her wet lips. He pushes at her lips gently.

"Are you ready for my cock? It's right there, waiting for you, ready to slide in. It's going to stretch you wide open. Are you ready?"

It's time to make her beg for my cock

"Oh god yes, baby, give it to me."

"Reach for it. It's right there."

She pushes up trying to get it in. He holds it away from her, just touching her lips.

"Let me have it, I want it in me. Please let me have it."

He lowers himself so she can get the head in.

"I got the head. It's stretching me so wide. God, it's so big."

"Reach up for more, reach for it."

She pushes up and gets another inch.

"Give me more, please give me more.

She slides in a little more. Her pussy is grasping at it.

"Do you want it all?"

"Yes, give it all to me. Stretch me out. Fill my pussy with your big cock."

"Are you sure. Tell me you sure."

"Please, let me have it. I want it so bad."

He gives one big thrust and bottoms out against her cervix. 

She cums and lets out a scream that everyone within a mile can hear.

"OH oh oh Its so big. It's so big. I love it. Oh god Oh god."

He slowly pulls it and rams it in again. 

She screams again cumming on his cock. 

He rams her hard, bottoming out each time. 

Every time he hits bottom, she screams and cums.

"I'm ready to cum in you. Are you ready for my cum?"

"No no, you can't. I'll get a baby."

"You can't cum anymore till I cum. Do you want to cum more?"

"Yes yes, I can't get enough of you."

"You can't cum without me. Wait for me."

"Please let me cum more. I want more and more."

'If I cum with you, you can. No more without me"

"Please, please"

"Tell me where you want my cum. Tell me."

"Oh god, Eric. I can't say no to you. I want your cum in my pussy. Please, in my pussy."

He starts stroking again.

"I'm going to cum in you. Take my cum. Take it in your pussy."

"Yes yes yes, give me your cum, I want it. Please lets cum together. Take me with you."

He rolls over and puts her on top.

"OK baby. Make me cum, take my cum. Cum with me. Take it, Take it."

She goes crazy on his cock, thrusting and thrusting. 

He pulls her down on his cock and shoots is seed all over her cervix.

She has her orgasm and scream and screams. 

Wave after wave tears through her body. 

She loses control of her mind. She is just a pussy, cumming and cumming. 

Her run of orgasms lasts for five minutes. 

She finally slows down, coming back to earth. 

She is aware of his cock again. 

It has all but split her wide open. He holds her in his arms, letting her come back.

"Oh god, oh god. That was out of this world. I must have cum fifty times. Never have I been fucked like that."

"Sue, you are an amazing lover. I have never had anyone like you. That deep throat you did on me. Holy crap that was good. You are so passionate. I want more of you. More and more."

"Eric, do you know how many times I came. I lost count."

"I don't know, I didn't count them, but it was a lot."

"My pussy feels so fucked and I can't feel my legs. I may never be able to walk again."

They laugh and he hugs her tight against his chest.

"I need some water. Will you get some? I don't think I can walk yet."

He brings her a bottle of water and she drinks the whole thing.

"All that pussy juice you squirted dehydrated you. It must have been a gallon."

"You made me do it. You turned me on so hard. I couldn't stop, I can't say no to you at all. Geez, what am I going to do with you."

"You can fuck me a lot."

"Yeah, you can be sure of that."

"Let's try to get you on your feet. I'm hungry. I have some good snacks in the kitchen."

He helps her out of bed and on to her feet.

"See, you can walk."

She gets down on her knees and licks and sucks his cock clean.

"You cant go in the kitchen with cum juice all over him."

She stands up and giggles. 

"Look, our cum juice running down my legs. I'm a mess."

"A beautiful mess, I love to see that. You look so sexy when you're all juicy."

The go into the kitchen and load up a plate of goodies. 

Eric sits down and Sue gets on his lap. 

Their cum juice runs down on his legs. 

They chat and eat. 

His cock starts rising up between her legs. 

She looks at it and then at him, back at his cock and then at him. She looks into his eyes.

"Eric, What the hell is that sticking up there. We just fucked for two hours, I can hardly walk and you're ready to fuck again. Fucking hell, you are insatiable."

"It's your fault, baby, You make it hard."

They finish eating and he leads her back to the bedroom. He sits her on the bed and holds his cock to her mouth. She takes is in her mouth and starts sucking and licking it.

"Take my cum in your mouth but don't swallow it."

She throats him a couple of times. Finally he cums in her mouth.

"Don't swallow. Stand here in front of the mirror. Now, let is run down your chin onto your breasts. That's good, Now rub it all over them. Good girl."

He reaches down to her pussy and rubs his hand on her, wetting his hand. He rubs all around, spreading their juice on her legs and stomach.

"She how beautiful you look covered in love juice."

He takes her hand and puts it on her pussy.

"Now. Cum for me. I want you to see how beautiful you are when you cum."

She starts rubbing herself, moan and groaning.

"Tell me when you get close. Don't cum yet. Just get close and wait. Stop right at the edge."

"I'm there, I'm there. Can I cum now?"

"Wait, wait till I tell you to cum. Wait. You can't cum till I let you. Hold it, hold it."

"I'm ready, please let me cum, please." 

"Not yet, wait for permission. Wait."

He makes her wait and wait.

"Now, look in the mirror. Watch for your cum face. See how beautiful you are."

"Now, cum for me. Make it a big one. Watch. Watch."

He holds her breasts, tweaking her nipples as she cums and squirts pussy juice all over. 

She cries out in ecstasy as the waves of her orgasm radiate out from her pussy. 

She slumps in his arms. He lays her on the bed. She is gasping and twitching as her pussy leaks on the bed. "Oh god, that was intense. I've never felt that good doing myself. Amazing, I just saw myself cum.

"Thank you for that. It was wonderful."

"I thought you would like that. You were really hot looking at yourself."

"You're amazing. Where do you come up with these ideas."

He lays on the bed and looks down at her.

"I have another idea. Come over here."
