 Eric decides to leave San Diego and go back to Las Vegas. He checks into a different casino this time.

Last time he had good luck at the Black Jack tables so he tries them again. 

He sees a cute blonde dealer. He sits at her table and buys in $5000. There are two other guys at the table. 

Her name tag says Nicole. He looks her over. Cute face, nice breasts, pretty blue eyes and a wedding ring.

"Hi Nicole, my name is Eric. Please don't take all my chips." She smiles. "I'll try not to. I like everyone to win."

He places a $100 bet and a $5 toke for her. 

He waits for a shuffle before he starts counting cards. He wins a he gets a big smile. He places the same bet and wins again. She shuffles and he starts counting. As usual, the pit boss doesn't watch his bets. They don't think anyone can count a ten deck shoe. He and the dealer have a good run.

Another dealer is ready to push in and he hands Nicole a $100 tip. She flashes a big smile. He watches her move to another table. 

He waits about thirty minutes and moves to her table.

He smiles at her and says. 

"Let's make some more money."

He plays a while and they both win more."

She leans over and says, "I get off in thirty minutes. Let's have a cup of coffee."

"You're on"

They meet a few minutes later.

"I saw you count a ten deck shoe. How the hell do you do that?"

"I have a photographic memory."

"Bullshit, no one can do that."

"I can. You saw me do it."

He laughs.

"Why didn't you call the pit boss?"

"I'm not stupid. You were betting tokes. I need the money." 

"My husband is a chronic gambler. He is a poker dealer here and loses all his money playing craps."

"It must be hard being married to someone like that."

"It's not too bad. He spends all his time in the casino. I hardly ever see him. When he is home, he just sleeps or watches TV."

"How can he ignore someone as beautiful as you. Your smile lights up the whole room. And your eyes? I feel like falling into them."

"That's nice of you to say that. A girls never gets tired of hearing compliments."

"What brings you to Vegas?"

"It's my yearly vacation. I come here every year."

She smiles again.

"What do you do for a living?"

"I'm a business and marketing consultant, and I own a few shopping centers. I help people start up new ventures."

"How did you get into that?"

"I have a masters degree in business and marketing."

"That's impressive."

They chat a while longer, Then he asks.

"I realize we just met, but I would like to buy you dinner."

"I have some time. That would be nice." "Where is the best restaurant here."

"Come on, I'll show you."

They order dinner. He orders a bottle of Dom. The enjoy a nice dinner and he orders another bottle of Dom. 

They chat for a while and he can see her warming up to him.

He looks into her eyes and takes her hand and kisses it. 

She smiles and he sees her eyes open slightly. 

He leans over and kisses her gently on the lips. She doesn't pull back. He gently licks her lips and she opens her mouth. The hold the kiss for a minute. 

He breaks the kiss.

"Your lips are so soft and warm. I could get used to kissing you."

She blushes and he kisses her again. She gives him her tongue and he caresses it with his. He nipples perk up and her pussy get wet. Their breathing increases. 

She pulls back.

"Whew. That's hot. Hang on a minute while I catch my breath."

"I don't want to stop."

He kisses her again.

She puts her arm around his neck and pulls him to her. She is lost to his charm. Her panties are getting wet.

"Do you have a room here?"

"Follow me"

He closes the door and locks it. 

He takes her in his arms and lays a hot kiss on her. She moans and presses her body to his. She feels his bulge. He slides his hands down to her ass and pulls her against his cock. She moans and pushes against him.

He steps back and says.

"Take your clothes off for me. I want to see that beautiful body you have hidden."

He sits on the bed and watches. 

She slowly unbuttons her blouse and drops it to the floor. Her lace encased breasts come into view. She unzips her skirt and lets it drop. Just wearing her bra and panties. 

She poses for him. She knows she is hot and likes to show it. 

She reaches behind her back and unhooks her bra. She holds her bra in place. He licks his lips and smiles.

"You like to tease me, don't you."

"Of course. Tell me you don't like it."

She lets her bra fall to the floor. She walks toward him and presents her breasts to him.

They are a full C cup and have no sag. 

He cups both breasts and kisses each nipple. She cries out and runs her fingers through his hair. He sucks and tweaks each nipple in turn. Her pussy juice is running down her legs. 

He slowly pulls her panties down, exposing a shaved pussy. He caresses her pussy lips and slowly sticks one finger in her. She moans and opens her legs for him. 

He touches her asshole with his wet finger. She gasps and her hips twitch. He slides his wet finger from her asshole up to her clit. She moans and her hips twitch again. 

She pulls him up and starts taking his clothes off. His shirt and pants fall on the floor. 

She looks at the bulge in his boxer briefs.

"Let's see what you brought to the party."

She pulls his briefs down and his semi erect cock flops out. She takes it in her hand.

"Wow, I like big ones, but this looks like the biggest I've seen. Go easy with me, OK?"

"Are you on birth control?"

"No, when we fuck, we use condoms."

"I don't have any. Do you?"

"No, but you can pull out and cum on me. I like the feel of hot cum on me."

She pushes him back on the bed and kneels between his legs. She takes his cock in both hands and kisses the head. 

He moans. 

She takes the head in her mouth and sucks and licks it. He moans again. She tries to throat him and get about one third down and gags.

"You're too big, I can't take it all. I like throating cocks."

"You're doing fine. Your mouth is magic on my cock."

He lets her suck him for a while. She pulls off.

"You're so big my mouth is getting tired."

He pulls her down beside him and lays in her saddle. He moves down between her legs and kisses the top of her slit. 

She moans as he lick her pussy lips. She opens her legs more and he settles down to her pussy. He licks and sucks and slowly brings her close to cumming. She is humping his face.

"Oh, that's good. Right there. Yes, yes."

He licks her clit and she raises her ass off the bed. He licks more and she cums on his face. Her pussy juice is running down her ass crack and soaking the bed. He licks and sucks her to two more orgasms. She cries out each time she cums.

"Oh god. You're very good with that tongue. Keep it up."

He brings her close to cumming and holds her there. She is moaning and humping his face. He holds her there for ten minutes.

"Oh god, let me cum. I'm right there. Please let me cum. Oh god, stop teasing me. Let me cum."

He holds her for a while longer and then presses hard with his tongue and she screams and cums.

Before she can recover he moves up and places his cock head on her pussy lips. She humps at it, trying to get it in. He denies her entry.

"Please give me your cock. I'm ready for it. Stretch me out. I want that big cock in me."

He slides the head in. Her pussy stretches out and she squeals. Her lips are squeezing it. He slowly moves his cock head in and out, making her reach for it.

"Stop teasing me. Give it to me. Please. Fill me with your cock."

She raises her ass up, taking more in. He lets her reach, slowly giving it to her. When it's almost in he slam it in and hits her cervix. She screams and cums.

"Oh yes. Yes, yes. It's so big. My pussy is stretched out and full."

He pulls out slowly and pushes in and hits her cervix again. She screams again. He keeps it up for what she thinks is forever. He slows down and lets her breathe.

"Do you want to cum more or is that enough?"

"No no, I want more. It's so good. Make me cum more."

He strokes in and brings her to the edge.

"Are you ready to cum?"

"Yes, I'm ready. You are making me crazy with all this teasing. Please let me cum."

"You have to wait till I cum. You can't cum without me. Wait for me."

"No no, I can't wait. I want to cum now, Please let me."

"I want us to cum together. I won't let you cum till we do."

"Please. I can't stand this teasing. I want it. Please."

He holds her on the edge and she is crying out.

"Please, please. Let me cum."

I'm going to cum in you. Then you can cum with me. I have some hot cum for you. Tell me you want my hot cum in your pussy."

"No. Let me cum and you can cum on my anywhere on me. Not in my pussy."

"I'm going to cum now. Ask me for my cum. I know you want it. Ask me. It's hot and ready for you."

"Oh god. I don't care. Just let me cum. Cum in my pussy. Anything, but let me cum."

"Tell me where you want it. Tell me."

"In my pussy. Cum in my pussy. Fill it with your cum. Please cum with me."

He starts stroking against her cervix. She screams out as her shoots spurt after spurt in her cervix. She wraps her legs around him and pulls her ass up to take all of his cum. She milks all the cum out of his balls and they fall, limp in each others arms.

"Eric. You make me crazy the way you tease me. I love it. That's the best cum I ever had."

"Your pussy made me do it. It took control of my cock. Your pussy is as good as your mouth. You are amazing."

He leans over and kisses her nipple. She moans. He sucks it and tweaks the other. Her pussy twitches and she grabs his cock. He pulls her on top.

"Put my cock in your pussy. I want you again."

She slides it slowly in. He garbs her hips and pulls her down hard. His cock hits her cervix and she screams and cums. He pulls her up and drops her again. She cums again. He keeps making her cum and cum. He head falls back and her eyes roll back in her head. He pushes in her one more time and dumps his cum in her again. She screams with each squirt. She falls limp on his chest. He holds her while she catches her breath. Her pussy is twitching and she is moaning.

"Oh god, oh god. What have you done to me, I have never cum that many times. I'm ruined for normal sex. Ruined. I have gallons of you cum in my pussy. I wanted it and I'm probably knocked up."

"Can you stay with me tonight? I want to wake up with you in my arms"

"Oh god yes. I want more of you. You make me cum like no other. I've never been fucked like this. My pussy says stay."

She snuggles into his arms and they fall asleep.

He wakes her up at about two am and they fuck again. She goes crazy on his cock and takes another load of his cum.

Eric wakes the next morning to find Nicole trying to throat his cock. She has managed to get half of it down her neck. She is choking and drooling all over him.

"With a little more practice, you could take it all. You're a real trooper for trying."

"Your cock is so beautiful and I love trying to take it. I just wish I could take it all. It's just too big."

"I know a place that will take all of it."

She gives up on throating and positions her pussy over his cock.

"Let's try in here."

She lowers her pussy on his cock. The head slides in and she squeezes it with her pussy lips. Eric moans as she slides down on it. She squeezes as hard as she can as she takes it all.

"Your pussy muscles are amazing. It feels like hot velvet in there."

She milks his cock, trying to make him cum. She bottoms out and his cock head hits her cervix. She screams and cums.

"Every time I push on my cervix I cum so hard. It's amazing."

"Put the head right in the entrance and I'll fill it with my cum. It will set your pussy on fire."

"Oh god yes. It makes me crazy when you cum in me. I can't get enough."

She starts pressing his cock against her cervix. His orgasm is building.

"Here I cum baby. Get ready for it. Take it in your hot pussy."

She pushes and his cock head opens her cervix. She squeezes as hard as she can and he unloads his hot cum in her womb. She screams and milks every drop into her. 

She is overwhelmed with her orgasm and passes out. She falls, limp on his chest. He holds her till she comes back.

"Oh Eric. You are so good for me. I've never met anyone like you. You make me cum so hard. We are so good together. I've never had a cum that made me pass out."

"I love the way you take my cum. It makes me want to cum in you more and more."

His cock is still half hard. She gives it a little squeeze and it fills with blood. She gasps and squeezes it again.

"Oh, oh, oh. You're hard again. Oh my god. Your cock is amazing. I've never met anyone who can fuck like you to. Give it to me again. I want more and more."

He pulls her down and puts the tip of his cock at the entrance of her womb. He flexes it and the head flares and she cums. He waits till she finishes each orgasm and flexes again. She screams each time. He keeps her cumming and cumming. She is flopping around like her bones have disolved. He holds her on his cock. He sees that she has had enough and lets his orgasm build. He cums in her cervix and she screams again. He lets her fall on his chest. She is gasping and moaning.

"Oh god. Oh god. My poor pussy. It feels like an egg beater ran in it. Your cock drives me crazy. All I want is your cum in me."

"I love filling you with my cum It's the best feeling in the world. I just wish I had more for you. I see how you love taking it."

"Come on, baby. Let's take a shower. I want to feel your soapy body. You need some TLC."

"I don't think I can walk. I can't feel my legs."

"I'll help you."

He picks her up and carries her to the bath. He sits her on the toilet while he adjusts the water. He helps her in and she manages to stand on her own. He tenderly washes her.

"Oh Eric. Your hands feel so good on me. I love your strong gentle touch."

She holds his cock while he washes her. He helps her out and dries her off.

"Thank you baby. That was so sweet of you to do that. I feel better now. I think I can manage to get home now." 

I" may have to call in sick for a few days till my stuff gets back to normal. I would like to stay, but I don't think my body can take any more."

"That means we did a good job. Right?"

"Good? Way past good. You animal. Way past good."

She hugs and kisses him.

"Thanks for the best time I ever had. You are a hot lover."

She get dressed and limps out the door.

Eric gets dressed and goes downstairs to the casino. 

He has a light lunch and wanders around looking for a hot babe that needs some of his cum. 

He sits at a Black Jack table and buys in $5000.

He waits to see what he attracts. 

A couple of ugly ones make a move on him. He smiles and doesn't bite. 

He looks across the room and catches the eye of a raving beauty. She has long brown hair, a beautiful face, Nice breasts, and wearing a mini skirt showing off her beautiful long dancer legs. T hose legs will look good wrapped around me. She is hot. He smiles at her and she smiles back. Ten minutes later she sits beside him.

"Hi, my name is Jeri."

"Hello, I'm Eric. Nice to meet you."

They shake hands and she holds his hand a little too long.

She is coming on. This will be fun.

They play and chat a while. She laugh at all of his jokes and touches him on the arm at every opportunity. 

He flirts back with her.

"Let's cash in and walk around. I'm getting saddle sores."

She smiles and they walk to the cage and cash in. She takes his hand as they walk around. 

He stops her at the end of a row of machines and takes her in his arms. She puts her arms around his neck and presses her body to his. He lifts her chin and kisses her. She moans and opens her mouth to take his tongue. She feels his cock fill with blood and presses against it. He kisses her till she is breathing hard. She pulls back.

"Wow, that was some kiss. You're good."

He looks into her eyes.

"Let's go up to my room. I want to fuck you."

She blushes and takes his arm.

As they go to his room, he asks, "What brings you to Vegas?"

"I'm getting a divorce. My Daddy is helping me out. He takes good care of me. I'm still his little girl."

"I'm gonna fuck Daddy's little girl. Do you think Daddy will mind?"

"He won't have to know. I sure won't tell him."

"Are you on birth control?"

"No, I haven't had sex in months, so I went off the pill."

"I'm going to cum in you."

"No please don't."

"I'm going to cum in you and you will want it."

Her pussy gets wet at the thrill of the risk.

"You can cum in my mouth or on my breasts, but please, not in my pussy."

They go in the room and Eric locks the door. 

He forcefully takes her in his arms. She doesn't resist. He quickly takes her clothes off. 

"Get on your knees and suck my cock."

She unzips his pants and pulls out his cock.

"Oh my god. Your cock is huge."

"Suck it, now."

She quickly takes it in her mouth and starts sucking and licking it. He pulls her head to him, forcing it in her mouth. She takes half of it down her throat. She gags and pulls back.

"I can't take it all. It's too big."

"Yes you can. Try again."

She tries again and he pulls her head again. She suppresses her gag reflex and takes it all.

"Good girl, I knew you could take it."

She pulls back, takes a deep breath and throats him again. Her pussy is dripping on the rug. He pulls her off his cock.

"Take off my clothes. Now."

She would make a good sub. I suspect she fucked her Daddy.

She takes off her clothes.

"Go lay on the bed and show me your pussy."

She lays on the bed, opens her legs and shows him her pussy.

"Hold you pussy lips open. I want to see all of you."

She obeys.

"Is that where you want me to put my cum?"

"Yes, Daddy. Put your cum in there."

"Did you fuck your Daddy?"

"Oh no. Please don't ask me?"

"Tell me, did you?

"Yes."

"Did you like it?:

"Yes."

"Did he cum in you?"

"No, he always pulled out so I never got a baby."

"Did you suck his cock?"

"Yes. He made me do it at first. I didn't want to but he spanked me till I did it. The first time I was eighteen."

"Where was you mama?"

"She left when I was ten. Daddy caught her with a black man. Her got really mad. He cut up all her clothes and threw her out."

"I want you to call me Daddy."

"Yes, Daddy."

"Do you want Daddy to lick your pussy?"

"Yes, I like that."

"Are you going to do everything I want?"

"Yes, Daddy. Anything you want."

He kneels between her legs and licks her pussy. She groans and opens her legs wider. He licks and sucks on her clit till she cums. She cries out as her orgasm floods her body. He waits a little and gives her another. He makes her cum 5 times. He lays beside her and pulls her on top.

"Take my cock now. Go slow, it may hurt a little"

"Yes Daddy. I want your cock. It's bigger than my Daddy's. You'll stretch my pussy with your big cock."

She pops the head in and gasps.

"It's so big. It's stretching me a lot."

"Relax your pussy and go slow. It won't hurt that way."

She slowly slides down on him. She cums twice while getting it all in.

"Oh, oh. You make me cum a lot. I like it."

"Push down and make the head go in your cervix."

"Yes Daddy. It's touching it now. I can feel it trying to get in."

"Push it in. My cock want to cum in there. It wants to fill you with cum."

She starts working on his cock, squeezing it and rubbing it in and out of her cervix.

He flexes his cock in and she screams and cums. He flexes every time she finishes her orgasm and then gives her another. She cums and cums on his big cock. He feels his orgasm coming and holds her down.
