 Emily thinks of her encounter with Ava, and masturbates in the shower. She finds her boyfriend, Peter, waiting for her in the living room, and leads him to her bedroom.

* * *

Our fingers touched, and it sent little jolts of electricity up my arm; I missed him. His touch alone gave me little thrills, and this wasn't even in a remotely sexual sense. 

I pushed the door closed, and stood facing him. "Oh Pete... Missed you" I whispered, whilst holding his hand and looking deep into his azure eyes. He pulled me into his chest, emulating the embrace in the living room.

"Missed you too, baby" he murmured, his lips against my damp hair. 

He placed small gentle kisses on my forehead, cheek, and jawline, and I sighed, revelling in the familiar touch. I raised myself to stand on tiptoes and our lips met; I felt that warm smooth flesh against my own, the sensation making my stomach flutter and my breath jagged.

I pulled my face away; his arms wrapped around my waist meant that our hips were still touching. Placing my hands on his chest, I pushed back a little, and looked his deep in the eyes, a playful smirk at the corners of my mouth. A quizzical expression appeared on his face, unsure as to what I would do next.

He leaned forward, our lips inching closer. At the last moment, I flicked my tongue over his bottom lip, and pulled back, giggling. 

He looked at me with an animalistic glint in his eyes, and attempted to kiss me again. I held my hands on his neck, my lips half an inch away. I could feel his hot breath, uneven as my own. 

I placed a series of small pecks on his lips, again pulling back, teasing him further. His fingers dug into the small of my back, and I grinned at the effect I had on him. A low growl rose in his throat, and I couldn't hold back any longer.

Wrapping my arms around his neck, I moaned softly as his lips crushed mine; I felt his tongue press against my lips and I separated them slightly. I clung to him as our tongues danced in each others' mouths, lapping at each other hungrily; I lightly bit Peter's bottom lip and gazed deep in his eyes.

His hands cupped my breasts briefly through my towel, before running along my waist and past my hips; finally they came to rest on my firm buttocks. With his hands still on my arse, he suddenly hoisted me up, my legs naturally wrapping themselves around his waist, my arms supporting my weight by draping themselves across his shoulders and across his neck.

My body had a mind of its own. My lips feverishly sought his, and before long our hot tongues were frantically caressing and licking at each other. My hips were grinding against him ever so slightly, his hands deliciously cupping my arse. My neck trembled with the hum of shallow breathing and soft moans. 

I started to undo his shirt buttons, running my nails lightly across his chest. I felt his breathing catch in his throat, and he kissed me harder still.

We fell back onto my bed, his shirt half off. My hands worked his belt buckle, already halfway there, determined to get his jeans off as quickly as possible.

The blue cotton fell to the floor, shortly followed by the denim, and soon he was standing before me in loose navy cotton boxers, which were already displaying a prominent bulge. 

"I feel somewhat underdressed..." I purred, letting the towel drop to my sides, my hands caressing my hips. I arched my back, pushing my breasts out, the peaks of which were topped with dark pinky brown nipples that stood to attention in anticipation.

"Ahh, fuck Em..." Peter breathed, already sliding his boxer shorts down his muscly thighs. He stood exposed before me. His shoulders were broad, leading to a slim waist. His chest had just the right amount of dark hair upon it, which snaked down, getting thicker past his navel. The 'goody trail' led to a noticeable erection; a rigid seven and a half inches, lightly veined, and tipped with a smooth, dark pink head, now glistening with pre-cum. It curved up slightly, towards his abdomen, the mere sight of which made my mouth water. 

A frisson quivered through my stomach, and I'm surprised I managed to speak at all. 

"Peter, fuck me." The words sounded foreign in my ears, as if said by someone else. 

He needed no second invitation. I felt firm hands close around my ankles, and I let out a sharp squeal as they pulled me down the bed, leaving the towel crumpled up by my pillows. 

Peter's mouth was on mine, his tongue forcing its way into my mouth. I responded without thinking, kissing him back, and pulling him down towards me by his shoulders. His mouth inched its way past my jaw and down my neck, leaving a trail of bruises. My moans echoed through the room, mingled with sharp gasps each time his teeth closed around the delicate flesh of my neck.

He was balanced on his left arm, my right arm wrapped tight around his shoulder. His right hand cupped my breast, kneading the soft pale flesh, and rolling my hard pink nipple between his thumb and forefinger. His mouth kissed along my collarbones and down to my bosom, eliciting a gasp from me when his lips closed around my nipple; he licked and sucked enthusiastically, interspersed with the occasional nibble. I shuddered with pleasure, but I needed more.

I could feel his erection sliding up and down my pussy, the thick folds moist and slick. Each time the head of his cock grazed my clit, I thought I was going to lose my head then and there.

"Pete. I said fuck me."

His right hand snaked down to the gap between my legs; he was panting hard now, and the feel of my wet cunt under his fingertips made his cock jerk against the top of my thigh. Fuck, I had to have him inside me.

He sensed my urgency, and positioned his throbbing erection at my slick opening. He slid himself inside as slow as he could; I felt everything. He filled my tight cunt completely, and we lay motionless for a few seconds, his chest pressed against mine. 

I clenched my pussy muscles. Peter gasped. He started to move his hips back and forth, his hand pressed against the small of my back, holding me close to him.

A whimper escaped my lips with each thrust; it had only been a week since Peter had fucked me, but it seemed like an age ago. His cock felt fucking amazing inside me, and I arched my back, bucking my hips in rhythm with his. 

It was frantic, but not rushed. Our hips undulated in time with each other, hard and fast. My muscles began to tense; I was so close to orgasm but needed to push myself over the edge.

"Pete, ohhh god, I'm so close..."

Peter's hips moved quickly; the strength of his thrusts increased, and soon I was yelping every time his cock plunged deep into my cunt. He rolled ever so slightly onto his left arm, leaving just enough room for his right hand to deliver its skilled ministrations to my clitoris. He slicked his index and middle finger along my wet pussy, still fucking me, and rubbed the swollen nub with expert motions, alternating between small circles, and an up-down movement. 

I sensed the familiar tension flood my body, my muscles stiffening and my back arching further. My breathing turned to jagged panting and furious gasps, and soon my body was shuddering with orgasm under Peter. My cunt clenched and pulsed around his hard cock; I buried my face in his neck as I wailed with gratification. Ecstasy flowed through my body in waves, and I sobbed as the pleasure kept surging through me. 

My orgasm sent Peter over the edge. He let out a long growl, and urgently bucked his hips. He gave three more thrusts, and spurted jets of hot, thick cum deep in my pussy. 

Our movements subsided, and we kissed desperately, savouring as much of the other as we could possibly manage. 

My fingertips rested on his back, feeling a layer of perspiration coating his skin. We kissed one last time, and fell asleep, our limbs entangled and Peter still inside me. 

* * *

I awoke naked, tangled in the sheets. Peter must have covered us up during the night at some point. The smell of sex still hung in the air, and I smiled as I remembered last night's frenzied collision of limbs, lips, and lasting pleasure. 

"Mmm, I love when you wake up happy," I heard from the bathroom. "I love it even more if I had something to do with it..."

Peter stepped out of my bathroom, buttoning up a light grey shirt. It's a good thing I gave him a drawer to put his things in; I got sick and tired of his friends at work knowing when Pete got laid, depending on whether or not he was wearing the same shirt two days in a row. 

I caught a peek of his chest hair, and felt a shiver of delight move its way up my spine. I stretched coquettishly, letting out a low purr of content. Peter made his way over to me, held my chin in his hands, and gave me a long slow kiss.

"I'll see you later, honey."

I watched him walk out of the door. The next few minutes were spent in bed, but I soon grew restless. I tiptoed out of my room, and walked up to Ava's door. It was ajar, and I pushed it open slightly. She looked gorgeous when she slept.

My eyes widened as I took in the very distinctive movement of the covers. She bent her knees, spreading them so that the sheets draped tantalisingly over that sweet spot between her thighs. 

I stood and watched.