 Author's Note: Story Idea from sirhugs thread, 'Power Failure' in the Story Ideas forum. Dialog inspired from a scene from the television show The Wire.

All characters over the age of 18. Enjoy.

-------------

Spring in North Texas is an adventure. The flow of warm moist air flowing up from the Gulf of Mexico colliding against moving cold fronts sweeping down from the northwest brew up tremendous thunderstorms. The powerful weather can create gale force winds without warning, or dump a weeks worth of rain in a few hours. Occasionally both happen simultaneously. 

I wasn't thinking of any of that as I was working on late on a Thursday night. I was in the final stages of a long complicated project, and I wanted to get it done before the weekend. My boyfriend was flying home from being gone all week, and I was looking forward to welcoming him home. I did not want any last minute project details to delay me on Friday. With only an empty apartment waiting for me, I decided to finish the project a day early. 

After grabbing a quick dinner, I came back to my 10th floor office, and buried myself in the final edits of the project. The hours passed quickly, and I was surprised how quickly it got dark. I didn't realize the darkness was from the tremendous thunderstorm sweeping down upon my building. Clicking save for the last time, and thinking it was later than it was, I closed all my files and secured my desk.

I picked up my purse, and bag, and headed to the elevator. I flipped open my phone to send a text to my boyfriend.

Emma: I miss u. wish u were here. xo

I noticed my cell phone battery was very low, after the long day at work. I pressed the elevator button with my eyes still locked on my phone's glowing screen. The dimness of the hallway, had me convinced it was late in the evening, and I was surprised to see that it was only 7:00 p.m. on the screen of my phone. I lifted my head up and looked through the glass windows of our lobby to the cityscape beyond the walls of the office.

KABLAM! 

I jumped at the sound of the thunder that came seconds after a bright flash streaked across the windows. I realized that it was a big storm. I heard a ding, and slid into the elevator. I was grateful for the office building's underground parking, I wouldn't get drenched getting into the car. I pressed the ground floor button, and flipped my phone's widget to check my emails.

Jonathan: I miss u 2, catching early flight. be careful in storm.

The text popped up over my email box, and I dismissed it. The elevator stopped on the 8th floor, and I glanced up to see a younger man step in. I didn't pay him much attention. In a glance I'd pegged him as one of the hip game programmers that inhabited the lower floors of our building. I had memorized their "uniform": black hoodie with scruffy jeans, slip on skater shoes and an over the shoulder laptop bag. 

Instead of smiling at him, I went back to my emails, and clicked one from the airlines. It was a new itinerary from Jonathan, his new flight left first thing in the morning. Knowing he'd be home soon sent a shiver through me. With my project finished, I was thinking about calling in sick.

KABLAM! KABLOOM!!! 

The elevator shook and everything went dark. It took a moment to register that the elevator had stopped descending. I started to panic in the pitch darkness, until a soft glow from a battery powered emergency light illuminated the small compartment.

"Fuck!" my companion cursed, "I knew I should've taken the stairs."

"I'm sure it won't be too long before things start rolling again," I offered, finally looking up at him.

I tried to make a comforting smile, but I'm sure it looked fake. The man, more a boy really, was a bit more shaken, eyes searching around the compartment. I flipped back to my phone, and tapped out a text.

Emma: Come straight home from airport, I'll be waiting. xo

I was daydreaming about how I'd be waiting. Maybe wrap myself in cellophane, like a leftover dish waiting to be consumed. The thought of Jonathan pulling the plastic wrap from my body had my insides turning molten.

"He's been gone too long," I thought to myself as I felt myself tremble. 

The thought of him ripping a hole in the thin plastic releasing a firm nipple while the rest of my body was firmly encased in the constricting wrap hardened my nipple..

"Fuck!" I heard the programmer exclaim.

He pushed on the emergency button without any response, then slammed a fist against the wall. 

BEEP: Text Message failed.

I looked down at my phone, and saw, 'No Signal', flashing at the top of the screen.

KABOOOOOOOOOOM

Suddenly I felt panic begin to rise in me.

"That storm knocked out the cell tower," I said softly.

"Fuck!" said the programmer with his limited vocabulary.

He slid his phone from the front of his computer bag, and checked his status.

"fuck, Fuck FUCK!" he fumed, stuffing his phone back into its pocket.

The soft light in the elevator started to dim. My eyes widened and I looked up at my taller foul mouthed prisoner. He looked down at me, and I caught his kind brown eyes, as the light faded to black. I swiped my phone, the large LED screen illuminated the carriage slightly. I felt a bit of relief, which quickly faded as the battery indicator flashed red, then the screen dimmed.

"Fuck!" I said as I slid the useless device into my purse.

In pitch darkness, I heard him laugh lowly. The darkness was palpable. There was no light anywhere, pitch dark. The sounds of the elevator swaying in its shaft amplified. The lack of an electronic buzz was almost deafening. I heard him move around, and then a dim light illuminated the suffocating room.

He held his smartphone, and flipped to a brighter screen. Suddenly the interior of the elevator was bathed in a soft white light. It was like a uniform grey mist, as the intensity of the light was muted. The programmer held the phone face up on his palm, and then squatted down and placed it on the floor. He slid back and sat down on his rear, leaning back against the wall of the car. He looked up at me his soft eye color indistinguishable in the dim glow.

"We'd better get comfort..." he started.

KABOOM 

The thunder shook the whole building. I jumped then slid down the opposite wall. I heard the rain pounding against the windows of the building, the wind howling. Each sound was amplified simply because the lack of ambient noise.

I tucked my legs under me, and smoothed my knee high skirt so it hung hiding my legs from the eyes of my unknown companion. I crossed my arms across my chest, wrapping my light sweater around my torso. I looked over at him and tried to smile, but I'm not sure how well I executed the expression.

"I'm Josh, by the way," he said flatly.

"Emma," I replied shortly.

I examined him through the dim illumination. His brown hair was unkempt, a day or more of whiskers shadowed his jaw. He was thin, but not skinny. His movements fluid, as if he practiced some athletic exercise. He crossed his legs indian style, and leaned back against the wall. He tilted his head up to the low ceiling of the car, and exhaled sadly.

"Why the sigh?" I asked, curiously.

"I'm fucked," he confessed.

"You use that word a lot," I giggled.

He lowered his eyes to mine, and the end of his mouth lifted in a smirk, then a full blown smile.

"Yeah," he confessed, "Sorry about that, I'm just upset. I didn't mean to stay this late, and now I'm stuck here and my girlfriend will be pissed that I'm late again."

"Not much you can do about that," I offered, "You didn't cause this storm."

I shook as another roll of thunder echoed through the building. The elevator began to get warmer at the lack of ventilation. I lifted my long blonde hair off my shoulders and reached into my purse pulling out a hair clip. I worked my mane into a knot, and clipped it high on my head. I pulled my sweater off my shoulders trying to cool off.

"True," he said shortly, "But that never seems to satisfy her."

He unzipped his hoodie and leaned forward twiddling his thumbs.

The pale light of his phone started to dim.

"Fuck!" he said, picking up his phone.

The light illuminated his face, burning his frown into my retina as the light faded to black.

"That's it for my battery too." he sighed.

Black doesn't begin to describe how dark it became. No light was visible, the power was cut off completely, and the emergency battery-powered lights had be bled dry. I lifted my hand in front of me, and couldn't perceive anything until my palm touched my nose. I shivered.

"Fuck," I agreed, then hearing a shuffling movement, "What are you doing?!"

"Just putting my phone away," he mumbled.

I was starting to be overcome by the lack of any visual stimulation. Every sound was amplified, I heard the sound of clothing rumbling.

"What is that?"

"Fuck, I'm just taking off my hoodie," he complained, "It's hot as fuck in here."

"Fuckin' A," I agreed, shrugging off my sweater.

I felt a bead of sweat roll down from behind my ear. I felt it roll along my jawline, dip down to roll down my neck, then sweep down my chest to slide down my cleavage and between my breasts. It was oddly erotic, and the dampness between my thighs from my short cellophane fantasy only heightened the eroticism.

I heard the sound of something scrape across the floor.

"Can you please tell me what you are doing?" I whimpered.

"Fuck, Emma, I'm just sliding my bag across the floor." Josh responded.

"Now I'm putting my hoodie on top of it," he chided, "and now I'm laying my head on it. Fuck."

"Sorry," I offered, "It's just so dark, I can't tell what's happening."

I sat back against my side of the small cab, feeling very small. Every movement Josh made induced a small shiver through my body. I knew I was freaking out, and would only get worse.

"Josh?" I asked softly.

"Yeah?" he answered.

"Would you mind if I Iaid next to you?" I asked, "It might quiet me if I could feel your movements."

"Sure," Josh sighed, "Whatever."

"I'm scooting over," I explained.

I slid across the cab, and used my hand to feel where Josh was laying. It seemed a longer distance, as I vainly felt for contact across the floor. Finally I made contact with his jeans, and slid closer.

"Do you mind if I put my head on your thigh?" I asked.

"Whatever, just settle down." he breathed.

I slid over, and placed my sweater on his thigh, then laid back against the pillow. I laid perpendicular to him, and extended my legs. Touching something helped me cope with the unfeeling blackness. I could feel his body move, though it was muffled by the sweater. It connected the small noises of the elevator car that slightly swayed with our previous movement. I closed my eyes and tried to relax.

I flashed back to my previous thoughts of how I'd surprise Jonathan when he got home tomorrow. I'd read about cellophane in a magazine, as something to spice up a stagnant relationship. Jonathan and I were anything but stagnant, but the cellophane idea interested me. The clingy plastic tight around my body would feel erotic. Smashing my breasts together, but still transparent, like I was pressed into a mirror. Wrapped around my waist and thighs. I brainstormed how I could wrap it around my pussy to encase securely in the tight plastic.

I could start to wrap it around my waist, then down between my legs, pulling it over my smooth bare pussy lips, and wrapping it around my thigh. Bringing it back up around my back again, then down between my legs, double wrapping my slit as it wound back around the other thigh, and finishing with a third tight roll around my slim abdomen. I wondered how my labia would look with the plastic pulled tight against my sensitive petals.

I sighed, as I thought about the preparations I would make. I lifted my hands to my breasts, and felt my arousal as my nipples poked against my palms. Feeling a bit wicked, I figured since I couldn't see anything, neither could my surly neighbor, Josh. I pulled my knees up and let my hands drift down my abdomen. My skirt slid down my raised thighs and pooled at my waist. I slid my fingers down over my silk panties tight against my aroused labia.

I must have shuffled a bit too much, because Josh sighed loudly.

"What the fuck are you doing?" he asked, "Why can't you hold still."

I giggled, "I'm sorry, I'm trying to get comfortable."

I used the noise of our conversation to slide my hand down to cup my sex. My fantasy had made my core moist, and with no pubic hair, my juices had already dampened my panties. I thought more about what Jonathan might do with a cellophane wrapped pussy. Would he try to lick me through the plastic? What would it feel like, his tongue lapping my through the transparent boundary. Would he use his teeth to tear it open to taste my desire pooling against the clear plastic?

"Fuck..." I sighed as my fingers moved up and down my slit.

"Fuck?" Josh wondered aloud.

I felt him shift his hips, and I was suddenly aware of a lump under my head. I reached back under my thin sweater, and touched the lump, then explored upwards. He was getting an erection, and I was touching it.

"Fuck!" I exclaimed breathlessly.

I ran my fingers up and down the length of his shaft, as my fingers ran up and down my increasingly slippery slit. I felt his shaft harden as I continued to probe his length. I jumped lightly as I felt something against my breast.

"Fuuuck," Josh sighed, as his hand found my breast, his finger tracing along my hard nipple.

I lifted my hand to my blouse, and giving into my heated passion, started to unbutton my blouse one handed. I lustily stroked his cock through his jeans, while he massaged my breast.

"Fuck!" I breathed needily.

I unbuttoned the last button and feeling him pull the blouse open. His hand slid into my demi-cup bra and lifted my breast from the cup. I lifted my hand to his belt, and undid the clasp, as I felt him move to sitting position.

"Fuck?" he breathlessly asked, lifting a new hand to my other breast.

"Mmm... Fuck." I asserted rolling on my side to him, and using two hands to unzip his fly.

"Mother fucker..." Josh sighed, lifting his hips as I tugged his jeans down.

"Oh fuck!" I sighed when I felt his cock bound out of his shorts.

I grabbed his erect shaft and measured it with my fingers. He was a healthy size, almost two of my fists long. His girth filled my grip as I stroked him softly.

"Fuck yes!" Josh moaned twisting to his side, and running his hand down to my hips.

I turned towards him feeling his fingers slide over my bunched skirt to my thighs. I shivered as I felt his hand cup my panty covered mound, knowing that he felt my needy moisture. He slid his fingers under the waistband and pulled them down. I lifted my hips and sighed as I lifted my feet helping him to remove the sodden silk. I felt his mouth on my thigh.

"Ohhh.. fuckkk," I moaned, twisting my head back over Josh's core.

I lifted my mouth to lick along the ridge of his cockhead. I held his stiff shaft in my palm and bathed his glans with his tongue.

"Mmmmfffuuucck," Josh groaned, as his lips found purchase between my lower lips.

I pulled his cock head into my mouth and sucked on it greedily, sliding the tip of my tongue along his slit collecting a taste of his precum. He sealed his mouth around my sex, splitting apart my lips with his tongue.

"Fuck me." I commanded.

I lifted my head from his slippery cock head, and crawled slowly up his torso. My open blouse trailing along his bare thighs, as I climbed over him. He straightened as I climbed, his hands lifting to my waist, then up to reach behind me and unclasp my bra. I straddled him feeling my bare sex press against his dick, trapping it against his belly. I adjusted my legs over his waist, my knees astride his hops. I felt his hands slip under my loose bra and capture my tits in his hand.

"Fuck yes..." he sighed.

I rose up, and holding his stiff cock, I traced his head down from my belly. I pushed his knob down as I lifted my sex, and settled it between the slippery folds of my labia. I hesitated at the top, the slid down onto his impressive pole.

"Fuuuuuuckkkkkkk" I exhaled, as he filled me up.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" he repeated as I started to slide up and down his shaft.

His hand captured my breasts, and he lifted his mouth to my left tit. His mouth enveloped my hard nipple, and lapped as the sensitive bud. I leaned into him, undulating my hips as I rode his rod. I rose and fell, while rolling my hips up and back. I used his cock as a gear shift, feeling his manhood fill me, and touch me in all the right places.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck, FUCK!" I chanted.

His hips lifted into mine in a frenzy. His mouth hungrily moved to my other breast. I reached down and held his head to my bosom, tossing my head back in passion. He fell back, releasing my breasts, his hands fell to my hips and pulled me onto his cock.

"Fuck me. Fuck me... FUCK ME!" he shouted.

He lifted his hips to me and went rigid. I felt his orgasm jet a bolt of his cum deep inside me. It triggered my own orgasm. I arched back , pressing my sex into his root, as I felt my body quake.

"FUCK YES!!! FUCK YESS!!" I exalted.

My pussy was quivering, gripping his pulsing cock and milking it of every drop. He relaxed, sliding on his back, panting as he caught his breath. I doubled over, and sought his mouth with mine. Using my fingers to find his stubbled cheeks, I kissed his lips for the first time. My pussy still quivered as his cock softened inside my molten core. I felt our combined juices slip from our union and run down my thigh. It also pooled in his short pubic hair as I enjoyed the remnants of our orgasmic coupling.

*Buzzzz Ding! Whirr*

Suddenly we were bathed in light, as the electricity restored. We both looked at each other in shock, then shared a smile as I pulled myself off his cock. The elevator stayed on the floor we were on, so we quickly put our clothes back in order. I fastened my bra, and stuffed my sensitive breasts back into the cups, then started buttoning my blouse. Josh pulled up his pants, zipped and buckled his pants then pressed the button for the ground floor.

I swung my sweater back around my shoulders, and looked around the cab for any other articles of clothing, as I felt the elevator dive towards earth. I spotted my silk thong, just as Josh lifted it from the corner of the elevator. He arched an eyebrow and held it out to me.

"Fuck it, you can keep them." I laughed.

He slipped them into his front pocket, and winked at me. Suddenly we were back to normal. We both looked up at the elevator lights waiting for it to reach the ground. We smiled familiar smiles at each other, and he gallantly let me exit first.

"Have a good evening," I offered happily.

"You too," he returned, "drive safe."

I smiled to myself as we parted in opposite directions. I knew I was going to stop off at the store on the way home and buy a few rolls of fucking Saran Wrap.