 Hi, I am anil, once again with story for you. I am received many emails from Ashima in response to my stories, she is a house wife and damn sexy in appearance. Her name is Ashima (not her real name) & she is a housewife. Her husband is neither impotent nor old, but is more interested in making money than enjoying his wife’s beauty. I simply wonder why such ‘money minded’ people marry beautiful girls & waste their beauty. Ashima sent a mail to me saying that she wants a good friend with whom she could share her feelings. I readily agreed & replied to her mail. We kept on exchanging mails for a few days & one day I asked her to describe her figure in her next mail. After some email we became friend of each other

In the month of December, my sister's marriage is fixed and I also sent card to Ashima and invite her with her family. She came to her house before three days to attend all the ceremony of marriage. She came alone without her husband.

From the first day, she is looking to sexy in her saree. On first day, she wears royal blue color saree and matching blouse. She looks damn sexy in this dress. She leave her hair open. Her looks making her cock change position and I want to fuck her badly.

We have a separate house for guest. In night, she says, Anil can you I sleep with you in your room. I said if you have no problem and then I have also no problem. And she came to her room and As I already want to fuck. I hold her hand and pull her towards me. We started kissing each other passionately and hungrily as if there is no tomorrow. Her lips were all over on her face, on her lips, nose, eyes, forehead, ears on her neck. I started with her earlobes and then her eyes, nose and finally settled down on her lips. We french kissed for 5 minutes both of us were breathing heavily. I slowly moved his hands over her tits through her saree and started massaging her tits through it. Her hands were caressing my back. 

I removed her saree and petticoat and I was standing there in her bra and panty. She removed my shirt, under shirt and trousers and I was only in my undies. We again kissed each other. This kiss lasted for around five minutes and after we broke our kiss, I opened one drawer and took out a pack of condom. I asked her whether She is in her safe period or not, She told him, yes I am, I said I am not going to take her chance and so I am going to use a condom. Hurriedly we removed each others remaining cloths and I started kissing her tits and She started playing with his cock. I then spread her legs and started licking her cunt. When her cunt was wet, I put on condom on my cock and said now I am going to fuck you. I pointed his cock on her cunt and gave it a push and my was about to shout, it was hurting her Seeing this I started kissing her and said relax. I applied some more force and tip of my cock was inside her, She was in tremendous pain. I keeps on kissing her and did not applied more force and let my cock remain there in two minute or so when She got used to my cock and pain also subsided I applied some more force and inch by inch I entered my cock in her cunt. I keeps on inserting some of my cock in her and let her feel and get used to it. In ten minutes or so most of my cock was inside her and pain also subsided. Then all of a sudden with a big force I pushed rest of my cock and all of my cock was buried inside me. My last push hurts her a lot and She was in tremendous pain and was in tears. The only thing stopping her from crying was his continuous kissing. During this process of around fifteen minutes She must have came around four times.

Once my cock was buried totally in her, she kept still for two minutes and her cunt also got used to it. I started pumping my cock in and out of her cunt slowly. At times I used to withdraw all of my cock except her head and then insert it again. After some times I increased pace of my strokes and I kept on pounding her for another five minutes. Now She also got used to it and started enjoying it and was fully co-operating with my stroke by stroke. Suddenly my body stiffened and I emptied my load in condom and fall exhausted on top of her. We remained in that position for around 15 minutes and then again we kissed each other. After some time I again started playing with her tits and started massaging her cunt. When she looked down she saw my cock was hard again, I asked her if she wants we can do it once more that night before sleeping. She agreed to it and then I spread her legs and inserted tip of my cock in her cunt, which was now bit used to of having a cock inside it. It didn’t pain as it pained earlier. I now increased my pace and started pumping it in and out and at times reduced my speed. She asked me why I am slowing his speed as She was near an orgasm, I told that way I will last for a longer time. I kept on pounding her for 20 minutes and in this time She came at least three times before I came.

We both were very exhausted and slept in each others arm. I woke her up at around 4.00 in the morning saying that it is time of other ceremony and we should freshen up and join other family members. Somehow I got up took bath and then joined other family members. She said She was very happy with what happened last night. After attending the marriage of my sister Ashima, went back to her house. And our mails friendship is continue. And In one email, I write, I want to fuck you in her house. She was hesitant initially but agreed after I convinced her that our meeting would be strictly confidential forever.

We decided to meet on a cool Monday morning, as many people would leave for their jobs and the people in her neighborhood would not notice a stranger in her house. I reached there before time & she welcomed me with a smile. Boy! she was looking gorgeous, stunning , pretty, inviting & totally she was SEXY! I went in & she closed the door behind me. She asked me to sit on a couch & I couldn’t take my eyes off her. She laughed and asked me what the matter was. I praised her beauty with all the words I knew & she blushed. Good heavens! if her husband could ignore such a beauty then I doubt his masculinity. We spoke for a few minutes & had tea. But I found it very hard to control myself for long. But I didn’t want to hurry up & lose the opportunity of such a beauty’s company. Just then the phone rang & her husband who was on a business trip & who was expected to arrive after three days was coming the very next day. This made her gloomy & she sat silent putting her head down. In her earlier mails & when we met in my sister’s marriage, she had told me about her husband who would quarrel with her everyday for no reasons at all. I slowly sat beside her & put my hand on her shoulder to console her. 

This was the beginning. She placed her head on my shoulder & the whole scene was romantic, slow music, faint perfume & above all a pretty woman beside me. I touched her cheeks & slowly moved my hands down to her neck. She was quicker than me, she pulled my face towards her & placed her lips over mine. We french kissed & sucked each other’s lips for about 10 mins & she pulled her hair band. Her waist length hair spread like a waterfall. And she looked even more fairer. I started unbuttoning her dress & she blushed, smiled & closed her eyes. 

I pulled her bra & saw the most wonderful pair of breasts I’ve ever seen. Her nipples were about half an inch long & inviting. I could not hold any longer, I started sucking them. She started making sounds like ssshhhhhhh………..aaahhh & pulled me nearer. I was sucking one while kneading the other. Slowly I made her lie on her back & moved towards her belly button. I inserted my tongue into it & she arched her body & emotionally said that she loves me & asked me to do it for the whole day. 

By this time, I was in pain. My cock was deliberately waiting to be freed. I stopped & asked her to move on to her bed. We moved to her bed room & on the way I was holding her boobs & tweaking her nipples from behind. She was laughing & enjoying. She pushed me on the bed & removed my trousers first & then my underwear. 

My cock sprang to its fullest size revealing the flesh with a few drops of pre cum. She took the cock & moving its shaft back, she took it in her mouth. I quickly removed my shirt & was completely naked. As she bent over me to suck my manhood, her long silky hairs fell on my stomach & covered the sucking scene from me. I pushed her hair towards a side & enjoyed the scene of my cock being tasted by a real beauty. She seemed to be an expert at blowjob & I was getting harder & stiffer. After about 15 mins, I was about to cum. I didn’t want to cum before her. So Suddenly I pulled her away from my cock & she looked at me in anger. I made her lie on her back & started to remove her panty. 

She had a clean shaved pussy (which I like) & I got down to kiss on her pussy lips. When I planted a kiss on her pussy lips, she started moaning in whisper & making sounds like ssss 

ssssss…aahhhhh. She caught my hairs & pulled my face closer to her pussy. I started licking her pussy as if I was starving from months & she started yelling aahh….deeper anil pleaseeee. I looked her face & it had a makeup of lust on it. 

Her juices were flowing continuously & it was only then I realized that the more beautiful a woman is, the more tastier her juices are. I inserted my middle finger in her pussy & started finger fucking her. With my other hand, I started slowly smearing her lips, tickling her on her neck & moved a little down to cup one of her breasts. Meanwhile I inserted my second finger also in her pussy and her moans turned into cries. 

Along with finger fucking I started spreading my fingers apart inside her pussy & rubbing the tender walls of her pussy. At the same time I was taking due care of both of her boobs by squeezing one & sucking the other. She was wriggling as a fish out of water & her cries touched the skies. She said iii aammmm…… .ccuuuummiinnngg & before she could finish her words she came violently & relaxed with a satisfied look on her cute face. But I didn’t stop fingering, sucking & tweaking her. 

She seemed to be regaining her strength & I immediately stopped as my hungry hard cock was craving for her pussy. I spread her legs & surprisingly she was ready within no time. I put her legs on my shoulder & slowly inserted my cock in her pussy. She screamed nnnnoooo….aaaahhh as though she was a virgin. But she was so cute that I felt I was really hurting her. 

I pulled my cock out of her pussy & kissed her passionately on her lips, chin & neck. She hugged me tightly, kissed me all over my face, took my cock in her hand & she herself inserted it into her love hole. I made slow pushes & she was moaning mmmmmmmm..ooooohhhh & at the same time pulling me inside her by putting her hands around my waist & ass. Slowly I increased my pace & her moans got louder. The whole room was filled with her moans with the rhythm of my balls slapping her ass. Both of us were sweating & her hairs were spread on the white pillow. While fucking her faster, I caught hold of her thighs which were on my shoulders & would nibble those milky white thighs & she was in the heaven. After about 20 mins, she came again & again for about three times & I was also about to come. Suddenly I removed my cock from her pussy & came all over her stomach, neck, face & hairs. She was really enjoying the pleasure with her eyes closed & had a satisfied look on her pretty face. 

I collapsed on her naked body with my cum all over her & hugged her. She was laughing with joy & told me that she had never enjoyed sex to this extent with her hubby. She kissed me passionately all over my body & wished I had to be her husband. We slept in each other’s arms for about an hour. Later we had sex 4 times till the evening, & then I left. She let me go only after I promised her that I will satisfy her whenever she needs me. 

You can send your feedback at the link below. I like to make new friend near about delhi.