 Eric decides to try UCLA. 

He finds a furnished apartment in Westwood. 

He decides not to enroll. He will just hang out on campus and acts like a student.

He goes to the campus and walks around, getting familiar with the layout. 

He sees lots of hot young ladies walking around. He makes eye contact with a few and flashes his smile. The all smile back at him.

As he is walking, a young lady falls in step with him. She looks up at him and smiles.

"Hi there, did you get all the classes you wanted?"

He smiles back at her.

"I got them all, just under the wire. They are filling up fast."

"I got all of mine too."

"What's your major, big guy?"

"I have two. Astrophysics and biological evolution.

Nice, smart and pretty. This one would be a good catch.

He sneaks glances at her, checking out her body. She is short, about 5 ft tall, nice B cups to match her size. Short blonde hair, blue eyes and a cute little button nose, and a great ass.

Looks like a hot little number. This is worth going after.

"My name is Eric, what do they call you."

"They name is Jane. My friends call me J."

"What's your major?"

"I'm a business and marketing major. I'm a senior. This is my last semester. 

I'm just going for a BA. I expect to land a middle management job somewhere"

"Eric, they are having a party tonight at the Sigma Beta fraternity. If you aren't too busy, maybe we could meet up there?"

"That sounds like fun. I never could resist an offer from a beautiful lady. What time is good for you?"

"I'll be there around 8pm. Is that good for you?"

"Perfect. I gotta run now, I'll see you there."

She writes the address on a note, hands it to him and walks away.

He watches her tight ass as she walks away.

It's gonna be nice holding those cheeks while she begs for my cum.

He goes back to his apartment and lays down for a nap. 

He wakes up a couple of hours later, goes to the kitchen and fixes a late lunch. 

He wanders into the living room and sits at his computer. He open his language site and works on his Chinese language study. 

A few hours later, he starts to get ready for his date with the hot body. 

He showers and puts on a pair of black Levi's and a white three button shirt. 

He climbs into her car and enters the address into his GPS. 

He walks into the sorority house, and looks for his babe. He sees her across the room surrounded by 3 guys. 

The all have glasses of beer.

A few of the girls look at Eric and flash big smiles. He smiles back.

Looks like they are hitting on my babe. We can't have that.

J spots Eric and hurries to his side. The three guys watch her hurry to Eric and frown.

She is wearing a white blouse, with her lace bra showing through, and a short denim mini skirt. 

She grabs Eric around the waist and gives him a hug. He hugs her back.

"Hi big guy, glad you made it. There are some of losers hitting on me. Thanks for saving me."

She hangs on his arm, letting all the other girls know he is hers.

"Can I get you a beer?"

"I'll have one if you are."

"Lets have one so we don't look like party poopers."

The each fill a glass with beer. 

Two of J's friends walk up, give Eric a big smile.

"J, introduce us to your hunk friend." 

They giggle.

J hangs on to Eric's arm, letting them know he is taken.

"This is Eric. Eric, meet Kelly and Sue."

Eric shakes their hands.

"I haven't seen you here before Eric, is this your first year here?"

"Yeah, I'm a lowly freshman.

"Whats your major?"

"Astrophysics and biological evolution."

"Wow, that sounds hard. We are business majors. That's where we met J."

J smiles. "They are majoring in hot guys, if the truth be known."

Everyone laughs.

Eric sees an empty sofa across the room. 

He leads J over to it and sits. 

She sits on his lap and snuggles up to him. He puts his arms around her and pulls her close.

"You feel so good in my arms, babe."

She purrs and holds him closer, pressing her breasts against him.

He lifts her chin and kisses her gently on the lips.

She sticks her tongue out and licks his lips. 

He opens his mouth and takes her tongue in, gently sucking on it. 

She groans and returns his kiss. 

Her nipples get hard and her pussy leaks a little moisture.

"Geez Eric, where did you learn to kiss like that. You are the best kisser I ever met."

"I took Kissing 101 in high school."

"You must have gotten a 4.0."

She laughs and goes back for more. 

She really gets into kissing him, and her pussy get wetter.

He slides his hand down to her tight ass and gently caresses it. 

She is breathing hard and getting really hot. 

She whispers in his ear. "Let's get out of here. It's way too warm here."

The go outside and he stops her, pulls her up on her tiptoes and kisses her again, pressing her against his bulging cock. 

She squeals and hangs on, pressing against him.

"My car is just down the street. Let's go to my place."

"Good idea. I'm so hot for you I can't stand it."

She hugs him arm to her breast as they drive to his apartment.

He closes the door and pulls her to him.

"God, you feel good, baby. I can't get enough of you." 

She pulls out his shirt and runs her hands under it, caressing his hard body. 

"Oh my, you feels so good." 

He reaches down and unbuttons her blouse and pulls it off her shoulders, dropping it to the floor. 

He reaches behind her and unsnaps her bra. It falls to the floor between them.

He pulls his shirt off and hugs her naked breasts to him. 

She gasps when her nipples touch him.

"Oh Eric, this is so wonderful, holding you. I don't ever want to stop."

He picks her up in his arms and carries her to the bedroom, and lays her on the bed. 

She feels like a cave man is carrying her to his cave. 

He reaches down and unbuttons her skirt and pulls it off. He pulls off her bikini panties and steps back to feast his eyes on her.

"You are so beautiful. I can't stop looking at you."

"Can I see you naked too?"

He takes off his pants and boxer briefs.

Her jaw drops and her eyes get big.

"My God, Eric. Your cock is huge. Are you sure it will fit in me?"

"It will if you really want it."

"I want it, but this is sort of my second time. I'm not sure how to do this."

"I can't believe someone as beautiful as you are still a virgin."

"I've had boy friends, but I gave them hand jobs. I tried once, but he came as soon as he got the head in."

"I just never had one that made me feel really special"

He lays down beside her, taking her in his arms. 

"Just enjoy, baby, everything will be fine"

She snuggles up close to him. 

"I am enjoying this. You make me feel so good."

He leans down and kisses her nipple. She squeaks and lightening bolts go from her nipple to her pussy.

He kisses each one, back and forth. 

Her pussy is leaking juice down her ass crack. 

He slides down her body kissing a trail down to her pussy. 

He spreads her legs and kisses her pussy lips. She groans and humps up against his face. 

He licks up and down her pussy, drinking in her juice.

"Oh, baby, your mouth feels wonderful on me. More more more."

He pushes up on her little hood, exposing her clit and give it a lick.

She screams as an orgasm surges through her body.

"Eric, that was amazing. How did you do that. That feels so much better than when I do myself."

He continues attacking her clit, sending orgasm after orgasm through her.

She can't control herself, her hips are thrashing all over the place. 

He has to hold her in place so he doesn't lose contact with her pussy.

"Stop stop, it's too sensitive. I can't take anymore."

He slides up next to her and rolls her on top. 

"Get on your knees over my cock and just touch your pussy against the head."

"Then lower yourself down on it. Go slow so you get used to it."

She scoots down and grabs his cock, and places it at her pussy. 

She slowly drops on it, feeling it part her lips. 

The head pops in and she squeaks.

"It's in, baby. It's so big, but ok so far."

She slides down a little farther, filling her pussy with cock.

"It hurts a little."

"Stop and let your pussy get used to it. 

Move around a little and make it feel good."

She rotates her hips, pushing and pulling it in and out a little.

"Oh, that's good. I can't wait till I get all of it in."

"Just keep taking a little at a time. It feels so tight on my cock."

She continues working it in, slowly up and down.

Finally, she gets it all in and she feels his balls against her ass.

"I did it, baby, I got it all in. I am so stretched around your big cock. I didn't think I could do it."

"It's so hot and tight on my cock. You did great. Now, push against my pelvis bone and rub your clit on it. Then pull out till just the head is in and then all the way back in. Each time down, rub on my bone."

He holds her hips as she starts moving. Slowly at first, she starts picking up the pace. 

She hits bottom and rubs on his bone, and her pussy goes crazy. 

She squirts pussy juice all over Eric and screams through her first orgasm by cock. 

Her head goes back and she cries out. 

"oh oh oh oh oh." 

She cums for three or four minutes and then falls limp on his chest. 

Her pussy is squeezing his cock and their juice is running all over Eric's cock and balls. 

She grabs him around the neck and kisses all over his chest and neck.

"You beast, what have you done to me. That was amazing, and you're still hard in me."

"Just hang on baby, we aren't finished yet."

He grabs her waist and starts thrusting up into her. She moans and meets his thrusts.

They speed up, going for the big one.

He feels it starting and goes faster. She matches him stroke for stroke.

"I want you to cum in me. Will you do that for me. I won't be your woman till you cum in me."

"Hang on baby. I'm almost there."

His cock erupts into her clutching pussy, blast after blast. 

The both scream out and their bodies are ripped with ecstasy. 

He keeps stroking into her till his balls are empty. 

She falls on his chest as his cock shrinks and falls out. 

They hold each other and the passion fades.

"She looks into his eyes and says.

"I'm your woman now."

She glows with pride on taking his cum, unprotected. 

I did it and it was amazing. It must be that I met my special guy tonight. He really makes me hot.

"You are an amazing woman now. You're a fast learner."

"I just let it happen, like you told me to. You are a good teacher. I can't believe how happy I feel. I'm on a cloud. And what makes it so special is you are here with me."

The snuggle up together and fall off to sleep.

J wakes the next morning to Eric sucking on her nipples, not sure if it a dream or real. 

She looks down and sees it's real. She caresses his face as her attacks her breasts. 

He twirls one nipple and sucks the other, switching back and forth. 

He is laying on her and she opens her legs and hooks her heels behind his back. 

She thinks back to the wonderful sex they had last night. Her pussy starts leaking juice down her ass crack.

"Oh God, you make me so hot with is tongue. I am so lucky to have found you."

"Baby, did I thank you for giving me your cum last night? You were so wonderful. You are so kind and gentle. I'm glad it was you."

"I'm glad I was that person you thought was special enough for that. I should thank you."

He slides up and kisses all over her face and neck. 

She giggles. 

"My neck is my weak spot. It feels so good when you kiss me there." 

He attacks her neck and she starts humping up against him. 

He slides up a little higher and his cock head finds her pussy lips. 

She groans when it touches her. He slowly pushes against her pussy, letting the head slide in. 

Her lips spread, letting the head in. She moans as he enters her. 

She humps at him trying to get it all in. He lets her reach up and take more of him. 

She finally pulls all the way up and takes it all. 

He reaches under her ass and holds her up, flexing his cock in her. 

She cries out as an orgasm flows out from her pussy.

She tries to get it in deeper, pushing up against him. 

He drops down, pinning her to the bed so she can't move. 

He flexes his cock in her over and over. 

She goes wild and has another orgasm. 

She can't move so she squeezes him with her pussy muscles. 

She cries out his name and one orgasm follows another. 

She loses count after the fourth one hits her. 

He raises up and starts stroking his cock into her. 

All the way out and all the way to the bottom. 

She picks up his rhythm and squeezes him, trying to make him cum. 

He feels her getting tired and takes control. Faster and faster. 

She cries out begging for him to cum. 

"Please baby, cum in me. Please please. Now, now, now."

He grabs her ass and pulls her up to him and unloads his seed, deep in her clutching pussy.

"Now baby, give me all your love."

She pushes up harder against him and squeezes his cock tighter in her pussy.

The both cry out and a mutual orgasm overtakes them. 

She keeps squeezing his cock, milking the last drops from him. 

She keeps her legs locked around his waist, holding his semi hard cock in her pussy.

"You're stuck in me. You can't get away. That's mine forever."

He recovers somewhat and says in mock terror.

"Help help, I'm trapped in a wild woman's pussy. I can't get away. Help help."

She giggles and holds him tighter.

After a time, he rolls off her and his cock makes a slurping noise as it comes out of her. 

Their combined juice runs out of her pussy getting all over her pussy and ass. 

He reaches down and rubs their juice all over her thighs and stomach. 

"Eewww you got cum juice all over me." 

He raises his hand up to let her lick the cum off of it. She sucks on each finger and licks his palm.

"That's our love juice, and you love it. Tell me you do."

"It tastes so good and it's probably good skin lotion too."

"Are you ready for a shower, baby. We have love juice all over us. We can't run around all day like this.

"I could. It feels wonderful all over me. I can't wait for the next batch."

"You may have to carry me to the shower. I don't think my legs work. They were busy hanging on to you."

"I'll help you. Come on."

They take a shower and dry each other off.

"Hey baby, lets stay naked all day."

"I won't be able to keep my hands off you. Are you up to it?"

"I won't either, but that's my plan. I'm wet just thinking about it."

"I think I've created a sex maniac."

They go to the kitchen and make a nice breakfast. 

He rubs some bacon on her nipples and sucks it off. 

She gets on her knees and runs some on his cock and sucks it off.

She giggles. "This is the best breakfast ever."

Her cell phone rings.

"I wonder who that is."

'Hello"

"Hi Kim. Did you survive the party?"

"I don't know him. Was he good?"

"Ha ha, no one will notice how funny you walk."

"Eric"

"Yes, he is pretty."

"I never kiss and tell."

"Yes, I'm there now."

"He he. I lost count."

"I'm not an animal."

Eric shouts: "Yes she is"

J giggles.

"You keep your hands off of him. I'll rip your eyes out."

"You would too. I know you."

"Yeah, I gotta go too. I have business to take care of."

"OK, bye."

"She is such a slut, but a good friend. Watch out for her. She wants you body."

"Don't worry, baby. I wouldn't ruin your friendship with her."

"I intend to keep you so worn out you won't be able to do her."

"Is that a promise?"

They hang out, naked, all day, screwing whenever they want. 

That evening they go out to dinner. She wants to show off her hunk to everyone.

After dinner she tells him.

"I have to go home. I need to check on my cat and get some rest. You wore me out today. I want to be able to walk straight tomorrow."

He drops her off and heads back to his apartment.

She shuts the door and starts dancing around.

"I got a hunk lover. I got a hunk lover. I want to fuck his brains out."

The next morning, Kelly calls.

"Hi Kelly."

"Both our you?"

"OK, I'll put the coffee pot on."

"Bye."

Kelly and Sue walk in and shut the door.

The all hug and head into the kitchen. The girl talk for a while.

Then Kelly says: "OK Miss Hot Pants. I want all the details."

"Oh, I can't believe him. 

He is so sweet and gentle and strong. But, most of all he is so loving. 

He makes me all gooey inside just looking at him. His eyes look right into your soul."

"How many times did you guys fuck?"

"We had a naked day yesterday, so I don't remember how many times. I think seven times, but I'm not sure. I really remember the first one. I think I came four times. He can go on forever. My pussy is so sore I may have to go to the doctor."

"Did you guys use condoms, or did he pull out?"

J's eyes pop out.

"Oh shit! I didn't even think about that. I was so hot for him it never entered my mind. I should go get a morning after pill. I can't get preggers now. I need to finish school first."

"J, I'm so happy for you. It sounds like you really found a keeper."

"You seem so in love with him. I promise not to poach. I really want the best for you."

The girl talk for another hour and Kelly and Sue leave.

J goes into her bedroom and strips off all her clothes. She stands in front of her mirror, looking over her body. 

"You look like you have been all fucked out." She breaks out in a big grin. 

She rubs some lotion on her tender pussy lips and lays on the bed. 

She puts a finger in her pussy and drifts off to sleep, thinking of Eric's beautiful cock.

Eric wakes up the next morning and goes down for some breakfast. He thinks about all the sex he had with J. 

"She is good. I need to plant a seed in her. She would be a good mother."

He calls J.

"Hi babe, how you feeling today."

"Just a little sore, huh?"

"Yeah, me too."

"Yeah, I could use a day off too."

"How about tomorrow night?"

"Your place for dinner? Sounds good."

"I'll see you at 7."

"Bye"

He decides to go to the campus and see what's going on. He throws some snacks and his laptop in his back pack and heads out.

He finds some shade under a tree and sits down. He opens his laptop and brings ups his Chinese language site.

Before long, two girls walk up.

"Hi, you look like you're working hard there."

"Hi girls. Just getting set up for the my classes."

"What's your major?"

That seems to be the standard hello line here.

"I have two. Astrophysics, and Biological Evolution. I'm just starting here. A lowly freshman."

"Wow, that sound like some heavy stuff."

"We have two too, Sociology and and hot guys"

"That sounds like fun. Does that keep you busy?"

"We are having a party at our apartment tonight. If you aren't busy, why don't you come by."

"That's a really nice offer, but I'm in a relationship now. I don't think she would like that."

"Oh well. We were gonna double team you. Your loss."

They turn and walk off.

Eric chuckles. 

"There are some nice looking sluts here."

An hour later, an older guy walks up.

"Hi, I'm the football coach here. I looked you over and you look like a defensive back to me. You interested in trying out?"

"That's a nice offer, coach, but I am going to be carrying a heavy load this semester. I don't think I'll have time. My studies require lots of studying and writing papers."

"Well, if you change your mind, look me up."

"Thanks, coach."

A few flirty girls walk by and he returns their smiles.

He gets up and packs his back pack and walks around the campus for an hour, checking out the hot babes.
