 "Just come to one class. I'll even pay for it" Daisy nagged playfully poking my shoulder as I stood at the kitchen bench chopping veggies for dinner. Daisy was my long time girlfriend who had, in recent months got on the fitness bandwagon. She had started going to classes at the gym. I always thought she had a nice body but her work at the gym was really paying off, the muscles in her thighs, abs and arms were gaining great definition. I've never found her sexier. Since she had caught the fitness bug she had consistently bugged me to come to one of these classes. That's not to say I was unfit, I just didn't like the idea of paying for gym membership when I can get a decent workout at home; which I did fairly consistently. Daisy wrapped her arms around my waist and nuzzled her cheek between my shoulder blades.

"C'mon. One class then we can come back to yours for a shower afterwards" She said. She knew I'd say yes. I chopped a tomato in half and sighed. I could feel her cheek press into my back as she smiled.

"One class" I muttered "Then you let me stay home, okay?" I joked.

"You got it. There's a class on tomorrow night"

The next afternoon I pulled out my gym shorts and a tank top and got changed out of my work clothes. Daisy came by at 5pm and we drove down to her gym a few blocks from my flat. She was wearing a pair of black lycra tights and a blue top, the entire ensemble hugged her curvy figure and ample breasts; she looked very sexy. At a red light she glanced over at me and giggled.

"What's funny?" I asked

"You look so cute in your little gym outfit" She smiled at me. At the gym I signed a waiver and Daisy's membership got me into the session for free. We walked past the weight machines and cardio equipment heading for the large room where the classes were held. Inside was a polished wood floor with a raised platform at one end and racks of barbells with weights and yoga mats at the other. There were about two-dozen people in there, mostly women but there were a couple guys too. Daisy and I busied ourselves with setting up our mats and selecting the weights we needed.

"You don't want to go too heavy. We're already dating so you don't need to impress anyone" Daisy said as she bunched her dark blonde hair into a high pony tail. I chuckled and loaded my bar with double the weight she was using. 

"You'll be sorry" she said wryly. I was going to give a smart-ass comment but the instructor piped up.

"Good evening, guys. Let's get started. My name is Rebecca and I'll be running tonight's class. Everyone got their gear sorted? She paused for a moment 

"Okay, let's do it!" Her voice rose in enthusiasm as she turned and switched on a P.A. system that began to pump music. 

"Okay, keep your core tight and pick those bars up!" She shouted over the music. We obeyed and hoisted our weights up and began to copy her movements to start our warm-up. 10 minutes later I was beginning to sweat and the veins in my arms and chest stood out from the reddened skin. Luckily we changed to a leg exercise before I was tired.

"Squats now, keep your heels on the floor and your bum out! Here we go!" Rebecca cried out. We shouldered our bars and go into position. I began to stare at Daisy's firm buttocks tensed through her tights, hugging the delicate contours of her thighs and butt cheeks. I had to fight the urge to spank her. We began to do squats and I immediately began to feel a burn through my thighs and calves.

By the time we had a short break I was sweating and most of my muscles were burning. Daisy's face was red and sweating too so I assume she was feeling the same thing. Turning to me I could see the glistening sweat on her chest and down her cleavage. I don't know why but something about a woman sweating turns me on, not profusely sweating but just enough to have that nice sheen.

"How are you holding up?" She asked taking a sip from her water bottle. 

"I'll live, but I may need a massage later" I grinned at her. 

To my relief the class didn't have any more thigh work. Instead we worked our abs and backs, tensing and grunting as we strained to haul the weights around. We finished off with some sit ups and push ups. Before long Rebecca shut the P.A off and hung up her weights.

"Great work tonight, everyone. Make sure you return your gear and I'll see you next time" 

Daisy and I hung up our weights and headed out to the car. I mopped sweat off my brow and my arms as we walked. Soon we were at my front door. I turned the key and opened the door for Daisy. I watched her supple buttocks swirl as she walked, those firm mounds washing left and right with her step. A small 'V' of sweat had collected on the black lycra over her butt crack, outlining those gorgeous humps even more. I was so focussed on her amazing ass that I hadn't even noticed she had taken off her sports bra. She was looking into my eyes now as she put one foot up on the coffee table and began to undo her trainers; her breasts were hanging naked as she leant over. I pulled my shirt off and started to take my shoes off as well, our eyes were still locked but our peripheral vision surveyed our bodies. 

She took off her other shoe and turned away from me, pointing her lycra clad butt. I was getting hard looking at her as she teased. She rolled her tights down her hips, past her ass to her knees then to the floor. The sheen of sweat was gone from her skin barring the v of sweat in her underwear. She turned back to me and ran her hands very lightly down my swollen arms, touching the vein in my bicep. She kissed me for a moment, pressing her breasts into my body and letting her thighs brush the firmness of my erection.

"Sit" She said gently pushing me to the couch. Our skin was tacky with old sweat and we stuck very lightly every time we made contact. I flopped into the couch admiring Daisy's elegant form as she turned and sat in my lap, my bulge pressing against her. 

"You're not tired from the gym?" I asked

"Nowhere near. It was sexy watching you workout. I got so turned on seeing you do push-ups, seeing how strong you could be. I just wanted to be under you getting fucked"

I reached around and cupped her breasts and began to knead them, playing gently with her nipples. 

"You were pretty hot yourself. Your ass looks amazing when you do squats" I said. She began to grind back and forth, massaging my cock with her ass feeling its length and girth slide between us.

"Hmm, you like that don't you?" she purred

"Yes I do"

She stood momentarily to pull her underwear down to the floor, revealing the soft lips of her pussy and the trimmed bush of blonde hair there. I reached into my shorts and pulled out my penis, its long, veiny shaft pulsed with anticipation.

Daisy slowly lowed herself down so her moist pussy was touching the tip of my dick, leaving a dab of moisture. She reached forward to the coffee table, showing me her whole pussy and her asshole. She began to move up and down brushing my cock with her ass, running the tip down between the cheeks over her butthole to her hot pussy then back up. She was teasing me so badly.

"Do you like what you see?" Daisy asked softly as she looked over her shoulder at me. I nodded; she reached back and pulled her pussy open, parting the labia and showing its hot pink inside. She smiled and purred again before adjusting herself so my cock was at her vagina's entrance. She slowly began to lower herself down its length feeling it fill her with its size. We both moaned lowly as I slid deep inside her feeling the heat of her slick opening. 

Soon my full length was completely encased in her warmth. She began to pump up and down on my stiff prick. At first she would only move an inch or so, letting the head of my cock massage deep inside of her pussy. Gradually she removed more of my length with each stroke till only the tip remained inside her molten pussy before plunging back into her. She moaned in pleasure gripping the coffee table for balance as she bounced her glorious pussy. I licked my lips looking down at her labia swallow my cock, stretching to accommodate my girth. I reached around her hip to rub her clit, fingering the firm little bump. Daisy moaned again at the added stimulation.

"Oh that's good, just little circles, baby. Oh you're gunna make me cum, keep going" She gasped as her humping sped up, I felt her vagina squeeze around my dick and Daisy began to squeal as she came. She paused for a moment reeling after she came and gyrated her hips around, pushing my dick into every corner of her warm body. She slid gingerly off my cock, turned and straddled me; I was back inside her in seconds. She was sweating across her face and chest, that gorgeous, sexy sheen. I cupped her butt with one hand and pulled a nipple to my lips with the other. I felt her hands twist into my hair and hold be against her tits where I licked and sucked. Her body slapped against mine and we both began to sweat profusely, our cores were still hot from our workout. I pulled back and watched her ride me, her ample melons bounced and swayed with the rhythm of her thrusts. I could feel her clit brush my skin with each thrust bringing her closer to another orgasm. Her eyes were burning and lustful with a familiar green fire I loved. She placed her hands against my chest for more leverage as she grated her pussy down on my shaft, her mouth hung open and her hips began to blur with her strokes. She craned her neck to try look down at where our bodies began one. She was going to come soon. I could feel that firm pulse from my body that told me I was about to orgasm and dump a bucket of cum inside Daisy's sweet pussy. I wanted to look into her eyes as she came but they were aimed down at our groins. I reached up and gripped her hair tightly, I made a short tug that brought her face up to mine, and she let out a short gasp

"I want to look at you when you come" I said. Daisy nodded as best she could with her hair still bundled in my fist. Her gasping and moaning paused for a moment and her eyes opened wide, I felt her pussy squeeze tightly around my penis as she came. Seeing her eyes go so wide and feeling that extra wetness of her cum pushed me to the edge. 

"Keep going. I'm so close, Daisy" I panted. Daisy kept fucking me hard and fast making her thighs slap against mine. Suddenly at the top of a stroke Daisy slipped off my cock and knelt on the floor between my legs releasing the smell of fresh pussy juice. She began to jerk me off with the same speed that she had been humping me. Her slippery juices covered my glistening cock and lubricated her soft palms as they slipped up and down the length of my shaft. 

"Give me that cum, big boy"She demanded

I gripped the edge of the couch as I felt my balls contract and jets of pearly white cum began to shoot onto Daisy. My body pumped cum up to her neck and chest, drooling down to her huge breasts leaving wet slicks behind them. I relaxed and sunk into the couch as Daisy slurped up the last few drops from the end of my dick. With one hand she continued to stroke me and slowly rub the cum across her tits with the other. My body pulsed with orgasm; I panted and slumped into couch. Daisy stood up, her gorgeously curved body was coated in sweat and cum.

"Shower?" She said looking down at me and smiling. I followed her round ass to the bathroom for a wash-down. We showered then spent the evening naked, enjoying each other's newly toned up bodies, admiring the new definition in muscles and the firmness of each others flesh.

Thanks for reading