 Eric decides head south and look for ladies at USC in Los Angeles. 

He only wants to fuck ladies with no emotional attachment.

He finds an furnished apartment a few blocks off campus. 

He goes online and looks up the profile page of the professors. 

He bypasses the men and checks out the women. 

He finds a hot looking one in the psychics department. 

He lists the classes she is teaching. 

He finds another hot one in the biology department. 

He lists her classes also. He drives over to the campus. 

He finds where the registration is happening. 

He signs up for the two ladies classes. 

He is not concerned about learning as he knows more than the professors in both classes. 

He only cares that they are married and hot.

The first day of psychics class, he sits in the third row and watches Charlene. 

She moves with grace he didn't expect. 

She is beauty in motion. 

Nice D cup, thin waist and hot long legs. 

He notices she is glancing at him off and on. 

He catches her eye and gives her a big smile. 

She keeps talking but smiles back. 

She calls on some students to answer questions. 

She picks him out for the next one. 

He gives her the right answer and she smiles at him and moves on. 

Finally, class ends and he walks by her podium and she say. "Excuse me." He stops and smiles at her.

She returns his smile and she gives him a quick once over with her pretty blue eyes.

"My name is Charlene." I'm sorry about the hard question. You are the first student starting in my class that ever gave me the correct answer. You surprised me."

"No problem. By the way, my name is Eric. I've done quite a bit of research before I decided on studying psychics. It seem really interesting. I plan on making a career of it."

"I find it very rewarding teaching psychics."

The chat for a few minutes, and he begs off, telling her he has another class.

He finds his biology classroom and takes a seat. 

He checks out the professor. Red hair, green eyes, B cup breasts, nice legs and a bright smile. She looks over the class and stops her gaze on him. He smiles and she returns his smile and blushes.

He thinks, "Wow, I'll bet her nipples are hard."

After class, he stops by and says. "Hi, my name is Eric. I am looking forward to this class. I took some online courses in biological evolution. I think this will give me a good foundation for my studies."

"That's nice. Oh, and my name is Joan. You have a little head start on some of the things we will be covering. Biological evolution, huh? You must have some interesting conversations with creationists."

"They are an interesting bunch. The seem so tunneled into a belief that you can't get through, even when presented with facts."

The both laugh. 

"You don't buy the creationist idea, so you must me an Atheist."

"I don't consider one book as evidence and I have too much respect for women to buy creationism. I don't like to see women denigrated."

That's and interesting outlook. I don't see that in many men."

" I find life more satisfying without worrying about reward and punishment."

"You're an interesting young man. Maybe we can chat again sometime."

"I would love that. How about coffee after class tomorrow? My treat."

"That would be nice. I like mine hot and strong."

He laughs. "Hot and strong it is."

"See you tomorrow in class."

They meet after class the next day and go off campus to a coffee shop. 

She is all smiles, hanging on his every word. 

The do a little shop talk and then he gets down to the real business.

"I see you are married. What does your husband do?"

"He sells medical supplies. He covers the southwest from California to Texas and up to New Mexico. He is a great salesman, but he is on the road a lot. There are lots of hospitals he has to cover."

"I couldn't imagine leaving such a beautiful lady home alone that much."

She blushes.

"I keep pretty busy with preparing for my classes and taking care of my cat."

"I don't have any plans for dinner tonight. I know we have just met. We could meet up somewhere that you will feel safe."

"I don't make it a habit to date my students, but you seem nice. My husband is out of town for the next two weeks. You're on."

"Well, it's not really a date. We are just going to eat together."

"We can meet a Jordan's, it's two doors down from here."

"Perfect. Is 7pm ok for you?"

"Just right."

"I have to get home and feed my cat. See you at 7."

"OK, bye.

He watches her tight ass as she walks out.

As Joan drives home, she is wondering what she just did.

Dating a student. She has never done that. 

"But, he is so fucking hot, I couldn't say no. I got a little wet just talking to him. I have to be careful with this guy. He may be between my legs before I know it."

Her nipples perk up and she gets wetter. 

She gets home and feeds and pets her cat.

"Oh crap, what will I wear. Should I go for it or just see what happens?"

She sorts through her closet and decides to go casual.

She picks a short mini skirt, a white semi sheer blouse and low heels. 

She runs a bubble bath, hops in, shaves her legs, pussy and underarms.

"Oh god, I feel like a teenager on her first date. Settle down girl."

A little later she starts getting ready. 

Light make up will work. 

She puts on bikini panties, short skirt. Starts to put on her bra and decides against it. 

She puts on her blouse and stands in front of her mirror.

"Damn you look hot. He will like seeing those nipples." 

She laughs.

She pets her cat goodbye and leaves.

Eric is waiting at 7. 

He sees her walking toward him. 

He sees her breasts gently swaying in rhythm with her beautiful legs. 

He stands and pulls a chair out for her. The give each other a big smile.

"I'm glad you made it. I thought you might change you mind."

"I thought you might. Thanks for not standing me up."

"I couldn't pass up on a chance to have dinner with a beautiful lady." 

She blushes and her nipples stick out against her blouse.

"Listen to you, with all your compliments."

The server comes over and Eric orders a carafe of the house Burgundy.

"I hope Burgundy is ok. I like that famous Burgundy bite."

"That's fine, They have a pretty good wine list here."

The enjoy a nice dinner and Eric orders another carafe of wine. 

The sip their wine and chat for a while. 

She is getting a little buzz. 

Now and then she bumps his arm with her braless breast.

"Are there any nice places near that has a good dance band? I haven't been dancing for a while."

She smiles. 

"I know a place a few blocks from here."

They take his car to a small night club with a three piece band. 

The take a table in a dimly lit corner and orders some more Burgundy. 

The band starts a slow set and he pulls her to the dance floor. 

He pulls her into his arms and they sway to the music. 

She sighs and moves closer to him, pressing her breasts to him.

He holds her close, letting her get used to being in his arms.

She relaxes against him and sighs.

She puts her cheek on his chest and he slides his hand down, just above her ass cheeks.

He pulls her a little tighter and she feels his huge cock against her stomach. 

Her nipples perk up and her pussy gets wet. 

The song ends and he holds her waiting for the next one to start. 

The next song starts and he leans down and kisses on the lips. She gasps and returns his kiss. 

She pushes harder against his cock and he sticks his tongue in her mouth. 

She opens her mouth and accepts his tongue.

They are both breathing heavy. 

The song ends too soon and they walk arm in arm back to the table. 

She looks at him and shakes her head.

"I don't know about you, Eric. You are a great dancer and kisser."

"I was going to say that about you."

The both smile and he leans over and kisses her again. 

He reaches down and cups her breast. 

She moans and pushes against his hand. He tweaks her nipple and she cries out softly. 

She reaches down and rubs her hand over his semi hard cock. 

Her panties are soaked and she is ready. 

With out saying a word, he stands up and pulls her up. He leads her out to the car.

"Your place or mine?"

"She says, "mine, and hurry."

The walk in her house. She slams the door, locks it. She throws her arms around his neck and kisses him. 

They both moan and he holds her to him with his hands on her ass. She rubs her body against his cock.

He pulls her dress up and rips off her panties. 

He grabs her ass cheeks and lifts her. 

He pushes her up against the wall and she locks her legs behind his back.

He lines his cock up with her pussy and thrusts into her pussy.

She takes all nine inches in one stroke and cries out in pain and pleasure.

"Oh god. Ram it in me. Take me hard with your big cock. Own my pussy. Take me. Take my pussy. Yes. Yes."

"Get ready for my cum. I'm gonna fill you up."

"No. no. I'm not protected. Please don't cum in me."

"You're taking my cum. I don't care what you want. You're taking it."

He slams hard into her, one stroke after another.

"Oh god. Yes. Cum in me. Take me hard. Make me cum with you. Slam me with you're big hard cock."

He gives one last violent thrust, grinds her clit and cums in her.

She screams and cums with him.

"Yes. Yes. Hot cum. Give it to me. So good. Yes. Yes."

He holds her ass and carries her to the bedroom.

He drops her on the bed and takes her clothes off.

He looks at her as he takes his clothes off.

He mounts her again and takes her slowly.

She locks her arms and legs around him and humps up, taking his cock all the way in.

She holds him and squeezes him.

He starts a slow, gentle rhythm."

"Oh yes. So strong and hard and now, so gentle. I love it. Love on me. Give me more of your cum."

He stops stroking and grinds her clit.

He takes her right to the edge and holds her there.

"Oh yes. Almost there. Make me cum now. Fill me with your hot cum."

He strokes and grinds just enough to hold her from cumming.

He feels is cum building and speeds up.

She feels him getting ready and squeezes as hard as she can.

"Ready, baby. Give it to me. Cum hard in me. Fill my pussy."

He holds his bone against her clit and unloads in her.

The both cry out in ecstasy.

He collapses on her, completely satisfied.

She holds him as her pussy milks the last of his cum.

He rolls off, trying to catch his breath.

"Baby, you are so good in me. You took me hard and then gentle. I love it. I want more of you. More and more."

"I have more for you baby. We are just getting started."

He takes one nipple in his mouth and sucks it up to a nice hard rock. 

She gasps and moans. 

He attacks both breasts, tweaking one and kissing the other. 

She takes his cock in her hand.

She gasps and say, "Fucking christ, look at the monster. That thing is huge."

"No wonder it hurt when you slammed into me."

She slides down, kisses it and slides the head in her mouth. 

She sucks on the head for a while.

He pull his cock out of her mouth and pushes her on her back. 

He kneels between her legs and slide his hands up, caressing the inside of her thighs. She 

spreads her legs, putting her heels behind his head to give his access to her sweet pussy. 

He kisses his way to her pussy and slowly licks up to her clit. 

He tastes their mixed cum. He doesn't mind. 

She groans and open her legs wider. 

He licks her lips, switching from one side to the other. He sticks one finger in her pussy. 

She groans louder. 

He sticks another finger in her and her pussy juice runs down her ass crack. 

He curls his finger up and touches her G spot. 

She cries out. 

He uses his other finger to pull up the hood on her clit. 

It pops out and he touches is gently with is tongue. 

She jerks her hips up and cries out again. 

He starts rubbing her G spot and sucking on her clit. 

She screams out and an orgasm spread from her pussy. 

He sucks harder and she has one continuous orgasm. 

He holds her there, listening to her scream. 

Finally he lets off and she returns to earth. She finally catches her breath.

"Hold shit, Eric. Where did you learn to eat pussy like that. Damn, that was the best I ever had. I though I was going to pass out. I may just chain you to my bed."

He puts the head of his cock on pussy lips.

He rubs the head against her pussy lips, hitting her clit with it. She starts humping as her juice runs down her ass crack.

"Easy with that big thing.

I've never had a cock that big and I'm a little tender there. You took me pretty hard."

"Baby, your pussy is so tight."

He makes a gentle thrust and gives her two inches. 

She screams and cums on his cock.

"Oh god, oh god. You're making me cum so easy now. I'm so sensitive."

He gives her another slow two inches and she screams and cums again.

'Oh Eric, You are so good with that cock. You are driving we crazy. Give it all to me, Please."

He slowly slides it in all the way. 

His head hits her cervix and she screams once again and cums on him. 

He grind on her clit with is bone and she moans and groan. 

He slowly pulls out and rams her hard, hitting her cervix again. 

She is screaming, out of control. 

He lets her regain her mind.

"Do you want to cum again, baby.?"

"Oh yes, I can't get enough of you. More more."

He starts stroking in and out. She meets each one with a thrust of her own. 

He stops thrusting and grinds on her clit again.

He can tell she is right at the edge.

Her pussy is milking his cock.

"I can't wait any more, cum in me. I want your cum. Please make us cum."

He pushes hard against her clit and grinds.

"Make me cum in you, baby, squeeze me and make me cum. I want to fill your pussy."

She pulls her ass up and takes his cock all the way in. 

Her muscles milk his cock. 

He can't hold out any longer and blasts her cervix with a huge load of cum. 

She screams and cums as his hot sperm erupts into her fertile womb. Wave after wave rocks them. 

She holds him in her pussy, milking the last drop out of his cock.

It takes them a while to come down. 

She has her legs locked around his ass and won't let go. Her pussy is twitching on his cock. 

He finally falls, exhausted by her side. She is still humping and moaning. He holds her close and she slowly regains her breath.

"Oh god, Eric. That is amazing. I've never felt like that. I didn't know fucking could be that good. You are the best pussy eating fucker on the planet."

"I'm that way because you turn me on so much. You are the hottest fuck on the planet, yourself."

"What am I going to do with you. You make me want to throw rocks at my husband. His cock is so small compared to yours. I will never be able to enjoy a small cock again. I've never been so full in my life."

She snuggles up to him and shivers under his touch. 

He reaches down and wets his hand in their cum juice and rubs it all over her thighs and stomach. She laughs, "Is the a good skin lotion?

"It's the best. Doesn't it feel good?"

"You are so bad, you naughty boy."

'I hope I'm not fertile tonight, You put enough cum in me to float a battleship"

"I couldn't stop, baby. You made me too hot."

"I know, I had to have it. You made me so hot my pussy wanted to be full of it."

"I just realized, I had three firsts tonight. I had the best cum on your tongue in my life. I had the best cum on your cock in my life, and I fucked one of my students." 

I am so bad and happy.

"Oh, and my pussy is ruined for normal cocks.

They hold each other for a while.

"You need to get out of here. I need some rest so I can teach tomorrow. If you stay here, we will fuck all night."

"Leaving will be the hardest thing I've done in a long time. You may have to call the cops and have me arrested."

He hugs her and kisses her and slowly crawls out of bed. He turns and looks at her.

"You are so beautiful. Especially with our cum juice all over you."

She throws a pillow at him. He gets dressed and she walks to the door with him. He gets a naked hug and walks out the door.

She walks back to her bedroom and looks at the bed. She smiles.

"I have never been fucked like that. Look at all the cum on the sheets. What a mess."

She reaches down and gets some cum on her finger and sucks it clean.

"mmmm We taste so good. Yummy. I want some more of that and I want to sleep with our cum on me."

She lays in the puddle cum.

"I'm so bad, but this feels so nice."

She wiggles around in it, spreading it all over her body. 

She pulls the covers up, turns out the light and falls asleep, dreaming of Eric's big cock in her pussy.

The next day, Eric goes to his psychics class. 

His hot professor starts asking various students why they are interested in psychics. 

She comes to Eric and he replies. 

"I want to discover a way to detect dark matter and dark energy and harness it."

She is very impressed.

After class she stops him on the way out.

"That's an admirable goal. What do you think are the chances you can do this?"

"They laughed at the Wright brothers."

"Well, I hope you succeed. It will solve all the energy problems for the world."

"Maybe we could discuss it over coffee."

"I have some free time. Let's go."

Little does she know, he already has the knowledge.

They meet at an off campus coffee shop and take a seat in the back. They discuss his ideas.

"Where did you get these ideas?"

"I met this little, abrasive, rude professor. 

We had long discussions about it. 

He was brilliant, but he was so offensive that no one would listen to him."

"I want to thank you for hearing me out on my ideas. It's hard to discuss them with people who aren't interested in psychics."

"You're welcome. You have some good ideas."

"I see you are married, what does your husband do?

"He teaches Math at a local high school. He has numbers on his brain. 

Sometimes it's hard to get through the numbers and talk to him.

"That's too bad. Communication is very important for a good marriage."

"I don't mean to be forward, but I would like to meet you for dinner this evening."

"That would be nice. My husband is at a teachers conference this week, so I have some free time. There is a Red Lobster across the street. We could meet there."

Great, is 7pm OK?

"I'll see you at 7."

They leave and go their separate ways.

"Dinner, drinks and dancing always work.

I can't wait to hear her beg for my cum."

They meet at the Red Lobster and have a carafe of wine with their dinner. 

She is a little tipsy. He suggests they go to a club with a dance band. 

She agrees. 

The dance a few fast numbers and the band starts a slow set. 

He takes her in his arms and they float around the dance floor.

"OH my. This feels so good to dance close. It's been so long for me. My husband has two left feet. I've tried to teach him to dance. He just can't get it."

He holds her close, her breasts against his chest. 

She lays her head on his shoulder and sighs. 

He pulls her against his huge cock and she pulls back. 

He pulls her against it again and she groans and holds him close. 

His cock pressing against her stomach makes her melt. 

He kisses her on the forehead. She pulls back and smiles at him and he kisses her lips. 

She gasps and returns his kiss. 

She pushes against his cock and sticks her tongue in his mouth. 

Their tongues meet and their temperatures rise. 

They dance two more songs and her pussy is soaking her panties.

"Eric, I need to sit for a minute."

They sit at their table and he kisses her again. 
