 I managed to get quite a few of my female friends in bed over the years, and while I'm sure not all of them were memorable, there were quite a few that were. 

Lynda was one of those memorable ones. We've literally been friends forever. She's always amazed me. She started out as a ugly duckling. And one year, somewhere along the way, she turned into a swan. I can't even really tell you when or where. All I know is one day, she rocked my world. 

I hadn't seen her in a while, then out of nowhere I heard a familiar voice call my name. I turned and looked, and there stood this amazing girl. It took me a minute, and I said,

"Lynda? Wow, you look amazing! How have you been?"

We sat and talked for a while, just catching up. I found out she was dating one of my friends (the lucky bastard). The entire time she was talking, I was majorly distracted. I was looking at her. 

She's about five foot five, with long blonde hair. She has a narrow waist, and her hips and ass are amazing. As is her chest. She's a big 36C, and the day she ran into me she was wearing a button down shirt with no bra. Every time she moved, that chest shifted and jiggled enticingly. It brought back memories of one New Year's Eve. She and I shared a kiss at midnight, and I accidentally got a really good grope. It was one of those close your eyes and go to put your arms around her things, and your hands end up in the wrong place. The thing that got me was the fact she didn't complain when it happened. 

Anyway, back to the story. She was driving me nuts talking to me, but I managed to get through it without getting caught. When she left, I watched that heart shaped ass walking away, and I knew I wanted to have fun with her. 

We talked quite a bit after that. I always got phone calls from her at the oddest times. We were both late night people, so there were quite a few late night calls. And those conversations always seemed to turn to sex. 

One night was especially memorable though. We were talking about her parents lake place that night. 

"Do you know what I like most about that place?"

"No idea Lynda."

"It's secluded. Our neighbors there aren't even close to us. And this time of the year, they're not even there. I could go skinny dipping and no one would see."

That got my attention right away. 

"I can see where that would be lots of fun. Do you like skinny dipping?"

"I do. I love being naked in the water like that. Right there in the dark where there's always the possibility of being seen."

"I completely understand that. And it sounds like a lot of fun."

Then she completely shocked me. 

"So would you like to tonight?"

"Would I like to go skinny dipping with you? Is that what you're asking?"

"Yeah. Right now. Tonight."

"I'll be there in ten minutes."

I got in my car and headed out to her lake place. Her car was there when I got there. She was right too. The entire area was dark, and the nearest neighbors place was dark with no cars there. We had the entire area to ourselves. 

She got up out of her lawn chair as I approached, and have me a quick hug. Then she pulled off her shirt, exposing a blue bikini top. She was wearing cut off shorts with it. I stripped off my shirt, leaving me in my cut offs. I was a little surprised when she went in the water still dressed though. But hey, a late night swim with a beautiful girl was still great. 

We both played in the water. It was an incredible feeling, the water on our bodies in the dark. There's just something about that. It's totally different than swimming during the day. 

We seemed to be drawn to each other that evening. The more we played in the water, the closer we seemed to get. Finally we were inches from each other, talking as we stood in the dark lake. 

"This is amazing, isn't it?"

"It is. I've never really experienced swimming like this before. I am kind of bummed though."

"Why are you bummed?"

I looked at her just inches away from me and said,

"Because I thought we were going skinny dipping. That would have made the really interesting."

She had a sly look on Wednesday face when she said,

"It would? What would happen if we were skinny dipping?"

"You never know do you. But with the seclusion, and the darkness? The possibilities are endless." 

She thought about that for a moment, then stood up. The water we were in was just below her knees, so I had a fantastic view of her body up close and personal. 

"Then let's do it. I'd like to know each those... possibilities are."

Standing myself, I said,

"Here. Let me help you."

I reached up then, and untied the top right behind her neck. Then I peeled off her top, watching as more and more skin was exposed. As it fell to her waist, I saw those fantastic tits in all their glory. Her nipples were big, and incredibly hard. I slipped her top off completely, then said,

"Are you ready for the big reveal?"

She just nodded, so I reached out to unsnap her jeans. The button popped open, and I unzipped them. Then I slid them down her long legs. 

There she stood completely naked in front of me. She looked so good, and naturally I was hard as a rock. I threw her clothes on the dock nearby, and reached down to take off my shorts. She saw what I was doing and stopped me. 

"Let me do that for you."

Let an amazing naked woman take off my clothes? Like I'm going to argue with that. So I smiled and stood there in front of her. 

"Go ahead. Be my guest."

She reached down, and I felt her hands on the button of my shorts. Her hand were trembling a bit, but she managed to unsnap them. Then she slowly unzipped them, and began sliding them down my legs. 

That was actually the funniest part of the evening. My cock is 8 inches, and was rock hard. When my shorts slid past my hips, my cock sprang out almost hitting her in the face. She giggled at that, then managed to slip my shorts off, throwing them on the dock with her clothes. 

We both got a good long look at each other, then she got a little embarrassed. She turned away, and swam off for a minute. I followed her, and gave her time to adjust to the new experience. Finally she looked at me again. We were both in the water up to our necks. Finally she said,

"I'm sorry. This is the first time I've ever skinny dipped with a guy. That was a little overwhelming."

"I know what you mean. When I saw you naked, I was completely speechless. I've watched you for years, and always wondered what that would be like. But reality of it? Wow!"

She smiled when I said that. 

"Thank you. To be honest, I've thought about you that way in the past."

"I completely get that. You've starred in a few of my fantasies. Well, mostly since that accidental grope on New Year's."

She smiled at the memory, then asked,

"So what usually happens in your fantasies? If you don't mind me asking that is."

"Not at all. Usually we're like this; both of us naked and inches away from each other. Then I start things off by doing this."

Reaching out, I pulled her close to me, so her naked body was right against mine. I could feel every inch of her pressed up against me, and it felt just as good as I'd dreamed it would. Her arms slid around my waist as we stood there in the dark, enjoying the new sensations. Then my hands started wandering, caressing her slick back. She pressed even closer to me then. I said,

"You feel just as amazing in my arms as I thought you would.".

She looked up at me then, and I couldn't resist any longer. Leaning down, I kissed her. Not the gentle kind of kiss we'd shared before. This was a kiss filled with passion and urgency. Her mouth opened, and our tongues slipped into each other's mouth. My hands slid up her back again, then reached for those wonderful tits. They more than filled my hands, and as I caressed them, she pushed her body against me harder. That just made my day, a naked wet woman pressed against me. 

Her legs wrapped around my hips then as I held her there in the lake. Then her hand started exploring. I felt it slide over my chest, then it continued downward. I knew her hand was going to feel great when it got to it's final destination, and I was right. Her fingers encircled my cock, and she started stroking me gently and slowly. Knowing it was Lynda doing that was even more of a turn on, and I had to concentrate hard not to cum right there. I managed though, and started moving us both toward the dock. Fucking in the water isn't easy, and we had a wonderful empty spot right there just waiting for us.

We got there, and I got her out of the water, so she was sitting on the dock right in front of me. This have me complete and easy access to her body, and that's exactly what I wanted. 

I leaned forward and started kissing her nipples. They were wonderfully hard already, and my tongue and teeth just made them stiffer. I looked up and saw her watching me as I did. That's exactly the moment that my hands started their journey up her thighs. As they slid across the smooth skin, higher and higher, her head tilted back and her eyes closed. I started kissing lower then, licking and kissing my way down her body. Her legs went over my shoulders as I reached her hot pussy, and immediately slipped my tongue into her. 

She tasted fantastic, and she started moaning as my tongue explored her. My fingers slipped into her, and her ass started rocking toward them. 

She came twice as I ate her wet pussy right there on the dock. Finally, the sensations were to much for her, so I stopped to let her catch her breath. 

She finally did, and I leaned forward to kiss her again. She surprised me by not only not even hesitating, but by licking my cum covered mouth and lips. I love it when a woman does that, but from her it was a surprise. She must have seen the expression on my face, because she smiled and said,

"I've always wondered what I tasted like, but I've never found out until tonight."

"You taste wonderful dear. Did you like the taste?"

She nodded her reply, and that sent wonderfully nasty thoughts running through my head. While they were fun, they were obviously for another time. She realized I'd kind of drifted off for a moment there. So she got my attention by saying,

"Would you like to trade places with me now?"

There was no way I was turning that down. So as I slid out water, she slid in. 

There she was, eye to eye with my cock. She looked up at me and reached out to take me in her hand again. Then she started stroking me as I watched her body in the dark night. 

I had no idea how experienced she was. She showed me though. She looked up at me, leaned forward and took me right into her hot little mouth. I watched my cock disappear into her mouth, sliding back out nice and shiny. She looked amazing taking as much of me as she could. I watched her head bobbing up and down on my length, and I knew right then I wouldn't last long. Given the fact it was my friend and the erotic setting off a dark Summer night, that wasn't a surprise. 

All too soon I was ready, and I warned her. 

"You're going to make me cum."

She just nodded and went on swallowing me. I couldn't hold back, and I felt myself explode in her mouth. She swallowed every drop as I filled her mouth. Finally she slowed down, and let my still hard cock slide out of her mouth. 

I pulled her back up on the dock then. She laid back as soon as she got up there, her legs spread wide. I crawled up her body and kissed her, and said,

"Do you know what I've always wanted to say in this situation?"

"What's that?"

In my best Barry White voice I said,

"Hey baby. Wanna fuck?"

She giggled at that and said, 

"Why yes I do."

"Then tell me exactly what you want."

She thought for a second, and whispered in my ear. 

"I want you to fuck me. Don't make love to me; I want it hard and fast. I want that cock deep inside me. And I want to feel you fill me up with your cum. How's that for specific?"

"That's exactly what I wanted to hear."

And with that, I buried my hard cock deep inside her. 

She gasped when I did that, and experience told me I'd better give her a moment to get accustomed to my length. So we lay there in the dock until she said,

"Damn that feels good. I'm ready; go for it."

I did, and started slamming that hot pussy hard and fast. She fucked back like there was no tomorrow, her hips slamming up against me hard and fast. 

It seemed like forever, and I was getting close. There was one more thing I wanted though. I pulled out of her and said,

"I've always fantasized about you on your hands and knees."

She got the hint right away, and rolled over assuming the position. That heart shaped ass was facing me as I positioned myself behind her. I slid my cock back into her then, filling her with one hard stroke. Then we started again, our hips slapping together in the dark night. 

My hands went to those amazing tits, cupping them as we fucked each other. I released then finally as I got closer and closer, then one hand went to her hair. Wrapping my hand in her hair, I pulled her back on me again and again. She loved that, and finally all too soon, I felt that sensation again. 

With one final thrust, I came deep inside her. She moaned when she felt my hot cum filling her up. I felt her pussy grasping me as she came all over my cock. 

Finally, we were through, and we lay there on the dock. She had a question for me. 

"So does this change things between us?"

"What do you mean?"

"Just what I said. Does this change our friendship?"

"No, not at all. Here's how I figure it. We're just friends that every once in a while need to fulfill each other's needs. I know you don't want to get tied down, and neither do I. So we keep it casual. Does that work for you?"

She thought about it and nodded. 

We pleased each other countless times over the years. As a matter of fact, on a trip home once, we managed to get together again at the lake house to relive the good old days.