 When they first met, Calvin was one of the laziest people Shawna had ever met. He didn't do any of his homework and nearly failed every test. Yet, he managed to graduate with everyone else. Even though he graduated, everyone thought he'd amount to nothing in life.

Shawna was the total opposite; she did all of her homework and passed every test with flying colors. She wasn't valedictorian or anything like that, but she was more productive than Calvin. It came as no surprise that she graduated and went on to attend a good university.

It was surprising that they were friends. Everyone thought that they were fucking, but they weren't. Calvin didn't really date in school, and Shawna had a serious boyfriend the whole time. All throughout high school, rumors ran rampant about them.

After they graduated, the two stayed in touch online, but eventually, drifted apart. One day, while scrolling down her page, Shawna noticed Calvin posted a picture of his new beach house.

She had some vacation days available, so she reached out to her old friend. He hadn't heard from her in so long; he immediately responded. It had been nearly ten years since the last time they saw each other, and they were both eager to hang out again.

After messaging back and forth for hours, they decided she would vacation at his place for two weeks. She didn't really need a two-week vacation. It was just a chance to get away and hang out with an old friend.

A few days later, he picked her up from the airport and headed back to his place. Even though they spent hours talking to each other online, it was awkward being face to face again.

"It'll be great hanging out again," he blurted out.

"Yeah, it's been so long. What's up with you now? The last time I saw you, you were super lazy."

"Technically, I am still super lazy; I'm retired."

"How'd that happen?"

"I invented something, and now, I just sit back, collecting paychecks."

"So, the laziest person who ever lived is now the richest guy I know."

"Do you know someone richer than me?"

"No."

"Then yes."

They continued catching up until they reached his house. The house was much bigger than she expected: two stories with a huge front yard right on the beach. He got her bags out the back before showing her to her room.

"This room is bigger than my apartment."

"That's incredibly sad."

"If it's that sad, you could just give me some money," she joked.

"Or... or..." he joked before walking out of the room.

She rolled her eyes and started unpacking her stuff. When she finished, she walked around the house. She found the wine cellar and the theater. Eventually, she wandered outside onto the deck. He was one of those rich people who had a gigantic pool even though he already lived on the beach.

She walked over to the railing and saw him sitting on the beach. While staring at him, she thought about how things used to be. She never saw Calvin as anything more than a friend, but now, he was totally different. He wasn't lazy anymore, he worked out; he was actually pretty sexy.

They would never be more than friends, but that didn't mean they couldn't be fuck buddies. In college, Shawna experienced a powerful sexual awakening. She wasn't the nice girlfriend type anymore and saw nothing wrong with friends fucking every once in a while.

She decided to get convince Calvin of the same thing. She ran back inside and looked for something more appropriate. Originally, she just wanted to hang out with her old friend, but Calvin isn't the only rich guy in the neighborhood. So, she brought a few slutty outfits just in case.

She searched through all of her swimwear and found a sexy, black bikini. The bikini perfectly accentuated her curvy figure, showing off all of her best features. The tight material was slightly see-through and also showed off the naughty shapes underneath.

She looked at herself in the mirror, admiring her own beauty. Her long hair flowed down to the small of her back, highlighting the plumpness of her ass. She softly massaged her perky breasts, rubbing over her nipples until they got rock hard underneath her top. Once they were showing through like she wanted, she slid her hands down to her hips.

Her tiny waist opened up to a set of wide, voluptuous hips and honey-thick thighs. By far, her bottom half was her best feature. She loved her sexy, powerful thighs. They were just the right thickness and softness to make any man jizz in his pants at the sight of the slightest jiggle.

Even she got turned on looking at her thighs. She couldn't stop herself from sliding a hand down the front of her bikini. With just the right touch, her lips blossomed and revealed themselves under the tight material. Now, she was ready to make her way to the beach.

She calmly walked outside and down to the beach. When he heard her footsteps, he turned and saw his friend transformed. She looked like a sex goddess he wanted to worship for the rest of his life. He quickly pushed the idea out of his head.

"That's an awesome bikini," he managed to blurt out.

"Thanks. Thought there might be some guys out here."

"Want to jump in first?" he asked, trying to ignore the obvious shapes showing through her bikini.

"How's the water?"

"I don't know. You tell me." He quickly picked her up and ran her into the water. "Cold... It's cold," he yelled.

They spent the next few hours playing on the beach, chasing each other around. As the sun went down, they were alone. They were wrestling in the water when a rogue wave knocked them over.

She fell on top of him and pinned him down. As another wave splashed against them, it made her rock against his cock. She decided to use the waves to grind against his cock. Before long, another rogue wave hit them and pushed her top up.

He immediately noticed her big, dark rock hard nipples. He tried to free his hands, but another wave crashed into them. The more he stared at her tits, the harder he got; and she felt his dick hardening. She pretended not to feel it so he wouldn't catch on.

He stopped fighting and tried to stop himself from getting hard, which he failed to do. As his dick started throbbing against her bikini, she noticed her top barely hanging on. He was still staring at her tits and didn't realize she was staring him.

"You like staring at my tits?"

"What? No, I've been trying to pull your bikini back down."

"Oh, you're so cute when you're lying and horny."

"I not horny," he barked.

"Then why is your dick so hard," she teased.

"Why are your nipples so hard?" he asked back.

As another big wave crashed over them, her top came completely off. Her perky, wet tits jiggled in his face as he tried to wrestle from under her. He couldn't move without pushing his throbbing dick against her. The harder he struggled, the more she rocked on his cock.

Eventually, he got some leverage and rolled her over. Now that he was on top, he was in a position to return the favor. He looked down at her body and saw the sexiest curvature he'd ever seen. Yet, when he looked into her eyes, he just saw his old friend from high school.

He didn't want to cross a line and rolled off of her. She was kind of upset he didn't try to fuck her, but she had another plan. As he lied in the sand, she slapped her wet bikini on his chest. She got up and began walking back to the house, leaving him there alone.

He looked down at the bikini, thinking it was her top, and realized that she was naked. He turned to call out to her but became hypnotized by her bubbly booty walking away. He wanted to stop her, but her ass was too wondrous. Not to mention, her body was still wet and glistening in the moonlight.

Eventually, he leaped up and chased after her. The closer he got, the more she looked like a sex goddess and less like his old friend. It got to a point where he was afraid to touch her, fearing that his dick would actually explode.

She waited for him to get closer and stopped abruptly stopped walking, forcing him to bump into her. He nervously jumped back and immediately apologized. He handed her the bottom half of her bikini, blatantly avoiding eye contact. Unfortunately for him, his eyes were looking at her exquisite curves.

"Shawna, you can't just get naked on a public beach," he muttered.

"I think I'm close enough to the house to be okay. No one can see me over here," she replied. "Why don't you get naked with me?" she asked in a seductive tone.

"What? Why?" he nervously yelped.

"Why are you being so shy?" she asked. "I already felt it anyway," she added while running her hand over his throbbing tent.

He jumped again and stuttered, "I-I-I'm going to go get the other half of your bikini."

He made his way back to the water and grabbed her top before it floated away. He stood there for a few minutes, collecting himself and remembered she's one of his oldest friends, not a sex toy.

By the time he got back up to the house, she was wearing one of his old t-shirts. Even though the shirt was huge on her, he could still see all of her mouth-watering, voluptuous curves.

"Is that my shirt?"

"Yeah," she responded, taking the bikini out of his hands. She threw the bikini on the floor and reminded him, "You never answered my question."

"What question? And are you going to pick that up; it's wet?"

"Why didn't you get naked with me? You clearly wanted to fuck me; you even started stuttering."

"I was shocked that you just got naked for no reason." he barked.

"Your dick says you were a lot more than just shocked. Just admit you want to fuck me, and I'll let you fuck me."

"I don't want to fuck you. I just wanted you to put your clothes back on."

"Is that why you staring so hard at my ass? Just admit it; you want some of this. I'll admit I want to fuck you; especially after feeling how hard you got."

"Can we stop talking about my dick?"

"No. I like talking about your dick. I want your dick inside me." She moved closer, just barely pressing her body against his. "Don't you want your dick inside me?"

"Will you stop that?" he demanded. He stepped away from her and walked to the other side of the room. "Just be normal, okay."

"Are you really that freaked out? You could've very easily pushed me off of you, but instead, you let me rock on top of you so you could stare at my tits."

"That's not the point."

"That's exactly the point."

"What is wrong with you," he asked. "When did you become so horny?"

"I've always been horny. I just found my slutty self after high school."

She walked over to him and put his hands on her hips. She felt him trembling with anticipation, but she wanted him to choose to fuck her. Instead, he moved away and asked her another question.

"What do you want for dinner? And don't say anything sexual."

"I don't know," she laughed. "What restaurants are good around here?"

"I don't know. I cook everything I eat."

"You cook too?"

"Yes."

"Let me get this straight: you live in a huge beach house, you have a super dick, and you cook, but you don't want me to fuck you?"

"Yeah, pretty much. Are we going to have to set some ground rules?"

"You can set whatever rules you want. I'm going to break every one, and we're going to fuck."

"No. No, we aren't."

"Yep, we're fucking. I'm going to fuck you, and you're going to fuck me. We are going to fuck like wild animals."

"I'm going upstairs to take a shower. After that, I'll start cooking."

"Can I come?"

He grinned and heading to his room. Once alone, he wiped out his dick and massaged some of the tension out. Even in a cold shower, he could barely get rid of his hard-on.

When he got back downstairs, she went to her room. He used that time to get himself together and start dinner. When he finished cooking, she was still upstairs. He thought she might be upset and went to check on her.

When he got to her room, the door was wide open, and she was lying on the bed fingering herself. She was biting his shirt to muffle her euphoric screams. He wanted to go back downstairs, but his legs wouldn't move.

He watched her fingers explore her sweet spots. Again, his eyes were drawn to her thick thighs. He watched all of her curves swirl and twirl as she pushed herself into orgasmic bliss. Her hair rested on her body, covering her lesser curves like liquid silk. She moaned as spurts of squirt sprinkle onto the bed.

She rubbed sensitive slit before massaging her sweet elixir into her curves. When she finished, he quickly moved back downstairs and hid his new erection. He calmed down just as she came downstairs.

"So I just went ahead and m-made..." he stuttered as he saw her lingerie-wrapped body.

The tight, lacy fabric wrapped around her curves just as the bikini did. This time, the material was completely see-through. The soft blue color accentuated her curves and skin tone in perfect harmony. Her long hair swayed with her hips as she sashayed over to him.

It didn't take long for his dick to pitch a tent in his shorts. It was very apparent to both of them that he was rock hard and throbbing. She reached down and softly massaged his hard rod, trying to calm him down while also getting him hotter.

"I don't understand why you don't just admit you want to fuck me," she teased. "I want to fuck you. You want to fuck me. I'll admit it, but you won't. That's not fair."

"Em, th-th-the food is r-ready."

"So," she whispered in his ear.

She positioned herself between him and the kitchen island. He tried to step away, but she pulled him closer. She even squeezed his legs together with her thighs. She kissed and nibbled on his ear while swaying her hips against his body.

When he felt her breath on his neck, he nearly fell over. His hands instinctually reached out for her curves. She grabbed one of his hands and moved it to her sublime ass. He groaned as she used his hand to squeeze her cheek. She groaned while squeezing his cock at the same time.

Once she felt a big glob of precum wetting the front of his boxers, she slid her tongue into his mouth. Their kisses went back and forth between romantic and animalistic. Eventually, their animal sides won out, and he picked her up and sat her on the island.

She pulled her hand out of his pants and grabbed his neck. As their kisses turned nasty, so did their grinding. He ferociously groped and teased her body, sending chills up her spine. Her sensitive friend ripped her bra off, breaking the straps and nearly tearing it in half.

"That's more like it," she encouraged.

He threw her bra across the room and returned to his ferocious groping. They kissed and bit each others' necks and ears. Finally, his hands slid up her waist and found her tits. Her hard nipples felt like rocks, and he couldn't stop himself from sucking on them.

She moaned as waves of pleasure washed over her. It didn't take long for him to have both her nipples red and pulsing. His hands found their way to her thighs and ass. He couldn't decide whether to massage her thickness or get a handful of bubble, so he did both.

As he kissed her, she undid his shorts and let them fall to his ankles. She pulled his boxers down just enough to release the beast. Her small panties were the only thing keeping him from the Promised Land. He tried to pull them off, but she kicked him away and ran off.

She barely made it to her room before he caught her and threw her on the bed. Before he could climb on top of her, she stopped him at the edge of the bed and wrapped her lips around his throbbing dick.

He may have been in control downstairs, but now, she was in control again. He nearly came in her mouth as soon as she touched him. He let her tongue and lips do all the tricks she wanted. Sadly, he never tried to throat fuck her, which kind of pissed her off.

She twirled and flicked her tongue every way imaginable; and some, in ways never thought possible. He was never a fan of sloppy blowjobs, but listening to her gargle and gag made him feel powerful. She was enjoying it just as much as he was.

He looked down at her pretty face bobbing back and forth, drool covering her mouth and dripping down her chest. She looked disgusting, and he loved it. He started pulling her mouth further on his dick. His cock wasn't the biggest, but she struggled to swallow him.

The more he shoved down her throat, the hornier they got. She could tell he was getting into it, so she started using every nasty porno trick in the book. She slapped his dick on her face; she licked and drooled slim all over his dick; she wildly moaned while sucking as hard as she could. She wanted him to almost cum, but not fully cum.

She was so focused on sucking him to near orgasm; she almost gave him a full orgasm. Luckily, he wanted to fuck her more than he wanted to cum in her mouth. Just before her mouth sucked out his big load, he pulled away from her.

She saw him struggling to hold it in and gave him some advice.

"You better not cum," she demanded.

"Then you need to stop sucking my dick that good."

"I'll suck your dick however I want."

"What's that?"

She smiled at the fire in his eyes as he took off his boxers. She pulled her own panties off before he tore them off, ruining another piece of her sexy lingerie.

As she threw her panties across the room, he slid his body against hers. His throbbing dick beat against her wet pussy. Their hands massaged and explored each other, matching the intensity of their kisses. Just by chance, his dick slid into her tightness. 

They were so hot, they didn't even respond to the penetration; they just started fucking. He buried himself inside her, trying to hit every hot spot she had. Despite her claim to have fucked other guys, her pussy was extremely tight. If it hadn't been so wet, he wouldn't have been able to fuck her.

With every thrust, they fell into a deeper trance. His muscles flexed and his veins bulged as he fucked her harder and faster. She tried to dig her nails into his shoulders, but he pinned her hands down to the bed. She moaned and screamed, as she was at the mercy of his power.

She fought to free her hands, but she was under his control. As much as she wanted to be free, she wanted him to fuck her harder. She opened her legs as far as they could go. She even slammed her hips into his thrusts.

He arched his back and started thrusting harder. "Oh my god," he exclaimed as her pussy tightened. "S-s-sh-shit!" he groaned.

Since she couldn't break free, she used her pussy to grip his dick. Her tight muscles massaged his dick with every thrust. Her tighter walls allowed her to feel every veiny thrust even more. When she felt a fire igniting in her pelvis, she squeezed him harder.

With both of them in a trance, they raced toward orgasmic paradise. Neither realized the other was about to cum too. He felt his balls tighten, but she beat him to the punch. As his balls slammed against her swelling lips, every muscle in her body tightened.

Her hips quivered with elation as waves of joy swept through her mind. Her entire body, frozen in a moment of pure ecstasy, convulsed more and more with each passing second. Her pussy, already gripping his dick intensely, gripped even harder.

This pushed him over the edge. His tightened balls exploded, releasing a hailstorm of cum. Like a machine gun, his dick fired endless ropes of goo into her pussy. He came with such force that his dick exploded out of her.

On pure instinct, he reached down and took hold of his manpower. He spewed the rest of his load onto her stomach and pussy lips. With shots of pleasure still arcing through her body, she managed to look down and admired the mess he created.

She moaned and wiggled her hips to signal him to reload. Without thinking, he slid his softening dick back into her tightness. The gooey mess made her incredibly slick, so it was easy to get a softened penis inside. The moment he felt her quivering walls around him again, he started getting hard.
