 All are over 18.

***

My adventures with friends began a long time ago, even before the friends with benefits term became popular. The first one was my good friend Pam. 

Pam was a wonderful girl, And lots of fun to hang out with. She was short and very busty, which is just my type. She had short dark hair, which was unusual for the day. But I don't think most people noticed. They were busy staring at her DD chest. It was always on display, and she obviously liked that way. I was so thankful she went along with the no bra movement. I got free looks at nice hard nipples anytime we were together. 

We never hooked up though. It wasn't something that came up. We just enjoyed each other's company. And yeah, it didn't hurt my reputation to be seen with her. 

We were sitting around one evening drinking and talking when the conversation turned to sex. That was unusual in itself, but I went with it. I got to hear all about her last boyfriend who was obviously not that good in bed. That's why she dumped him, at least according to her. 

"He just never satisfied me. He'd get his, and then be on our way. I finally got so frustrated, I said fuck it and dumped his ass."

"You know Pam, I never really expected to hear a girl say that. I guess I'm still thinking that guys are the only ones that talk about sex."

"Oh hell no! We're worse than you guys. You wouldn't believe the discussions we have, comparing guys."

"Really? So you sit around talking about the guys? What do you talk about?"

"Well, a couple of the girls are size queens. They don't seem to care about the guy. It's just the size of his dick that matters to them."

That intrigued me. 

"What about you? Are you a size queen?"

She giggled at that. 

"Not really. A big one is nice, but if he can't use it, what the hell good is he?"

Good question. I'd never really thought about it that way I guess. We drank some more, and she asked,

"What about you? When you guys get together, what do you talk about?"

I answered her completely seriously. 

"I don't. I listen to the guys, but I don't really contribute. I figure whatever happens between me and someone else is no one's business but ours."

That seemed to impress her, and it surprised her. We drank in silence for a while, until her curiosity got the better of her. 

"So what do you like in a woman? You're not bragging in front of friends here, so tell me."

I took a deep drink and said,

"Do you really want to know? I'll tell you, but I'm warning you right now, I'm very blunt and to the point about things."

"I'm a big girl. I can take it. Tell me what you really like."

"Ok. I love busty women. No, that's too polite for me. I love big tits. I know, just like every other guy in the world. But it's different for me. I see a woman with great tits, and automatically wonderfully nasty thoughts start running through my head. I get the usual God those would feel great filling my hands thing. But then it goes on. I can imagine playing with hard nipples, pinching them lightly between my fingers. I can imagine how they'd taste on my tongue. I can see her doing the same, lifting those tits to her lips and sucking those nipples into her own mouth. Damn I love that mental image! Then I can see everything else. Her on her back, with my cock between her tits, and fucking her tits. I've never gotten decent blowjob, so that's always been my fantasy. And of course watching her tits shake as we fuck. Seeing her cup them and teasing her nipples as I fill her with cum. That's what runs through my mind."

I looked back at Pam then and saw her sitting there with her mouth open. She looked stunned, and immediately I started to apologize. She cut me off though. 

"No, there's no reason to apologize. I was just surprised is all. I've never heard a guy who was that... direct before. I like it."

We went back to our drinks, and she finally asked,

"I've got two questions for you. Would you mind?"

"After that rant? No, not at all."

That made her laugh. 

"You said you've never gotten a good blowjob. Why haven't you?"

"Honestly, I'm a little bigger and thicker than most guys. The girls either freak out or gag when they try."

That got her out and out laughing. I saw tears in her eyes when she finally stopped. 

"I'm sorry, but now I've heard it all. You're giving me the old my dicks too big line? Yeah, right. Let me tell the size queens I run with."

And she laughed again. When she saw I wasn't laughing, she stopped and looked at me. 

"I didn't say I was hung like a horse. I said it's bigger than normal. The average guy had somewhere between 4-6". I've got that top number beat by 2". 

I took another drink and said,

"So what was your second question? You said you had two."

She looked at me, then looked away. A flush came to her cheeks. Obviously the second question embarrassed her. Finally she spoke. 

"Have you ever thought about me that way? The way you said you liked to with girls?"

Oh fuck me. I should have been smart enough to see that one coming, but nope, I walked right into it. I didn't have a way out now. 

"Is my answer going to end our friendship?"

She shook her head. 

"No. But I'll admit I'm curious now."

I stood up and took her hand. 

"Come with me. I'll not only tell you; I'll show you."

That intrigued her, and she followed my lead. I led her into my bedroom, where my prize possession was. It was a large mirror, almost floor to ceiling. I positioned her in front of it, and stood behind her. 

"Take a good look at yourself. You look fantastic, and it's just an ordinary day for the two of us. Look at those curves, and that deep tan. And of course, those nipples poking through your shirt."

She looked, and I could see her eyes flicker over her own body. I was right; she looked fantastic. Then she looked up at me again. I answered her unspoken question. 

"Yes, I've thought about you that way. Many many times actually. You've starred in several fantasies of mine. But I value your friendship too. That's why I never pushed it."

She accepted that, and looked back into the mirror for a minute. Then quietly she asked,

"What are you thinking about right now?"

The truth was working wonderfully, so I went with that. 

"Honestly, in this position, I'm imagining those buttons on your shirt coming open, one by one. And then, when they were all open, the strip of skin that would be exposed right before I slipped your shirt off." 

I saw her glance down, and I knew she was seeing what I was. 

"The most fun part of the nasty mental running through my head is the fact that it would be your soft little hand, unbuttoning one button after the other, all the way down."

That's all it took. As I watched, her right hand went to the first button, and popped it right open. My voice whispered in her ear. 

"Just like that."

Another button popped open. 

"Now the next one."

Pop. 

"And now the last one."

Pop. 

She stood in front of me, a real life vision to match the one in my head. I felt her shiver as my fingers slid down the her exposed skin. My hands finally found the hem of her shirt. She looked at me then, and I asked,

"Are you ready?"

She didn't speak; she just nodded. So I slowly parted her shirt, exposing those fantastic tits to my eyes for the first time. I was amazed by the sight. Two wonderful full breasts were there in front of me. You could see where her bathing suit had been. The contrast was incredible; it went from dark tan to pale white. And each full globe was capped by a hard pink nipple. 

I could have stood there for hours, just watching her breathe. But I wanted to see more, and I wondered where this would end. 

My hands slipped up her body, stopping just short of those twin wonders. I whispered in her ear again. 

"Give me your hands."

She did, and I cupped them in mine. Then I ran both of our hands right on to those fantastic tits. 

Her eyes closed, her mouth opened and I heard her draw a deep breath when her palms lightly grazed those hard nipples. She loved the feeling of us doing it together, and the thoughts of watching her give herself pleasure just made me harder than I already was. 

I left her hands on her nipples, and slipped mine down to her shorts. Her eyes opened again as she felt me release the top button, then I slid them slowly off. I could see her watching them slowly slipping to the floor down those wonderful legs. Her bikini panties followed suit, and there she was. My friend was completely naked in front of me. 

I turned her to face me then. Looking deep into her eyes, I said with complete sincerity,

"You look absolutely wonderful."

She blushed, and thanked me. 

"I mean it. You look even better than I had ever imagined. And believe me, I've imagined you like this a lot!"

That made her laugh, breaking the tension a bit. As I continued to stare at my naked friend, she said,

"Aren't you a bit overdressed for this?"

"Why that I am. Let me join you. Come with me."

I led her to the edge of the bed, and sat her down. I stripped off my shirt, and thanks to a heavy hard job, I was toned and fit. I could see her appreciation in her eyes. I started to take off the shorts I had on, then had a better idea. Turning to her I said,

"You do it. I got to take your clothes off. It's only fair."

"So you're leaving the great reveal up to me? Ok."

I felt her fingers curl around the top of my shorts. Then she slowly started to pull them off. 

When they passed my hips and slipped off, she could see I wasn't lying to her. I was hard as a rock, and my entire 8" looking down at her, I saw her eyes get wide. She regained her composure when I said,

"I wasn't kidding."

"No you weren't. Damn that's nice."

"Thanks. Hey, at least you didn't freak out right away."

And with that, I joined her on my bed. Her eyes were still locked in my hard cock when I said,

"So now what do you have in mind my dear? Since a blowjob is out of the question."

"Are you sure it's out?"

"Yeah. It's usually so frustrating for me, I just stopped hoping. Choking and gagging isn't my thing."

Her eyes were lowered when she said,

"There's something I've never told you."

"And what's that?"

She took a deep breath and said,

"My first boyfriend was that annoying length. You know, just long enough to make me gag every time took him all the way in? So we practiced. A lot."

"Are you telling me..."

"I learned how to suppress my gag reflex. I think I can take you where you want to be."

Oh shit! This was unexpected. I played it cool though. 

"I don't know. It sounds great, but I don't know. Wait a minute; I've got an idea."

Jumping up off the bed, I went to my closet. I knew what I was looking for, and found it soon enough. 

On a top shelf there, I found exactly what I wanted. A 14" double headed dildo an old girlfriend had left behind. It had been there for quite a while. Grabbing it, I walked back toward the bed. 

Pam's looked shocked when I walked up with the toy in my hand. 

"What in the hell is that?"

"It's a 14" double headed dildo. Do you remember Becky?"

"Yeah, I do."

"She was kind of a freak when it came to sex. On her really wild days, I'd come home from work and walk into the bedroom. She'd be there on the bed with this toy bent double. One side was in her pussy, the other in her ass. And she'd be spread eagle on the bed, using her vibrator. Once I "caught" her that way, we'd have hours and hours of wild crazy sex."

"So what do you plan to do with it?"

"Here's the thing. It's bigger than me, in length that is. Actually it's the same size otherwise. So here's my idea. If you can take over half of it without gagging, I think we're on."

She looked a little squeamish about it until I said,

"Trust me. It's been cleaned and it hasn't been used in forever."

That reassured her, and she took it from me, marveling at it's heft. She looked at me and I said,

"Anytime you're ready."

That was a bit of a challenge to her, and she wasn't used to being doubted. She took the toy, and looked at it for a moment or two. Then her mouth opened, and she laid the head of it on her tongue. She started slowly working it into her mouth then. I'll admit it; the sight of that was incredibly erotic. Those full red lips wrapped around that fake cock made me crazy. Even with my frustration with blowjob's, she was turning me on. I watched as more and more of the toy slid into her mouth. Then it hit the back of her throat. She never even gagged. She held the toy there for a second, then more of it disappeared between her lips. 

When she finally paused, I estimated about 10" of that fake cock was buried in her mouth and throat. She looked up at me, slid it out and then back down several times. She never hesitated once. She finally pulled it out of her mouth and said,

"Well?"

"Oh my fucking God. Will you marry me?"

That just about sent her into convulsions, she was laughing so hard. Finally she wiped the tears from her eyes and said,

"No. But thanks for asking. I'm just happy I can give you something you always wanted."

"Then get to it."

I stood by her side of the bed and watched as she wrapped her soft hand around me for the first time. She looked up and smiled, then opened her mouth. I watched the head of my cock touch her tongue, then get lips wrapped around my length, and she started slowly down. She went lower and lower until we got to the moment of truth. I saw her look up to see if I was watching, then I felt it. My cock popped into her throat. Fuck, that felt fantastic! She slid up, and back down again, swallowing more of me. My eyes closed as I felt her mouth descending lower each time, until finally I felt a completely new sensation. I felt her nose hit my belly, and her lips against my balls. I looked down, and she'd swallowed every inch of me. She slowly slid up again, and this time I watched my shiny cock disappear balls deep in her mouth. 

I couldn't handle too much of this, and several strokes later I shot an amazing load of cum straight down her throat. I could feel her swallowing the entire thing. 

My knees went weak, and I collapsed on the bed. Pam looked over at me and asked,

"Are you ok?"

"I'm more than ok. That was the most fantastic thing I've ever experienced. And now it's your turn."

We both looked down at my cock. It was still hard, and I had an another idea. 

"I'm going to lay on my back. Am I right in guessing you haven't had one like this before?"

She nodded and I went on. 

"Ok, then you're on top. You control everything. Just take it as you can."

She climbed on top of me, and reached down with that soft hand again. Then she slowly slipped the head of my cock into a nice wet pussy. 

Her hips started working slowly. I could tell right then she was going to try to take it all. She was wonderfully tight as she slid down, taking as much of me as she could. She managed about 6", and then started to work on more. She bit her lip as she tried to take more of me. She got another inch in, then looked at me. I just smiled at her and said,

"Take your time. We've got all night."

She shook her head at that, and with one final movement, she slammed herself down on me, all the way down. Her eyes closed and her mouth opened as she hit bottom. She froze there, and I saw her hand reach down to see how much she'd taken. She felt it, I was all the way in. 

"I got it all.", was all she said. Then her hips really started moving. She slid up, and all the way back down again taking my cock all the way in. My hands went to her hips, guiding her as she rode me. 

I've never been able to find the words to describe just how incredible she was that evening. Every time I've told the story, I always feel so inadequate when I try to describe that beautiful young girl riding me; cumming again and again on my cock. The image of that is burned into my brain even today, and it was one of the most erotic moments of my life. 

We finally got to the end, and her hips slammed down on me one final time before I came in the hot pussy. Feeling my cum set her off again, and she shook in orgasm again on top of me. Then that amazing body collapsed into my arms. 

We lay like that for a few minutes, then she finally climbed off and laid down next to me. She almost looked sad, so I asked if she was ok. 

"I'm fine. I just wondered; is this going to change our relationship?"

"I'm sure it will. Look, I know I'm not your type for a boyfriend. I'm fine with that. I'm even good with this never occurring again. But every time I look at you now, I'm going to think of you just like this. And I have the feeling you're going to do the same."

She nodded at that. 

"Let's go on this way. If you want to hang out, that's fine. I love your company. And if you want to fuck my brains out, I'm really fine with that too. At that point, we'll just be friends that fuck."

"Fucking friends. I can live with that."

I started laughing, and she looked a little puzzled. I had to explain. 

"I can just see it now. You've got a new friend, and she sees me. You tell her you know me, and she asks how well? What do you tell her? He's just my fucking friend."