 My adventures with friends over the years were amazing, but one really stands out. I had a friend named John who had a sister named Susan. We called her Sue of course, and while he was a rather ordinary guy, she was completely incredible. 

She was another person that I'd seen grow up over the years. From a plain young girl to an amazing woman who was a complete nymphomaniac, and had absolutely no morals whatsoever. In other words, my mind of girl. 

I'd heard rumors about her from other friends, but I'd never really put much stock in them. That is until one weekend when I was back from college. John and I were hanging out together, when he asked me to get something from his room. I said sure, and headed back there. 

I hadn't realized Sue was home until then. As I passed her room, I saw her. It was what she was wearing, or rather her lack of it that caught my attention. 

She was standing there in just a white frilly bra and panties. She looked up at me and smiled as I stopped, shocked by the sight. She was about five foot five, with coal black hair. I have no idea what size her tits were, but they were easily the biggest I'd ever seen. She had a small waist, and wonderful ass. And it was all on display right there that day. 

She smiled at me, and I'll admit I had no idea what to say in that situation. So I smiled back, still looking at that incredible body. 

She saw me looking, and decided to drive me crazy. As I stood there watching her, she reached behind her back and undid her bra. She was looking me dead in the eye when she slipped it off her shoulders. Those fantastic tits were free and in the open, and my mouth dropped open. I'd never seen anyone that busty before. She smiled at the expression on my face, then slipped off her panties. She stood there naked with me gaping at her. Finally, she walked over and shut the door in my face, smiling the entire time. 

I shook my head and went back to hang out with her brother. And soon I headed home with the mental image of her naked burned into my brain. 

I didn't see her again after that until about six months later. I was home from school for the Summer, and came by to see her brother. She answered the door when I knocked, and told me,

"He's not home right now. Could you help me with something though?"

Considering she was wearing the skimpiest damn bikini I'd ever seen someone built like her wear, my answer was a no brainier. 

"Sure. What do you need?"

Her car wasn't running right, and she wanted me to take a look at it. That's my hobby, so I said sure. She tossed me her keys, and I went for a drive. 

It ran rough for a while, smoothing out after it got hot. Right away I figured the plug wires needed replaced, so I stopped in town and got a set. Then I went back to get house to replace them. 

I told Sue what was going on, and got to work. It wasn't easy concentrating with that bikini just inches away from me, but I managed not to screw anything up. Just as I snapped the last wire down, I heard a yelp from Sue. Naturally I looked up right away and boy did I catch an eyeful. 

Sue's top had failed, and one of those massive tits had spilled out, landing on the radiator cap. As I watched she massaged her chest, oblivious to the fact I was staring. She looked up then and saw I was wide eyed, staring at her exposed breast. 

When she didn't move to cover it, I did the only thing that popped into mind. I leaned over and said,

"Here; allow me."

And I kissed the red spot on the underside of her breast. I looked up at her then, and saw the look of surprise on her face quickly turn to one of lust. That's when I decided to take it farther. 

I moved up slightly, and teased her now hard nipple with my tongue before sucking it into my mouth. She moaned as I did, pulling my head to her chest. I finally backed off, wondering where this was going go. 

She looked at me for a moment, then took my hand. She lead me to the drivers seat of her car and said,

"Here, let me pay you for helping me."

I sat there with my legs out of the car. She knelt between them, and looked up at me and smiled. Then she unzipped my shorts, reached in and pulled out my cock. Looking me dead in the eye, she swallowed my entire length in one gulp. 

I watched this amazing busty woman give me what was easily the best blowjob I'd ever had to that point. Her mouth was hot and wet, and my cock was covered in her saliva. I enjoyed that immensely, but she had more in mind. 

She freed her other breast, and said,

"You're going to love this."

Then she buried my cock between those massive tits, and started fucking it. I'd never tit fucked anyone before, and it didn't take long for me to cum. She was looking down when I shot, and the first blast coated her chin. The rest shot all over those incredible tits. 

I came so hard I almost passed out. It was just that incredible. When I opened my eyes again, she was still in of me, drenched in my cum. As I watched her, she scooped some off her chin, and sucked that finger into her mouth. All I could say was,

"Wow! That's easily the best payment I've ever had for anything."

She smiled at that and said,

"I'm glad you liked it."

"You have no idea how much I loved it. I've got a question for you. Are you doing anything Friday night?"

"No. Actually I've got no plans at all. Why?"

"To be perfectly honest, I'd like to enjoy more with you. And more of you. I'm staying with Mom this Summer, and she's going or of town that night. So we'll have the place to ourselves."

That made her smile, and it was a wonderfully nasty smile. 

"Ok, that sounds good to me. I've always kind of... wondered what an evening with you would be like."

"Then let's find out. Do me one favor though. Do you remember that party at Dave's place? It was the one where you showed up wearing a tight black shirt and a completely sheer black blouse?"

"Oh my God, I'd completely forgotten about that. You remember that?"

"Oh yeah. All the guys were there doing their best to see if that bra you had on under the blouse was see through too. And all the girls were gossiping about you on the other side of the room."

"I remember now. So what the favor?"

"I want you to wear the same outfit to my place Friday night. But don't wear a bra. Or any underwear for that matter?"

She raised an eyebrow at that, but finally smiled and said,

"Ok, I can do that. But if my car breaks down, whoever stops to help is going to get a show."

"It won't, trust me. And the show is exactly what I'm looking forward to."

Friday came, and as evening fell, I was looking forward to the nights activities. It was raining lightly, so taking her outside for fun was out of the question. Finally I settled for the pool area. It was glassed in, so we'd stay dry. And the soft light coming through would be perfect for everything else. 

I saw car lights in the driveway, and came to the front door. I wanted to see her walk in. I'd been imagining it all day, and finally it was time for the real thing. 

She parked and got out, and I knew right away I'd made a great choice when I asked her to wear what she was wearing. Her shirt was completely see through, and I watched those magnificent tits shake with every step she took. Her nipples were easily visible, and by the time she reached the door, I was hard and ready.

She kissed me at the door, and I said,

"You look just as fantastic as I thought you would."

She smiled at that and asked,

"So what do you have in mind for this evening?"

Screaming orgasms came to mind, but I was wise enough not to say that. I told her,

"Let's go out by the pool, shall we?"

She knew the way, and started walking that way. I watched her ass as she did. If you've ever seen a woman with an amazing ass not wearing underwear, you know exactly what I was seeing. It was all I could do to not stop her right there. I held off though; enjoying the anticipation. 

She walked into the pool area, and turned to face me. The soft light was wonderful ass it played over her features. I could hear the water in the background, but the rest of me was concentrating fully on her. 

When she turned to look at me, all I could see were those tits. In my mind eye, I could see them a few days earlier, with my cum dripping from then. And if course her scooping some up and sucking it off her finger. 

She smiled at me, and looked down. 

"I can see someone's ready for tonight."

After saying that, she reached out to touch my cock through the jeans I was wearing. Damn that felt amazing. I could see the look on her face as she did; she was ready for anything that evening. 

"I am, but you're not. We've got to get those clothes off, right now."

She started to unbutton her sheer blouse, but I stopped her.

"No. I want to do it. I've always loved opening my own presents. Turn around."

She did, and I moved in right behind her. My hands started at her waist, and slowly slid upward. I could feel those amazing curves under my hands, and the silky material of what little clothes she was wearing. I could feel her breathing deep as my hands wandered. Usually I'd take my time exploring her before I stripped her, but not tonight. I wanted her naked then and there. The few days that I'd had to wait already was almost too much to take. All I'd been able to think about was her naked body under me.  

I pulled off her blouse, and unbuttoned her skirt. I watched it drop to the floor, unveiling her magnificent ass. She stepped out of it, and turned to face me then. 

I'd never seen anything as wonderful as she looked right then. Every inch was displayed for me. She could see my appreciation on my face. 

"So you like what you see?"

"You have no idea. You look amazing."

"Thank you."

Then she stepped forward and picked up where she left off; stroking me through my jeans. My hand fell to her waist, and slowly slid up, coming to rest on one fantastic breast. She moaned at that, and I started playing with her nipple. I couldn't take it anymore then, and I leaned over and gently bit that hard little nub.

"Oh God, that feels good. Harder, bite it harder!"

I did as she asked, biting down a little harder. All I heard them was,

"More. Bite my fucking nipples hard!"

I stopped for a minute; I wanted to make sure of something. 

"So you like things a little rough?"

"I love it rough. The rougher the better. So do it, bite that fucking nipple. Make me scream!"

With pleasure! And I did just that, biting down harder than I'd ever done before. Hey head tipped back and she screamed;

"Fuck yes! Just like that!"

I'd not even thought about this possibility when my mind had wandered through my fantasies of the evening. But her scream inspired me. I mauled her nipples and tits, and the entire time her hands were behind my head, pulling me into those tits. Finally I stopped, and told her to sit. She took a seat in a deck chair, and looked at me. 

"So you like it really rough? Would it be safe to say you're a bit submissive?"

Her eyes lit up at that, and she nodded. 

"I am. I've always wanted a guy that would take control and use me just the way he wants. I've never gotten that though. But it's always been my deepest darkest desire."

"Then you're in luck tonight. I'm going to use you any way I want, and I expect you to obey my every command. Sounds like fun to you?"

I'd never seen anyone agree so quickly. It was time to get things started. 

"Then it's fine for fun. You wait right here; I'll be right back."

I knew exactly what I wanted, and exactly where to get the toys I needed. I went to Mom's room, and opened her secret drawer. At least it used to be a secret. Long ago I'd been snooping and I found it, and everything she kept in it. 

I looked in there, checking items off on a mental checklist. Blindfolds and silk scarves? Check. Nipple clamps and vibrators? Check. There was only one other thing I needed. I poked around until I found her super 8 video camera. Now I was loaded for bear. 

Her eyes widened a bit when I walked back in with everything I needed for the evening. She didn't protest though, that was a good sign. 

I dumped everything in a chair next to her and said,

"Now. Let's really get things started."

I took the video recorder, and started it. I put it on a nearby table so it could catch all the action. Then I looked at her and said,

"Sit up facing the camera."

She did with a sly smile on her face. I picked up the black silk blindfold, and walked around behind her. She sat there quietly as I wrapped the blindfold around her eyes. She looked amazing that way, and it was difficult not to go crazy right then. I managed though; I wanted a lot from her and we had all night. 

She sat there unable to see, waiting for my command. It came soon enough. 

"Hold out your hands. I've got something for you."

She obeyed, and I placed a vibrator in her waiting hands. It was black and nice and thick. She stroked it, and I could see she knew what it was. Her hand went to the base, and she switched it on. She felt it vibrate in her hands, and said,

"Oooooo, this is going to be interesting."

You bet your ass it's going to be. I reached over and picked up the video camera. 

"Now, lay back in that chair. Spread your legs wide."

She did and did. I could see her completely exposed to my cameras lens. 

"Here's what I want to see. I want to see you slide that toy into your hot little pussy. I'm going to watch you make yourself cum. Do you understand?"

That was a silly question. She understood completely. She started the toy, and as I watched, she started out by teasing her nipples with it. Her mouth dropped open as zoomed in on the toys progress. Then I followed it as she slid it lower and lower, until the tip touched her clit. Her hips jerked at the sensation, and after sliding it up and down the length of her pussy a few times, o watched it slowly sink deep inside her. 

The sight was amazing. Her legs were spread wide as she fucked that toy hard and fast. Her free hand came up to play with her nipples as she did. I knew it wasn't going to take her long, and it didn't. Before I knew it, she was cumming on that plastic cock. Her legs were shaking, and get back arched as she slammed the toy deep one last time. Then that amazing body shook as an amazing orgasm overtook her. I watched her body shake, and I caught it all on camera. Finally she ground to a stop, and slipped the vibrator out, shutting it off. 

"Damn, that was amazing. But the vibrations are a bit too much right now. I just couldn't take it anymore."

That was fine with me. I was more than ready to take it's place. But there was one thing I wanted to see first. 

"That's fine. You need to clean that toy up though. Suck it clean."

She did as I asked right away. That surprised me a bit, but I got great video of her tongue licking the toy, and her sucking it into her mouth to clean it up. I had to comment on that. 

"It seems like you really like the taste of pussy. Have you had it before?"

Much to my surprise, she nodded. 

"I have. Actually it was at that party you mentioned the other day. Dave's party?"

"Really? Now you've got to tell me. Who was it and how did it happen?"

She looked a bit unsure at that, but said,

"I will, but you've got to promise not to tell anyone."

I agreed and she went on. 

"It was after the party was over. You know Dave's sister Terry, right?"

I did. She was another busty little thing. But she was a devout member of a local church, and a member of the choir there. I never thought I had a chance with her, so I'd never tried. 

"Yeah, I know Terry."

"She saw I'd had more than a few that night, so she invited me to spend the night. Since I was really tipsy, I said sure. One less thing to worry about, right?"

"Of course. Go on."

"She'd had a few herself, and she was so cute drunk. Her voice changed into this cute little girls voice. I'd never heard anything like it. Anyway, we talked for a while, then went to bed. I had to share her bed that evening."

She looked up at me then, and smiled. 

"You're thinking of both of us in bed and naked aren't you?"

I was, and nodded. 

"Typical man. Anyway, later that night I woke up from what I'd describe as a great dream. And I found it wasn't a dream. Terry was playing with my pussy."

Holy shit! This was amazing. I let her go on though. I wanted to hear everything.

"I opened eyes, and I could see her. She was staring at my naked body, and her fingers were teasing my pussy. She'd slip then into me, and once they were good and wet, she'd suck them clean. I watched her do this several times, and it was clear to me she loved the taste. I finally got a bit frustrated, and I said why don't you just taste the real thing? That shocked her, and she started to apologize right away. I stopped her then and there and told her it was alright. I didn't mind if she wanted to experiment with me. She looked really unsure, so I spread my legs on either side of her and told her go ahead. Taste your first pussy."

This was driving me crazy, and I asked,

"So? Did she?"

Sue nodded. 

"It took her a minute or two. But I guess my legs spread wide in front of her was too much temptation. Finally she lowered her head, and I felt her tongue on my pussy."

"That's fucking amazing. How was it?"

"Since it was her first time a she wasn't that good right away. But she got good fast. She had me cumming all over her face in no time at all."

"Did you return the favor?"

"Do you mean did I lick her hot little pussy?"

I nodded, and she said,

"I did. I've always been curious about that, and I had a willing partner, so I took advantage of it. Yes, I made her cum with my fingers and tongue. And yes, I liked it. It wasn't enough to change my life. I love hard cock. But it's fun now and then."

That was enough for be to want to take things to the next step I slid her blindfold back on, and stood in front of her. As I unzipped my jeans, I told her,

"Open your mouth. It's time to suck my cock."

She never hesitated, opening wide right away. I saw the head of my cock touch her tongue, then her lips closed and she sucked me down. She had the hottest wettest mouth I'd ever had, and she obviously loved what was happening. 

My hand went to get hair, and I wrapped it in that long luxurious mane. Then I started guiding her head while my hips pumped. She loved that and opened her mouth to say,

"Oh yeah. Fuck my hot little mouth. Fuck my face!"

With pleasure. I did just as she asked, slamming my cock into her face again and again. Her hands went to her tits again, and I watched her play with her nipples as I abused her mouth. My first load of many was going right there. I wanted to see my cum in her mouth, and I wanted to watch her swallow it. After the story of her lesbian encounter, it didn't take long. 

"I'm gonna cum. Don't swallow it right away."

She nodded, and I shot right then, filling her mouth with hot creamy cum. Pulse after pulse rocked my cock, and she caught every drop like a good girl. When I finally finished, I grabbed the camera and told her,

"Open your mouth. Show me what you've got."

She did, and my camera zoomed in on all that cum in her mouth. I got a really good shot of that, then said,

"Now swallow it."

Her mouth closed, and she did just that. I saw her throat work as she swallowed twice, then she opened her mouth again to show me it was gone. 

I was still hard as a rock, and I wanted more from her then. I led her to the next deck chair. Laying down there, I said,

"Now it's time for you to enjoy. Ride my cock."

I could see the thought of that pleased her, and without hesitation she straddled me. I watched her reach down with one hand to guide me into her soaking wet pussy. I thought she might take a moment to get used to my size, but she didn't. It was one fast thrust, and our hips met. I was buried deep inside her, and got to watch as her hips started moving. 
