 Chapter 3

The next several weeks were nerve wracking, the fight after the discovery was epic. They had never argued like that, but Seamus knew he had hurt Cleo. He knew that not only had he hurt her by fucking another woman, but by bringing that woman to their bed. She had not said anything to Jennifer but the truth be told she didn't seem mad at Jennifer. 

Jennifer had barely spoke to Seamus, the best he could figure was she was giving him time to work things out with Cleo. On the one hand Seamus was glad because he did want to work things out. On the selfish side he was horny as fuck and after going from two sources of pussy to none, his hand just wasn't cutting it. He knew he had to do something about it.

On a rainy afternoon Seamus went for his monthly haircut, his stylist was a beautician because she gave an amazing cut at a fair price and she wasn't bad on the eyes. She was at least 10 years his junior with two kids and the body of a brick shithouse. This appointment had been scheduled for early but he shot her a message and asked if they could make it later. He knew she often stayed at the shop late and was hoping he could be her last customer after everyone left. He was hoping her last message to him where she said she fucking loved him would pay off.

He got to the shop at 8:30pm as they agreed and as he hoped there was not a soul in the shop. Katrina shut the door and locked it behind him. The haircut began like always Seamus was trying to remain as still as possible. The conversation was one sided with Katrina doing all the talking. She asked if everything was alright Seamus proceeded to tell her mostly. She asked what was wrong and he hesitated to tell her, but then he realised he had not talked to anyone about what had happened and Cleo basically wasn't looking at him so she sure as shit wasn't talking to him. He told her everything and when he was finished so was his hair. He felt somewhat better but it didn't resolve his horniness and from reliving everything to this beautiful younger woman he had quite the erection.

He had noticed Katrina glance down, he knew he was nothing special but she was definitely checking out his package. She bit her pouty red lip and then just said "No I shouldn't." He looked at her with a quizzical stare. Finally after a long silence she said "I don't wanna make things worse." 

Seamus responded, "What do you mean?"

"Well the shop is empty and there is a massage table back there, I could give you a massage and make you forget about some of this stress." 

The idea sounded good so Seamus replied "Fuck it, sounds good!" Without a further thought he went to the room stripped down and covered with a towel. He heard the door open and didn't even look up but felt two dainty hands working the muscles of his back. It felt good and the tension did start to release and as it did he got hornier. Katrina asked him to roll over and when he did he looked over and realised for the first time she was naked too. She removed the towel from his waist and said "we won't be needing that now will we?" She worked his chest and her beautiful C cup breast were in his face. Katrina after all was about 5 foot 2 and 120 pounds soaking wet and based on the smell of excitement that hung in the air she was soaking wet. Her small frame held large breast for her size and her always colored hair was perfect.

All of a sudden he felt her mouth on his cock, his daydream thinking how beautiful she is had been interrupted. She gave him a blowjob that would make you slap your grandma. Just before he was about to blow she stopped and straddled him lowering her wet pussy down and on his hard cock. He almost blew right then but let her ride him. They fucked with her on top working his cock for about 15 minutes. Then he rolled them over and got between her legs. He slid his cock all the way, in finding her cervix and then pressing. Her pussy clamped down and would not let go. The muscles started milking his cock, he screamed out "FUCK I'M GONNA CUM!" 

Katrina responded, "yes please do, shoot that load inside me"! With that he thrust in again and emptied his balls into Katrina. She lay there smiling, his cum beginning to trickle from her now used twat.

It was in this awkward moment that he knew he just needed to talk to Cleo. He asked Katrina what he owed her, she answered "nothing this was payment enough." 

He went home and told Cleo he was sorry. He confessed to her that he still loved her but that his love had multiplied and that he thought if she would be willing he would like to find interested parties in threesomes. He told her that he desperately needed to fuck her too. He threw her on the bed, ripped the clothes off of her and with his already hard and used cock he began to fuck her. He was extremely turned on that he was fucking his wife with a still moist dick. 

When they were spent, Cleo asked what he needed. He told her that he would like to find people who would fuck them together. He wanted Cleo to get as much out of it as he was. Cleo asked who their first victim was and he told her he would like to bring Jennifer back. Cleo agreed but did so on one condition. She set it up and he would not know when. She also said he could only have blowjobs until it happens and her goal was not to get him off, it would be his job to will himself to get off. The only other rule was no masturbation. With that arrangement, Seamus pulled out and blew his load right on Cleo's stomach. He shot so hard that some of the cum reached her chin, not bad for a second load in an hour.