 I'm Delilah (most people call me Del). Let me tell you a little about myself. I'm 18 years old with red hair and brown eyes. I stand about 5'4" tall and weigh 110 lbs. My tits are small, about 34B, but my nipples are real pointy and sensitive. I trim my pussy, but still have a good bit of naturally red hair. I look forward to Sundays ALL WEEK and I had the most FUCKING FANTASTIC DAY!

It started out with me going to Sunday School. I go to a Fundamental Baptist Church and have a really sexy Sunday School teacher. Our class sits in a semi-circle and our teacher, Greg, sits in front, with his legs kinda spread. I love looking at his bulge. Some days there's more to look at than others... like when I wear a short sundress with spaghetti straps as I did this morning. After all, it's August and it's HOT! *evil grin* His bulge gets more evident the longer I stare at it. But, more about Greg another time...

By the time our class dismissed and went to church, I was really horny! I didn't wear panties, so my cunt was juicy and rubbing nicely as I walked. I sat right down front, as usual. When the music, etc. was all over, our preacher Dr. Ronald Peterson walked up to the pulpit. I crossed my legs and gave him a big smile. I just love distracting him during the sermon. (He says I'm going to be the death of him yet. But, he always smiles as he says it.) I let my dress slip higher, showing my legs, but stopping just short of my pussy.

When church services were over, everyone files out the front door and shakes the pastor's hand. I always one of the last ones out the door, then I stay to "help" Dr. Peterson with the Sunday School attendance sheets. 

I work at the church as a part-time secretary and one of my duties is to enter the Sunday School attendance into the computer. Dr. Peterson likes to have it done in time for Monday morning's Staff Meeting. So... isn't that fortunate for us! I have an excuse to be at the church with Ron on Sunday afternoons ALL BY MYSELF! Don't you love it!?

When all the other church members have left the building, Ron joins me in the office. He opens the door and stands there for a second... just grinning at me. Ron is 50 years old, but very tall and fit, with dark blond hair and dreamy blue eyes. He walks over to the desk and tugs me up into his arms. As he begins to kiss me, he runs his hands under my dress to my bare ass and pulls me against his hard cock. My hands are sliding up under his suit coat and caress his broad shoulders. He lets go of me for a second to take off his coat and tie. I start unbuttoning his white shirt and pulling it out of his pants, but then he stops me. He says we need to go to our favorite fuck place: the First Aid Room down the hall. That's our favorite place to fuck because it locks and there's a nice comfortable cot, not that we always stay on the cot.

He leads me down the hall to the F.A. Room and locks the door behind us. In a rush now, we quickly finish stripping our clothes off. I'm faster, since I'm only wearing the sundress. 

Then Ron pushes me gently back on the cot and kneels between my spread legs and starts licking my wet cunt. He sucks and slurps like it the best thing he's ever tasted! I'm lying there moaning and rubbing my erect nipples. Then I sorta lean up and see that he's rubbing his hard dick as he licks me. Seeing that big preacher's cock (10" long and maybe 4" around) makes my mouth water and I tell him to trade places with me.

I love rubbing my lips all over his big slippery knob. mmmm... Then I start licking the precum that's oozing out of his prick and continue licking down his hard, long shaft to his full, heavy balls. He's not completely shaved, but trimmed real nice. I lap at his balls, then suck them into my mouth.

Pushing his legs further apart, I tongue his shitty ass hole. It's not really that dirty, but I love the musty smell and taste. By then the precum is oozing out in a continuous stream and my cunt is dripping wet. Nothing gets me hotter and wetter than sucking cock! I go back up and start sucking him deeply into my mouth. I get him close to cumming, then I help him swing his legs completely onto the cot. I straddle his hips and slowly lower my tight pussy down onto his cock. His cock is so WIDE! It stretches my cunt lips and then fills my pussy to the max! I just sit there a second and savor the fullness of it... mmm...

Ron is tweaking my titties and pulls me down to thrust his tongue into my mouth. Our tongues do battle inside our mouths. Then I start riding Ron's cock! He holds my hips and helps me slide up and down his turgid shaft. Every time I bottom out on his dick, I feel like he's reaching all the way to my throat! 

I'm getting so weak, but Ron keeps slamming me down on his cock. My clit is rubbing against his hard meat with every thrust. My back arches as I start to feel the orgasm build in me. As the first waves wash over me, I feel his cock spasm and shoot, and shoot, and shoot… his hot load deep into my womb.

We lay there for a while, exhausted. Then we talk about our week and plan when we'll be able to be together again. Of course, I see him just about everyday. That makes us so hot and horny that by the time we're alone together we just about kill each other! He tells me that he's going to a conference in Atlanta soon and hopes we can work it out so I can join him. OH! That would be awesome! To be alone with him for 4 days (and nights!) in a hotel room! Mmmm...

* * * * *

This is a true story. Be on the lookout because I have more to tell.