 Nicole was a fiery little redhead took the breath away from her boyfriend Joe on a daily basis. Nicole only stood at 5 feet tall, but didn't appear that short in appearance. She had a perfect body with perfectly shape and soft milky white 34B breasts that fit perfectly in your hand. However, her best asset by far was her amazing ass that some would say was designed for doggy style; and her boyfriend's roommate Kyle you could say found that out the hard way. 

It was a normal Friday night at the University they all attended. The drinks were flowing and the music was blaring throughout the dorm hallways. Nicole showed up at Joe's room to hang out with him and his 5 roommates for the night. She loved hanging out and just being one of the guys. She decided to wear a very sexy and revealing black skirt that showed off both her breasts and ass very well. Kyle was the 1st to greet her at the door and welcomed her in with a smile as he casually looked her up and down from her perfectly curled red hair down to her perfectly painted toes in heels. Nicole loved her boyfriend, however, she happened to have a huge crush on Kyle. Kyle was the definition of the guy that all the girls wanted to fuck. Tall, muscular, and was known for his sexual prowess around campus. His slicked back brown hair had the girls like putty in his hand. The two casually talked about their classes this semester to pass the time as Joe and his other roommates finished getting ready for the night out at the school bar.

It was the usual Friday night at the bar, extremely crowded with nothing but drunk and horny college kids. The roommates met some of their other friends at the bar and began the weekly process of trying to get everyone laid for the night. Kyle had no problem with this task so he and Joe would try to assist the other roommates in scoring that night 1st. Now this task took longer than expected and before they knew it the bar was closed. Kyle, Joe and Nicole managed to find a girl for each of the roommates. Now it was Kyle without a girl for the night. Kyle, Joe and Nicole ended up going back to the dorm together as the other roommates went around campus on their own sexual escapades for the evening. 

Joe had just a little too much to drink at the bar and decided to call it an early night at 3 a.m. Kyle and Nicole tried to persuade him to stay up with them and have at least another drink, but were unsuccessful even though Nicole offered him a BJ later to do so. Joe said his goodnights and stumbled down the hallway to his room.

The door shut and Kyle and Nicole were now alone together. Kyle was surprised that Joe turned down a blowjob in favor of sleep, and was a little disappointed that he himself wasn't getting one tonight. They made some small talk as they drunkenly sipped on some more drinks they poured for themselves. Kyle couldn't get a blowjob out of his mind and began searching through his phone for a girl that could do just that for him tonight. Nicole protested saying that it's too late for that tonight. Kyle was now determined to get one and eventually got an invite from a girl Mel that he has fooled around with on multiple occasions in the past. Kyle went into his room and was getting himself ready for his blowjob for the night. Nicole playfully joked that he should stay here with her and hangout for the night. Kyle only had his penis on his mind and said that he needed to cum tonight.

Nicole drunkenly thought of a plan that they could both get what they wanted that night. Kyle wanted some action, Nicole wanted some Kyle. Nicole playfully again told him to stay at hang with her. But, Kyle was determined to leave and get his BJ. Nicole had enough and pushed him away from the door and back against his bed in protest. Kyle decided to test his luck and pushed her hands down from his chest to his rock hard penis. Nicole was in shock, but her hand did not move an inch. Kyle picked her up and carried her out to the living room and laid the body of his roommate's girlfriend on the edge of the couch.

He continued to push his luck by slowly dry humping Nicole with his now throbbing cock. Nicole's pussy became immediately wet and began to meeting his thrusts with some of her own. Kyle took this as an opportunity to continue his luck and began to increase his thrusting until he had enough and decided to go for the hail mary and took his cock out of his pants. Nicole's eyes lit up at the site of his massive cock. It had to be at least 8.5" and was extremely thick. She wasted no time and grabbed for the cock that was swaying in front of her. She stroked it vigorously for a few moments before she pushed Kyle down next to her on the couch. Nicole went to her knees on the floor next to the couch and prepared her mouth for a cock bigger than any she had before. She began to suck the tip of Kyle's massive cock, he moaned out in pleasure which just fueled her desires even more. Nicole looked Kyle directly in his eyes as she attempted to take every inch of his massive 8.5" cock. His cock rammed into the back of her throat as she furiously stroked and sucked every inch of his meaty dick. She loved having him in her mouth as it was something she had desired ever since she first laid eyes on him. Although this was only the second penis she ever had, you would never know with the incredible skill she was showing as she bobbed up and down on Kyle's cock. Kyle began to meet her mouth with every movement, further shoving his dick down her throat. Kyle ran his fingers through the girlfriend of his roommate's hair as he was thoroughly enjoying the blowjob he coveted.

Kyle's balls tightened as Nicole continuously stroked and swallowed his hard cock. Soon Kyle could not take the pleasure any longer and was ready to give Nicole his cum. Nicole sensed that he was getting close and began to coax him by telling him to cum in her mouth and all over her pretty face. That was enough for Kyle as he began to unload the biggest load of his life into the mouth of his roommate's girlfriend. Nicole relished the moment when the first drop it her tongue and the back of her throat. Kyle shot every drop of his cum into her throat. Nicole swallowed it like it was just another shot at the bar.

Nicole's pussy was soaked after sucking and swallowing one of her boyfriend's best friends. She couldn't take it any longer and proceeded to drop her skirt to the ground standing there in nothing but her heels she wore out to the bar. Kyle did the same as he ripped of his shirt and pulled his pants off from around his ankles. They both needed more of each other's bodies. 

Nicole pushed Kyle onto the couch and began straddled him so that they came face to face. He politely asked about a condom to which she replied that there was no way she wanted one in this situation. Kyle's cock throbbed at the opportunity to feel the inside of her pussy without a condom. She lowered herself slowly onto his naked cock until he was all the way inside of her. She was in heaven already. Nicole took a couple seconds to let her get used to his massive pole being inside of her. She then began to rock back and forth on his cock to better adjust herself to his penis.

She then began to quickly begin bouncing up and down on his cock, with her ass slapping against his crotch and thighs. This was creating a loud noise that made them pause for a slight moment. 

They continued to fuck hard and the noise kept growing and growing. Without warning, Kyle picks Nicole of the couch and carries her into his room. He closed the door behind him and laid her down on his bed. 

Kyle, now with Nicole on her back, lined his cock up to her pussy and thrusted himself back into her. Nicole squealed with pleasure as he started to furiously thrust in and out of her tight redhead pussy. Soon she felt an incredible wave of pleasure tear through her body as she reached her first incredible orgasm of the night. She tried to put her hand over her mouth to quiet her orgasmic scream as she continued to get pounded hard by Kyle's massive penis. Nicole met his thrusts with thrusts of her own as they had now become a perfect fucking machine. She wrapped her legs around his neck as he continued to plunge his cock deeper and deeper into her now loosened up pussy. Kyle took of Nicole's sexy heels as he continued to pummel the pussy of his roommate's girlfriend. Once he freed her feet from her shoes, he began to passionately suck on her perfectly painted red toes as he continued his thrusting. This again pushed Nicole over the edge and began another incredible orgasm. She heard Kyle was good, she wasn't expecting this good. 

Kyle pulled his cock out and flipped Nicole over onto her stomach to get a good view of the ass he has watched walk bye him for so long. He wasted no time and shoved his face into her amazing ass. He attempted to lick and kiss every inch of the peach shaped ass of Nicole. She begged for more cock, and he wasted no time obliging by shoving it back in. He cupped her breasts and slapped her ass as he continued to ram his cock into her. He went deeper and deeper into her as his balls slapped against her ass. Nicole started to feel his head throb and his balls tighten as he continued his frantic pace behind her. Both were close to orgasms; Nicole was hoping for one more before he unloaded more cum. Nicole began to rub her pussy as he thrusted into her in hopes of reaching another climax. Both of their breathing and moaning filled the room as they both neared the end. 

Nicole was now begging for his cock, "oh my god, fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeee!!" She began to start cumming on his cock and let out a moan that the downstairs neighbors had to of heard. Her orgasm continued as Kyle's was about to begin. She screamed out to him to not cum inside of her because they weren't using protection. But it was too late...Kyle began shooting his load into her unprotected pussy. The feeling of his cum shooting into her, pushed Nicole into another orgasm before she came down from her high. 

Nicole removed his cock and started to suck it with a grin on her face. 

"Ooops, next time just shoot it in my mouth", she said with a devilish look.