 I continued my tongue travel down her body, swirling her belly button (she had an innie), and going right to the pleasure pot...her womanhood. The vagina had become enlarged. As I licked her hood, it opened up (just like Janet's). I proceeded to give her clitoris a treat to make it hard and willing to accept me. 

Agnes was beginning to moan and sigh...the sigh every woman makes when she is aroused. I know it wouldn't be much longer, but I had another treat for her. I said, "Agnes, I love you and I want to give you an experience not too many woman get from their lovers." She replied, "Take my body, and do anything you want. Rape me, fuck me...have your way with me. I submit to your passion and love." Upon hearing that, I had her turn around and bend over. "YES COCKMASTER."

I had her bend forward and hold tight to the back part of the chaise. As she did this, I went down completely on my knees. I proceeded to run my tongue from her ankles, up her calf, and to her asshole. AGNES WAS REALLY BEING TURNED ON. I could feel it. My tongue darted around and around the rim of her ass, then I put in and out of her hole (something I love to do). Around and around he goes, where he stops, only she knows. 

After about five minutes of this sheer delight, both of us were wild with passion. I raised myself up to mount her. I was aware of the sun beating down on us, and even the birds were softly chirping. The pine trees were whispering their song of love to us, as they bent to and fro in the afternoon breezes.

As I stood up, I was sobbing in the ecstasy of my love for her. She was saying, "Peter, I love you and I want you to live me NOW. I want you and I to orgasm together." I was ready to mount my blood gorged shaft in her, but paused momentarily to secure a condom. Agnes said, "don't worry hon, I can't get pregnant. I want to feel your meat in my love tunnel." 

I said, "that's wonderful of you. I really didn't want to use one. Only the big boys go bareback riding...and I love to ride bareback." Agnes was trembling as she said, "fuck me NOW and hard and as hard as you can. Shove that cock was up my cunt, and just bang the hell out of it. Get it in as far and as deep and as long as you want. TAKE ME ...TAKE ME...FUCK IT...FUCK IT"

We started pumping each other, hard and fast, hard and fast...

We were fucking each other, fast and passionately, both screaming in ecstasy (which you could do being out in the secluded woods). Pumping furiously, my cock was totally enraged. There were strokes where I would totally put my cock out, and then slam it completely in, all the way up to my pubic bone. When I did this, she would absolutely scream and scream, moaning, "rape me, rape me, I love you."

I replied, "be my whore...I love you...I want to fuck you and make you happy. I want to make you feel like a real woman. You're my slut. I love you." As soon as I muttered this to her, we orgasmed simultaneously, my cock buried inside her tunnel. Spitting out the sperm, milky white and hot for her. She was holding my cock inside her, with her vaginal lips, then letting the train out of the tunnel, to its next stop.

In spite of the intense orgasm, I was still hard. Agnes then turned around and we embraced, kissed and cooed in each others ears. I asked her if she would like to get fucked in the ass. She said, "I have never done it there before, but you are my COCKMASTER, and I'll try to make you happy."

I had her turn around again and bend over, grasping her supple ankles with her hands. As she did this, I told her I needed to stimulate her opening. I put some suntan lotion on my middle finger, and inserted it in her asshole. She gasped slightly. I knew I had to get the outer ring to relax, so I just slid my finger in and out, until she begged for my cock. 

I rubbed my cock up and down her pussy to get it wet with our cum juices, and slowly started easing the head of my cock in her stretched hole. When I felt the ring relax and her asshole accepted me, I rammed my cock in. She cried and screamed over that huge, thick penis in her really small hole. Agnes kept crying for more and more. We pumped and pumped. She shouted "stretch it, stretch it. I love it. Yes YES!!"

Just then I heard a car horn sound. I pulled out of her and, with two hands, grabbed each ass cheek with my hands, and pushed her in the pool. I bent over, still with my flaming hardon, grabbed our suits, and jumped into the pool. Agnes did the quick change again, put her suit on, just as her husband Alan, and Janet came around the corner in the car, and pulled to a stop. 

They got out of the car, came over, and exchanged pleasantries. Janet asked us how the water. We both said the water was fine and to come on in.

- The End -

P.S. I later found out...the horn honking was a little signal Alan and Agnes had prearranged, to let her know he was back. It seems Alan was willing to put up with his sexual shortcomings and let Agnes know...if she was fucking a guy, to get her clothes on before he pulled into the driveway.