 Lyft had only been back in Austin for a few days. I jumped at the chance to take up my old side gig as was back on the road shortly their after. At the time, I had no idea my first passenger would change my world.

I recognized her the second she opened the door; although I'd last laid my eyes on her more than a decade ago. Hydie had been my first girlfriend in what seemed like another life. She was older now, but you never forget your first love, or all the pain she caused. 

Standing all of her five foot two and a half, she was still slim, her hair was back to its natural blond and the little b cups I so fondly remembered were looking up at me under her tee-shirt. The look in her eyes was the same emotional turmoil that had defined our relationship so long ago. I saw the instant that her inner storm was replaced by recognition. 

I smiled politely and started to say hello, but she jumped in the car and threw her arms around me, hugging me awkwardly from the backseat. She always had been a hugger, and before I knew it I was hugging her back, inhaling the scent of her and going back to my formative years in my mind. 

"It's so good to see you." She told me, as I released her and settled back into the driver seat. I hadn't noticed how wet her hair was when she got into my car, but my own shirt was now soaked from the hug, and the flash of lightning let us both see.

We laughed together for the first time in ages. "Just how I wanted to look when I finally bump into you again, with all the grace and charm of a drowned rat!" She said as the rumble of thunder provided an ironic ambiance. 

I started to drive her to the address on my phone, and listened to her fill me in on all the years since we split up. The ride wasn't long she was staying with family not far outside of town. She had a wonderful conversation, just like old times. 

When we got close to where she was going, the inevitable comparison came up. We'd spent another evening together in a car, during one heck of a thunderstorm, while we were still dating. At that lovely age when you go driving in your parent's car, just be to alone. 

"That night was great" I admitted with some reluctance.

"You don't sound so sure."

"Well, I'm embarrassed. I was a scared catholic school boy and I panicked when we crossed a line."

"So that's what happened, I always wondered why you pulled your finger out of me like my pussy was poisoned."

"I wasn't expecting you to guide my finger in, at first I thought I'd violated you, and then, well and then I don't know, I just panicked. You should have been my first that night."

"I would have been your first, I knew it!" She exclaimed. "That explains a thing or two I always thought about you."

"I'm sure it does."

"Hey when do you get off?" The tone of her voice took on a far too casual sound.

"Whenever I want to. I work for myself doing this."

"There's a place two exits up, where we can pull off the road and watch the storm over the river. I could really use a friend tonight, and since we haven't seen each other in so long..."

"Why not." I answered, trying to play it cool. If she was still the fire cracker that she'd been when we dated... ah it was going to be just like being a teenager again, only better since I'm not such a stick in the mud anymore. 

I let her guide me to the spot, pretending that I didn't know it well, and found a spot to park the car. Then trying to play it cool I moved the front seats all the way forward and climbed into the back with her.

Our conversation flowed smoothly and before I knew it she was snuggled up next to me, telling me all the details of her life. My arm wound up around her shoulders and she once again I was amazed at how well her body interlocked with mine. The difference in our height was just perfect. 

Soon her story of heart break stopped making sense and just started to ramble. I remember how she used to do that, and what I'd done to get her to stop. It felt like taking a risk at the time, probably because I'm dense. I took her chin in my free hand, and turned her face towards mine. I looked into her eyes for a second seeking convent, and brought my lips down to hers. 

I wasn't prepared for how eagerly she kissed me. Her lips caressed, and pulled at mine. She was a predator devouring a meal that she had long since thought lost. She placed her hand on my chest and slipped her tongue in my mouth. 

We made out like teenagers on a date, which we had once been. She shoved her tits against me and started to move around, indicating that they wanted some attention. She was still as subtle as ever. I broke our kiss and placed my hands on the hem of her shirt, again looking into her oh so familiar eyes. She leaned back just a little and I brought the shirt up her body, stopping at the bottom of her bra to grab it, and pulled them both just over her tits, freeing them but leaving the cloths on her. We'd done that a lot as kids, always afraid that her mother would walk in on us as we almost had sex. 

My smile must have told her what I was thinking. She wiggled a little bit. "Just like old times huh? Well we don't have to worry about anyone walking in on us now." With that she pulled her shirt and bra the rest of the way off and dove back in to kiss me.

I brought my right hand up and started to tease her breast. Feeling the already hard nipple against my palm and finger tips as I played around it with the gentlest touch I could. I heard her purr in my ear as my fingers make love to her tits. The little B plusses as she used to call them were still a perfect handful just like the girl they're attached to. I continued to play with them, lost in all of her old familiar sounds of delight as I did.

"You've gotten much better at that."

"I'm not 18 anymore." I answered with a little chuckle. 

"I can tell." She giggled, reaching for and unbuttoning my shirt. I had to help her get it off and we rushed back into each other's arms. Making out for a second, but I soon left her lips and kissed my way down her cheek, and along her neck. Loving the feeling as she nuzzled in closer to me, surrendering her neck to my lips. I found all her spots, kissing and gently biting the sensitive area where her neck met her shoulders, feeling her shoving her breasts into my chest as I did. My free hand caressing her cheek, and her ear, teasing the lobe the way she used to love. 

I made my way down her chest, cresting the top of her cleavage and making my way to her right breasts. She leaned her head back into the seat and moaned my favorite "yes that's what I've been wanting." Sound. The sigh of perfect contentment as I kissed my way around her breasts, my free hand coming up to make sure that the other one didn't feel neglected. I kissed her nipple before taking her whole breast into my mouth, sucking on it and letting it slide out slowly, leaving it wet in the cool car air. As my teeth made their way to the areola I increased pressure just a little slowing the slide to a gentle scratch and clasping onto her numb. 

She ran her fingers through my buzz cut hair and her other arm along my arm and down to my leg. I took the hint and brought my free hand down to her thigh and traced slow circles on it before moving it slowly up her legs towards her. While I moved my mouth to her neglected breast. 

"Still making sure they get equal attention I see." She was teasing me, we both had a fond memory of how I used to do that as a teen. I looked back down at her breast and resumed bringing my other hand up to her pussy. I heard and felt her gasp as my hand finally found its mark. With practiced fingers, I began to rub her pussy as I had so many years ago, my fingers finding her clit and applying pressure just so, listening as her breathing grew faster with each movement. 

"You're still such a tease." She panted into my ear before getting up out of our embrace. Her fingers found my belt and I didn't know what to look at as I saw her fumble with it, naked from the waste up and crouched in the confined space, her lovely tits hanging free inches from my tool. 

I kicked off my boots and lifted my hips as she slid my pants and boxer briefs down and off me. The move wasn't as smooth as I'd like to remember but it worked. 

"You're naked first, that means I win" She said playfully. 

"Oh, what do you win?" I asked intrigued, my mind going back to some of her more playful suggestions of our youth. 

"You have to make me cum first." She cooed. 

"Alright" I agreed. I found the button on her jeans and opened them with all of the urgency I remembered from so long ago. Yet unlike our teenage dates, this time I brought her panties down with her jeans. 

My eyes drank her in as she sat there in all of her glory. I'd never seen her completely naked before tonight, although I'd pictured her like this when we were younger, and far more often then I'd care to admit since. Her touch lingered in my mind and when I was well and truly alone I'd dream of what might have been with her more often than any other girl I'd ever dated. 

She looked as amazing in her skin now as I'd dreamed. Her bush was still neatly trimmed and soft to the touch, glistening with her excitement. She must have understood why I had stopped as she scoched away from me and started to strike poses. She was as beautiful as any centerfold. 

I could only take the posing for a moment and soon moved back in to her. I kissed her again and let my hands roan all over the body I'd wanted to see and feel naked for so long. As much as I loved the way her tits filled my hands, her butt cheeks felt like they were made for my hands, as I grabbed them I felt her fingers close around my cock. It felt perfect as she started to gently stroke it. I wanted to stay like that, but she very playfully reminded me that she had won. 

I started to kiss my way down her body along her neck, her shoulders, her chest, the glorious soft flesh of her breast, down her ribs and to her flat tummy. She figured out what I was about to do a split second before I did and with a giggle of old times she recoiled as I blew a raspberry on her stomach. Soon it erupted into full laughter from both of us. 

We settled back down and I resumed kissing my way down her body. I had to kneel on the floorboards to bring her womanhood to my lips. I kissed her inner thigh and worked my way up her leg. I kissed her clit and inhaled the scent of her before moving to her other thigh and working my way back up. She settled back on her elbows and looked content as I parted her lower lips and slid the tip of my tongue along her opening, coming up to her clit and kissing it again, I took it between my lips and gently squeezed it listening to her murmur in pleasure as her eyes flittered closed. 

I sat back and looked at her delicate little slit. It was every bit as small as I'd though. I'm not the world most blessed man but I had to wonder if I'd fit! It didn't matter I moved back in and parted her little lips with my fingers and started to trace slow circles around her lips with my tongue. Tasking her pussy wine for the first time. Her sent was nice. Every woman smells and tastes a little bit different. She smelled over her body wash and her own musk, but it was light and not overpowering like a well-seasoned meal. 

She made all the right noises as I ate her pussy. Savoring the meal, I'd denied myself all those years ago. As she started to bring her other leg up and rested it on my shoulder, pulling me in with her calf. 

I ate her for six or seven minutes, before bringing my mouth up to her clit and slipping a finger inside of her. 

She placed her hand over mine and held my one finger inside of her. 

"Promise me you won't pull it out?"

"I promise that you're not rid of me that easily." I agreed, before she removed her hand and I resumed searching for her G spot. I knew the instant that I found it, she arched her back and gasped for air. I let her settle back down loving the smile that split her devilish face as she did. 

"I love to be eaten" she purred "I love to be laid out on a platter, a fine feast for a starving man. Please eat my pussy, just like that, oh yes just like that. Please eat me I'm yours." Her breathing grew quick and I slid a second finger inside of her as I devoured her clit. I lifted my lips just as she started to gasp 

"cum for me baby" I asked surprised at how tender and loving my voice was, far more so than I'd intended. Before she could say anything, I moved my lips back down to suck on her clit. She came hard as I did, bucking and gasping for air. I rode the wave of her orgasm with her before she settled down. 

"You won" I gently reminded her as she came back down to earth. I sat next to her and saw that smile, and the look in her eyes that meant pure trouble. She slid away from me and with on hand on my shoulder she pushed me down so I was laying on the seat.  

"Your turn" she said winking at me. She climbed on top of me and lowered herself into a 69 position, settling one knee to either side of my head. It was inelegant in the confined back seat, but much more spacious than the small car we'd first fooled around in so many years ago. 

I'd always wanted to do this with her, even back then. But she'd told me in no uncertain terms that she wouldn't suck my cock any way. I had even pictured putting her in this position and watching as she crossed her arms over my tool and rested the side of her head on them as a pillow. Smiling her contented smile as I ate her out, and she ignored me. Even with that image I'd nearly tried it. 

This time though she kissed the head of my tool and took it into her mouth, her hands coming up to message my balls as she expertly slid her lips along my length, down to the base and again back up, almost to the tip so that the base of my head was still inside of her mouth, holding it there and letting the cool air chill the saliva that coated me, before sliding her lips back down my length sucking just a little harder on the slow trip back down. 

I brought my head back to her pussy and again started to suck on her clit my hands caressing her legs and but as I did. I brought one hand between us and opened her pussy lips with my fingers before kissing the exposed wetness. Her pussy was wetter than any other I'd ever felt, the hot liquid flowed into my mouth and I had to swallow it before working my tongue as deep inside of her as I could. 

She continued to play with my balls as her mouth again moved to the end of my tool. This time she left it fall out, grabbing my shaft with her hand and kissing the head of my cock, breathing hard on it so the warmth of her breath contrasted with the cool A/C on my spit coated cock. 

She gasped rather suddenly and I pulled her in tight, feeling her buck my lips as she came for a second time. I was shocked she'd finished so soon and rode her out, holding her as tight as I could while still allowing her to move. 

We both sat up and she looked into my eyes, saying the words that stir my soul like no other. "I want you inside of me." 

I kissed her, and settled back, pulling her onto my lap We sat there for a second, my cock hard enough to pound nails, resting against the pillow of her bush, so close. She lifted herself up and I took hold of my tool. I ran it along her slit, up and down the outside of her lips, moving it up and pressing it against her clit, tapping once, twice... 

"twat tease" she chided me, reaching down with her fingers and opening her lips, showing me the pick of her tender inside inviting me in. "I want you to do it." She said "You can have me..." she had said that to me more than once when we were teenagers, and this time I didn't chicken out. I shoved upward and slowly drove the tip of me penis inside of her pussy. 

I felt her lower lips enfold my cock, caressing it and welcoming it inside of her. Her eyes closed and I drove upward, feeling her hot pussy engulfing my tool one millimeter at a time. I worked in slowly savoring the moment that I had dreamed about.

She was so wet that I slide in smoothly, all the way to the root in our first try. Her pussy was a perfect fit, snug but nor uncomfortable, it felt wonderful! Like her body was sculpted specifically for mine. I held us in that position for a moment, my cook luxuriating in her natural hot tub. 

We sat there for a moment, but soon she opened her eyes, and look challengingly into mine. "I want you to fuck me!" she proclaimed and pulled away from me as I tried to withdraw from her depths. We found our rhythm and my mind lost track of everything else but the feeling of her perfect pussy working my aching tool. I slid almost all of the way out of her, only the tip of my head still inside, before I thrust my hips up, plunging my cock forward to reclaim her pussy as my own, delighting in her gasps as I planted my flag pole inside her.

We started to fuck faster, relishing the feeling of our uninterrupted skin on skin. When we were younger we were never completely naked together, let alone with me inside of her. I wished it could last all night, I held her ass checks in my hands feeling the muscle beneath as she rode me. I grabbed her breasts and made sure her nipples didn't feel left out, before running my hands along her sides letting one hand rest on her hip while the other brought my thumb to her clit. That sent her over the edge and as her twat spasmed around my cock it sent me over the edge. I started to twitch and she realized I was about to cum. She opened her eyes and I saw that look of trouble. She drove down, planting me as deep inside of her womb as I could reach as I exploded. She wrapped her arms around me and came in for a kiss as our orgasms peeked, and we heald each other as we came back down to earth. 

I kissed her again, short bites to the lips. "I've. Wanted. To. Do. You. For. So..." Before I could finish we we're pulled back into the moment by the Lyft app, its tone accompanying a message asking if I'd dropped off my passenger yet. We laughed together and moved apart, going for our phones. As I shut the app down I looked back at her in all her glory, radiating that happy freshly fucked glow.

"I don't want to stay with my family." She told me. 

"Alright" I agreed as I started to get dressed. "You can spend the weekend at my place"

She reached for her jeans but I put my hand on them, stopping her. 

"New game" I said. "You have to lay on my back seat the whole way home, you can have your cloths back on Monday."

Her smile was all trouble as I drove her back to my place, every scrap of her clothing still on the floor.